CONGREGATIONAL UNION. AT the annual meeting of this body heold in May, the following speech-was delivered, which created a great senaas tion at the moment, and has been pro duotiveo of a far wider spread feeling since it was published. .We purposely omit the "cheers" which greoted almost every sentence: The Rev. Samuel Martin,'of Westminstfr; in the course of a speech, delivored with an extraordinary degree "of earnestness and feelleg, said his heart -had bee so full of what ludl occurred at the Bitde Society's meeting, that he should be gladdto relieve It in speech. He must give vent In some way to his feelings, in order to be able to preach on Sunday. It had happened to himself to be one of tlie speakers at tile Bibl meeting at Exeter Hall, and he was followed by a well-known clergyman from Bilrmingham, who said there were many' Dissenting churches crying and sighing for the Gospel, but could not find it because the ministers were not preaching it. I think, Mr. Martin continued, that the chairman on that occasion (Lord Shaftes bury) should havo called the speaker to order, for it was not the question before the meeting. On being called to order by the meeting, the speaker referred, In jus tlflcatlon of his remarks, to our late venerated friend, John Angell James. Now, whha I have heard that beloved and honored noan speak with distrust of any of our younge r minis ters, I have always said to him In private, and he invariably listened to me 'fith that kindness which characterised hint "It is your infirmity. It is almost the oslly thing connected with you that makes.niy heart sand. It is just like your distrust of your. health." Our honoredfriendalways thought his health was failing, oven when e1o was in perfect vigor.. Ills distrust of his :younger brethren arose from the same causit. But lie never spoke-and to his honor be it said -he never spoke thus without thereo playing over Ids countenance the deep grief of his heart. It was a heart sorrow with htim. I looked in Canon Lilller's facefortiho sadness, and I tell you I went home ill beeause I did not see iti I was obliged to leave thd meet ing, and spent a wretched night, just because I saw it possible for a professed Clrrlstian and a minisuter of Christ to talk of a minister not preaching the Obspel without adneas in his heart. There was a cold marble faee that'almost crushed my soul. Why' if we are not preaching the Gospel, just siee the heavy curse which rests on you and meo., "If I or an angel from heaven preae h-any other gospel than that which yo Ilave re ceived," saysSt.Paul, "lot him boe c ureod,' I say the charge of murder is notlhintg com pared wilth the clhargo brought aga ltst a minister of Christ whon it is said :that he does not preach the Gospel. There Is not a devil in hell that is doing so much m Isehief as tihe eman who professes to preach t o Goas. pel, but does not preach it. I say t there I re, that no more solemn charge colld be brought against a body of men, thl n the charge brought on thleplatform of the Bible Society, by Canon Miller, of Ilrminggham, against our younger brethren in the 'mints try. Whether he had any personal- refer once I do not know-I do not care. Y have learned to look my Saviour in the face, and ask, "What is thy will ? Dost thou ap proeo mo ?" White I do value tile es teem of my brethren-and God has given ;mo a share of it fills me with perfect as ton Sishmeout yet they wil forgive me who n I say Clthat I try to work independently q f it. If therm were any ipersonal reference, I can forget and forgive it i but Iam concerned for our churches, because I beliove that our church polity is one of God's great Instru ments for the establishment ofChrlst's king, dom. 1 look. therefore, with extreme sad-" nesso' I unvtiig tlht weakens our intluen-,'m iim thIs oullntry. II its of the imost sairei •kind. Now for a an 'to stland on the platform of a public socIety and say we are not preachtig the Gospel, is to entirely un dermine our intluence, and to tako away that which is our chief strengtth. If there be amongst us menic who are not preaching the Gospel, I call upon the chlrclhes over which they preside to request their with drawat. Where are they ? - Then there are the county.nassociations... If tlere. be men condected with them not preacioing the Gospel, I call upon the assoelations to expel them. If thero be connected'with the Con gregatlonal Board, or with this Union, men who are not preaching the Gospel, tile board should withdraw from them, and the Union should withdraw from them. It should be impossible for men suspected to continue amongst us. They should retire, and. be expelled. It is high time. that we slould deal with this thing. If I can. exert any Influenco'for this purpose it shall be fairly and. thoroughly tested.. It is, I belleve, nothing but a horrid, cursed ghost, but'it is doing Infinite mischief, If we cannot find the men who are not preaching the Gospel, let us at once deny the charge, and take every public opportunity of declaring that tliheministcrs of our denomination are loyal and faithful to their Savisur. At the close of Mr. Martin's speech the assembly Immediately terminated its pro ceedings.. . . . . 