NElunoVBIlB HIT JIT CX.UH DOIIIGS. .1 DEAR Bell,— As my account of tno Gjolong tryst ia rather prolix, I shall mnko up by faying very little about lnst Saturday's Affair : in fact, thoro is very little to talk about. Tlio fixture was Ivnnhoe, at twelvo ' o'clock; but as it 'rained cats ant) dogs' all riny, it .. was tnoo'clook boforo we turned out. Mr. Dunn, of . Durebin Creek, a member of tho Hunt, entertained tlio manier ona a largo nniuner 01 irienas io luncn at nn hospitable quait^rs, . and font of sport aa all the party are, most were loth to leave his warm flreBldo, capital ' spread, and brimming decanters, for a canter through the pouring nhuwer. Sovcral others of ? our fellows shared tho comforts provided by Mr. Colo with equal 01 jo) ment, and left them with equal rogrot; but, for A slwne'B sake, it would not do to let tho folks think tho ' M. p. C. were made of silt, and so a gal.op was dolor- , mined .upon. Accordingly, n Htjht weight, who U re markably fond of making tho most of his birthd-iy, led us a dr»g of six or aoven miles ovcr tome sooro of , rnBpins fence?, and a jib it was to follow his lino over I tho floppy ground. Many a ono oamo to gritf, and Lut for rotten rails many another would have dono tho ' name; but luckily no one was much hurt, though the sporting littlo fanier got a burster, of wbioh the trace ' is still left. Wet as drowned rats, we reaohed homo before dark, nnd if nothing elso wa» caught, depend * upon it tho influenza wo», for oar pains. ' On Monday -we meet again at the biido place, for thy promised dingo.- ? NIM ROD'S GHO3T. Rabbit Couhbino this Apternook; — Vfo call «- peoiid attention to this promising bit of fun, and liava nn doubt but tbe Flemlugton course will huvo hundreds cf vliitors to witn(S3 it. Every pains has beeu taken to onsuro tho affair Rolng offsatisiiustorlly, and wo know that dogs have arrived etppcially from all ports of tho country. Not only nro plenty of flue rabbits provided, . ,. but a lively kangnroo has been obtained, mid will bB chased as the fianl event. Many Mclbournite* havo : never soon 0 kangaroo running, nnd to thorn this will be a novol treat Indeed.' No, horsstnen nor vehioles are al lowed to enter tho course, so'that thespoit 8tiallnot ba ' ?? ' . .' interfered with, and tho admission to tin stands is only the nominal prico of ono shilling Wo refer thoae inte- '?'? retted to tho programme, ns it appears In our oolumusof '-'? to-day. , -. _? ?-.',! 