METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. From the Liverpool Albion,) london, Saturday Evening, June 9. WHATEVER other class of the metropolitan community may clamour against Cobden for promising us French bonbons, and presenting us with bitter almonds, however the cockneys may howl about being defrauded in expected fortune-making by the jam spinning wool- ? gatherer of Cottonopolis, the London cabmen evidently think that the Unadorned and his associates have wrought beneficial ' Wonders,, and brought the millenium at last. They are satisfied that matters must be progressing most gratifyingly in parliament when every member has to go there and come away again in some sort of a wheeled something. It hardly signifies what hour of the day or night for the rain scarcely ever leaves off; or, if it do, for a minute or two, and the sanatoria beguiled into a peripatetic experiment in the direction of Palace- yard, he is sure to be caught in a waterspout 1 thereupon has he to supplicate Jarvy as earnestly to carry him, at his own price, through the puddle as though-the said Jehu were the Man in the Moon at about a quarter to four o'clock i on polling day, when the sweet voice of such chalmer pours forth notes as rich as the Nightingale's, meaning thereby Jenny Lind's, that is, as convertible into cash. It is lucky for the latE Mr. Commissioner Finey, Who invented sixpenny fares, that he is dead ; otherwise it would be the death of him to behold the present felicity of his foes, the old files of the " ranks," who consider, themselves miracles of material may if- they carry you half-a- mile for half-a crown-; and you partly respect the ! feeling as you think of the. rheumatic, sciatic, neuralgic, and lumbagofied consequences involved in your not being carried at all, a contingency painfully probable. The season and the session may indeed be said to be auspicious for the vehicular' constituency ; and it is a comfort to the Chilian attempts, whom these times so sorely' by, to know that some people are not without cause of content concerning the ground that has been gone over since the eight equine creams conveyed the state coach to the Victoria Tower, with a programme of promises now the fulfilment Shere of will have to be recorded by commission; for her Majesty will never recite in person the catalogue of the legislative failures of 1860, or render them more conspicuous by the absence of all enumeration. How long we are now from the wind up there is no saying; or, if it were said to-day, it would have to be unsaid to-morrow, like a Reuter's telegram of Sicilian particulars concocted in Cornhill and corrected from Copenhagen. It was thought the rattle in the throat of the session would be heard on Thursday night, and that Finality would give up the ghost in re-reform ; but on the contrary, the tone adopted was one of such surprising liveliness that quite a different aspect has come over the precincts of St. Stephen's, a double division was taken in favour of more time-killing;-that is further adjourned debates on the conundrum whether anything or nothing is to done with the great domestic business of the session, the business of the last half-dozen sessions ; so that, to all appearances, we shall be as busy and puzzled to know what to do in August with what should have been done in March as we are now in June as to how we are to crawl on into July. Thursday night's debate was wholly void of excitement ; Palmerston's speech in behalf of the measure of ""his obnoxious but un-get- rid-able little friend, the Foreign Secretary, being evidently the result of that compulsory benevolence which induced the " Governess," in Lady Blessington tale of that name, to have a fine healthy grinder shipped out of her head, so as to serve her mistress to the same enterprise in respect to a dilapidated motor. The exhibition of the Comic was the reverse of hilarious to either friend or foe and fell miserably dead on a house disposed to be amused with any sort of sham, provided appearances were kept up with any sort of adroitness, which in this case it wasn't, and the Viscount collapsed with the pleasant consciousness that his imposture had imposed on no one least of all did it give the greenest joked the idea that it had imposed on the performer himself. The bottle conjuring of the Bottle Holder therefore proved the dullest and darkest of tricks. Not so the division, the ministerial escape by twenty-one causing the tories, and a good many liberals, to cheer in such a manner that we may expect sore throat to figure extensively in the Registrar-General's next particularization of hygiene in the Bob gravia latitudes of the bills of mortality. ' Mortal indeed isthisrefoim bill becoming ;; for While it hasn't sufficient vitality to keep its non corporate body and spiritless soul together, it is deadly enough to cast the shadow of dissolution on the expiring session. A general election promises to be among the titillating incidents of the piquant autumn approaching, for nobody supposes now that we are going to have any summer, unless perhaps at Christmas, by which time, mayhap, we shall have an " expression of the grape " from over the water not contemplated in the wine- licensing act. At no time since the invasion panic began was the apprehension that there must be " something in it " so vivid as at present. It is not easy to account for this, unless it be the unwonted arrival amongst us of foreigners, and of English who have been living abroad, among almost all of whom come from what corner of the globe they may, there is an unanimity as to the airs the French are everywhere giving themselves, as though the dominions of the British lion were about to be reduced to the area of the Isle of Dogs, v A sort of pancake and cornflower symbolism and sentiment seem to penade-the Gallic by east', as if it were an understood thing that the hour would strike presently, giving note not only of dreadful preparation, but that everything had long been prepared, for Heaven or the other place only knows what. L. N. B. has at length brought himself in this country to the Nott arno te, Sabido, condition of Dr Fell, whom everybody disliked, though no body. could exactly say why and even Quaker Bright would now shake his head, or his hat, which has more of the beaver in it, at a vote of confidence in the variability of the Emperor of Peace. Then, again, it is J becoming tolerably w ell known, even to many who hitherto had no suspicion of the' sort, that our newspapers are chiefly remarkable for the intelligence they 'don't' contain concerning matters it is vital we should be familiar with. For instance, it never appears in print in England that the new order of things Piedmontese is otherwise than Paradisical, whereas it is notorious that Pandemonium would afford a more exact parallel. The revolution is devouring its own children, as all revolutions have., The moderates are being everywhere pooh-poohed, and the immoderate exalted that is, they exalt themselves, and none dare snub them, knowing who is behind them, and why he eggs them on to convulsion and chaos, in Order that he may come in as a pacificator, such picifkator as proves the conductor to the antelope, when annexing and absorbing that capricornia creature. Hence, he, not the sea, but the other. I gentleman, M. Bonaparte, furnishes unlimited passes to all Italians in France desirous of teach- ing the peninsula. The more of these perturbed patriots get there, no matter what side they join, the greater the certainty of confusion, and the better for him. Tuscany is almost ripe already for his interference. In Milan it is much the same, as everybody knew it would be, the Lombards so disdain the Sandes, who, through Ratazzi and others, when the retention of the Ailsfriatf penal code in Lombardy was proposed, a couple of weeks ago, by one of the liberating deputies in the Turin Chambers, re- ciprocated objurgations on the new, but by no means loyal, lieges of Victor Emmanuel. Two of the King's regiments have had to be disarmed in Bologna, under General Rosetti, and sent to Alessandria, accused of rebellion, the men being _ chieflyJVcjneiiansjuiiLLombards_ , One doesn't hear of these things from our best possible instructors, organs of that highly cultivated ignorance" in which the British nation transcends all others. Neither do we hear through r such" sources that the Sardinian warship Governolo, sent to Sicily to protect the interests of the Piedmontese subjects in the island] earned with her, 200,000 francs for the National committee. But we might have expected to hear, if only for The joke of the thing, that the Company Rubbatino, whose steamer was taken possession of by Garibaldi's volunteers, lodged an immediate complaint of the piracy, and were j laughed at, if not openly, at least in the sleeve, of Genoese justice, very blind of late because they had also been owners of the Cagliari, the TOW 1 consequent upon whose capture still resounds 1 in the, ears of all of up; [Then, as regards the i Rhenish proclivities of Alexander the Great, proofs of what is impending multiply continuously. In the memoirs, published to-day, of the late artist, Leslie, that court painter who laid it on uncommonly thick wherever royalty was concerned, talks of the fine head of the wisest and best of living kings, Leopold, whom the people he reigns over scarcely seem to deserve." Flattering to Flemings, who seem to be about taking Flemish leave of their Teutonic Solomon. So far from its being true, as lately stated, that annexation is abhorrent to the Belgian mind, it is highly attractive, and is becoming more so every day, more especially among the soldiery, whom the French military emissaries are inspiring with the ambition of no longer being geese in " the cockpit of Europe," and are treated with copies of the proclamation old Nap addressed to them in 1815, only it was dated the 19th instead of the 18th of June, which made a slight difference between the power and the promise of the Imperial Jienman. Still, he did say they were very fine fellows and they would undoubtedly have been delighted to prove their endeavour so to be had not that little affair at Mont St. Jean turned out rather awkwardly from certain causes, though not including one to which Leslie refers, w., when some jackass was pestering Wellington with interrogatories about Waterloo and asked the Duke what was the reason the French didn't attack him at a particular time and mode, received for answer from the F.M. " because they weren't did fools a rejoinder tolerably conclusive on strategic grounds, and implying that his Grace was acquainted with an individual who would have come within the , complimentary category aforesaid. With the usual Mephistopheles luck, or coincide dence, or fortune, or whatever it is that attends everything that he does, the Emperor's direct designs upon the military are potently aided by the not less direct influence of the Belgian Government itself upon the general community, the augmented sugar-tax proving a most pernicious pill, especially at the moment " that the Belgians - are terrified 'lest the ' new Anglo-French treaty should shut against them the French markets their iron and coal so long enjoyed. One would think that in the wisest and best of living kings" would have hit upon some other time for this impost, the most exasperating that could possibly be devised, especially in the face of the same article being the one that meets with high and continuous protection in France. But the " wisest and best of living kings " may have his own reasons for what he is about may yield to a necessity too inexorable to be trifled with. His young Brussels sprouts may promise to be all the better for transplanting, on the Savoy principle and the family letter-writing business has rendered it ridiculous to sham ignorance on his own part, or sham being ignorant of his all knowingness on the other side. One of the German journals in the interest of the Duke of Coburg, [the real man of the family, who tells truth and cares not what demon he shames,") declares that the contents of the letter of the Prince Regent of Prussia to Prince Albert became known to the Emperor of the French through an indiscretion committed by an English minister, and points "at Palmerston, who is now universally looked upon in Germany as the friend of Napoleon ; while both are regarded as the " accomplices or the dupes of the Russian Cabinet, as shown in the Duke of Coburg's late publication on the Despot Anarchy. Another of these journals says:-" The position of the English Premier in regard to Prince Albert is well known. The precautions, however, which the Prince is necessitated to take against the secret influence of the Premier seem insufficient and although we' do not know how far Lord Palmerston, the friend of Louis Napoleon, is concerned in the conveyance of the Prince Regent's letter to the French Emperor, it is certain that such an act must be attributed to him or to his agents. There are authentic documents in existence, which prove that in 1853 Lord Aberdeen, from dread of Lord Palmerston, then his colleague at the Home-office, ceased to trust his corres spondence to the Post-office." Again M Lord Palmerston's paid agents in London are busy in i speculating mysterious histories ( J of visits , of Louis Napoleon to _ Osborne, and of the subserviency of Prince Albert, to the French Emperor. The design is, of course, to mask the close connexion between Lord Palmerston and the latter, and to distract attention from the opposition which Palmerston is offering to the Anglo Prussian Alliance." 1 J W R Ife may be that much of all this is circulated by the Imperial friend concerning the Com plague accomplice. Nay," what if the latter innocent himself were the-author ? Both Greeks are proficients in the Sinn tactics, > spanners voices in vulgus ambiguous, that prepared Troy for the wolf in > sheep's , clothing, the wooden horse with brains in its stomach. Meantime, > the Premier might be the primest of 1 favourites at Court, as much so a his > brother in-law Melbourne himself, to judge from appearance of the proverbial deceptiveness ; whereof, however, it would be rather superfluous at this time of day to speak. It must have been a cogent reason indeed, that, at a moment of something like a downright, crisis in the Commons, could induce him to devote a whole day, and such a ' day as Thursday, to Ascot, merely that he might figure among the innumerable Germans ,'coUsinhood of the Queen who thronged the course, if not exactly like \- it' , drowned rats at least like rats that feared to be drowned, and didn't much care what kind of dehle carne after themselves. He did not arrive in the House till towards ten o'clock, and his absence threw the "appendages" into great confusion, not only because they don't know what to do without him, and none will obey the other if they did know, but becausüjie'is the only one who can do anything with his oven Speaker, Denison; This is a Very potent I personage just" now at least potent for blundering and he gets through his role with an infelicitous alacrity and positive, genius for v stupidity that should entitle him to two- coronets" when he is made a peer, which should be immediately. Points of order are the turning points of public business in the " "Lower" House at present; but those, are points that pass his comprehension:"; - while, with the perversity of people of his stamp, he is jealous of the least interference, suspects that he is being laughed 'at, in which he is not far wrong, -land resents the imagine.! indignity in the way that is certainly no laughing matter for the public, from whom he draws some £10,000 a year in one shape or other. The consequence is, that the disorder of the pros ! ceedings is something a Kentucky vestry would be ashamed of, if they have sued thing as a j vestry, in Kentucky or if a Kehtuckyean ever was is, or will be ashamed of anything. Hence, when Palmerston is away, Denison is undrivable, unreadable, -unreadable, and altogether unmanageable. \-- , To bring these matters up to a stage of intel- eligibility to the reader. it is necessary to premise that Thursday was a very confused day at the 1 clubs, everybody asking what would happen, I and announcing it himself without waiting for an answer. The Reform, at least the talkers there who are supposed t to represent the tongues, if not the heads, of the establishment, was sanguine that Sir James Ferguson's motion would be' extinguished by the Speaker, as being untenable and that, therefore, another night would not be lost, before going into committee. The Carlton knew that Ferguson's motion had been condemned by the Speaker, for Denison dogmatise loudly enough out of the chair, with whatever bated breath he whispers in it and every Tony was trying to hit upon some other device of delay, how not to do it being the great object of the gentlemen of practical England. Brookes'?, the respectable Whig set, hating the bill, and all pertaining to it, hoped that something would be done to prolong the discussion ; but didn't exactly see how for every artifice of pro- constipation appeared to be exhausted, and there seemed a certainty that the scheme would be precipitated somehow in sufficient time to be brought before the Peers. All parties seemed uncertain and when the House met at four o'clock, very few were in the secret that a new dodge was to be substituted for the disorderly motion. The novelty of beginning an adjourned debate at half-past four by then moving its adjournment I took the Government completely by surprise. Lord John put on his most tragic Don Carlos | aspect, and whispered a stage aside to Sir George Grey, who looks as if he were always , rehearsing Iago to himself, but never could find ' an Othello. Off he set not the gentleman in black, but the minister for the Duchy, to the Chair, whose occupant seemed indeed seated between two stools, with only one leg between them. Mr. Speaker was struck all of a heap. He had not believed in the possibility of such a thing, and knew not how to deal with the dilemma. What he did know, however, was, that he would'nt do what Grey wanted him, whatever that might be and it was tolerably evident that it was to tie down Fergusson and. the other oratorical impediments, which he might have readily done to this question, why there should be an adjournment of the debate on Mackinnon's motion, (to wait for the next census before proceeding which was the real subject matter at issue ? But Mr. Speaker may be wiser in his genera- tion than he gets credit for. Everybody knows by whom and what for he was put where he is therefore his first of duties being to his master, he puts a sinister spoke whenever he can in whatever wheel ret olves contrary to said master's real inclination. Not only is Denison opposed to Russell's bill, but he makes no mystery of the earnestness of his opposition. Accordingly, on the time-killing debate was suffered to roll ; but the fact that it was expressly intended to kill time was somewhat glazed over by every alternate speaker rising on the Ministerial side ', thus also taking the sting out of the subsequent attempted reproach on the part of the First Minister that the Opposition were exclusively to blame for wasting the night. The mover of the motion, the member for Ayrshire, Sir J. Fergusson, though a young man, I under thirty, got through his onerous task with the skill and coolness of a veteran. His voice is pleasing, his men and manner agreeable, and his speech left a very favourable impression, one that is likely to be improved upon on his next attempt thereby differing from the other late bucolic phenomenon, Du Cane, whose anticipated ignition of the Thames is less likely to be realised every time he makes the incendiary experiment. I Up to ten o'clock the debate was, on the whole, but commonplace, though still very fairly sustained. At that hour, as already said, enters " him who makes the Assembly shine, Robin Adair," Henry John Temple, looking as jockeyship fresh as if he were going to take a , gallop for the cup, and were sure of winning in a canter. He came in a walking advertisement of the maxim of his old friend, Brummel, as to the prime requisite in good dressing, " country washing, and plenty of it ;" having a display of shirt-front that would ravish the heart of a Hampstead laundress. Perhaps it was only a dickey for everything about him it is so" ambiguous that the only thing certain is that nothing is what it seems, but something else altogether. However, shirt or dickey, it had evidently been just got into and as evidently the individual inside it Mr £8 proud of the operation as would have been his antique I associate, George IV., save that the royal tailor would have been shocked to behold the general I get up, studs of high lustre included, marred by a ponderous brown waistcoat, fit only for the November wear of a middle-aged, man, and quite out of keeping with an airy gossamer ' stripling of seventy-five. Down > plopped Pam beside Lord John, at his right, and began recounting the incidents of the race. But John, mayhap, suspecting that he was being "trotted," for he doesn't know a horse from a zany, save by the ears, and thinks that the latter must be the more astonishing animal because of its bray, soon showed that he was in no stable- minded mood and yawned in a style sufficient to frighten Cruizer from his oats. Thereupon the Rarey of men, who has tamed at anything on two legs that ever stood before him, causing it to go down on his knees to him, turned to his left. Bungle, Gladstone was more listless, and less inclined to listen. Stretched out in one of those sprawling half r 2 p >,\ 7 I ii I' I I' < I "Miss . dislocated attitudes he has lately adopted, as if for the edification of American ..?''sitora who may resent what Mrs. Trollope has said about the anti-slavery drop deportment of the unsophisti- cated senators of the States," the exploded financier presents us with a sort of tableau of his own budget, burst up, blown down to pay tony, higgledy-piggledy, three ways at once. With his head v resting on the back. of the bench, / her' arms and legs straggled out in curves and angles i Euclid couldn't define, and (his eyes closed, you " might at first imagine he was fast asleep. But closer inspection would show you that those downwards were very wide awake, and that there was no relaxation in the jaw; the general's pect of the visage suggesting the notion of painful J reminiscences? rather than of phjasaTvtjbeams,. However, the drowsiness was sufficiently real to warn off intruders,! and seemed BomewlvaryiF sections too. For Palmerston was just about to coil himself up, and go off into one of those "present slumbers," of late so . frequent,, as Disraeli pleasantly remarked with a willingness wholly inappreciable out of the House, but tremendous_in,_it,__when_up. -rose. Whiteside. Now, "not poppy, nor mandra- gora, nor all the drowsy syrups of the East would minister sleeps' under the Niagara of adjectives this Irish Boanerges pours out, accompanied as the torrents roar is with thwacks and thumps and bumps and jumps, as though icebergs and! primeval rocks were being whirled every minute into the hullabaloo hot-potato i flood, i To pretend to snatch a wink in forty under such an uproar was therefore beyond even the forty alligator powers of face possessed by the Premier, who, accordingly, made the best of the misfortune, and stood it out without a blink. Bright's reply was excellent in every respect, except that he did not touch the question of the separate legislation; and his assault on Disraeli was ill-timed, and very indifferently received by the House, although the Birmingham tribune is a general favourite, and all feel proud that he is " one of us."' As usual, he had notes of his peroration in his hand, and glanced at them when concluding, the conclusion being admirable of its kind. Cairns acquired new debating laurels on this occasion. His reference to' Bright's metropolitan paper, and a little similar pleasant personality at the patriot's expense, produced a good deal of merriment; but Bright himself was not present. He left shortly after Cairns rose, and did not return till towards the middle of the Premier's speech, the manner of which, at first, seemed to strike him as particularly good for the noble Viscount put on some of the externals of sincerity, but was on that account perhaps the more distrusted. He stood forward in the old style of blustering and hectoring threw out his chest, looking straight down the front benches, and made his voice ring into every corner of the House in a way that would have been most effective if the voice were not for etceteras nihil. When Palmerston was drawing to a close, Disraeli, who rarely ever betrays the least seem- ing consciousness of what is going on, or gives the smallest premonitory intimation that he is going to take part in the business, leaned for- ward, keeping his ejection the ancient gym- East who was pasteurising and making believe that something heroic was being enacted. Though gifted, or afflicted, as the case may be, with the most inscrutable physiognomy ever placed on human shoulders, at least since the case of the Pig-faced Lady, the Caucasians countenance certainly did show beforehand in this instance that he anticipated a triumph and the anticipation was most thoroughly realised. The moment he began, it was obvious he meant going in for assault and battery, and his hits became as palpable as those of Sayers and Heenan put together, combining the peculiarities of both body blows and Pacers, stun- ners and Flinders, with a few of the feints and surprises which enabled those Hebraic combatants, Mendoza and Belasco, to superadd Asian mystery to Frank off handed close-fisted ness. Ben's description of the state of feeling on the benches at the back of the Treasury, and his panorama of Palmerston's obfuscation in awaking from his sleep, and exclaiming, " God bless my eyes, where arewe?"&c;, was the perfection of grave burlesque, and showed him to be as thorough master of the only department of irony he had not before essayed as he is in those where he has long walked without a rival, or even an imitator. The cheering of his supporters was perhaps never given so heartily for the last year or two. They clearly meant | to extinguish the most idiotic of canards which some gobemouches have been again' putting in circulation about the doubtful allegiance of the Conserva- the body to the Disraeli a leadership. Perhaps in all political fiction there hasn't been anything so preposterous, nor yet more continuously repeated. It is like the sea-serpent ; everybody feels it is impossible, j but that something may turn up to give it a colour of fact. For fifteen years the same silliness has been put forth and there has been the same jabber about substituting this cipher and that other for the " head that carried the brains of the Derby Cabinet, as crowner Wakley said, with equal professional and, political acumen, this time ten years. If it were true to say so themselvess true now ? Who has arisen in the interim ? Where is he At one time the organ of the yellow plush section of conservatism used to talk of " Mr. Herries, the veteran leader." As well have talked of Dame Trot and her comical cat; but, at any rate, there has been an end of the talk long also of Herries, of whose existence no one has the smallest recollection, except that he was a sixth- rate man in a third-rate place, having been pitchforked by some unaccountable casually into high office, as much to his own surprise as that of the public. Nothing could have been more childish, whether splenetic or good natured there is no saying, than Lord John's elaborate reference the other night to the Quar- terry's impeachment of the Bucks' guidance. That periodical was never an eulogism of Disraeli, 'nor he of it, or of its " slashing article " contributors, including others besides Rigby. What little value there can be in its opinion on such a subject now is proved by the circumstance that Die utterer of this opinion is so small a person as Lord R. Cecil, who had better be cautious how he imitates his ancestor, Burleigh, in the matter of shaking his head lest that very feathery appurtenance fly off, though he would perhaps be the last to be aware of the loss, or mightn't deem it one if he were. It would have been easy to report on Lord John that even he had been declared to be useless to the state, to have quite survived his reputation, by the Edinburgh, the very publication whose shibboleth is the name of Fox, of whom his lordship has written a hundred biographies, or at least made a hundred attempts to do so ; the periodical that had for nearly fifty years been puffing everything connected with Holland House, especially its late mistress, who left Lord John a large legacy for his life-long bellows blowing in the same direction. The tu JJ cute sort of sarcasm might tell there but was wholly inapplicable in the other case, 