COUNTRY LIFE. Br FoxotOTE. (From the Weekly Empire.) ? As I descended tba stairs, after my return from th« kennel, In hopos of a fire minutes tcti-a-tete with Mrs. Montague Forbes, ere the dinner-bell should summons us to table, I had an opportunity of judging of tho former Instes and pursuits of tho Topthomes by tho different ploturos and artiolcs of curiosity whioh adorned the lull and landing plaoe. Bportsmon thoy soemod to hnvo been, ono and all, to judge from tho piotorial subjects and other trophies wliiuh oovorcd tho walls. Uncouth representations of. coursera In olden times, ero Frank Grant and Lands'or were born, hoforn tho brash of a Horring liad dono Justioe lo tho make and shape of tho noblest of animals, dis« played a series of wooden logged rooking horses, with short square tails, apparently Just taken from; tho idough, to be riddon In military style, at a, slow canter, by Individuals in cocked hats, porlwljjs, and Jack boots. How tirjllko tho "start for tho Derby," willoh, up lo tho proiont day, nttraota its orowd of theorotio sporumon,. at overy print shop window. Interspersed with the purchases of some turf-nffbeting ancestor, was a variety of smaller portraits, showing how the favottrito hunter, in his snalllo bridle, was used to Jump hts gates standing, III tho presence of a uurao rous pnok of hounds running over a flowor-onamollod award, that mtRgested tho month of Juno ns hoing, in those good old timos, tho most favourable season for tho abase. Doro and there was a full-longth representation of a former Top» thorne, long sinoa demised, delineated with « lofty diir». gard for drawinir. and a bold taite in colours, as attired in bricht yellow breeohoa, brown top-boots .a grass green cost, anua ifo'ingporako. Even tho ladies oi the family, tho anoestrol housewives, who bad fulfilled their dostiny of " sucking Topthornes, and chronicling small beer," seemed to have been ambitious of being handed down to posterity in a manner befitting tho wires and mothers nf a moo of NmrodB; and for ono that was clod as a long waisted shepperdess, holding a nosegay to her bosom, there must have been halt'-a-dozon attired in Spanish hats and buxom riding habits, nay, in a Boli'ary audacious instance, a masculine dame of the time of tho restoration ivas actually pourtrayed seated upon a black horse "on cavalier,'' and protected in this now unusual alt'tlido hy a style of dress which, thanks to our Bisters on the other side of tho Atlantic, we liavo seen adopted lately by the moro amibitious portion of tho sex in this country. Beneath those family picture«, glass Bb ad es contained representations of the different beasts of chaso, on whioh the originals of the portraits hail during their lifetime exeroisod their prowess. These were cunningly stuffed, to ape real ; life, and infinitely better resemblances of nature than tho speci- mens of the limner's art. Tied badgers wore plodding on in their sidelong canter, and twis ing otters grinning up at you, with their death snarl of defiance ; an amiable looking fox, »ith bright brown eyes, appeared to be caressing a prostrate pheasant, whose'plumage was frosh and radiant, as if he hsd just fluttered away his life by the side of some leafless spinny ; whilst harmless hares, in the conventional attitudes, the one eating, the other sitting up, gazed I at you with a placid expression of listless wonder, far différent from the startled .glance with which tho last you killed regarded your retriever, after you had tailored her hy shooting " too far behind." Snob, and such like, were the decorations of tho staircase, down which I now descended into a comfortable and well carpeted hall not too largo for a sitting-room, and in whioh tho Squire kept his guns, rods, ianding-nots, hnnting-whips, stioks, .everything in short which could be wanted at a moment's notice ; and the fire-place of which was tho general rendezvous of every one staying in the house previous to all expeditions of sport and amusement. The different apartments, dining- rooms, drawing-room, and billiard-room, all opened into the hall, and vied in comfort and snugness with that centre of the whole. Library thore was nonoj nor did the Squire's tastes and habits render snoh an addition to his occupation hy any means necossnry. In his own sanctum he possessed "Beckford," "Colonel Cooke," " White's Furriery," " Burns's Justices," and " Colonel Hawker's Advice to Young Sportsmen," nnd, with this wealth of literature, ho was completely satisfied. His sister, who subscribed to a circulating library, generally hod two or three new novels In tho drawing-room, »nd I never yet heard any nf the visitors complain of want of books. The outside of Topthorno Lodge was in accordance with its inner arrangements ; no prétentions to arohitcotural ftyle, or ornamental appearance, hut everything sacrificed fno bad plan in a country house) to thorough comfort and conveni- ence. It dated from the Elizabethan ora, but different proprietors had improved, added, taken away, and altered, according to their sovernl ideas of necessity and comfort, so that the Lodge, as it was oallod, in aonsoqaonce of some nnoient rights of forestry whioh is ron for red upon its occupant», was now a long, low, irregular pile of building, with winding stair-case*, and quaint ins-and-oals, an exterior that was in admirable keeping with tile tho- roughly English scenery, the towering oaks and broad meadows that surrounded its walls; and a'i interior in whioh any gentleman not gifted with the bump of locality, would bc safe to loss himself at least twico a day. during the first week of his domiciliation, in its puzzling passages and galleries. Trusting to chanco and a stray servant to conduct mo to the drawing-room, I pursued my way loisurely from my own chamber, alternately making my remarks on surrounding objects, and glancing down with no small satisfaction on the suit of sables, iu which, with a white tie, it is considered decorous to appear amongst your fellow creatures at feeding time. ''Could wo but see ourselves as others see us," would be. like most faculties which are wisely denied us, a very disagreeable acquisition. As it is, each man is satisfied that he has in himsolf some peculiarity of at- traction whioh his neighbours mast eventually discover. Certainly, taking Jock Eaffleton, or Segundo as tho style of manly beauty, a»d I never heard it denied that they wore both remarkably handsome men-my face and form, which are as different as possible from either of them, must befar romoved from the standard of perfection to which we are all anxious to approach. 1 was an ugly boy nt school, but I am much altered since then, possibly for the better ; and altogether I nm content to take the opinion of my tailor, who says, " I have a genteel figaro for a surtout,'' anil whom, I nm fain to believe, although he can never complete a coat for me without a doztn alterations, and was onco heard to Bay, with regard to a pair of leathers, my property, that drove him out of all patience by their obstinacy, "Weean make breeohes, air, but we really cannot make logs I" However, on the evening in question, I felt that if Mrs, Mon-, tague Forbes' opinion of my (out ensemble waa anything like that which I myself entertained, her fate was Boated. Tho widow must snosumb, and aurrondor at disoretion. Ac- cordingly I marohed boldly to the attack, I took her in to dinner, (I was the only visi or) I talked and flirted, and told second-hand London stories, as good as new in the west ¡ . and when tho time came for her to leave har brother and myself to oar bottle of old port, her look, as she rustled out of the room, said plainly as words could speak, " Don't stay prosing hore aboutyour horses, but come as quick as you nan to coffee and musio in the drawing-room." Old port, twon ty 'years in bottle, is a fluid which may safely stand upon its own merits without fear of neglecjt, and ft ia astonishing how its influence adds to tbe conver- sational powers of your companion, not only by conferring dl'iquence upon his periods, but by soothing you into a state of complacency, highly advantageous to a listener. A gen- tleman who can talk to you for an hour without ceasing, on tlie merits and pedigrees of his hounds, interspersed with problematical aneodotes of their sagacity, and diffuse com- mentaries on the nature and uncertainly of scent, would hnrdly be considered an amusing companion, if lending his assistance to the omsomption of a dooantor full of toas', and water, or a jug of iced lemonade ; but 1er him fill h s gi IBs to the brim with the dry, fall-flavoured, ruby stream, whioh ho assures you, in parenthesis, has been in bis oellar since he ooma of age, not forgetting, at the same time, lo push the bottle ncross ' the table, with tho injunolionto " help yourself." Let him smack his lips as bo sots down his empty goblet, and look na if he were going (o ring; the bell and order "the other bottle," and voa feel convinced that his eloquence ii oqual to that of a Cicero or Demosth°nos, and aro ready and miling to nndorgo tho ordeal of anothor story, longer than the last, upon the understanding that it shall be accompanied by a fresh supply of that liquid alchemy whioh " turns his words to gold." So was It with the squire ; 'he had got a listonor upon tho only subject he loved to talk about, and ho made good use of him. Ero the second bottle was done, I could have passed a fair examination on tho system of kennel management in the Fippingdon establishment, and could have told to a fraction how much meat they consumed in a week, and how many pounds of horseflesh each of those interesting animals stowed away aa his propor share in a twolvo month. What a reliofitwss to swagger into tho drawing-room, and make love to tho widow, ta drink tho coffee sho poured out with hor own fair hand, and to feel established at onoo as one of the family when tho Squire, according to oustom, went fast asleep in bis high-hacked chair, and I rendered my valuable assistance in the winding of a skein of much tangled silk, assuming the impos'ng nttitudo of a boar dancing on his hind legs, and holding out my paws for tho recoption of tho confusing web. If not tho most commodious, thia ia cortaluly tho most agrcoablo method of preparing silk for immediate uso. But, alas for the resources of tho human mind, the conversational powors of a gentleman aro most unfairly taxed, when he linds himself tho only visitor amongst a family party, and as, ol coarse, they have got nothing to Bay to each other, , when he finds ho is called upon' to supply topics and email talk for all. I had oxhaustad most of my conversation nt tho dinner tablo, and although now in tho enviable situation of commanding tho widow's ear. I really had nothing to say. Wo got through the wea- ther and " tho garden" very fast, tho fading roses, tho lovoly walks, tho surrounding country, and tho quaint old lioiiso, wben my good gonius prompted mo to nate a question seldom In io old a building ropliou to in tho negative. " I lavo you a haunted room hore?" "Ito jon beliovo in ghosts f" was tho oountor interrogation, "for if you do I won't toll you tho story, it is too alarming I" Of course I expressed my utter incredulity in those unwelcome visitor«, and, with but little pormasion, otra. Montague proceeded to relate tho following legond oonneotcd with tho Topthorno family in tho olden timo. The hour nnd soono woro woll caloulatod to do Justice to a ghost story. ' One of tho lamps had gone out, and tho room was in that state of soml« obscurity whioh is so much moro gloomy than aotual dark noss. The Squire, fast asleep in bil chair, breathed audi- bly, without disturbing us by a snore, and Mrs. Montague with ber drooping ringlets, and largo oyes, told hor story In thoso low, cager tones, whioh go straight to tho llstonoi's heart, and thus it ran i " Many years ago, during tho reign of Charles tho Second, and when the gloomy and rigid manners of tho Frotootorato had glvon place to the roistering hshlts of tho new regime, an anoester of . oun-, ono Hiles Topthorne, was tho proprietor of th oLodge. Milos hadiorved with tho Carn liors itt the Civil Wars,.and had added to thonatnrnl pro- fligacy of his disposition the »Hit habits of recklessness so much affected hy his party. . There ls a pioturo of him In tho hall, a handsome, dissipated looking man, ; with" a' bad expression of oounlennnoo, td whioh ! tlio artist has dono ampio justice. Ho was no bt- ttor than ho looked i ho hroko bis wife's heart, and droro his daughter from tho Lodge, by tho disgraceful orgies' in whioh ho V,took dought). »nd even »t till«' ' distance of time, this pince h«i soircely recovered the bid character it bore throughout the surrounding oountry for vloe and dehauohery. Amongst other perilous amusements, lt was hil delight to rlie at midnight ¿rom his revel», accompanied by his loose companions, and hunt the doer with hound and horn, throughout ibo surrounding forest during the boara of darkness, scaring the solitary cottages that ho passed, and making the ignorant .peasants bolieve in him as a super- natural being, something akin to the wild huntsman of Gorman romance. There is a chasm within a few miles of hero that is called « Topthorne's leap,' to this day ¡ and the common peoplo believe that «Mad! Milos,* as th»y called him, accomplished tho dangerous feat oi clearing tho pro opine by moonlight. It was supposed, and tho legend is so handed down to tho preent time, that ' Mad Miles' wus not unaccompanied by supernatural assistance in these perilous expeditions. Storios were afloat of his having been soon, preceded by a shadowy form on a black horse; and wherever his spirit leader rode, there was Miles bound to follow, and thence ho still emerged unhurt. Boon companions, who hod accompanied him on these wild flights, had boon known, on their return, weary and exhausted with the midnight chase, to declare they had seen Miles and ' another' far before them in the moonlight, when thoy hod abandoned the unsuccessful pursuit, and to enquire of each other, with blank visagos, as to whieh of their number hod so distanced his competi- tors. The answers were never satisfactory ; but then, to be sure, men who hunt in the dark, after supper, are not very likely to give a ole jr account of their proceedings. But, unfortunately, tho Toptborne of the day did not confino his vagaries to th eso moonlight rides. He was the terror of all whoso family could boast of beauty, and who valued their good naroo. His assignations with tile damsels of tho surrounding district have given tho name of the ' Lover's Oak' to a huiio old tree at the further end of what is now tho park ; and, amongst others in whose ears he poured iii« tale of falsehood, was Alice Torwood, daughter of his sub-forester (for Miles, like his fathers, was keeper of tho forest), and commonly called * the Lily of tho Lea ' His advances were long received with scorn and horror by the high minded maiden, but the cavalier, accustomed to consult only his own passions, thought little of using force where no parsuasion was of avail, and ' tho Lily' was carried off at midnight from her father's house. She was brought to the Lodge a raving maniac Tied upon his powerful horse behind her captor, who shall describo the horrors of thar, dark, desperate gallop ? in her incoherent lamentations slio raved of a demon- form that hod pursued her on a fiery black steed, of a frightful ..bnsm over which Miles had urged his horse to escape from his unearthly companion, of rivers of blood through whioh tlioy had waded ; and, sure enough, when sho arrived at tho Lodge, her dress as well as that of Miles, was s'ained with goro; and of fearful ooniiicts between her captor and the demon, waged at intervals, when the latter's superior speed enabled him to come up with th« flying aouple. But her words wore meroly regard- ed as the ravings ot madness ; and, although a young fores- ter of tho district, formerly attached to Alice', was found dead in the forest, with a sabre thrust through his heart, no inquiry inthoso unsettled times was made into tho busi- ness, arti Milos Topthorne, unsuspected and unpunished, pursued his former career of licenso and profligacy, in tho meantime tho Lily remained a olote captive m ono of tho roomB above Blairs. Inquiries wero mode in every diroetion by her family, but no cluo was ever obtained to her whereabouts, and tho agony of her father, in his uncertainty as to what had become of his darline;, was nor barn preferable ta ' tba knowledge of her actual state, out of her mind and a Srisoner in the bouse of such a man as Miles Topthorne. ut tho unaccountable part of tile story is to come. " Mad Miles" was brought homo one morning after a midnight gallop with a broken nock ; nor was this a catastrophe that should have occasioned any surprise, but on that very night, 'the Lily' had disappeared from her prison room, nor was «he ever afterwards heard of. ¡-he mar, with the cunning peculiar to madness, have eluded tho vigilanco of those employed to watch her, and, when once out of the house, have precipitated herself into ono of tits many ponda, or streams which abound in this neighbourhood. But be it as it._ may, no traces of 'tho Lily' have- evor.vJjeen discovered, and many a pcosaut vowed that on that fatal night he was woke from his sleep by tho Bhriil blasts of a horn, mingled with piercing screams from a woman's voice, and rushing to tho window, he caught a glimpse of a hurrying cavnlior, with a white figuro behind him, galloping through the forest in the moonlight, and closely pursued by a shadowy form of unearthly proportions, mounted upon a huge and fiery blackJwrse. . Sinco then, tito roora that "the Lily" occupied is supposed to bo visited at full moon by landry shrieks, groans, and mutterings ; and one of our house- maids loft a few yeara ago, in consequence of meeting, as she declared, a white transparent figure ou tbe very thres- hold of the apartment-we now call it tbe pink drossing room, and it opens into the blue bod-room-tho one whioh you occupy.. As you do not believe in ghosts, I have told you the story. Be good enough to light me a hand-candle. Good night, Mr. Foxglove, and pleasant dreams to yon. {Tobe continued.) 