HYSTERIA AND REVIVALS. (From Archdeacon Stopford's Pamphelt) I WAS myself present, in a Presbyterian Meeting house at a prayer, offered with the most fren- zied excitement and gesticulation, that Gd would then and there descend and strike all the unconverted to the earth. That prayer was accompanied throughout by a' storm of cries and groans, and exclamations and amens, all having the true hysteric sound. This was the most frightful scene I have witnessed in life; at the moment of the awful command to the Almighty to come down and strike, it was per- fectly terrific. No such scene would be per- mitted in any Bedlam upon earth. Presence at such a prayer could be redeemed from guilt only by the purpose of warning. I have many terrible recollections of life, but this prayer is the most frightful of them all. There can be no doubt that in places of worship which have become, famous through their hysterical cases, or in which hysteria is prayed for, the production of it is an object desired and aimed at in the preaching. One sermon which I heard impressed me forcibly with the conviction that the preacher had carefully studied how hysteria might be produced. An account may be as instructive to others as that sermon was to me. The preacher's natural qualifications ap- peared to be but small. His manner was cold, dry, unimpassioned. His vice was naturally good, and, like his action, appeared to have been carefully studied; his tones were unnatural as if the peculiar cry of hysteria had been taken as a model. He did not appear possessed either of intellectual or sympathetic power. He reminded me of Feuchterleben's de- scription of hysterical men - "for the most part effeminate." It was on the parable of Dives and Lazarus. Ther was nothing of the love of Christ, nor of the guilt of sin; there was nothing to awaken conscience; hell, h-e-ll, h--e--ll-- was the one cry, and the sole object aimed at was to produce a sensation f intended torture of physical self-feeling. Remarkable as this sermon was for the paucity and smallness of ideas, it could be wholly without ideas; but passages were. After the part above descrived came a passage in which "the existence of Dives" and "endless duration" were put together, repeated again, transposed, , reversed, inverted with infinite variety and art, until nothing in the nature of an idea to occupy the mind remained-nothing but the prolongation of the physical self-feel- ing of agony. This part of the sermon struck me as the most laboured and studied, piece of composition I ever listened to. The skill shewn in the wording was great, and the whole object f the study appeared to be the elimination of everything idea or thought. It was evidently here the chief labour of preparation had been bestowed; and it was precisely here, where every idea had disappeared, that the preacher bestowed the whole force of voice and tone, and gesture - a fact which I had observed in other sermons before. Accustomed to reflect on every intellectual excitement and every true emotional feeling by which hysteric action can be contracted, I had sat down to watch and track the process by which hysteria can be produced. Precisely as I expected, when all sense and meaning was gone, the preacher had his base and unmanly triumph in evoking a wild and long-continued scream of hysteric agony, which, as it rose more loud and thrilled more wild, did effectually silence the preacher, and left him standing in his pulpit with a most self-satisfied air, until her tardy removal enabled him to proceed. That thrilling cry of agony - that cold- blooded outrage upon the moral nature of woman - did awaken in me the strongest feeling of indignation that has ever filled my breast. The preacher, before giving out his text requested that if any case occurred the congregation would be quiet, and leave it to the office- bearers of the church, who had made full preparation for their reception. While the preacher was urging, with the peculiar pointing of the hand before described, "Your case us as bad as hell can make it," a poor girl cried and fell. In the reproving the excitement which followed, the preacher said, "God is doing His work in that individual." When the sermon closed I obtained admission to the room to which this girl had been carried, pursuant to the arrangements announced by the preacher. The room was small, and very narrow, and stifling - no air, no water was there. A more pitiable sight I never saw. This .girl was about fifteen years of age, or, perhaps a year or two older; her frame was weak and thin, her small hands stained and ground with hard work, her skin delicate and transparent her hair and eyelashes long and dark, her neck marked with scrofula, with a highly intellectual ..y.i.'-:y.i t,i .,:.«..: f.;-.;' .rt 10 iU>n\ i >'.* face, seldom seen in her class of life, except in weakly girls, and now made painfully interesting by the unearthly expression of, cataletic hysteria; every movement of the head and hands, every expression of the countenance, every moan was markedly hysterical. She had previously been struggling and screaming; she was now quiet, her lips sometimes moving but inaudibly; she had spoken of the devil catching souls to throw them into hell, crying, "Away! you shan't have mine;" - just the last impression made upon her failing mind. I learned that this was the third attack that this poor girl had had in a short time, each being more severe that the former; so readily does the habit grow. I could have wept to see this sad disease superadded, in the name of religion and of the Holy Ghost, to a poor weak frame, a scrofulous habit, and a life of toil. She was seated on a form, reclining in the arms of a coarse young man, about twenty years of age. He was no relation of hers, being ignorant of her name or residence. He seemed employed for the purpose, and related with apparent glee that before we came in, it had taken all his strength to hold her in her struggles. In this small room, and gathered closely round her, were eight or ten young women some of whom (perhaps all) had lately been hysterical, and two or three young men (not related to her), of whom at least one had been lately hysterical too. No elderly woman was there, nor any elderly man, except one who came in once or twice for a few minutes during the hour we remained there. Just opposite, and touching her, sat a girl who had gone through the same kind of conversion two days before, and was now crying hysterically, but quietly. She was well dressed for a mill girl, having showy bracelets and several rings on her fingers, notwithstanding her so recent conversion. The young man who held the patient, and who seemed quite used to that employment, grinned with professional pleasure as he exhibited to us the points of the case, and explained his treatment. 