"-METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ". AA ;.c - Kt.-_:_. (From the Liverpool'Albion.) . Iidndbnj Saturday Evening. tx anotó to to-day's published version of Brough- am's 1 InstallationAddress '? at Edinburgh, the Lord Harry, descanting on instinct and reason Ways, ''The nightingale's exquisite' musical power. is accompanied -with a proneness to jmitate.the.least melodious sounds; thus, in the south tofEurope, the^croaktng of frogs is often apparently preferred'vby "lier tb her own usual warbling'" Knowing bird, that nightingale; as-1 woll as a rura avis ; (or it Will astonish our 'northern ornithologists to hoar of the,aouthorn bul-bul's jug-jug being,turned into sb toadying n-measnre.- But- there can -be- no questioner tho piescibneo Vbf '. Miss' Philomel's croaking strain, considering tho'quarter it prooeods'frorh. With that locality tho ali- obaervant)Baron Vaux of the Vari proprietor of the Chateau Elcanore Louise, ' is well acquainted,. to wit, the region of Nico.; There' iho nepbew'j'öf tlie uncle is¡ preparing to repeat .tho Cannés exploit of the returned Elba eagle,-striking an. affrighted world with awe, as it passed liko a winged monster from " steeple to steeple," till, the' o'qúi line-beaked Wellington for ever knocked it off tho perch at Mont St. Jean, and hen-cooped it, in St. Helena'. Alack,1 Mort d'Arthur should bo the burden of our song now/ and croakers should be, our, nightingales. We have no..icon. F.M., though several ironical. .,To-day, some tidings that bur.angust ally hhs Gr'abatnised the ri^ivn tó cbrrespbridénbp bf.óu'r Field Marital Con sorti ,with hisi cousin, Mite Prussian Bogcnt, by which letter-oponing proceeding LvN; B.'has'i learnt Albert doesn't esteem the sovereign' of Decombor the Second a model monarch'¡in I8OO.7. The potentate insists on knowing the '.reason why. - It never occurs to any bold Briton' ¡to.insist on¡ knowjpgi byiWhot Old , Bail ofied moans tho Strasbourg conspirator is in a con- dition to put; any'such Interrogatory. ' Had; it been the Sultan -of Ashantee, or tho Lama of Thibot, br the Tycoon' of Japan, or the King of Mosquito,' or the'Caique of tho Fiddlodedee Islands; who had exhibited such fl »grant immo- rality, as purloining an ambassadorial despatch bag, ourt truly , - British minister would read tho insolent barbarian a groat moral losson in tho Yoh stvlc. ns nfbmDtlv ns :bavbnots. broadside's, 'pugnacious plenipotentiaries, and other man slaughtering civilisera could do it. But when a Knight of tho Garter-turns knight of the 'road, a''different- lino of diplomacy is oponed, up ; and the-imperial footpad, so.far from retracing his : footsteps, walks right ; into us, andr demands if wo mean to insult,him? Of course there will bo,' and probably/.hos already bedn, , a isolbmri diselaimor bf-any such idoo^ ,and an asseveration pf tho opposite sen).!*] ment, arrayed*in any modo his Majostyipleases'. He told us some years ago to say wo believed Cherbourg wás'/añ^evidénco or peaceful intop:j lions : ' to'-"' thé '*. world'' in ? gonoral, a land-1 of .'. special '. bndearment ' .towards England ' in particular./'.'.We .said wo.isbpboHevod.ibpcause, that clovori-hobfed gon(loman wishod.it ; though had an angel from heaven nnnounc'od the'same thing wo, should hayo soóütcd' binV'as a' super- natural Muh¿háuson,-Boutcr, and havo. relied'Pn rour own, sonaos .that mortars mcantiniortâlity, ' and that gunpowder was intended for, a, biow-.ijp. ; "Saving Jdp'np ¡as -Wo did in .this, Cfise) thorp' ii no difficulty !in. any other.". .Tho oniyidiiïicultyviB tO'dotermine when and in what shapo will- como, that wolf and lamb ' denooetabnt?ftbvich ino px tonuatjoria abd explanations, and tho gorman/-' diz'tne of no amount of dirt, under any degree' of dictation; can much lon gor stavoioffí1 If(tho, nightingaíos in¡the,(neighbourhood of Nice.aro/ croakers, tho; cock-sparrows - of .Oockuoydom should each be a ravon perpetually presaging a' saturnalia fon carrion-orowsj But apparently, the- British gooso thas;no^n9tlón: of Us,own rip'próachlójr/tíód^^ not till 'it is:ori'thé,s'pifc^;'i,i,;!irt,..;.if¿ \ ...."a .....Turning from that point into tho Commons' last tjigbt-,/wo behold ! sqniothiug. more portón-" tous still thnnjthe ominous obliviousness1'just' noted,--- .Wb see throe or four hundred gbhtiq-' mon'trying' to, per?uade<onc< aqqthpr . that > Hioy aro ,in oarnoit concorning what ouch knows that ho himself is known to caro nothing abqut; bc causo- ho knows that tho chief mah amongst' them earps loss than nothing'."abolit*,iti I Tho knöwlc'dgb that tho paper-crumpling d'romlori would discourage any discussion on thia poer* : squelohod privileges of tho Lower HOUBO pre- vented tho latter being crowded with dietln guished strangers last night ; whereas, had the First Minister been anybody but Palmerston, thero would have been a tremendous throng, a» the proceedings, whatever they wore, would mean what they seemed. But tho very tole graph-boys, who run about the building all night lojM»^eJT£09^^«_.D^^huttpnedf and black faced, and Iböking-like the imps in Der Froys chutz, diabolically grin now at the idea ol Pal. merstott-being- in-earnest ; and in a few monthsperhaps even some of .our gages, the newspapers, will-proclaim it as a special dis- covery'that the noble Viscount isn't tho most ingenuous of mankind. Nevertheless, a nell arranged tableau of respectable humbugs is always an alluring spectacle- with the British betteri classes ; as , witness, for instance, the thrilling iritorost always taken in a row that '.pretends to menace - a duel through the im .'possibility ¡of i any sort of i blood-let- ting, .except , apothecaries' /phlebotomy and Jews' discount is notorious to 'to the' most, verdant greenhorn.. Thus thora was a .tolerable' ' crowd (' of witnesses to last night's sham,'including peers and ambassadors. Ambng'the'latter Vas little black-eyed ebon 'haired" Sambo-visagéd^Persigny ; dapper and ,defiant,.aa"'.if.,-he.Jhad avenged theConspirscy .Bill fiasco, by ,the; degradation our .'repicsenta tivë "institutionsVjhad been reduced to ; and looking "äs perky ras,; a /.billiard-marker in his ?Supdày- clothes, strutting, up , the ¡ Rue Rivoli "after '-/ali .ïi-franc.' dinner, ' vinegar-cruet-fall ¡'^f^láJÚfoúUedrv^ne included.,.., Humboldt, in , that, budget of Teutonic/scandal wherewith tho ghost "bf old Obsmbs is1 oreating chaos among Certain-' spirits',- TruTjner's-~Bnrfiab;1 translation .being, out to-day, and in great demand, speaks .bf-iPersigny-T-Fialin de. Persigny- wilh thorough contempt, calling him' à ooarso loutish corporal! ' Ho has certainly improved since he became. plenipo , for the/ man of whom Hum- boldt also speaks as ,*'the undoubted son of Admiral Verhul," and his brother ' Moray as " a son of General Flahault, who had lived with both sisters-in-law, the Queen of Holland and the'Queen "bf Naples ;"--a versibn' pf "tho tale »that demands some apology to the son of our .oldest'whig peer for the pörrent story that his 'wife is the daughter-in-law of Louis Napoleon's Dutch father,'which it appears Count ElahaaH is not,-' though it alöo appears he might be, only that on a question of creation. Humboldt must be .regarded as .decisive. ' In ; the peers',, gallery, just at "tho back of tho Sorjeant-at-Arms' chair, was aoated Lord High .Chancellor Plain Jock, no doubt. envying tho Comic Old Gentleman's command over his facetious face in not bursting into a horse-laugh at the deliberate donkoyism ho bad' drawn'the senatorial herd into. Next to Campbell sat the newly- coroneted Taunton, on whoso brows; , or. at least over whoso ears, people do say that another species of ornamentation would be moro becoming. He seems to ba rather of that way of "thinking himself," judging by hisJ constant trotting into the Common;, whoro Mr. Labouchere wasn't altogether so low in'the. scale' as',18* Baron Taunton higher up. Behind this pair, and somewhat in the,shade, as if not appearing to caro too deeply interested in tho muddle.ho was the main tool'in producing, sat Monteagle, looking as if ho hardly knew "whpthor to'laugh or cry, and ready to do either, at'a'liand's turn ;-provided, of courso, that the said'- turning ; 'put .-.'"somothing" 'in the aforesaid.' hand, for r tho . foolish jjiord^ is wiso in his generation," and generally.cpntrivcä to butter his bread on three sides. -. Iii tho di- vision; oh his'own .^motion, iii the peers, on Mohday night, .he, appeared to figuro on both jsidos, . .much .töl . the-bewilderment ..of many. This arose, however, from there, being two ot .the same name ;-^-one Mont Eagle, tho title bj which, the Marquis tofrSligo sits;^-tho other Moritoag'e-a sort of" eaglet,; pr osprey, from tho orthography, the little ef though, the motto is sparing 'enoagh^ji'í.w./er*' aquilata eagle carries high :--very,- seeing that-it has carried Sprjng Rice to ar: British j peerage: i i rThe Com- mons last.night gravely sot aboutidealing with the ( violated privilege . business ' as a' Ljoko, till Bright removed it frpm tho category^ o^waggery. ^upoottiber...whp'.^óóks'. tupirá, and [more like a dead man, the veritable ghost,bf tho all-fasci- nating'.Corinthian Tom of otherdays, tho spectral similitude , being, grimly .and gro- tesquely heightened by,the sepulchral voice anil .dainty,, tailory and bijouterie; lülíkeiíplaiting on a coffin as it were, spoke with forcible 'feebleness 'indeed-, . Hp produced tm effect painfully* inefficient,! ; considering . the* sharp, inc¡BÍvc, tronclíant, binging'thrusts.aní cuts oí ^which' he ,'was sb/ 'consummate ' a "/master io every Houso of: Commons conflictiof anything l'ke this kind for the last five- nnd-thirty years. "Woo for the time j but tho prido of Finsbury, tho pet of all petticoats thoroin, fancy of tho fair of Mayfair, beloved pf publicans, adored of sinners, idolised of .saints: of both sexes and all Beets, favourite'of everybody, ' is fast hur- rying after.tho Golden Balls' and tho Silver Bells and tho Pea Green emerald Haynes ; And tho diamond D'Orsays, and othor brilliants of all ,8orts; pf swater, ,into tho gulf-streanr\of eter- nity,; and St.,Stophen.'s will soon-know him no moro.: "jPoor Tom's à ¡cold I" said many a warm friend of. the. faded .-Finaburyban"favourite, ns ' Jho;", ' proposed tt. ,tp. c, postpone th« 'qiiostibn to a Novbmbor session, so "as to ho ready to meet tho Lords' " this day six months" iomoñdmént, a áuggesúon that' would,leave the privilege point where it is, as tho Tprn'of other tjmos. ,'would ': bo1 tbo^flrst ' to^dombnatiste. 'Mjicli m'orp'ijtpi tito' purEospiWns '-^right's pro ' posai io comer, tocWe . quarters oii-V Thursday. Tho ' Birmingham bruiser''evidently7- means misohlef.Tind herasrevldently doesn't, caro who ?knows* pt' Ohe'mi^dri'í'bYmtich'Bkillfl'd in the (?stileKco,, 'pripokjngiintc':, 'mill-stones tà/porcoWo, lin'.last^ that John has'como back again to' bis ort gin al conviction,, os^ cammuni .catod/torNowcaatlo> Crawshay, concerning tho ¡First: Minister<bbiog tho 'first of-'" im'Aostors." Indoed . ho said as. .'mrloh ' f ^'''lttifa night; and']' _ aöm'e 4 ,viho' ' -.heardhim"'A>,rojolcod that tho'' latest' victim/.t.of ; - the, ',nPu" sitionif, should t,,;thu8;r . havo ....to A proclaim /himsolfr a dupo «of tho very . art ho bad stigma- tised, but which he thought to lurri' t& his own accourir}"but -'with tho usual succoss of gentle .mon. who deem themselves a match for Lucifer .in theil suutcrrarioan.' lino.-/ John' is furious nt tho 'Palmorstón.plot -for emöthering tho paper '.business1, and moans, if possible, to prevent líimsolf.añd'.tho public boing'.honxorl By.a slniilnr ./sham'1 in Wgdrd '. tó'tbts'prlvilego ermis. So ho said''fa's;t nlghtj'arid; sp tb'll ,db on Thursday night-if lie - can.Tho Knight of Nothorby, who sits1 next . 'Bright, -but at thó othdr aldo of tho gangway,' 'ns if to Bhow that thora was still Bomo littlo distinction botween tho Oumborland revoluiionlst'bf '' Oprri^ud Currency" of 1820 and tho'Birmingnnm1 radical of 1800, .listened to tho lattoriwith pebuliarly mhrked nttontion ; ? and, for once,' got1 rid of ; that blighting sneer willoh scorns death ;tó every', avowal ol sincerity corning from other people. Ho really did seora .Implicitly to bellona 'that 'Bright, no only meant td let the Tiv'erto'n'cat out of tho'bag but to^driybiher out ;, and ,Sir James is too oh a fox not to be. aware what must follow, if ono the democratic pack ' got on the scent' of thai animal, and commence running her down, lei all the, whippers-in and whippers out do whal they will. ;Lord John seemed aghast at the ?turn the affair had taken ,by the Government being branded with complicity iii their, own ht*, miliation, nnd keenly feeling, no doubt,that thu " Government" didn't mean a noun of multitude, but a singular personal 'pronoun,/beside which the noblo,'member for London was a very in-' definite article indeed. The consciousness of. thia doublo dilemma invested his exposition with what may be oalled poignant pomposity. Apparently anticipating that he would have . to como forth in the old fashion as when he. de- nounced the howling of tile hereditaries as "tho whisper of a' faction," ho had put on ,an overpowering, buff. waistcoat, which he mustjhave, borrowed from the Mar «quÎ8 ofi Lansdowne, for it wrapped over his diminutivo anatomy like a paletot.' -Flinging back his coat," [why doesn't he wear a blue one, and why not ,brass buttons, like the Marquis ?1 §*nd"fplding.his arms in the statuesque ; figure [ho cut- in''Hayter's picture, at Woburn, hq fspoke às;if,hp should'' like to say something; j: but fear of bis chi^r.compelled, him ,to say. ; nothing,;and the difficulty bf saying it in a res jpectable'raanner was almost'too'mtích for hini' ('physically, as it mu's^have been.metaphysically too. Still he contrived to leave the impression that he ¡ would go .ahead if <.thinga should, take ¿the turn they are tolerably certain to take ; for ? if Brigut .will, really.'.keepj"'clear of the, Picca- dilly hôc'ussin'g and pbcússing that, have once nlready .undone him as well as Cobden, he may bethe orbiter of the'situation that has now arisen. /How much tho effort to sustain the air hp, put. on'1'.'cost Lord John few who . [.observed - .him ; had an . idea. Though . be only spoke a few minutes he went through as great a strain on tho nervous system AB if he'Had given the! whole fifth act of his own "Don Carlos " in his own,person, all tho cha- racters included, which onco he would have thouglit nothing of doing. As soon as he sat I down, punting and gasping, ho despatched young /Whitbread, junior lord .of the Admiralty, for .water. /Therewith : that youthful brewer pre "bently returned/and handed it to the noble : thirsty soul, evidently, thinking that a flagon of i treble X would be a much more hygienic beverage, but probably also thinking that, next /thing to porter; aqua impura [Thames] was boat, ?or at least ' decidedlv" nreferable to Bord AMIT «with thouduty off,, y At this, abomination in the patriot placeman's nostrils £1,200 a-year can '?alone induce^him to wink while he gulps it .from Stine- haïjdp ',of, . Ganymede, Gladstone, that, .ehopfaljen icup-bearer, '' by , the way, ,hav- ing quite'. .' recovered ¡-. : the intoxication he had' been labouring "under', from 'the fumes °of :- his own- vapouring !in - respect rtq the highly:druggçd,, posset tho.treaty- budget, the bitter¡dregs whereof he will have to drain «re tho dog-days come round j hear as they are. In a "double 'senso' Bright ,was the lion of the. Lower House last riigh'tj and took the British ' lion by, tho beard in a fashion the Broadlands Hercules himself would have hardly attempted, namely, by openly demanding tho liberation of his brother-in-law, Leatham, from' the fangs of tho, Attorney- General, touching the Wakefield bribery and corruption prosecution. ' Probably, no man livjng, or that has lived, since the in- vention of schedule A at all events, would have ; Ventured to address the house!'thus plainly on '' behalf of-an implicated relative ; and the indul- gence shewnbim is a striking evidence of the isound position he holds in that assembly whore j ([he ought to bo (regarded as a most obnoxious ^nuisance, if a tenth part were true of the jour-j v'nalistic gibberish . about- his impracticality, Ifdogmatism, combativeness, hostility to institu- tions, and the rest QÎ . tho chatter-box ^catalogue. While!. speaking in favour of foone brothor-in-law, last night, there was ¿immediately jbohind him another brother- -in-law, Leatham. Number Two, M.P. for ^Huddersfield, the young author of that ch ar ni- bing medioval novel - of Charmione, the 'love ¿.scenes .in which-would warm the heart of Mrs., I Pry, and bas probably set .. the heart of many a' ¡í;8Í8tor Quakeress in a ñame ero this. Not only 'ibas the imaginative banker fof the firm of ¡LoathamíTow, and Ctn] written a glowing fiction, but be has callod over, tho coals a.fire-eating, or, at least adire-bceathing personage, who had been blazing away at -his brother,'the alleged Wake ?field delipquent, namely,' Malins, M.P. for Wal- lingford, who, of course, said that what ho, had said was:, said, in' a. Pickwickian sense ; .and' therefore Loatharn said'that be had-no more to Bay on the aforesaid, pnd) both said they, were flatisfiod".whlch'' they might have said atv- tho -outset. "However,, it is, something to say ..that, ono of the progeny pf Penn.is as peppery as a porcupine, and shoots a quill that goos ^through (the rhinoceros hide of a tory lawyor, rri'orepar ticularlyrat a timé like this when .ali those parchmonted paladins aro up in the stirrups . BB -if getting ready to charge down upon the Trea- sury oncó moro. . Broughton, thougbnobody seemed to tako notico of- him, was really- tho most notable figure in the Peers on Monday night. Unless :ono know it was aotually ho, nobody could be 'llevo that ho waa tho Gam Hobhouse of other days. , Ltis"upwards of half a century since he set out for the East, with Byronj who,bas been .dead these six-and-thirty years. " Ada, sole daughter of the houBe and heart?* of the poet was'nt' born till ten years after that, journey ; vet she is dead, leaving a. son, aged twenty-six, behind ber. Her husband, Byron's son-in-law, Earl Lovolaee, and the poet's cousin, the pre- sent Lord Byron, were both absent from the Peers', division on Monday ,night ; for thoro then lay- doad - the poet's widow, the Miss Millbank of infelicitous matrimonial memory. But tho Hobhouse of Childe Harold was not absonr. Ho was thero, looking as lively as ho did in thoso days, for livelior he could not look. It has often boon said be foro boro that hois infinitely tho youngest of all tho aatediluvians. Talk of Brougham, Lyndhurst, Lansdowno, Campboll, nay, of Montalombort's otornal youth,""tho Juvonilo Whig himsolf, they aro all cripplos compared to buoyant Broughton do Giffard Broughton. His noso is as hooked, his coroploxion ns rubicund, hts clotbos as glossy, his hat ns shiny, his step as clastic, as whon tho rat last stood undor a cata- ract of doad dogs, bosido old Sir Glory Burdott, on Oovont Garden hustings, and triad to Îorsuado his anea onthusiastia friends, but nov/ nfuriatod furios, tho cabbage-women, that he abominated cats with nlno tails, though occa- sionally obligod to scratch backs with them. That ho contrives to koop suoh health and api-, fits is really onough to oonvert one of tho Pre- mier's bellof that thora is no such thing ns ori- ginal Bin, nor second-hand sin either.' When : Yob was boing convoyad from Canton to Cal cuting Wingrove .Cooke, wa«.lost-in^astonish ' ment at' the'1 babe-like 'sïumb'ers.enjoyed by the celestial homicide of hecatombs.;. But what signified such trifles compared io that stupen- dous tragedy, the Cabool catastrophe ; i not brought about by mistake, either of duty or fact, but with as much deliberation as an astro- nomer sits down to calculate an eolipse, and to announce it when he has fixed it. ,: 