CRICKET. The newly-created club-" Tho United Vic- toria Eleven"-could not havo made their debut under moro propitious circumstances than those of yesterday. Not only was the weather all that the moBt ardent cricketer could desire, but the Eloven met antagonista to he beaten by whom will bo no disgrace. Much as this match has boon discussed, much as the ovont has been p. subject of anticipation, thero wore fow^ v>ho witnessed the play yesterday who did not leave the ground pleased with tho performances of, wo may almost say, every member of either team. To say that the play was good would scarcoly be giving sufficient meed of appro- bation. To say that it was equal to thai exhibited on eithor of tho occasions of the intercolonial matches, is merely re-echo- ing tho opinion unanimously expressed by the observers of the gamo yesterday. On account of the Caledonian "oxcitolnent in a neighbouring reserve, there wero but few ladies to grace the ground with their presence; but the usual habitues-thoso to whom an attrac- tion must bo great indeed to tako them away from thoir favourite sport-mustered in great force ; still the attendance was hardly so nume- rous as the merits of the game deserved, Oi as tho expenses incurred by the Eleven re- quired. About 3 o'clock Wills arrived, truoto appointment, and his appearance at tho Pavilion was greeted with truly cricketers' applause. In his play ho was tho " Wills" of old. Dodging about, as if composed of indiarubbor Bprings-now making ono of his old Rugby hits, and then Elaying tho ball in that peculiar manner which as so much characterized him in this colony. Makinson, tho latest addition to our cricketing corps from tho old country, bowled on tho part of tho Melbourne men. Ilis stylo is pretty ; and if he did not do much execution in this his first match, ho showed that ho will be a moat valuable acquisition as soon as ho has a little moro prac- tice. Maco, in whom an old familiar player is recognized, did very well, his batting being good, and his holding at point proving most trouble- some to his opponents, especially to J. B.Thomp- son, who showed a peouliar desire to givo him plenty of work. Of tho latter gentloman, wo ara glad to say that ho played very well, scoring 14 before yielding to a ball from Elliott. His retire- ment from the hold might to Bomo cxtont be ac- counted for by his having to face tho sun a short time previous to its sotting, and when it interferes with tho sight most materially. Great improve- ment was visiblo in the backstopping of Wardill, he only allowing one bye to be scored. The Eleven wero the iirst to go to the wickots, Smith and T. Huddlestouo being opposod to the bowl- ing of Costick and M'Donnell. Smith-the only ono of tho Eloven who did so-retired with a round figuro against_ his namo, his companion making 5 beforo being bowled out by Costick ; " Gid" added 4 to tho score ; and John Huddlo stono, before being caught out by M'Donnell off Costick's bowling, made 14. Maco and G. Mar thull added each his quota of 13. Bryant was Btopped in his career through placing the ball gently into J. B. Thompson's hands, after scoring C. Ross, that troublesome left-hander, made f onio of his usual good hits, and added 12 to tli3 list before a ball from M'Donnell, who had just resumed bowling, interfered with tho perpendicu- larity of his wickot. S. Hopkinson obtained 21 by steady play ; and Tom Wills _mado_ 26 before a mistake on the part of Boak, in giving a catch to Wardill, necessitated their joint retirement. On the part of tbo Melbourne men, tho fielding v>as very good, but was distinguishable more from the individual feats performed than from the general play. The total score of tho Eleven was 127, 8 of which wero included in tho miscel- laneous score of byos, wides, &c.; Considering the extra number in the Cold, tho score miy bo looked upon as a good beginning for the " United," and to augur well for their succoss when playing with some of tho up country clubs. Wardill and Crawley were tho first to go in against tho largo score of their opponents, and by their united efforts mndo 15. Thompson, on joining the former, kept up tho gamo for soma time, causing the backors of tho Eloven to rofer to their "booka." "Byes" stood a good friend to the in- players-Smith allowing eight to pa3j him. Thompson's retirement was followed by that of Wray and Fraser, noither of whom added much to the score. At the time of the stump 3 being drawn Jacomb and Morgan wero on the field. The following is tho score up to the present, time; tho game being resumed this day. We' reserve tho analysis of tho bowling until Mon- day :- ? UNITED VICTORIA ELEVEN. Smith, b Costick . 0 T. Huddleston©, b Costick .. .. .. 5 G. Elliott, b M'Donnoll . 4 J. Huddlostono, o M'Donnoll, b Costick.. IS Mace, b Makinson. 13 G. Marshall, o Costick, b Makinson .. l8 J. Bryant, u Thompson, b Costick.. .. 5 Ross, b M'Donnoll. 12 S. Hopkinson, o Frasor, b Fraser.. .. 21 Wills, notout. 2(5 Boak, o Wardill, b Costick. 4 Byo, 1 ; leg-byes, 2 ; wides, 4 ; nobah, 1 8 Total ."Ï27 MEMOUIIXE CIiOB (FIFTEEN). Wardill, b Wills . 0 Crawloy, b Elliott. 0 J. B. Thompson, b Elliott. 14 Fraser, b Willa . 1 T. F. Wray, b Elliott . 0 0\. Morgin, not out. Jacomb, not out . Byo«, 8 ; log-byo, 1 ; wide?, 2 : .. .. II Total .41 STUART'S EXPEDITION.-It is now a long timo since tho Stuart breakfast took placo ; and if the public wero not crotty forbearing, they would before this havo raised an outcry ogainst the detention of tho promised diary and chart of the late exploratory journey. It was at once ad- mitted on all hands that Mr. Stuart should not divulgo tho secrets of his trip until ho had got clear away upon his socond journey; although, perhaps, the majority of thoso who thus con- sented to gag the press did not really soo any necessity for doing so. Mr. Stuart might havo sent Ins diary to Melbourne on tho day that ho quitted Adelaide, and might have proclaimed-" Catch who can," in the face of Burke and his waggons, Landells and his camels. But this was not insisted on ; it was agreed that the public should sit in darkness till Stuart had obtained such a start of his rivals as to leave them not tho ghost of a chanoo. Well, lias ho not now been away quite long enough, and what decent pretoxt is there tor longer secrecy as to the details of his past trip ? It ap- pears that tho chief delays-we know not from what cause-wero prior to Stuart's reaching Mount Remarkable, which place ho loft on the 14th inst., with his second in command, Mr. Kekwick, the rest of tho party boing in ad- vance. Mr. Chambers, we are told, had every- thing ready for tho party at his most northerly station ; and, all things considered, we should really like to be told what reason there is for keeping back the particulars of the last trip. It cannot be Mr. Stuart that wishes it ; we do not believe Mr. Chambers wishes it ; why, therefore, is it done? As to Mr. Burke's overtaking Mr. Stuart, the idea ia too ludicrous to be entertained for a moment. Mr. Burke, like Mr. Babbage, is overwhelmed with the weight of his baggage ; and it is doubtful whether ho will ever cross the continent at all. Certainly, the idea of his over- taking and outstripping Stuart is an absurdity. Wo hope, therefore, that the Government will at onco take measures to place the facts and records of Mr. Stuart's recent journey beforo the public. The community havo bought these records ; they have voted tho Bum necessary for the expedition now on its way out, expressly on condition that Stuart's diary and chart shall bo public proporty. Now, why are they so long kept back? The idea that Burke is going to beat Stuart is pusillani- mous in tho extreme. Ho cannot do it ; and if the people of South Australia are to be longer kept in ignorance as to the recent exploration of the interior, we hope some more convincing rea- son will be alleged than any wehave yet heard of. -South A ubtraltan Advertiser. STRANGD CASE.-Mrs. William Reid, of Hey- wood, to whom wo briefly referred in our last as having been missing from the previous Wednes- day, has not yot been heard of, although her friends have made ceaseless search for her, and tho mounted police have scoured tho country in ovory direction. It appears that she did not leave her homo to look for cows, as was at first supposed, but in consequenco of Bomo mental perplexity, the circumstances connected with which aro not clearly_ understood, but are thought to have boen financial, and to havo transpired previous to her marriogo two or thrco months ago. lier husband had juBt gono to bod on Wed- nesday night, about 10 o'clock, whon she left the houso, without hor bonnet, having first kissel him. No suspicion of anything wrong at first occurred to her husband, but ho thought it strange, and immediately got up and followed her, but was unable to discover in what direction sha had gone. She had, with her husband, boen on gagod in tho composition of some versos, whioh ?wore "ft ni her husband's possession incomplete, and on tho back of these versos she had written : " My dearly beloved husband,-I love but you nlono. I hupe you will forgive mo for this rash net. May God direct my stops, for my lot his been a hard one, and a wounded spirit who cm bear ? 1 blamo' myself only. Be kind to your luothor, ami everyone will be kind to you." From the tenor of these words it was apprehended she might have destroyed herself, but this does not appear, us all the water-holes in tho neighbour- hood have been dragged, without discovering hor, Sho is quite a young woman, not 19 till February next.--Portland Chronicle, Nov. 27. 