PIOHI BMWr.ES BIUSIOI, DIM, t A.:VD TIRK IJK1OH5, FOR tlOO. - This event, which for the last three weeks has created aome excitement among the admirers of the art of aelf defence in tho neighbourhood of the Big Hill works, camo off, according to nriiclcs, on Monday last. From tho time of binding the match by a deposit, each man took every pains to denudflhimsellof all superfluous flesh, —a proceeding highly necessary to iho Uriatolian. who,' when the match was made, soemed likely to rival the Australian youth in obeaity. Ho lost no time, however, in getting into fettle, nnd availed himself of the ablo advice anil assistance of Stove Forster, than whom a more able trainer could not bo found, particularly' as ho himself is in training for his thousand yards race with Howell Davies. In order that the ' affair ' might be brought oft' en regie, tho Unknown secured tho services of Joe Goodyer (the former opponent of Fred Smith) nnd LliJillct as bis seconds. Bristol Bill sent a com munication to iho renowned Harry Sailors, in Mel bourne, inviting him to undertake tho responsibility of his adviser-in-chief ; but as the message arrived rather lato in tho week, and as ihcre. is jomc difficulty in travel ling to Big Hill on n Sunday, he was unwilli: gly nbsent. Had the fight taken place on tho usual day, Tuesday, ho would undoubtedly have seconded tho winner. We are unable to ( lvo our readers any particulars of tho Unknown, who doubtless had very good reasons for preserving his incognito. Of Bristol Bill, on the con-' trnrv, tho task is easy, inasmuch as wo have seen all his previous fights. Bill's first appearance in thia colony was with Harry Strangwidge, for L25, in April, '59, near the Melbournu racecourse, where, after a despcrato en counter of thirty rounds, the fight was ended by the appcaranco of the 'blues.' Bill then had so much tho best that the backers of Strangwidgo compromised the affuir by giving our hero £'A'i out of tho stakes. His second appearance was with John Burko on the 21st o£ June following. This meeting took place in tho aarao ring in which Harry Sallara and Dick Hunt fought; and ' filer 03 rounds had been got through, in which^he Brintolia-1 mauled his antagonist moat effectually, darkness put nn end to the contest, tho betting at tho termination being 3 to 2 on Bill. Tho men met again on tho following Saturday, when, after fighting twenty four rounds in true give and tako stj le, tho referee do cided that Bristol had lost by going down without o ' blow. It wns perhaps fortunate that that decision was ? given, for Bill had been fighting for a long timo with a : broken collar bone, and could not have won. Since that period he has followed his avocation 01 quarryman, and ? has been employed on the works at the Big Hill. Leaving that portion of the subject, wo will now return to tho events of last Monday. The parties deputed to manage tho affair selected a very appropriate spot, about three miles and a half from the Big Hill, and seven from Sandhurst, on which by nine o'clock a largo number of stalwart diggers, navvies, and others, admirers of tho art pugilistique, were assembled. Tbo Unknown was tho lirst tci tnrnw 1113 gauntlet — we beg pardon, bat — into tho ring, which ho soon followed, accompanied by the seconds mentioned abovo. The Bristol hero shortly after put in an appearance, nttended by Steve Forater and another. The toss for choice of corners wns won by the Unknown, and tho belligerents then proceeded to doff ' their Hnperfluous toggery. After all the necessary preli minaries wero adjusted, some betting took place at ovens. Wo may hero observe that circumstances prevented onr usual representative from attending lost Monday, and we aro therefore indebted to nn eye-witness for the fol lowing description of THE FIGHT. Round 1. Both men spurred cuutiuusly, Bill with his left very extended, as if to measure his' opponent, who, however, pcoinod in every way prepared for the impend ing attack. Tho Unknown at length, fancying ho saw un opening, let fly with his left, but waa short. Bill then dashed in, and administered a tremendous spank on tho ' proboscis of his adversary, which sent the gravy flying. ? This was a staggerer, and odds were freely offered on tho Bristol hero. {First blood for Bill.) Bill advanced, and on renewing the fight was countered on the forehead. Kx phangea in favour of'Bill, whoso blows were most effective Tbo men then broko ground, and n renewal of thesparring '? took place, till Bill tried hia left and was countered, but . not heavily. Bill then rallied in with both hands, his light reaching his opponent's dexter oglo with tremen dous force (Loud shouts, nnd ' 3 to I on Bristol.') During the sparring which ensued, the mouso on the Unknown's right squinter increased so much in size as to lead the spectators to surmise thut it would soon shut ont the daylight. Bill ml^ed with his left, and waa . heavily countered on the neck, which sent him to grass. Thia round occupied 7 minutes. 2\. Bill camo up smiling, nnd commenced operations with his left on his opponent's ' undamaged' optic, and getting fluBh on it, there was every probability of that also going into mourning. (-1 to 1 on Bill.) Fighting under an immense disadvantage, the Unknown con tinued to wait for and counter his opponent, but bis '. blows lacked precision. In un exchange with the left ? llristol wns again sent down, but whether from the force ofhis own blow, or that of hia opponent, was not clenr. 3\. Bristol first at tho scratch. On hia antagonist being foot to foot, Bill led off left and right, tho latter weapon rending its destination— the damaged lamp. Tho Unknown returned with deaperatlon, in tho hops , probably that a chance hit might turn tho battle in his favour. Tho friends of the ' dark 'un ' looked unut terable things when Bill followed his man to his comer '? nnd fought him down. . .', 4\. Though it was evident that tho novice had not tho ' ghost of a chance, to the surprise of uianv he agnin came to the scratch. After measuring bis distance, Bill job- ? bed his adversary heavily on tho conk, at tho samo time stopping the intended counter Thi3 bo ropeated at in terval?, till tho Unknown went down weak in his own corner. His seconila, Beeing that bo had no chance, ond that in continuing the contest ho would be unnecessarily exposed to very severo punishment, very wisely threw up the sponge. REMARKS. . Tims ended a fight which everyone in the vicinity of tho Big Mill imagined would bo n slashing mill, but ? which turned out u most one tilled affair. Tho Unknown lias certainly mistaken his avocation iu supposing ho is capable of meeting even u third or fourth-rato man in tho P.R. He might have used his mawleya less inglorionsly on this occasion, but that tho punch on tho no«o ho received in the first round seemed to knock all the : fitthtoutofhi.m. Bristol Bill amply justified the expecta tions of his friends. Though apparently slow at leading off, he is n heavy hitter when ho viecls his adversary. In this, his fourth appearance in the ring in this colony, bo baa hud no opportunity of showing his pluck ; his for mer antagonists, though, woro pretty good men, and Bill may safely bo put down as n good trial horse for any novice. Tho fight lasted twenty-seven minutes. Iho spectators wero somewhat compensated for their disappointment in the abovo aflairiiy n merry mill fora L5 purso Irelwcen two aspirants for iimic honours. This fight, improvised on the ground, lasted an hour and a half, and though no greut amount of science waa dis played, yet hard hitting and indomitable pluck amply made up for it. 