HUNTING. '—??*» »avsa.T:, T^! 'immlcrs were, unfortunately for theajsel\cs, absent. ThTCiVdrw ™ the famed ^illinmso,^ paudocKbn. 'J.1.D....J. ni,n,,t „ milo distant, nnd no sooner i we re the bounds I rownn and some half dozen of the lead°nB hor 'c' 'en bad jumped tho fence at the corner from theroad, than with a sudden crash of music the cntTro pack broke off at railroad paoe, and » booming kanmroo was viewed bounding away about 100 ynrds Sthem. The timber and wattles wore so thick that U was botb hard and dangerous work to keep within cither sight or hearing for the first threo miles of 1 burst, and many unlucky fellows dropped so far be bind before lho open was reached, that tl.eir chances were clean puf out. Tho lino nt first was towards Swan Bav. but it turned to tbo left, shortly after leaving t ic sea coast, the kangaroo heading back towards tho neighbourhood where bo was found. Up to this ponr , tho coins was through uncleared land, with plenty ci fences, and rery'disacreeable to ride. On reaching Snroat's, tho enormous now log fenco was n regular stopper, for its contract height wns 5 ft. G in. ; howoycr, some of tho young Bcllcrine farmers quick|y dism,ouuteil, ami removed the top sapiingS, Uioiigu' uir. Frazer, on Chance, gallantly jumped it clean where it could not havo been less Ihim 5 ft. 3 in. The road was now crossed, arfd then at full split the field hammered through Williamson's paddock, until tho water hole, where the came was lost whon tho Melbourne hounds wero down hero, was reached. Hero a sharp bend was mado to tho right, over an enclosed counlry composed mainly of cross and cultivation, and that proved slashing riding. A stop was nearly put to tho 'old man's' career at this period, as he crossed a garden, for ho got entangled in tho fence, and the owner of tho plot told afterwards that ho was almost catching him by the tail us he struggled through: The lucky followors of this splendid clia.se, now select indeed, continued their gallop milo after mile, over leap after leap, until Elliott's was Been behind them to lho right, and ns they boro towards tho Queenscllff road, it soomeil ns if nothing but the toll-bnr could pull up their Cyiae quarry. Bellows to mend it began to bo with all, and Urummagcin had to bo freely applied to enable mo?t to keep near the indus trious pack, of whom Rosebud maintained the lend throughout. At length, just whon gravo doubts began to nriso ns to what they could bo running after (for none of tho first-flight men had viewed at tho start, nor was there any sighting throughout), a ' tallyl.o ' was raistd by the foremost man, as his horso roso in tho air over some brush, andakangaroo was viewed, reding from ex haustion, some eighty yards befoio tho leading hounds. Madcap was tho first to rush at him, but the big fellow seized her with his short anna, and it was only through Rosebud pinning him by tho throat, and the now Adelaide hound, Travellor, seizing him by tbo root of tho tail, that her lifo was saved. As it was, there was great difficulty iii loosing tho bravo bitch from his dying embrace. A ringing 'whoo-nop!' celebratod the ob sequies and breaking np of the largest kangaroo, in my belief, ever killed by n pack of heunds. Hisquartcrs and tail, which are a curiosity to look nt, nro to be sent, with the Club's compliments,.to His Excellency. The kill was barely six miles from Geclong, and tho distnnco from point to point, as ' a crow flies,' more than thir teen miles. NIMROD'd GHOST. 