« Af;jr3f« mems. x-mora s-armarEY. f fhoh oun owk coiiiiksi'djidestO Sydney, 1st Aunust. DEAn Bull,— Tho three days that have passed since tho dato of my Inst letter have furnished but little matter of interest.' Tho rain, however, seems to have loft us, and Monday nnd yesterday wero fine. I think I told you that tho roof ef tho Knndwick stnnd hnrt been carried nwny, nnd somo other mischief had been done. T do not- imagine, after all, that tho effect «f tho rain ... iL» *.t«nlnrr rrrniinrl Will 1)P flR ifnimniiq fin wnt fonrAri otonotimoj at nny rato I believe, from tho sandy natuio of Iho course, that a week or two of fine weather will make all right ngnin. What with the rain and other causes, but little has been dono cither by horsei or their backers sinco Saturday; and now tho absonco of many bettors at Maitland causes a very perceptible want of life, Many speculators are doubtless waiting to see what noes will 'bo left in when tho acceptances aro declared, nod I shall not be at nil nstonished to seo business molly brisk after that ceremony has been gone through to-night I enn us yet gives but n faint idea as to what ? 1 -t.nl.. #/\ (nrCn'lt (llifl Tin DMO PnPIIig tn VnniV tnnnll linf, rt»» than mysolf. The matter of Wildrake's nomination came beforo the Jockey Club for consideration on Monday. You know tho horso waa entered to run as n six- yrold, when, in fcet, ho is only five. Mr. Duppa, who was in New Zealand when tho entries were mado, had nothing to do wjth tho mistake, and very naturally wns anxious that Ilia horso should run la what ho really is, instead of being mado to carry tho weight for n year older. This the club havo determined on allowing him to do, so that he will carry Pat lib, instead of 'Jst-Dlb, with which im post !-ia name has hitherto been coupled. I Imvo heard nothing of any of tho horses within tho last day or two, lut I believe they aro all ripht. jUr. Redwood hns taken Io to Maitland, but I don't think sho is forward enough to pay her expenses this ttip. Even supposing l-.or to win a race, sho won't afford much of a criterion of Strop or tho Champion filly;, for they must bo a deal better than Io beforo they can havo a ghost of n chnnco for the great race. Mr. Redwood thinks a good deal of Strop's chance, or I am mucli mis token; lint I can't seo what prospect of success ho can iavo if tho Buck comes fit to tho post. Put tho latter out of the question, and it would bo euch nn open raco that I can't see exactly what would bo mado first favour ite. I fear that Strop's companion, tho maiden filly, can hardly bo forward enough, especially after the Into rains. 1 am quito of opinion that, bad as n stoppage of woik just at this moment may be for nil horses, it tolls moro against a backward three-yr-old than any other. Tho rain has recommenced, nnd looks as if it mennt lasting. Mnitlnnd races nro postponed for a week, in consequence, I imagine, of tho wet; and tho 'Sydney division,' who went to Maitlnnd on Monday night, will now havo to kick their heels for a week, or return to their homes in disgust Everything is dull nnd flat as can be. We hnd a little pedestrianism on Saturday afternoon, Mr. Cldik, a Sydney 'man of books' having backed himself to walk round linndwick course in fifteen min utes, Old Timo or his friends laying 20 to 7. Tbo courso ?was very heavy, but tho gentleman did his work pretty comfortably, finishing tho milo nnd a qunrter in 14 rain, and 10 seconds. Mr. Goydcr then showed at tho post; having, overnight, laid oven money that ho would per form the snmo feat- He wont ofT at n great bat, and, Tilth 5 to 1 laid freely against his doinir tho distanco in fourteen mimies, completed his task in 13 minutes and 2G seconds. Not bad work, through dirt, for ono who Trail's but little and seldom. Tuesday, 7ih August. Sinco my last it has been raining heavily, almost without intermission ; and when Friday arrives, wo ?hall havo had three whole necks of it. Of courso horses can do very little, some, in fact, nothing; nnd if this weather lasts but n litllo longer, thoy will be nn illcon ditioned lot that ihow for tho great race. Under exist ing circumstances the difficulty of picking out the winner, or even tho likely ones, is' much increased, though tliohorBcs that wero most forward thrco weeks sinco must have a great fldvanlago ; nnd I consider tho Rich mond division derive a considerable ' pull ' from having ground to gallop on in spito of tho rain. Tlim I should suppose your Flying Buck to bo aa vtoll in as anything just now. Mr. Bavin speaks encouragingly nnd hope fully of him ; und tho great public Eecins to fancy nothing elso. Deception is highly spoken of as regards her form, so thnt I seo no reason to alter my opinion about her. Sho muBt be very bandy: Wnimea (lato Sister to Zoo) wns hardly as for ward as I crnld have wished, when work was stopped by the rain ; but I shall still stick to her, for want of Eomctliiitg better to pin ray faith on. Veno and Gratis are anid to ho well ; they can havo dono but littlo sinco the rain came, and Mr. Duppa'a two, with Xot (all at Kandwick), 'must hnvo had next to no work for tho Inst thrco weeks. Moss Rose is in riyht good fettle atllome lush, where is nlso Mninstny. ns right as a trivet. A3 far as bettinor goes, tho declaration of acceptances has made but littlo difference in tho stnto of the odds. The Buck remains at much about his provioua price, and 100 to 40 would bo taken to monoy; but whether tho book3 ate all full against him, or 'layers nro afraid of him, certain it is that nothing over 2 to 1 is even talked about. Next to tho favourite I may now rank Zoo and Veno, the former of whom has been backed at 8 to 1, ?while Veno seems to have a great many admirers. To «Bsign a position to Camden is a difficult matter, ns I have not heard a bet made about him for ages, but I supposo him to rank with Strop, Deception and Wnimeo. Of tho others, nothing has been backed but Wildruke, Bt 1000 (o 50, nnd Mag on tho Wing nt 100 to 5. Mr. Itcilwood sticks manfully to Strop, nnd fully boMoves in his beating nil Iho old ones- Ho must bo a great deal teller than ho hns been for twelve months, to havo any chanco of winning. liolll Air. Itpf1u*nml nmT Afr T1nnr-n Iuva lm/ilrnd 41ini* opinion that tho rnco \t ill bo dono under six ir.inutei1, dencnilinir, I imagine, on Strop nnd Camdon : but from Tvhat I l.nvo ecen of tho oourao, ovon without the Mo mid, I think it must bo cither tho Buck or n tlnoeyr oM, to do thrco miles on it in that time. Tho w. t must ie very much in favour of Camden ; and wo have nl «mly seen him stmgglo homo eo gamely under dltlicul Jits, Hat, if tho around ho sr ft on the d»v, ho might i»ke a Ecod deal of shaking off. Mainttny' ought to ho at homo through diit, and ho is or was about as forward asun* thing. ? ni^'''','n ''° I1'9' 'ew ''nJ9i n postponement of tho UJinpionrcco hns been hinted nt, on account of tho impossibility of gotting horEes fit. I never heard tf n reeling being put off for such n reason ; and I imagine lint Bliould tho weather on tho proposed dny not bo such -s to prevent raoiDg, tho raco must ho run as advertised. otmo men of things may I'O formed from tho foot that -™y yo-terday Mr. Duppn had terious thoughts of taking mi lior.es nwny to Now Zealand at once, rather than tomnin lioro and bounablo to train them. mtkst i)KTmo —Thcro has been a rush to back Jiiagon-the.Wing, her owner having put a centurv on rZI 1 t0 '? Mainstny wna also backed latt nigfit nt wu to 40, and 100 to 20 taken about Deception nnd ;; a'ntn coupled. 100 to 50 has been taken twice about vie favourite, and I don't think much moro can bo got leJiiy'n1 nl. mt Prico- Tho Iftlc3t quotations arc: 'JJ ''W'FlylnKlluclctk) =0 to 1 agst Mngonthe j,,nj!11°»R'- Zoc (tk) Wing (tk to 10(0 too to in° '''i;™ -«-- 15 to 6 lluck v. S rop (Ik) 'to o S SK' fjnln»'!»y -'-) 100 even Strop v. Camden (tk) WMmcfcoupM1'10' mi 3l°l Str°P Vl M'iaitay (tl° » ii°ALSr~;Tl10 rnmou-i ohl mi re. Norn Crcina, dropped ?miy.iOlt ty Illdia' Warrior, r.\ Woodlands, o!i the 'lib Eiic'laml C1(5hteenth nnnivcrsnry of he- departure from th?tAiT!jA!i' 'AOES, N.S.W.— Wo loarn l.y telegram i»u\w ?' sn,cc'eile-J 1' landing a Maiden l'late nt lut, ?K \Vli° rown 1-lltc S^mrock h»t both I.nu 'stina and Ben Bolt, the great chestnut l.oiutj last. t«t™ V .'? Ma'k«'— Hy I''' last steamer from Laun Win V- ilir bl00(l 'mr'' froln tius u'-«-'«J'»(: Mud Of Mr. ha cm if t! 1rii,vcd nt G''°'H. «'' ' »[»«l«l visit to tbo garctnof Bolar.lo, at Bnnron Park. Vhreo of .hem aro Omr.7yTi0ut of w«'-kmwu Ua.na, and the other bv order , i 7 'ro '' ''?'' 'inrss, and t:,:id.;.t In gooil 0™«, under tho enro of Neap. b Sn-p,I'0'IAS ST1«wAi!n iron tiii: (Set.-oxn AtvriUi.iAN 52 11'AKI!8TTh0 followill(»' le!t^ hai btcn riceived CeauLIlllWlc?'on:-' To lho Co'onlsta of Victorin, tralian I l A','1 llcsircl1 brv tlicComniittco of Iho Am c ari I °y Club t0 bc« the furour of V01' cl«'»« » Junovf-,1repr(sc'tVicloria ?'-'? '10 »bove raco, to be t«'bcr Uri'i0 r'e,w.-;our6» at linndwick on the 1st of Sop di 1 1 ,„ vXt;~J lmvo 'l0 honour to be, vour most obo »«tlnrco1f\JTK,KV C'-''--'J'l.o general Imlf-ycirlv « 1 1 nidi i°,J?fkcy, Clllb- wllic' w'9 to ''live been hcl'd »'« lho l,?Ert(.Mo''tlionMondnvl.-,stI Btandaadlourned «m bo',, 'f.. fortnight, when th« now rules of .'he club heMthes-ini !l -A '''--»'« 'f the ,.ommitlt-e was Pw'«w1,«M1Sem1nB.butiIoll,liiB of any ,,;1blic 1m Tlmrsilav »v«MP . Tho comlIli'« met rgalii on lloetl, BV,, ,w 'S- Wllcn tho PfOKruinino for llio Spring Hco, o,ol i l ln?5' llK-ro «o sven that lh«re uro .-ix *M'ty Will fin iy- '' '''t'l'orscs of cvorv :1qe an r wm flna oiigngeiucati for tUtiasclvM.' 