DISCLOSURES AT NAPLES. The. Naples correspondent of the Daily News, writing on the 10th, states that he had an interview with Francisco Casanova, who had just been delivered from the Neapolitan dungeons. He looked like a ghost, and appeared bewildered. He related his story as follows :-" I landed in Genoa, from Boston, some time in 1853, and wishing to see the south of Italy, travelled till I came near to Viterbo, when I was cautioned not to go to Rome ; but I still persevered in my intention of doing so, when I was arrested as not having a passport, and carried to the Eternal City, where I was placed in the Careers Nuovo. Not satisfied with the report I gave of myself, I was tortured for three months as follows Early hands and arms were bound together, and then, by ropes tied round the upper part of the arms, they were drawn back till my breast protruded, and my bones sounded ' crick, crick.' There was another species of torture practised upon me, which was this At night, whilst sleeping, the door was secretly opened, and buckets of water were thrown over my body.' Now I survived it I cannot tell ; the i keepers were astonished, and said they never had such an instance I ' but you will never get out alive, I was told. I replied that I never expected to do so, and prayed for the angel of death to come. The worst torture of all, however, was the prison itself-a room into which a few rays of light struggled from above, and the stench of which was as bad as death. For ; three months I suffered thus, and then, without any reason assigned, was taken from it, and placed, always alone, in a room called ' Salon des Press,' a large airy room, and was well fed and well treated for twenty-one months more. I was prisoner of the ( Cardinal Secretary Antonelli. About the middle of 1865, again, without any reason being given, I was sent off to Naples, was placed first in the Victoria, and afterwards in San Francisco, in a small close room, where I was detained for four years and a half. I was questioned on several occasions, and at last refused to answer, saying that my persecutors already knew what I had to say, that I was unjustly and illegally confined, and nothing should compel me to utter another word On another occasion I was called before Bianchini, the director of police, who interrogated me. I appealed against my sufferings, and all the reply I received was Va bene, va bene,' from a Christian man to one suffering as I was. I have been asked to send a supplication for my libera- tion, but my invariable answer was, I will die first ; never will I ask anything of this Government. When first I arrived here I had a little money, which for a short time procured me better food than prison fare, and then by degrees I sold my clothes. At last I sold my black bread to have a little salt to sprinkle over my beard, and sometimes to procure some in- cense to relieve the horrid stench of my prison. As for water for purposes of cleanliness, it was never supplied me, and all that I could do was to dip one of my own rags in a jug of drinking water, and wash some portions of my body. During the day I could repose, but at night I was covered with black beetles, fleas, lice, and every con- ceivable species of vermin. I expected death, and prayed for it as a relief, but it never came. My clothes were at last so reduced that I was all but naked, and so I have passed four summers and winters, pacing up and down my narrow chamber. ' I will show you my prison dress,' said he and going out, returned in a few moments. He might have stood as a model for Lazarus risen from the tomb. The lower part of his body was covered with a thin pair of linen drawers, nothing more. On his feet wore a pair of shoes, with soles and upper leathers all in Wes. He had no shirt, but over the upper part of his body was thrown a rag, something like a common kitchen towel, one corner of which he had placed on his head, as the long elfin locks, which had not been cut for many years, hung down over his neck and shoulders. He appeared more like a brute beast than a Christian man. See this rag,' said he how I have botched in This was my dress, and so glad I paced up and down my solitary den,' " Writing again, on the 14th, the correspondent describes the changed state of feeling In Naples : " I do not know Naples now, so changed is its aspect. Faces that I have not seen for twelve years appear in every street and square. They have come from foreign exile, from confinement in some frontier town or village ; from some voluntary lurking place, the retirement to which was their only security from persecution ; from the prison and the bagnio ; all have met together again, by hundreds and thousands, in the capital of what was once the Two Sicilies. Revolution is said to turn the dregs uppermost. Yet the appearance, and the manner of those who now appear, on the scene contradict the common proverb in their very attitude there is an air of self-respect and independence to which I have long been a stranger. I do not see the assumption of the swagger of the overbearing, or the timidity of the man who drops his friend and walks on before, because so and so is coming, or whispers and looks over his shoulder for fear that such and such a person is listening. No, all this has passed away, and I meet erect, independent, out-spoken men. My life here has brought me, too, into frequent intercourse with them, and accustomed as I have been to the trivialities and the qualities rendered at first necessary, and afterwards habitual, by despotism, I have been astonished at the new tone of thought and conversation. The Neapolitans now reason and talk like men, and that which gives more hope of them is that there is a degree of self-restraint about them which is in the highest degree credvtable,>fier the sufferings to which they have been so long exposed. It is clear that the intellect of the country has for years been out of it, or | in seclusion, or in imprisonment. Two documents, printed and widely circulated, produced a considerable sensation. The first, a philippic by Settembrini against the Bourbons, sold in every street, and urging annexation ; the second, a letter from De Benedicts, lately a lieutenant in the engineers, in the service of his Majesty, now major in the Pioneers of Garibaldi. Let me now give you a description of some of the external features of the city. We have the likenesses of Victor Emmanuel and of Garibaldi in every shop window, and multitudes crowd round them to admire in short there is at present a. fund for the Re Galanluome and the Hero of Sicily. The streets are patrolled as vigilantly as ever by soldiers, and a state of siege exists all but in name. No civic guard, no police, have as yet been formed, or are visible, and yet take it altogether, the public order has been as great or greater than it was before the scores were removed. Some de- crees published last night appoint Prince Ischitella commandcrofthe National Guards, and name the commanders the twelve. quarters of the city, asalsoanum ber of inspectors of police. I have heard of only one member of this reformed body making his appearance as yet, and that was in the Florentine a few nights since. Francesca di Rimini was the piece performed, and it was received with immense enthusiasm ; but, on a single fell from the inspector, order was immediately restored. He wore on his arm a tri-coloured scarf, and was in plain clothes, and instead of sitting, as was formerly the case, watching the spectators, he turned towards the stage. Some of the members of the old police, who had the imprudence to appear in public, have been attacked this week. The Inspector Cimmino was struck with a knife in the groin near the Strada San Giacomo on Thursday night and the Inspector Spinclli, a follower of Campagna, well known, and feared, received seven knife wounds. Several quarrels, too, have arisen, between the lazzaroni and the military in which the latter got the worst and yesterday orders were sent by the Prefect to the Commandant of the city to hold himself in readiness, as a descent of soldiers was expected on the Pigua Seems. Many of the old police are confined in the old prisons of the Prefecture, whither they have fled for protection. On going to visit the criminals of these prisons I passed through a number of these gentry." The correspondent had visited the underground chambers :-" Several members of the commission appointed to close them themselves once prisoners here accompanied me. A grated door led down to an streamers, which was lighted only through these bars. Stone walls, stone floor-stone everywhere, except the ground, which was covered over with burnt fragments of books that had been taken in domiciliary visits, and destroyed here. ' Here one breathes,' said a pardoned prisoner " but, bring a light,' said he to a gaoler, and we descended from this twilight room into another which received the reflection of the twilight through a hole in the door. It was small, and of stone, nothing but stone-and on the right I observed a stone bed, three feet high from the ground, with on elevation of stone called a pillow. A. door is opened and leads into another room, where no twilight, no reflected twilight, nor a ray of light or breath of air can penetrate. was imprisoned here, said one of my conductors. I looked at him as if expecting to find that he was turned into a brute beast, for it was a den for a wild animal, but not a chamber for a Christian man, in a country teeming with Christ's ministers, and where the holy Apostolic Catholic religion is the only one permitted to be professed. I send you a section of the room, as thus you will perceive that in some parts a man could not stand upright, so that there he lay in Stygian darkness, without any change of air, and on the bare ground, said my friend, * unless he could afford to pay an extortionate price for a mattress to a licensed spy and denounce, who drove a good trade in human misery.' 1 For God's sake let us leave this den I said, and so we groped back into the chamber where the reflection of twilight penetrated. ' Take care,' cries the gaoler, as I stumbled over a mountain of rotten books and papers and now once more we are in the ante camera, which appeared a purgatory as I went down, and now wore the appearance of a paradise. On the opposite side was another criminals, about eleven by five palms, where five or six persons were at times confined. High above the door was a window opening into the gloomy streamers, and through this alone light and air were received. All was stale and dark ; the smell of the prison was rendered yet more inMifferablG hythe stench * which- proceeded from a large white vase just visible by the candlelight in the comer of the room. It was removed once a day. Now mark, who were the men confined in these places not fit for beasts ? Not condemned criminals ; no ! but men arrested on suspicion and waiting for an order for their committal men of rank and education, accustomed to the comforts of home"." Of the old police of Naples nothing remained, nor even the name. The new police will be called " the Direction of Public Safety." The magistracy, the bench, the functionaries in every department, have been changed, any alteration being sure to be a "boon The men of 1848 are now sought out for office, not for torture and imprisonment. The dungeons have given up to daylight captives who have lingered there ever since Mr. Gladstone's visit, a dozen years ago. Fourteen young men (now grown grey) have emerged from sepulchral durance, to which the mere fact of having been at college with Agesilao Milano had consigned them. Athanasio Drammis, a soldier, who had an insignificant note found on his person in Milano's writing, had not heard a human voice or seen the light of the sun the last six years in the vaults of Maria Apparent. No sooner had he realised the idea of his freedom than his first impulse was to start for Garabaldi, wearing the shaggy beard and the indelible traces of the " iron that had entered his soul." One sufferer was found insane, and none could tell his history, save that he had been seven years entombed in the Victoria, and the register indicated his having been sent hither by Antonelli, after three years' previous incarceration at Rome. 