FARMERS'" CALENDAR."" " At this season 'of the year, the ? equinoctial change of weather generally set's iri, bo as to af: ford a copious supply of rain, and ninisteri the lands ; the Farmers are prone to wait for the fal- liog of these rains, in order that the land may be more easily ploughed. This delay is bad for two reasons— first, the land derives much more benefit from being ploughed when dry, than wet ; and secondly, the Farmer loses the opportunity of avil- irig hiihself of the first rain to sow hisseed, instead of Having the land already ploughed for that pur pose. Ploughing then, even by the use of a litr tie extra strength, should have coirimeiiced as soon as the last crops were housed or secured, No de lay should now take place in turbing over the land." Acting under the impression" that if our early Crops t'ai|, the jate onj:s' canuqt succeed, we advise no delay iri sowiug of Oiits, and Cape Bar: ley for green stuff. For, by allowing, these a chance to make a little root and leaf before the cold arid frosts set "-iri, Ihipy m?kl? ;a vjgofpu's shoot qri the first approach of spring, "(J;ats: should not be sown later than' May, except in' the higher and moister districts of the Colony,— and there they should not be sown later than. the roiddjeof June. Newland i? moist' enough' for that purpose, as it is 'much «d- fer to give it ajl ttie sun andjiir possible" before sowing it. In all cases where the new land is a stiffclayey soil, it. will be highly advantageous to tlieFaf met tp let it lie'tyyelve months after plpughy . ip'g without sowing! ' Where manure is spld| it; should be laid on the.laud carefully, no more be-, irig spread in the moruiiig that eau be ploughed down' during the day. . Turriips may etiil be sown ; but it is, to late fdr a generaV'mairi Crop,! unless for the smaller and sweeter varieties for. table use ; and theue will -not be safe, owing' to tlie prevalence of the blight. ? Where it ie, desired" to lay down a field with Qlnver' arid Rye-grass (lie better way will be to Boyr'tne Oats first, arid after" tbese are harrowed in! sow your Glover and- Rye grass seed, immediately passing the back of a light harrow over the Hnd, apd tb'Ari' fpllovfing with the roller. When your piats or "Hay 'is cut, the'blpver or Rye grass will have taken good foot, arid "will come' on. rapidly ...<»!< to hofit Aindin/r nVirtiii Pahpiinrw CiluUglt . LU UU till AUl-IHUlUg VU UUWU A VUI > Potatoes will now generally be fit for taking up: these should he picked from the ground very cleanly. Where a second growth bas set in the fqriner must' exercise his own judgment or that of a: coriipeterii adviser, as to wriether heyyill dig" the first crop, or olloyv the second crop to come! to maturity. . . ? For Seed, we recommend in Oats .the Tartarian as standing first on the list ; next to that; the Por ta'.oe Oat' j this latter has' a much firier.appearsrice for grairi than the, Tartarian. For Wheat, we strongly recommend as the best seed the; White Yelvet, and Prolific : there are, ? however, other varieties that are. very prolific, but db'noi strind ' high as flpuf, grairis, suqhas the Talavera, Lam-: mas, arid pure Egyptian Mummy. Sprang Wheat for an early crop, but we. do not think much of it. ; Continue to' feed cows on Hay or Straw, giving them all ' the outside rough leaves of Mangolds,, &c;';,'arid keep thefn sheltered at night, ' !7 Prpvide' pigs with plenty of clean u.eddirig, and give them all the refuse and tailings of the grain. New Caledonia a . Penal . Settlement. ! A report is current to the effect that the Go? vernrnent of the Emperor of the French, con? ' template the establishment. of a Penal Settle? ment at New Caledonia,' . '!?'We.--'-'arB';iriot-!aV?,rire yvhether any official in fortriatio.ri h.qs . been.! re ceived on the subject; nor. is it likely . that such wouid be the'case,; . The report, however, is ' highly, probable. N.e.W; Caledonia may thus serve :as a nursery for ' -Zouaves,' who, if all accountsare true; -. are not; selected from the. elite of Parisian society .-TT-noiVe,. : The Member for. 'ins- O.vens.- — A move- merit is on foot, in Bqephworth, and a com mittee of miners, has been formed, (or. the pur-; prise, of raising- a fund to pay- Mr Donald, the i newly elected .member for; the Ovens, for his i 'services in Parliatnent. The " Qpristitution " ? supports the proposition, and implies that as : Mr. 'Donalfi came ipjryv.ard openly, and in a straightforward manner, anno.anbirig. his posi tion, the electors who under those! cireum-; stapcqs chqeo him to represent them, ai;e. in honor, bound to find the w herewithal for ! bis support, The Hill AqAin, 4r The usual batch of? accidents which have happened on the hill this week are— Sunday — A shaft horse attached to a loaded American .waggori! fell .dpwn , w.hiie; coming at full speed down the hill, and was, . dragged along.; the. road about, 50 ' yards, fortu- ? riate|y! without suatainiog. much injury.. Mori- day— a waggon belonging to. Reynolds and English, with! 5 rik the top of the hill, and by the -time- they, were, half- way bjoWn '-tto . sgqbd- -was -terrific,? the. hdfaes.galloping and the' waggon bounffilrig like; a cricket ball. Suddenly one of the shaft; , horses fell, and th,e shock .nearly unseated ..tbej . driver. The other: horses, could . icrio.f stop,' biit; dragged their fellow companion to the bottom: of the hill. When released ' from the'harnessi the horse was found to have sustained very ; little injury,- arid-m about ;half?;an'?hoUr ne-pro- ! eeeded' ' on, ; his," 'jpurriey. ! Tuesday- !o acci: dent worth, mentioning; the horses, of- one! of; ;Co,bb'B 'c, baches jibbing; ; and; the? 'driver and "guard experiencing some difficulty in perauad,-, \- irig John Chinaman to get out to lighten, the \- epach,. Wednesday — blanl(. " Thursday— "a : team of bullocks were coming down, the, hillj with a loaded dray. ' The animals- attached, to; ! the pple fell do wri' and w, ere, : nearly ' strarigledj ' before they could' be go.t on their . legs? again.; When; shall'we.'get pn iteration Gisbornd : Express., ' : "!",!!! '7;!/! " .b.:"'.' : .! The Law of/ auction.Wrhe ease, of Cleo-i burey 'v. Tattersall,;tried: at the'laet Hertford; Assizes, orid. fully, regoqtefi in? tThe Times, '? ioolumns of July 23rd:last, and: in whioh: a ver-. . dict.vyas found for - the; plaintiff, who. acted- as ! his.ow.n attorney, has just been concluded, de fendants having paid' the damages arid costs. It i8.np,w. th.erefpre. settled that a horse, may be; returned for! not answering the description in, ! 1 the printed particulars of sale. The case of; ? 'Warlp.w, y. Hm;rison, decided a few days, since, 'in the Court of Error, from the Qaeen's, Berioh -hps decided that when horses are advertised to ffi.e.spld without, reserve, the owner or his agent .cannot buy them, in, but that the lastbopa fide, bidder ie the purchaser, and- as such can main-, .tpiri an acripn against the auctioneer for the ; : chattel: sold?. ' ' Tiie Yarra -Gold Field. — Mr F. W. ;M;D,qualdj: 'the. leader of the Yarr.a.Yarra ex-! i plpr.etion; paty, who Teporfs the discovery of gold on the head waters of the Yarra, waited upon the Chief; Secretary on Thursday, with the view of 'soliciting asrista'nce from the government in pro-! jiecuting'n, further search. After Mr M'Donald jHftd. stated the grounds on. which lie applied for i assistance, Mr Nicholsou replied that he was not 'in a position to ntako any promises yet, us the ! mode' in which the £30,000 which had been pass- !ed,by. fhe legislature would be apportioned, whe- ithor.fn prospecting or as a reward for the djsco- very of gold? fields, hadi not beon, decided upon ; but he expected that the Treasurer would bo able Ho' inform the house on, Tuesday next. Mr Ni- jcholson said. that after, the plan of the distribu- lion qf tbjs money hnd been decided upon, bo .would hear. any proposition Mr M'Donaid had to ,make. — Herald . Poisonou.s. Rlant.— On Thurfday night lost, 1.2 t'h March,: a, little. giricdaughter, ofiMrs. ' Yoqng,. Mouqt ; -Beeph worth, ms> suddenly :s.qizpdi WltR..d3iiripra,qf a., maniapql' character, itbrowingiherself ouitafiigroundjMioientiy.tear-, :irir ateveiy"object within her. reach ; atterapti ing to bite her m'otherV screaming .. loudly, and requiring a couple of: strong persona to keep her iri restraint. She was forthwith conveyed to Dr. Robinson's, when with, her flushed countenance, storing glassy eyegj , ipcqhereqt talking, and staggering gait (the limbs being partially paralysed), she appeared like one in? toxicaled ; the mapiacal paroxysms, altfirjialeq with considerable prostration, continued fo seven or ejght hours, w|iepi retprpirig qpiijtg: ousness begun to s|iuw itself. On Um npphoa? tion of remedial agents by f'rs. Robinson and Beatty, a number of pees of the thqrji ripple (Datena fetraraon|um), : a highly, poisonoqs plant/were found to have bee'ii' swallowed ; thq little girl has been gradually recovering, and is now (Monday), with the excejitioh of ! some slight drowsiness, vvpU. -The jfihnt plludfi (p Has a resemblance . to the prickly pear, anq contains scores of b,lack seeds; twelve pf whieh might prq4ii.ee" death in a ypu'ng, chilfi.-rRrif? larat jrayer. ... The Royal Charter Storm.— Rear Ad miral Fitzroy Has ascertained .that, the storm which wrecked the Royal Charter was a hori zontal cyclone. The area of its sweep was scarcely 300 miles; in diameter. While the central portion was" advanciug northward, at an average rate of 20 miles an hour, the ac- tiiiil velocity of the wind was from 50 to nearly 100 miies . an hour,. At places westward of its centre, the wind appeared to " back " or retrograde, shifting from east through north east, and north to north west) while at places enstward of its? central passage, the apparent change or veering of the ' wind, was from east, through south eaBt, south, south west, and: west to north west.' From eastern parts of England tbe central portion of the storm mpy- ed northward and eastward, places on the -east and north coasts of Scotland having strong easternly and northernly gales a day later than the middle of England. When tbe Royal Charter was wrecked, Elgin and Banff? shire were "not disturbed by wind. When it blew hard from, east to north on that exposed coast the storm had abated, or almost ceased in the Channel, and also on the south co ast of Ireland. , : The Dead of 1849, .Literature began the funeral, procession of the months . with the-.al- most simultaneous obsequies o.f Hallam in Eng land ririd of Prescott in America. Thiese ac complished historians; who won their first golden spurs at almost the same moment, died within one week ; arid, by. a curious . coinci dence, this double loss which letters were called (p sustain in January yf& .mribhe.d -:ra.t ;'the close of the year by. the equally! : contempora- neous decease of Thomas dp . Quincey ? and of ariingt9,ri-ir.ying.''Anqth. corispiqupus name' within the restricted circle of the highest literary culture of our- times must be chronicled with ' thpse.rrrthat of Sir James Stephen, Professor of History at the University of Cambridge, and who "had long; exercised a sort taf- consultative supervision oyer the, education of the heir of the . British. throne, The world of politics has almost literally closed over the tomb of a great statesmen,: whose doctrines - had ; ruled' the councils of Europe for nearly forty years; There, is soiriethiDg worthy of the Tragic' Muse of; Greece iri the close whioh -awaited .the' fatally brilliant career of Prince Metternich; His every success had been a seeming victory over the iu- stincts of the human race— r-the laws of progress, -the rights pf men. And ! never had ! man. been more seemingly, successful than ho, alike: in Court and Cabinet. - Talent, personal beauty, power, faipe, wealth, had; all been layished upon the' diplomatist whose. skill had shakpri down, as it was fancied the vvhole fabric of- t he French Reyplution. He had long passed the' ordinary- limits of: human life, had: seen! one after, another of bis great "contemporaries, fall- around him, arid was reserved to witness at last the utter downfall of? the great system he had founded, the uprising of. the revolution, and even the re-, turning ghost of the Emperor he had ohained so strongly down upon the rock in the Indian Sea. . ' The last sun on which heTooked shone down uppn the battle field of Magenta, But the triumph which France arid freedom' won. oyer the deathbed of Metternich was riot una-, loyed. - The death of Alexis, de . Tooqueyille ro.bbed both of a loyal arid gifted champion, who ha8 left behind him but few iq any land 'fully worthy to. wear- bis mantle. : In our own country the, ranks of our public, meriffi'ave .heen; .less sternly swept, ' .Tiwo;'. .dipiomiAM; spectable rani — Mo Rush qf Pennsjivaiiij, su J ' Mi; Mason of "Virginia— have been; taken; from -ub, aod three senatorB.havo. fallen, tw.o, of whom, Messrs. Geyer arid Hannegan, had retired from nolitical life. . The. death' of the third. Mr Bro. derick, of California, is. not likely, w.e may hope; to be seen paralleled, in our annals, to which it has given one. sad and sanguinary lesson iuore; Nne most able and faithful philanthrophist has been removed from his labors in the person of Morace Mani, who loved the cqupe pf educa? tion like a Pestalozzi, and toiled in it like a Howard, Our list grows upon, our bands, arid w.e might extend it almost definitely were we tp attempt to include in it all the. simply emi- nent persons whom the. last New Year found in the busy front. of life, !buit of .whom the year w.hich yesterday dawned ? will? ?'have- no more report to give to. iri,en>. Two cro.wns have been taken,: one /from the/ 'forehead vil? lainous low'- of the hated,; Frirdinand ofiNaples, one fiiom. the.loyely'br.qw.pf.tbe gqutje Stepha nie of Portugai.;- The cruel, Yeh went to his bloody account. in far Irid.ia, andthe sweet voice ofone: of the.world/s s.weetest. singers, Madame Boeio, waB frozen-into silence among the snows of St. Petersburg, Busy and prosperous as life, has. been, death has been busy arid pros-, perous tpo, aud the Old- Year's annual lesson lies before us to. day in a; shape! more, striking, if not more solemn, than it. wears to, our top hasty and heedless eyes. — N: Y. Times. Lord PALMBnsTON on the Press.— .At a meeting 'of the Romsey Labourers! Encourage- ment Society, on Wednesday, the Premier, who presided on the occasion, said — I rise to do hom age to, that which may properly be said to be one of the wonders of modern oivil.ization — I mean ''JLhe Press. (Cheers.) It any man compares now, a newspaper published in the last century, with one of those wonderful sheets we read every day, the contrast is the most striking that the mind of man cao imagine. The qnantity of in formation, the taleut ol dissertation, the amount of news of every kind, whioh we now find in every newspaper we meet with, is really one of the most striking proofs of the progress which the human intellect has made in the days in which we live. It may really be put ia competition with the steam-engine and the eleotrio telegraph ; but there is one part of the functions of-tbe press which, beyond all others, has improved of Jato years. I have heard that toward j the end of tho last century, there was a man of' tho name of Woodfall, who used to publish debutes ; and how did he do it ? It is said that he used to go to the gallery of the IIouso of Commons, listen at tentively, with his, face in his haufis to what pas sed, go home, drink two pots of porter, go to bed, got? up-next morning, uud from his dreams and recollections, make out what he called a report of a debate. (Laughter.) Now- a-days, so marvel- ? 'Priri 'e-.the. ability, so wonderful, the rapidity with which reporters' take down what77m7!r7r" speakers are not very careful, the reports ,A'f down what they had much better m (Laughter.) I remember a worthy M p8""1' Irish M. P. — Mr. Richard Keene who o'n?!"att plained that the. reporters in the gallerv h.Vm done lull justice to a speech he had .n,l !!' night before. The reply he received had perh ' more of sharpneBB than civility in it fnr .l'ernaP! 'Mr. Keene, we made the best speech w„Wasr for you, but if you ore not satisfied with oiil? deavours, the next time we will renort e#" do say (loud lnughter)— and whatever von mU think of it, we suspect your frieuds will Wa?y relish the infliction. (Laughter.) Now h marvellous to see the accuracy with which ,i'J .la in the House of Commons nre reported Wh the speeches are such as are calculated to altr 1 attention, they are reported word for word as tht are uttered, and how it is possible for the hun hand to follow with such rapidity and such cxeT ness I am at a lose to conceive. I once, as man others have done, began to learn shorthand bm I eppfess that I found out two difficulties which turned out to be quite insurmountable. The on w&s; to write il \iaugiiier&QCt; the next and greatest to read it when it was written flond laughter.) I beg now to propose that institution to which the progress of civilization and all tho interests of the country are so deeply indebted " The Pres." (G'heera.) The' Effects of Artesian Wells.— The California Farmer says, that since the boring of the numeroue Artesian wells in Santa Clara coun. ty, the entire surface of the great valley of Santa Clara has materially changed ; not only the val. ley land, but the mountain land ; and we hero ciie'a lew instances, where the land that has been useful and valuable, has now become useless and deserted. There is a ridge of land between al. viso and San Jose, and between the Coyote and the Penitentiary Creeks, part of the Alviso Branch .there is the Robinson well, James Murphy's well the M'Gee well — those are now in full flow, and empty into the Coyote and Penitentiary creeks carrying off vast quantities of water. Years ago' it was,, supposed by artesian well-diggers that there were lakes and rivers in the mountains, that fpfl- tllPtafl wplls. And this wna en are these lakes and rivers now ? How many of the fine pasture ranges in the mountains that had large Lagoons, remain to day ? Fisher's Lagoon Ranch ; the fish pond on the Bruno Brunnell Ranch, at Tassahara, a large, lagoon, and many others— all dried up ; and so with nearly all tho mountain streams and lagoons. This is not only in the very vicinity, but assuming that the great river theory is true, where has Gilroy Lake gone that fed Pajaro Valley. Two large lagoona (the names forgotten); the lagoons on the Raacho Canada de las Animas, which have been dry for two years ; and the many lagoons along the en- Tire raDge, down through Gilroy into Mnntery country, the famed Wild Peach Tree Valley, where the land was farmed for the Padres of So- ledad, there are scores of mountain streams and lagoons, that in the last few years have dried up, and with them the loss of herbage and the pai- turage ofthousands and tens of thousands of stock. And in our intercourse with stock- men, they boldly assert, that the injury to the stock inter- est, by the drying up of the mountain streams and lagoons, is far greater than all the possible good that the artesian wells could have done, and more than all the produce by them could repay. The American Merchant Service.— An in quest was opened on Wednesday night at the Wellington Tavern, Cannon-street, St. George's in-the- East, respecting the death of John Cra- ven, aged 35 years, a seaman lately employed od hoard the American ship the Wizard King, at -present lying in Victoria Docks, North Woolwich and who, it was alleged, had died from starva- 'tion and cruelty, while on a voyage from Bombay to the Port of Loudon. It appeared from the e.vmeuuu iuoi> wtu usccttacu uuu uccu iciuacu yc. mission to go ashore at St. Helena, though very : ill. He was refused medicine, and nothing but spit, junk and hard biscuit were given him to eat. When the vessel reached the docks he was Bent ashore, and died shortly afterwards. Tbe deceas ed had said before he died that he had been kick ed arid cruelly beaten by the mate and crew, who, it was alleged by some of the. witnesses, had a spite against the deceased because he was English. The coroner said the case had assumed a very se rious aspect, and it would be necessary for tbe ' ends of justice to adjourn the inquiry for addi tional witnesses. The first and second mates of ! the American hark Anna", of New York, have al so been brought this week before the magistrates of the Isje of Wight, on the information of John Thomas and Abraham Rock, seamen on board the. vessel, on a, charge of having murdered John Turtle and several other seamen, duriDg the voy age :from Legona to England-. Tbe account given ' is horrible. The mates are named Lane and Hires. The seamen say that on one occasion Lane struck Armstrong, a sailor, on the right eye with a mallet, felled him from the forecastle to \- the main deck, and knocked out his eye. He was ;.theri sent hy Hires to do something to an ' ear- ; gitig" under the bowsprit, but being unable to do ! what was required, he was dragged along To the .'water until Abraham Rock went to his assistance, when Lune exclaimed " Don't haul that nigger . in ; cut the ear-ring and let him go." In two , minutes after, Armstrong let go his hold and was . lost! At another time Hires quarrelled with Tur- tle, threw, him do.wn on tbe deck, stamped on his bead, and kicked him with his heavy sea. boots. Turtle's head and eyes were observed to be bleed ing, and he went to his berth.': The prisoners were! accused of several other murders, and re manded. ..The unfortunate men who fell victims to the; brutality of their; officere were men.ot co lour. : ..???-: .? - ... ' ' '. :v! ; . - ' - V ,. ... France, and ,thb_.Pofe of Rome.— The Em- pero.r Napoleon has. reached the point at wlucu reserve and equivocation are no longei; availing- It: is necessary: to tell- -the Pope andthe clerical party definitely what they have to expeot frotn the- Power which, for upwards of 11 years lias up held, and still upholds, them at Rome, while It has virtually, if not avowedly, promoted rebellion against them in the Legations. He must be pre pared, of course, to find that bitter hostility has taken the place of the homage they were content to pay him, while there was a chance that his in fluence might he placed blindly at the service of the intolerable pretensions and antiquated tradi tions to which they cling. Archbishop Cullea with the rest will probably be found to grow apace, in the new sentiment of loyalty to the fin- tish. Crown which he has only taken to express- ingisince his order have found that their confi dence in the willingness of the French Govern ment to see their political rehabilitation etiectea by foreign arms has been previously mieplace'1 In France, very strenuous efforts will be made, by the U6e of such1 influence as the priests can bring to bear on public opinion, to force, or deter, _ tno solitary Chief of the state from tbe path wbtch ne has chosen. The struggle will doubtless be a se vere one ; its course will test in a critical mcn .i i ....i... -i. nt wntcn liCl IUC 1CU! VttlUC Ui I lie euilguiciiu»»-»fc the age is proue to boast ; bnf if the Emperor Napoleon laces it with the firmness which oug to be inspired by the knowledgo that subservtenc to tho demands of the Church is not only l8pra'®" ful but impossible, we do not beiieve that be " any oceasion to dread tho issue. He will be sus tained by kuowing that every Considerable ota in Europe approves his view of the situation, w> the exception of Austria, who is still r?e ,'.1. under the administration by his own hand o lesson in the only sort of reasoning which s seems to understand. A11 that is absolutely u cessary to his progr.unino is that the Itnlim , should be left alone ; ho will only have to d with the agitation whieh the clergy may excite his dominions, aud the obstructions 01 7 place in the way of his Government. This me venioiico will not be slight, but the Pr0SP.e:„i. nn/«fmtif»rin/v if ia tint tiin irVAfltpeh of ttlC UimC ties by which his position was surrounded. Ala" Chester Guardien. . The Eastern Municipal Council of Uallarat derade Tuesday to increase the salary oi their lown Ller j 1002 per annum.. It Is not easy nt the present U" offer any comment on such liberality. 