auO j&otes.; Oar Melbourne correspondent tele graphed us on Saturday evening to the effect that at half-past seven on that evening there were no signs of the mail steamer off Cape Otway. The wind was blowing strongly and there was a heavy sea running, which may account for the delay in her ar rival. She must, however, have arrived in Hobson's Bay, 6ometime in the coarse of yesterday, and pro bably some of the letters by her will be ready for delivery at the Post-office here this evening-. The suit-chancery suit we may well call it-between the Hand in Hand and Leviathan Companies occupied the Court of Mines all day on Saturday without advancing. All the day was taken up by counsels' arguments for and against the dismissal of the suit, and at the close of the argument his Honor adjourned the Court till this morning. On die representation of the East ern Councils the Government have consented to remove the sludge and cleanse the various tributary creeks that intersect the Main Boad and fall into the sludge channel. A deputation from the District Road Board, consisting of Messrs Morton, Longmore, and Bobertson, with their surveyor (Mr Byrne), waited on the Government Boad Engineer (Mr Gib bons) at the Survey Office, Sturt street, on Saturday, for the purpose of point ing out the roads which stand in the greatest need of repair before the coming winter. The' deputation pro duced a plan of the district, and drew attention to the various points at which only a small portion of the road, per haps not more than a chain in length, rendered it next to impassable. They stated that the inhabitants would greatly prefer to have the bad parts only of the roads grubbed, as fre quently a quarter or a half chain of bad road was worse to get over than five miles of forest. Mr Morton said their object was to get as much done as possible before the end of summer, also that in the interview which they had with the Commissioner of Public Works, Mr Service had intimated that the money appropriated to the district should be spent under the recommen dation of themselves. Mr Morton further Btated his willingness to take the Engineer over part of the district^ and Mr Longmore agreed also to go over, his portion if Mr Gibbons would name a day. This was considered by the Engineer to be the best course, and he accordingly appointed to meet Mr Morton on Briday next. Officer Vowies, of the Western Fire Brigade, and his apparatus company, had a meeting on Saturday night for practice, Captain Campbell also lend ing them the aid of his superintend ence. The several departments of the Brigade are thus industriously fitting themselves tor the arrival of weir sew engine, and for real efficiency when the hour of action arrives. . A rather awkward turn-over took place on Saturday evening near Dr Nicholson's house; A milkman had left his horse and cart standing along side the ditch then and the hone making a mora capsized himself cart and all into the trench. Theaffiur looked a little dangerous at first, but the horse Va luckily rescued without injuiy. Hie Government have jgat^d s mof l»ni^ tjtnatB at: ihpjpnctioh of and Dana streets, in JB^Ilarat West, being the jwii&HEaBt; coroer of Section 47, compnnng an area of half an acre, as « rcaei /e ibr a echool for the use of the Jewish body in thedis trict. The Bev. Mr Cummins of Gisborne has accepted the incumbency of St Paul's Church, to which lie was no minated fcy the Bishop of Melbourne. On Sunday the rev. gentleman offi ciated at both morning' and evening service, and it is probable that in three or four weeks he will permanently take op his residence on Ballarat, We hear it is probable that the opening of ths new Court-house in Ballarat East will be commemorated by a public tall. The Horticultural Society's exhibi tion closed on Saturday. We regret I to say that the pnblic did not show I that interest in the exhibition which I the actual attractions of the showde I served or the importance of the I object would warrant. Few of the I farmers of the district took a part in I the affiur, either as visitors or other I wise. Perhaps, as being so near akin I in their aim, the two societies might I unite with advantage. We regret that the necessity of having our I columns clear for the reception of the Englfsh news, which will arrive this I evening, prevents us from publishing I the list of prizes, as we expected to I I be able to do. I The suit againBt the Melbourne In [ surance Company, by Messrs 'Gill, I Fowler and Co., as trustees for Messrs I Williams Bros, for the amount of the I policy on the premises burnt in Sturt I street, was biought to a close in the I Supreme Court on Friday morning, I when a verdict was given against the ! Insurance Company for L1400 with I costs. I We have received a parliamentary I paper giving the amount of cash I revenue derived from the various I Electric Telegraph stations in Victoria j during the year 1859. The following I are some of the chief items :-" Mel I bourne, £13,036 0s Id; Geelong, 41863 9s; Ballarat, £1717 16s 6d; I Sandhurst, £1515 9s Id; Beechworth, I £965 12s 7d; Castlemaine, £96312s: I Echuca, £629 13s 7<L It will thus J be seen that Ballarat stands higher ton the list than any of the inland I towns, and is close up to Geelong. I The Committee of the Early Closing | Association have put forth a hand-bill, 1 which has been most extensively cir I calated through town, and which I shows the evils resulting from the I system of late shopping, as at present 1 in vogue on Ballarat and elsewhere. I The Association complain that, unlik 1 any other class, they are liable " to I unlimited demands upon their labor," I and that the result is seen in the phy I eical and moral ruin of thousands I among them. They claim that their | hours of labor may not exceed the j period during which mechanics and J artizans are usually employed, and ask I to have the shops closed at 7 o'clock J on week nights, Saturdays excepted, I when they are willing to attend to I their business until 10 o'clock at night. I In order to carry out this desideratum, I they appeal to the public, especially to 1 the fair portion of creation, to make I their purchases by daylight, and as a I matter of principle never to enter any Ishop, in any trade, that keeps open I after six o'clock in the evening; and las a reason why "shopping" should I not be resorted to by gaslight, the I public are assured " that purchases I made on such occasions often cause j annoyance aad disappointment when I examined by the light of day.'' j Dr Clendinning held an inquest at I the White Hart Hotel, on Saturday, | over the remains of John Craze, an I other victim of cheap mining, who J died at the Hospital on the 8th inst., I from injuries to the brain and spine I received at the Pennyweight ffill I He particulars have already appeared | in these columns in the report of the I inquest on Thomas Wool cock, who was I killed in the drive. Josiah Trevenna j gave his evidence that he was work I ioff iQ the face of the drive with j Woolcock. Deceased, with John j Tozer were a few feet behind filling I trucks, when the roof fell in without j any warning. The witness was struck J on the left shoulder, and fell to the I ground; his head and shoulders and J right arm being free, he after | wards freed his left leg, and | looking up, saw John Tozer .and I deceased sitting up, with their legs j buried, but could not see Woolcock. j Having managed to free himself, he I crawled out of the tunnel and passed I close to deceased without being able I to give him any assistance, on account 1 of his own injuries. He gave the alarm, j and assistance having arrived, Tozer j and deceased were got out alive. Ths I juiy returned «- verdict of " accidental I death," with the same addition as the I jury on Woolcock did, viz., " That the j usual precautions in timbering so wide I a tunnel had not been taken by the 1 deceased and his party." The reason I stated by a witness for the non-tim I bering was that the two sets put in at I first are still quite loose; thus show I ing the necessity of more precaution I being talftn. when working between I two old shafts, with a drive of 8 to 12 I feet wide and 7 to S feet high. | _ The following applications for min I ing leases appear in Friday's Gazette: I --Richard B. Jones and others for a I five years' lease of 3 acres 2 roods 22 I perches of quartz reef on Boxing reef, I south of Perseverance Company (no I other description of the locality is I 3 £1500 to be invested. Peter Warburton and others, for a three I years' lease of 50 acres of alluvial ground at Whim Holes; £3200 to be I invested. I _ The Age states that a special meet I ing of the Board of Agriculture was I held oii-Thursday, the 8th inst, at the I board-room of the Department of I Xiand and Works, for the purpose of IP®85^! a bylaw determining the man [ Mi* In whioh tha £18,610 voted by the Legislative Assembly for agricul-| = tnral purposes should be expe^ed.! The Hon. W. IT. F. Mitchell, the pre-^ indent, took thechair. Tie foUowing! gentlemen were present: -^Messrs; Hope, M.L.C., Mollison, M.L.A.jMac-' kensde, WCracken, Archer, Stalling, M'Intosh, Wilkie, M.L.A., Shertfin, M'Martin, Montgomery, M'Phillamy, M'farun, Cochrane, Meredith, John son, Joyce, Mackintosh, M.L.A., Bid dell, M.L.A., Patterson, Miller, and Iks Mueller and Macadam. After a short discussion relative to the amount proposed to be appropriated to the model farm, the following mode of distribution was agreed to:-In aid to agricultural societies, £7730; expenses of the board and council, to be ex pended under the sanction of the council, £530; for the experimental farm, to be expended under the direc tion of the council, £3000; for col lecting and compiling agricultural sta tistics, the money to be handed over to the Registrar-General, whose certi ficate to an account shall be sufficient, £2250. The Herald states that an adjourned meeting of the Gordon Parker's Beef Mining Company was held on Friday in the offices of the company, Queea Btreet. Mr Bradley occupied the chair, and the report presented at the j last meeting was re-read. On the I motion for the adoption of the report, j Mr Randall proceeded to state the re sult of his visit of inspection to the works of the company, which was far from satisfactory. He moved as an amendment upon the adaptation of the report, that a committee be appointed to report upon the works and prospects of the company, which, after consider able discussion, was agreed to. The impression generally appeared to be that the property was a valuable one, but that the carrying on of the works had been greatly mismanaged. It ap pears that that portion of the reef from which such quantities of rich quartz was reported to have been taken by the original proprietors before the company came into possession, has not even yet been touched. The meeting adjourned until Tuesday next to allow of a committee being formed. The Herald states tiiat John H. Beanie, who some time since was the agent of the Melbourne Insurance Company at Ballarat,and against whom a warrant had been issued for embez zlement, was arrested on Thursday morning at Warrnambool, and will be forwarded to Melbourne by the first steamboat. The last number of the Sydney Southern Cross gives some fresh items of gossip current in the northern capi tal:-MrG. D. Lang, son of the doctor, and M.L.A. for Tumut in the neigh boring legislature, had left Sydney for the purpose of starting a newspaper at Moreton Bay. Mr Colville had leased the Prince of Wales Theatre at a rental of L30 per week. The Era, weekly newspaper, hid given up the ghost after an existence of four years. The estimated population of the new colony of Queensland was twenty-five thousand of all sexes, ages, and races, exclusive of the aborigines. 