EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. To the Editor of the Christian Times. Sir,-I read with pleasure Bishop Perry's last loiter, in which he says that he ac knowledges as true churches and ministers all other evangelical denominations. Still he does not disavow what he said was, and what, in fact, is the rule of his system, namely-that no minister or member of it ought to hold communion with, or enter any place of worship of those churches. Dr. Perry's Christian feelings and convic tion lead him, in fact, one way, while his vows, and the system to which lie adheres, lead him another. Your renders ought to know that lie is bound by the following canon of the Church of England:-" Whosoever shall hereafter aflirm or maintain that there are within this realm other meetings, assem blies, or congregations of the King's born subjects than such as ly the laws of this laudareheld and allowed, which may rightly challenge to themselves the name of true and lawful churches, let him be excom mttnicated, and not restored but by the Archbishop, after his repentance and I public revocation ofsacih his wichederrors." And further-" Whosoever shall affirm that such ministers as refuse to subscribe to the form and manner of God's worship in the Church of England, prescribed in the Communion Book, and their adherents, may truly take unto them the name of another church, not established by law, and dare presume to publish it, &c.;, let him be excommunicated." It will thereo fore be seen that Bishop Perry has already, by recognising other churches and minis ters as true, subjected himself to excom munication ; and I am not anxious to Sod i fiault with him, but rather to direct atten tion to the system hie supports, because it , is the cause of disunion Ia tho whole I empire, and condemns those whom God approves; and this is the consequence of I allowing the Sovereign to interfero int religion-to be the head of the Church, which is opposed to the whole spirit and tenor of thia New Testamnett. Dr. Scott, I the Bishop ofChester, in Queen ElIzabeth's i time testified:-"One tend Governor can not be applied to any temporal Prince, for then wo mast needs grant that the Church of Christ was not perfect, tat rather a body without a head, for the space of three hundred years and mtore (for so long was it after the death of our Saviour before there was one Christiau Prince in all the world), or else Christ appointed an infidel, being no member of his church, to be head thereof, whliet both be absurdities." All persecutions and arrangements cono trary to God's Word have arisen front the fact that at the Reformation our rulers went back not to the ago and institutions of tho apostles, but to tChosoof the half Pagan Emperor Constantine. In Engiand, for instance, it was not the voico of true Christians and God's {Nord that was consulted as regards the consti lntion of the Church, but Henry VIII.'s caprice and will. Hie did not consult "coagregations of faithful men," which according to the Church of England's article itself are churches, but ite only consulted certain bishops and then made laws and articles of belief and Cite whole nation, Papists, Protestants, believers and unbeliever,, prefat sotid pious, weers callrd the Church of England. But is such a mixed multitude as this ever called a "Church " in the Naow Testa. meat t? Edward VI made some other re gulittions and then lafnry became the head of this Church. She said "that as St. Paul forbade women even to speak In the Church it was not fitting for tho Church to have a dumb head ;" and she returned to Popery, and so did Olin Church of Eng land, that is, the parliament, and the few who would not do so were burnt. The next Sovereign Lady (Elizabeth) com mtnded a return to. sem-Protestantism, and the Church of England changed again ot, uasiose. T'hius we see tho effect of that article of the Church of Ettgland (whlicl Bishop Perry says is uniitpeachable) which affirms that the sovereign has power in matters of religion I The Apostle Paul, in nddressing the pasters of the Church at Ephesus siid that the holy Ghost had made them bishops (pastors), or overseers, in that church or congregation; but Eng lish bishops are itilo by the Prime Minister or Secretary of State. The London Times recently ca tmienting upon this system, and Oiso state of the clergy, says :-"It certainly i Is the case that we do not hear of suli a proportion of delinqucecics antaug tann of other callings requiring education and hnon d orable conduct. The only solution we can s1 find is in the fact that a number of men h yearly take orders who are entirely unfitted b for their sacred calling. College testimo. e nials and rectors' certificates are known to " be a farce, and the Bishop's examination It is little better. The number of exemplary men who enter the church are liable at any time to be disgraced by the conduct of some one whose character should have prevented any bishop from otdaining him, at least, without a long probation. We speak of feets which are perfectly noto. rious. The bishop who has been raised from the modest stipend of a parish cler. 01 gyman to the dignity of a Lord of Parlia ment, with £d000 a year, a palace, and P patronage, and whose wife and daughters si are amongst the most assiduous cultivators C of "country society," knows nothing of 9 those on whom he lays his hands, except what lie can gather from walking a few times sap ana down the room whilo his Cl chaplain Is examining themt in Butler or d Wheatley, or from the after dinner con a versation, when some twenty of them sit demurely about the episcopal drawing. r resi. A man totally unlit for clerical life I is ordained, sent leto a parish, and obliged a to subject himszlf to artificial restraints which gall him, while, at the same time his position gives him peculiar Inflo- 0 ence over the people he lives among." Now the other evangelical churches In f Britain recogniso Christ as the only lead t \- they appoint their pastors (or bishops, f according to Apostolical language,) accord- I ing to Apostoalcal precept, and the cunse- t quence is, a very different state of things a from that described by the Times In the t Episcopal Cody. I have heard Baptists, r Wesleynes, Presbyterians, and Indepou- r (feats for many years, and have found that they preach the sanan gospel. Is Dr. t Perry prepared to affirm the same of the a clergy of the Church of England ? They I have all vowed, declared, and signed that a they alt believe the same thing, yet, do t they not preach most contrary doctrines ? P Do not bishops aad clergy denounce each e other for preaching false doctrines ? Do t they not all subscribe that the Apocrypha may be read "for example of life and in- r atruction of manners," though they are a ftll of falsehood ? Do not the clergy r teach In the Baptismal Service and by the a catechism, and the bishops in confirmation, I that every child Is by their baptism regs- r nerated by God's spirit,-made a child of t God and a joint- heir with Christ? Does a not Bishop Perry pretend to communicate t the holy Spirit to every priest whom he I ordains, and does he not at the same time s say to him: "Whose sins thou doest for- t give, they are forgiven, and whose abs c thot doest retain, they aro retained." f To all these things a Chinese may, t according to Dr. Perry's system, listen and r not be corrupted, but the must not listen v to the pure gospel of our Lord Jesus I Christ preached by others. Wilt Bishop J Perry have the goodness to reconcile his q views and course of action with God's I word, or prove that wo ought, to prefer r error to truth-God's Institution to man's t -the Acts of Parliament to the Acts of I Apostles ? It is only by submitting to the f dictates of God's Word in all things that t we may hope to arrive at that unity of spirit which does already to a great extent a exist among Presbyterians, Wesloyans, a Baptists, and Independtnts. 1Vo do long a and pray for a similar union with Bishop e Perry and the many brethren and ministers t of the Church of England, whom we love I and esteem highly for their work's sake; i and it is not against them personally, but c against the system which separates them I from us, that we plead. That system, I improperly called the Church of 'England, h it is not a churcs at all, and if it were, htow I can it be described as the United Church f of England and Ireland while only a frac- c lion of Christians adhere to it, and the t great majority disown and protest against t it. But further. The very phraseology to t which it has given birth mystilles the a people and tends to darken scripture know ledg concertting the real nature of ac Church. A Church, according to the New e Testament, is a number of real balieversin c Christ, meeting in oneo place, (,t congrega- I tion), and to distinguish one auch Church I from another the name of tits place or lo- I cality in which it met is given to it. rtus a we have the Church at Corinth-at Jeru- I salett-at Rome-at Cenchren, &a.;, but I we caver read of the Church of Corinth at Ephesus, or the Church of Jerusalem at Rome, because a congregation cannot be h In Ciwo isloces at tltt satno titme. Yet we cotttantly hter of the Church of Engiand in China, In Melbourne, &c.; H1ow can a congregation be itt England and Melbourne 1 at the same times? But let us try if the commandments of our Lord and thet Apostles can be obeyed by the so-called Church of Engiod. Christ says, "If thy I brother will not hear thee. tell it unto the I Church, and if Ito will not hear theCthurch, I lot him be to thee a heathen and a publi- t cau." Thus also the Apostle Paul tells the Church at Corinth that when they 1 have assembled they are to exclude the t offending member from the communion of the Church. Such was Apostolical Church Govern ment, and this is practised by Inde. pitdetls and Baptists still. I would ask Episcopalians to try and apply these rules of Christ and the Apostles, and they will Intd that they eannot-theyolyave no Church I to tell it to-they are no Church. There are plentyofploutmen and womenuamongttgpis copallans, but theyhavw not been separated and organised into churches. Hence all the tronbles and evils which they suffer. Were the pious commutleants of each congregation of Episcopaliats formed into Ia society-a chttrlch; were they to admit as memberssotly such as give evidence of f conversionu were each such church to tI elo thteir min'iter, and if they prefer to combino is number of these churches, and I their ministers desire a President, Superin t tendent, Bishop, or whatever they like to I call him, were he to be elected by the I clergy, they would soon see the difference. ,Letttetion bttt ebide int thteir proceedinigs \- by the prittliples atnt itnjttuncious of Citriot ttutd Cthe Apustles, atts cast Cheli' cstons ot. orilanels linle the lire, nod hrittg their \- etlter feotts itito httrtttny witht thte dec. atrittes of Goti's wvortl, titd I believe Cthat , hywudsedl efree ef all ithe a cimcnrdainfalse teechtors, atud fotlici elila from wiichs thtoy bava sulfercd, do suffer, and will suffer under their pre sent system. Moreover, they would lien hnrmoniously work together wiih all other branches of the church, and thus to agreat extent Christ's prayer would be realised, "that they all might be one." May God hasten it is His time Yours truly, F. HLssso. Melbourne, 6th March, 1860. 