CHRISTMAS AMUSEMENTS. THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. "Boxing Night," as may naturally be sup- posed, brought a full house to the Theatre Royal, every port of the establishment, save the dress circle (and all the seats there were pretty well Occupied), being completely crowdod. The pan- tomimo producod on the occasion is founded OB the nursery story of " Little Jack Horner." Retrogressa, an antiquated fairy, finds she is "out of fashion," and that hor inUuonce is fast waning before the attractions of Progrosso, a fairy of tho go-ahead order. To regain her position, sha turns her attention to education, and endeavours to make Jaok Horner tho hero of a model sahcmo ; but hero Progressa intorferes, and by the introductioninto the currioulum of instruction in the applied sciences, and other subjeots until recently regarded as heterodox by those presiding over the old seats of learning, shows that thsra must bo no limit to improvement ; and accord- ingly the triumph of progresa over obstruotive ncss is signalized by a brilliant scenio display, ia wluoh flowers and fruits, and children perched ort apparently difficult positions, figuro prominently. Tho rival fairies wero creditably personified, tho one by Miss Fanny Young, tho other by Mis* Earle. Mr. G. II. Rogers was perfectly nt hons as Old Proverb, the shadow to tho."fast" fairy, and delighted the audience with his sententious uttcranco of " wiso sows ;" and Mr. Harwood wns as schaolboyish us could be wished in his delineation of "Jack Horner." In this, the introductory portion of the pantomime, thero wai an overwhelming number of jokes, which wore, however, remarkable moro for the aptness of their local application than for their intrinsic merit. The recent political changes, the composition of the new Cabinet, the loquacity of ourlogislators, the irregularities of the telegraphic system, the contemplated formation of street raüways, ths pi ogress of exploration, Mr. Michie and his Single Bottle Bill, and Australian "sorvvit galiBm," were in turn made the subject of jojoso allusion. The picking by Jock Horner of the " plums" from his " Ohristmas pie" was a pro- ceeding regarded with the most intense interest. Plum No. 1 was " The Henles Cabinet," whioh Jack insisted ought to have a trial. " Protection," "Immigration," and "Tho Squatters," wera among the plums which followed, each baing re- ceived as the tendencies of the audience dictated. " J. T. Smith for ever" waa a plum which th.« whole of the house could not swallow, an 1 al- though choers greeted its produotion, they were pretty well balanced by hisses. Another interr- ing feature was tho representation of tho alphabet by 26 persona, each bearing tho initial represent ing his character. For instance, A was borno by an Australian native, B by Britannia, iii hy Mayor Smith, V by a Victorian, &o.; This ot< liibition was accompanied by nn amusing illustration of the manner in which the de- serts of the lotter " H " aro frequently over- looked, snd by a display of mischief, by way of anagram, on the part of the fairy Retrogressa. The harlequinade which followed was of the stereotyped character. There was the usual amount of dancing on the part of har» lequin and his attendant columbines; and ia good sooth, M. Schmidt, Madame Strebingar, and Maddlo. Thorcao, spared no effort to afford ample variety in this department; and thara were the usual number of thofts oommittad, tricks played, and cuffs exchanged, on tho part of clown and pantaloon. Several business establish» menta in tho city found their place among tua scenes in this portion of tho pantomime. Tho rotunda at Cromóme was not forgotten, white Coppin'h XXX and the Collingwood Gas Compinyr each hiiditsadvortisement. The destruction waictt Goribaldi is supposed to bo dealing among Euro- pean despots was deliucatcd by means of a giran tic figuro holding at arms' length a couple of crowned hoads. Other " points" were mide, but tho wholo of them it is impossible for us to mention. Thoro wero a few hitohos, but thoaa wero submitted to with great good-humour on the part of the audience, and no doubt they will not occur again. While mentioning this circumstance, wo may add that it would also bo well if tim business of the harlcquinodo could bo cur- tailed. Tho pantomime closed with a bril- liant spectacle, mado up, for tho moat pirt, of fairies and fuschias, in which ali the powers of the scenic artist and machinist appeared to ba I combinod; and tho audience loft, shortly before midnight, apparently highly ploasod with tho performance. THE PRINCESS'S. The extravaganza of " Jack tho Giant-killer" was produced last evening at tho Prihoess's; Theatre by tho Marsh troupe. The pieco was s composition of the original play, with an attempt at a pantomime, without clowns, harlequins, or columbines. Occasionally "local hits" word in« tioduccd, but nothing witty, or that excited aughtcr. In the courso of the performanco. Jack sang Borne few verses relating to tho " recent disclosures" in tho theatrical world, aal threw into thom a comicality whioh deserved tn.9 encore accorded to him. Throughout tho whola piece he played his part well, and if his voice WJ not pleasing to tho audience, his acting win Miss Holen, as Queen Bee, seemed moro at bama than wo oxpected ; and Miss Louise Arnot got up well as King Arthur, especially when sha reviewed tho Collingwood Rifle Corps, whioh were introduced about the middle of tho piece, though why so it is difficult to say. The oorpi, about twenty strong, went through the varioaf evolutiona in a most creditable manner, showing that they had been pretty constant in tholr attendance at drill. Every now and then they received great applause. Hod the company bass more perfect than they wore, the bad arran« menta of the Btage manager-if there is Buofi a person at the Princess's Theatre-would har» been sufficient to moke the audience dissatisfied with tho entertainment. -Trap boards wera opened when not required, scenes wore left ita* shifted, part of a room was allowed to re« main among some forost trees-in foot, greater mistakes wo have not seen made Ia any theatre In Melbourne. If the losseos of. > the theatre wish to attraot the publio t« t that establishment, they will have to otra« many stage improvements. On the whole, ta» troupe played well-better than thoy have lately { -and taking into considération'that last ovènlag was the first occasion, on whkih they have »P; pciredUi tho piece; t_q>>rforma_ce wai orMit- ¡t .tJ^e'to'4h*n. "ÎW tho fniuTO.Wi) woitli M«* : t > ". ' l i i tineen Bee to doff her terrostrinl costume ia more pktlful manner, had Jack not to get his ti»»« ¡¡wok in his night-dress as on last evening. Mr John Dunn was tlie giant Qorgibuiter, % X'racter whioh suits him well. iHis dress w.n »unropriate, and tho massive furniture of his houso-the hugo pots and pans, &o.-oausod; Boms amusement. The last, a fairy scone, was pretty ; but lika EU t1ie 0tll0r8i was spoiled by the in- efficiency of the scone-shifters. Tho pit of thx. tiièairo was tho only part of the house crowded - the attendance in the-dress circle and other parts icing very small. PRINCE OF WALES. At the Prince of Wales Theatre an entertain- ment of an amusing nature was given by the Buffalo Female Minstrels last evening, it being their first appearance in Melbourne. Of late the public have almost been surfeited with Nigger performances but the present company are a decided improvement upon any of their predecessors, and last evening they were throughout well received. Of the Female Minstrels there are seven, one of whom most ably accompanied the songs and choruses on the pianoforte. Bones and tambourine were represented by two of the former sable troup, who, by their comicalities, enhanced the amusement. Tho programme commenced with the overture of " Buffalo Gals," arranged ex- pressly for the Female Minstrels. This fa- vourite piece did not loose anything by the change. "Dinah's Wedding" gave the au- dience an opportunity of hearing the voices of the company, and although there is no great refinement in them, that of Miss Rosa Lee is occasionally very sweet, especially in somee of the plaintive negro melodies. " The other side of Jordan," as sung by Mr. Cook, and the chorus, was very well received, as also the descriptive song of, "On yonder rock," by Miss Lee. In a long programme, it would be unfair to select any piece where all were performed as well as might be expected from a company who only made their début last evening. The dresses were good-of course being of that gaudy colour so attractive to the females of the black portion of creation. The theatre, considering the attrac- tions at other houses, was well attended. CREMORNE AND THE PANTHEON THEATltE. Cromóme was yesterday all in its glory. That pleasant place of amusement-the very thing adapted for a climate that enables us to delight in open air recreation by night as well as by day -drew thousands to it yesterday. Kunnin» about the maze watching the fish sporting in tlo wator, seeing the antics of the monkeys, screaming with delight, and yet half terror struck, at the roaring of tho wild boasts, «ero hundreds of youngsters of both Boxes. Tho Ohristmas-boxos, too, that eaoli obtained, afforded plenty of amusement; but chief of all w>9 the pantomime-that enjoyment that forms the acme of pleasure for all children at Christmas time. The beauties of Cremorne itself, and its numerous attractions, are now so well known that it is needless to re- capitulate them on the present occasion ; suf fico it to say that everything wore its host aspect yesterday, and notbing was wanting to keep the visitors in a continual state of amusement. In tho aftornoon was a grand balloon ascent, when seven balloons, representing tho different Austra- lian colonios- Now South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania, Western Australia, Queons land, and New Zealund-woro lot loose. Then thero wero tbo Indian jugglers, with their shrill notes, compared with which the bagpipat «von sound musical; the views of Sicily, u, shooting and a bowling gallery for those that chose to patronibu them, and other things ad infinitum. An aftornoon per- formance of tho pantomime, .which commenced at about a quarter past 3 o'clock, and was not concluded for about two hours and a-half, «aused the Pantheon to bo crowded to exoeü. In the evening, a small Christmas pürforminoa preceded the display of Palm mo and the li re- works on tho lake ; and clio gardens wore lighted tip with any quantity of Uhinese lampj, fully justifying the expression of " tho feast o' lanterns. The Becond performance of the pia tomime carne off at l) o'clock, and wo will now proceed to givo a description of it, merely premising that it ia tho old nur- sery story of " Jack, tho Giant-killer," bur- lesqued by Mr. H. J. Byron, with local adapta- tions by Mr. Georgo Scott Hough. Upon the curtain rising, Jack ami his mother are disco- vered in a chamber of their rustic cottage, aud the existence of fairies is being debated, in cou sequonco of Jack (Miss Julia Mathews) relatáis» to his mother a dream he has just hiid about u fearful ogre. Whilst convening, Queen Baa, the Quoon of tho Fairies, introduces herself in the disguise of an old woman, and, disclosing herself, she touches tho place with hur migic wand, and chauges tho cottage into a scene in fairy land, representing iv number of baa hives, resplendent in golden colour. A dinoa hy the corps de ballet of fairies, with a pas de deux by tho Missus Edouin and Nye, closes that scene, the queon leading Jack off to her own, abode, which is naxt shown. Tho interior of tho Queen Bee's hive is very picturesque, and hero the queen pre- sents Jack with the cap of knowledge, tho shoes of swiftness, ' and iho sword of sharpness, and bids him go forth to conquer tho giant. The .scene next changes to a country view, with hills sloping down to the river- side. Emerging from anudst the bushes, the giant Gurgebustor (Mr. <3ordo») makes his appearance, and, after relating his love for Sybil (ltose Edouin), leaves, on the ap- pearance of a number of peasants, whoentoron the stage. They aro quickly followed by King Arthur and his guards, the fonueiglorj iaginamngnifioent sceptre, with boll and cross, which ho uses as a stick, to thrash his subjects with. On Boeing the king, tho peasauuy tell him of their woos, and the tear they have uf the giant, and, whilst do- ing BO, Sybil's father rushes in, aud inform* the monarch that his daughter has been carried off by the giant. The king immediately promises to knight any ono who will rescue her, but no one appears to be sufficiently valiant to dare tha danger, un lil Jack arrives very opportunely, and offors his services, which aro accepted ; and, ia consideration of his solving there and then an almost Sphinxian riddle, he is dubbed a " sir" at ouce. The following sceno witnesses the giant and Sybil together on their way to h'n castlo ; she mauugea to make her escape on the road, but is recaptured. Tho interior of tha «gre's dining- room is next, where his servant (Mr. Greville) is waiting for his coming. On the arrival of himself and the forlorn damsel dinnei is placed ou the table, the faed being, of course,ol tho proper dimensions for so large a creature, A sirloin of beif as ,big as a Kerry cow, with o pudding of suitable size, graced the table and his knife and fork somewhat resembled llichard Cour de Lion's double-handled sword, and a pitchfork. His "pewter" would hive held the couteuts of a two-gallon kog. During dinner Jack arrives, in (ho disguise of s pilgrim, and asks for Bhe\tur for tbo night which Gorgobuster gives him, chuckling on tin dainty morsel he will havo in the morning, Moantimo, Jack makes known to Sybil that hi has como to deliver her, and they agree to cir «umvent the old rascal. Jack having gone t< bed, the giant lays himself down to rest awhile and his enemy takes the opportunity to plao 3 ! monstrous boutjuek in the bed instead, and ti «moonee himself under the table. The gian ariäcs, and, armed with a Herculean club, drop it heavily on tho bed. Satisfied that the dee, is done, he falls asleep. Jack then agaii .«merges from his place of concealment, th servant comes in with the key of th «attie gate, Sybil makes her preparations, am all are ready to depart. Beforo all is com plated the monster awakes, and a gonoral a! tack on him eusues. The sword of sharpness run lum through. His own fork is treacherous! turned upon him by his male domestic ; his eos! lleca her umbrella with no little fury ; and h succumbs tu last o their united assaults, but be foto giving up the ghost threatens them with th vengeance of his two cider brothers, both c '«horn-aro bigger than himself. Trampling o tbo dead, they tako their departure, bu beforo thoy havo proceeded far they at met by tbo other two giants, Blunderbus an Blunderbore. Thoso tbey valiantly assail, bu scent likely to perish boncath their blows, who good Queen Bee interposes, and enables thai to come off victorious. Tho noxt scene is bri lianlly got up. On its arising a golden on ifc first perceived, the walls of this fall in, ao disclose a magnificent fairy mansion ; silvt pillars, bedecked with flowers of every hue, ai placed along either sido of tho halt, at the end i vhich a silvery veil, rovealing behind it a lou vista of half- concoaicd boautics, is .visible. _ roof of burnished gold, with fountains fallir amidst Ibu shining pillara and splendid foliag iditato the beauty of tho tout ensemble. But ti veil is rout in twain, and further beauties a beyond, with nymphs disporting themselves «very attitudo, iho Btainod glass window of t ancient abbey filling up the background. 1 this sceno follows the change to harlequin; at «olumbines, with all the jokes and adventures time-honoured dato, joined to nower onos, more peculiar interest to ourselves. The ti harlequins were Mr. J. Edouin aud Miss Ny tbo pantaloons, Mr. Searle and Maxtor Sonn the coluuibiuoH, Miss Hose Edouin and Mi JuliaEdouin ; and tho clowns, Charles and Will Edouin. One of the scenes which appear, to afford iiilhii o amusement to the audiea was an Australian forest scene, with a blact ffiia-mia, mid mi aboriginal, who,, armed wi spear and boomerang, has a rencontre wi lite CIOWIH, uno of whom has" a "gun, b «hichiuis never able to aim with at the'blao »?fiemo gig«ntio émeus,and-» tremcndóUB"biwm v ero introduced into the soeno with cimidox i'it > ifiect. In conclusion, wo oonnot but congratu- late Mr. Coppin on the excellent way in whin1! .the pantomime was produced, the players b)ia; wollup'in' their parts/and, considering'that i, was the first night, the-whole piece being un- usually fres from hitches, the machinery evoii acting as if it had boon long at work. Tho whole was so successful that there i i no doubt that tho pioco will have a lengthen i1 run. The localisms, about which there m i it always be a difficulty in our socluded worll, wero full of point and humour, and tho audiou i appreciated in everyway every lucky hit, whot'u . social or political. Thcro is one thing wo m u". not omit to mention. A box was brought e> i the stage, marked on the one side, " A giEt tro u Victoria to Garibaldi," and on tho other, " \\. trifle from I'aly." On its being opened, fn ii the one part there issued a full-dressed miniatur-i rifle volunteer, and from the other an eauille juvenite representation of the Italian chieftain. Tho appearance of bofh of them was rece'uj I with loud applause WILLIAMSTOWN ANNUAL RACES. Stewards:-T. Stewart, Esq.; T. Chirnsili, Esq. ; D, Lewis, Esq. ; H. Yeond, Esq. ; and W. C. Yuillo, Esq. Judge -.-James Hondorsoi, Jurel. Starter:-H. N. Simson, E«q. Honorary c'eik of the course :-F. Tattersall, Esq. The second annual raco meeting at William i tewn commenced yesterday, and was well at- tended by the public, notwithstanding the nu- merous attractions offered to excursion partie?, and holiday-makers in general, in all direotiom round the metropolis-a convincing proof that tbo sports of the turf aro always capable oE affording tho largest amount of pleasurable) auwsemont within the appreciation of colonists hailing; from the parent soil of Britain, It might have been .feared that recollections of last yoar's failure in tho transit arrangements per railway would have deterred many from renewing their acquaintance with the Williamstown racecourse ; hut under promises of better behaviour on this occasion, which we aro happy to say the railway authorities honestly kept, somo 2,000 of the Aus- tralian public wore duly convoyed to a point closely adjacent to the Grand-stand and running ground, where tho Williamstownsmon and fomi es had early located themselves in great force. The weather was all that could be desired. Tho sun was rather powerful, and Ithe course is, as moat of our roadors ara aware, on an open unsheltered plain ; - bat a mild soa breozo blowing all tho af tomoo-a tempered the fervour of tho sun's heat, and reduced the temperature to a medium quite com- patible with a gonoral enjoyment of the holiday sports. The ground was generally hard, wich, occasional patches of dry marshy land, which being springy in its present state, relieved the horses in a measure from the effects of a perpetual shaking of their feet and legs in the course of a long and severe journey. Some alterations for the Ibetter have been made since last year in the form of the oourso at tho far corner, looking from the stand; and it no longer require] a guide, as it did on tho former occasion, to prevent the riders from going altogether wrong or being at the disadvantage of losing half a dis- tance at the horse-shoe absurdity, now happily removed. There was abundant accommodation provided for tho due refreshment of the public on the ground ; the loree booth of Messrs, Spiers and Pond appearing to bo most extensively patronized throughout the day. WeTieardno complaints of any cf the arrange- ments on the course, or of tho gonoral conduot of the visitors, who, so far as wo could judgo in o'tr ?very aotive observations, appeared to bo baili "merry and wiso." The police in attendanoj had, therefore, almost a sinecure. The races commenood at about half-past 1 . o'clock, an hour's delay having beon ocoasionji by an accident to the scales in their journey ta tho oourso, which rondored them useless, anl their place was supplied by nn indifferently satisfactory steelyard-o sorry substituto. Thä first event was the Maiden Plate, for which seven wero entered, all of whom carno to tho pist. The threo-year-old colt Donation was mado iles! favourite, and Mr. Ohirnsido's maro Fortress, 5 yrs., followed close on his heels in publio estitn i tion, which, however, proved in the race to b j wholly fallacious, as tho running was m vi3 1 all tho way by Toryboy, a very juvenile son of Wollaton, who won, hard held to tho last. The winner is tho first of Wolla ton's get that has started in this country; aal lie is nearly related on the other side to a gool running family, his dam beinir own sister te Woodpecker and Beeswing, »li bred by Mr. D'Aroy. Wollaton was by tho Coster, by tits renowned Emilius, tho Bira of Priam, and WAI imported hero by James Purves, Esq., by whim the horse was subsequently sold to tho Victoria a Government. The Stewards' Plate, whioh fol- lowed next on the card, was a mere mockery of a race, and may bo looked upon as having basa got up for tho benefit of Lucy Glitters and hoe friends ; but wo doubt if the public suffered co any extent, " tho certainty" being too obvioui. It is needless to add that Lucy boat thj make-believes opposed to her, lund held, and could have beaten them a distança had it been neeossary. Tho WiHiamataw-i Handicap brought out six of the seven entered, for Lucy Glitters had some days previously bseu .scratched, the handicapped haviug made ta 3 mare's weight "rather too good a tiling" for ths public stomach. Flatoatoher, upon Lucy's retire- ment, came into prominent notice for the groat event, and upon his putting in an appearanoe fot saddling ho was at onoo surrounded by a crowd of admirers, whose support was in general accorded at very short odds between the gallant grey and the field. It appeared to us before thi race that "old flat" ivent tenderly on his fees, and that ho showed symptôme of lameness in his off hind log. However, his partisans ra> ma'med " fond" to the lost, and as ho noarod th.' lead;r at the three-quarter mile-post, in th: second round, further investments wero made o : his chance, then momentarily looking hopeful Gaffer Grey looked as well as ever, and pilotee by Mitchell, .riding for tho first time in Mr Cowell's colours, thero woro many who trusted the good luck which has so frequently attende.] this hero of the Western District. Dospitcl also was in blooming condition, and lier part} expressed a reasonable confidence that noithor o tho greys could givo hor 141b. and a beating-. calculation which, sa fur as it wont, proved to b. " quite correct"' Mormon, lato Praxiteles, quiti overlooked by the cognoscenti, who perhaps re membored only his very indifferent publio runnin; in the present season, proved to be muan to good for tho field opposed to him on this occasion although weighted at the unfavourable impost o Sst. 101b. The handicap was much and properl icniplaiucd of in respect of the relative weight edjudged to Mormon and Lucy Gilt era, lookia; to their last performances together in publio and the success of the former by no mean? re deems the. injustioo, or excuses tho blundering; to speak most rnildiy, of the handicap as concocted At the same time, it will bo remembered tin twelve and oighteen months suico Mormon, thai Prox'tteleSjShowedagoodturnofspoed, andaoapj eily forracingin goodcompany, which his later par fuimanceshavo fallon far short of. Wo trust thero i room to hope that his earlier form will have r<3 turned to lum, and that many turf victories wil j et fall to him and his plucky, Btraightfor tv J.r. owner. Tho Soiling Stakes proved tone anotue "good thing" for Lucy Glitters,who was knocie down aftor the raco to Mr. Dowling for £81 prico at which sho will Bcaroely bo cheap a? racer, unless she eau get into handicaps on th favourable terms sho has been accustomed te Hie Town Plato proved to bo one of thoi " flukes" which support tho fielders in their in veterato opposition to .tho pretouiions of f.i vourites. On tho flag being dropped, Datmtl031 upon whom 3 to 1 was freely offered, ran out and took Donation with him, losing so m io' ground that, although ho subsequently collara the maro, lie could not liyo with hor, and sa non easily by two lengths! Tho Scurry Stake were contested by two moderate and two v<ir lad animals ; and Miss Wildspin having woo. til second heat, was allowed a walk over for th third, Forty-four being altogether " used up" U her first effort. Kcspeoting future events, tho publio wat silent, except as to the Two Thousand Guia'» Stakes, for whioh tho Flying Jib was backe twioa at 200 to l8, with an offer to go on once c twice moro ; but the layer's offer being only 10 t 1 to another score, tho commission was not cm pje.od. There wero also some inquirios about tu I flying Buok, and we bolievo somo money wou' i have been invested, but the bookmaker a-off. «as not sufficiently liberal. Wo subjoin tho details of the' racing : - TUB »LUDEN l'LATB, Of 50 sovs. One milo and a half. Weight f< age. Entrance, 4 sovs. llr.Traoy'a gr g TorySoy, 8 yri, by Wollaton, 7st. 61b.(U'Goo). Air. Morrison ns b g Black Doctor, 3 yrs, 7it. Sib (Holley). I r Ohirnsido's br m ïortross, 5 yrs, D3',. 101b. (illtchoil) . llr J, -Houderson ns b g Drover, aged, lOit. I (Totter). Mr. rowolP« br m Oh My, I yra, Ost 81h (Moore). ilr.JBavln'shtjOiinteit, ayr», ,st. Gib (llondoMon Mr. Yeend'* br c Donation, ¡I jr«, 7it. 81b. (Yean , Jun.) Betting.-6 to 4 agst Donation, 2 to 1 a% Fortress, 5 to 1 agit Black Doctor, (j to 1 sg Toryboy. Toryboy went off with a strong lead, whii hu maintained throughout, and won easily. - 'l'i fécond , placo was hold alternately by Bli Doctor and Donation, FonroaS'remaining tHi or fourth all the-way. Contest lo»t start, a was .never.m..tho"raoo.:rnor,wora -either, of t1 others at .Uauau^tho^frout.-vTh« paco ¡rxt re good, and the little grey was not at all distressed on his returning to scale. -, THE STEWARDS' TLA.TB, Of 30 sovs. One mile. Weight, not under 7at. 101b. Entrance, 3 sovs. Mr. Yulllo b m Lucy Glitters, 6 yr» (Cooke) .. 1 Mr. Wlcklng'» ch'm Kangaroo Jenny, aged (Mooro) 2 Mr. Murdoch'» ro m Result, aged, carried -lib. ovar weight (Jenkins). Mr. M'Kay's br m Lucy, 0 yrs (Mowby). _ " Betting.-3 to 1 on Luoy Glitters. The favourite made the running throughout, and won in the easiest manner possible by 2 lengths, which sho could hovo increased to 10), had hor rider pleased. Result and Lucy hal . nothing to do with the race from the start. TnE WILLIAMSTOWN HANDIOAr, . Of 10 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. Ona mile and three quarters. The second and third horses to save their stakes, Mr. J. Henderson ns b h Mormon, 5 yr», 8st. lOib. (Potter).1 Mr.' Chirnside'» b g Bolero, 0 yr», 7st. 101b. (Ryan) 2 Mr. J. Hondorson na oh m Despatch, 0 yrs, 8 it. 7lb. (Haynes). Mr. Bavin's gr-g Flatcotchor, ngod, Oat. 71b (Parkina). Mr. COFTOU'S gr g Gaffer Grey, ogod, Oat. 71b. (Mitohell). Mr. Hurtlo Fishor's gr h Sir James, 4 yrs, 8it. -iib. (M'Gee). Betting,-5 to 4 agst Flatoatoher, 5 to 2 ajst Gaffer Grey, 5 to 2 agst Despatch, 6 to 1 agst Mormon, 6 to 1 agst Bolero, 8 to 1 agst Sir James. Mormon getting well off, was the first to begin, and carno around the first turn two lengths in advance, Sir James, Bolero, and Despatch lying next, the two greys bringing up tho rear. At the turn past the stand, Despatch drew forward, and the Gafier parted company with Flat.-nearing the leader. At tho back of-tbo course Sir James was beaten ; and coming to the old horseshoe tura Flatcatcher seemed, for a few strides, to be I getting up, but from some cause, approximating to lamoness from tenderness in his feet, he was unable to struggle on, and he fell book heaton. Despatch made her effort half a milo I from home, but was unable to reach the winner, who galloped homo an easy victor by threa lengths. Bolero passed Despatch at the distónos, and secured the second place from her; the others wore nulled up, and, as well as Despatch, dismounted before coming to scalo, consequently no horse could claim the money for third placa. Gaffer Grey ran exceedingly gamoly throughout, but could not carry the weight {Oat. 71b.) to the front. Platcatcher pulled up lame behind. THE SELLING STAKES, Of 50 sovs. One mile and a half. Weight for age, with allowances according to price. Ea tranoe, 3 sovs, Mr. Yuille'» b m Luoy Giittor«, S yrs (£10), Sit. 81b.(Oooko).1 Mr. ChlrnBido's b g Boloro, 0 yrs (£70), Oat. lib. (Ryan) . 2 Mr. Cblrnslde's br a Barton, agod (£70), Oat. lib. (Mitchell) Mr Colo's b m Mountain Moid, . yra '(£70), 8st. 81b. (Yoond.juti.) Mr. W. Tracy's oh g Alma, aged (£40), 8at. 81b. (ot< nor). Mr. M'Hafue'd b g Shophordoss, 8 yrs (£70), Cat. 61b. (Cousins). Mr, Powell's Moonshine was scratched. Betting.-G to 4 on Lucy Glitters, 2 to 1 agst Mountain Maid, 5 to 1 agst Barton, 5 to 1 agst Alma. Lucy Glitters lod after the first quartor oE a milo, and won as she liked. THE TOWN PLATE, Of 60 sovs. Two miles. Weight for age. En- trance 5 sovs. Mr. Boyd's bl m Block Boss, 0 yr», lOst. lib (Pot- ter) .1 Mr. Long'»bro Dauntless, 8 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Hayuos) 2 Mr. Ycoud'a br o Donatlou, 8 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Yeend, jun) .3 Mr. Bavin*» gr g Flatcotchor, agod .. .. ..dr. Bolting.-3 to 1 on Dauntless. Upon the flag being dropped the fnvourito rai out in the direction of Melbourne, and carried Donation with him. Black Bess by this contre temps had gained nearly a quarter of a milo before the two colts wero brought book upon the course. Dauntless speedily gained upon tho mare and seemed to be overhauling her, but his previous exertions left him without an effort at the last, and Bess won easily by three lengths, TUE soimity STAKES, Of 30 sovs. Three-quarter milo heats. Weight, not less thon 8st. Post entry, 3 sovs. Til3 winner to bo sold for 30 bovs., and any surplus to go to the fund, Mr. Lang'» ch m Hiss Wildspln, aged (Haynes) 2 11 Mr. Forbo«' b m Forty-four, aged (Ryan) ..1 2 dr. Mr. Powell'«b m YanlBh, 4 yrs (Mooro) ..0 0 dr. Mr. Mawby'» gr m Peerlos«, 0 yrs (Mawby) .. 0 0 dr. Betting.-5 to 4 ou Forty-four, 0 to 4 agst Miss Wildspin ; after the first heat, 2 to 1 on Forty-four. Foityfour made the most of a favourable start for thu first heat-thoy all got away in Indian file -Miss Wildspin losing some 40 yards at the beginning, which she was unable to recovor, though she came with a fine rush at the lost, and was only beaten by half a hoad. Ia the second boat, Forty-four and Miss Wlldspia started 20 lengths before the others, the bay more having again the bost of it. Miss Wlldspia, however, caught her half a mile from home, and defeated her easily in the run in. The third heat was a walkover. The winner was sold for £35. CUMBERLAND AND WESTMORELAND WRESTLING ASSOCIATION. The annual Christmas matches of this asso- ciation commenced yesterday, at Mr. C. Bryan's hotel, Franklin-street, North Melbourne). The prizes offered amounted to £150, and this liberality in the management induced a cor- responding disposition on the part of competitors, who came forward with a free determination to do their host for the honours and emoluments. Seventy- four entered for the prize for men of all weights, which was won by William Robley, his last opponents being John Melburn and John Younghusband. The prize for the standing high leap was won by Wm. Arm- strong, clearing 4ft. 2tn., John Younghus- band second, and George Tindall third. The best for the running high leap was John Young- husband, who cleared 4ft.10in. ; the second and third being undecided between Mr. Mortimer and Samuel Furness. Other matches were com- menced, which will be brought to a conclusion this day (Thursday). THE HURLING MATCH. This favourite Irish game was made a Christmas amusement yesterday, at Mr. O'shanassy's Kew Hotel. So rarely has such a thing even been thought of in Victoria that a good deal of excitement was got up respecting it, the re- sult being that a tolerably large number of persons, mostly Irishmen, were upon the ground by 2 o'clock. After some delay, 24 men were chosen, who divided themselves into two sides, one wearing green cups, and the other pink. For the benefit of those who are not familiar with the nature of the game, we will in- form them that it is played by parties of men armed with sticks, at the end of which is a paddle-shaped blade. A ball is thrown among them, which, each party strives to knock towards a goal. Albeit the game is more suitable for a winter than a summer amusement, there was a good deal of fun about it, various trifling acci- dents, such as broken shins and the like, only exciting laughter, which was always joined in by the sufferers. In the present instance the pinks won the two first goals, and, consequently, the game. Other matches were, however, got up, and the game continued till nearly sundown. CHRISTMAS EXHIBITIONS. It has been a noticeable fact, that space is gradually being found in our community for those "exhibitions" of wonderful objects of nature or art, which are so frequently to be met with in the mother-country. Whether this is of advantage to us or not it is hardly worth while considering now; suffice it to say that we have three exhibitions now in Melbourne all of which are of the kind alluded to, viz, curiosities. Two are natural ones, and we have no option but to class the "fat boy" and the " bull with six legs" in one category. They are both worth seeing by those endowed with a well proportioned bump of wonder, and may be said to demand a little description in these Christmas times, when all Melbourne people are bent upon amusing themselves, and largely patronise such things. Commencing with the higher animal. we may remark that the published proportions of the ''fat' boy" are no exaggerations. He really does weigh 20st., and measures 61 in, round the shoulders, 57 in. round the waist, 21 in. round the calf, 39in. round the thigh, 21 in. round the arm, and 5ft. 5in. in height. With all those ex- traordinary proportions he is only 12 years of age, a fact which is certified by a baptismal certi- cicate exhibited with him, setting forth that he was the second son of his father, a resident of Brisbane Water, New South Wales, and was born on November 29, 1848. He is exceedingly healthy looking, walks with difficulty, and is doubtless the victim of some natural disorder. He is being shown at No. 130 Bourke-street east. Nearly opposite is the " reception-room" of the " bull with six legs." This animal is four years old, alive, and in first-rate condition, his hinder parts being supplemented with a duplicate of them, which does not appear to inconvenience him. He was brought down from the Murrum- bidgee sometime since, and was the first of the "mob" to take to the river, his "double" parts being perfectly buoyant in the -water. It is so rare that such an animal survives the birth that the one in question is really a curiosity. The other exhibition has been so long among us was to be quite naturalized. It is Sobier's Wax- work Exhibition and Phrenological Museum. This is to be found in two saloons in Bourke street, nearly opposite Nunn's Hotel. The lower one is crowded with figures, almost every one of which is sure to be included in any exhibition of this kind, Mrs. Jarley's being very nearly a prototype of the whole, save the Baker-street exhibition of Madame Tussaud. Here are " Jans Shore and the humane baker ;" Mademoiselle Sappe, the traditional sexagenarian coquette; Margaret Scott, aged 120; our Gracious Majesty handling a sceptre which bears a close resemblance to what two legs of a chair fixed end to end and gilded might be supposed to be ; Prince Albert; and the rest of the Royal family; a few other crowned heads and extraordinary personages, to which may be added the never-to-be-missed " Judgement of Solomon." The most interesting feature of the "show" is, however, a colonial " Chamber of Horrors," which is to be found in the upper room. Here are ranged rows and rows of figures of men who have been hung in Melbourne. In each case the faces are modelled from casts taken after execution, and the writer of these lines, whose unpleasant duty it has frequently been to watch the last dying moments of many of our colonial condamnes, can bear witness to their terrible fidelity. Here are life-like representa- tions of Waines, of the Casterton murder ; Cham- berlaine and Armstrong, the Omeo murderers ; Ryan, who murdered a man at Indigo; Von See, who killed his mate ; Thompson, the black, who murdered a man at Ballarat for the sake of a few pounds ; Mason, who killed his mate in the depths of the Ballan forest, and was found watching the fire in which he had nearly con- sumed the body ; Condon, Jackson, and Dickson, the terror of the Ballarat district in 1855 ; and the latest executed criminal, the man M'Donald, who killed his wife at Bendigo a few months since. Parted from the rest are a group of Price's murderers, among which is Melville, dressed in the clothes he died in, and represented in the act of attacking his gaoler, sharpened spoon in hand. The phrenological museum is at one end of this apartment, and contains a number of casts of heads. Each of these exhibi- tions is proving considerably attractive during this Christmas season, the visitors being nu- merous. GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WEDNESDAY, DEO. 26. Were horses reasoning and reflective animals, it would be highly important and instructive could we by any means manage to get their no- tions of their fellow-animals- men-promulgated through the press. Christmas and Easter holi- days —the two seasons of the year when every one who can afford one sports his Rosinante, and when every tradesman who aspires to be a John takes his turn at the " ribbons "-must be periods of special dread to every member of the equine family. At these seasons whalebone, silk, and steel, are called into special requisition to stimulate the flagging courage of our noble quadru- peds ; and, to see the way these restoratives are administered, a disinterested spectator would be inclined to think man the less noble creature of the two. But as horses are our slaves, and not competent to express any opinion upon the manner of our treatment of them, except by bucking, kicking, or bolting, I presume the uninitiated behove that a horse is a kind of animated machine, that can feel no pain and suffer no fatigue, and that, so long as the rider's or driver's endurance lasts, the brute's must, and that, consequently, he may buck, kick, and bolt if he can, but if he does, it is an infringement of the statute in that case made and provided ; and spite of Martin's Act, the piscine and Brum- magem medicines already noticed are to be ap- plied with increased vigour. What has all this to do with Christmas you will ask. Well, a good deal; for yesterday nearly every 'unter, 'ack, nag, or 'oss, was out of town, on pleasure bent - (poor brutes, I envy them not their Christmas holidays) - at least the "humans" who accompanied them were. During the whole of yesterday morning the roll and rattle of vehi- cles were incessant. Queenscliff, Duneed, Barwon Heads, Bream Creek, You Yangs' summit, Little River, Duck Ponds, Fyansford, the vineyards —all had their votaries; and those who could not, or would not, sport a bit of horseflesh, or a one-horse "shay," tumbled out in the after- noon to the Botanical Gardens. But, besides those who preferred the overland route to Queenscliff and its lion of questionable fame — Buckley's cave - there were numerous pleasure seekers by water, and the majority of the yachts in the bay, and of the boats on the Barwon, were pressed into the service of holiday folks. The weather was magnificent ; a clear and almost cloudless sky, and a bright summer sun, whose rays were tempered by a tolerably stiff sea breeze, contributed in no small degree to make everything pleasant and enjoyable, even to the small misfortunes of capsizes and breakdowns, of which, I am sorry to say, there were, yesterday, rather an unusual number, but except in the case of a Mr. Bennet, a tinsmith, nothing of a serious nature occurred. The latter gentleman was, how- over, very much injured by the accidental explo- sion of a loaded gun, the contents of which, small shot, lodged in his breast and face. Several ladies are reported to have met with scratched faces, &c;, and not a few of the quadrupeds which were " out" yesterday are, to-day, follow- ing the example of the feathered tribe-resting on half of their pins. The bill of fare for to-day is varied with the rifle-match, under the auspices of the Commun na Feine Society ; races at Belmont, a fete at Fyansford, and the usual annual games and dancing at the Rosemary Branch and George and Dragon Hotels. Singular to say, the attendance at the rifle-match is exceedingly small ; but whether this arises from the public being afraid to face the well-known stench of the ground where it is being held, from the number of broken bottles lying about, or from the mistake as to the days named in the bills of the society, I am not aware. The weather to-day is again splendid, and exceedingly favourable to all out- door sports, particularly to the shooting, the wind not being so strong as it was yesterday. The shooting is excellent. Up to the time I write (about 3 o'clock), out of some 40 competitors at the 200 yard's range, two have marked 9 points (Zimmer and Warner), two have marked 8 points, and nine have marked 7 points. The firing at the 400 yards' range is not expected to com- mence till after 4 o'clock, and it may not termi- nate to-night. A few of the shops were opened in the forenoon, but the majority of them were closed at 1 o'clock. Numbers of parties have gone out of town again to-day, to enjoy the country air. 