DISCLOSURES AT NAPLES. J The Naples correspondent of the Daily i Nevis, writing on the 10th July, states that 1 he had had an interview with Francisco r Casanova, who had just been delivered from the Neapolitan dungeons. He looked like a ghost, and appeared bewildered. He resi lated his story as follows: "I landed in Genoa from Boston, some time in 1 1853, and wishing to see the south of Italy, train . veiled until I came over to Viterbo, when I was a cautioned not to go to-Rome ; but I still persevered in my intention of doing so, when I was arrested as A not having a passport, carried to the Eternal City, ' where I was placed in the Careers Nuovo. Not satisfied with the report I gave of myself, I was tortured for three months as follows My hands and arms, were bound together, and then, by ropes tied round the upper part of the arms, they were drawn back till my breast protruded, and my bones sounded crick, crick.' There was another species of torture practised upon me, which was this At night, whilst sleeping, the door was secretly P. opened, and buckets of -water were thrown over my > body. How I survived it I cannot tell ; the keep k ers were astonished, and said they never had such an instance I ' but you will never get out alive, I was told. I replied that I never expected to do so, and prayed for the angel of death to come. The worst torture of all, however, was the prison itself , a room into which a few rays of light struggled ' from above, and the stench of which was as bad as death. For three months I suffered thus, and then, without any reason assigned, was taken from it and I placed, always alone, in a room called ' Salon die Press,' a large airy room, and was well fed and well , treated for twenty-one months more. I was pri A soner of Cardinal Secretary Antonelli. About the middle of 1855, again, without any reason being \- given, I was sent off to Naples, was placed first in the Victoria, and afterwards in San Francisco, in a small close room, where I was detained for four years and a half. I was questioned on several occasions, and at last refused to answer, saying that 1 my persecutors already knew what I had to say, that I was unjustly and illegally confined, i and nothing should compel me to utter another word. On another occasion I was called before Bianchinl, the director of police, who interrogated me. I appealed against my sufferings, and all the 1 reply I received was Va bene, va bene,' from a Christian man to one suffering as I was. I have been asked to send a supplication for my liberation, but my invariable answer was, I will die first ; never will I ask anything of this Government. When first I arrived here I had a little money, which for a short time procured me better food than prison fare, and then by degrees I sold my clothes. At last I sold my black bread to have a little salt to sprinkle over my beads, and sometimes to procure a little incense to relieve the horrid stench of my prison. As for water for purposes of cleanliness, it was never supplied me, and all that I could do was to dip one of my own legs , and a jug of drinking water, and wash some portions of my body. During the day I could repose, but at night I was covered with black beetles, ideas, '. lice, and every conceivable species of vermin. I ? expected death, and desired and prayed for it as a . relief, but it never came. My clothes were at last so reduced, that I was all but naked, and so I have i passed four summers and winters, pacing up and down my narrow chamber. ' I will show you my prison dress,' said he and going out, returned in a few moments. He might have stood as a model i for L iKiu-us risen from the tomb. The lower part of his body was covered with a thin pair of linen , drawers, nothing more. On his feet was a pair of shoes, with soles and upper leathers all in holes. He had no shirt, but over the upper part of his body was thrown a rug, something like a common kitchen towel, one corner of which he had placed on his head, as the long elfin locks, which had not. been cut for many years, hung down over his neck and shoulders. He appeared more like a brute beast than a Christian man. See this rag,' said he how I have blotched It ! This was my dress, and so did I paced up and down my solitary den.'" Writing again, on the 14th, the correspondent describes the changed state of feelings in Naples : "I do not know Naples now, so changed is its aspect. Faces that I have not seen for twelve years appear in every street and square. They have come from foreign exile ; from confinement in some frontier town or village s from some voluntary lurking place, the retirement to which was their only security from persecution ; from the prison and tile bagnio ; all have met together again, by hundreds and thousands, in the capital of what was once the Two Sicilies. Revolution is said to turn the dregs uppermost. Yet the appearance and the manner of those who now appear on the scene contradict the common proverb in their very attitude their is an air of self-respect and independence to which I have long been a stranger. I do not I see the assumption of the swagger of the over., bearing, or the timidity of the man who drops his friend, and walks on before, because so and so is coming, or whispers and looks over his shoulder for fear that such and such a person is listening. No, all this has passed away, and I meet erect, independent, out-spoken men, Aly life here has brought are, too, into frequent intercourse with them, ; and, accustomed as I have been to the trivialities and the qualities rendered at first necessary, and afterwards habitual,, by despotism, I have been astonished at the new tone of thought and converse 1 tion. The Neapolitans now reason and talk like men, and that which gives more hope of them is that there is a degree of self-restraint about them which is in the highest degree creditable, after the sufferings to which they have been so long exposed. It is clear that the intellect of the country ! tins for years been out of it, or in seclusion, or in J imprisonment. Two documents, printed and widely ) circulated, produced a considerable sensation.- The t first, a phillipa by Settombrlui against the Boer , Sons, sold in every street, and urging annexation ; the second, a letter from De Beiicdlctis, lately a ' lieutenant in the engineers, in the service of his 1 Majesty, now major in the pioneers of Garibaldi, f Let me now give you a description of some of the external features of the city. We , have likenesses of Victor Emmanuel and p of Garibaldi In every shop window, and multitudes crowd round them to admire ; In short, there is at 1 present a furore for the Ko Galantuome and the Hero of' Sicily. The streets are patrolled us vigil f lantly as ever by soldiers, and a state of siege ex ., Ists all but in name. No civic guard, no police, , have as yet been formed, or are visible, and yet, I take it altogether, the public order has been us a great or greater than it was before the shirts were I removed. Some decrees published last night an point Prince Iscliitella commander of the National Guards, and Name the commanders of the twelve quarters of the city, as also a number of inspectors r of police. I have heard of only one member of this reformed body making his appearance as yet, 1 and that was in the Florcnthii a few nights since. . Francesca di Rimini was the piece performed, and it was received with immense enthusiasm ; but, on a single ' tss' from the inspector, order was riding c acutely restored. He wore on his arm a tri-coloured , scarf, and was in plain clothes, and instead of sit ) ting, as was formerly the case, watching the spee l tutors, he turned towards the stage. Home of the members of the old police, who had the imprudence to appear in public, have been attacked this week. 1 The Inspector Cimmiuo was struck with a knife in the groin near the Slrudii San Giacomo on Thurs 1 day night and the Inspector Spinell!, a follower 2 of Campagna, well known, and feared, received seven knife wounds. Several quarrels, too, have arisen between the lazzaroni and the military in which the latter got the worst and yesterday orders were sent by the Prefect to the Conimumf ) and of the city to hold himself in readiness us to a descent of soldiers was expected on the limits i Seecu. Many of the old police are confined in the old prisons of the Prefecture, whither they have > lied for protection. On going to visit the criminals' of these prisons I passed through a number of these , gentry." j 