LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, JULY 10. PRIMARY EDUCATION.BtLU nirrAK O'CONNELL, on using to move the second reading of this bill, spoke as follows -I am r Mr to bring in a measure in which is one of great general interest, and one which, I am sure, hon. members of this Council will begin 1 as j cou ung Seirbts'nnd most earnest attention. It is not necessuyintho present day to go into iii" its ment of tlieiesponaibilitj of the state for despised of education amongst the great masses of the people This obligation is now admitted as III axiom, and amongst a people is so, like ourselves, print and publish our laws of colour information, and admit no excuse in their administration for ignorance of them, it is more immediate paper at that it is the duty of the state as far as possible, to provide that the great body of the people should 1 at any one be able to lead the laws they are called on to obey Aloreoi ei, as has been ii el obs v ed) " it is politic in the state to make provision for popular instruction, as the best foundation of national police, order, and, pi open it We are about to cut I, then, upon one of the great duties of legrd ition, and although the title of this bill may not seem to cover a very complicated subject, I think I shall be able to satisfy honorable members before I sit down that the task before us is by no means an easy one Honorable members might think that a bill to provide for primary education in Queensland discloses no very great difficulties to be over-, come, that little boys and girls under twelve y ears of age might be taught to lead, suite, and cypher, without necessitating any great exercise of human wisdom in providing the means, but the fact is, that our social system has been ne, s j comillie cited thedtflercnces in religious opinion have' become so various (and God forbid that I election, however much the state may put it aside in Tiieidciting secular instruction, should not press through the very pores of any and every step of general education) that what would other IN be very simple matter assumes a phase of difficulties which it requires a great amount of good sense, and forbearance from prejudice on all sides to get over Fortunately for us in Queensland these difficulties do not enhanced by any pie existing systems of education of long" standing As yet there have been but far public schools established within the colony, an 1 these leeches but a comparatively small contribution from the gemini revenue As far as I have been able to procure in formation on this head therefore exist in Queensland, leceivingaidfioni the yet enacted denominational schools, and tin ec nation at school-, and the contribution male is little" over £1000 per annum This infancy of the system of education in this colony gives me, lion ear, but scanty statistics to fill back upon in stating my case, and I have no means of giving you, home Reliable information, any account of the line is the nature and the amount of public education in the press utmost impel ted in this colony, nor will venture to say anything from the want of reliable data on the local war loan g of the systems in operation but up to within a very short time past the systems in operation here have been part and parcel of those existing in New South Wales, and we have at command some very valuable information which I shall draw largely on, relative to the n of king of the the great schemes of popular education-the National and Denominational, at a time when her Queensland was yetapoitioit of New South Wales In 1854 the government of New South Wales appointed a Commissioner to visit personally the several districts in which schools supported 1 wholly or in part by the public funds are situated, to examine the scholars, and to report on the state of education and of the schools games dix In December, 1855, that Commission in side their report, and from that document I am now about to quote to you To understand what is before us in reference to popular education, and to put this Council in possession of the motives which have induced the government to introduce the bill am now moting the second leading of, It is well to look back on the it or king of the systems which have obtained in New South Wales, and having done so, I think honorable members it will agree it with me that it is as incumbent on the go internment of this colony to propose some plan which would seem to offer a chance of escaping the en or 6 and waste of resources which then report shorts to have existed I shall not follow the Commissioners through all the heads of their report but confine my self to those of pt many his sentence for our enlightenment on the work to be accomplished in Queensland They reputed amongst other things on the state of school buildings, on the inst action given and the qualification of teachers These are matters Well Worthy of our study, and if the system is in operation in New South Wales did not secure those primary requisites I think no may justly come to the conclusion that some change in the mode of administering the public funds devoted to the purposes of education is required The commission examined 202 schools [The report this here hugely come into New, honorable gentlemen, I confess I use from the consideration of this report with a conviction that it is better to have only one single board for tliendministintioii of the public funds devoted to education, that it is access at to have a constant or as frequent as possible supervision by competent inspectors of the Millons public primary schools throughout the colony that it is advisable to have only one system of imputing secular inst action, and one gener no standard of its competency The provisions of this bill He intended to meet those ends without a mining country totheiehgious feelings on this head of any particular sect or denomination The board is established with power to assist all schools, in whatever part of the colony situated, which in is place themselves put] ally as it holly under its regulations AMien Issy put tially, I mean that those schools requiring assistance only towards the salary of the teacher, and not any aid toil no is then buildings, not have to submit themselves only to periodical Inspection, and the necessity of p or in the the amount of seed for instruction required daily as provided by the 6th clause under this arrangement, whenever any particular denomination is sufficiently long- one to secure a school of its action it will receive assistance tow aids the salad y of the teacher, and the management out of school hours it will remain in the hands of its promoters and protectors And they even, as in most instances I presume will be the case in this colony, the subdivision of sects is so great as to allow of one school only being established for all, the national system will be adopted, under snell modifications as the Board may direct No doubt the Bom 1 of General Education it will possess great port is in its put cul ii province, but it will be composed, I presume, of the best materials the colony affords for the guidance of a system of such high import time to the state of this country, and all its pleasures, either under the clauses of this bill as it now st ind-, or of some additional ones I intend to propose in committee, will be brought annually under the consideration of Parliament, and its operations be always open to the observation of the public hon. members will, I dine bit), hem much more that is interesting in reference to this measure from those it ho it will follow me in this debate and it will not conclude by moving that this bill be read a second time Dr rULLER10> spoke as follows (Hon gentlemen, on ing, as I do my nil to education, and being exceedingly anxious to see its advantages diffused among my turn centuries, I heard with delight the announcement of this bill by the hon mover It reflects great credit on the present ministry), that while they have the hinds lull even here they have deputed their representatives here to initiate an educational riioAsnn e Such a desire to suppose you find such evidence of efficient) airworthy of all praise, and must enhance the high estimation in which those hon gentlemen are already laid in the public of Queensland Had I consider ed myself equal to the task I would gladly lune masthead this subject, but being nature that it is of the greatest importance, una encompassed with many difficulties, I defended any attempt, let, by mt al eliott, I should name the cause I am so turn us to establish I now see good reason to rejoice in the caution exercised, because the bill has been introduced by hon. gentlemen I need for their literary talents and acquire ments, and it whose extensive knowledge has been increased and continued by exper fence and because having evidence before me, that these dis- tinguished gentlemen have titled so iiiliniiubh to produce a bill suited either to the expectations of the people, the limits of the colony, or the advancement of knowledge in the nineteenth century I must conclude that, it then such giants in literature June come solm short of perfection, had tumut induced me to launch my habile burr , I must have committal scriptures I confess it tests my tor titude to the utmost to be obliged to place my humble opinion in opposition to that of the bon mots of this measure, and the promoters of this bill, but it hen 1 accepted the honor of a beat in this Council, I did so with the intention of discharging my duty as far as in six pure and considering it newman to oppose the lull in at present form, I t innot struck them the week although I approach it with great reluctance I trust I shall not still 1 alone in opposing., this bill for I am convinced that, shunt one si ntl it to the Assembly in it) pursuit still they ttouldutliu lejectitut once, or they would 1 return it to us so antecedent nutt little pin sad But its usual I nt the able to recognise our mutual profit lion The bills sent to us by hon members of the Assembly him all been so well consult led, and on the whole judicious that am that has been very agreeable timber request nig nail it is being on his bill going to them it would be bad taste on our put to suit them to the trouble of remodelling, It, or to the painful necessity of ii erecting it And, lion Gentlemen as we must be held account able by our own fonseioilees and by the public for the good or evil that may result from this bill, I trust the importance of the interest! involve J S PI 1 i t Ancient auologyfofiny lacquering that you ivdlcviniine with ineitsseverar])rovisioii°,takiiig"(MClicr''tiO!i seriatim. The fir st section of the bill, by r.'pj.ilhig former ones gives Happy trellises. It sounds the 1-nelljrJt fine old man 1er. t1"' rational system and my response K penny in its 5 ,h.',-Tivsy its spectre never Wore rise to annoy us. Ewpling the unfortunate tithe system, no British stitute ever produced so many heart-burnings and social discords. Any person who had seen the working of the national system in Ireland, as I did, could not look upon it with any other feeling than that with which he would view in instrument of torture in the hands of a maiiMic, bec me it arrayed men under By strike against their fellows, by continually harrow ring' up the most sensitive emotions in the human breast, it and many of its eiitietm.'uts were unjust and oppressive. The second section, appointing a board for life, comes far short of the progress and knowledge of the present period. The day has gone by when grey hairs were taken to be a gun ranted for perfect wisdom, and vi hen' titles and estates were considered indicative of the accumula- tion of all knowledge People are aware now that information is progressive, that science is continually making new discoveries, and that the acquire- ments of youth, if not frequently resuscitated as we advance in years, become obsolete. Hence appoint sentiments for life in educational establishment 'are not popular. The members of the educational board, if worthy of their high position, must be up to the improvements of the day, and to secure this, the board should be reanimated by causing one of the members at least to retire annually) but to be eligible for re-appointment The third section of the J bill, pinpointing ;l minister chairman of the board, seems to me too exacting. When the law farmers took it for granted that the Governor and Executive Council should appoint the board, they should have been satisfied With that they should not have required the Parliament to concede to them the privilege of placing one of the ministers as chairman of the board, nor should they have imposed greater responsibility upon the ministry, already. weighed down by the oppressive loud of their arduous duties. The fourth section, by in corporating the board, gives it such ample powers that the Parliament musMee good reason why the board should be kept Within the pale of their jurisdiction, and not be irresponsible to Parliament. The fifth section, making rules and bye-laws seems perfectly anomalous. It empowers the board to make rules and bye-laws 'Which must be the development of the system-the quintessence of the wnolc'erniotmeiit-by which the whole will be read dered either useful or' the opposite, and over which the Parliament should certainly have a controlling power a But a clause states that the Parliament are to be tantalised by being allowed to see the ' Government Gazette' which shall contain these said rules and bye-laws, after they shall have been Approved by the Governor, and consequently have become the law of the colony. Hence any poor boy getting sixpence presented to him to buy a copy of the 'Gazette' can be placed on a par with any hon. member of parliament. , No ministry however strong they may feel themselves to be, could intend such an insult to a body of educated gentlemen. It must be a misprint and the band that placed them types should be doomed to exclusion from the precincts of any printing-office for' life. lion, gentlemen, you ? seem to think any sentence hasty ; but if the printer . be blameless, I say deliberately, that the trainers of this bill must imagine that the parliament of Queensland are shamefully regardless of their position as trusty servants of their Queen and country; and perfectly forgetful of what is due to themselves, as men. The 6th section, which provides assistance for schools, is an embodiment of all that is eligible or hateful in this bill ; and it is remarkable only for being destitute of what is always characteristic of the manner and production of a true Britain-candour and an above-board open honesty. I expected to have found in this section a declara- tion of the system which our irresponsible board with a minister as its chairman, was about to give us. No man is laid before us. All is concealed ; but on close inspection of this portion of the bill I felt a rigor coming over me, and the hateful spectre of the national system, which I hoped we had interred securely by the first clause, seems again to raise its head. Oh ! for an exercise of sufficient power to put it down now and for ever ! From the impression made upon the retina of my mind's eye by this spectre shadowed forth in the distance, this measure must be a compound production. The head and foreparts indicate the national, but the hinder parts betray the presence of that still more hateful creature, the denominational system. The spectre is evidently of hybrid ous origin, and at the worst it could not exist long ; for, mules seldom re- produce, and are consequently the most short-lived species either in the animal or vegetable kingdom. But this clause may be another misprint. I am inclined to think so from the fact, that the > highly talented and equally respected Colonial Secretary has given notice of a bill to discontinue state-aid to religion and the same ministry could not intend to do good by with- holding state-aid when it may be wanted and at the same time resolve to > perpetrate the greatest evil, by continuing this said state-aid in the primary stage of education, where it is less required and more distasteful; thus poisoning the streamlets of'. society at the very fountain. Let us not entertain such a conclusion, and let it not be published, lest our enemies should rejoice at so lamentable an instance of human weakness. Believe me, lion, gentlemen, I form a higher opinion of your individual and combined merits than to fancy for one moment that your first production as legislators for this colony could possibly be allowed to come forth to hybrid. Methinks I hear one and all of you say that our system shall be a general system that we shall not cast the apple of discord among the youth of this happy land, by, introducing the demon of sectarianism into our system of education that we shall roar our broad blue 'bunting for the youth of Queensland to muster under, and that we shall have no hangers on,' with blood-stained colours, to tarnish its lustre. Again I hear you say that our system must be purely secular ; we shalt not introduce the religious element; but we will subscribe to the bible society, so that each youth in Queensland being furnished with a bible may be accustomed to consider it his birth-right, his first and best of gifts. And to secure attention to the religious instruction of all, we shall set apart a portion of one day each week, on which the youth shall carry their bibles, catechisms, and other religious books, " to their church, chapel, or other place, as preferred, to be taught their religion by their own clergy, or by others appointed by the parents for that important duty. By this arrangement each denomination of Christians would provoke the other to good works, and each would be curious to have their religious classes well attended on that week day, as they are anxious to see their churches well filled on the Sabbath ; while the demon of sectarianism and discord would soon be starved out, by lack offered to feed upon ; and our youth would be united, in harmony with each other, and in a common love to that God who created them, and the Saviour who redeemed them. The 7th section, which provides inspectors will, I I trust, be limited by excluding the denominational system. Private schools there must needs be but so long as they do not violate the laws, nor disturb the public peace, there is no reason why we should legislate for them. The 8th section, establishing exhibitions, at first glance seems specious and liberal ; but when looked at a second time it appears evident that it would obstruct nil liberality. It virtually says to the many generous and large hearted squatters and millionaire's of Queensland, you must not be liberal ; but we shall tax you and deal out your bounty by rule. Founding exhibi- tions or scholarships for schools, colleges, or universities, is very laudable and truly ennobling to the donors, when they are granted its the free will offerings of private individuals j but for us to put our hands to the scanty pittance set apart for general education ; which will be always too limited and to distribute even 5 per cent; of this small sum could not be praiseworthy. Asa legislative enact- ment I should consider it a stigma on our character; because in a rich country like Australia, it would, in my opinion, be a mistaken policy, lion, gentlemens' am sorry I cannot coincide with the provisions made by this bill ; nor can I vote for its being read a second time, except with the distinct understanding that it shall be altered in committee. After some remarks from Mr. BALFOUR in favor of the bill, Mr. ROBERTS asked what system of educa- 1 lion the bill intended to favor. 1 Captain O'CONNELL having replied that it was intended to meet the requirements of the public, and not to favor either system, Sir CHARLES NICHOLSON sold that, taking up the subject with the question which had just been asked, he would venture to say, in addition to the answer that had been made, that the requirements of the colony distinctly called for the adop- tion of the national system of education, with some unimportant modifications. He must con- j loss that he could not clearly understand Doctor Fullerton'!, views, or the conclusions at which he had arrived in reference to the two by items of education. The hon. member piece sell himself in favour of a purely secular system, and so far was in favour of the national scheme for if' the hon. member had taken the trouble to read the publication of the National Board in Sydney, or made himself acquainted with the system as carried out in Ireland, which he would venture to say, notwithstanding the hon. member's allusion to education in that country, he had not done if he had done this, he would know is that it was competent for the parents of any child to require that he should not be present at the London g Of the Scripture reason. In the regulations of the Board, the work was most strictly defined, and each hum- devoted to some particular study so that the hour for reading the Scripture lesson was known. The selection of Scripture lemons-a most tUiliiinible one-hour been made by representatives of the different denominations in Dublin-these being Archbishop Whately, the Roman Catholic Archbishop, and distinguished members of the Presbyterian and Wesleyan bodies. Since the selection had been made some of the Roman Catholics If id objected to their children receiving instruction at the hands of Protestant teachers. There was now an express law providing that in the event of any parents intimating a desire that children should not be present during the reading of the Scripture lesson their wishes should be carried out. There was also an express provision by which clergymen, if they chose to do so, could come at a specified hour and give religious instruction to children of their own tumoulin tion. Now what was this but a purely secular system, which his hon. friend said was the perfection of educational schemes. The great merit of the system was its strict neutrality. Its unpopularity in Ireland was due in a great measure to its having run counter to the sectarian and illiberal principles which prevailed there and yet no country, with the exception of Canada, was so well educated as Ireland. There were no less than (100,000 children receiving instruction there of the most superior character. The immense improvement of the people in that country during the last few years was attributable in a great measure to this fact. The system that prevailed in England-a, purely denominational one-was a most miserable feature. The system of the Privy Council in England was a most defective and costly one. He had this on the authority of the Secretary to the Privy Council, the lion, Robe t Lawe. fair Charles Nicholson then' quoted from the " Edinburgh Review" on the subject of the system of education prevailing in Eng- land.] There was last year to grant of upwards of a million for this system, and whereas four million children should be receiving instruction under it, there were only one million receiving . it. Half the adult population of England could neither read nor write. After quoting from a speech of Sir John Pakington, Sir Charles said that the only way by which com petentteaehers could be secured would be by instituting a proper system of inspection, and the establish- inventors central board. He therefore conceived that a system analogous to the national system's" Ireland would be desirable. He spoke after twelve years connection with the board of education in Sydney. He would invite the hon. member who objected so strongly to the national system to visit the model schools in Sydney, which he believed to be superior to any schools of that description to be found elsewhere. With regard to the hon. member's remarks as to giving each boy a bible by way of religious instruction, such a gift would by a Roman Catholic be regarded as an indignity, and he did not think, much as he valued the book, that putting a bible into the hands of a half-taught child was the way to teach it either religion or morality. As to parliament appointing the board, in so doing it would be usurping the functions of the Queen's representatives. It might as well claim to appoint the Chief Commissioner of customs. Of course, the appointment could only be made by the Queen's responsible ministers. He believed the government were prepared to amend the clause which the hon. member (Dr. Fullerton) had complained of, in reference to the duration of office in the case of members of the board. They would be ready to limit the tenure of office to five years. His hon, friend had, in speaking of the bill, conjured up a ghost, and talked of mules and hybrids, but he would do him (Sir C. N.) the favor of reading the resolutions of the Board of National Education, and would go and examine the working of the schools in Sydney, he should be much surprised if he did not become a convert to the system. It had been observed that, it would be impossible that any other than a mixed system should be adopted in the country districts, and with this he fully agreed. He had at one time doubted the propriety of reading the scripture lesson ; but, looking at the state of society, and the profligate character of the parents of many children, and taking the lowest educational grounds, he thought that it would be advisable for this lesson to be read, in the country schools at least. The children should be taughtcertiiin great facts of the Bible, irrespective of any dogmatic teaching. He might, perhaps, be inclined to dispense with the scripture lesson in the towns, where religious instruction was more easily attainable. He could scarcely go the length of his hon. friend, in advocating one system for the country and another for the towns. There should, he thought, be one uniform system throughout the colony. There was great advantage to be gained from bringing the children of different religious denominations together in their earliest years, and he thought the general lesson read every week in the national schools most admirably adapted to teach the sort of spirit that should prevail in the schools. Sir Charles then read the lesson referred to, and asked whether such a lesson was not likely to be productive of the very best results that could be hoped from moral and religious training. Such results he believed had been realised by the national system. He believed that the bill presented a machinery alone applicable to the colony. It might be found desirable in the course of time to adopt the system which prevails in Canada, where the different municipalities have the power of imposing a local rate for the maintenance of schools, at present he thought a system of centralisation would be pre- Caralue. In Canada there were between 3000 and 4000 primary schools, antWn addition to these grammar schools and a university. That was the state of things he would wish to see in this colony. There should be, he thought, a foundation made for permanent funds for the local support of schools, bectiustfj&tlu;! time would arrive, when it would be impossible to charge the. revenue with the whole amount required for educational purposes. The first clause of the bill provided that all land should vest in the new Board, and therefore it would be incumbent upon future administrators to maintain the schools as national. The Board, was created by the bill, would have the power of initiating schools, and also of granting assistance to schools not initiated by it. The only schools that could be initiated must be those analagous in their constitution to national schools. On the conveyance of the fee simple of the land, and the collection of a certain amount of money, the Board would be empowered to grant twice that sum for the purpose of erecting a school. One of the conditions required was that there should be local patrons representing the different religious denominations. The schools would have to be erected on certain plans, and be subject to certain provisions as to furniture and other details. The commissioners would at ni'iy time be ready to listen to the complaints or recommendations of the local patrons under whose management the schools would he conducted. The duties of all concerned would be, clearly laid down, and the schools would be subject to inspection, the teachers being required to bring forward testimony as to attendance &c.; In addition to the schools initiated by the board there were to be others to which it would be allowed to permit assistance. On any of such schools putting themselves under the board, the master was to be subjected to an examination, and would be required to give not less than five hours secular instruction each day. It had been instanced as a hardship that nothing was proposed to be given for the establishment of these latter schools; but if the board were to contribute towards the establishment of schools, it would be necessary that it should have some control, provided for by the conveyance of the fee simple of the land on which they were erected, in order to apply the necessary remedy, whenever the schools were misconducted. Sir Charles then enlarged on the advantages of training and model schools and of inspection, as evidenced by the very superior class of schoolmasters and school mistresses now to be found in the colonies in which the national system was adopted. The speaker also drew attention to the importance of education where the exercise of the franchise was so extended as here, remarking upon the dangerous character of mi uneducated multitude In possession of political power. There was a general desire, he thought, amongst members of the Legislature to devise some great practical scheme of education. The bill now before the house would have to be considered In connection ii Hi the bill to provide for the establishment of a grammar school, and he congratulated his hon. friend, who had introduced this measure, on the position he had assumed, and trusted that he would have the gratification of seeing it, when fully matured, puts into law. Mr. GALLOWAY" spoke briefly in support of the second reading, and, after a short reply from dept. O'CONNELL, the motion was put and passed without division. The Victorian Phonetic Society, after exist" ing in an inactive condition for some time past, has received a fresh impetus by the arrival of its first supply of books and magazines from England. A numerously attended meeting of the committee was held yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institution, for the purpose of framing the rules and regulations under which the newly arrived works are to be circulated amongst the numbers. An ignorant man who " stands upon his dignity " is like the follow who tried to cultivate himself by standing upon a piece of brown paper. 