PRESENTED AT COURT. (From a late English paper.) So much has been said and written respect- ing the volunteer levee, on Wednesday last, that it has been with the greatest difficulty we have persuaded an eye-witness to under- take the difficult task of giving us an origi- nal account of what he underwent. Fearing that in the attempt he may to some extent have drawn upon our credulity, we caution the reader against placing too implicit confi- dence in his account. The only stipulation our eye-witness has made is that the descrip- tion be given in the plural " we," and in ex- planation of his demand he has (from some unknown source) quoted the following lines :— "How much an editor would lose if he, Abandoning mysterious ' incogs,' Wrote little ' I' instead of mighty ' We,' For when a man the public memory jogs In a tremendous slashing leading article, To stamp upon the thunderbolt ' Tim Snogs,' Would spoil its efficacy no small particle. Besides there is a virtue in that same plurality, It neutralizes individuality." But to keep the reader no longer in suspense, let us proceed at once to the palace, from which place our eye-witness commences his description : Here we arrived in a hackney cab, about half-past eleven o'clockbeing inspected as we enter the gates by a dense but very or- derly mob, who, it is evident despite the snow, have, sufficient taste to appreciate and admire us. Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we shiveringly stand criticising the numerous arrivals. The most conspicuous are three portly individuals in scarlet coats, brown belts, &c.;, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a huntsman and a postboy. Here, too, are fine stalwart fellows in artillery uniform-riflemen of all shades, including some who, ignoring appearances, have added to their natural de- formities by adopting knickerbockers and gaiters, and mostly wearing on their belts what the Examiner describes as " huge gilt silver plates, shining like stars, and resem- bling coffin embellishments." Constantly passing, and looking on with interest, are young officers of the Guards, going to or returning from duty, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots, grey coats, and huge fur hats. Presently we are ushered into a monster tent, strewed with sawdust and large enough for an equestrian performance, embracing the palace doors. Here we par- ade for some minutes, endeavouring to keep ourselves warm. Presently, the artillery are directed to enter the palace. But such an entrance ! How crinolined dowagers ac- complish the feat of getting in is a mystery ! After inspection by the female domestics of the Palace, we gain the Lord Chamberlain's table, and upstairs we go, passing a num- ber of ladies, who occupy an overlooking recess, and also another recess, from which several gorgeously dressed individuals are surveying the scene. We arrive at a land- ing, where the title of the county represented by the Volunteers is most politely taken ; and, after gazing with admiration on the gigantic " beefeaters," enter a pretty large room, through which we pass into another partitioned off by a barrier, the windows of which look upon the gardens. At the re- quest to " uncover," we immediately doff our beavers. Here we are marshalled ac- cording to the rank in the Army List, the Hon. Mr. Ponsonby courteously doing all in his power to adjust the right man in the right place. But how close is the atmo- sphere ! Longingly do we think of Mr. Mackenzie and St. George's Hall, when the ir is always fresh and balmy. Timidly do we venture quietly to open a window, little by little, fearing the reproof of a gentleman at-arms or a beefeater. How well are we rewarded by the fresh, chilly breeze which penetrates through the apartment ! Give us the pure air of the Polar regions rather than the miasma of the crowded palace ! Invigorated, we patiently stand, whilst others are forming in our rear. But, alas, " forward '" is the command, and we lose our open window, and symptoms known only to sufferers by sea- sickness ensue. Vainly strive we against painful internal emotions. A retreat is inevitable. Desperate is the prospect, but we venture it. Through 2,000 riflemen, forming the rear guard of patriotic devotees, we urge our way, admiring many, amused at others, and ridiculing few. Familiar faces abound. How delicious the air outside ! delightful the odour of saw- dust ! Revivified, we re-enter the palace ; again we struggle through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated) until we reach our previous post in time to obey the order to advance into the drawing-room, the next apartment to the Throne-room. Here we form four deep in three lines. Her Majesty is expect- ed at 2-15—two hours to wait ! The delay is not rendered more agreeable even by the musical quarters of a gilded clock. The gentlemen-at-arms, with their halberds, gilt helmets, nodding plumes, and top boots, soon pall upon the sight. Nature, already exhausted by the want of pure air, gives way. Rest must be had. But how ? Bril- liant idea ! What is a " busby " good for but to sit down upon ? An exhausted artil- leryman sets the example, and " busbies " become for the first time as useful as they are ornamental ; flattering were the encomi- ums on Mander and Allender, when the ar- ticles stood the strain. Here placidly do we wait, listening to Lanark expressing, in broad Scotch, great complaisance at its own appearance. How indebted do ghastly vo- lunteers feel to a Samaritan Scot, who pro- duces from his pockets pilules of nux. But what adelicious draught of fresh air ! Every- body seems revived. Some adventurous artilleryman has opened the upper sash of a window. The sensation that fresh air is necessary even to volunteers be- gins to prevail, and eager is the struggle to obtain it. The successful parties, not con- tent with a limited supply, open the lower sash, and thrusting their necks out, they imbibe life-givlng draughts. Vainly do those in the immediate vicinity comptant of the bitter and snow-mingled blasts ; they are overpowered by the murmurs of relief from the mass. The most acute sufferers remain, squatted, a la Turk, under the window, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts from the garden, and warmed in the rear by the outgoing heat. Presently car- riages are seen over the hedges in front, then the Life Guards, and preceded and followed by several others comes the Royal carriage drawn by two cream- coloured horses, which evidently are unaccustomed to speed. They draw up at the portico, and how we do pity the unfortunate coachmen and grooms, who, notwithstand- ing their beautiful pink stockings, gold laced coats, and swords, appear in a frozen condition. Dismal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Majesty's return. But hark !—the throne room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loval volunteers. The stream pours in, and as we advance to the Presence chamber, thoso who had already been prosented file out, looking like "Banqno's ghosts." With solemn stop and downcast eye, their appearance is rallier that of men who have been stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal subjects who have attained an earnestly sought for honor. But our turn comes, and we advance in single file, ebeying the orders of the officials, " Slowly, gentlemen, slowly—no hurry—no crowding," until, passing the file of Lord- Lietenants, we cast our eyes upon the unmistakable figure of the Queen, standing in the midst of a line of figures, with a crowded semi-circular in front of her, through which we have to file. Ner- vousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliberately make a "left face " and bow to the Queen, we overlook, owing, we presume, to the dimness of the light, to our regret, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, a Royal Princess, and the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortunately escape the contretemps which happena to an- other officer, who, in his determination to do the thing, steps so far back as to damage a dowager's corns, aud start an excruciating titter. We plead guilty to not having over- looked the charming blue eyes of a noble lady of honor who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pen full of riflemen, dressed in all the colors of the rainbow, conspicuous among them being some Cornishmen, dressed like Mr. W. Laird's coal-carters, in lively mauve coats, with high turned-down collars, slashed with scarlet. Much were they being " chaffed," and many were the interrogatories whether they had taken off their coats for coolness. In the court-yard we find the Guards' band playing. Passing the gateway, where the Guards present amis to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, notwithstanding the snow, with spectators, and carriages filled with ladies. Every soldier we pass salutes us, at which we are excessively pleased, flattering our- selves that our appearance is decidedly mar- tial, if not to the manner born. Next morning we look anxiously for papers, ambitious of seeing our name in print, but disgusted when we find it cut in two, and a letter dropped out, so as to ren- der it not only very unrecognizable, but ridiculous in sound. Our visit to the metropolis is at an end, and so we return to our usual avocations, pleased to find that our fellow-townsmen ap- preciate the honour which has been bestowed upon their Volunteers, and joining unani- mously in the enthusiastic sentiment of " God save the Queen." THE REV. CANON McNEILE.—The evening came, and we went to hear another famous divine of Liverpool — the Rev. Hugh McNeile, D.D. A cab-drive of about twenty minutes brought us to a very large cruci- form church, in one of the suburbs of the city. A man in a black gown met us in the aisle, and conducted us to seats near the pulpit. In a few moments Dr. McNeile and his curate entered the read- ing-desk together. The prayers were read by the latter, the lessons by the former. After this he ascended the pulpit, offered a brief extempore prayer, then stood up, with a small pocket Bible in his hand, and began his sermon. His voice is like the bass of an organ, and he manages it with admirable skill. His enunciation is re- markably distinct, and occasionally his em- phasis is terrible. There were passages in the discourse when every sentence fell upon the heart like rough masses of ice. His manner and style furnish a perfect contrast to those of Dr. Raffles. He is entirely con- versational, and there seems to be no effort at eloquence ; but whoever hears him must feel that the preacher is deeply in earnest and there are occasional paragraphs of over- whelming power. His elocution reminds on" of Dr. Samuel H. Cox, of Brooklyn, or Dr. Lyman Beecher, of Boston, though it is more varied than either, and somewhat more effective. His style is concise and sententious, but not mechanical—occasion- ally, when it suits the thought, quite rough and angular, The Rev. Dr. Cumming lately said to me : " Make Dr. M'Neile's voice a baritone, and give him a little more per- sonal majesty, and a great deal more pomp of diction, and you have Edward Irving ; even as he is, he approaches Irving more nearly than any man I ever heard ; but he is not equal to Irving," Dr. McNeile is a Millenarian, and puts forth his views of the end in all his preaching. " I say nothing of the time," said he ; "I know nothing of that ; there is a prophetic chronology, and those who make it longest bring the end now very near." Terrible, indeed, was the picture which he drew of the last days—the outpouring of the vials of wrath upon the guilty nations of Christendom. Severely did he lash the sins of England-dishonest, hy- pocrisy, political corruption, spiritual wicked- ness in high places. " Whatever the judg- ment be, and whenever it come," said he, " be assured Britain shall have her share ; and whatever that share, she has deserved it ; there is blood upon her gold, her hands are full of bribes, and the sufferings of her poor appeal to heaven." One would think Dr. McNeile, from his physiognomy, rather dogmatical, perhaps ; yet he does not dog- matize, but treads lightly and cautiously whenever he approaches the limits of con- troversy. It seemed strange to me to hear one of the most famous men of the English Church preaching an hour and a quarter without notes, and with all the force and fervour that an American Methodist could desire ; but so preached that evening the Rev. Dr. McNeile, and it was a specimen of his ordinary preaching. No man in Liver- pool wields' a greater moral power than he. "Ah ! but he is a firebrand in the church, sir," said a railway fellow-traveller the next day ; he can never be quiet himself, nor suf- fer others to be quiet." " Would to heaven," I answered, " there were many more such firebrands in the church ! the clergy have been quiet too long, and Rome has been reaping England while her husbandmen have slept." " But he is perfectly fanatical, sir ; he is equal to the Wesleyans." " And you could hardly pay him a higher compliment ; but for the Wesleyan revival, it is difficult to say what would now have been the con- dition of the establishment ; it is undeniably much better than it was when Wesley began his career." My friend thought it " vain to reason with one as fanatical as McNeile himself," and here ended our conversation. But that Sabbath in Liverpool will ever be remembered as one of the great days of my life. —The American Pastor in Europe. By the Rev. Joseph Cross, D.D. An Irish servant of the town-clerk of Leeds made a glorious mistake a few days ago. He was commissioned by his master to visit the Acme of Fashion, in Boar- lane, and request Mr. Vickers, the proprietor, to sent up his French employé to shave him. In the event of the Frenchman being en- gaged, Paddy was instructed to demand the services of Mr. Vickers himself. On the way from Roundhay, however, Paddy's head became somewhat confused, and instead of going to the shop in Boar-lane, he went to another establishment in Park-place, of which the vicar, Dr. Atlay, is the denizen. The son of Erin had confounded Vickers with the vicar, and "the Acme" with "Atlna." On ringing the bell at 6, Park-place, Paddy was courteously ushered into the presence of Dr. Atlay, and he thus stated his errand :— " If you please, sir, youare to send up your Frenchman to shave my master " The dignitary of St Peter's quietly intimated that he had not a French servant, upon which Paddy give the second part of the message, and said that the doctor must go himself ! Mutural explanations ensued, and the bewildered Irishman was sent about his busi- ness. 