OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENCE. No. 1. London, September 26. To the great relief of everybody, the session of I860 is over, decently and quietly shelved; a session of no " mark nor likelihood," with nothing to distinguish it from other sessions, save its protracted length, and the prodigious quantity of breath expended upon it. Brummel's valet descending the stairs with " our failures'' on his arm, in the shape of a dozen rumpled cravats, which his illustrious master, seeking to realise an ideal bow, had vainly endea- voured to adjust to his own satisfaction, is the best type of her Majesty's Government at the close of the session of 1860\. There is Mr. Gladstone's Budget tie, so carefully starched and folded, it wouldn't do ; there was no settling the neck comfortably in it; the Reform Bill tie was limp to a degree, it must be got up again ; the Bankruptcy Laws tie was an elaborate piece of handy work, but the ends were unsatisfactory, it must be mangled anew ; away with them all to the linen basket. How cheerfully the ministry chirruped, when they came together in February, 'Twas on the morn of Valentine, the birds bogan to prate— and they twittered up to the end of August ; vox et pre- terea nihil should be their motto. " Where are the songs of Spring, aye, where are they?" we involuntarily exclaim with the poet, when we recall the melodies of hope, chanted from the Treasury benches about April last. Those tune- ful essays, we may expect, to find reproduced early in the ensuing year, with new embellishments and appropriate accompaniments, but oh! let the warblers bear in mind the warning delivered by the ghost of Dr. Johnson in the Rejected Addresses : that " Professions lavishly effused, and parsimoniously verified, are alike inconsistent with the precepts of innate rectitude and the practice of external policy." As to matters wherein no particular expectations were raised, the conscript fathers have not been idle. Be- tween January 24, and August 28, no less than 357 acts were passed, being 155 public, and 202 local acts ; whilst in re- spect to petitions, the session of 1860 stands pre- eminent above all others; for whereas the average number pre- sented during the last five years, has been 8000 to 9000 yearly, this year has been presented the enormous number of 24,264, and on these, 54 reports have been made ; so that after, all plenty of work has been done, though, as is com- monly the case, not by the talkers. But, to my mind, the most important parliamentary in- telligence is the announcement that Lord Palmerston looked much older and careworn towards the close of the session. It is not to be wondered at. The jaunty premier borders close upon the octogenarian ; he was born in 1784, if I remember rightly, and, however well he may have acted up to his motto, "flecti non frangi," the rising gene- ration cannot expect to know much about him beyond his name—and, of course, his reputation, estimates of which will differ according to circumstances. Admirers of my Lord Burleigh, whether in the Critic or elsewhere, who believe in gravity, and wise shakes o' the head, will find the noble Viscount guilty of habitual levity and of an un- seemly tendency to " chaffiness;" while, on the other hand, those who regard legislation in its modern, natu- ral, and proper light, as an agreeable pas- time (and profitable withal) whereat the best man wins, ?will apprec'mto tlie veteran statesman's powers as a debater, ' his ooo)nesp,2 Iiis quio tn eas, bis imperturbable good temper, his readiness at repartee A practical legislator lord Pal * ' 'iier»ton is, not, hut he will be very generally remembered ? ai an indefatigable promoter of Low Ch arah Bishops, esti- mable prelates, liberal in doctrine, lax in discipline, partial to Evangelical conference, and to-preaching in theatres, but fully equal to tho duties pf tho episcopate, tho principal of which in these days is the controlling of .curates. For your Bishop meddlos not with the beneficed, or meddles to Lia'cost. What could the Bishop of London do iq tho case of Mr. Bryan King? why, nothing. The pariah Is' tolerably at «peace, but not by reason- of tho liishop. Or how does he fare in the case of Mr Benwell, as profligate a priest as «ver diagrnccd the cloth he wore I The reverend defendant hu appealed unto Cwsar, and tinto Crow a Trlvy Council will he . go, hut not until February, 1801. Sp imperfect s the state of tho Ecclesiastical law, and so tardy are its opera- tions, that tho appeal cannot be recorded until November next, nor tho articles exhibited until tho month after that, nor the answer given until the" month after that again ; and of all these vocations and expensive proceedings, tho Bishop will have, to defray the entire cost. Speaking of preaching \- in theatres, to which certain dignit aries expressed them ' 'aelv'ei 'not averse, a remarkable'' specimen'of tho chapol j militant, or rather, meotlnghoúso militant, has,lately made this appearance in Tendon, (at the instance it is said of the : .Ber. Baptist Noel,) in the person of Mr. Riobard Weaver, a :' '.' converted prizo-fightor formerly known by the appellation ' ?:? 'of Undaunted Dick." The Victoria Theatre, in the new : , Cat, is the. scene of this homlllst's laboura, whore, to real /working-class congregations, he expounds, with great power ''. of lungs, by the honr together. 'As a set-off against this ' ; ' ^authorized divine, we read of an incursion of Franciscan ( . friars-no nearer however than Killarney-hara ?footed, san i ; fdalled, and cowled. Whether this is merely o civility on tho j" sport of the Pope in retnm for the Irish brigade, ; br an " ' ' 'earnest of his own coming,' remains to be eeen. Certainly the aspect bf affairs in Rome seems lp betoken thattjtbe \- -, . .Sovereign Pontiff will have io tnkn up his abodo somewhere a , . .?? ?. : long way off from the Etemnl City. If Garibaldi fulfils his intention of praclnimtnc tho Independence of Italy (rem tho lop¡of tho Quirinal Hie Toi» mint vacate, i c. Tho procrea» of Garibaldi ii, naturally Just noir, the pro-' 1 ' 'Toiling topic What hos been done since the loitraoil iras ' ':despatched, is noon told.' Tlio movement has oxtonded ' ''gradually upward. On tho 21st flngust Reggio' capitulated ? . , and Garibaldi wno mailer of the' whole' strait' of Messina s ' . ' on tho 24th, he wns proclaimed Diotator at Potonxa; on \- the 28th, tho Neapolitan troops were defeated at Piole. Sep- tember 1st, Garibaldi occupies Monteleonc, and marches on , Salerno. Bepiomber ard, ho Intimates to the Annexation Gommlttoo that ho will bo at Naples on ;- ~'~abont 'tluv . 8tb, ami «111, in1 tho name of 'Vio tor Emmanuel, nssuino tho dictatorship of tho Two Sicilies. Soptcmhcr Stli, Garibaldi landa, at Salomo ¡,tho Queen of Spain oilers ref ugo to tho king in case he leaves his domin- ions : the king accepts tho ollbr. Foplcmbor 6th, tho king * embarks for Gaeta. Soptcrober' 7th, Garibaldi enters i . liaplea) Victor Emmanuel la proclatmody September 8th, , the Insurgents rise at, Pesara. . September ? Oth'. the In Burgonls riso ot Urbiiio. September lOib, Garibaldi pro ? ' olaims that tho annotation will be effected, when ho »hall bo obie to annoimeo tl from tho jori of tho'Quirinal. Sop tem. V; ber.'lltb, 38,000 Sardinian troops enter tho Tapai States) >« the'English Admiral villis Garibaldi, who returns tho vhlt on ' lonrd tho Hannibal, . in-' the presenoo of the English 1 _tAmbassador. September 19th, 3S,000 moro Sardinian . ..troops enter tho Topn! States, Feaaro ls taken. Soptómher ' f 14th, the Fronch Ambassador quits Turin i' Perugia ls taken. '.'i ?. (September '101 li, tho'Onrlboldlons bealcgo ' npna. Sep. '?" tembor 18th, Spolelo capitulate* -OOO of tho Triah brigade ' ' aro modo prisoners ¡ Iiamortolcrc, with 11,000 men,'attacks \- ?? -Claldinl at Castelfidardo, but ia repulsed with conatdornblo i ? . Ibu, After .the battle the greater part' of tho Papal nrniy capitulates. Latnarlciero reaches Ancona. Septoiriber SOlb, Ancona ia blockaded. September 33rd, Ancona ia' bombarded ,,. Djuali ,Sardinian/TeMtüs,;-fur, nine illoura.? Tho- oltndel ? . .replies vigorouih/. It.will thus bo soen that events follow «ach other io rapid succession.. Every ono looks anxiously for tito Issue and rumours are ripe The groot question is the Íor»d¿í;' If îhei remains Mn.fo WiÁTthelFránotf ftroops'ieem where will beseek «heiter t* 'JÁls ówííwlsh is said to be " to retire until the return of better di) »," Au«ti lu, Spalr, Prussia, have ult offered him an asylum, bat Wureburg, in Bavaria, Ie pointed but a« a hot Improbable locality.. The Americana propose thut he should put the keys into his carpet bap;, and take np bis-abode with thim ; they will find him seven eligible hills, and will run him up a new Vatican with all tho latest improvements. But seriously, the present is a crisis of great danger and difficulty. Garibaldi's political movements are hampered on overy 'sido ¡ his pro clamation respecting tho. announcement of the annexation fr. m the. Quirinal is regarded on nil sides os a .mistake. Already there are two parties, the annexation or Pied montefe party, and the Republicans. , Mazzini's.agen ts are aotlvé, and tho'popu'ace aro ready to side with anybody who may be successful. In abort, political intriguing has cammenoed, and the dictator would fain soe the government entrusted to honest hands, and give himself to military matters ¡'he baa done his best to put things on, a good basis ;' he has' established trial by1 jury ; set free ali prisoners for political ofltineesj abolished the order of the 'Jesuits, and confiscated their property to. the use of the nation. And now, to give your readers some, idea of the personal appearance of this hero : in spite of our admiration for him, we aro glad to find that the libara.'or is no bigger than other men, for we are told that he appears considerably so ; that the breadth of his shoulders, his colossal ahest, the dignity of his deportment, and the majesty of his coun- tenance, impress the beholder with the ide* of a Btatuio almost gigantic, which idea ia only to he dissipated by measuring yourself with him. We learn that the dictatorial noss come» straight down between his eyeB, tb at his cheek hones are high i his . faoe a goad deal freckled, and- bis countenance generally Uko - a lion. His hair is dark hazel, and (according to one correspondent) hangs down on his coat in long grisly cnrls. The state meat regarding his coat is of doubtful authority ; according to general report he doesn't woor one, bat, respecting his hair, ire have the testimony of Afr. Edwin James, M.F., who avers.that it is long and thin, and that he saw him combing it ai a glass. His beard is what Charlotte Bronte desig- nated as " tawny," but what common parlance terms " a little reddish." He wears a red flannel shirt, grey trousers, wide-awake hst, with turn-up brim, and on his shoulders a bandanna handkerchief, which he pulls tip over the back of hit head when the sun is hot. Mr. James informs us that the trousers require washing, and that his boots are much out of repair. But this troubles him not ; he ls doubtless of opinion with the sage Buke of Venice, that "he robs himself who spends tv bootle» grief;" and, moreover, be has something else to think about. The man who made a con- quest of Naples in three woeks, with a loss of. only eight killed, and sixteen wounded, cannot bo oxpected to tako much thought for raiment. The only article of personal furniture about which he is particular is lils saddle, and by his carrying this with him, or leaving.it behind, he indicates whether his absence will be long or short. He goes to bed at dusk, and rises with the dawn,' and, like all real heroes, is plain and simple in his modo of life., Hi* influencé with ! his troops is wonderful, and he is very popular with sailors, than whom nona are more quick at discerning whioh he the true men. Of course tie is an immense favourite with the fair «ox, 'who shower down flowers upon him whenever they got an opportunity, and can compare him to nothing bat a "dear, weatherbeaten old angel." From . one enthusiastic female pen we leam that his ores ore deep, true, and sweet ; that bia voice ÍB gentle, soft, and musical ; his demeanour calm and dignified ; and his face a model for a sculptor, and in expression pensive withal. Amore prosaio account of him tells lis that he is an elderly melanoholy-looking man, ?hort, but powerfully made, with a remarkably massive fore- head, and a countenance expressive of great determination, softened hy the mildness of his eye. And if by this time you o.nnot form some notion of what Giuseppe Garibaldi is like 'tis no fault of mine. At Milan a military ballet has been put on the stage, in which Garibaldi appears with his sword drawn, and dances a pas ¿eui in the red shirt and untanned leather boots, whloh he wore at the battle of Milazzo, and not only there, but at the San Carlo. Pro baVly the opera regulations ,as to costume are not so striot ; at Naples as they are in London, unios», indeed, the rod shirt rank aa uniform, which it may almost, claim to do. At all OTonts there he was in a little private box, and no ono with him but ¡ht print who never leavre his tide. 'Tis comforting to refloat that this worthy ecclesiastic can have no very great influence. Tho drill of Garibaldi's troops is terribly severe. AU manouvres are done at the French pat de charge-about .five miles an hour ¡'and the men are kept at this paco for'so ven or eight miles, those who fall out being dismissed as unable to stand training. Sorely this cannot extend lo the juveniles of twelve or fourteen years old, of whom we read as his recruits ! The pay of his soldiers is twopence halfpenny per diem, with rations, equal to about ono shilling and sixpence English. .. After the stirring events in Italy onr military news at homo will be found to be of a very mild description. The bloodless fields bf 'Knowsley or of Windsor will not appear very clotting, nor do they offer any marked points of differ- ence from the roviova which I duly chronicled last month. Lord Derby entertained 10,000 volunteers in tho most munificent manner, and quite won tho hearts of all the reporters for the Press by his judicious application'of "baked'moats." At Windsor tho military'element was agreeably varied by what are'pleasantly termed " rustió games," tho chief of which seemed to be the jumping in saoks, whereat certain '.volunteers appeared more au fait than ia the manouvre military. Tho last oflloial indication in favour, of the popular movement, and whioh completes the military recognition of it, is tho order which hos been issued, directing all non-commissioned officer« and soldiers to salute volunteer officers in uniform, and all guards and sentries to present arma whenever armed partios of Volunteers commanded by officers approach. But nothing can reooncllo the alarmists of Manchester to tho organisation of this national force ¡ and, eren whilst their Journalists record the triumphs of the "Derby day," they doubt whether, by tho..".addition of : 160,000- volunteers to an immenao standing army, a dangerous temptation ia not held out to spirited foreign ministers lo pursue a policy savouriugof dofianco rather thau of defence¡", and whether "the well meant zool of the people may not prove an indirect cause of tho vory oalamities whioh are deprecated, and' may not lead to a courao of action fraught with misery to all classes and with peril to tho Stato." For a warlike people com- mend me tb'Ibo natives of. the Emerald Islet although lUoccBS liai not personally-attended thom in respect to the Irish Brigade, 600 of whom; ¿ame to woeful grief at Spoloto, jot thoy can admire lt in othors, aa tho offering cf "oppressed Ireland -to the bravo soldier, Patrick Maurice: Macmahon, Marsh il bf France, Duke of Magenta, descend- ant of her nnciont kings," will testily. The offerlDg.ia question is a aword bf» honour-(long may. the valiant Mar- shal wear it) accompanied by a bardic effusion, whioh alludes mysteriously to tho hour 'wheo, tho "glaive of Magontiv" shall be' unsheathed for tho freedom of Erin. What this may mean, is.an.interesting question for spirit rappers; lt. might! bo .recommended^ foi instance, to that soleot coterio of sight seers who assemble Just now at Hull,' and whoso "experiences'' aro fully equal (o any of the marvels recorded in tho Cornhill i/agaiint. . ft'L'en these ohoice spirits meet together,''tables jump, spontaneoiuly, walls opon, chains rattle, and' balls 'of fir o fly about' tho. room i tko past, the. present, and 'tho futuro aro 'revealed, and the D- himself appears in ' tho ahapo.of John I Wealoy-of nil others.. .The leader of this soot-for tho/ oonsliluto a ro'lglous body-boa published a stalemont, In which bo estimates tho number of angels at 4C53, and tho number of glorified spirits at exactly 43,667.. Theso spirits, ho informs us, visit the earth, andeat, drink, and speak' with audible volo».'| Al's natural ' sequel ' to oil this comos tho appearnncb ot tbe'Hull Police Court, of a medium, who, "under the Influenceit spirit-rapping and tablo-turn itig". stole ( a quantity of wearing apparel belonging'to a slitor convert, Howpvor, the magistrate could no', accept tho¡ plea. ond so, tojuse Horatio"* words "a^ his warping, this extravagant j»nd erring »pjrit ' hies to her. confine i" in, plain language,.1» committed for sU weWks, andla^very good thing, too. ? " » . ., , ... .. . . . Hut, to turo to a pleasanter topio ; there ara great doings on the other tide of the Atlantic, which claim to be chroni- cled. Not the event* themselves ; to recount the pro 1 groses of Albert Ed wu rd .would require a volume, great in incident and mighty in dotai), and suoh a one'doubtless will be duly, handed down to posterity ¡ but there are minor matters to he observed whioh indicate the spirit of the age. 1 think it is in describing Martin Ghuzzlewit's departure for fùleiij that Mr. Dickons gives; us a notion of American re- porters. They divided the labour. -One took him below the walscoat,one above. If he put one boot.before the other, the lower gentleman was down upon bim ; if he rubbed a pimple on his nose, the upper gentleman b-oked it. I remember this seemed ludicrous enough when I read it some fifi eon years ago, but that it is nothing less than lite- ral ¡truth, the daily papers amply testify. The Prince of WaleVs every movement is reproduced with photographic fidelity, and In the strangest language. His dress has a paculiar interest for. our Transatlantic cousins. At one time we read of his appearing at Church in " patent leather pumps and white socks." How could the reporter ? tall they were not stook'n^s-did he look up thViegs of the Prince's trousers? Again, we have him in a "black frock coat, light vest and pants, with a bhtok beaver," and once moro in "a white stove pipe hat.1' At one phoe, in tho preparations made for bis reception, are included " scented soap and ba:r oil," at another we read of expectant crowds " sitting on the fences round the house in whioh the Prince remained," or folowing him in nproariom procession, and '.' endeavour- ing to shnko him by the lien 1." At the grand ball at Mon- treal, "a large circle of eager .'ojkers-on surrounded the Prince, who at first appeared annoyed at this perpetual observation, and blushed deeply, but afterwards -became all gaiety and animation." . On this occnMon we ore told that " the little English middy," (is thisun individual or a generic j appellation?) "was very quiet until the latter part of the ball, but was OB lively as usual at its close, and appeared with a gigantio damsel, who overtopped bini hy siverol feot. . He onos:d much amusement by squeezing the Prince's hand ¿nd pulling those of the ladies-irrespective of rank and title during tbe dunoe." Also that "Little Patti and MifS Crawford were the belles of the evening." Who on earth cnn the first mentioned young indy le ! The Prince drove the lust bolt in tho Victoria bridge at Montreal, Ça glorious piece of engineering), and had no sooner quitted the struc- ture thnn * a great scramble took . place, iu whioh the ladies Joined, over the flowers, evergreens, gold fringe, and other decorations, ns memo- rials of the occasion. All the curtains and flowers wera thus toni d .wu." " The prince then inspected the works, guarded by bis suite, but followed by a rabble like that whioh med to gather around the Japanese in New York. He seemed very much annoyed.". Fnnoy- our Trinco of Wales being stared at like a wild Indian. Not very wild, truly, were those.members of the Bogus tribe, who exhi- bited their sports at Montreal for our Prineo'd satisfaction. Wo aro told that tiley were dressed in burlesque style, and it is not easy to imagine anything more, but lesque than the combination of war paint and tights, which the performers exhibited. It is gratifying to learn that on this occasion the Trinco wore a blue coat, and that tho Duke of New- castle was "cleverly dressed in light clothes, with a white hat." The Prince took off his hat whilst the band of the Boston Fusiliers played " Yankee Doodle," and appeared much delighted with the air, and ^aughed heartily, but the people didn't like that, and an attempt at a ohecr com- pletely failed. Well would it have been if nothing more un- pleasant bod oconrred to ma-k Albert Edward's progres». One might surely have expected that at such a time all fae tion feeling and party spirit would have been sedulously kept in tho background ; but the people of Toronto thought dif- ferently) and were ill- advised enough to try to make the Prince's landing at Kingston tho occasion of an Orange procession, and the "Grand linter" being a'man of weight (of weight and (cale, indeed, for he is a hotelier ia the town) and zealous withal, the thing was soon arranged, and a couple of arohes, bearing Orange emblems and mottoes, having been erected at the . entrance to tte town, the Orangemen assumed their badges and mustered . some 15,000 strong, to the tunes of " Boyne Water,*' and *' Crop- pies, lie down." The Duke of Newcastle very properly re- fused to allow the Prince to land unless the party demon- strations were withdrawn, but the Orangemen having taken counsel determined to carry out their intention, with cries of "No surrender j" "We will .follow him wherever he goes ;" " Let him go home." The Prinoe good naturedly waited until the next day, when, as thoy shewed no signs of coming to their senses, ho steamed away for Belleville ; but before he could land there arrived an Orango deputation from Kingston, the oonseqnence of which wai that the thou- sands who had assembled to welcome the, Prince, had the mortification to seo the steamer depart for'Coburg, leaving the pcoplo to bewail their folly and the useless expenditure of 5000 dollars in preparations. .And, st rango ns it may seem, on neither of those occasions, dared any one to speak openly, or to express the only opinion which every sensible and loyal person could entertain of such disgraceful pro- ceedings. The Mayor of Belleville nddrefsed the people i '"Ho did .not mean to say anything,for or agairst the Orange Society...but ho hoped that tlioso of the spectators who had come from a distance, would en Joy themselves." Let us hope that-they did so. By the time tho Prince readied Coburg, the people had come to their sonics. Ho landed nt 10 o^oloek at night, and being drawn to tho Town Hall by a crowd of .young enthusiasts, ho there found a band of mushy and the Mayor's daughter waiting for him, and, falling to without loss' of time, in the words of n quaint bid writer- ' " ilo mude bia natural motion far mora sweot, . . And «hook a most dWlno dance from bli feet," ' until four o'clock in tba morning. . At Toronto there iras a great demonstration of Orangemen , np to the time of hil arrival, but no sooner was. the' Prince'signalled: than they doffed their insignia, . arid re'-oppeared ai private citizens. But they could not long support the , character. . Aa ; the Prince and his suite were proceeding to churoh, an attempt wai mode to pull his carriage under an orange arah ; bat at tho instigation of the Duke, of Newcastle, the coaohinan laid about him with his 'whip sp /vigorously that the crowd, gave way. It seems that thii was not tho only occasion on which the son and representative of our Queen has been mado the ohloct of insult in consaqnenco of these scandalous demon, strattons Of party foeling. The Canadian! cannot mi ely' properly appreciate tho honour that ii done them. See how much keener a sense of lt have the New.Bruniwlokers.' Tho furniture whioh tho Princo used at St. John's, was, aftor i hil departure sold 'by auction, so eager wero the loyal entertainers to possess some memento of their illustrions guest.1 ' Tho bedstead on which ho slept sold fdr £81 los:1; tho ohair on which, ho, sat £3 6s.. 3d. ; the dressing table, ,with glass,,before which he ii supposed lo have applied the, hair oil before alluded to, £16, and loon: . One'offer the Princo bas been compelled to decline, with thank«, that of Blomlm the rope walker (he of Manchester inen':'oncd in my hut, was, it seems, after nil, 'à more "counterfeit jircsoñü mont,'*) who undertook'to convey ¡ him noross tho falls in » wheelbarrow^ Altogether. I, should, think (the Princo of Wales had almost' sufiioiontly extended his- Canadian resoarcbe*; and would not bo sorry to find himself once more at lióme. . , . . ; ' .-. ; t .-1 ^'^}MAtaijtl!Bsm'niSit brings the tidings of'an awful calamity on Lake Michigan-the lon of tho ïJuly Elgin steamer, and of noarly 300 lires, owing to a collision with [ another vessel during* the1 night ¡ 'only 37 bodies hid boen recovered^ amongst them, that of Mr. 'Iagram','metnbor for Boston, and proprietor of the Illustrated London 'Newi. Thank Leaven, wo have nothing like thia to rooord in Eng- land, though thero have been some disastrous accidents of lato i of which tho roost prominent ls that which happened to an excursion'train,at Helmahore,' by whioh ten' porions worekiUcd.' j., .,.../ ,}.. ; ¡;¡ , r >> 1 William ' Godfrey Yodngman, the ' perpetrator of ! the frightful morderá of lila, mother,' hts' 'tiri ' brothers) ond his awootheart, . was hanged on , tho ','4111 instant,', at " Horse mongan Lane gaol, in tho,presence of. an Immonse crowd of persona of both'sexes. Ho persisted to the laat in doclnring Ida innocence;' Themed rau.rder, still remain» enveloped in myáíery, althoügh^tiew'éflbrts ore being made to clear it np, Strange os'lt moy appear, thèro aro. two ¡wltncaMa,¡nho were never txauiintu at the inquest, and whoio"eVitt»Doe il J »aid to be most important, these'are tba lad who Mme to clean tba knives,, and, a girl who came to assist tba female servante. Tali girl «tatet that abe found the nurse. ' engaged In making her bed, and not in reading or praying. To my mind there was always something suspicious in that plea so ostenta- tiously put forth of her reading the Bible 'The'Stepney murder is now the prevailing criminal topic," the more espe- cially so os the officers appear to be on the scent of the per- petrator. Tho obtaining of this clue was brought about in a singular manner. On the morning of the 8th instant, a man named Mullins, a plasterer by trade, and who had been employed by Mrs. Elmsley, the murdered woman, intimated to the po'ice that he could furnlah a clue aa to the person who oommitted the deed'. They proceeded with him on the following "day to a brickfield in the. Globe road, Stepney, where he directed them to make search in a shed which stood in it. In thia abed, behind a stone slab, indicated by Mullins, they found o small parcel tied up with a pie?e of wax- end, wherein were soma trifling articles, and the cheque for £10 which the murdered woman received on tho morn. Ing'of the day of her death. Mullins stated that he saw a man named Emma carry aparecí into the ahed on the Saturday morning, and afterwards return without it. Emms and Mullina were both taken into custody. The general feeling ia that Emma ia innocent, and that'Mnlllna ia the murderer; that he placed the panel there,' and informed against Emms,' in order to obtain the offered reward of £300. Mullina beera a very indifferent character, and there are many cir onmstances which tell strongly against him, but certain proof is wanting, although, if It be true, ai is asserted, that a paper has been found in Mrs. Elmsley'! bouse, dated the 13th ultimo, and bearing MiillinB'a Signatare, the fact of kia having been with the murdered woman late on the day on which the murder was committed will be clearly estab- lished. It should he remarked that a shoe has been found belonging,to Mullins, the nails in whioh correspond with tho footprints' on the stairs in Mrs. Elmsloy'a houso ; that a hammer, also belonging to him, has been found, which would inflict wounds similar to those discovered in the un- fortunate woman's bead ; hnd that one of his shoos was tied with wnx-end similar to that with which the parcel In the sl.ed was fastened. .No new light has been thrown upon the mnrdcr in Edin- burgh, and two new deeds of blood have shocked the publia mind since tho last mail was despatched-the one at Pontefrael, . the other at Warrington. You remember the oa o of Hopley, the schoolmaster, who flogged one of his pupils till he died, and, being tried for manslaughter, was coudemed to four years' penal servitude. He has published a lengthy defence in the form of a pamphlet, wherein bo pits, na it were, his character as a practical philanthropist against the probability of his committing a cruel and das- tardly crime. He talks seraphically of his quiet mind, of tho strong'sense of duty under which he acted, ' and of the calm confidence with which he looked up into the face of heaven after tho unhappy boy was dead. Altogether he reminds one forcibly of Eugene Aram, as depicted in Bul- wer^ mistaken novel ; and, even were the case exactly as ho states, he only shews how possible it is to be mild and phi- lanthropic in theory, and very ruffianly in practico ; as the most ardent advocates of equality are not improbably tyrants io their own honids ; or, as the Americans fall down before rank and title to on extent undreamed of out of a republic Butenough of,these,themes, wo have " supped full of hor- rors." Let us turn bur attention to this cheerful exhibition at the corner of Chanaery Lane, where Mr.. Alderman AbwWs new state liveries may be seen by the initiated. What think you. of a claret coloured coat, with a pattern of oak leaf on it in gold lace? Neat but not gaudy? I dare say Mr. Alderman Abbist thinks so, and Mr. Ede, tho pur- veyor, would probably add-elegant, and by no. means ex- pensive. For all that I should not like to have to pay the bill. Gold cords, and gold balls depend from the shoulders \- not three gold, balls, I trust. Surely I remember an ir- reverent ditty of my youth, commencing " Who lives where tanga ttareo golden balla f" These precious garments are lined with white si k, the "vests and continuations are of white kerseymere, trimmed with gold lace.'' "Happy, happy flunkies ! The massive and 'tasteful buttons, display, we are told, the Sherill's private, arms. O, shade of Camden ! O, Garter, Norroy, and Claren- : oieux i at what visitations did yon grant the wonderful do vices which ' any " heraldía studio," will now furnish for the small sum.of ten and six? If fine feathers make fine birds, I should say'that, speaking ornithologically, Mr. Al- derman Abbiss's footmen would be desirable specimen?. That proverb was evidently acted upon by the good people of Savoy. When tho Frenob Emperor made his progress thrungli his new dominion, some two or three months «¡noe, such salutations os the mountainers had to bestow, vero ac- corded to the outrider, by reason of his finery, but their welcome to their aove, eign .was given with '.' scant courtesy, .and bated breath. ' . In fact, tho French appear to be mora than ever unipolar in Switzerland, and a band of sightseers, (sumo 1000 or 1500 persons) who went from Geneva to Thonon,toasdstatsomelmperia1 gaieties.met, on their return with a rough reception from their more potriotio towns- men. 1 he pleasure seekers were -received, not with open arms, but with open mouths, emitting unmistakable sounds of disapprobation ; whilst the .hapless owner of a Frenoh flag was ; violently despoiled, of hi» colours, which were tramp'ed under foot, amidst cries of " Down with the French flair." The unfortunate standard-bearer was rescued by tho polico. In spite, howover, of tho unpopularity of the Frenoh flag, some of the descendants of William Tell, will doubtless not objeet to . shoot under it, at the great I ride gathering, whioh is to take place in the ' Bois do Vin- cennes on,the 30th instant, and after the present year, is to be hell annually on tho 15th August. That anomalous journal, which in Franoe, represents JJeVt Lift, or The Field;, and whioh rejoices in the appellation of " Le'mSport," informs us, that' tho targets will be forty-four, and tho prizes many,' in'olnding Wie of 10^000 francs (£400). Now .will our neighbours have an opportunity of seeing .what our Volunteer Riflemen aro like. Lot us hope, for tho honour of old England, that one or. two of our ornck shot* ¡will do : something at. this "Tir National." Fending tho coming off of this shooting'match, wo have one or two matches of a different description to entertain us. Theréislhóró'wibgmátohforthechampionship'of'tho Thames and £400, between White of Bermondsey, and Chambers of Newcastle, wherein tho Northumbrian gained freih laurels, rowing the distnnce 'from Putney to Mortlake in less than twenty-five minutes, and. beating the Londoner by a dozen boots' lengths': Whito rowed 7ery pluokily, but tho New eaatlo stroke was tcp rauoh for kim. I mind tko, time when, tho Clft^wr* mailo their first appearance bil Thames water,, in : a boat .built by thomsolves, and took us all by surpriio. Henry Cla hat since bad ta make over tho'championship of the Tyne to \Vhite, trained him'for this lats' taco. Then there is'the mated for ; tho middle, weights', championship i a bout at fist'enfis between Bob Brettle, of Birmingham, and Jem M«co, of .Nottingham, for £200 a side,' willoh must havo boen an exhibition' highly gratifying to tho admlrortof brutality and.blabkgu'ardism,'for it lasted two)days, on tho second of which the haploss Bob was so'knocked about, that ho could not come up to time. " Brettle .was taken before the' moglslatei next day,-but os sufficient 'punishment had boen inflicted, he was releatbd oh tho understanding that ho " wouldn't do it again.1' The muoh talkcd-of race between a horse and s.-dog hasn't yet come off In consequenco of tho' Illness of tho' Diikoof Beaufort; '¡but' Donoaitor and the " Sollinger1; hoyo left no room for lamentations: A« .'usual the knowing tines- were taken in» , The )' eminent trainer!' to whom Lord .Aylesbury sent St. Albana, and who returned him with; tho opinion that "he might .make a good hook but could never wlu'a plate," and-the connoisseurs who, on the'day before the race, 'prononñbed the horse tb ho " half fit.".-.".untrained,"!.end,all beef; and,,'fialiy,M found thom aelvet ogreeably on the wrong side of tho hedge. ? There ii a' capital artiole In tho AlhtnauU on Donoatter and lt* races, which has been copied into half the papers of the day, and will.well,repay.perniil.,^ ri. ,*'.v.*i=ö:i' Ä ! But post time draws ' near, and. I must make an ; end of niy'let er-before1 long.« i The' vagaries bf ' tho ¿Earl of kwjptóo^wbo'appéa'reld fa Loqdon.in nutate of intoxication, I and in Chester in a »tate of. nudity, might bava famed an amusing theme, hud it not been ! proved (bat the^unfor tunate nobleman waa Insano ; tbe 'manner of bl» worrying tlie funny little Bishop of Cheater become» very melan- choly mirth when we lemember bis malady. One is almost sorry that no more fun is to be got out of the Agapemone business ; but when lawyers become mixed up in a matter we ore apt to laugh on the wrong side of our mouths. The Hey. Lewis Price ha» recovered bia wife, and the Vice chancellor hos decided that without a legal divorce abe must remain with him, so we may bid the interesting oouple farewell. ' Slr Benjamin Brodie's letter on smoking has osco more re- vived the vexed question of whether tobacco i s hurtful or no. The learned physician weighs the pros and cona, and leaves tho subject just where he found it. Smoking ia good for some, bad for others ; Injurious in excess, harm leas in moderation- where it agrees.with people; in which verdict, people will agree with him. The death of Mr Locke, member for Honiton, adda another name to the Hat of eminent engineer», whom we 'have lately lost, and the demise of Mr. Wilson, tho Indian Financier, wilt be re- ceived hy.all çlasses.with, unfeigned aqrrow. ,The >present month has. teen marked by an unuaal number of calamitous fires,, and by several startling robberies of jewellery ; by the return of the Great Eastern wit,h the very unremanerative number of one hundred and odd passenger*, and by the blowing up, or down of a great cliff at Chatham ; by an ingenoua applica- tion of oleelricity to cotton spinning, and hy the invention of a new erioket ball whloh bas stood all kinds of tests,, whilst an ordinary one was knocked to pieces in a couple of hours, tether severe batting I should think. Thoro are a good many matters about which I meant to say aomothing, but timo fails me. The Norwich and Worcester festivals have been great successes, ¡Vt clique's-oratorio "Abraham" produced at the former, is said to be the only work of the kind worth calling on oratorio since Mendelssohn's" " Elijah." From oratorios to earthquakes ia a startling transition, but the occurrence of the latter ia too rare to bo posted over. In the not very tempestuous or"wild region of Weat Kent, is this phenomenon said to bavo been per- ceived-at Seven Oaks, on the Chalk Bills above Wrotham, and at Meopham near Gravesend. At thia last favoured spot, did her Majesty and the Prince- Consort embark on Saturday last, on their way to Coburg to visit the Duke of Saxo Coburg, the brother of Prince Albert. Lord John Bussell accompanies her Majesty. ' Tho-French papers have pnbliahod tho programme of tho great Paria Art Exhibition tobe held in 18C1. It is to take place on the lat of Moy, and to last to tho lat July. Artists of nil natlous- pain- ters, sculptors, engravers, architects, are admitted ; but ho artist is allowed to exhibit moro than four works, an allow- ance which should satisfy moat reaaonablo men. Your London readera will be glad to hear that at length a stained glass window is to be-placod in- St. Paul's, in tho nave. Great improvements and' roalorationa are now going on in thia long negleoted Cathedral, not that all the improvements in the world could evor invest it with the character which Christian architecture alone seems able to Impart to an ecclesiastical atruoture; However, much is being done. The organ aereen baa been removed, and a grand view is thus obtained from the west door to the east window. The old pulpit ia to give way to a splendid marble one, which has boen presented to the Dean' and Chapter ; and a new organ has been purchased, but ita site is not yet determined'on. Lo ! hero I am at the end of my letter, and no word about tho weather. Ie varies, and so do otu-tempera with it, and so do the crops.' In some placos they are Baved, iu others spoiled. Generally speaking tho- barvost has turned out much better than was expected, and the fanners aro a trifle easier ia their minds, than thoy were when last I wrote. But meat, flour, and provisions of all kinda continue very dear, and the approach bf winter caueeB serious apprehend Bions of the suffering which it ia feared the poer will undergo. Still it ia unwise and useleas to meet troubles halfway, so let ua hope for the best and say cheerfully adieu until next monah. . 