I-I LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. I JOHN'S COLLEGE. On Tuesday, 3rd January, the ceremonv of laving the foundation stone of the Roman Catholic College of St. John the Evangelist was performed, according to the Latin ritual, by the Most Reverend Archbishop Polding, assisted by a very large body of his clergy, in the presence of a great concourse of people. The assemblage (which at least numbered from 1500 to 2000 persons) included all the more pro- minent and influential mi mbcrs of the Catholic com- munity, together with a considerable number, who, f'nrncTi mofessing a different faith, nevertheless were delsirouà of testifying by their pre- sence the warm interest they felt in the pro motion of collegiate cducattuil m this co.ony. Amongst those present we noticed, in addition to his Excellency the Governor- General, the \ ice Provost, the lion. F. L, S. Merewether, M.L.C.- Mr. Peter Faucett and other member* of the benate of the University ; the Warden and Fellows of St. Paul's College (including Mr. Cape and Sir Alfred Stephen. C J.) ; the Very Rev. the Rector of .St. John's, and Messrs. Hart, M.L.A., J. \ . Gorman, It O'Connor, and other lay and clerical gentlemen connected with tho same collegiate establishment all wearing their appropriate costumes, academical or otherwise. The assembly also numbered several members of the local Legislature, including Mr. John Hay, Mr. Hicronimus, and others. Heavy showers fell during the ceremony, and no doubt interfered with_ the attendance of the spectators, but did not damp the obvious in- terest manifested in the proceeding* by all present. Some accommodation had been provided for such an emergency by the erection of a shed, and c vered dais or platform-the latter placed for the Archbishop and i his assistants, at the eastern end of the ground-so that the inconvenience which would otherwise have resulted from the pluvial visitation was, in some, de- gree, obviated. The site of St. John's College is on the western side of the opan lund, formerly known as Grose Farm, and the structuie, when completed, will occupy a most picturesque ard elevated position. This ground, as our readers arc doubtless aware, has been specially set apart for collegiate purposes, the Government granting eighteen acres to each denomi- nation, availing itself of the advantages of the Affi- liated Colleges' Act. The buildings ore to be carried out in Pyrmont stone like those of the University ; hut the architecture will be of an earlier character than is adopted for that structure Tney will com- prise accommodation for eighty resident students, each having a separate room, rector and vice-rector's apartments, library, room for philoiophiual instru- ments, apartments for five professors, two recreation rooms, infiimary, a large hall, and spacious chapel, besides four lecture rooms, and other uri.ingcments. The principal entrance will be by the tower, which will stand on the side facing the Pitrramilta Road. This tower will be thirty-five feet square, and about two hundred feet high to tho pinnacles. The lower story of the tower will be vaulted with stone graining. The'plans were prepared at tho commencement of the last year by W. W. Wardell, Esq., Fellow of the Royal Institute of Architects of London, and now chief architect of the Department of Public Works in Vic- toria. A clerk of works is appointed to reside on the spot and exercise a constant supervision of the work. Shortly after eleven a.m. the proceedings commenced by the following procession which moved from the school-house at Camperdown in the following order : Croas. Youno; Men'» Society. Cbrl.tian Doctrine Soalcty. HjlyCitholln Guild. Stndfnts from I,vnrthnr»t College. Fellows of Sr. John's CoIIoro. Acolyte : Processional Cross : Acolyte : Cio-3. Tho Clergy ucoording to seniority. The Cleriry of the C ithcdral. night Reverend Abbot Gregory. Arcbicnincopal Crow. Ai"sl»iant Prient. Assistant Deacon*. Els Griioo Hi« Arehblehopj Train Bearers. Book and Caudle Bearers. Arrived at the ground, the clergy and officials took up their respective positions as previously arranged. The Archbishop (who was robed in full pontifical») was accompanied by the Right Reverend Abbot II. G. Gregory, vnd other attendant priests and digni- taries, nil habited in the richly embroidered copes, Sec, peculiar to the Roman Catholic Church. The Archbishop then delivered a long and in- teresting address. His Grace, vested over his rochet with amice, alb, girdle, stole, white cope, and plain mitre, and holding the crosier in his left hand, standing, then blessed the salt and the water, having first exorcised them so thai from the place where they should be sprinkled ' might fly away and depart every fantasy and wickedness, and deceit of diabolical fraud ; and cvery unclean spirit." The salt was then put into the water in the form of a cross, his Grace saying at the time " Let there bo made a mingling of salt and water equally. In the name of the Father, &c;, &c.;" The choir, which was composed chiefly of the monks and ecclesiastical students of Lyndhurst College, was led by tlie precentor the Rev. II. A. Cnrtis, O.S.B., and the Rev. N. Quirk, second cantor (who wore richly embroidered copes to distinguish their office), then chanted on nntiphon and Psalm 83, the alternate | verses being taken up by the Archbishop, the Right Rev. Abbot Gregory, the Very Rev. Dean Sumner, the Very Rev. Dean O'connell, and some others of the superior clergy. To their voices was added those of the acolytes, standard bearers, clergymen in sur I plices and tho assi-tant priests. The Gre_orian chants were used on this occ ision, and the effect of all these voices now swelling, and now ! falling with the harmony of these grand melodies, was calculated to excite devotional feelings, and to lift the soul to Heaven, The chant heirn- ended, tho Archbishop, his mitre laid aside, offered up ii prayer, then descended from the platform followed by'his clergymen and train bearers, and having come to the foundation stone, which was on the ground-he blessed it, the priests responding alternately. He then in- voked Heaven to bless the stone for the foundation of tho College in honour of St. John, and sprinkled it with holy water. The stone was then raised to a convenient height, nnd the Archbishop taking the silver trowel presented to him hythe Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, on behalf of the Fellows of the College, marked the sides, and top, and bottom of the stone with the sign of the cross, in the name of the Holy Trinity. The stone was then blessed, aad the Archbishop having put on his mitre ascended the platform whilst the choristers chanted the Litany of the Saints. At the conclusion, the Archbishop again laid aside his mitre, and, standing towards the found ition stone, again prayed. He then descended from the platform, and, taking his place by the stone, the choir chanted the 120th Psalm. His Excellency the Governor General at this time left the spot where he hud been from the commencement, and nlso went down to the foundation stone, accompanied by his aide-de-camp, by Mr. Gorman, Mr. O'Connor, and other gentlemen. The Very Rev. Dean O'Conncll, O.S.B , here read a translation of the document about to be placed in the bottle, in which were enclosed the coins of the realm, and a copy of the document in parchment. The bottle was then deposited in the cavity made for it, over which was placed a large copper plate, with the fol- lowing inscription : Ad majorera Del Glorinm. Sub invocitlone 8. Jomnii Evangelista!. [ Lapidera Priraarium. Colleftlt Romani Catholic!, Ia Univer-itste Sldnelensl. BonedKIt et Pomlt. ' Dims. otR-mis. Joinnes Beda, 0 S.B, Arpns. Sluncien : DioUvaFostl ejusdem Apo»: ct Evang; Anno Kopsratai Salutls MDCCCL.X. Piu Nono, Pont. Max : Vlotoriue Britannlarara Regina. Gol: 'tho: Denison, Eq: Aur: Col: Prtuf: n«». "TCK?T-JD-,V- M. O'connell, O.S. a.. Coll: llcctore. nev: Mien. A. Corlsh Pet: Faucett llmu« Hen. Gregory Gregory, Joan: V. Gorman Abbas jM. Um.( 5°I' ?-_î?5: Ke»"n* tI , JaVz Kin«; Heydon ?S V'/'r i"iî*n *."« Macdonuell v^n«,U' "ry £ho: ^»P" Makinson, B.A. Edw. Butler Ric: o'connor SSi; SóSSÍ? "^ ,ranÄett ****". B-A" Gul: W. Wordell, architect. Eyre G. Ellis, secret: His Grace then touched and placed the stone in the foundation, saying, in Latin and English-" In the faith of Jesus Christ, we set tlÜB first stone in this foundation. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God, and brotherly love ; and that this place may be devoted to Dray er," and to the invocation and praise of the name* of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father, and the Holy Ghost, livcth and reigneth, God, world without ead. Amen." The stone, being placed and set with lime, was afterward sprinkled with holy water, whilst the ¿Oth Psalm was chanted. When the chanting was finished, his Grace again ascended the platform, and after having offered up a prayer, a procession was formed for the purpose of going round the foundations whioh had been marked 'out, and of sprinkling them with holy water. The cortege, which was very imposing, was led by the master of the ceremonies, the Reverend Father Sheehy, who was followed by the acolytes bearing incense and censers : to them succeeded acolytes with covered torches, the cantors, clergy in surplices, iel lows, clerical and lay. of St. John's College, the two assistant priests to the Archbishop, the Archbishop himself and his train bearers. This ceremony lasted nearly half an hour, his Grace stopping three times to offer up prvyers, whilst the choristers chanted the 86th and 121st Psalms. The procession returned from whence it started, and the Archbishop having laid aside his mitre, chanted the first verse of the hymn commencing, " Veni, Creator Spiritus." He then put on his mitre, and turned with his clergy to- wards the east, and chanted alternate verses with the choristers. A final prayer was then offered up, and the ceremony of benediction, and laying the founda- tion stone of the college terminated with the solemn benediction of the people by the Archbishop. The Governor-Gj-encral, attended by his staff, by Sir Alfied Stephen, the Hon, F, L. S, Merewether, and i Mr. Kennedy, the Registrar of the University, then went upon the platform, and courteously saluted the ' Archbishop. His Grace having acknowledged the salutation, then rose and delivered a congratulatory address, which was listened to with great attention. Afterwards the Governor-General addressed the assemblage and the company dispersed. I 