DAYLESFORD. I am glad to see that the Royal Society of Victoria have offered prizes for the best essays on the formation of gold, find the best method of its extraction (an alchemist would have said reviviacation) from the quartz in which it is entombed. I believe the subject of extraction is at the present moment seriously engaging the attention of many of our practical miners who do not pretend to much practical knowledge on the subject. The possibility of. quartz fusion is no longer an uncertain one; it is well known to all who have seen kilns burning that quartz is fused every day, and when the heat is intense accumulates into semi- transparent slag. Lime, soda, and other adjuncts add materially to its fusibility, but nothing has yet been experimentally accomplished which would justify the expectation of procuring a remunerating quantity of the precious metal by means of fusion. It is just within the limits of possibility, that the prize of the Royal Society may bring to light some valuable suggestions which will prove of immense advantage to this district,, where quartz is ob tained so abundantly. On inspecting the Nuggetty Reef, at the head of Connell's Gully, which is leased by Messrs; Willard, I saw tons of quartz : which is doubtless auriferous, but will probably be looked on. as worthless till thoroughly efficient machinery is erected on the spot, when probably it will-be found to pay handsomely. After sinking a shaft to the depth of one hundred feet, gold was struck in this claim, last week, which . promises to pay well. The vein appears large, but none of it has been crushed yet. The quartz from Adams and Co.'s claim, of Sailor's Greek, yields about' two' or three ounces to the ton. Their machine is the cheapest to work in the district, being driven by" water power, and is capable of crushing ten tons a day. By the process adopted, it appears to me that not the ghost of a tangible grain of gold can escape un detected, ; On the Perseverance Reef, in the same locality, a shaft has been sunk that already penetrates ninety feet through the solid rock, which consists of a very hard laminated stone resembling limestone in weight and color. They are driving in the direction in which they consider the reef to be, and have already met with indications of gold. The labour expended on this shaft is enormous, the rock being so hard as to bid defiance to the . pick; and they are consequently obliged to resort to blasting. An . engine of 8 horse-power is at work day and night in pumping out the water from the shaft. I have not much to communicate regarding other mining operations . On the Table Hill; at the Kangaroo diggings, there are four or five hundred men employed in tunneling, but at first: sight the diggings appear deserted. On a nearer approach you are enabled to. see that all is activity. What they are getting . I ; am unable to say, for your miner, whatever his other excellent ; qualities may be, is not generally distinguished by a readiness to trumpet forth his own success into the ears of despairing new chums. However, by the number of men employed, and the alacrity they display, I do not think I am far wrong in stating that the Kangaroo diggings are turning out well. A fine nugget weighing 240 ozs,, now lies at the Treasury. It was taken from 'the claim adjoining the one from which the 50 lbs. nugget was obtained a short time 'since. The party intend leaving it in the safe custody in which they have placed it till they return from the Snowy River, to which place they contemplate paying a visit. ; At New Nuggetty Gully a third nugget was found last week, near Chapman and Easton's store, weighing exactly twenty pounds. The fortunate finders were a party consisting of a German and two Poles, who had been working for some time without success. The nugget was discovered- about 'ten feet from .the surface, within a short distance of the spot where the fifty pound . nugget was picked up a. few days ago. As might have been, expected a rush to . the locality has taken place; but whether any more monster nuggets will be rooted up is a matter which remains to be proved. The reefs' on 'Forty Foot are turning out well, several parties having bottomed within the last week. The reefs are already yielding on an average 3 ozs. to the ton. and are expected to improve with deeper sinking.— Daylesford Advocate. 