footfalls on the boundary of another world. . (From Chambers' Journal .) Under the above title, Mr R. D, Owen, for merly member of Congress, and American' Minister to Naples, has published, in bis owri country, a volume on so-called supernatural ro- vejations and appearances, A belief in such things — apparently coeval with humanity itself —was thoroughly put out of countenance in the last century, and has long been left to the meanest vulgar. It is now reviving, not only in America, but in this country, with, however, this material difference, that the modern pro fessor of the faith claims for it a legitimate place in the universal frame of things, and pre sents himself as seeking for the laws under which it is regulated. Mr Owen enters upon his work in this spirit. He collects, in the first place, narratives involving mystic facts which can be well authenticated, and then endeavours to come to some general conclusion as to these partial gleanings from the confines of another world. He discusses in a calm, reasoning way the opposition to mystic subjects, which ap pears to rest on a syllogism : the laws of na ture being invariable, these facts, which tran scend the laws of nature, cannot be true. The proposition of Mr Owen being granted, that the facts are not transgressions of nature's laws, but the result of some wide though unknown law, this objection may be said to fall to the ground. Such, then, is the philosophy of the book. A large preliminary section is devoted to the phenomena of sleep and dreaming. The au thor relates anew many of the anecdotes for merly related by Baxter, Carlyon, and Aber- crombie, and adds several which he has him self gathered from reputable sources. Of the latter, the following strikes us as the most worthy of notice, seeing that some of the cir cumstances are very peculiar, and that the narrative is obtained directly from .the indivi dual concerned. In the winter of 1835-6, a schooner was frozen up in the upper part of the Bay of Fundy, close to Dorchester, which is nine miles from the river Pedeudiac. During the time of her detention she was intrusted to the care of a gentleman of the name of Clarke, who i9 at this time captain of the schooner Julia Hallock, trading between New York and St. Jago de Cuba. Captain Clarke's paternal grandmother, Mrs Ann Dawe Clarke, to whom he was much attached, was at that time living, and so far as he knew, well. She was residing at Lyme Regis, in the county of Dorset, England, ' On the night of the 15th February 1836, Captain Clarke, then on board the schooner referred to, had a dream of so vivid a character that it produced a greut impression upon bim. He areamed that, being at Lyme Regis, he saw pass before him the funeral of his grandmother. He took note of the chief persons who com posed tha procession, observed who were the pall- bearers, who were the mourners, and in what order they walked, and distinguished who was the officiating pastor. He joined the pro cession as it approached the churchyard gate, and proceeded with it to the grave. He thought (in his dream) that the weather was stormy, and the ground wet, as after a heavy rain ; and he noticed that the wind, being high blew the pall partly off the coffin. The grave yard which they entered — the old Protestant one in the centre of the town — was the same in which, as Captain Clarke knew, their family burying place was. He perfectly remembered its situation ; but, to his surprise, the funeral procession did not proceed thither, but to ano ther part of the churchyard at some distance. There (still in his dream) he saw the open grave partially- filled with water, as from the rain ; and, looking into it, he particularly noticed floating in the wafer two drowned field mice. Afterwards, as he thought, he conversed with his mother ; and she told him that the morn ing had been so tempestous that the. funeral, originally appointed for ten o'clock, had been deferred till four He remarked, in reply, that it was a fortunate circumstance, for as he had just arrived in time to join the procession,, had the funeral taken place in the forenoon, he could not have attended it at all. ' This dream made so deep aa impression on Captain Clarke that in the morning he noted the date of it. Some time afterwards there came the news of his grandmother's death, with the additional particular that she was buried on the same day on which he, being in North America, had dreamed of her funeral. When, four years afterward, Captain Clarke visited Lyme Regis, he found that every parti cular of Mb dream minutely corresponded with the reality. The pastor, the pall .bearers,' and the mourners were the same persons he had seen. Yet this, we may suppose, he might naturally have anticipated. But the funeral had been appointed for ten o'clook in the morning, and, in consequence of the tempestuous weather and the heavy rain that was falling, it had been delayed until four in the afternoon. HiB mother, who attended the funeral, distinct ly recollected that the high wind blew the pall partially off the coffin. In consequence of a wish expressed by the old lady shortly before her death, she was buried, not in the burying place of the family, but at auother spot selec ted by herself ; and to this spot Captain Clarke, without any indication from the family or otherwise, proceeded at once, as directly as if he had been present at the burial. Finally, on aomparing notes with the old sexton, it ap peared tho heavy rain of the morning had par tially filled the grave, and that there were ac tually found in it two field mice drowned. 'This last incident, even if there were no other might suffice to preclude all idea of accidental coincidence. 'The above was narrated to me. by Captain Clarke himself, with permission to use hisDame in attestation of its trot,' Another ecction gives details as to supposed hauuted houses, including several cases with which the public has long been familiar, and a few others, generally of modern date, which are here introduced to English readers for the first time. Another large section of the book is devoted to narratives regarding appearances of people out of the body, both during life and after death — all incredible, according to the reigning code of faith on such subjects, and yet all tes tified to by direct aud weighty evidence. One of the most curious refers to a series of circum stances which havereceutly occurred in London and have been tho subject of a good deal of vague rumor. ' In the month of September, 1857, Captain G w , of the 6th Dragoon Guards, went out to India, there to join his regiment. ' His wife remained in England, residing at Cambridge. On the night between the 14th and 15tli of November, 1857, towards morning 'she dreamed tl.at she saw her husband looking ahxious and ill; upon which she immediately awoke, much agitated, It was bright moon- light ; and looking up, she perceived the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared in his uniform, the hands pressed across the breast, the hair dishevelled, the face very pale. His large dark eyes were fixed full upon her ; their expression was that of great excitement, and there was a peculiar contraction of the mouth, habitual to him when agitated. She saw him, even to each minute particular of bis dress, as distinctly as she had ever done in her life ; and she remembers to have noticed be tween his hands the white of the Ehirt bosom, unstained, however, with blood. The figure seemed to bend forward as if in pain, and to make an effort to speak ; but there was no sound. It remained visible, the wife thinks, as long as a minute, and then disappeared. Her first idea was to ascertain if she was actually awake. She rubbed her eyes with the sheet, and felt that the touch was real. Her little nephew was in bed with her : she bent over the sleeping child and listened to its breathing ; the sound was distinct, and she be came convinced that what she had seen was no dream. It need hardly be added that she did not again go to sleep that night. ' Next morning she related all this to her mother, expressing her conviction, though she had notice no marks of blood on his dress, that Captain W was either killed or grie vously wounded. So fully impressed was she with the reality of that apparition, that she thenceforth refused all invitations. A young friend urged her, soon afterwards, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her that she had received from Malta, sent by her husband, a handsome dress cloak, which Bhe had never yet worn ; but she positively declined declaring that, uncertain as she was whether she was not already a widow, she would never enter a place of amusement until she had letters from her husband (if, indeed, he still lived) of later date than the 14th of November. 'It was on a Tuesday in the month of De cember 1857, that the telegram regarding the actual fate of Captain W was published in LondoD. It was to the effect that he was killed before Lucknow on the fifteenth of No vember. ' This news, given iu the morning paper, at tracted the attention of Mr Wilkinson, a Lon don solicitor, who had in charge. Captain W 's affairs. When, at a later period, this gentleman met the widow, she informed him that she had been quite prepared for the melancholy news, but that she felt Bure her husband could not have been killed on the 15tli of November, inasmuch as it was in the night between the 14th and 15th that he appeared to herself. ' The certificate from the War Office, how ever, which it became Mr Wilkinson's duty to obtain, confirmed the date given in the tele gram ; its tenor being as follows : War Office, 30th Jan., 1858.: ' ' These are to certify that it appears, by the records, in this- office, that Captain G— — - W— of . the 6tb Dragoon Guards, was killed in action on the 15th Nov.' 1857. (Signed) " B. Hawes." ah uncertainty as to the exact day, a remark able incident occurred, which seemed to cast farther suspicion on- the accuracy of the' tele gram and of the certificate. -That gentleman was visiting a friend, whose lady has all her life had perceptions of apparitions, while her husband is what is usually called an impressible medium ; facte which are known, however, only to their intimate friends. .Though personally acquainted with them, I am not at liberty to give their names. Let us call them Mr and Mrs N — . ' Mr Wilkinson related to them, as a won derful circumstance, the vision of the Captain's widow in connection with his death', and des cribed the figure as it had appeared to her. Mrs — .turning to her husband, instant ly-said : ' That must be the very person I saw, the evening we were talking of India, and you drew an elephant with a howdah on his back. Mr Wilkinson has described his exact position and appearance ; the uniform of a British offi cer, his hands preBeed across his breast, his form bent forward as if in pain. The figure,' she added to Mr W— —r—, ,e appeared just behind my husband, and/ Beemed looking over iby left shoulder." " Did you at tempt to obtain any communica- tion from him ?" Mr Wilkinson asked. " Yes ; we- procured one through the medi um of my. husband." j . /' " Do'you remember its purport ?" ' It was to the effeot that he had been kil led in'India that afternoon, by a wound in., the breast ; and adding, as I distinctly remember : That thing I used to go about in is not buried yet.'' I more partciularly remarked that expres sion.!' ; ; .- - : " When did this happen ?" " About nine o'clock in the eveniog, several week 8 ago; but I do- not recollect the exact date." " Can you not call to mind something- that might enable you to fix the precise day ' MrB N reflected. " I remember nothing," she said. at last, " except that while my husband was, drrwing. and I Was talking to a lady friend who had called to see us, we were interrupted by a servaut bringing in a bill for some 'German; vinegar, and that, as I recom mended it as being superior to English, we had a bottle brought in for inspection." " Did you pay the bill at the time ?" "Yes; I sent out (the money by thp ser vant,'' . — - " " Was the bill receipted ?" "I think so ; but I have it up stairs, and can soon 'ascertain." ' 'Mrs N- — : produced the bill. Its receipt bore date the 14th of November ! ' This confirmation of the widow's conviction as to the day of her husband's death, produced so much impression on Mr Wilkinson, that he called at the office of Messrs Cox and Green wood, the army agents, to ascertain if there was no mistake in the certificate. But nothing there appeared to confirm any surmise of inac curacy. Captain W— — 's death was men tioned in two separate despatches of Sir Colin Campbell ; and in both the date corresponded with that given in the tejegrapp, ' So matters rested, until, in the month of March 1858, the family of Captain W — ' . ' received from Captain G C— , then of the military train, a letter dated near Lucknow, on the 19th December, 1857. This letter informed them that Captain W— had been killed before Lucknow, while gallant ly 'ending on the squadron, not on the 15th of November, as reported in Sir Colin Campbell's despatches, but on the fourteenth, in the after noon. Captain C was riding close by his side at the time lie saw him fall. He was struck by a fragment of shpll in the breast, and never spoke after he was hit. He was buried at the Dilkoosha ; and on a wooden cross crec- ted by his friend, Lieutenant R- of the 9th Lancers, at the head of his grave, are cut the initials G. W., and the date of his death, the 14th of November 1857. ' The War Office finally made the correction as to the date of death, but not until more than a year after the event occurred. Mr Wilkin son having occasion to apply for on additional copy of the certificate in April, 1859, found it in exactly the same words as that which 1 have given, only that tho 14lh of November had been substituted for the 15tb, ' This extraordinary narrative was obtained by me directly from the parties themselves. The widow of Captain W kindly consen- ted to examine and correct the manuscript, and allowed me to inspect a copy of Captara C 's letter, giving the particular's of her husband's death. To Mr Wilkinson, also, the manuscript was submitted, and he assented to its accuracy so far as he is concerned. That portion which relates to Mrs N— — — I had from that lady herself. I have neglected no precaution, therefore, to obtain for it the war rant of authenticity. ' It is perhaps the only example on record where the appearance of what is usually termed a ghost proved the means of correcting au er roneous date in the despatches of a commander- in-chief, and of detectiog an inaccuracy in the certificate of a War Office.' The Memorial or Nah-ne-bah-wbb-ouay. — This individual is the wife of William Sutton, an Englishman, at Owen Sound, in Upper Cana da; she is a full -blood Indian of the Ojibbeway tribe, who inhabit the shores of Lake Huron, the niece and adopted daughter of the late Peter Jones, the converted Indian chief, who was so eminently useful as a missionary, and who visited this country about 20 years since. She was cho sen at a general Indian Council, held la9t summer, to make known to the Government and the Queen the bard case of the poor Indian. She bus arrived in this country and presented the Indian memori al, which beseeches the Queen to interpose for their help, so that they may not be driven from their homes, their farms, and cultivated lands by the cupidity of the white tnan. We have received an abstract of the memorial ; it shows that by existing laws and usages, the lands of the Indians are held by tribal and not by individual tenure ; so that if the chiels and a few of the people can be gained over, by whatever means, the whole of the land reserved as a home for their tribe, may be taken from under the feet even of those who do not consent. This, in many instances, has actually taken place. But there can be no just reason why these Indians, now civilized and Christian should be thus driven from place to place, and be allowed no spot on which they may set their feet, in security and peace, under " the benevolent sceptre of Britain,' ob we represent it to ourselves. It i3 high time that means should be devised and taken, that those civil rights which are freely granted to fugitive slaves, refugees, or settlers from any part of the world, and are not refused to the Indians in the United States, should be accor ded to those noble people ; also that an indispu table title to land which they possess and cultivate should be secured to these, the original lords of the soil.— The Duke of Newcastle, having laid before the Queen all the particulars of the case, received her command to inquire into it, and to do what he could on behalf of those Indians. The Queen graciously promised Nah-ne-bah-we-quay that she would aid and protect her.— The gentle man from whom we have received the above par ticulars, adds: — I had the pleasure of meeting in London this Indian " charge d affaires, one m whom the calm strength of purpose of the Red Indian, was directed and softened by the tender ness and grace of the Christian woman. She is a member of the Wesleyan church. It is understood that engagements are being entered into by the Spanish Government for the construction in this country of eight first class war steamers, which are expected to cost little less than £200,000 each. The Spanish Government are also in the English market for the purchase of several thousand loadB of oak timber, the con tracts for which stipulate for tho deposit of £17,000 caution money. Spainjias abundance of oak in her own forests, wfiTch is stated to be iuaceessible from want of roads ; but is is a remarkable circumstance that while she is making purchases in our markets, the English Admiralty are reported to have sent surveyors to ascertain what can be obtained from these sources, Btron's Gim-Ndson.— -The London corre-. spondent of the Manchester Guardian says : — I see a paragraph running the round of the 'press, touching the will of Lady Byron. Lord Lovelace's son and heir, the grandson to whom i will ultimately fall the bulk of the Lady By ron's property, and who now becomes Baron Went worth by her death, is. at this moment I believe, and certainly has for a considerable time past, been working at weekly wages, as an artisan in the smith's department at Wool wich Arsenal. For the son of an Earl, and the 'son of a baronet hy writ, L should think this a unique case. The fact, however, is perfectly certain. Lord Lovelace's daughter, to whom passes the bulk of Lady Byron's large personal property, is an inheritrix of much of the rare .ability of her mother, Ada, the only daughter of Lord Byron. yfe learn from two letters which appeared in the Times, that the Crimean blunders are being repeated, on a small scale, at the Cur- ragh Camp. The inclement weather has played Bad havoc with three Dragoon regi ments, and a detatchment of Artillery, which have been under canvass. The. men have'been thoroughly drenched. On the 17th of August the date of one, of the letters, they were ' without a single article of dry clothing,' and fears were entertained that the constitutions of many pf the poor fellows must suffer. seriously from the undue expo sure. The horses were, found to be in an equally wretched state. They were standing fetlock deep in mud and water, were with out shelter, and ' were just able to keep on their legs.' Five had already died, and the chances were that ' five times that number would be rendered useless., It is well to inure our troops to the hardships and incon veniences of camp life, but this object can . surely be obtained without imperilling the men s lives, and needlessly sacrificing valua ble horses. We cannot afford to throw away either men or money at this present mo ment. ... - ' ' An interesting experiment was recently made to obtain a direct communication be - tween Balmoral and Berlin, d distance of nearly 1800 miles. A short conversation took place, the telegraph clerk at Balmoral informing the clerk at Berlin that the Bal moral time was two p.m., the clerk in the Prussian capital replying that it had just struck three, and that the signals were as distinct as if the distance had been only a few miles. The electric telegraph wires are now extended to Balmoral for the serviced' the Court during Her Majesty's stay in the N orth. Mr Dickens is reported to. be at work on a new novel, to make its appearance in the usual monthly shilling form, which is found to be the most profitable after all, ns it would be difficult to make any serial pay £40,000 profit in twenty months, by running a novel through it. This sura was netted by ' Bleak House,' 