BANKRUPTCY ENQUIRIES. (TIMES.) The examinations in our Courts of Bank- j ruptcy are becoming almost scholastic for their extraordinary subtleties and refinements. If a man wants to sharpen the edge of his wits we can recommend him to any aspiring lawyer or metaphysician. They will supply as good a whetstone as Duns Scotus or Lord Eldon's judgments. What kinds of debts have a right to appear in a bankrupt's balance-sheet ? What debts are debts Are debts debts which aw contracted to prevent bad debts V A. owes you £50,000 for cargoes of timber, slate, tallow, guano, or anything else you like. That is a debt, or something very like one, and it has a right to appear in the balance-sheet. But if you suspect that A is tottering, and that you have a very poor chance of your money unless you keep him on his legs just while this storm, is blowing over, and then lend him £5,000, is that a real debt, and a debt which has a right to appear in the balance-sheet ? That is a question which is argued in the case of Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore's bankruptcy, and in answer to it Mr. Linklater's says " No that is not it real debt, but a fictitious shadow and ghost of a debt-an ocular delusion, and a reflection simply of the original substance which has produced it and is altogether answer able for it." A bankrupt's accounts, at least the creditor's side of them, are thus a kind of mixture-of Terra Linna and mirage in which one-half the debts which meet us are only created to save the other half. They are the second thoughts of creditorship, mere humble companions to first transactions ; they are in spirit and intention diminution of preceding debts, which only unhappily fall of that desirable object, and become augmentations of them good money thrown after bad, or rather bad money thrown after worse. Such is this ambiguous and nondescript class of debts, which excites the natural displeasure of some of the creditors of Messrs. Laurence and Mortimore, who accordingly represent to the Court in Basinghall-street, with great care and discrimi- nation, that these are not real debts, and that a distinction is to be drawn between the genuine article and these spurious representations of it With respect to the fact itself, we all know very well that it is a prevailing practice in the commercial world to souci money after money in this way. So- and-So is in difficulties and must be assisted; that is the system which comes out in the disclosures just made in, Basinghall-street, in the case to which we are referring, and is determinately elicited and brought out in detail by Mr. Linklater's cross examination. The bankrupt admits case after case of it. " Mr. Herbert Smith told me that Payne and Clark were in difficulties, and said they must be assisted. I said we ought to assist Payne and Clark. Mr. Herbert Smith said Payne and Clark would stop unless assisted by them, and that they (Herbert Smith & Co.) would stop unless assisted by us." And if Herbert Smith and Co." stopped, it would then go hard with Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore The several links in the chain are all connected together, and if the enemy is kept out at one end it is security to the other. Herbert Smith said, You shall not lose a shilling by me.' " That is to be the ultimate effect of this train of supports Payne and Clark leaning on Herbert Smith and Co., and Herbert Smith and Co. on Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore. All this in the face of positive insolvency, believed at the time to be the condition of the "assisted" party :-" I believed Herbert Smith and Co. to be insolvent apart from the mines did not know the amount of liability of Payne and Clark to Herbert Smith. I do not know that I have inquired. I was satisfied with Herbert Smith's assurance that we should not lose a shilling by him." The bankrupts themselves have the benefit of the Raine system when their own case becomes imminent. " I went to Mr. Chapman's private residence and said that we could not get on, and that we should require some assistance. He said-' Oh ! you must not stop.' " A sum of £20,000 was lent immediately to prevent this dire necessity, with a prospect of more but, even when this £20,000 is got, £2,000 of it forthwith goes to prevent Herbert Smith and Co. " stopping." " Herbert Smith asked for the £2,000; that was the reason of my paying it to him. " Mr. Linklator.-Did you or did you not give it to him to prevent his stopping ? " The Bankruptcy gave it to him to provide for bills of his falling due on the following day. " Mr. Linklator.-Answer my question. Yes or No ? " The Bankruptcy gave it to him to prevent his stopping." And so the case goes on. " Smith, Patient, and Smith are another creditor. " In March or April I did not think I should lose £100,000 by Smith and Patient-perhaps £30,000 or £40,000. I still continued discounting their bills perhaps to the amount of one-third of their debt to us." Thus, the debt of this firm to the bankrupt firm grows from £60,000 to £120,000 within the space of a few months of the bankruptcy-all, of course, allowed to be contracted on the principle that they could not afford to stop this accumulation of debt for what, then, would become of " Smith, Patient, and Co." ? It is obvious that any continuation of dealings on the part of one firm with another known to be in a slippery condition is of the nature of a loan for the purpose of preventing " stoppage." " Rider did a large trade in the United States, and in order to be able to get goods on the best terms we gave him our acceptances. We did not often look into the account, we thought it always safe." A debt of £28,000 thus figures in the bankrupts' balance sheet as due from Rider, on the ground of these accommodation acceptances ; " whereas," says Mr. Linklater, " this is obviously a mere sham debt. As a matter of book-keeping, and for the sake of of convenience, the bankrupts might debit Rider with their acceptances at the time they were given ;" but when the account was dealt with in court these acceptances could not possibly figure as a debt, because they had only been a liability contracted, and never so much actual money lent to another party. With this state of the case before us, then, -viz., that a large class of nondescript and shadowy debts appear in the accounts of Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore, and may do so in the accounts of other bankrupts, the question arises, what exact purpose it can serve to make accurate distinctions as to the nature of different debts, and say that some may and some may not appear in a bankrupt's balance sheet. If the sole object in every case of bankruptcy is to get at all the property which the bankrupt actually has, this object is not effected by any misrepresentation by the bankrupt that his property is larger than it is. When a number of debts which are put down turn out to be on examination paper debts, it is, of course, a great disappointment to the creditors, but as the creditors cannot possibly get more than the bankrupt has, they are deprived of nothing by such misrepresentation, for they would not have got more by less appearing in the balance-sheet. If there is any suspicion, indeed, that such over- statement is a blind to cover the omission of some real property which ought to appear in the assets, It is highly proper that the discovery should act as a stimulus to a stricter examination of his affairs. But otherwise The mere describing; certain debts is real debts which are only the fictitious creation of a highly artificial system of trade does no creditor any pecuniary harm. But, if the object of the Bankruptcy Court is to pass anything of a judgment upon the bankrupt's transactions, if the Court is charged with the office of keeping up the standard of mercantile integrity and sound principles of trade, in that case the nature of the debts due to the bankrupt, the non-payment of which has caused his bankruptcy, becomes a just and proper subject to notice. This is not, indeed, it very easy subject to deal with. You cannot deny altogether the right of a man in trade to speculate with his money, and if he thinks that by keeping up a tottering debtor by additional support he will ultimately got back the whole of the increased debt, whereas he is certain not to be paid the ousting debt if he lets him fall, this is a speculation which stands on much the same ground as other kinds of speculation. Nor can we wholly omit the claims of mercantile friend- ship, which sometimes not unnaturally arise when firms have long dealt with each other. This is a question, then, that cannot be decided by any summary dictum. In the present highly artificial state' of trade especially it would be impossible to lay down any stringent rule. It is evident that the interests of different firms are so often intertwined now that mutual no instance has become, to a certain extent, almost a law of trade. It must depend, then, entirely on the mode in which this practice is carried on whether it must be decided to have kept within, or to have exceeded, the proper limits, and that distinction we can only get from the facts of the case be fore us. In the present instance the bankrupts appear to have abandoned them selves loosely and blindly to this system, satisfying themselves with mere off-hand words as guarantees. Even if I (here were more or loss of mercantile good- nature in such relations, it must be remembered that there is such a thing as unprincipled good- nature, and that a state of things in which people are hall good-natured and half dishonest, conniving at the liberties others take from a consciousnesstluitthey want the same indulgence for themselves is very bad. The practice of mutual assistance, then wants sharply looking after, and any excess or want of mercantile principle in it should never escape notice, 