LITERATURE. THE PATRIOT POET. The Athenceum of March 2 has a notice of the life and works of Francesco Doll' Ongaro, concerning whom the reviewer thus speaks at the commencement of his article : — ' Dall' Ongaro, the Venetian priest, poet, playwright, and journalist, the soldier of the Roman Re public and aide-de-camp of Garibaldi, the Editor of the Monitare di Roma, who wrote its last article in '49 with French bayonets gleam ing at the printing-office doors, and expiated his sins of patriotism by a ten years' exile, embodies not only in his works but in his life so much that is characteristic of his country I and his time that the roughest outline of them is suggestive of the strange and storied scenes of which they form a part.' We have not sufficient space for the nine columns of print which are devoted by the Alhenaum to a review of the actions and w rnuuya ui iuo gunauu tutu eloquent J.iauau ; but we subjoin the concluding portion of the notice, making no doubt that all our readers who admire true poetry, brilliantly and vigor ously written, will not delay in making a fur ther acquaintance with the author. For awhile, during the gallant defence of Rome he (Dall' Ongaro) was one of Garibaldi's aides-de-camp, and when all was finally lost, and he had written the last article of hi3 journal with Trench soldiers surrounding the printing-office doors, he accompanied the people to make their last protest at the Capitol, and neo into exile, which lasted until tbe liberation of the Duchies, m April last, permitted him to return to Tuscany. Four years of his banishment were spent in the Canton Ticino, where he published a volume of popular songs, and engaged in other literary undertakings with some of his countrymen re siding in Switzerland. Subsequently, he de I livered a course of admirable lectures on Dante, at Brussels ; and, later still, established himself i at Paris, where he wrote several dramatic piece?. The Italian translation of Racine's ' Phedre,' in which Madame Ristori appeared in Paris and London, is due to his pen, as well as that of Milman's 'jfozio,' in which the gifted artist obtained bo signal a success two years ago in London. But it is still as the lyric poet, nervous and picturesque — as the song writer — elegantly tender or bitterly severe — dealing easily alike with the silken pliancies of ^iis own Venetian dialect, or the fiery cadences of pithy Tuscan— that Dall' Ongaro attracts his countrymen's warmest sympathies. Good samples of his peculiar power are to be found in several of his latest published poems, written since his return from banishment on political subjects ; and so far, of course, pieces de cir constance, yet instinct with the heart-stirring and undying music of some of the old Jacobite Bongs. Take, for instance, ' The Phantom Volunteers,' just published at Milan. We select the opening lines, in which the poet de scribes himself as presenting to Victor Em manuel in Bhodowy review the spirits of the heroes who have bled in the cause of Italy to reintorce ins living troop3 : — Lo ! King Victor ! to thy presence I too bring a chosen band ; Voluntecia who will not fail thee— Danger-proof in heart and hand. At thy trumpet-clang they come, Newly risen from the tomb, As all flesh shall rise one day Into judgment from the clay. Mount, brave heart', and fill your places, For the roll-call has begun; Let the King behold your faces, I will tell the deeds you've done ! From the farthest Alps to Scylla, For their laud and for the right, Once they rose, and strove, *nd Buffered, To preserve that prophet-light Which bow rears and blazes on From the scaffold to the throne, And tbe Italian cities shakes With the freedom cry it wakes. He then proceeds with a long and eloquent enumeration of his heroes, and rounds it off thus : — Whether 'mil the fl?sh of banners On tbe battle-field they fell; Or, the sport of coward outrage, Perished in a dungeon cell ; Some struck down 'mid trumpet's clanging, Som.' on thameful gibbets hauging; King 1 what mutters it to thee ? Eaah one died for Italy. Anon the phantom of the betrayed and broken-hearted Charles Albert crosses the scene with picturesque power — Mark yon phantom, tall and gloomy, Following my battalions now; What a brand of Krief it weareth On its stern and lofty brow ; King !jjt clasps thee, limb to limb. 'Tis Supcrga's hermit grim, Come to cleanse with blood the stain Of Novara's shame and pain. And Kit g Victor's charger feeling That strange burden on Us baclr. Shivers, snorts, brenka thro' the squadrons, Like uu arrow on its track; Where tho ranks most thickly gather, Whirling headlong son and father O'er the plain, in panic fear. As the Fiend were in his reir 1 Up, bold hearts ! the signal's given, For the brave 'tis dawn of day ; Aud the Rubicon's behind us— Dead and Irving ! to the fray ! Straightway the ghostly phalanx sweeps down upon the flesh-and-blood warriors. Each ghost mounts up behind a horseman, and goads him with two-fold energy to tho attack. As they drive madly onward, there comes a fine touch of pathos, put into the mouth of one of tho dead sons of re-enslavcd and suffering Venice: — U*o Bassi's mournful spirit Cries to each who passes near it— Weath a two-fold joke we UV, Give us two-fold liberty! While tbe Austrian opoiessor With his breath pollutes our sky. While God's word is used to sanction Traffic in man's infamy, From Cenis' Mont to -Etna's slope, Freedom is a baseless hope. Brother?, on ! tbe monarch spake— Italy is all awoke ! It will bo seen by the above quotations that Dall' Ongaro, like so many other Italian Ke publicaus, has laid down all party prejudice in this last struggle for nationality, and honestly accepts tho King of Piedmont for the cham pion of freedom, since better may not be. There is much that is good in a greusome episode in the latter part of the poem, in which a ghastly group of lour headless spectres urge on the flagging energies of ' the Gallic leader,' sitting still' and stem in his gorgeous stirrups, gazing after the on-rushing host; but we prefer to quote the pathetic closing lines, in which tho poet wakens from his phantom review to the real daylight view of things :— Borne !— and Italy 1 where arc ye? Whither are my champions did? 0 ye shapes of fivered longinu ! 0 proud visions of the dead 1 Fresher graves than these are matinp, More brave hearts lie round unwaking. Pope and King live throred in state— Italy exists nut yet ! In his 'Garibaldi,' Dall' Ongaro strikes into a rougher measure, as befits the hero of the strain, whom he lovingly portrays as follows : — He, when our first cry of wrath was awaking. The pillars of Hercules passed at a flight, lie heard the glad uproar of voices outbreaking, He saw that men's arms were yet weak for tbe fight. And cried, ' Bise undaunted, and tru t you to me.' Garibaldi— 'tis he ! Fair Lombard hills, which the sunshine caresses, What sheaves of brave hearts at his biddL-'g ye bare 1 Up rose old Rome, with the helm on her tresses. Full armed in the might of her heroes that wire. New Arnold, uetr Urnta3 to back up her plea. Garibaldi— 'Us he! Full of spirit, too, is the description of G.iribaldi'3 conquering course in the last cam paign :— Boused by his name, the old squadrons to greet him. Dashed first in rile o'er the Rubicon's flaw, Como, Varese, unarmed, rose to meet him. Oue to six thousand n arched on the tap, And whirled them like dust from the walls ho set free. Garibaldi — 'lis he! Fast Montebello, away to Magenta, His is the name that can scare the great host Even where he figtts not, his form in their centre Towers, a gigantic and awe-bringing ghost, Such as the best of them shudders to see. Garibaldi— 'tis he I Each monarch stares on his pale sceptred brother, Mute at the peril which threatens their plan. Hark ! they ask truce. They swear peace to each other. Both of them dread lest the will of one man Set Europe a-blazo again, friends tho' they be. Garibaldi— 'tis he ! Never will Austrian truces nor treaties. Drive her straight b ck to the Alps whence she came. Up, brave chief of Piedmont, aud cry to the cities, Tbe Tuscan, tho Lombard, ' Bend piecemeal for shame Tho treacherous terms of a shameful decree 1' Garibaldi— 'tis he ! In the last verse, however, comes out tho full bitterness of the republican's heart, trembling leat the faith of kings be found wanting : — Fostered too long, the blind people's reliance Fast wanes to a close and in darku' ss muat fall. For treachery tames ths proud squadrons' defiance. There is but one name— but one man of them all The healer of Italy's death-wound to be— Garibaldi— 'tis he ! 