HUNTING. KA.ivn.tuoo counaiffa To the Editor of Belts Life in Victoria Dear Bell,— Tho letter of ' Forostor' in tho |-,i number of your paner, gavo me a groat deal of nltoinr! and I'm sure that I'm not tho only ono of thoro who « often have been his companions in tho fiold, nfter Georm Watson's musical darlings, who would L'lidly ),.£ shared his 'kangarooingjiunt nt Schnapper Point ' ot who are willing to have a dash with him on a future « casion. His description of tho joys of tho chaso U in,t WMUb IHlgllb UD UA[lw.l«u liuill UHd WHO CVIUOIltlV ii 1 sportsman at heart, but who nt tho snmo limo ie fa careering after a flyinj doo, with his greyhounds I, also . lonjjing in hia heart that the summer smell of flowers woro exchnngod for tho scent o(» winter's morning, nnd tho lightning speed of his IWt dogs roplaced by the tunoful chorus of a somerti slower pack. However, as ho jastly says, 'fault r/. mitux,' why should wo not tuko advantage of tha' abundant gamo provided, and tho oxcellcnt galloni™ ground to bo had, and enjoy nt this timo of year mm, jovial day in tho forest glades, instead of stowinR our selves up into imbecilo inanity in town, or contcntinj ourselves with a namby-pamby cauter in tho St. Kildi park? What a preparation for man snd horse, before the actual bunting season commence?, would a couple of months' coursing be, nod what nn addition to oar numbers at tho covort-side might not bo gained by the gradual introduction to tho ojcclling risks of tha chass which the more easy gallop after kangnroo doji' in tho opon would afford to timid tyros ! What say you, merry Forester ? What say you, worthy master? What any you, all you who lovo tho Chel tenham trysts, and Dandenong hard rides? What my you, nervous townies, who have horses to cross, but rant practice to daro tho dangers of bush and fence? Whit say you who .have well-bred dogs, thnt you fancy are hotter than thoso of othor people's ? What say you, one and all, if a fortnightly Coursing meeting be got up, and small trophios bo given for the best ?' pullers' ad 'killers?' As a wind-up to tho jolly sport, we cm havo a champion cup for tho finish of tho present brief season, nndit will bo tho foundation of manr a happy timo in summers to come. Not alone tie attraction of novelty should insure a quick and cordial cooperation in this idea, but all who lovo sport must aeo its adriis bilityat a glanco, and wonder that it has never been mooted before. The kangaroo is a glorious game; tho kangaroo dog a far nobler animal than tho delicate grey hound used after hares ; and tho excitement of a rijj in the Australian bu3b, fur superior to tlio plain going on tho English down3; everything then is in favour of our adding ono more to tho'nationnl pastimes, in which we colonists aro now rivalling 'tho old folks at home.' Let us therofore establish a coursing club, draw up rules and plans, and go to work at ohco ; and all and aor who coincide with the writer, nro thereforo earnestly desired to send their nnnics and ideas, without delay, under 'caro of -0«/r« £»/«,' to NIMKOD'S GIIOST. 