IPSWICH. JUNE 1ST, 1860. Robinson,-I think it was he,-got a habit of thrusting his address into the hands of every acquaintance he made in his con- tinental tour, with a hope that " if ever he came to London" he would give him a call. As a consequence, his house was besieged by thousands every day for three, weeks be- fore the opening of the Great Exhibition. Warned by his example, I will not take upon myself to invite the whole population of Brisbane up to Ipswich next week, but 1 would merely suggest that as they have been favoured with a good deal of our com- pany of late, they ought to return the com- pliment, and try what sort of amusement we can cater for them. I need not attempt to express my pleasure at tho announcement in the Governor's speech, of a bill-to be submitted this session for the founding of a Grammar School and exhibitions. It is a clear and gratifying re- cognition of the necessity, first of doing something to elevate the description of in- struction which the young Queenslanders at present receive, secondly, of the feasibleness of that system of stimulus by reward, which I so strongly urged in my letter a few weeks ago. I am delighted to find that the go- vernment had anticipated the one sugges- tion, and that, in theory at least, they were prepared to look upon the other with a favourable eye. It is to be hoped the Assembly will evince equal judgment. Our legislators must not shrink from any difficulties, natural or supernatural. When they have "laid" the spirit of State-aid to Religion, then comes another in the form of education. I only hope the Legislature will "lay" to sleep this ghost also; and that as they wave their magic wand-what to my less gifted vision look like impregnable forti- fications, bristling with hostile spears, will dissolve, and like an " unsubstantial pageant faded, leave not a rack behind." I confidently expect, though I am at a loss to say why, a pamphlet, propounding a certain gentleman's scheme of education for Queensland, which he has hitherto kept in lavender. In the meanwhile, as I am_ ignorant of his views, I write under the im- pression that, if government is going to do anything, it will be difficult to frame a scheme which will meet the real wants of the colony. If the old plan is continued the public money will be not very economically ex- pended in supplying cheap instruction to people who, from many causes, will show a constant and thorough indifference to the boon. If no plan is adopted, members will appear to have forfeited their pledges ; and the immediate results will be such as to force the legislature next session to adopt some measure in a hurry. For most likely, if deprived of State support the schools at present receiving aid will languish. Now it has passed into a proverb here, that when a man cannot succeed at anything else, he opens a school, and Government schools have at present to compete with an innu- merable fry of schools which have origi- nated in a feeling of compassion for the teachers, who derive from them an inade- quate support in miserably low fees. Were the competition of Government schools withdrawn, all these would raise their terms ; and to supply the demands of the numerous class who practi- cally undervalue education, a still less efficient staff of teachers would arise. Supposing that this state of the market should induce competent teachers to enter into the field with steady aim, erect good schoolrooms, obtain the necessary apparatus, and give years to the work of their profes- sion, it it certain that at the beginning they must charge five times as much as the me- chanics, shepherds, and other classes whom the legislature has in view will be willing to pay. Possibly, in course of time, efficient private schools may arise within the means of every man ; but that kind of enterprise demands not only good teachers, but a con- siderable outlay of capital ; and long before we see such schools, Government will be called upon to act. Mr. Panton, had he been elected, was pre- pared to support denominational schools in populous places, and national schools where population is thin and scattered. Certainly in Brisbane and Ipswich, buildings which have cost money are already available for the former system ; and for most of the less populous places they would have to be built. It may also be true that in larger towns the members of each denomination arc numer- ous enough, if they would, to support a school of their own ; and that in bush towns they are too few for that. But if it be de- sirable to teach religious truth in govern- ment schools in populous places, it must be still more desirable in the interior, where all other religious advantages of youth are so sadly curtailed. Mr. Thorns's proposal to render it com- pulsory on parents to educate their children, though some may think it savours too much of that time when this territory acknowledged no other rule but the military, nevertheless evinces a clear insight into the greatest diffi- culty which besets the subject. Such a proposal would not bo listened to in England. But the cases are not similar. In England the working man is generally a poor man, and sorely tempted to undervalue his child's schooling in comparison with the shilling a week the lad might earn. Moreover, he is much under the influence of the clergy and the wealthy, who are ever drawing the children to school with one hand, while they administer benevolent assistance to the patents with the other. In Queensland the laborer is independent, can at least keep him- self and family alive, without keeping his chil- dren from school. If, therefore, he does not allow them to remain two or three years steadily at their books, tho cause is either ignorance of the importance of education, carelessness, or greed of gain. And he is generally too independent to care much for the advice or opinion of any one. There- forc, though in England compulsion would be both unnecessary and cruel, it would not be exactly either in Queensland. The ques- tion rather is, would it be possible. One fearful evil might be prevented by making it compulsory on tho owners of every sta- tion, conjointly with parents residing there, to provide for the secular and religious in- struction of all children born on the station, or brought there young, either by having a teacher on the station, or sending them for three years to scbool in a town. In many points of view, and particularly on the score of expense, it would be very de- lightful if we could all agree upon one uniform system throughout. But as in Now South Wales, so here, opinion on one point is pretty evenly divided. If either of the existing systems is adopted, nearly one-half of the colony will be in a state of antagonism to the Government schools. That education, properly so called, must be religious, is sim- ply an incontrovertible proposition. That the state could not supply the sons of its citizens with secular instruction to some extent, without imparting religious doctrine too, is an untenable assertion. That it would serve tho precise end to which the State interferes with education to do so, is a very rush conclusion. If religion is to form an element, and no wise man can say that it should not, in the rearing of tho youthful mind, then one thing is necessary and I might almost assert, one thing only, that no man should be allowed to teach who is not himself imbued with the christian spirit. If the Legislature can secure this point, they may adopt any known and much approved system, and be certain that it will prove both beneficial and popular. Mr. Macalister-I am obliged to give the name, and I wonder how they mean to get over that difficulty ; it won't do to speak of any member as the ''hon. member for Ipswich" for are they not all three honor- able members? The "hon for Fortitude Valley"-that is all right, and " the hon. for Drayton" may be distinguished from " the hon. for Toowoomba ;" but it will not do to say the "Woodend Member," which would be rapidly corrupted into the " wooden member," or " wooden head member," which would distress by reason of its exces- sive inapplicability; -Mr. Macalister then is bound by the terms in which he has ex- pressed his opinion of the existing systems to do his best to extend-but more particularly to improve, the system of pri- mary education. Those eloquent scribes and spouters who lately raised such a snarl about the way in which the Executive thought proper to deal with the Bonded Store and run-tendering memorials, may now bite their tongues and fingers. Why could they not let Red Tape alone to do its proper work of organizing Government ? 