try THE VOLUNTEER REVIEW IN HYDE PARK. THE talented London Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion thus racily describes this memorable spectacle The proprietors of Doctor Locock's pul monic wafers ought to be in a condition to contribute largely to next instalment of income tax after the brass trumpet blowing, wry-necked fife playing, and throat-stretching hurrahing of all sorts that have resounded throughout the bills of mortality to-day. For like reason so too ought all ear-doctors, considering the di urn ming the public tympanum has been subjected to a perfect tattoo and eternal rat-tail going on from day- break to sunset. And so likewise should Mr. Eisenberg and the corps of chiropodists, or cane-cutters, in consequence of the unprecedented perambulations of cockneys and country cousins all over metropolitan pave- ments, from one extremity of the capital to the other, to behold what the grandfather of the oldest inhabitant never beheld the like of the volunteers saluting V.R. and snub- bing L.N.B. The latter truth-loving individual must think that the veracious Renter is leaving him as that wily Teuton Israelite hoaxes so many millions of mankind all over Europe every day of his and their lives; for the Emperor never can believe the telegram describing to-day's gathering, even though the dispatch be previously read by Persigny, and professionally revised by the full-rigged French general officer on the ground. This has undoubtedly been a great day for England," and nearly all England seems to have flowed into London, from the man in the Eddystone Lighthouse to Mr. John Groat. The only thing to be regretted is that its significance wasn't doubled by the date being the 18th of June instead of the 23rd. Still, as the latter is the anniversary of Solferino, our august and affectionate annexing ally may deem the selection a touching tribute to the entente cordiale; and probably be will mark his sense of the compliment by sending over a few crosses and ribbons of the order of St. Helena to the British colonies of the spontaneous cohorts whose shouts to-day were as stimulating as ten years' application of unlimited Cayenne and all other sequences of a paternal government of universal votes and bayonets. The Queen is said to have been greatly affected by the inspiring spectacle. Well she might be. No man of woman born, much less a born woman herself, least of all the feminine sovereign of free men, could look upon it unmoved. It was a sight that embodied the sentiment of Burke touching Maria Theresa and the swords of her chivalrous Hungarians leaping from their scabbards al the voice of their King-Queen. True, our swords havn't leaped yet ; but they are on the point of so doing the moment we see which way the cat, meaning the tiger- monkey over the water, is going to jump. Perhaps he won't jump at all now; but will try to, do a little in the creep mousy line; purring on the domestic hearth, and confining his tortoiseshell tricks to the mess meeting of Cobden ; persuading the unadorned that Adam Smith was a jackass, and that the first principle of political economy is to buy in the dearest market and sell in the cheapest, and to pay a handsome bonus to get your goods taken for nothing in case your customer should be reluctant to accept Hiern gratuitously. The prime element in the day's doings, the weather, was everything that it ought to be and had the ghost of Murphy, the lucky almanack man, been the directing spirit of thermometer and barome- ter the atmosphere couldn't be more precisely to the purpose flowering and cool, no rain and little sun; putting umbrellas in all prudent hands, but driving the use of them out of the holders' heads. Not umbrellas in the Volunteers' hands, surely? , Mars and Bellona forbid ! No Eglington Tournament nonsense of that sort burlesqued the serious- ness of the occasion. It may not have appeared particularly warlike that some of the soldiery proceeded to the field in omnibusses; for those vehicles do not vividly recall the war-chariots of that strong-minded female, Boadicea, who dealt a heavy blow and great discomfiture on certain other invaders some time ago. But, on the whole, everything wove a genuine unmistakeable military aspect, and those who came to sneer remained to praise. There was nothing tawdry, gimcrack, or theatrical ; all was read! and to the purpose. Full 30,000 men marched up Constitution Hill, and then marched down again ; but, unlike the celebrated promenade of the French King's 30,000, the result has not been barren. The Hill at least, meaning the Constitution, is considerably better and if there is doubt on that head, let anybody ask what would be the reception at this minute of Peterloo Palmerston's" proposition concerning a Con- spiracy Bill, and the indictment of Simon Barnard for a hypothetical now fangled offence undreamt of by Blackstone? The men took two hours to march past the Queen, and their march was marvellous for precision and solidity, considering that a few months ago not one of them could make a step without putting his foot in it. At least one-third marched as well as English or German troops; the rest fully as well as French or Belgians, loosely, but in good time, and it was a drawback they had no music to keep time to, for the regimental bands didn't play the while, only the Queen's (Guards) at the royal stand. It is impossible to say which carried off the prize of popularity, so many had their special admirers for special reasons. One light cavalry corps, however, the Duke of Manchester's, [Mandeville once found favor with the Lancashire witches, though they couldn't make a Liverpool M P. of him] were the observed of all observers; red hunting shirts, rifle slung behind, top-boots, splendid cattle ; they would have done for a grand scale in the circle in Fra Diavolo on horseback, at Astley's. The Six Feet Corps also shone out superbly and must have filled those little French fiddlers and sounding, the Orpheonist, now over here to carnival at the Crystal- Palace next week, with amazement for they seemed veritable Titans, as if each could swallow a brace of frog-eaters at a gulp without straining. The Artillery Company, 1000 strong, figured equal to regular grenadiers of the line, and well maintained the repute of the Train Isaiah, so fit to do battle for their municipal privileges alike against Rupert's Cavaliers and the Ironsides of "Voll. Next, perhaps, should be piitliciihirix.cd the National Rifles, with the Dalco of Wellington, in his garter ribbon, at their head, and looking astoundingly like the paternal ferruginous F.M. But, alick, only looking like; and therein lies the mockery of the whole pageant; for. as well have painted toy soldiers' more legs and arms, however numerous, and however well drilled, to move like a Birmingham pipemaking machine or an Austrian brigade, if there be not brain; and where is flint? Echo answers no where. However, sufficient for the festive day is the gala general- ship thereof. Even Uncle Leopold, who his score some striking things of this sent in his time, is reported to have pronounced the performance excellent, and he has too much at stake in the fact to-indulge in simple military fiction even to^'pIcMse his niece, whom the i ruth done pleases, us lief Prime Minister can bear uncomfortable witness. Some awkward mishaps there certainly did take place, such as the unhorsing of General Peel, just as the Queen was starting; the fall occurring not far from the spot where his brother, Sir Robert, met his death from a similar cause this time ten years. Happily the accident was not serious, though the rumble was a heavy one the General being some sixteen stone weight, and about as agile as a sack of potatoes. Another not particularly imposing item was poor old antediluvian Combermere, holding his marshal's baton, perched like a mummy in the saddle, and finding it so difficult to keep there that his horse had to be led at a funeral pace by a groom in the royal livery. Nevertheless, though the spectre was not " imposing " in one sense, it was a down- right imposture in another. For anyone not knowing who he was not aware that his bushy whiskers and crispy moustache owed there get back to the same source as his copious wig, and seeing him frogged and braided and faced and braced, like a juvenile acrobat, would never imagine, and couldn't credit when told, that he is getting on for 100 years of age, having some time ago turned 90; so" that that other fossilized dandy, Lyndhurst, who also makes a daily two hours' Brunimclizcd toilette as if he were five-and-twenty, is a mere stripling beside him. Combermere was one of the most prominent figures of the day; but it had been in better taste were he conspicuous from his absence for though he has done a daring thing or two in his time, his history doesn't exactly abound in reminiscences desirable to be dwelt upon at so inspiring a moment as the present and that last black business of Dyce Sombre can never be white- washed. Conspicuous from his presence, and long before any other notability appeared, two full hours in advance of the Queen, was the Commander-in-Chief, the Duke of Cambridge, as fussy and bustling as on the day of the Wellington funeral galloping here, and dashing there, and curvetting about every- where like a demented capricorn. It was thought the advice he received after Inkermann, as to keeping himself cool and endeavouring to retain his wits about him, had the desired effect ; but it would seem not for his zeal still appears to outrun his discretion and it isn't comfortable to contemplate such exuberant commotion wore that contingency to arise against which to day's doings are a practical protest. In contrast to this the Prince of Wales was very self- possessed, though he had a good deal to try his youthful nerves, going through the eternal saluting with grace and effect, vivacity and equanimity, The whole day long. Like his father, he wore the Cressy died blue ribbon, and sat his steed perhaps quite as well as the Black Prince mayhap better, for there was no Rarey then to make a Bucephalus, that is a Cruiser, as docile as a Ducrow pony, whom nothing could frighten from his oats, not even a Regent-street tailor as a drum-major, thought that is" an apparition that would make any horse with the least humour laugh like a hyena, or like Mrs. Wilkins, in the Widdow Green-a much more cacchinatory creature. When her Majesty first came on the ground she didn't seem in very good humour. Something appeared to have discomfitted her. The dancing at the ball the night before may have fatigued her. Perhaps the Consort, having precipitated his two o'clock lunch for the first time in his life, was rather inconvenienced, and didn't mind showing it, as even royal husbands, particularly when turned forty, sometimes will Be this as it may the cloud soon passed off Britannia's brow, and radiant smiles and indications of deep and pleasurable emotion surcharged the monarchial visage to the close. She often turned to Leopold, wearing his-British field marshal attire, at her elbow in the carriage, as the men moved by, and evidently asked that knowing individual if he didn't think that were there to. be another Waterloo there would be another cry of mauve gui peat from the same quarter as before? What Uncle said there is no saying; but he certainly looked in a fashion that the nephew of a certain other uncle wouldn't much relish to sec ; ~ and if he did see it '' he would think of Antwerp and a few other places in a mode that might cause Leopold to think there of Claremont and his old lodgings in Pall-mall than he probably does at present. The Queen drove twice along the line; then the regiments moved past in lines of thirty ; then advanced in one long line of a mile and a half to pro sent arms and finally cheered uproariously, which indeed they did on all possible occasions all day long, and are probably doing ditto all night long too. When the whole body had filed off, Lord Alfred Paget, brown as a bottle of sparkling Burgundy, and nearly as effervescent, showed her Majesty a photograph of the panorama, taken by an artist at the top of the principal stand and though used to these pictorial coups de soliel, she expressed much surprise at its comprehensive fidelity and speedy execution. The only Ministers in the royal carriages were long Sydney Herbert and short Lord de Grey there in their official capacity to inspect the volunteers. The orders of admission from the latter functionary are said to have been forged in hundreds, and for sale at three guineas last night, How true this is remains to be seen ; but certainly scores of persons were within privileged space who had no business to be there and scores of scores who had business could not get in for love or money, both these appliances being made use of on a surprising scale. All this part of the affair was wretchedly managed ; the higgledy-piggledy bonus of Balaclava proving as usual the bed of misrule. The programmes were quite useless, it was so difficult to perceive distinctive shades of difference in the uniforms at a little distance. The plainest uniform was one that might have been expected to be most glaring,, considering the wearer's prominence in the movement-that of Lord Elcho; simple gray, without a particle of ornament. A distinguished figure in the front rank of the Trinity was the bearded cross-bearer of the Cardinal, namely-Bow- yer, and whose Knight of Malta vow of cool sea by and continent it is to be hoped isn't eternally binding; for it would be grievous that there should be no picturesque little B's to perpetuate the ancient and affluent British baronetcy of which he is the heir. Olio would give something to know what he thought of the Hibernian Brigade to-day as compared with the Paddy whack in Italian detachments to the Pope, and on which Lamoviciere's report is looked for with some curiosity. Perhaps Leopold's son, who was present to-day, the Count de Khindcis, a zealous ultramontane, may communicate his opinions to Rome, and considering who is his father, Mother Church ''may not turn a deaf ear to his filial admoni- tions. ON Saturday the Emperor Napoleon might be seen early in the morning walking in the garden, coming upon his walking stick-, and looking more decrepit than his age might justify. It is a theme for great gratitude that he is not a young man, and that, be his ambition what it may, he has no great time before him in which to work out his political adventures. On horseback or in his carriage, all men cou loss his in. his bearing, and no signs of decay mo manifest, but when he is walking, the spectator foresees that the greatest of men are mortal. Extract of a letter from the Rev. Mr Spurgeon, at Baden-Baden. 