e|THE UNCOMMERCIAL TRAVERSE '? The Police in Liverpool. 'I Is the sweet little -oherob^whcusita^^Üiii.g,,, 8, aloft and keep watch on the life of Poor Jack, commissioned to take charge of rMer-" I can tile Jack, as well as Jack of the>«atidn»l» her navy? If pot, who is? What is the cherubs i e about, and what are we all about, whenever . . _ t Mercantile Jack is havtog^hj^biainsiMOrtWni) i knocked out by pennyweights, aboard itM" brig Beelzebub, or the bark BowieAnife-wrf t when he looks his last at that infernal sufferers with the first officer's iron boot heel iii ML A' ' remaining eye, or with his dying body towed mt overboard in the ship's wake, while the cruel 1 as } wounds in it do the multitudinous seas as I incarnation?" <! i "ne'er, t Is it unreasonable to entertain a belief- ', that if, aboard the brig Beelzebub or the barque bowie-knife, the first officer did half J- * the damage to cotton that he does to race, C 'F ' there would presently arise from both sides *'. of the Atlantic so vociferous an invocation of the sweet little cherub who sits calendar I'"' , ting aloft, keeping watch on the market and I that pay that such vigilant cherub, * would,' "n ', with a winged sword, have that gallant 1, j' officer's organ of destructiveness out of Wales , head in the space of a flash of lightning t's "of ' If it be unreasonable, then am I the most " unreasonable of men, for I believe it with all my soul. ' " ! '" d r in This was my thought as I walked (Other ; ' dock quays at Liverpool, keeping watch, OH} t poor Mercantile Jack. Alas for me if I have any s long outgrown the state of sweet little j cherub ; but there I was, and there, Mercan ,, tile Jack was, and very busy he was, and, Dr, J very cold he was the snow yet lying in the,, I Frozen furrows of the land, and the north- of east winds snipping off the tops of the little , t waves in the Mersey, and rolling them into < ' L hailstones to pelt him with Mercantile i ) Jack was hard at it, in the hard weather, as - The mostly is in all weathers, poor Jack.' f> He was garded to ship's masts and funnels of steamers, like a forester to a great oaken i F scraping and painting ; he was lying outlook . yards, furling sails that tried to beat him) " 1 off; he was dimly discernible up in a world b of giant cobwebs, reefing and splicing; for a ! was faintly audible down in holds, sowing and unshipping cargo ; he was winding 1 round and round at capstans, melodious ' "r ' monotonous, and drunk; he was of a dray" '> 1 bolical aspect, with coaling for the Antis' is' a poles ; he was washing decks barefoot! with (it the breast of his red shirt open to the blast; -'_ though it was sharper than the knife in his '? leathern girdle ; he was looking over build" ' works, all eyes and hair ; he was standing ! by at the shoot of the Cunard steamer, off r to-morrow, as the stocks in trade of several " ? butchers, poulterers, and fishmongers, poured j down into the ice-house; be was con(tó*3.¿_ 5 aboard of other vessels, with his J^f%.1(Ri"' a tarpaulin bag, attended by plunderers to ? the very last moment of his shore-going , i existence. As though his senses when re- ,f 1 leased from the uproar of the elements were is under obligation to be confirmed by other , \- the most, there was a rattling of wheels, a , 1 clattering of hoofs, a clashing of iron, a jolt., \- ing of cotton and hides and casks and the. ber an incessant deafening disturbance, on 1 the quays, that was the very madness of ; sound. And as in the massif l*,hf1£í J swaying about, with his hair blown an 3 nor of wild ways, rather dazedly taking a leave of his plunderers, all the rigging in the docks was shrill in the wind, and every little steamer coming and going across the ' Mersey was sharp in its blowing off, and 1 every buoy in the river bobbed Spitefully 3 up and down, as if there were a general a taunting chorus of " Come along, Mercantile v Jack 1 Ill-lodged, ill-fed, ill-used, hocussed, ' ' entrapped, anticipated, cleaned out. Come along, Poor Mercantile Jack, and be tempests ' 5 tossed till you are drowned !" The uncommercial transaction which had J brought me and Jack together, was this ;-? 5 j I had entered the Liverpool police-force, that I might have a look at the various unlawful ' traps which are every night set for Jack. As my term of service in that distinguished ? ¡ corps were short, and my personal bias in | the capacity of one of its members has Deceased no suspicion will attach to my evidence that it is an admirable force. Besides' that it is composed, without favour, of the best men that can be picked it is directed by an unusual intelligence. Its organise ' tion against fires, I take to be much better 1 than the metropolitan system, and in all 1 respects it tempers its remarkable vigilance with a still more remarkable discretion. Jack had knocked off work in the docks some hours, and I had taken, for purposes of identification, a photograph like ness of a thief, in the portrait-room at our head police-office (on the whole, he seemed rather complimented by the proceeding and I had been on police, parade, and the small hand of the clock was moving on to ten, when I took up my ' lantern to follow Mr. Superintendent to the traps that were set for Jack. In Mr. Superintendent I saw, as anybody might, a tall, well-looking, well set-up man of the , soldierly bearing, with a cavalry air, a good chest, and a resolute but not by any means , ungentle face. He carried in his hand a plain black walking-stick of hard wood; and whenever and wherever, at any after-time of the night, he struck it on the pavement with a ringing sound, it instantly produced a , whistle out of the darkness, and a police- (' man. To this remarkable stick, I refer an \ air of mystery and magic, which pervaded the whole of my perquisition among the traps that were set for Jack. Wo began by diving into the obscurest sheets and lanes of the port. Suddenly, pausing in a flow of cheerful discourse before a dead wall, apparently some ten miles long, Mr. Superintendent, struck upon the ground, and the wall opened and shot out, with military salute of hand to temple, two,, policemen-not in the least surprised themselves not in the least surprising Mr. Su» ' porintendent. ,l " All right, Shaipeye ?" " All right, sir." , a "All right, Trampfoot?" . , ; " All right, sir." " Is Quickear there !" " Here am I, sir." " Come with us." " Yes, sir." So, Sharpoye went before, and Mr. Superintendent and I went next, and Tramp foot and Quicker marched as rear-guard. Sharpcye, I soon had occasion to remark, had a skilful and quite professional way of opening doors touched latches delicately as. if' they were keys of musical instruments opened every door he touched, as if he were perfectly confident that there was stolen e, property behind it-instantly insinuated himself, to prevent its being shut. Shai pye opened several doors of traps that were set for Jack, but Jack did not happen to be in any of them. They were all such miserable places that really, Jack, if I were you, I would give them a wider birth. In every trap, somebody was sitting over a fire, , waiting for Jack. Now, it was a crouching old women, like the picture of the Norwood Gipsy in the old sixpenny dream books; now, it was scamp of the male sex in a checked shirt and without a coat, reading a newspaper; now, it was a man crimp and a woman crimp, who always introduced them-, I selves as united in holy matrimony ; now, it was Jack's delight, his (un) lovely Nan; but they were all waiting for Jack, and were all frightfully ili>,t|iu<iiuted to see it. I . - ill l ' ii I ... 17 lil , Ullin "Who I have you got up-stairs hero ?' . Says Sharpeye, generally. (In the move-on tone!) - ? " Nobody, sure ; sure not a blessed soul !' (Irish feminine reply.) v "What do you mean by nobody ? Did' I hear a woman's step go up-stairs when my hand was on the latch ? "Ah! sure this you're right, sure, I forgot heel 'Tis only Betsy White, star . Ah !. you know Betsy, sure. Come down Betsy darlin', and say the gentleman." Generally, Betsy looks over the banister! {the steep staircase is in the room with a forcible expression in her protesting face, of an intention to compensate herself for the present trial by grinding Jack finer than usual when he does come. ' Generally Sharpeye turns to Mr. Superintendent, and Bays, as if the subjects of his remarks were wax-work : "One of the worst, sir, this house in This woman has been indicted three times This man's a regular bad one likewise. His real name is Pegg. Gives himself out a . ' Waterhouse." "Never had such a name as Pegg near me back, this, since I was in this house, but the good Lard I" says the woman. Generally, the man says nothing at all but' becomes exceedingly round- shouldered and pretends to read his paper with rapt attention. Generally, Sharpeye directs our: observation with a look to the prints and pictures that are invariably numerous 01 the walls. Always, Trampfoot and Quick ear-are taking notice on the doorstep. In default of Sharpeye being acquainted with the' exact individuality of any gentleman encountered, one of these two is sure to proclaim from the outer air, like a great spectre, that Jackson is not Jackson, by knows himself to be Fogle ; or that Candor is Walker's brother, against whom there was not sufficient evidence; or that the man who says he never was at sea since he was a boy came ashore from a voyage last Thursday or sails to-morrow morning. " And that is , a bad class of man, you see," says Mr Superintendent, when we got out into the dark again, and very difficult to deal with who, when he has made this place too hot to hold him, enters himself for a voyage as steward or cook, and is out of knowledge for months, and then turns up again worst than ever." When we had gone into many such houses and had come out (always leaving everybody relapsing into waiting for Jack), five started off to a singing house where Jack was ex. pected to muster strong. The vocalisation was taking place in a . long low room up-stairs; at one end, an orchestra of two performers, and a small platform-; across the room, a series of open pews for Jack, with an aisle down the mid die at the other end, a larger pew than the rest, entitled Snug, and reserved for mates and similar good company. About the room, some amazing coffee-coloured pictured varnished an inch deep, and some stuffed creatures in cases ; dotted among the au ""dience, in Snug and out of Snug, the " Pro fessionals;" among them, of course, the celebrated comic favourite Mr. Banjo Bones \- looking very hideous with his blackened face and limp sugar-loaf hat ; beside him, Bipping rum-and-wator, Mrs. Banjo Bones, in her natural colours-a little heightened. It was a Friday night, and Friday night was considered not a good night for Jack. At any rate, Jack did not show in very great force even here, though the house was one to which he much resorts, and where a good deal of money is taken. There was British Jack, a little maudlin and sleepy, rolling over his emptied glass, as if he were trying to. read his fortune at the bottom ; there was Loafing Jack of the Stars and Stripes, rather an unpromising customer, with his long nose, and cheek, high cheek-bones, and nothing soft about him but his cabbage leaf hat; there was Spanish Jack with curls of black hair, rings in his ears, and a knife not far from his hand, if you got into trouble with him there were Maltese Jack, and Jack of Sweden, and Jack the Finn, looming through the smoke of their pipes, and turning faces that looked as if they were carved out of dark wood, towards the "young lady dancing the hornpipe, who found the platform so exceedingly small for it that I had a nervous expectation of seeing her, in the backward steps, disappear through the window. Still, if all hands had been got together, they would not have more than half filled the room. Observe, however, said Mr. Licensed Victualler, the host that it was Friday night, and, besides, it was getting on for twelve, and Jack had gone aboard. A sharp and watchful man, Mr. Licensed Victualler the host with tight lips and a complete edition of Cocker's arithmetic in each eye. Attended to his business himself, he said. Always on the spot. When he heard of talent, trusted nobody's account of it, but went off by rail to see it. If true talent, engaged it. Pounds a week for talent - four pound - five pound. Banjo Bones was undoubted talent. Hear this instrument that was going to play it was real talent 1 In truth it was very good ; a kind of piano-accordion, played by a young girl of a delicate prettiness of face, figure, and" dress, that made the audience look coarser. She sang to the instrument, too ; first, a song about village bells, and how they chimed ; then a song about how I went to sea ; winding up with an imitation of the bagpipes, which Mercantile Jack seemed to understand much the best. A good girl, said Mr. Licensed Victualler. Kept herself select. Sat in Snug, not listen- ing to the blandishments of Mates. Lived with mother. Father dead. Once a free and well to do, but over speculated himself. On delicate inquiry as to salary paid for' item of talent under consideration, Mr. Victualler's pounds dropped suddenly to shillings- still it was a very comfortable thing for a young person like that, you know; she only went on, six times a night, and was only required to be there from six at night to twelve. What was more conclusive was Mr. Victualler's assurance that he " never allowed any language, and never suffered any disturbance." Sharpeye confirmed the statement, and the order that prevailed was the best proof of it that could have been cited. So I came to the conclusion that Poor Mercantile Jack might do (as I am afraid he does much worse than trust himself to Mr. Victualler, and pass his evenings here. But we have not yet looked Mr. Superin dent said Trampfoot, receiving us in the street again with military salute-for Dick Jack. True, Trampfoot. Bing the wonderful stick, rub the wonderful lantern, and cause the spirits of the stick and lantern to convey us to the Darkies. _ ! There was no disappointment in the matter of Dark Jack ; he was producible. Tire Gflnii' set us down in the little first-floor of a little public-house, and there, in stiflingly close atmosphere, where Dark Jack and Dick Jack's Delight, white unlovely Nan, sitting against the wall all round the room. More than that: Dark Jack's delight was the least unlovely Nan, both morally and plays early, that I saw that night. As a fiddle and tambourine band were sitting among the company, Qiiickcar stick gested why not shake up? "Ah lands!" soda negro sitting by the door, "gib the cobblers a darned. Tnk' yah parlers, job lem, for 'um QUAD-rill." with a lady and go back,hoppersitecomefor' and with a lady and go back, all four come for'ard and do what you can. (Aeiohoy!) BALloon say, and Lettie lemonade (Dat hair nigger by um fireplace 'hind a' time, shake it out o' yerselbs, gib 'of a breakdown). Now den! Hoy! Fours! Lemonade. Balloon say, and swing. Four ladies meets in 'the middle, Fourteen goes round sum ladies, four gents passes out under 'um ladies' arms, swing-and Lemonade till a moose can't play no more ! (Hoy, Hoy !") The male dancers were all blacks, and one was an unusually powerful man of six feet three or four. The sound of their flat feet on the floor was as unlike the sound of white feet as their faces were unlike white faces. They loved and helped, shuffled, double shuffled, double-double-shuffled, covered the buckle, and beat the time out, rarely, danc- ing with great show of teeth, and with a childish, good humoured enjoyment that was very prepossessing. They generally kept together, these poor fellows, said Mr. Superintendent, because they were at a disadvantage singly, and liable to slights in the neighboring streets. But, if I were Light Jack, I should be very slow to interfere oppressively with Dark Jack, for, whenever I have had to do with him I have found him a simple and gentle fellow. Bearing this in mind I asked his friendly permission to leave him restoration of beer, in wishing him good night, and thus it fell out that the last words I heard him say as I blundered down the worn stairs, were, "Jebblem's eith! Ladies drinks first !" The night was now well on into the morning, but, for miles and hours we explored a strange world, where nobody ever goes to bed, but everybody is eternally sitting up, waiting for Jack. This exploration was among a labyrinth of dismal courts and blind alleys, called Entries, kept in wonderful order by the police, and in much better order than by the corporation : the want of gaslight in the most dangerous and infamous of these places being quite unworthy of so spirited a town. I need describe but two or three of the houses in which Jack was waited for, as specimens of the rest. Many we attained by noisome passages so profoundly dark that we felt our way with our hands. Not one of the whole number we visited, was without its show of prints and ornamental crockery ; the quantity of the latter set forth on little shelves and in little cases, in otherwise wretched rooms, indicating that Mercantile Jack must have an extraordinary fondness for crockery, to necessitate so much of that bait in his traps. Among such garniture, in one front parlour in the dead of the night, four women were sitting by a fire. One of them had a male child in her arms. On a stool among them was a swarthy youth with a guitar, who had evidently stopped playing when our footsteps were heard. / Well! how do you do ?" says Mr. Superintendent, looking about him. ~- " Pretty well, sir, and hope you gentlemen are going to treat us ladies, now you have come to see us." Order there !" says Sharpoye. " None of that !" says Quickear. Trampfoot, outside, is heard to confide to himself, "Meggisson's lot this is. And a bad 'run !" " Well !" says Mr. Superintendent laying his hand on the shoulder of the swarthy youth, and who's this?" " Antonio, sir." A And what does he do here ?" " Come to give us a bit of music. No harm in that, I suppose?" " A young foreign sailor ?" "Yes. He's a Spaniard. You're a Spaniard want you, Antonio :" " Me Spanish." " And he don't know a word you say, not he not if you was to talk to him till doomsday. (Triumphantly as if it redounded to the credit of the house.) "Will he play something ?" "Oh, yes, if you like. Play something, Antonio. You ain't ashamed to play something are you?" The cracked guitar raises the feeblest ghost of a tune, and three of the women keep time to it with their heads, and the fourth with the child. If Antonio has brought any money in with him, I am afraid he will never take it out, and it even strikes me that his jacket and guitar may be in a bad way. But, the look of the young man and the tinkling of the instrument so change the place in a moment to a leaf out of Don Quixote, that I wonder where his mule is stabled, until he leaves off. I am bound to acknowledge (as it tends rather to my uncommercial confusion), that I occasioned a difficulty in this establishment by having taken the child in my arms. For, on my offering to restore it to a ferocious joker not stimulated by rum, who claimed to be its mother, that unnatural parent put her hands behind her, and declined to accept it; backing into the fire place, and very shrilly declaring, regardless of remonstrance from her friends, that she knowed it to be Law, that whoever took a child from its mother of his own will was bound to stick to it. The uncommercial sense of being in a rather ridiculous position with the poor little child beginning to be frightened, was relieved by my worthy friend and fellow constable, Trampfoot; who, laying hands on the article as if it were a Bottle, passed it on to the nearest woman, and bade her " take hold of that." As we came out, the Bottle was cassette the ferocious joker, and they all sat down as before, including Antonio and the guitar. It was clear that there was no such thing as a nightcap to this baby's head, and that even he never went to bed, but was always kept up-and would grow up, kept up waiting for Jack. Later still in the night, we came (by the court " where the man was murdered," and by the other court across the street, into which his body was dragged, to another parlour in another entry, where several people were sitting round a fire in just the same way. It was a dirty and offensive place, with some ragged clothes drying in it but there was a high shelf over the entrance door (to be out of the reach of marauding hands, possibly), with two large white loaves on it, and a great piece of Cheshire choose. " Well ! " says Mr. Superintendent, with a comprehensive look all round. " now do you do ?" " Not much to boast of, sir." From the curtseying woman of the house. " This is my good man, sir." " You are not registered as a common Lodging House !" " No, sir." *? Sharpeyo (in the Move-on tone) puts in the pertinent enquiry, " Then why ain't you ?" " Ain't got no one here, Mr. Sharpeyo," rejoins the woman and my good man together, " but our own family." " How many are you in family ?" The woman takes time to court, under pretence of coughing, and adds, as one scant of breath, " Seven, sir." But she has missed one, so Sharpeyo, who knows all about it, says : " Here a young man makes eight, who ain't of your family ?" " No, Mr. Sharpeyo, lies a weekly lodger." " What does he do for a living?" The young man here takes the reply upon himself, and shortly answers, " Ain't got a nothing to do," This was the landlord, in a Greek cap, and a dress half Greek and half English. As master of the ceremonies, he called all the figures, and occasionally addressed himself parenthetically-after this manner. When he was very loud I use capitals. " Now dear Hoy ! One. Right and left. (Put a steam on, gib 'um powder). LAdies' chail. Balloch say. Lemonade! Two I Annamese and go back (gib 'of a break- down, shake it out o' yerselbs, keep a movil). SwiNG corners, BALloon say, and Lemonade ! (Hoy 1) Three. Gent come for'ard The young man here is modestly brooding behind a damp apron pendant from a clothes- line. As I glance at him I become-but I don't know why vaguely reminded of Woolwich, Chatham, Portsmouth, and Dover. When we got out, my respected fellow constable, Sharpeye, addressing Mr. Superintendent, says : " You noticed that" young man, sir, in at Darby's ?" "Yes. What is he?" " Deserter, sir." Mr. Sharpeye further intimates that when we have done with his services, he will step back and take that young man. Which in course of time he does ; feeling at perfect ease about finding him, and knowing for a moral certainty that nobody in that region will be gone to bed. Later still in the night, we came to another parlour up a step or two from the street, which was very cleanly, neatly, even tastefully, kept, and in which set forth on a draped chest of drawers masking the stair- case, was such a profusion of ornamental crockery, that it would have furnished forth a handsome sale-booth at a fair. It backed up a stout old lady Hogarth drew her exact likeness more than once and a boy who was carefully writing a copy in a copy- book. " Well, ma'am, how do you do ? " Sweetly, she can assure the dear gentlemen, sweetly. Charmingly, charmingly. And overjoyed to see us. " Why, this is a strange time for this boy to be writing his copy. In the middle of the night 1 " " So it is, dear gentlemen, Heaven bless your welcome faces, and send ye prosperous, but he has been to the play with a young friend for his diversion, and he combines his improvement with entertainment by doing his school- writhing afterwards, God be good to ye 1 " The copy admonished human nature to subjugate the fire of every fierce desire. One might have thought it recommended stirring the fire, the old lady so approved it. There she sat, cosily' beaming at the copy- book and the boy and invoking showers of blessings on our heads, when we left her in the middle of the night, waiting for Jack. Later still in the night, we came to a nauseous room with an earth floor, into which the refuse scum of an alley trickled. The stench of this habitation was abominable; the seeming poverty of it diseased and dire. Yet here again was visitor or lodger a man sitting before the fire, like the rest of them elsewhere, and apparently not dis- tasteful to the mistress's niece, who was also before the fire. The mistress herself had the misfortune of being in jail. Three weird old women of transcendent ghastliness were at needlework at a table in this room. Says Tranipfoot to First Witch, "What are you reading ? " Says she, , Moneybags." "What are you making?" retorts Tramp- foot, a little off his balance. " Bags to hold your money," says the witch, shaking her head, and setting her teeth ; " you as has got it." She holds up a common cash bag, and on the table is a heap of such bags. Witch Two laughs at us, Witch Three scowls at us. Witch sisterhood all, stitch, stitch. First watch has a red circle round each eye. I fancy it like the beginning of a development of a perverted diabolical halo, and that when it spreads all round her head, she will die in the odour of devilry. Trampfoot wishes to be informed what First Witch has got behind the table, down by side of her, there? Witches Two and Three croak angrily, " Show him the child !" She drags out a skinny little arm from a brown dust heap on the ground. adjured not to disturb the child, she lets it drop again. Thus we find at last that there is one child in the world of Entries who goes to bed if this be bed. Mr. Superintendent asks how long are they going to work at those bags ? How long ? First Witch repeats. Going to have supper presently. See the cups and saucers, and the plates. Mr. Superintendent opines, it is rather late for supper, surely ? " Late ? Ay 1 But we has to 'earn our supper afore we eats it !" Both the other witches repeat this after First Witch, and take the Uncommercial measurement with their eyes, as for a charmed winding-sheet. Somogrim discourse ensues, referring to the mistress of the cave, who will be released from jail to-morrow. Witches pronounce Tranipfoot " right there," when he deems it a trying distance for the old lady to walk ; she shall be fetched by niece in a spring cart. As I took a parting look at First Witch in turning away, the red marks round her eyes seemed to have already grown larger, and she hungrily and thirstily looked out beyond me into the dark doorway, to see if Jack were there. For, Jack came even here, and the mistress had got into jail through including Jack. When I at last ended this night of travel and got to bed, I failed to keep my mind on comfortable thoughts of Seamen's Homes (not overdone with strictness), and improved dock regulations giving Jack greater benefit of fire and candle aboard ship, through my mind's wandering among the vermin I had seen. Afterwards the same vermin ran all over my sheep. Evermore, when on a breezy day I see Poor Mercantile Jack running into port with a fair wind under all sail, I shall think of the unsleeping host of devourers who never go to bed, and are always in their set traps waiting for himself the Year Hound. A writer of newspaper gossip says, we know not upon what authority, that George Elliot (Miss lu vans) has received for "The Mill on the Floss" in prompt, payment the sum of £2000, and that Mio is further to receive £1000 for the second edition, and £1000 more where the work reaches a fourth edition, with an extra bonus on its reproduction in a cheap form. A complete edition of Washington Irving's works is in preparation in America. The New York Historical Society recently commemorated his 77th birthday, when an oration on his life and genius was delivered by Mr. Cullen Bryant, followed by a short address from Mr. Everett. The circulation of the "Cornhill Magazine " is so large in America that a publisher, who is styled ''enterprising" in the American journals, meditates the exploit of reprinting it bodily, and issuing it for sale the day after the arrival of the English copies. Air Barrow, after a long slumber, is about to reappear as the author, or translator, of a work to be called " The Sleeping Bard ; or, Visions of the World, Death, and I Joli, translated from the Cninbrnn British of films Wynn's 'Iho in mind criticism on the works of the Royal Aeiidi'liiv, which has been for some years past written by Mr. Ruskin, and sold at the doors, is, this year, to be written by Mr. Thornbury. \- , 