CHURCH AT RUNNYMEDE. We have been requested to publish the following correspondence for the informa- tion of the subscribers to the Church now being built at Runnymede . Hobart Town, May 17th, 1860 REV. AND DEAR SIR,-I beg to inform you that I visited Runnymede last week, and was glad to see the pretty little edifice so far erected, but it gave me great pain to see no covering to preserve the walls against the ensuing winter, and you having charge of the Church, and having been informed some collections have been made, will you have the good- ness to render an account of what has been done, so as to enable me to satisfy those that took an interest at the time I called tho mooting some few years ago. ? I am &c.;, &c.;, THEOPHILUS QUESTED. Buckland, June 10 MY DEAR SIR - As regards the building at Brushy Plains, Mr Morrison has, I believe, taken it entirely into his own hands. I am happy to be able to inform you that I have lately received all needful sanction and authority for enabling me to leave occasionally on Sunday afternoons, for the purpose of holding service at Brushy Plains, as soon as there is any suitable room provided for the purpose. So I trust it may not be long before that place receives some regular ministra- tions I remain &c.;, CHARLES DOBSON Mr. Theophilus Quested A GHOST IN Lo\ E -A farmer who lind lately hitóme a widonci, «ni »roused at midnight by the load lurking of Ins do^ On gom¿ to it tho animal disphi) ed extremo terror, whereupon tim fu mci took hu gun, mid pro ceeded to mi mspcLti >n AH-it once lie vwu phantom, clothed m u white, alicct, rise behind the hedge '1 ha farmer tui »eil do idly palo, mid Ins limbs shook v,ith di-mny He, downer, currtuved to ejicutitp, " If jon come fiom Ood, .peak, if flinn the dc/il, vanish ''' "Wieteh," txelaimetl the pliant ni, "I im jour deceased nile, come from the ginvc to »am you not to mans. Maun. A-, to whom you aro malting love I ho only woman to snecLed me is Hen- rietta 11-. ilnrrj her, 01 persecution and cteuinl tonnent si|ill hp jour doom*' "Ins »tr-ingo nddrcd ftom the goblin, lasleid ol ilwmayii'tf the frrmci, ristoicd ms courage Ho iticotilmgly itiilictl to the ¿liostlt visitoi, mid, stiip,un,r oil the sheet, discovered thu fan ....«, au. ,|/(,.»,n UM 1-llU nllUUl, uf,cuvurcu CHU lilli* Heniiettu 11-heiself, looking extremely foolish. It is said that the farmer, adiniiing the girl's trick, has lind tim hanns published for his marriage with her.- Gates/icai cuter va: ' TITE TEGEGHAUJI OPI'IOE.-In accor- dance, with a suggestion uiadb some' limp since in this journal tho business of this dopartmont lins been removed from its farnier offices, Murray-street, to tho Slain Guard, Macquario-street, a chnu/u which will hu found of great convenieifo to the majority of those interested in telegraphic com- munication, und, moro particularly to t lioso engaged ¡ti matters connectai with the shipping [ of the port. SEBIOUS ACCIDENT TO A. B. JONES, ESQ.-Wo legret. to have to mention n serioin accident which occurred to A. 11. .Jones, E-q.,on Wednesday at Bridgewater. It appears that I Mr. .íones was standing behind a pony on which was mounted a little' hoy ; tho pony jibbed, and Mr. Jones struck it with a whip he lind in Ilia hand, when the viciuus ¡minmi kicked out bli hind legs, striking Mr. Jones it violent blow on the side, a|id fracturing two of his, ribs. This accident, v^c fear, will Incapacitate the siifÏJivr from attending lo his oflijinl duties for sime time to come. BBOADSIAESH STEEPLE CHASE. - This very interesting event comes off to day, and from tim excitement which it has caused, wc haye no doubt lint that ii liirgo »¿tauquea of sporting visitora will muster qn thp occisión. Tile following aro tho ontrios ;-Mr. S.' Blackwell'« b.g. Sepoy; Mr. V. W. Maulo's g.g, Logie O'Buchan ; Mr. F. Itóhorts' g.g. Horneo ; Mr. K. T. Allright's b.g. ltandall ; Air. T. B. Clarke's b.g. Forrester ; Mr. J\\. C. Bayley'» b.g, Conrad, . ' " Cnunon OP ENGLAND SYNOD.-The meeting of Synod on Wednesday closed, as it had opened, with a srciie, Mr, Macdowell ns sorted that tbo llisliop hud denounced tho Clergy in his speech at Lnuncoston, an Insult which His Ijurdship resontod by abruptly with drawing from tim chair and the Synod, Jlr. I Macdowell having been eaUod on to retract his offensive expressions did so, ami declared hin regret for bavins used thom. '('Iiesu facts' ¡À. H0,)flug op, tha Miimtoa l'end'ufc ' tho opening of th(j mciitinij 'j'eatdWhy, Ufó Lord«ll¡p cxpWssed himself sntnliod with tho npology nnd spoko' in terms ol tho highest compliment . of Mr. Mac dowell'* services to the Church, Thai mord c¡t; the pft'ens-'ami M nVonomenO' was10 then, ev pangeil fioni tho 'minute«, JWhg- thd after itaoii null cVcnlng the Synod was occupied chiefly with financial matters of little pdblio interest. ' '" ?, '".' 