t GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. j HàstT AccosiTioss.-A practico prevail« in connection with police proceedings which, ns t nu offensive remnant of conviction, ought tobo discontinued, or, at leist, which ought not to lu' resorted to without duo enro and caution. Wo nlludo to tho practico of npprcheiiding ' innocent persona on suspicion of the foul enmo of murder, of which two romnrknblo instances have recently occurred, fir^t, in tho Ca>c of Plummer nnd another mnn for tho ntrocious murder of the Ticlcners, and secondly in the eise ol the mun Loe, win was nppreliended ns the suipectcd murderer of a man who died sud- denly m n fit. Without ¡minigin; in any twnddie about the liberty of ihß subject, albeit the saino is n sacred tiling, wo may bo permitted to qutslion tho propriety of such unreflecting h.isto on tho part of tho polico ns has lo. n evinced in both these ciscs. In the Hist the viry conduct of Plummer, to say nothing of his pretious character, «as utterly at variance willi the notion of n murderer, mid in tho second eve that of Le.*, the polico might ns«o'l have apprehended tho doctor who was called in to the patient, as tho ni ni who cuii-idernte'y sprinkled his face nith water, ami evun in this c iso there w.13 nothing in the man's antecedents to w.urant any suspicion of foul piny, much les* of mu'dcr or man-lunghter. Wp can account for this hap-hazird procedure only by n'trihut mg lo the police that over zealous and olucimiä iihicrity which from time immemorial haï always chnrncteiiztd the constabulary of this colony. In former times when tho polico was very differently constituted to what it is now, -tho potty constables being all prisoners of the crown-ineiitorioas conduct in tho nppre. bennion of felons was usually rewarded with some indulgence, and it tuny hu supposed that no exertion was wanting to lea J to so gratify- ing a comunun.Uio . ; indeed instances have been k11 iw 1 whera persona had been falsely uccu'úl in order to obtain this end. Hut now n0 such exciting causo rxM«, and wo should conceive that the operations of the police ought ti be based on the mode of procotluro adopted hy the detectives nt home, who, wo tuust tay, net in the (lischnrgo ol'their duty in n very differ- ent manner to those of our oivn force. What- ever may ho the canio of this ultra zeil on the part of our constabulary it ought unquestion- ably to bo modified, for apart from tho injustice of imprisoning innocjnt persons, it is attende 1 with consequences tho very reverso of those con- templated by the nctjrs, ¡n the escape of tho really guilty pn ties. lu proof of this wo need only refer to tho dreadful murder of Alice Hughes, tho perpetrator of which is lo this day undiscovered, nnd Iho moro recent equally hoirib'e case of the Ticlcners, already alluded to, which, we Icar.w ¡11 cvjr 1 emain a mystery its to the comuiis<ioii of the fearful deed. Vigilanca and ze dons exertion on tho part of tho polico aro always coinmcnd-ible, and, indeed, essential in the duo discharge of duty, but these may be tarr.od too lur, or, ns in the cuses mentioned, may bo misdirected to tho utter faillira, of the end* of justice. lu connection with this subject wo have to notice the inis:hiev"tts tittle- tattle , nnd false reposls which invariably accompany nil cases of this description. The practico ia« stigma upon our community, and can only originate either in a very prurient imagina- tion, or in a depraved craving on tho part of the proiaulgntort for tim propagation of ill natured and, ' often, malicious rumors. _ Tho police, however, should net very ciuti rasly in re- ceiving theso statements, and still moro cauti- ously in acting upon them ; by doing so they would perform their duty with much less trouble to themselves, and moi e effectually as regarded tho ends of justice, uni the couvict'ion of tho ovil-doer. Pause ad urns or Pibe.-Somo time ago Mr. »aborts, the Solicitor, presented tho Cor- poration o-i)Cim|fof tho Liverpool Insurance Company, with .. p¡r0 jj,,^ wjlicl, wns intended lo awaken up the cm..,,,,, in CI)SC8 0f Br0( alui t0 cnusoannlarm oxtendin0 to tiI0 limits of tlio city. Tho object may ha (rU)di nna wonj,i bo useful, if properly directed, 11..1 under pro- per control, huta» th« business is now -.^naged, the Firo Cell is likely to become a verj un. pleasant nuisance. We do not know exaeti,, | how tho affair is arranged, hut it seems that any person who may l-iko an alarm of ilro to the u atcliliouiii in Bathurst.street, where the bell is hung, may have it set ringing without any further enquiry a J to tho existence or sito of the fire. This is obviously<wrong, and some instances have recently occurred in which the inhabitants have been needlessly nlurined by n tulse «hum of firs. The hist of these wai, on Tneiday night nbout eight o'clock, when much anxiety was cawed by the ringing of,the bell in i onsequenco of a chimney being on Aro at Mr. Mooro's, Nile Terrace. We have had too ninny fires of late, and if tho bell is to lie rung' when- ever a chimney ¡s on fire, tho citizens may ho k pt in a eonstaut state of alarm and tre- pidation. E'OApe AXD Cir-TüM!.-A Tick ct-of-lcavo holder named John Brown was tr'ed on Tuesday at tho Police office for absconding from his authorized place of residence, nnd sentenced to four months impiUomnent. Tho Bench, Messrs. Tarleton nnd Keiinorley, reminded tho prisoner that he had b3en frequently punished for lim same offence, which ho liad committed ap- parently with no object. The prisoner with grent nonchalance replied to this that he had I done so; ¡t was an old game of his; and ho would abscond again ¡I ho first chance ho had. He was as good ns his word, and yesterday ,n orning, by somo means or other, he contrived to eludo the vilignnco of Ins janitors nnd escaped from the Prisoners' Bni rocks, hut only for a time, as ho was shortly afterwards captured and agaiu lodged in " durance ï ¡le." Brickfields DEroT.-Wo gavo yesterday tho number of patients admitted into and dis- charged from the General Hospital duiing the months of January nnd February. The follow- ing aro tho nu nbors admitted into und dis- charged from tho Brickfields Depot during the tamo periods :-In January twenty-aevon weio admitted and nineteen discharged ; and in Fe- bruary oight weio admitted and eight dis- charge.'. One died during the month of Ifobruiry. There wero ninety-seven patients in tho Depot on tho 1st. instant. Hf.-._.- Ti. :-...!.t. .1-_l tl.l... Militabt.-It is with deep regret that we learn that Colonel Broughton, the Colonel Com- manding, has seen fit to placo Captain Rowdier, who is Commanding Officer of the 40th Hegt, in th's City, under arrest. It is alleged that Captain Bowdler neglected to report the death of Dr. Wines to Colonel Broughton. Tho matter has been referred to General Pratt who is expected here in n few days and we.thcicfore, give no expression ef opinion whatever upon this extraordinary occurronce. ItiriiE Cours.-A little work entitled " Drill and Itiflo instruction for the Corps of Rifle Volunteers" and published under the authority of the Sécrétai y of State for War, is on sale at Messrs. Walchï. It has already gone through four editions. The price is only one shilling and every member of the Rifle Corps should have a copy. It contains all the information necessary to ho known and the instruction is lO.tveyed in lissons which it is impossible to lrmilnderatnniL inisunnorstana. A Ghost Stobt.-For three weeks'or a month the family of Mr. Martin, Asliford- road, had been disturbed by mjsterious tingings of tho door bell, violent shaking ot the doors, and divers,other nntioyjnces, the perpetrators of n hick 110 vigilance could detect, nnd to which no clue could ho obtained. Tho family con- sisted of Mr. and Mrs. Martin, their son, and n young man of about 21), another son (an invalid) some year'younger, nnd ono femnlo servant. I The servant was ii staid, demure sort of person, not given to going out over much ; sho had no follón ers, had two years' character from her last place, mid was so much respected and trusted hy her mistress that in the summer, when the family went to tho seaside, she had solo charge of tho house, The family wero of regular habits, and kept eirly hours, and tho whole thing «as inexplicable. The effect, however, on the health of Mrs. Martin and her invnlid son began to be serious, and the aid of the polico was called in. Por Romo timo a policeman wnsnlmost constantly in the house, but although the dis- turbances did not take placo white he was there, he bad never left many minutes before the bells were »gain rung, and the dojrs again shaken us violently as ever. At length,! istSunday evening, Mr. Maloney placed Sergeant Featherstone and ii cordon of polico all round the house. The policemen on tho premises left about 9 o'clock. lu twenty minutes niter tho back door was shaken violently ; there was no ono within tho conlon, mid it wusnt once piovcd that the ghost was within the house. Tho police quietly jdepirted, and Featherstone, having instituted "Vu-b, found that the servant girl, uniera carnead, ,. . , ? , , , o,, |, . «?yen a religious character, had lung mr"T., '"eKs.--J.tbo perpetration of theso confessed her gadt, and »'., >BOmo ho,|tatljn, .rho visited her having come ni/-»"r the follows Í" fJT"s "I rcl"leT' it likely that «Wi of wold be made, she had invented those nor« ind pretended alarms from robbors in oider to »rêvent suspicion follinj. up011 ]lorBoIfi Foot. naries in the g»-den which had eoomod to con- i i 1 Ann her taks had been made, unobserved by I herself, ond'tho boldness, coolness, nnd dex tentj. wi h which »ho long deceived everybody wan coi tandy remarkable Her mutres«, indeed, up to tho very moment of the di"covcry was so convinced of her innocente ns to bo nlroost un nilling to test it. Tho girl, whoso mine is Harria King, was dismissed-it being doubtful whether any charge agnui4 bet- collu Ile en ttrtámed by the magistr itts-and her wigds pud io her rdntivei here mi con lition thaï abo nas at one sent home IS her pirelts, «ho, re hear are very respectiblL Inborn mg people at J uitordcn -Vaidstjne Join nil a iib Jlws it Pues IA-The Je it h Lhromd? snj s -"An occurrence litely took place it Mys'ovicr a frcnlici ton n of Prussian Polmd, winch Btrongly reminds us both of tho scene tnactc I at Bologna l8 months ago hy the Papal «¿mt« an 1 tho stirling incident narrated in XJuck 1'oin's Cabin, whon a fun ile si ive, pu . sued by her taskmosti r, in order that her child «bo ild not bo snatched from bei, ero sed n nur on the floitin^ ice JTIioleioilio in this eise « is it íchc s who, hiving become the mother of in illegitim ita clul I by a.Chitstinn h id the boj urnti nci«cd, and recited to hi in,' him up m hi rthgtou Suddenly the police appeared to take if fiom her hy force, in ordir tob injit up in thcChiistiinrthgo) A moit cvciting sctno nr w cn«ued 1 ho dupnirini ino ther, her infant in her nrni», ft d, but was hot'y pursue 1 by the poheo, hki i hare timed by a nu nber of dogs (,n, on she spe 1 town ds the Bus nu liontiei, bat her pursuers constantly gained upon htr Sholl id just t cached tin. hrml ot tue river that forms the bounhry between the two countries No fnendly budge spanned the stream, no bint pulkd from the slioro 1 ho tate of the du d seemed linavoid able ; the polico hid all but laid hands < n her. Bat no, her inlhnt wan not to bo snatched fio-.n her. With tho courage of despair she plunged into tho flood, and, holding with ono bind tho child aloft, sbo swain across the river and safety reached the oppo.itn bnik, where her puisuen dired not follow her. Now, tho iniquity of these proceedings cousMs, in the first place, ¡u the circumstance tim' ns the Clnistiaii fattier neither supported nor recognized tho child h« clearly had forfeited .ill paternal rights ; and, secondly, in tho ¡ijustico of tho Prussian law, «hieb, while it enids that in nil ca=o» of illegi- timacy the child is to bo brought up in the re- ligion of the mother, prescribes that in tho ensu of Jews the infant should bo brought up in the Christian religion whenever the father or mo- ther happens to he a Christian. We under- stand that, raised by this iniquity, n large nuinbor of Prussian congregation« have peti- tioned tho Government for the repeal of this unnatural 1 iw." Loan Cakniso and tub Nativr Pbikcbs. -You will not have failed to cb-.ervo that in ull his addresses to tho native princes Lord Canning tikes up n new, and very dignified, position. Thora is not n word of equality or alliance. Tho princes aro treated ns highly considered feudatories and oven tho Gwnlior prince ia prais 'd for his " loyalty" lo tho throne All wore presented in the same style, and nil apparently instructed to retiro walking back- wards, a picea of etiquette entirely novel in India-Lord Canning being the first viciroy ,nnd probably productive of moro effect than all tho rest of the ceremonial, presents included. One moro durbar is to bo held at Lahore, where tho Puttejaln Hajah, the mo3t faithful and upright friend tho British have yet found, will bo tlio lion of the day. As yet, this pro- gress has been undoubtedly a success. 'Iho presents, grants, jaghires, and allowances lavished have been frightfully expmsivo, repre- senting a capital of at least 413,000,000 sterling, but they have dono their « ork. Every prineo in tho north understands that there Is again ruler in India who c in rewird ns the old Emperors rewarded, double their wealth and dignity, as it were, by a word. Something of the theatrical seems essential to the character and popularity of an Asiatic ruler. It is said that Scindiahhas requested that his infantry may henceforward bo Europeans.-Letter from Calcutta. An American paper says-" How folks differ ! Wo chow tobacco, the Hindoo tnkcä to lime. The children of this country delight in candy, .too of. Africa in rock snlfc. A Frenchman S"1" bia length on fried frogs, while nu Esqui yli"i'c. 1r;lian thinks a stewed canillo tho climax of ii.unties., io d^¿Íffi¡^ff,2^1J»S î;°"'^ í S?' i-,-...!.," i .»«it«.«».,«» *ÍB wile «h liorsQ*, Biioeii. T»t"H1eowsl i"re of "um, ,m ^^^A^Z^^uX 