ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. Io the Editora q/- the Maitland Mercara. GENTLEMEN-In your issue of lost Saturday there is con- tained an abstract report of a leoturo, delivered by the Rev William M'lntyre, Presbyterian minister, iu West Maitland, ou thursday, 12th Instant, »hlch report makes a terrible on- slaught upon the Roman Catholic Church, of which I nm a olergyinau îiow, lu common fairness to the other side, per- mit. If you please, tobe inserted lu your valuable paper tho following ausner to that leoturo The report may not be a full one, yet there is enough to reveal the entire line of argument adopted by our redoubtable opponent, and abundance of gross misrepresentation and falsehood to warrant a reply, otherwise wo must bo contented to Ile uuder tho imputation of being .rerythlng or anything Mr M'lntyre chooses to call us I cannot givo thu reverend gentleman credit for sincerity when ho states, that ' his object was to disseminate truths which ho v alued deeply, and prized more than life Itself t* be- cause I cannot conceive how any man possessed of an ordinary share of loaming, could give utterance to such bad logic, so- phistry, and falsehood, and believe he waa speaking the truth lie began at Hinton by the great lie, and av oma! one, saying that the name of 1 athcr Somebody was unknown to him, although the same i other Somebody has been redding for nearly cloven years tn Last Maitland, and not fur from Pitnacree As the lawyers say, if a witnuss tell a Ho In out case, ho moy not bo relied upon in his evidence But to the question As to refusing us the nama Catholic, H is a matter of very little conse pjenco whether up ¿JODS qr not two hundred millions of Catholics throughout the world hold it, liavo held it from the beginning aim will hold It, dcsplta any tiling Mr M'Intv re may say to tlio contrary , und when ho cays the Apostles Creed to night, before lie goes to bed, let bim think It he be not telling n Ile when ho say a, ' I believe In the holy cathollo church I ventura to say, were hu to bo asked by some stranger, »here is the Catholic Church ' lain confldont ho would not poiut to the Prtc Church, but to St John's in the weat, or bt Joseph s in tho cast, or to the little church on the hill at Hulton-where 1 athcr Somebody oui. elates, thus true to his convictions, whatever ha might say at another time He talks about tho principies g1 nomenclature, dod bless the big word, and thinks the tunas Popery, Papist, Romanist are quite appropriate Oh, y es 1 Mr M'Intyro, every thing is appropriate that is abusive, contemptuous, suornful to your Catholic friends It puts me lu mind ot the witches' cauldron in Macboth : " Cool it (says the witch) with a baboon s blood, Then tho ahanu is firm and good Black spirits and white, ÍRcd spirits and grey, Mingle, minglo, mingle, You that minglo may He makes this serious charge against the Catholic Church, viz , " that the system of Rome la largely impregnated with heathen elements ' He says it would not be easy to prove this if tho Catholic Church derived her doctrine from the Scriptures, but she suppressed the Scriptures—buried them underground, I suppose—and corrupted tradition, and then became tainted with heathenism When he makes an assertion, nothing like making a bold one, yet it is one thing to assert, and another thing to prove This is certainly a wholesale mode of getting rid of the authority of tho church and tradition, but did it never strike him, in his rashness and presumption, that he was cutting tho ground from under him The promise of Christ to his Church, then, has failed, that he would be with her all days to tho end ot tho world- Matt XXViii, 20 if she made tradition, as he says, teach what she pleased-that is to say, controlled it, to suit her views, what was handed down In writing from aga to age, and that without any opposition-Is It not likewise very probable that she corrupted the Scriptures.' What prevented her from doing so, since they were In her hands for 1500 years ? This being the case, what guarantee has Mr M'lntyre that the Scripture Is the Word of God, mid how can he make an Act of Faith ? I wish him to solve that prob lorn On tho other hand, I maintain thut tho Church of Christ has not failed-that the same spirit of truth which taught the Scriptures teaches tho Church, and will ever continue to do till the end of time-that the Inspired writers were of tho Church that tradition Is the unwritten word, ami n part ol the rule of faith- and that the Church has a right to piopound and ev plain what is thu doctrine and precepts ol its Divino founder Christ, our Lord, says (Matt. \\\VI11 1.) JO) " doing, thcic toro, tench ye all mUioiiB baptizing them lu the uainuol the Father, and of tho Son und ot tho linly Ghost i tcaohlng thuin toobservoull things whatsoever 1 haveoomimimltd von, ami behold I um with you all days, nun to the consuinmutlou ol the world fhero Is uo command hero from our Saviour to dis scmlnntothu Scriptures, willoh were not yet lu existence, and to gut them translated A livingspenking authority Is appointed to teach lill nations Ibu Sorlptures could not be intended at the sole rulo of talth, becauso it was only at dlllercnt times they wore written, and to particular place«, or churches, or persons Hiero was no printing lu thosu duysi it was ex- tremely (lUuoult to obtain a copy, lind all to bo written out with thu hand Not till tho inl or 4th century was the Canon of tho Scrlpturo decided uiiou, and then the Catholic Church, Îulded by tho linly Spirit, declared »hat vveru tho Inspired looks. But Ml M Intyre) would have tho whole woild drowned lu damuablo Idolatry for «even qr eight hundred years, not having nny rulo of faith, the rending ol tlioborlp lures being ubollthud by tho Uoiimn Church It Is most falso to say thu Church deprived »ho lalthiul ol the Sorlptures Lut him state tho time when BIIO did so, mid tho oounoll that de- cided upon this step She permits and encourages tho mu of thuin, but not tho abuse -, tho will not ullow any one to Inter- pret them IIB he pleases, kuowing that " the unlearned and un- stable, are apt to wrest them to their own destruction ' - li Peter, 8,10 Our opponent seems to have a great dread of purgatory, but let me tell him that " he might go further and fare worse, as said Father 0 Leary to the Protestant bishop Tho doctrine of purgatory Is not, he says with his usual boldness to be found in tho Scriptures, and was wholly unknown to tho early church, and we must have borrowed it from the heathens, as there is something like it in Plato and Virgil I am tempted to exclaim, " (¿uim J*«« mdtperdeVi, prim dimmtat ' Now, I meet this argument by a direct denial, and I assert that tho doctrlne of purgatory, or of a middle state of souls suffering for time on account of their sins, as taught by the Catholic Church is quite conformable to Scripture, and that the doctrine was taught and held in the first ages of Christianity, and therefore not taken from the heathens. I refer In the first place to the Old Testa ment, Book of Machabees, chap. 12, as a holy record ¿1?' f times, vvlicrc wo read that Judas Machabeus sent to 3m JH. t 12,000 drachmas, that prayers should be offered lor tin mS those slain in battle-" for it Is," says the text" "W wholesome thought to prsy Tor tho dead that they may ¿ffi from their sins." Ibis passage evidently retostó a midE? since thero was no need to pray for thura if thoy bdlevMTC alter death thoir fat« was decided, for .dthor.lieavcn Sff The Jews, therefore, believed In n middle state.^JK,iff' Jews of the present day, Ask any Jew, and he will tell you he prays for the soul of his departed relative. Now 1 isvffl1 New Testament : We read in St.' Matthew,'chap.i 1TS« 1 sin against the Holy Ghost, that sin shall not be forgiven neither in this world nor tho next;-plainly showing that some sins are forgiven in the next life ; that cannot be in heaven, for nothing denied can enter there ; mid It cannot be In hell sinCe there is no remission; it must then mean a middle state or» purgatory. Again, St. Paul, 1st Cor,, clmp.3,ver«ol4 miZ -" And the lire ulmll try overy man's work of what sort ith If any man's work abide * . * hoshiillroofvéareira«} If any man'B work burn ho shall suffer loss, buUie himself fi bo saved, yet so as by fire." This text. It must be odmB 'refers to. tho next lile; there is no salvation la hell-no S nor Bullering in heaven ; this lire, theu, which vvorketustlvttEn must be In purgatory. And nothing can bo more confomiS to right reason than this Catholic doctrine oi Purni». The Soripturo says, .the "just man falls seven urns . day." If ho die in lils sinB, will ho go tolMit No; for tho Scripture says ho is Just. WUlhegotohtM«; No,; for nothing defiled can enter there. Where canEem then, but to a middle state, to be purged free ol those le«« » venial transgressions. I ask the rov. lecturer if he sala £ Apostles'. Creed, lu the morning beforo the lecture ? If in «w did he think when he came to those words, "Jesus Christ . . descended into hell." Was that, I ask him, the hell of the damned ? There was no need for him to go there, since "ut of hell there is no redemption." He must have gone to» middle state, to release tho holy souls Hint waited for the»! demption, for none could go to heaven before Christ Bhe till not assert, surely, that tho Roman Church has corrupted this venerable piece of tradition. He has had tho hardihood to de clare that the dootrine of n middle state, or purgatory mi wholly unknown in tho first ages of Christianity and did not become an article of faith until tho sixth centory Now, supposlng it to be the case that the Church ónli in the sixth century decided upon it being an article ot faith' is not the sixth century very early, and (ho doctrine must hin prevailed during tho previous ages to Justify her lu malta« li an article of faith ; so, according to his ownshoiving, the eirli Christians must have believed in Purgatory; Hut I deny ti« statement, in regard to tho sixth century; and I assert It vu decreed as nu article of faith so fur back as tho third centarr in the second Council of Carthage-the sarao was decided ODOD by tho Council of Chalons 070, Council of Worms 839, and lut by the Council of Trent. 80 much for the veracity of the rev rend gentleman. Now, all tradition could not possibly be M gagged ns to combine in a common falsehood, Surely he «ill ' respect tho testimony of the Fathers, those venerablo witneaa ; of tho primitive church, as much as he respects Plato ud j Virgil, who were heathens; and I think they should have ti much weight and lmportaueo with him as the Engliab ¡mil. lera. Wiley and Pocock, Let us hear what that glorious light of tho Eastern church says in respect to Purgatory, St John Chrysostom, who flourished within 300 years of the apostolic times. - He thus writes: " It was not without good nuns ordained by the Apostles, that mention should be made of the dead In the tremendous mysteries, because they knew well Um these would receive great benefit from it." Tertulliin, K¿ lived in tlie second century, writes, speaking of apionj widow She prays for the soul of lier husband, and begs refreshnat I for him. And St. Augustine, that great gcnius, as well as nea ' holy man, who flourished in the fifth Century, says, In OMO( ? his sermons, "Through tho prayers and sacrijiixsol Hie clmrdj I and alms deals. God deals more mercifully with the departed than their siiis deserve." Why lils own Calvin, the very foun- der of his sect, in his Instit. L. 111., e. 0. says, that the rali I or nil the Just arc retained In Abraham s bosom until the di» ti Judgment Calvin then believed in a middle state I tin well ho docs not like tho holy 1> others or bishops Buttha docs he make of that passage of St lau! la tile Acts\X.n. lake heed to yourselves, and to tho whole nock, wherein ti« Holy Ghost hath placed von bishop to rule tboCborcbof God which ho hath purchased willi lils onn blood ¡Sait the question I think I have demonstrated that the doctrine of Purgatory is contained in tho Scriptures that it has been taught hy the Church In every age and consequently derived from Christ and the Apostles and not from heathenism He is very wonderful in his discoveries He and» motto similitude between the licathon worship and ours with raped to images or the mt iwruttt oj Chi ist and hu saints ntidTn retain Still lie is not, so rash iii his assertions on tills inblid as wo might expect \\\ lth considerable callion ueremirki he will not insist upon Die worship of images being cntelnd. How could hu with the Council of Trent In his handi, which declares wo aro to respect the memorials of Christ ml bli saints-not because wo believe nny Divinity or virtetreU« in them but because of those whom they represent Hi rashly maintains that to uso Images In worship Is to wonblp them ho will recognise, no inferior mid relative honor utan relate to Christ and his saints, and aro memorials of then, bt cannot distinguish between that and the Supreme wonblp latría paid to God alono It surprises me to sec a min »to builds so much upon tho Scriptures so little acquainted »iS them I ot him turn up I xod. WV 10 where God CM» mauds the Ark to bo made willoh contained the table of ti« lnvvs and two golden pots of manna and dod ordered tobe placed on it two clierublms of beaten gold-the lmiga tf angels and those who revered the Ark were remnH and those who profaned It wera punished He rsl read In fosne VII 6 how Josue prostrated befen the Ark or the Covenant until the evening Arila, look up Numbers \\\I 8 !* where God commands the muni of a brazen serpent for the healing of those who were bit bj the fiery serpents and this was an emblem of C1 rist on ti* crow as we read in St lohn III II li Hld our Butlern rebuke the woman »ho with reverence touched the bra of lils garment saying If I only touch the hem of his (anneal I shall be made whole? AVcrc those guilty of I loUtry wbfc re- specting and levering the aprons and handkerchiefs «bleb m touched the body of the Apostle, brought them unto thesitktiii they might bo cured by them? Now, docs ho undentabdtbt nature of that Inferior and relativo honor which Cstl olia pt; to tho memorials of Christ and lils Saints According to bli argument lie was guilty of idolatry on last irldar.wheakt kissed the Bible on taking his oath since the print and otp* only represent tho \A ord of God ic tho means by which Ali conveyed to us-mid when ho solemnly assists at the Lorn I Supper which ho only looks upon us a memorial of Christ Ila argument drawn from the second Commandment prorate« much lorlt ho ¡itoalidebythatreasoninglcfhouUfnotatrj j any ot thocurreutcoln which has mi linage of the Queen, OTU; other graven thing he cannot, conscientious!) subscribe for ibi erection of n statue to tho memory of the I striotio Wallu. Ibis uri umetit then proves too much and therefore mot go for nothing the commandment oannot mian we ore not to make any graven thing but only we are not to makethemH worship them which Is quite a different thing Al toll» practice of the early ohnrch, lortullian second century ntl Christ was represented on the Chalice* in the character of tit Good Shepherd Lusobiua, tlio 1 athcr of LI urcb History uti he had seen a miraculous Imago of our Saviour In brass, si Chrysostotn, in fourth ocntury expressly pays the Iron ni placed on tho Altars of tho Churches Surely I have nil cnoujito convince nny rational being that the o/morani rclatiie honoi we pay to the nu mor als of Christ uud IlieSilatt, Is in perfeet conformity tv Uli the hcrl) ture and the arl) Church and not borrowed from heathenism as Mr M Intyre labours to moko out Howcv cr it must be borne In mind tux memorials form no essential part of the Catholic religion. Tho gravo charge then, mude against us vii that roper/ or tho Itoman Catholic. Church was largely imprcjpiated titi heathenism I have pnn ed abundantly 1 consider IroraSoip turc and tradition to bo false If ho can find no betteritaasi than what ho has given to destroy Hie LsthoUo Churcb It would be as well fir Min to dispense with his beatben tiwi! tudes, which might he made to tell against nil truth. Ubirr» ment Is simply absurd ho might as well rcosou that tU heathens believed a mountain was not a molo heap diywu not night-therefore becauso the entire world beUera lint sell evident truths it is largely impregnate I with the «fenenti of heathenism Has this Ijnia fitum (II iff-o the liTi», ti» new light novcr fallen upon the consideration that the noa« mind lu its wanderings having departed from the train, hu still retained somo remnants orita original knowledge*? Dio» novcr read that It Is most probable theso licatheu natloni uti gathered their notions of a mtddlu state mid many oilba] i radices from the lows at the times of their dliperiion, aal from the Christians when they were scattered far and wwe it the disruption of tho Ilomnn Empire ? Boes he not knowla" Catholicity penetrated to tho heart of China JOO yean «o that the Cathollo Christians were most numeroui there-JMi they were persecuted and destroyed ai d that some C«a»u Ideas and practices still remain thcro t Hut none so blind v those who will not see I would despair ever being able» bring conviction to the mind of Mr, M intyre so deeplr.ro*« Is his hatred and hostility to the Catholic Church i bat I w»» earnestly adv i*o him to ponder well those vi ords of opx ima» I ord And ir ho will not hoar tho church let hlmM» thee as tho heathen and tho publican JOHN KENN*, Catholic CUrCto»» Kast Maitland, 18tli April, 1880. I [Wo reluctantly publish the above-on tho ground tot«» lint that tile Catholics should have one reply to th« IMWMJ published in qur columns. Wo oanuot, however, putmv> W further correspondence ou tho religious control «iii-»"IJ".'« Ifev. Mr. M'lutyro tliluks It necessary to reply orliW to M new matter Introduced by tho Rev. Mr, Jêcnny,-Lns. JMt| 