THE GHOST IN MASTER BYROCK. (FROM ALL. THE YEAR RODDA,) It being now my turn, I " took the word," as the French say and went on. "V bon established myself in the triangular ferret, which had pained so distinguished a repeals lion, my thoughts naturally turned to Master B. My speculations about him were uneasy ii el manifold. Whether his christian name was Benjamin, Bissextile (from his having been born in leap year), Bartholomew, or Bill. Whether the initial letter belonged to his family name, and that was Baxter, Black, Brown, Barker, Buggins, Baker, or Bird. Whether he was a foundling, and had been baptized B. Whether he was a lion-hearted boy, and B. was short for Briton, or for Bull. Whether he could possibly have been kith and kin to an illustrious lady who brightened my own childhood, and had come of the blood of the brilliant Mother Bench With these profitless meditations I tormented myself much. I also carried the mysterious letter into the appearance of and pursuits of the de ceased, wondering whether he dressed in blue, were boots (he. couldn't have been bald), was a ey of brains, liked books, was good at bowling, 1 r any skill as a boxer, over in his buoyant 1 boyhood bathed from a bathing machine at Bognor, Bangor, Bournemouth, Brighton, or TroadRtairs, like a bounding billiard-ball ? So, from the first, I was haunted by the letter B. It was not long before! remarked that I never, by any hazard, had a dream of Master B., or of anything belonging to him. But, the instant I awoke from sleep, at whatever hour of the night, my thoughts took him up, and roamed away, trying to attach his initial letter to something that would fit it and keep it quiet. For six nights, I had been worried thus in Master. B.'s room, wheat began to perceive that things were going wrong. The first appearance that presented itself was early in the morning, when it was but just daylight and no more. I was standing shaving at my glass, when I suddenly discovered, to my consternation and amazement, that I was shaving not myself I am fifty-but a boy. Apparently Master B. ! I trembled and looked over my shoulder ; nothing there. I looked again in the glass, and distinctly saw the features and expression of a boy, who was shaving, not to get rid of a beard, but to got one. Extremely troubled in my mind, I took a few turns in the room, and went back to the looking-glass, resolved to steady my hand, and complete the operation in which I had been disturbed. Opening my eyes, which I had shut while recovering my firmness, I now met in the class, looking straight at me, the eyes of a young man of four or five and twenty. Terrified by this r w ghost, I closed my eyes, and made a strong effort to recover myself. Opening them again, I mw, shaving his cheek in the glass, my father, who has long been dead. Nay, I even saw my grandfather too, whom I never did see in my life. Although naturally much affected by these remarkable visitations, I determined to keep my secret until the time agreed upon for the present funeral disclosure. Agitated by a multitude of curious thoughts, I retired to my room that right, prepared to encounter some new expe i fence of a spectral character. Nor was my pre ] in ation needless, for, waking from an uneasy sleep at exactly 2 o'clock in the morning, what were my feelings to find that I was sharing my led with the skeleton of Master B. I sprang up, and the skeleton sprang up also. I then heard a plaintive voice, saying, " Where am I! What is become of me?" and, looking hard in that direction, perceived the ghost of jUnstor B. The young spectre was dressed in an obsolete fashion : or rather, was not so much dressed as put into a case of inferior pepper-and-salt cloth, is made horrible by means of shining buttons. I II served that these buttons went in a double now over each shoulder of the young ghost, and appeared to descend his back. Howoroafrill round his neck. His right hand (which I distinctly noticed to be inky) was laid upon his to mach connecting this action with some feeble j pimples on his countenance, and his general air of nausea, I concluded this ghost to be the ghost if a boy who had habitually taken a great deal too much medicine. " Where am I ?" said the little spectre, in a pathetic voice. "And why was I born in the Calomel days, And why did I have all that Calomel given me ?" . I replied, with sincere earnestness, that upon my soul I couldn't tell him. " Where is my little sister ?" said the ghost, " and where my angelic little wife, and where is the boy I went to school with?" I entreated the phantom to be comforted, and, above all things, to take heart respecting the loss of the boy he went to school with. I repre i cried to him that probably that boy never did within human experience, come out well, when discovered. I urged that I myself had, in later life, turned up several boys whom I went to school with, and none of them had at all an ivered. I expressed by humble belief that that 1 ty never did answer. I represented that he was in mythic character, a delusion, and a snare. I recounted how, the last time I found him, I found him at a dinner party behind a wall of white cravat, with an inconclusive opinion on a very possible subject, and a power of silent 1 boredom absolutely Titanic. I related how, on the strength of our having been together at " Old Doylnnce's," he had asked himself to break of not with me (a social offence of the largest mag- nitude): how, fanning my weak embers of belief in Doylanco's boys, I had let him in and how he had proved to be a fearful wanderer about the earth, pursuing the race of Adam with nex 1 licable notions concerning the currency, and v with a proposition that the Bank of England should, on pain of being abolished, instantly strike off and circulate God knows how many thousand millions of ten-and-sixpenny notes. The ghost heard me in silence, and with a fixed stare. "Barber!" it apostrophised me when I had finished. " Barber ?" I repeated- for I am not of that I rofession. "Condemned," said the ghost, to shave a constant changes of nimlniTinT-«««. - -- _.-"" «. vmwiiiwo-uuw, sickness, is a owing man- now, thyself as thou art now, thy of other-now, thy grandfather ; condemned, too, To He down with a skeleton every night, and to rise with it every morning-" I shuddered on hearing this dismal announce a cut. " Barber, pursue me !" I find felt, even before the words were uttered, that I was under a spell to pursue the 1 hansom. I immediately did so, and was in Master B.'s room no longer. Most people know what long and fatiguing right journeys had been forced upon the witches v< he used to confess, and who, no doubt, told the exact truth, particularly as they were always insisted with lending questions, and the torture was always ready. I asseverated that, during my e occupation of Master B.'s room, I was taken by the ghost that haunted it on expeditions fully as long and wild as any of those. Assuredly, I was presented to no shabby old man with a goat's horns and tail (something between Pan and an old clothes man), holding conventional exceptions, as stupid as those of real life, and less decent; but I came upon other things which appeared to me to have more meaning. Confident that I speak the truth and shall be believed, I declare without hesitation that I fol- le wed the ghost, in-the first instance, on a broom h tick, and afterwards on a rocking-horse. The very smell of the animal's paint, especially when I brought it out by making him warm, I am ready to swear to. -I followed the ghost afterwards in a hackney-coach-an institution with the peculiar smell or which the present genera- tion is unacquainted, but to which I am again ready to swear as a combination of stable, dog with the mange, and very old bellows. (In this I appeal to previous generations to confirm or refute me.) I pursued the phantom, on a head- less donkey-at least, upon a donkey who was so interested in the state of his stomach that his head was always down there, investigating it; on ponies, expressly born to kick up behind on roundabouts and swings, from fairs; in the first cab-another forgotten institution where the, fare regularly got into bed, and was tucked up with the driver. Not to trouble you with a detailed account of all my travels in pursuit of the ghost of Master B., which were longer and more wonderful than those of Sindbad the Sailor. I will confine myself to one experience from which you may judge of many. I was marvellously changed. I was myself, yet not myself. I was conscious of something within me, which has been the same all through my life, and which I have always recognized under all its phases and varieties as never alter- ing, and yet I was not the who had gone to live! in Master B.'s room. I had the smoothest of faces and the shortest of legs, and I had taken another creature like myself, also with the smoothest of faces and the shortest of legs, behind a door, and was confiding to him a proposition of the most astounding nature. This proposition was, that we should have a, Seraglio. The other creature absented warmly. He had no notion of respectability, neither had I. It was the custom of the East, it was the way of the good Caliph Haroun Alraschid let me have the corrupted name again for once, it is so scented with sweet memories I), the usage was highly laudable, and most worthy of imitation. " Oh, yes ! let us," said the other creature, with a jump, 7, have a seraglio." It was not because we entertained the faintest doubts of the meritorious character of the Oriental establishment we proposed to import u at we perceived it must be kept a secret from his Griffin. It was because we knew Miss (j rifles to be bereft of human sympathies, and incapable of appreciating the greatness of the river. Uiucuii. Mystery ianpenutiaUy sounded from Miss Griffin then, let us entrust it to Mrs Bu'e. «' We were 10 in Miss Griffin's establishment by Hampstead Ponds-eight ladies and two gentlemen. Miss Rule, whom I judge to have attained the ripe, age of eight or nine, took the lead in' society., I opened the subject to her in the course of the day, and proposed that she should become the favourite. Miss Rule, after struggling with the diffidence so natural to, and charming in, her adorable sex, e expressed herself as flattered by the idea, but wished to know how it was proposed to provide : or Miss Pinson? Miss Bulo-who was under a good to have vowed towards that young lady a] i friendship, halves, and no secrets, until death, in the Church Service and Lessons complete in two volumes, with case and lock-Miss Rule said he could not, as the friend of Pipson, disguise from herself, or me, that Pipson was not one of the common. / Now, Miss Pipson, having curly light hair and blue eyes (which was my idea of anything mortal and feminine that was called fair), I promptly i replied that I regarded Miss Pipson in the light of a fair Circassian. "And," what then?" Miss Bulo pensively r s ked. I replied that she must be inveigled by a mere 1 ant, brought to me veiled, and purchased as a ii i, ve, ' [The other creature had already fallen into i lo second male place in the state, and was set a part for Grand Vizier. He afterwards, resisted' I his disposal of events, but had his hair pulled until he yielded.] " Shall I not be jealous ?" Miss Rule inquired, casting down her eyes. " Zbbeide, no I" I replied: "you will ever be the favourite sultana ; the first place in my heart, and on my throne, will be ever yours." Miss Rule, upon that assurance, consented to propound the idea to her seven beautiful companions, It occurring to me, in the course of the same day, that we knew we could trust a grinning and good-natured soul called Tabby, who was the serving drudge of the house, and had no more figure than one of the beds, and upon as those face there was always more or less black-' lead, I slipped into MissBule's hand after sup j ear, a little note to that effect : dwelling on the I lockhead as being in a manner deposited by the finger of Providence, pointing Tabby out for Mansour the nololii-ntnA "life? of 4.1 VIII. - JUIDIUIU, unit occurance comet or. 1110 DISCUS Of the harem. There were difficulties in the formation of the desired institution as there are in all combina- tions. The other creature showed himself of a low character, and, when defeated in aspiring to the throne, pretended to have conscientious scruples about prostrating himself before the Caliph; wouldn't call him Commander of the Faithful ; spoke of him slightingly and bacon instantly as a moro"cliapj"siiid he, the other creature " wouldn't play" - play ! - and was otherwise coarse and offensive. This meanness of disposition was, however, put down by the general indignation of a united seraglio, and I became blessed in the smiles of eight of the fairest of the daughters of men. The smiles could only be bestowed when Miss Griffin was looking another way, and only then in a very wary manner, for there was a legend ; moting the followers of the Prophet that she saw with a little round ornament in the middle of the pattern on the back of her shawl. But, every day after dinner, for an hour, we were all together, and then the Favourite, and the rest of the Royal Hareem, competed who should most beguile the leisure of the Serene Haroun ro poting from the cares of state-which were generally, as in most affairs of state, of an arithmetical character, the Commander of the Faithful being a fearful boggier at a sum. On these occasions, the devoted Mesrour, chief of the blacks of the harem, was always in attendance (Miss Griffin usually ringing for that officer, at the same time, with great vehe- mence), but never acquitted himself in a manner worthy of his historical reputation. In the first place, his bringing a broom into the lives of the Caliph, even when Haroun wore on his shoulders the red robe of anger (Miss I'ipson's peliEso), though it might be got over for the moment, was never to be quite satisfactorily accounted for In the second place, his breaking out into grinning exclamations of "Lork you Trotties I" was neither Eastern nor respectful, in the third place, when specially instructed to say " Bismillah he always said " Hallelujah !" This officer, unlike his class, was too good humoured altogether, kept his mouth open far too wide, expressed approbation to an incongruous extent, and even once-it was on the occasion of the purchase of the fair Circassian for five hundred thousand purses of gold, and cheap, too- embraced the Slave, the Favourite, and the Caliph, all round. (Parenthetically let me say God bless Mesrour, and may there have been sons and daughters on that tender bosom, softening many a hard day since !) Miss Gi coffin was a model of propriety, and I am at a loss to imagine what the feelings of the virtuous woman would have been if she had known, when she paraded us down the Hampstead-road two and two, that she was walking with a stately step at the head of Polygamy and Mahomedanism. I believe that a mysterious and terrible joy with which the contemplation of Miss Griffin, in this unconscious state, inspired us, and a grim sense prevalent among us that there was a dreadful power in our knowledge of what Miss Griffin (who knew all things that could be learnt out of book) didn't know, were the mainspring of the preservation of our Secret. It was wonderfully kept, but was once upon the verge of self betrayal. Tito danger and" escape occurred upon A Sunday. We were all ten ranged in a conspicuous part of the gallery at church, with Miss Griffin at our head-as we were every Sunday-ad vor tilling the establishment in an irregular sort of way when the description of Solomon in his domestic glory happened to be read. The moment that monarch was thus referred to, con Kcicncowhispered me, "Thou, too, Haroun!" The officiating minister had a cast in his eye, and it assisted conscience by giving him the appearance of reading personally at me. A crim- son blush, attended by a fearful perspiration, suffused my features. The Grand Vizier became more here than alive, and the whole seraglio reddened as if the sense of Bagdad shone di -jest upon their lovely faces. At this portentous time the awful Griffin rose, and balefully surveyed the children of Islam, My own impression was, that church and state had entered into a conspiracy with Miss Griffin to expose us, and that we should all be put into white sheets, and exhibited in the centre aisle. But, so westerly -if I may be allowed the expression as opposite to eastern associations-was elliss Griffin's sense of a certitude, that she merely suspected Apples, and we were saved. I have called the seraglio, united. Upon the digestion, solely, va hellier the Commander of the faithful durst exercise a right of kissing in that sanctuary of the palace, were its peerless inmates divided. Zobeido asserted a counter- right in the Favourite to scratch, and the fair Circas Linn put her face, for refuge, into a green baize bag, originally designed for books. On the other hand, a young antelope, of tran- scendant beauty from the fruitful plains of Cam deii-toavn-(whonco she had been brought by the riders, in the half-yearly caravan that crossed the intermediate desert after the holidays), held more liberal opinions, but stipulated for limiting the benefit of them to that dog, and son of a dog, the Grand Vizier who had no rights and was not in question. At length, the difficulty was compromised by the installation of a very youthful slave as deputy. She, raised upon a stool, officially received upon her cheeks the salutes intended by the gracious Haroun for other sul trains, and was privately rewarded from the coffers of the ladies of the bargain. And now it was, at the full height of enjoy- ment of my bliss, that I became heavily troubled. I began to think of my mother, and what she would say to my taking home at midsummer eight of the most beautiful of the daughters of men, but all unexpected, I thought of the number of beds we made up at our house, of my father's income, and of the baker, and my despondency redoubled. The; seraglio and malicious Vizier, 'divining the cause of their lord's n unhappiness, did their utmost to augment it. They professed unbounded fidelity, and declared that they would live and die with him. Reduced to the utmost wretchedness by these pro- testations of attachment, I lay awake, for hours and a time, ruminating on my frightful lot. In my despair, I think I might have taken an early c] portunity of falling on my knees before Miss Griffin, avowing my resemblance to Solomon, and praying to be dealt with according to the outraged laws of my country, if an unthought-of means of escape had not opened before me, One day, we were out walking, two and two - on which occasion the Vizier had his usual in M motions to take note of the boy at the turn guilty, and if he profanely gazed (which he always did at the beauties of the harem, to have him low strung in tho course of the night-and it happened that our hearts were veiled in gloom. Au unaccountable action on the part of the ante- hope had plunged the state into disgrace. That charmer, on the representation that the previous day was her birthday, and that vast treasures had been sent in a hamper for its celebration (both baseless assertions), had secretly but most pressingly invited 35 neighbouring princes and princesses to a ball and supper; with a special stipulation that they were " not to be fetched till 12." This wandering of the ante- lope's fancy led to the surprising arrival at Miss Griffin's door, in divers equipages and under \ unions escorts, of a great company in full dress, who were deposited on the top step in a flush of high expectancy, and who were dismissed in tears. At the beginning of the double knocks attendant on these ceremonies, the antelope had let used to a back attic, and bolted herself in hand at every new arrival, Miss Griffin had gone so much more and more distracted, that at last she had been used to give her a cut. titanium a capitulation on the part of the offender, had been followed by solitude in the linen closet, bread' and water, and a lecture to all, of vindictive 1 length, in which MIPS Griffin had used the ex- of casions : firstly, " I believe you all of your news of it ?" secondly, " Every one of you is as wicked as another ; thirdly, " A pack of little wretches." Under these circumstances, we were walking ' drearily along: and I especially,withmyMoosuI maunlresponsibilities heavy on me, was in a very low state of mind when a strange man accosted" Miss Caffin, and, after walking on at her side for a little while, and talking with bray,. looked at me. Supposing him to be a minion, of the law, and that my hour was come, I instantly ran away, with a general purpose of making for Egypt. The whole seraglio cried out when they saw ' me making off as fast as my legs would carry me I had an impression that the first turning on the left, and round by the publichouse, would be the shortest way to the Pyramids Miss Griffa* Fcrenrncd after me, the faithless Vizier ran after it e, and the boy at the turnpike dodged me into a corner, like a sheep, and cut me off. Nobody bi olded me when I was taken and brought back -. Miss Griffin only said, with a stunning gentle less,," This was very curious. Why Ead I run away when the gentleman looked at me?" If I had had any breath to answer with, I dare say I should have made no answer ; having no breath; I certainly made none. Miss Griffin and the strange man took me between them, arise TI alkaline back to the palace in a sort of state ;,. but not at all (as I couldn't help feeling, with' astonishment) in culprit state. When we got there we went into a room by ourselves, and Miss Griffin called in to her assistance, Mcsrour, chief of the dusky guards of the harem. Mesrour, on being whispered to, began, to shed tears. " Bless you, my precious I" said that officer,... turning to me, " your pals took bitter bad I" I asked, with a fluttered heart, " Is he very" ii ?" " Lord temper the wind to you, my lamb !" ' said the good Mesrour, kneeling down, that! might have a comforting shoulder for my heart. to rest on your pals dead 1" Haroun Alraschid took to flight at the words' the seraglio vanished; from that moment I never again saw one of the eight of the fairest, of the daughters of men. I was taken home, and there was debt at home as well as death, and we had a sale there. My own little bed was so superciliously looked upon by a power unknown to me, hazily called " The Trade," that a brass coal- scuttle, a roast-' ing jack, and a birdcage, were obliged to be put into it to make a lot of it, and then it went for a song. - So I heard mentioned, and I wondered what song and thought what a dismal song it must have been to sing Then. I was sent to a great cold, bare school of big boys; where everything to eat and wear- is as thick and clumsy, without being enough; where everybody, large and small, was crop where the boys knew all about the sale, before I got there, and asked me what I had fetched, and who had bought me, and hooted at me, " Going,, j. going, gone !" I never whispered in that wretched? ' place that I had been Haroun, or had had a i seraglio for I knew that if I mentioned my re v cases, I should be so worried that I should have to drown myself in the muddy pond near the j playground, which looked like the beer. An me, ah me 1 No other ghost has haunted! the boy's room, my friends, since I have occupied, it, than the ghost of my own childhood, the; ghost of my own innocence, the ghost of my own airy belief. Many a time have I put i ned the phantom : never with this man's strides. of mine to come up with it, never with these man's hands of mine to touch it, never more to this man's heart of mine to hold it in its: purity. And here you see me working out, ass cheerfully and thankfully as I may, my doors of shaving in the glass a constant change of customers, and of lying down and rising up with the skeleton allotted time for mymortaS companion. 