VII.-RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. GAWLER. [From Monday's ADVERTISER. ] January 13. On Thursday, January 12, a bazaar of fancy and useful articles in aid of the enlargement of the present Congregational Chapel in this town, was held in the opacious room of the Oddfellows' Hall. At 1 o'clock the doors were thrown open, and admittance granted to the public on each person paying the sum of one shining. The room was tastefully decorated with evergreens. On each side and at the top were tables which were heavily laden with the various articles for «ale, whilst on the walls were vividly displayed arti- cles of children's clothing and various useful goods. Behind the top table was placed a piano, at which Urs. Boyd and other ladies severally and ably presided. Mrs. Boyd waa also occupied in retailing songs at Is. each, at which she was greatly patronised. The tables were presided over by Mesdames Duffield, leonard, Wilcox, Randall, and Deland, Misses A. Turner, Mitchell, Finch, and Gunn, who exerted themselves greatly on the occasion. At the bottom of the room was a refreshment-stall, over which Mr. B. E. Deland ably presided. The attendance during the day was, on the whole (taking into consideration the dusty state of the weather), very good. The plans for the enlargement of the chapel were exhibited, and, judging from these, the erection, when com- pleted, wiil be an ornament to the town. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.-On Thursday, January 5, St. Paul's Church was opened for Divine service. The internal arrangements were not quite complete, but means were taken to secure the comfort of a consider- able audience. In the morning the attendance, in con-. sequence of the extreme heat of the weather, was some- what scanty ; prayers were offered by the Incumbent, the Rev. A. R. Russell ; the lessons were read by Revs. J. Pollitt and A. Cooper ; the Rev. C. Marryat read the Ante-Communion Service, and a very able sermon was preached by the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock. In the evening a much larger congregation assembled ; prayers were offered by the Lord Bishop, the lessons read by the Rev. J. Stuart Jackson and the Archdeacon, and an office for baptism was lead for the first timo in the new church at the close of the second lesson by the Incumbent. A Sermon of a remarkably pleasing and most impressive character was preached by the Rev. W. B. Andrews, of St. James's, Blakiston. On both occa- sions the musical part of the services was led by an effective choir under the able superintendence of Mr. H. R. Poun- sett. In the morning the anthem beginning " Lord of all Power and Might," and in the evening " How beautiful upon the Mountains" were sung with admirable effect. There were three services on Sunday ; those in the morn- ing and evening attended by very largo congrega- tions. The Lord Bishop preached in the morning ; the Rev. J. Stuart Jackson in the afternoon ; and the Rev. G. H. Farr in the evening. The anthem, " Bless the Lord, O my Soul," was sung in the morning, and others in the afternoon and evening. The service was, on each occasion, serious and animated. Collections made at the close of every service amounted in all to very nearly £40. We may add to the foregoing (which has been furnished by a member of the congregation), that after the opening of St. Pauls, the Rev. Mr. Russell was waited upon by a deputation from St. John's (his former cure) and presented with a most affectionate and flatter- ing address, accompanied by a purse of money, in token of the high esteem in which the rev. gentleman was still held by his former flock. SUNDAY-SCHOOL TEACHEBS* UNION. - On Priday evening amoetingof the Sunday- School Teachers' TTnion was held in Freeman-street Chapel. Alderman Colton, who was called upon to preside, expressed the delight which he experienced in engaging in any cause having for ita object the glory of God and the advance- ment of Sabbath-schools. He had been connected with Sabbath-schools for nearly twenty years, and as he ad- vanced in age, his interest and sympathy with them increased. He had seen the great advantages resulting from Sunday-school teaching. They had assemble« that evening to hear a lecture upon the genius of true teaching, and no doubt the subject would bo placed before them in a very interesting manner. He trusted that all those engaged in Sabbath school teaching would be highly edified; and that it would be the means of more fully preparing them to enter upon their duties. He must confess that ho felt somewhat grieved and dis- appointed at the amallness of the attendance, as he had expected to see the room well filled, Sabbath-school teachers of all denominations being interested in the subject of the lecture. He could not help feeling some disappointment, though he did not believe at any time there had been greater interest felt in Sabbath schools than at tho present moment. He did not know whether it was the near approach cf tho Christmas holidays, or what influence had been brought to bear; but ho must repeat that he felt considerable disappoint- ment at the smallness of the attendance; The worthy Alderman concluded by calling upon the Rev. Mr. Hoatson to deliver his promised lecture upon tho . ' Genius of TmeTcaching." The Rev. Mr. Hoatson remarked, that he had always felt a great interest in Sabbath schools, and had been superintendent of one in Yorkshire for five years. He felt satisfied, that if the woik of salvation were to bo extended, it must be through the medium of Sabbath schools. The Jesuits had taught a useful lesson in this respect, for without a foundation, what must become of tho superstmcture ? The rev. geutleman dwelt upon the importance of Sabbath school t eachers obtaining a moral influence, and remarked that the îùstory of persuasive power was morely the direct truth given with direct appropriate feeling. He strongly in- culcated patience, perseverance, tenderness, and faith, and contended that mere books, lessons, and catechism, ¿id not constitute teaclr'ng. Faith must be taught in opposition to scepticism, and it was at all times better to talk with children than to them. Tho formal mode .of education was to be avoided, as frequently pioduciug A coldness, and distrust, and awkwardness. If a «thousand educations could D9 concentrated into one, still a soul could not be saved without epiritual and moral «flower. It was better to bo humbly pious than proudly, intelligent, and many learned and distinguished men had regretted they had not been more cared for in their youth as moral and responsible beings. Let teachers unite tho suavity of Christian goutlemon with earnestness in their work. He regarded a Christian gentleman as one who would not wound the feelings of «mothar ; one who, whilst he pre-' served his own self-re«pect, never attempted to encroach upon cnother's. Tho reverend gentleman's very eloquent address was listened to with marked attention and de- light; and at its conclusion a vote of thanks iras uuanU roously given to him. TH»"WBSLEYAN BAZVAU.-Tho bazaar, held in tho spacious now stores of Mossrs. McArthur, Ringa borough, & Co., in,Pirie-btrcct, for tho purpose of rais- ing fund« necessary to defray the cost of a residence at Norwood for a minister of the Gospel in connection with the Wesleyan 'denomination, was brought to a close on Tnursdny evening, Deo. 22, the articles remaining unsold at about 9 o'clock being sut mitted to public com- petition Uy Mr, Townsend, who exerted all his eloquence and powert- of "persuasion to realize good prices, and his praÍB3worthy ut«ndea\ora wero crowned with triviuiphant success. The bazaar intended ovör a period of thr-'O days, and although the attendance was ixccw- din/iy good throughout, and the purohases ou an cxtni.neU- liberal scale, the contributions were also so liberal t'tat the stock on hand appeared scarcely less when the services of the auctioneer wero called into re- quisition than at the commencement. No efforts were spared to render the affair as attractive as possible ; the spacious store was tastefully decorated with flags, evergieení, and appropriate transparencies. There was excellent vocal and instrumental music ; irresistible saleswomen bad been induced to volunteer theil- services at the stalls, and the arrangements for refreshments, of course only of a temperate character, were most complete; from this source alono a considerable sum of money must have been raised. A largo proportion of the articles exhibited were manufactured and contributed by the ladies con- nected with the particular denomination in reference to whWi the", Bazaar was held, mid the result must be no loss satisfactory to them than their exertions have been creditable ; for notwithstanding the dullness of the times and the numerous calls which have lately been nude upon the community for benevolent purposes, the amount realized (after defraying the necessary ex fensjs) reached the handsome sum of about £200. t is only fair to mention that amongst tho visitors, were members of various Christian denominations, who wore not impollod by mere curiosity to visit the scene, but who c!icer ully contributed towards a work the success of which must bo gratifying to all who witnessed it. The kiiidiiass of Messrs. McVrthur, Kingsborough, and Co., in placing their magnificent premises at the disposal of the Bazaar Committee must havo contri- buted very materially to the successful issue of the un- dertaking. .BOWDEN WESLEY AS BAZÍAB.-A fancy fair, with the object of raising funds for the purchase of furni. ture for the Wesleyan Mission-house at Brompton, was helfl on Tuesday, January 3, in the schoo'rooia of Mr. Lawton, at Bowden. The'roora was tastefully set out with various tables spread with fancy work of every kind, liesides a large quantity of articles of more general utility. The ladies of Bawden would indeed havo been hard to pleaje if they had fallod to find something which they did not want amidst so tempting a display. Notwith- standing the excessivo heat of the weather, and tho clouds of dust mingling with volumes of smoko from the hills which prevailed through the day, there was a toler- able attendance at the Bazaar, and we hope for the sake of tho ladies, whoso praiseworthy industry has been the means of collecting so interesting and attractive a display, that they will he successful in realising the obiect they have'in view. CONFIBMATION.-On a recent occasion the Catholic LordVBishop of Adelaide, Dr. Geoghegan, assisted hy the Revs. Messrs. Smyth, Russell, and Maurice, cele- brated Mass at the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier, and administered the Holy Communion to 150 persons, after which ho preached a very eloquent sermon on "The Seven Gifts of the Holy Ghost," from Isa. xi., 2, 3, viz. :-Wisdom, Understanding, Counsel, Fortitude, Knowledge, Piety, and the Fear of the Lord. At the conclusion His Lordship administered the rite of con- firmation to 1G1 persons of both sexes. 