Imewetrei ^phaae^of iot placeinihu ^ainn,*elj»wg . letter amelf becaiwe itoPBOttmeotodl , froBoarora. - }??:* " *-?»-; f-, ! MESSRS CATHIE AND FRAZER (To the editor of the Star.) . . SIR, -Mr Fraser having, in a letter to the Times, attempted by a judicious us of the suppressio-veri and the suggestio falsi to evade the real point in dispute, I must trouble you with one word more, to place the matter in its true light. I have charged Mr Frazer with having by a concealment of the true facts of the case, induced me, on Wednesday, 26th January, to place a notice of motion on the books of the House. Now what is his reply ? -that on Friday, 27th January, two days afterwards, I knew the whole facts of the case. Of course I did! because directly after I had given notice of motion, Mr Nicholson and Mr O'Shanassy exposed the whole scheme. leav ing me on the bonus of a dilemma, to choose between absenting myself when the motion came on, or braving the ridicule af the House for being so taken in . Now, Mr Editor, I leave it to you and the public to judge ot the impudent shuffling of such an answer (?) I am, Sir. your obedient servant. JOHN CATHIE. Melbourne, 13th February, I860. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.-The fol lowing plea of a spread eagle lawyer j needs no comment:-" Gentlemen of the jury-The Scripture eaith, * Thon shalt not kill!' Now if you hang my client you transgress "the command as slick as grease, and 41s plump as .a goose" egg in a loafer's face. Gentle men, murder in murder, whether com mitted bv twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man, (but is that any reason why you eh6uld So so? No such thing, gentle men; yon'Vmay bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty, but that will not exonerate you! No such thing. In that case you will be murderers Who among you is pre pared for the brand -of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freemen-who in this land'of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife or pistol in his- pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odorifer ous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my un fortunate client, and the scaley alligators ?f remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebra of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad Tor the grim and gory goblins of lespair. Gentlemen, beware of com mitting ! Beware, 1 say, of meddling ivith the eternal prerogative I Gentle men, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name jf Woman, the mainspring of the tickling timepiece of Time's theore tical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you for : the love you have for the esculent md condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder. I adjure jrou by the stars set in the flying en sign of your emancipated country! I idjure you by the American Eagle, that whipped-the- universal game cock af creation, and now sits. roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's il tustrious transmigration to do no aaurder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to back at jrou-if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rooky. Mountain bufialo-. and to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctability, acquit my client and save your country." The priso ner was acquitted.-Ontario Times. THE" NAVIES OF THE WOULD. An elaborately prepared return states the number of ships of war of all kinds -line-of-battle ships, frigates, corvettes, and sloops, surveying and small vessels, gun-boats, tenders, -possessed by the various, civilised nations of the world, as follows: England, 626; France, 448; Russia, 164; Sweden, 311 (principally small vessels;. Norway, 143; Denmark, 120; the United States, 79; Hol land, 139; Belgium, 7; Spain, 82; the Two Sicilies, 121; Austria, 135; Portugal, 37; Sardinia, 28; Prussia, 55; Greece, 26; Turkey, 49; Brazil, 27; Peru, 15; Chili, 5; Mexico, 9. j -Illustrated London News. 1 A Deseeted CITY.-On the third day we came, in the solitude, upon an imposing and majestic monument of antiquity--a large city utterly aban doned. Its turreted ramparts, its watch towers, its four great gates, facing the four cardinal points, were all there perfect, in preservation, ex cept that, besides being three-fourths buried in the soil, they were covered with a thick coating of turf. Arrived opposite the southern gate, vre directed Samdadchfemba to proceed quietly with the animals, while we paid a visit to the Old Town, as the Tartars designate it. Our impression, as we entered the Vast enclosure, was one of mingled awe and sadness^ . Thane -were no rains of any sort to be Been, but only the out line of a large and fine town, becoming absorbed below by''gradual.accumula tions of wind-borne soil, and above by a winding-sheet of turf. The arrange ment of the streets, and tiie position of I the principal ^edifices, were i ndicated by the inequalities of ground. The only livingjlungs we found bere were a young Mongol shepherd, silently pmoking $10 pipe, and the flock of goat# he tended. We questioned gt? forsq^ fs to when the citywrA# built, by. whom, when abandoned, and w&y; ? We might as weii have interrogated his goats. He knew no more than that the place was called the Old Town. Such remains of ancient cities are of ao unfreqnent occurrence in the de serts of Mongolia; but evjrtrything connected with their origin andhistory is buried in darkness. Qfc witfe^what sadness does such a apectadefill thd , soul 4 The ruins of Greece., the supfctb Egypt--al] thisfe itiBtrue, ielLefdeath; aUbelonji to the past.; yet when you gaze upon them, you know whattheyare; you jjMoana uso ae baited alhreihe.£itybf I you -&>d ;il£i3~3t jjr skeleton, bat you ~ historical associations wherewith' to ' £al?£nizeit. doned cities ofTturfsary nota^raditJon remains; they are tombswithaptaa epitaph, amid solitude andsilence, lin interrnpted except wbentta pander ing Tartarshalt, for awhile, within the ruined enclosures, because ften., the pastures . are richer and more* abundant.-From. Travels in Tartaryi Thibet, and China. > - ' Ekglish F&EEDOM.-We; seethat other nations haye not got liberty, though they love it, ana are ready enoughto seize it if they can; but' they do so as the child does "With < Bweefcmeats-gorge themselves until tbey are made sick. Bat die mother takas the sweetmeats away to prevent the child making itself sick, and this is the secret of other nations not ,bar ing liberty as you bare it ;,it isthat?: the people have beenpossessedwith Christ's troth, and that has taught us to use with moderation to one another, not turning it into idle licentiousness,i the biassed gift of liberty. (Applause.) Wellj sir, I say that this is true and capable of demonstration, that Eng land's strength is based upon Eng land's Gospel, and that a free English : Bible and the good English Prayer book, read and prayed over-^loud cheers)-by thousands and tens of thousands of sturdy English hearts, is the history of England's liberty, ofj England's glory, of England's loyalty, and of England's strength. {Re newed cheering.)-Mitsionary Speech of the Bishop of Oxford. NswAppoumcKirrt.-^aine* Stewart, Tho tnas Leirmonth, Henry Richards C&mIK; , Frederick. Yovmg,and "William Collard Smith, to be the trustees of the ground let apart at: Ballarat for a mechanic*' institute, in the i room of the Uuoicip&l; .Council -of Ballarat 1 watt, who relinquish their trust. BALLA.ra.T GA.ol.-Weekly state of H.M." Gaol, Ballarat, ended February 10th, 1860 : Last return, 60 males 8 females ; since ad mitted, 24 males 3 females; total, 84 males 11 females; since discharged, 20 males 4 female*; total now, 64 mafcs 7 females. j 