V A R I E T I EJ3. ; Alcoholic Test.— A red nose. A Pair of Smalls.— Lord John Russell and his Reform Bill. . Ground Rents.— The effect of an earthquake. A Spiritual Inquiry'.— Is it likely that ghosts talk in the dead laniiuaccR ? Wonderful M.etamorphobis.— A teetotaller was Been, a day or two ago, to turn into a publio house ! Uncommonly Nice.— The standing dish at the Tuilcrios' dinners just now is Gateau de Savoie. A Hostile Truth.— You know the number of friends a man onoe had by the number of enemies he now possesses. i : . Only what might de Expected — The adhesion of Savoy to Franco is tho work of venal Savoyard or gans. The bread of life is love ; the salt of life is work ; the sweetness of life is poetry; the water of fife is faith. ' Roys should he very odreiul how they steor their life-barks if they would arrive without shipwreck at the JLsle of Man. : .Beautiful was the reply of a venerable man to the question whether he was still in the land of the living — " No, but I am almost there." An eminent teetotaller would only oonsent to sit for his portrait on condition that he should be taken in water oolours. "I say, John, where did you get that rogue's hat ?" " Please yer honour," said John, "It's au old one of yours that missis gave me yesterday, when you went to town." > ; If you wish to ouro a scolding wife, never fail to laugh at her with all your might until she eeases ; then kiss her. Sure ouro! There are two languages that are universal — the one of love, and the other of money. The girlB un derstand one, and the men the other, all the world over. The saored book of the aneient Persians says : " It yon wish to be a saint, instrnot your ohildren, be- orase all tbe good they do will be imputed unto you." Liquidation. — A gentleman praising the generosi ty of bis friend, observed, "Ho spends his monoy like water." " Then of oourse he liquid-ates his debts,", rejoined a wag- Lever tells of a Tipperary peasant, when asked to pay for prayers for his son who had come to grief, refused, saying, " My boy, when alive, broke out. of every gaol in MunBter, and he won't stay long in purgatory." a man who had brutally assaulted his wife was brought before Justioe Cole, of Albany, lntely, and' bad a good deal to say about ' getting justioe.' "Jus tice !" replied Cole, "you oan't get it hero ; the Court has no power to hang you " Conceit Taken Down.— "I saw an exoellent thing in your pamphlet," said O'Connell to a vaiu young writer. "Eh? what, sir ?" was the oager re joinder. " A penny bun, my friend." Griefs are like the beings that endure them; the little ones the most Clamorous and noisy. Those of the older growth ond greater magnitude are generally tranquil, sometimes silent. ' It is not a face, a form, nor a soft voice or a pleasant Bmile, that kindles love in the heart of a man. These are powerful accessories; but love itself ie ideal, looks not with the eye, but with the mind ; hence the an cients bandaged the eyes of Cupid. Rowland Hill once said, on seeing some persons enter his ohapel to avoid the rain that was falling :— " Many persons are to bs blamed for making their religion a cloak; but I do not think , muoh better of those whe make their religion an umbrella." Tho following lately ooourcd in a village school :— Teacher : What part of speech is the word egg?— Boy (hesitatingly) : Nouh, sir.— Teaoher : What is its gender, masouline, feminine, or neuter?— Boy: Can't say, sir, till its hatched. A Question fob Philologists. — Philosophers are raising tbe impertinent demand whether the utter most narts of the earth are 'inhabited solely by wo men ? Street Nomenclature— N otioe is hereby given that, by an order ot the Central Board of Works, the street in the Strand hitherto ksiown as Savoy-street, is henceforth to be called Petty Franoe. . „ Mr. John Bull acknowledges the first half of "West minster Bridge, but begs to state that the seoond half has not yet oome to hand. This statement is made in the hepe that Mr. Cowper, or Mr. Page, willl look to it at their earliest convenience. '' Rag Fair.— Todo the Chanoellor oftheExohoquer justioe, he gives proof that he sympathises with the paper makers about tho dearth of rags. He oontinues and increasos an oppressive tax, highly likely to pro mote the produotion of rags on the baoks of the suf ferers. Reciprocity and Rags.— It is satisfactory to know . that the French Government has agreed to remove the prohibition of the export from Franoe of rags. Let'us not hope that our1 liberal neighbours will go ono step farther in the right direction ; give us their gold and silver, and take our paper. Impbovembnts of the Age.— Two oenturies ago riot ono in a hundred wore stookings. Fifty years ago not a boy in a thonsand was allowed to run at large at night. Fifty years ago not a girl in a thonsand made a waiting-maid of her mother; "Wonderful improvements in this age. . Lord Maoaulay met Mrs Beeoher Stowe at Sir O. Trevelyan's, and rallied her on her admiration of Shskspeare. " Whioh of his oharaoters do you like best f" said he.—" Deademona," said the lady.— "Ah, of oourse," was the reply, " for she was the only one , who ran aftor a blaokman." Sir Boyle Uoohe, the notorious blunderer, rose on 6 day iu the Irish House of Commons, and aaid, with a graver air tban usual,"" Mr Speaker, the profligacy of the times is suoh, that little ohildren who can nei ther walk nor talk may be seen running about the streets oursing their Maker," A disappointed artist, indnlging in a vein of abuse against a sudoessful rival, oxolaimed, >' He is. with out oxoeption, tha : most Buperfioial, self-siimoient, ignorant, shallow oreature, that ever made any pre- ; tentions to art."— " Gently, my dear sir," interrupted the gentleman, "you quite forget yourself. . Tho followingappoared as an advertisement in an English provincial paper on Saturday, Maroli .17 " Lost, ou Sunday.night last, a lady's beau, between Elswiok and Blaydon. Whoever will bring the Bame to Joseph Makepeace, Blaydon, will be handsomely rewarded." : A Run for the Reform Bill.— Lord John Rus- .1 ; ;„tn tl,a TTnnva nF Com- b6i1) luootuw oyomub,i»u sumw . mons, with a train of supporters at- his heels, just in time to seoure the discussion of his Reform Bill by saving the House from being counted out. The noble Lord on that oocasion may. oonsider himself to have had a run of good luok. Let usreoolloot tho admonition of a famous man that tho humblest persons are bound to give an ao- oourit of their leisure ;"and, in the midst of solitudes, to be of some use to sooiety. The spare minutea qf a year are mighty labourers if kept to their work. They overthrow, and build up ; dig. or empty. There m a , tradition in Barbary that tho sea was onoe i absorbed ; Boast for Boast.—" Ah," said an Englishman,. " I belong to a oountry upon' whioh tho sun never sets."— "And I." said a Yankee, " belong.to a oountry of whioh there oan be no. correct map— it grows so fast that surveyors can't keep up with it. The 'Judicious /Bottle Holder' and the P.R.— A characteristic story is told of the Premier on tbe subjoot of this fight as follows Whilst oir G. Lewis was assuring tbo House of Commons in so norous phrases of the unquestionable illegality of prizo fights, and the liability to indictment of all who might witness ot enaourage them, a sporting member was busy iu the Library collecting a purse lor tne Champion. Lord Pulmorstou Game in, and was ln- Btantly arrested by tbo ooltootor. I want asove- reignforTom Bayers, ' he said. A sovcreign for Sayers,' replied the Premier, 'splendid fellow .1 will give vou five." Ho was told that the subsorip- ; tion was limited to one, which ho i paid with nloonty. 'I've groat ploasuro in giving it, ho said noarti y, . « I wjgh you'd let mo make it ttvo> You must takq thU £w what its WWthi 