TEE WO MA N IN OREY. A CRIMEAN EPISODE. ; THE barren plateau on which the allied ;.;araueB were encamped before Sebastopoj -was naturally suggestive of naany eupor ^stitioas fancies among the troops. The '-outlying sentinel, with bis eye at the , uttermost decree of tension, to detect some crouching spy, eventually saw .imaginttry lorms around him, and the darkness became peopled with the deni ^zens of another world. Many stories ^ . of ghostly manifestations were current, i?;very few of them possessing any other ^foundation than the imaginary fancy of ' l^the credulous soldier ; but there are one ;^,or two authenticated stories of ghosts, .- one of which 1 will tell here, as I heard it trom the lips of an officer of air Irish *; regiment, who was conversant with all ' thVifetails. : A soldier on . being1 relieved, from his guard one winter's night, swore stoutly ' that ha had been haunted during tfiift " whole period of duty by a woman in ^rrey, who made signals to him, which good Catholic as he was,declined to " follow. He was laughed at; but when sentry on duty the next night told . the same story, the most incredulous began Co believe. When a week had vrpu8»ed 8way, and each night the same ... occurrence happened, the argument was : so infected with alarm, that the captain < . of the day thought it bigh time to in l terfere. For this purpose he summoned to his counsels one Patrick Lsary, a S Color Sergeant, who was popularly sup ; > posed to fear neither man nor devil ' The captain lent the non-commissioned ^ .ofBicir a revolver, bidding him fire if he . Wound it absolutely necessary, but to do . :ip his . best to capture the won an alive. Mr, Pat took a hearty drain of rum, and: yWent on sentry-go, much to the relief of " the man warned for that night's duty, .rt wis a dark misty night when Pat Ot u uieaced his duty round, and it was enough to make any man feel tincom . fortable The gal!ant Pat, however, so long as theeffctof the mm lasted, whistled /. The night on which 'Larry' was stretched,'- soto voce, stamped his feet ?o restore the chilled circulation. Sompoow or other, though, ha began to groxv very lonely, and almost wished that the ghost would come if only to bear him company* His wishes wire roon fulfilled, for hearing a slight sound,' and raising his rifle to his shouldpiV he saw a dusky form gibbering at him in the distance. Pat began rooping and mowing" in reply, and the woman, ap parently . encouraged by this, drew nearer. Pet laid his nrelock on 'the ground, as it to encourage the other, but placed his hand carefully on his revolver. There was nothing like being prepared, but if it were a woman-the thought fairly turned the honest Ser geant's mind. Ere long the figure ap proached so near, that Pat was enabled to challenge " Who goes there. ?" . "A friend !". the stranger replied, in a musical, though foreign voicie.' " Advance friend, and give the coun tersign/' the sergeant mechanically said. ... Just as the figure approached Pat, the moon broke out from behind acloud, and. enabled him to see the woman's features/The most astounding thing was the immense grey beard the figure wore. Pat> as a traveller, was accus tomed to strange sights, but this euro passed all. In a second, though, the truth flashed upon him, ana he made ready for action. " *' Come here, my. darlint," Pat said, artfully,-bat the woman did not seem; inclined to obey. The moonlight had evidently destroyed the stranger's cal culations. She fell back a step' or two,' and then turoed to fly. But it was too late j Pat was a'ter her with a tiger's bound, and, impeded by her petticoats, she stumbled and nearly fell. In a se cond. however, she recovered herself, and turned on the-Sergeant with a most uncomfortable looking yataghan. 1 " Tear an' 'ouns," the Sergeant cried, " the woman's the devil ; I can stand nails, but these are rather too.sharp " A low mocking laugh burst from ihe stranger's lips, as he tried to get/be tween Pat and his musket, but Pat was on his guard ; pretending to fly, he managed to bear down within grasp of the woman, and caught at her capote. The next moment the yataghan had passed hrdugh the fleshy part of his j arm, but he did not relax his hold. He gra;»pled with the stranger, but meet ing with an unexpected resistance, he drew his revolver. The stranger clutched at it wi*h a frantic energy, and a terri ble struggle ensued, which terminated by the-pistol suddenly exploding; and the stranger fell to the ground with a gro'n, while Pat, weakened by the loss of blood, followed the example. The quarter guard, aroused by the shot, soon hurried up to the spot, and both were borne into camp. The stranger was placed in a hut, and a surgeon fetched, and-it was evident' that the woman in grey was a fine looking old man. He was, however, declared to be in a very dangerous state* lor the ball had passed through bis lungs. His condition was kindly explained to him, and he told his story readily enough. His name was Constantine,and he was by birth a Pole. Having been engaged in the revolution of 1831, he was saved from the death that fell to the lot of his "comrades, to endure a worse fate. He and his family, were transferred to Rus sia, and be was forced to perform the most degrading duties in the secret police. For twenty three years he had ! ensured this humiliation, for the sake ! of his wife and child, but he little I reckoned what was in store for him.! When the war with the allies became imminent, he was ordered with his family to Sebastopol, for he was a per fect French and German scholar; and when the campaign commenced,he was compelled to risk h*s life' nightly, by going ont to spy the progress the enemy made. Death stared him in the lacri either way ; if he refused, the sentence passed, upon him at Warsaw still re mains in force, while, if he obeyed, he was in hourly risk of detection. Why not desert. you will ask ? but the Rus sian police were Machiavels. His daughter'Eudoxia, a lovely girl of three and tw«nt>, was taken into the Go-i vernor's house, ostensibly to protect her from the horrors of the siege ; but Constantino was given fully to under stand that her life depended upon his fidelity. The poor father was sorely distracted; his hatred of' the Russians was counterbalanced by his love for his daughter, the only treasure he possessed in the world, for his wile had succumbed under the privations and exposure of a winter journey across : the - steppe. Need. I say that the father triumphed over the man ? Constantine was a nighty visitor to our lines, and by the cleverness with which be played the character, of a French or English lines* man, long escaped detection. At length, a dreadful ordeal was offered him; he was told that if he could only induce an English soldier to desert, from whom some valuable infor mation-may be obtained, his sentence would be reversed, and he would be free to go where he pleased with his ^daughter. Maddened by the thought of fieedom, Constantine attired himself in temipine garb, hoping thus to attract some sentinel from bis post. He would then wound him, though not danger rously, and drag hint into the Russian lines. In fact, it grew a monomania with Constantine that be must, catch a Briton alive ; but,, unfortunately, . in Sergeant Leary, he caught a tartar. ^ Such was the story he told, and which arcised considerable interest among the hearers. It reached the ears of Lord Raglan himself, who visited the prisoner, and bade him. be ot .good cheer; JIO harm,coulil befall him. But Constantine .shook his bead sadly; of what value was life to him. now, when he was separated tro'ry his Eirloxia? I need not say that every kindness was shown the poor fellow, and the doctors, vied with «M>h Other in their attention to him. But there was little chance of saving him. . The wretched conical ball was aouarently embedded in his back bone/ and there was' noi prosjrect of moving it. ' 1 Pardon, reader, such: ft common place story, but the end is not yet. : * Two days later, Serjeant Leaiy, who bad bound bis flesh -'Wound up; and lau ghr-d at it, was 'at work in the ? front parallel. ' He'W6s sitting ifa'th^'trrinbh/ smoking a very- dirty short pipe, and growling- inwardly, when his wound pave htm a: twitch.- Tt: was; a lovely night, and double caution had to be exercised, for '.he Russians - were; .'all! alive, and seemed shooting-for a wager at the men iri:the trenches; Pat philoso phically'took off his shako, and placed it on the top ot the earthwork. In five minutes he took it down again, and lo! there were three Minie. balls clean through it. . * . \ * ^ "Whirrah !"said Pat; as he comically surveyed the damage, " here's a patent Ventilator." ? - . J : i : j; " Lucky for you, Sergeant Leary, " a; | young ensitrn, remarked," tbpt yojir. i head was'nt in i*." - ^ "Arrah, your honout, and do you suppose tho«e diity bulleti would go through iny head ? It's all very easy with a regulation shako, for we know what that is made ot; but an Irishman's head : is formed of stronger matte rials." ; A suppressed laugh ran - along. ,the, trenches, but Pat was not at all put out. . " 1 '? " Boys!" he remarked, with solemn pathos, " since the,unlucky day that I ?landed in this filthy conntry, not a night has passed that I hav'nt put at least a pint of bad sperrits into this carcass of mind, and there is not a man among you who can say he-'has seen me the worse for it. It wants a purty daisent head to stand the iiahiweget up here, for it would take the roof ofi a house; so I think my head is safe against a ball sent by Riissianpowder. Hilloh! what's their game down now, jiwondher?", The men lumped up involuntarily, for the ."firing from the Russian guns J | had grown tremendous. ' Forgetting \- all caution, they sprang on the breast work naturally supposing that 'the | enemy meditated a sortie. ' They were in perfect safety, however; all the bul- j lets were at present directed at a single j : figure, which'"as crossing the open at frantic speed. Our men cheered heartily, as the stranger pressed on. utterl 1 reckless of the shower of lead, and some J two or three fellows, Leary at their head, Crushed out to rescue him. Great was the Se geant's' surprise though, when he recognised io the stranger the Woman in Grey. But therewas no time for inquiry. The Russians had opened all their batteries, as if disguste ? tit not bringing down their victim, and for an hour that very earth shook with the vibration. Suddenly the fire died away, as we did not condescend to reply to it ; the moon retired behind a cloud in disr gust, and there was silence for the rest of the night. - In the meanwhile, Sergeant Leary had convinced himself that this Mr. Jones was not that Mr. Jones; the stranger, instead ot wielding a yataghan, employed a far more dangerous weapon in a pair of the most lovely eyes ever, seen. Then, in a most seductive voice' (Leary swore afterwards that he under stood every word, but don't believe him) she asked after her father's wel fare. She spoke in French, and, at any r te the officer of the watch compre hended her, and sent a party with her at once to head quarters. Lord Raglan no sooner hea/d of the heroism she had displayed, in order to join her father, than he gave directions that she should he treated with all possible kindness, and have free access to the prisoner; Her presence was better than all the doctor's stuff to Cons tan tine; he rapidly recovered, bat Eudoxia's duties were not over then. By some stupid mis take, Leary managed to run his re nowned head against a Minie ball, which sadly injured his personal ap pearance, and for some reason or other, Eudoxia insisted on nursing him. It may be that his repeated visits to her father had touched her heart, but what do I know ? All I can say is, that I nursed Sergeant Leary's youngest giil the other day, when I went in for an ounce of tobacco, at a shop; not a hun dred miles. from Leicester Square, and was requested, to wait and see Father Constantine, who has a very comforta ble engagement as interpreter at one of our police courts. With him I smoked a refreshing pipe, and he confirmed all the details of the story I now lay before the reader. THE CONVICT WAIVES.-Tbe Ham ilton Spectator makes the following remarks respecting* Waines, who was recently convicted and ^sentenced to death for what is known as. the Caster ton "murder : -' The antecedents of this man, so far-as they are known, are such aito stamp him as a murderer of no ordinary kind. He wasi a gamekeeper io England^ and dark deeds are btoadly hinted at/ as having occurred in tite woods^ he Was employed to preserve. He was tried ior h;s life lor child murder, and escaped the just penalty of his crime only by a-legal technicality. It is to be hoped he will make an ample 1 confession before his execution, which ! will clear up many mysteries. The propensity to destroy seems to ran it the family, as Waines's brother was convicted and hanged for the crime of murder in England/ SHOCKING SUICIDE AT ALBURY. We are Sorrowfully obliged to report the death of Mr.Brustle who was assis tant for some time in the store of Mr. Fallon, in Kiewa street. Having heard the report as of a match striking, or a gun cap missing fire in the store where Mr. Brustle usually slept, they pro ceeded to the store door, which they* found closed, and their demand for admittance was unattended to. They at once commenced; to force1 the. door, but found it baricadoed, and while removing the obstruction, the deceased threatened to shoot tbe first man ' that approached him. After repeated at-' tempts to discharge a gun, with the muzzle pointed to his mouth, by push ing the trigger with his foot, he seised a revolver, and shot himself in at the ear, the ball comingout atthe lefttem ple.: He died imt&ntly.-rltorder; Post. i COI.ONIAL EXPEBrEfiCK.-A p0CU liarly -colonial tdbleau might have-been seen: on!Friday?at the' gates', oi the.: cenheteryi-A- burial!> party arrived at: thecemetery with a dray bearing the corpse «ofnn adult; the party comprising Several! decently attired men 'Wearing, h&tbandsof; crape. - Arrived at the gate, it was discovered that no;grave had been dug far thei body:, nor any clergy man ^ procured to officiate, although it jWB8 alleged by the burial part; that dne instructions had been given to the authorities! So two u.en were at once told eft todig a grave, others were ;hurried off lor a clergyman, the dray aid corpse remaining at the gate, and the party of mourners lighting their, pipes, whose- consoling influence was kftpt in vigorous use till alter the clergy* man arrived; and ' the dead man was borne into the cemetery. We suppose that so unseemly a blunder and: ;so cool an-employment of1 the' delay thereby occasioned could not very well occur out of the reach of "= colonial experi ence." i" : Cy ? i UWDERWOOD'8 ANTIDOTE.- The Geelong Correspondent of- the Argus givek the following accounti of experi jments made on Monday last by Under iwood The "experiments with Under iwooid-s snakes-this forenoon can ?carcely besaid to have -been-very satisfactory, because one of the fowls that were ;bittien and had the antidote'applied, ; died, while two that' were bitten, and had no antidote rubbed in* appeared to suffer- no bad effects from the- bite. It : is but fair to Underwood*. however, to isay that the only-fowl which died alter the application ot his 3mtidote, died under the following circumstances It: was the first lowl experimented upon, and it was arranged'that the antidote should be applied- as soon as the bite was inflicted. To all appear* arice the snake made a fair bite; but upon minutely examining the bird's comb and wattles, no> blood; could be noticed, aud it became doubtful then if a -proper bite had been inflicted. It Was therefore determined that the anti dote should not be applied until the bird had received a second and lair bite, which - was inflicwd" gomefive or six minutes after the first, the antidote being immediately' rubbed in. The death of the bird, therefore, may be attributable to the first bite-*although it could not ba easily distinguished and not to the inefficacy of the remedy. The: manner in which the-two fowls that were left to their fate retained their usual health and vigour after being bitten may not so easily be accounted tor, unless on the ground that the bites were not sufficiently powerful to cause death-1-a reason rig that might also be applied to those birds that were treated with the antidote. As it is not impos sible that the-two remaining birds may die yet, during the afternoon, it would only be speculation to hazard any opinion- Upon them; but, from; the experiment made with the large carpet snake on two of the six fowls operated upon, where one died within 1 ten minutes, and the other-the one which get the antidote-is still alive and well, and both bites drawing blood, and being to all appearance, good strong ones, I have more confidence in Under wood's antidote than I have yet been inclined to place in it. 