COLONIAL EXTRACTS DnsTitucTtoN or 'J'aiim:-: House. — We re grot to havo to record (he total destruction of this splendid building, so long the residence of the Superintendent in Chief of the property belonging to tho Australian Agricultural Company. During Thursday night last the inmates were alarmed by the fearful cry of fire ; on rushing out the shingled roof was discovered to be in a blaze ; the fire had already made such progress as to reuder any pIKirt tn Rnvn fli n m.-iin lmildimr fruitless. The family, with the few persons present, therefore j used their utmost exertions to save the furniture . and moveables, and we arc happy to say that al, though nt much personal risk from the falling timber, they succeedod in reselling a considerable amount of property from tbe devouring element. !n about three hours after the iirst alarm nothing ?emnined of this line old mansion but a pile of ilackencd walls, Tahlee bouse, embosomed in proves of orange nnd lemon trees, interspersed villi clumps of roses, was situated ou the crest of ; t hill, whose slopes subsided in the waters of Port Stephens, It was built by the Australian Agri :ultural Company as a residence for their Super- . ntendeut in Chief, and long formed one of the' principal ornaments of the district. This fine propeity has but recently pasted into the hands of Mr Manton, who was in Sydney at the time of the fire. By a strange fatality, about twelve months ?ince, the beautiful parsoHage at Stroud was burnt down, and 'Its bare walls may be seen in the centre of tho town, surrounded by a wilderness of fruit-trees and choicc exotics. It is probable that both of these destructive fires originated from the same cause, that is, strong currents of air passing up the tall stacks of well-built ehimuies have carried sparks of fire with them., which have lodged upon tho roof and caused tho mischief. Shingles are the most dangerous roofing that can be' used for stone or brick .edifices, and it will be found that whero this description of roof as in most general use conllagrations have been most frequent and destructive, particularly in ^crowded towns where tho buildings juse tw.o or three .stories high,. — Tuesday's Herald. The M.UUDER at Siioaliiaven, — At the late sittings .of the .Goulburn Circuit Court Thomas Spring uud William Mason, two diggers, were in dicted for the wilful murder of William Witts, at Oallec., on the Slioalhaven River, on the 18th of September last The prisoners were defended by Mr. Blu'ke, After a short time, the Clown Pro secutor said .the witnestes had said so many things consistent with t'lie anuoeence of the prisoners that he did not think it necessary to the ends ofjustice that lie should press the case further. The Judge wishing to have the opinion uf the jury., -the fore- : man said uuless there was further evidence they wero unanimous in ?believing .the prisoners U0( guilty.. The Judge fully concurring, a verdict oj.; not guilty *was .recorded,, .and ithc prisoners w.ere discharged forthwith. j I'jciit j;i:xvEr.N' a Cat as® a -'.V-Vake. — the: other evening ,(says the JCkraiiicle),- a Mrs.. Murphy, residing in Pawamatta, -was arousod by i an utiusua.'! .noise in a part .of her house. Being in bed :a,t the, time, -she immediately gumpod out, and observod her .eat fighting in the room;; she then dosed the door and -went to bed again. In tbe morning she proceeded to unravel the mystery of the previous evauintj, when ^he ivas horror-struck at observing -a large isnake lying dead oil the floor., as well . as the cat — both having been killed in tho struggle. It was thought the snake was brought .to the house iu.aluad of wootL I 'Chinese Mission, Bat.t.aarat. — The com- ! mittec at Ballaarat have published the 'Facts! and Correspondence' connoctod with 'the with- : drawal by tha liishop of Melbourne, of Lo Sam ? Yuen from his hitherto interesting and successful j mission. 'The simple facts are briefly these-.: Lo ' Sam Yuen, the -Chinese Mission Agent, went one, Sunday to the Wesleyan Cburch, Ba'.uarat, and communicated there at the Lord's table. This he j did without invitation, and of his own free wi-11. i Whereupon the Bishop of Melbourne withdrew him from the mission, and employed him else- , where. Wc write this statement with grief, audj refrain from comment. The committee have done ; right 'to ^publish tbe facts. — Wceslmjam Chronicle. : ©laHNATiojr S'eicvice. — A public .service was j held yesterday evening .iu the Wesley an 'Church, | York-street, for the purpose of setting apart to i the work of the Christian Ministry the following : persons, who had been admitted into full connec \ tion with the Australian Wesleyan Meihodis j Conference., and were appointed to circuits int New South Wales and Queensland - — Theophilus j Beaizley, William Curnow, James W. Dowson, i William Fiddler, and William J. Mayne^ and; also Levi Harrison, who had arrived from Eng. . land to proceed to the Fiji mission. Alter sing ing and prayer., the President of the Conference (the Rev, J. Eggleston) conductid the ordination ; service in accordance with the usuages of the, Wesleyan Methodist Church. After- reading seve- ! rul passages of Scripture, appropriate to the oc casion, the prescribed scries of questions, touching; their call to to the work of the Christian Ministry j and their determination to fulfil its obligations, i were put to and satisfactorily answered by the six ! candidates. A few . moments having been set ! apart to silent intercessory prayer, the President gave in turn to each of the candidates a copy of tbe Testament- and the formal charge to receive ' the Holy Ghost, aud to be faitiifal to the trust committted to them. The sacrament of the I Lord's Supper was then administered to them, as well as to tho other ministers present- After a I hymn had bewi sung and prayers offered by the ; Rev. Messrs. HesscI aud Ironside, the President i delivered an address to the six ministers, cnforc- \ ing first the imperative necessity of their main-' taiiiing personal piety, not only for tho promotion i of their own happine s but for the successful per- ; formance of their spiritual engagements; urging : them also not to aim at personal profit in all their social engagements, lest these should degenerate ? into mere official worship. Tliey irere also com mended to the constant acquisition of religious in- | telligence, and to the presetvation-of a single holy aim in all their pulpit ministrations, avoiding the disposition to please rather than to profit, Tliey would have many temptations to personal display, but they must bear in mind that they were to be God's ambassadors, and also intercessors with God on behalf of the people of their charge. Consci entious attention to their pastoral duties was also urced, with the recollection ofthegveat end of the miiiislry. After a short appeal to the congrega tion for their sympathy and prayers on behalf of his ministering brethren, the President stated that the mission vessel wow in Sydney was likely to visit the Fiji? shortly after the arrival of the ling !? , ? ?« MM.- ? ...itl, tl.ano.nl 1J5I3 UJ.l.U mo auiui-i; ^'.hm,hv,u » «uw ??»»»?? devotional exercises. — Tuesday's Herald. Farkwei.!. Scukek ro the Rnv. J. Wats foiiD. — On Wednesday evening last, a farewell soiree was given by tho memb rs of the U'os'oyan body to the Rev. J. Watsfotd, superintendent of the Goulburn circuit. A tea meeting was hold in the schoolroom at 7 p.m. ; the room was crowded, and a part of the company had to be ace.immodnted elsewhere. The meeting ' was a very agreeable one. At eight o'clock, a pnblic meeting was held in the church, when Mr. W. Davies presented an address from tho members of society and -;oiigtc- gation ill Goulburn to Mr. Watsford, and, as an ucccmpuuimciit to tho address, handed him^ a purse containing fifty sovoreigns ; presenting him also with a handsome oleciro-platcd tea service, 'intended for Mrs. Watsford. Tl;e secretary of the Wesleyan Mutual Improvemant Society also road an address from thu members to Mr. Wats ford as tho originator und sustainor of the so ciety ; with i lib; address was presented a hand some silver duplex watch, — 'Juu/buiii Chruitielc. We (Ziiiip/ir) regret to learn that. Mr, Golds borough died ut Goulburn yesterday morning, on Lis way to assume ollice ns Assistant Gold Com missioner nt Kiandra, In which post ho had re cently been promoted from that of SnbCoin missioner. . Experiments in* Tasmania with Siiikes's AntiuotH ion SrtAtiK-p.iTKS. — A corrcpondcnt of the Cornwall Uturlhr, writing from a slntiou on the I.icvcn River oil tbe 10 th instant, gives the following particulars of espEriments made with Shires's antidote for snake-bites ?; — 'The first feat of Shires was to handle bis own snakes, und coil them round his neck, insert their heads iu his mouth, put five in number in his breast, nnd per form other feats which made tbe timid' .ibudder to witness. In performing these feats, however, he was bitten unintentionally by a black sDako, which H measured 1ft, 7 i u . The antidote was immediately applied, and with the exception of a sligbs swel ling, no ill effects resulted. The next feat of Shires was to put his hand into a cask nnd take out a snake which had killed four animals. This' he did with the most perfect coolness, saying an he held it up, f Mi' Fenton, this is your killing,' . . snake.' He then performed the same feat with V that as v.-jtJ) others, h cut was then brought for- I ward, and being bitten by this snake, died. A I second cat being brought, got a very sharp bite, j: the snake leaving one of its fangs in ihe puncture- ' This was exhibited by Shires., and the antidote !.- applied by Mr, Fen ton in a few drops. It np- j pcared only to feel the effects of tl e bite for a few ; minutes. A dog was also bitten by tbe same j snake, und the antidote applied by Shires — no ill effects resulted, Mr. Fenton here expressed him self as being quite satisfied of the tfficacy of S'lires's antidote. Nearly ull the company coin- ' . eided wilh him. Mr. Smith, however, still dubi ous, expressed himself ''to that effect, and ehal^ j lenged Shires to further test his antidote by ano- j ther snake, which lie had in the back ground iu j reserve. Shires accepted his chaJ'engc, The. j snake was brought forward by Mr. Smith, wilh a I looped string on a stick, a more vicious looking 1 reptile no one present ever before belveld, A fowl I was placed before it, was bitten, and dead in a few seconds. Mr. and Sirs, Fenton then, having every confidence iu Shires, volunteered that their house dog., which tliey valued very much, should be bitten by the same snake. The reptile was put to it by Mr. Smith, and the dog bitten. Shires applied tbe antidote, a slight tremor of the frame was visible at first, but otherwise no ill effects resulted, Mr. Fenton here expressed him self fully satisfied of the value of Shir.es's anti dote. 