THE GHOST GATHERINGS OF ARCHIBALD MICHIE, ESQ. Thanks, Michie, thorough master of the rich craft, Of wit and humour, for your lecture thanks, On the philosophy of ghosts and witchcraft, Which of you three the first in interest ranks. I never heard a lecture I lik'd better, If lecture's the right name to call it by, And for much laughter am your grateful debtor, * i Of' which you gave a bountiful supply. Certes, if any wight at the Mechanics, Had ever been afflicted with ghost panics, Soon as your words into his ear made entry, He must have scoff d at those uncommon gentry. None hereafter, sure, need fear that spirits vapoury, With ashen face, and hollow voice, and drapery Of woollen cloth, or velvet, silk, or dimity, Will at his bedside stand in close proximity Or think that Cochin Chinas, Dorkings, Bantams, Have in their crow a power to scare hence phantoms. And though Sir Thomas Browne, Sir Matthew Hale, And other worthies might at witches rail, And cause themtb he burnt and dragg'd through ditches There's n6 chance now old dames will be deem'd witches In fact, belief in them's compleetly gone, - ' No broomstick leftfor them tonde upon. So far so good: hut, Sir, had you applied To volumes which your Library contains, Your subject you might much have amplified. By instances that had repaid your pains. Lord Lyttietoh and Lady Beresford, Might in your catalogue have found a place, For Caesar's spirit is, upon my word, A veryveherable, threadbare case; And htfone e'er began ghost lore to con Without encountering the wife of Donne, Why not have sought our interest to stir "In Ficolai the Trankfort "bookseller, In Blake the painter, who was wont to see • • Ghosts.of all kinds, of high and low degree, From Heaven-renounced Iscariot to a ftea; In Coleridge, whose belief m ghosts was lost, Because so manyhad Ms vision cross d; In the French Henryand the shado wy knife Of BavaiUac, impending o'er his lite With many other instances of note Which 'tis perhaps, not needful I should quote. Instead of this, Sir, you preferred to deal "With the supposititious Mrs. veal, A subtle sham invented by Defoe;- > To help a book firom Paternoster Row, And3strive,and not in vain, to make us snigger At Dicken's imaginary figure, An old chest's spiritual tenant, lurking About a place where evil had been working. A tale well suited to the author's bent, Which never fails when 'twould raise merriment. But Dickens, as you know as well as I, Is by no means our earliest ghost derider ; How many long ago have had a shy At the grimbeckoner and midnight glider,— That Cock-lane ghost which Samuel Johnson put Such mighty faith in, was by Samuel Foote Held up to scorn and food for laughter made: For Foote was not "particular to a shade." I marvel, Mr. Michie, much that you A man of humour and a lawyer too, (If it had fallen under your espial) Had not refresh'd us" with that famous trial.* * Mr. Punch is tempted to give an extract from the trial referred to, which would have found its fittest place in Mr. Michie's lecture. Justice-. Read the indictments Clerk: (reads) Middlesex to wit, Fanny Phantom, you are indicted that, on or before the first day of January, 1762, you the said Fanny did, in a certain house, in a' certain street, called Cock Lane, in the county of Middlesex, maliciously, treacherously, wickedly, and wilfully,'by certain thumpings, knocking?, scratchings, and flutterings against doors, walls, wainscots, bedsteads and bedposts, disturb, annoy, assault, and terrify divers innocent, inoffensive, harmless, quiet simple people, residing in, at. near or aboutthe said Cock Lane, and elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, to the great prejudice of said people in said County. How say you ? Guilty, or— Counsel: (stops the. Cl'erh short) May it please your worship—hem— I am counsel in this cause for the ghost—hem—and before I can permit her to plead, I have an objection to make, that is—hem—I shall object to her pleading at all. Hem-it is the standing law of this country-hem—and has—hem always been so allowed, deemed and practised, that—hem—all criminals should be tried per pares, by their equals—hem—that is—hem-by a jury of equal rank with themselves. Now, if this be the case, as the case it is . I—hem-I should be glad to know how ray client can bs tried in this manner. And first, who is my client ? She is in the indictment called a phantom, a ghost. What is a ghost ? a spirit. What is a spirit ? A spirit is a thing that exists independently of, and is superior to, flesh and blood. And can any one think that I can advise my client to submit to be tried by people of an inferior soul to hersell? Certainly no: I therefore humblv move to quash this indictment, unless a jury of ghosts be first had" and obtained—unless a jury of ghosts be first had and obtained. C sits down.) Serjeant: " I am in this cause counsel against Fanny Phantom, the ghost—ah—and notwithstanding the rule laid down by Mr. Prosequi, he—ah—right in the main, yet here it can't avail his client a whjt. We allow—ah-we do allow, please your worships, that Fanny, quoad Phantom,—ah-had originally a right to a jury of ghosts but—ah—if she did by any act of her own forfeit this right, her plea cannot be admitted." - The Serjeant then goes on to contend that Fanny, by committing the physical operation of scratching, &c.;, had waved her privilege as a ghost, and the Justice rules that she has do ne so, remarking ,- " Besides,- ah-besides, T, I, I can't well see how ire could impanel a jury of ghosts -, or, ah-how twelve spirits, who have nobody at all, can be said to take a corporal oath, as required.by law, unless, indeed, as in case of the peerage, the prisoner may be tried on their h °The Council n o w calls witnesses to prove an alibi, and their evidence having been heard, , Counsel.—I hope, please your worship, we have sufficiently established an alibi. . , . , Justice: You are unquestionably entitled to a jury of ghosts. Council: Mr.Serjeant, you will provide us'^ list ? Serjeant: Let us see. You have no objection to Sir George Villiers \- the evil genius of Brutus ; the ghost of Banquo, Mrs. Veal. Counsel: We object to a woman, your worslup. , . ori Justice • Why, it is not the practice • this, it must be owned, is an extraordinary case. But, however, if on convicdon tbe phantom S plead being enciente, Mrs. Veal will be admitted on the jury of matrons. • l The OratorsAct n. Science, you tell us, and intelligence, Ad vane'd of late years, have so thrown their light ahout, That they have scatter'd ghosts and witches hence, And sent all superstitions to the right about. Be not so sure of that ; with wit you prime Your howitzers, and aim at William Howitt, But still men's pulses keep unequal time, Reading his tales, if they would hut avow it. - Talk as we will, though we withhold belief, Fancy sometimes will enter like a thief Into our minds, and steal our reason thence, Making us slaves to our excited sense. Is it so sure our faith is past recal, Then wherefore, pray, should Hamlet's ghost appal ? Is that so certain, Sir.-which you maintain, That were our Shakspeare raised to life again, He would be apt witches and ghosts to snub, Thinking them worn out fictions?—there's the rub If so, then monstrously did Coleridge err, When to us wiser moderns he presented " Christnbel" and the " Ancient Mariner," And Mrs. Shelley fail'd when she invented That tale we all should laugh at—"Frankenstein;" And we perforce to merriment incline, And from our breasts all vulgar feelings oust, When we are in the thick of Goethe's "Faust." Come, Sir, let's leave this question as we found it, For many hesitations still surround it: Reason denies our ghosts without regret, But the soul cleaves towards them yet; Meanwhile,: ghosts daily pass before our eyes, Which we should do our best to exorcise;. Ghosts, too, whose power is felt and understood, Though they were never cloth'd in flesh and blood; Ghosts that create a great deal of confusion, Though every one's a sham and an illusion. The squatter has a ghost who makes him shy And fearful of uncurb'd democracy, The democrat a ghost, who hints the squatter, Ought to be sent to—no, to some place hotter; And for religion, government, and law, Each has its ghost of whom each stands in awe. These are real ghosts, false, guileful, dodgy, tricky, And these we must get rid of, Mister Miehie. 