HUNTING. JTOXIf X MMl) DAY -»!? THE W.1I.C. ?, AflfSB «. A.IVIS 1V.K.C. HOSJDfnN. ,' DnAB. -Bell,— On Thursday, in last week, this long talltcd-of reunion took plnco n't Geelong, and resulted in a rattling day's hunting. Before, however, entering upon a narrativo of the ovents of tho chnse, I must say a few words onent tho unfortunnto death of the lamented Mr. Paris, on the previous Saturday, as thorehave ken persons unkind enough to remark that 'the lato meet was a disrespect to his memory, beinc so soon after tho sad accident. It must bo borne in mind that this gentleman's fall happened after the hunt was over, and whilst what is commonly termed 'sky-larking,' so that the event had nothing to do with legitimato fol lowing of the hounds. As, therefore, tho invitation of tho . Gcclong Hunt Club had been accepted lome days previously by the Melbournites, and pre parations made on both side.', the Geelong men thought it would upset the arrangements of tho M.H.C. if tho affair wero put off in consideration of the decearo of a comparative stranger to tbo visitors. They thercforo forwarded their wish that tho 'joint field-day' should take placo as announced. Moreover, owing to tho recent squabble about a scurrilous epistlo against the club, tho 6\. and W.H.C. members wero rather out of sorts, and it was considered thnt any derangement in their plans for tho season would havo so discouraging an cfl'ect as to entail serious consequences; whilst, on tho contrary, tho visit of their Melbourne frlonds, nnd the painful event that had just occurred, would cause all to forget past grievances, and to renew that grasp of kindness which all true sportsmen should be as willing to offer as to ?take. ? Having, in justice to all parties, given this ex planation in proof that tlio' gathering was not looked upon as a jollification, the' Ghest' will nowprocced with his customary chronicle. ; ? By tho middle-day train on Wednesday, tho Melbourne pack, and 'several of the best hunturs, proceeded ??? to Geelong, somo of the members accompanying ? them, but the majority waiting till tho afternoon train, by which also another horso was sent The mail train, by special favour, also brought two moro nags and their owners. Ilavingseen, on arrival, that tho equine and canine quadrupeds wero comfortably stowed at Mr. Harry Howell's excellent stables, and being qulto contented that under thechargo of that individual they would be ' to rights ' in the m«rn ingwe proc- eded to tako up our own quarters at Gos ling's british.hotel. Here we found- several of tho Geelong spsrtsmen waiting to receive us, and scarce had greetings nnd 'bitters' passed ? round, when dinner was announced. Beyond a silent pledging of one anothoi, not an attempt was made at 'toast' drinking ; and, tho moment the chase had been discussed, Mr. W'. Fraser, the chairman, made a move from the table in a manner that was understood and appreciated Round a blaring fire in the coffee room wo then nssem bled, and though it is not to be denied that we took our toddy, yet the entire subject of conversation was poor Faris, and in heartfelt words of sorrow each man that had known him spoke of his former life, and the grievous cutting oft in the flower of his age. It seemed that ho had beon begged not to continue jumping, but persisted in proving the qualities of his horso ; and, having taken a stone wall in a direction towards home, turned his tired animal hack for another leap. There being Beveral loose stones on the ground, and tho horse unwilling to jump awav from his companions, caused tho fatal catastrophe. When he fell a laugh was raised, and ho was told it served him right: but when ho did net stir, and his friends therefore went to pick him up, the laugh was changed to a bitter pang, for he onlr licaved ono sigh, and then expired in their arms.' Hcquicscalinpacel At sharp six in the morning Mr.1 Gosling had a hunger-provoking breakfast ready, and with eyes half open, but breeches and boots natheless as ntatly put on as it fixed (Jonathan's phrase) over-night, tho fellows camo strangling downstairs one or two at a time. Hot coffee and ham-and-eggs soon made them serene, and at half-past six Mr. Wntson issued his usual mandate of 'Now then, boys! who's for off?' Previously to sallying forth, Mr. Frnser conducted the party into an adjoining room, and strips of black crape were handed to each to bind round his left arm as a token of mourning for tbe departed. I may hero ;mcntion, also, that even-body In the field, whether in scarlet or mufti, paid this only compliment left in their power to poor Faris. As the distance of the meet was a long ten miles most of tho crack htrses had been led on, and tho large party of cavaliers divided themselves ont Into a various lot of dog-carts, buggies, et hoe genus omne. The scene along the Queeascliff road was somethicfg like the oft recorded 'going to the races,' so numerous and diver sified were the vehicles and quadrupeds that wended their w»y towards Wallington, and tho morning being beautifully bright and bracing, tho effect was quito ex hilirating. About six- milos from tbo town we overtook the M.Ii.O. hoiinds.and soon afterwards they joined tho Geelong pack, Mr. Green being so ill as to be obliged to drive, and tho Lilliputian whip riding his tall grev to cover. In pleasant chat we jogged along— hounds, horses, and traps all in a ruck— until we reached the trysting placo soon after eight o'clock. Hero we found a number of horsemen assembled, and in a very few minutes Mr. Watson gave tho word to 'mount and away.' This occasioned a little bustle and {Tumbling, as all the hunters had not come up ; but our master's law, liko that »f tho 'Medes and Persians, altcreth not,' nnd tho atart was made. - Immedintelv bevond 'the Wallington Inn, a lino was taken through tlio bush to tho right, kangaroo being generally plentiful in some grasi- treo paddocks In that direction. On counting the cavalcade at this time, thero were sixty three horsemen, about thirty of whom were in orthodox 'pink,' and a largo number wero mounted on first-class cattle. Amongst the cross-country nags were Jumbo, Mocklng Bird, Seventy-four, Jubu-, Chance, Kick-up-the-duBt, Long Dog, Prlnco Albert, Nimrod, The Don, Charlton, Sydney, Half caste, and Hieover ; but several good-looking quadiupeds, unknown to fame, wero a credit to the field, and others, alboit not over likely in appearance, performed astonishingly woll. Just as the bounds wero thrown forward with a cheerful ' llio In, there 1' it was found, by accidentally looking at a watch, that we had started before the time namod, and hence it was that several leading members of the Gee long Hunt, who had beon positively expected, had not put in nn appcaranco. This mistake arose from Mr. Wat son supposing tho fixture was for eight, his U'tial tlmo, instoad of tho half.past eight advertised, and he thought he had givon law, instead of 'taking time by tho fore lock.' Though regretting tho circumstance', it was too late to holp it, and the hunt necessarily proceeded. For nearly two hours the scrub and paddocks were drawn ovor in vain,. no long-tailed-'un being found at home, and discontent began to lower our countenances, as beyond a casual easy jump, no fun had been obtained. Determined not to bo balked, Anthony Green advised an adjournment to .Bellerino, some four miles on the other side of the country, and thither accordingly wo sped at a sharpish trot: Whilst on. tho main road, a farmer's cart, accompanied by a colly dbg, came in view, and the said dog, being somowhut alarmed at tho ap .proaching array, turned tail and scampered. This was too much for. tho equanimity of the pack; who, not knowing but the cur wbs of the genus dingo, followed noisily in pursuit. Then ensued a hustling fceno in deed. 'No sotnor woreone division flogged off tho yelp ing stranger, than another bolted after him. as he slunk away; and Molbourno hounds not knowing tho Geelong huntsman, nor tho Geelong pack' the Molbonrno whips*, it:was a difficult task to check their unrulincsi To add to tho riot, tho horse in the cart, being a colt, turned fractious, and it took all tho farmer's hands and voice to keep him from bolting; whilst his unfortunate better half, who was seated In the machine, fainted away in terror lest hor good man should share, the. fate of Jezobol. Little Robinson; who, had- jumped off Half-Costo to castlgato tho 'ilngloadors of the disturbance,' now' hap-: penod to let go his roin, and tho naughty steed gallored offJnto tho bush, a scoro of riders giving him chnse. This put a cllmare on tho hubbub ; but luckily1 ihe run away was scon caught, and th-i cause of. tho flare-up having been bundled out of the way Into tho cart, no thing romained but to restore tho ' aflllcf ed female.' A littlo spiritual consolation, administered from the Bide pockot of our friend Frnser, ncted ns a cordial balinrfenn* wo then ' harked forward 1' In a fow minutes, M es?rs.' \\\ atson and Green led us over n fenco to tho left of thq road, and another jump brought us into Williamson's paddock. Hero, in n braco of shnkes, the darlinrt be--'' gan tofcathor, and beforo ono had time to say 'Jack Robmson,' down went their heads, up went tho'ir sterns, nnd with buckles erect thoy burst into a melodious chorus that mado tho forest echo, and the blood thrill in our veins. ' Ma conscionco,' as Iinilio \ ll-n .Tfii'v,rt am, 0 ,,.l,n, „ nAnn .L ? ., ? t. _ i ~n* _» _.l.i what a merry dance they led us for a wido double ring uf about oleven miles! Crashing through largo trees ami higlMvnttlo scrub, popping ovor perpetual dead timlicr, steering out of tho way ofBtumps, and clearing a con stant succojsion of booming log fencos, wo rattled nwnv in 'most admired confusion,' for each man ha'd to pick iiis way how he could, and lucky wero tho rear Kuaid| if they could got nn occa sional glimpse. of a red cont ns a guide. It was renllv mirprislng how well the horses junweu the nr.-k. wxrd. fences, and how few spills and scrambles thero were. Ouo pony, about thirteen hands high wnsnlwavs soinowhcro about at tho momentary checks, thou-h with twelve stono on his baok ? but how he ever managed it unless by trawling under or through liko a enake, dc p;nont canuot make out. Woll, to tell every twist nud tarn,; and doable, and loiip, and balk, would puzzlo the memory of tho' celebrated calculating boyj !- ? so suffice to say that at last we viewed our qnarry into » ' water-holo, and as it wns bellows to mend with man and ' ? borso! all gladly rejoiced at tho 'tally-ho' which pro-; mised a speedy death aftor so sharp a run. Yet, strange to say, although tho leading hounds took tho water almost directly tho kangaroo left it, thoy c mid not fol- I low tho scent 011. This, by-thebye, is not so strango - after nil, for all who have been in the habit of hunting much in thesecolonies must have found out thata dying * kangaroo, when wet, leaves no trail to speak of. After ' '' a cast or two, the hounds wero lifted onwards over a a rasping fenco, that many did not fancy .much (and throo , or four not at all), and the adjoining .paddocks were , v tried. But it was soon evident that wo had miscalcu lated, and a push was therefore mado forward In search of fresh game. At this lato period of the day, seveial ' leading members of tho Geolong Hunt, whoso non appcaranco I have previously regretted, camo cantering up, having vainly ' beat about tbo bush 'for more than four hours. A few little canters, on cold scents, wero ' obtained, but as nothing was started, and tho afternoon now far advanced, it was judged prudent to commence tbo eighteen miles journey back to head quarters. A steeple -chasing gallop brought us to Wnllington, whero the traps had been 1 left, by about three o'clock, and the Melbourne pact: 1 were immediately sent off so as to catch the train. As ' for tho biped.', they had s»mo much-needed liquid and - solid refreshments, and those who had been fortunato ^ enougu 10 maKQ mo necessary arrangements nnu uicir - tired quadrupeds led to Geelong, and bowled back comfortably themselves in sundry easy-riding buggies. ' Before quitting, though, a 'wheo-oon' was heard: in the road, and coon the individuals beforo mentioned ' as not particularly caring about chancing a stifiish fence, were seen approaching right merrily, with tlio hunted kangaroo in front of one of their saddles, iltseemsthat in riding along tbo said fence, they stumbled over him ' lying dead beat, nnd knocked him on the head. This was scarcelv sportsmanlike, but was certainly meant for the best. Still, had they managed to let us know where ' the chap lay, which might have been done without much trouble, as wo were so near,-.it would have made a moro ' satisfactory termination to tho day's successful chase. '- In conclusion.. I ought perhaps, to say a few words ' on tho comparative merits of the two packs; ''' ' but I do not ? *eo - how - to do so: fairly, . i\ for there was bo criterion to go over such a line. ir It must bo granted, however, that the G.clong hounds are a nice little lot, being full of music, powomed of a good sbaro cf pace (especially Slnsl.or nnd Rr.sobud), industrious on a cold tccul, nnd brought out in good condition. It is to be hoped they will soon have a return t ' flutter' with ours over some grass, arid posts-ond-rnils 1 and the n the 'Ghrtt' will do them tho Justice they decerve To Mr. Green gieat praise is due for tho 1 pluck ho rode with all day, although in such pain, that ! few mob could havo been Umpted to sit in a saddle. Mr. Wntfon, though in n strange country, stuck to Li- work manfully, and was always at hnud to cheer on his dar lings. Those who tvtra most fo'Wnrd duriucr tho ran * wore Mri Cowell on Mocking Bird, Mr. Frsser on Chance, and Sam Wnldock on Chnrlton ; but on un- ' commonly larija number held their own surprisingly, and thcBellenno farmers showed out iu style, never funkirg a frnce, and always scowing over in somo (?hapo or oth.r. Ono gentleman, Mr. U., camo all tho way from Ballaarat on purpose, nnd rode capitally. Many incidents have been omittted, no doubt, but M the y.irn has boon spun pretty lone already, it must con be cut short by NIMROD'd GHOST- 1 