THE UNITED STATE8. [PBOH TOT TIMBS OOBnEBTONDENT,]*^ j^1 New York, Juno.C. MB.- SDMNKB, of Massachusetts,/'who^a's so brutally atruok down in the Senate fonr years .aeo.by_Mr.J3xooks,.of.South-Carolina, revenged ' himself ^yesterday, in «the same body,/mtbe¡ first Bpeeclv which ? he has' delivered 'sinco the -oration-that-cauBed -the-former 'assault; "This" speech, entitled ,"theMBarbarism of Slavery,'] eis, too,"remarkable to, be, passed by. ; A. more ^studied,insult,^p.Southern slaveholding.; mem- bers, Who compose nearly one-half of the body, in which, tho speech' was' delivered-a, more ^tf^erative .'. attack ,uppri the\ instiiutiqn--^-a| ¿moro bitter, galling, personal assault, can hardly obo imagined. ? Hear,'for instance, what he sayd ~of slavery;' bearing in' mind that'one-half ;of . the gentlemen who listened'tb nim were ,slaved holders:-- - ,, ;< ??? .;..< . ft* " ' """ j ín Í'Look at it in the light of principle, and it is ¿nothing less than a huge insurrection against .-'ihtf ^eternar law of God, ' involving ' in. its 'pre^ tensions j the .denial ;of- all. human rights,,and r>also the denial of th« Divine law, in which God ^himself is manifest, thus being practically 'the "grossest lie and the grossest Atheism.' Founded in violence, sustained ; only by violence, such ' a r¡ wrong must by a sure law. ot compensation, blast the master as well as the slave ; blast the ( lands on which-they live ; blast the community .lof. which, they ore a part; blast . tho Govérn ! ment which does not forbid the outrage; and tho longer it exists and i the more completely it .prevails,must its' blasting influences penetrate the whole social system. 'Barbarous' in origin ; barbarous in its law; barbarous in all its pre -tensions; barbarous in the ? instruments it employs ; barbarous in consequences ; barbarous ..int, spirit I'lharbarous .wherever it'she ws, .itself, Slavery must breed barbarians, while it, develops everywhere, alike'in the¡ individual, and In the . society , of() which " he forms a part, tho ' essential elements '",",'of "' barbarism. In this character it is now conspicuous before the world. In undertaking now to expose tho, barbarism of slavery the whole broad field l'is "open before ino. There is nothing in its character, its manifold wrongs, its wretched re- sults, and especially in its influence on the class who claim'to be ' ennobled' by it, that will not fall naturally, under considération. Slavery is à bloody touch-me-not, and everywhere in sight now blooms the bloody flower. It is on the wayside as wo .approach the national Capitol; it is on ; the, marble steps which we mount ;.. it flaunts on this floor. I stand now in the house of its friends. > About me, while I speak, are, its most sensitive ' guardians, who have, shewn in the, past how much .they' are ready either to. do or not,to do where stavery is, \- in question. Menaces to deter me have not 'been spared. But I should ill deserve this high \- poBtr''of duty here,'with' which T have' been .'honoured by a' generous and enlightened peppje, _if_I_could-hesitate. -Idolatry has' been often iicxposed tin .tho presence of idolaters,, and .hy- pocrisy bas been chastised in the presence of Scribes.and Pharisees." - ?<>?'?. \---Fancy, too, such language as tho following in ¿such ápresence:-. . - , ,f r / ? " From its homo in Africa, where it is sus- tained by immémorial usage," this' barbarism, >-thus derived and thus developed,'traversed the i .ocean to American soil. . It entered ou, board .5»that fatal .slave-ship, 'built-in the* eclipse and' rigged with curses dark,' which in; 1020 landed "'its cruel cargo at Jamestown,' in Virginia j and "it has boldly.taken ita.place in every.succeeding slave-ship from;that.early day till now-helping! "to pack the humad freight, regardless of human '¿.agony ; its countless victims plunged beneath _jjhe waves; -and it has left the slave-ship only' >rto(tfávériñsép5ráble" its Nva 'I rious-dbom, sanctioning hy itB barbarous code ' every outrage, whether of mayhem or robbery, -of-lash or lust, and- fastening-itself upon bis -" offspring to tho i remotest' generation. Thus . are. the barbarous ' prerogatives > ot barbarous "Afí.'íñE ?î?.'0^a PPrP£î!l*Jted _»°. American slave-. "ma*sters,"whilo, the senator from ",yirginiaT(¡VTr. .rfMason), /perhaps unconscious of their origin, .s-perhaps dtsirous to secure for them the . ap pear-, ance of a less barbarous'pedigree, tricks them " but with a phrasé of tho Roman law; discarded 1 by ttíe common law, partú»_seqúitvr\ventrem, which r- simply-renders into ancient Latin, un existing ' «rule 'of African barbarism, recognised as an .^existing¡rale of American slavery. Such is the . plain judioial origin of ihé American slave cede,' .-which is now vaunted, as a badge of civilisa íí vtóon. But all law, whatever may bo its judicial origin, whether English or Mahomedan, Bo- dman,or. African,' may be traced, to other and ampler influences in nature, sometimes of right t' and'sometimes of wrong. Surely the law which' blasted the slave 'trade as1 piracy, punishable 'with death,.had a, differentinspiration from' ,. that olher,lttw, which seourod immunity for the ^slave' trade /throughout, an .immense territory r and ' invested' its , 'supporters !, with'. political .power. As there is a higher law above, sq . - thoro is a lower law below, and each ÍB felt in human affairs." ' Ono moro extract : 1 " Violence, brutality,4 injustice, barbarism , must bo reproduced in the lives pf all who live .. within their fatal sphere., The meat -that is' . oaten by man entere, into and becomes a part of his body; the madder which is eaten by a dog changes his bones to red ; and this slavery on which men live, in all its fivefold foulness, \- must become a part of themselves, discolouring . their very souls, blotting their characters, and . breaking forth in moral leprosy. This lan- guage is strong ; . but the 'evidence is even Btronger. - Some there may be of happy natures -like honourable senators-who,can thus feel and not be harmed. Mithridates fed on poison ' and lived ; and it may bo that there is a moral Mithridates, who can swallow without bario the . poison of slavery. Instead of ' ennobling* the master, nothing can. be clearer, than that tho slave drags his master down ; .and this process . begins in childhood and is continued through life. Living much in association with his slave. . tho master finds nothing to remind him of hts own, deficiencies, 'to prompt his ambition or excite lils shamo. Without these provocations to virtue, and without an elevated example, he naturally shares tho barbarism of tho society which ho keeps. Thus tho very inferiority which the slavamnster attributes to tlie African race explains tho melancholy condition of tho communities in which his degradation is doolarod by law." Hioks, atlas Johnson, who had beon sen* tenced to doath for tho murder of the captain and crew of tho oyster sloop E. N. Johnson, had cleared the matter up by a eon* fossion. He stated that the murdor took place between 0 and 10 o'clock at night on the 10th or 20th of March ; that there wore fivo persons on board tho vessel at the time--viz., Captain Barr, tho two Watts boys and the " devil." Ono of tho Watts boys was at the bow on tho look- out, and ho and the " devil" despatched him by a.blow upon the head with a.beavy.inBtrumont.. tjme, }uMpwnfö> jc$ming| ' §ip; x'to j pee what^àused^ '^we/'^hé soid,i de's pátohed^tiim ih^thy^same *way ¿hat hve£did his brother. " We'^then, be said, proceeded to the-cabin,--and~with-an-axe-attacked 'Captain Burr. He was a powerful man and fought desperately,_but^ " we" finally dispatched him. "He "left the bodies on""the* deök'lblTaböufän hour, and then threw them overbbarä. «' When! asked how he felt after the murder while aloha kt sea, he replied '.that'the deyil Kad su'stàinedj bim but had now. deserted him.-.. He, stated that he had heard: that one of the bodies had been' found,' but did not believe in it, as they werej buried 60 ' miles' put 'at séa.,''JHe'1,alsó confessed having been concerned in the mutiny and murders on board tho ship Saladin'in 1844,' near tho coast pf Nova Scotia, but gave no par-j (ticulars.() HicUs '(was engaged, in .dictating a hidtory of his'life'and exploits,' which' was to bo published in a pamphlet .form sion after his execution for the benefit of his widow. He was to7 be ' hiing"on - the 18th.. The murderer's brother had written , to. the,, counsel for the defence, stating that the evidence was so con-' elusive that.he would not hesitate to sign the death warrant. He also says, " Though it pains ma to the heart when I reflect on his con- dition, yet when in'my" imagination I see the ghost of Captain JBurr.aridthOjtwo Watta hoys arise from their' watery beds and point ' to him as the]' unmistakable cause,-and when. I contémplate me anguish and suffering of the friends of these murdered mon, all my finer feel- ings vanish, and I sincerely hope he will never escape through the weakness pf the law." , ,A correspondent en board the United States' steamer Crusader furnishes: thc Nero York Herald with an account of her cruise, and the capture of a slaver without a name. He writes : " For seven days we encountered squally weather, but nevertheless kept up a strict blockade at the eastern entrance, of the old Bahama channel. Nothing was allowed to pass'unexamined, and some sixty vessels were overhauled in one week-in fact, all thai passed. On Wednesday,' the 23rd, Captain Maffitt determined to anticipate the arrival of. vessels, so he started off towards Neuvitas.'butat 10 a.m. the work commenced in style. Vessel after vessel was chased, overhauled, and being honest, passed. At 12, general suspicion was drawn towards a large barque, some miles to the southward and eastward. Our hands were full, as the vessels were''numerous and scattered over a large space, but Captain Moffitt con- cluded to try, the character of the barque., Sp. under English colours we bore down. She hoisted a tattered French flag, but the moment we, rounded.,to and hoisted pur own flag, ho lowered the French (which he had' aloft only a few moments), fied it with his private, papers to a 401b. lead, abd sunk thom.. . We .waited for him to shot his flag, but he declined so doing. Lieutena nt Duncan boarded him,-asked him for his papers,'and under what flag ho sailed; « I have no,papers, ho flag, no name.' 4 Then, Sir, I am .ordered to capture you.' 'I expect it,' Sir,;, the risk was rnh for money, and here it ends-in failure/ At this - moment the negroes rushed on deck by hundreds; thé boarding crew cheered, 'and from ' the anxious decks pf the Crusader the cheer was answered back most .heartily. . The I admirable discipline of the Crusader was now conspicuous. Captain Maf .fit(orderodthe iprisbñérs'-td be brought on.böärd. A prize/crow was despatched,, and Lieutenants Duncan and Bonham and Mr. iKonnedy were sent in charge. 'The ' negroes . manifested the most ^frenzied delight, cheered, ; yelled, and .clapped,, 'their/ hands ; ,it seemed ;- as if' Pandemonium was let loose. - But, in twenty, 'minutes silence - and order were obtained ; and much io\ "the .astonishment bf all, hands, pff^darted the Griisaderbn,another chase, ending in' the inspection bf a transport.. She returned and took her prize in tow for Key West. 'The prisoners'stated that mb Mohawk had passed^ them on Tuesday. The captain saw her boarding vessels off- Neuvitas' -Tho captain of the barque is apparently a Frenchman (he speaks English well) ; -is of pleasant "and, gentlemanly deportment, with the amusing philosophy, nnd sangfroid ¡ot his race.. When he came on hoard Captain ' Maffitt addressed him thus, ' You declined to manifest your nationality! Sir?" 'I have nb'flag,'no name, no papers;11 "ara a slaver, Sir. and now''your prisoner" . .' Is that all you have _to sky in're fercnco . ; to ; this, . capturo V , , ' Thdt is, all, Sir,' The crew, of the barque are rather hetorogenous in their ap- pearance J and . nationality. "¡One or; two may be ; English ' or ' Americans ; but' they are ' not going to'« blab'-anything, though they asked in the old Saxon, vernadular,,'Where , shall .wo get our 'grog, 'Sirf'< , The captain and supercargo' were inyitod intothe WMd^room' moss, and in a few "houri"weiro ,,quito at homo, laughing arid talking as if it was, à, devilish good'joke'. JMx* Lewis, the'supercargo, resides near i Paris, is ja man pf moans, and has made 80veral (succes8ful runs of'Afric'dhs' into ?Cuba;1 A0f,wíj¡at nation'he is rio ono "cari toll'.' "Ho ' speaks Briglish well,' and might t be - taken for a Yankee galvanised into aFreaotíman or Spaniafd/as circumstances might dictate.1, ' The; negroes . ;are in a fine healthy condition, arid were purchased from tho King of Dahomey, at Wydah. They were pris- oners of war." ' ' >( ;. .' j 