LITERARY. Mn. CHARLES READE, the popular novelist, has put forth a manifesto to the press of rather indefinite purport. It seems to express plenty of indignation generally at the critical notices of "It is Never too Late to Mend," and winds up with the startling intimation that Mr. Reade "cannot afford to throw great stones at little birds. He cannot write a book merely to expose our heartless ass and five or six echos." Abe expounders see in those Orphic utterances promise of a now edition of the book, supported by proofs of its prison revelations.' Dr. William Bell is preparing a book that will not fail to attract attention, undor tho title, " Three Missing Years in tho Life of Shakspere." From external and internal evidence he considers the fact proved that Shakspere spent some time in Germany, having " fled his native country' 'to escape the vengeance of Sir Thomas Lacy. He says : " Perhaps the strongest proof of Shakspere's residence and studios in Germany are subjective ones, from his own works. Hints of German manners, allusions to German Usages and mythology, use of German words, phrases, and constructions in a sense unusual before him, aro frequent, and ore thorough stumbling-blocks to commentators from tho ignorance, not merely of "modern Ger- manisms, but of tho low dialect of the language formerly in universal uso." Messrs. Griffin and Co., of Glasgow, aro pre- paring a "Hand-Bookof Contemporary Biogra- phy," on tho plan of stating facts-not attempt- ing estimât os, or venturing on opinions. Such a plan, well carried out, will produco a manual whose use is evident to all-contemporary bio- graphy being generally tho most difficult class to investigate. Memoirs of living celebrities, however new, are admittod in Knight's English Cyclopredia of Biography, tho Now American Gyclopodia, and Didot's Biographie Genomic. Still romarkablo mon spring up faster than they, can bo recorded, and a supplement is already published to Vapereau's hugo drag-not of living notabilities, which appoared in Paris less than a year ago. Tho large salo attained by tho "Now Ameri- can Cyclopredia," while yot in progross (13,000 copies), is a testimony to tho punctuality and strict adhoronco to businoss arrangements which have marked ' its issue. Within two years from tho appearance of the first volume, seven volumes aro doltverod to subscribers, every line being original. The moro collection and arrangement of so great a mass of matter in. this limited time would bo romarkablo, butin this caso thoro is tho additional labour in- volved in tho fact, that the aggregate is com- posed of portions written by.contributors from every Stato in Ino Union, and often by mon who aro' not to be hurried in their work, as tho, published list of authors will readily show. By this economy of timo, a hom- ogeneous work is producod freo from tho usual roproaoh of Cyclopedias that, from tho long interval botwoon tho commencing and the ond, one-half of tho work is inapplicable to oxisting facts. . Mr. Harrison Ainsworth has written a positivo contradiction to tho statomont of Dr. Shelton Mackonzio, that Dr. Maginn was tho author of tho woll-knöwn and spiritod ballads introduced in tho novel of " Rookwood," Mr. Ainsworth says : " Thoro is - not a, word of truth ia Dr. Mackenzie's statement. Dr. Maginn novor wroto ono lino of " Rookwood," toxt or ballads. A proceeding liko tho prosont would havo fl.lod him with disgust and indigna- tion. In putting forward this unwarrant- able statement, Dr. Sholton Mackonzio has committed an act of gross injustico toward tho momory of Dr. Maginn, ns woll as toward my solf, and is bound to mako ovory reparation in his powor." Tho lottor appears in Noten ami Queriet. In tho, samo numbor anothor corrojpondont spooks bf '.'tho lato Dr. Mackon zio ;" so that» from tho London stand-point (ns tho Germain1! say), Mr. Ainaworth's call for re- paration is .rjUior. unronsónablo. "Gan a ghost apologise ? . '""fofl William Smith, editor of the valuable si Trio? of^îcUônïrToâ",bf* Cldssicar'Blogrâph; Antiquities, dud Geography, is about -conclut ;ng- his Uahou s ¡-by tho :?'publication o" . : " Die ionary ol Hiblieal Antiquities, Biography Geography,- and :NAtur*l History.'' "It wi extend 1 to?> two volumes,one of which ' i prom'sèd 'for' the present season by Mr. Mui ray. A largo stun wasbffored for tho advanc sheets, with the object of incorporating th mtterials in the " Gyclopodia of Bib!¡ex Theological; and Ecclesiastical Literature, long in preparation by Drs. Mcclintock am Strong (to be issued by Messr3. Harper), bu it will probably bo for salo to tho Amorçai publie through Messrs. Little and Brown c Boston, at the sime reduced rato at which thc supply-Dr. rmiih's Dictionaries already pul lislicd in - six volumes-about halt of 'th London price. ? Max Müller, tho German scholar, and adopted of Oxford, has just brought out a work of great ethnological inte rest, " History of Ancient Sanskrit Liter ature, so far as it illustrates tho Primitive Religion of the Brahmins," (8vo.) In all such researches, Professor Müller is the first living authority, and tho readers of Chevalier Bunsen's works will remember how he defers to the opinion of his protege, who owes to him his introduction,and establishment at the English seat of learning and orthodoxy. A groat literary curiosity his jtist beor brought to notice from tho most unlikely quartet possible.. It is (in tho words of the Ediuburgl Reviewer) "a perfectly'authentic, but hithortc unknown fragment of tho Johnsonian Gallee tions," Tho "Diary of a Visit to England by an Irish Clergyman," Dr. Thomas Gamp boll, '.in 1775, .during which ho lived in th< society of tho Thrales, Dr. Johnson, Burke «Ssc, and is mentioned by Boswell as an Irish gentleman who came to England principally from a desire to soo Dr. Johnson. Tho manu- script Diary itself was accidently discovered behind a press, Tn tho office of tho Suprorno Court of New South Wulos ; and it is printod at Sydney, edited by Wm. Raymond, an officer of that Court. The reviewer supposes his copy to bo tho only one '{on this sido of the equator,", and gives copious extracts,; which whot ono's curiosity for tho remainder. In ninny cases Dr. Campbell reports at length tho same conversation at dinncrportiesalready given by Boswell, and mainly confirming tho general truth of his narrative, witlvnùmcroùs charac- teristic additions. One sparkle wo make roora for ; " Boswell, arguing in favour of n cheerful class, adduced tho, maxim, Ju vine veritas. Woll, (says Johnson), and what ,then ? unless.the man has lived a lie." Dr. Campbell, contempfating a work on Irish history, was presented by Burke, with four folio volumes, containing his manuscript collections and materials on this subject, a precious deposit, whose retrieval is almost too much to hope for. Dr. Campboll died in 1705. His. nephew and heir emigrated to New South Wales, arid no doubt carried his uucle's journal along with him. Mr. Munsoll,of Albany, Unitod States, has undertaken a Historical Scries, from unpub- lished MSS., relating to American History, tho number of impressions to be limited strictly, to one hundred copies of each work on small, and fivo on large paper. Tho two works he has now propnring aro an " Original Diary of the Siege of Detroit in the War with.Pon- tiac, 1703/ by, an Eye Witness," and Tho Minutes of tho Socret Gommittoo for obstruct- ing tho Navigation of tho Hudson Rivor,*' with notes and illustrations by E. M. Rullonber. It is a volume that will commend itself to-local antiquarians, as it includos details of tho fire ships, tho chains nt Fort Montgomery and West Point, chevaux do friso at Fort Washington, &c.;, with map3 and engravings. Mr. Munsoll is rapidly oarning tho title of the Whittingham of America. - His antiquarian works aro got up with tho taste that knowlodgo and lovo of tho subject inspire. -"Poems" (Miss Mulock's now book), by tho author of "John Halifax, Gontloman," with engravings by Birkot Forster, is an- nounced by Messrs. Hurst and Blackett, who have also in tho .press a now book by Mr. Atkinson, tho Siborian tra- veller - " Tho Upper and Lower, Amoor, a Narrativo of Travel and Advonturr." Though tho arbitrary and restrictivo policy of tho Russian Govornmont has dampod the im- mediate expectation of groat commercial advan- tages, tho rogion is ono of intorest, and so entirely unknown that any information is wel- come. Mr. Collins, tho activo American Oon BUI nt tho Amoor Rivor, has also a work on tho subject nearly roady, which Apploton and Co. will issue. 