f ' -^ ;' ^OSTiOBE. ??' ?' J IBerieir : trom the Spectator ot Sept 22.] Footfalls on the Boundary of another World. With Narrative Illustrations. By; Eobert Dale Owen. From the tenth American Edi tion, with emendations and additions by' the author. Published by Trubner & Co. Though unconvinced by Mr. Owen's reason ing, we look upon an English edition of his book as a welcome appearance, and greet it in the spirit of the Spanish proverb, ' Diosme &6 con tiende con quien me entiende.' If we must engage in controversy with the modern spiritualists/let us by all means have to do with the most intel ligent, well-informed, .and candid^ disputant amongst them. We use the word ' spiritualists' for want of a better, to designate those who be-: lieve that this earth is still tenanted by the spirits of the dead, which can make themselves visible to the living, converse with them by speech or by means of audible signals, and mani fest their presence by other physical tokens, -fcc. ; but this definition, incomplete as it is, in cludes much more than what commonly goes by the name of spiritualism, namely, spirit-rapping and table-turning. Mr. Owen has much to say of the former of these two, but little of the latter. His object being to set forth /acts in evidence of the reality of spiritual intervention in human affairs, he has sought to avoid all suspicion of being yielding to the misleading effects of epidemic excitement, by restricting the inquiry to alleged phenomena which are in their character spontaneous, not evoked, and which .exist, if they exist at all, as independently of luman agency as the rainbow or the aurora borealis. He discusses dreams, wraiths, ghosts, second- sight, haunted houses, and other subjects, which occupy a large portion of what Mrs. Crowe has called ' The Kight Side of Natare,' and if not successful in his efforts to prove the truth, of his doctrine, at least he does not fail to interest and amuse his readers by the well chosen and well told examples he adduces in support of it. But his book is not merely curious and amusing ; its utility may be recognized even by those who dissent most strongly from fhe author's conclusions, because it may be regarded as an accredited exposition of several classes of alleged facts which ought either to be brought within the domain of science, or to be clearly convicted of falsehood. Alchemy gave birth to chemistry ; the pseudo-science of mesmerism has enriched physiology with novel facts of great moment ; and who can tell what precious germs of truth may lie hidden under some of the delusions of modern spiritualism? The subject of dreams might seem to be ont of the proper range of our author's inquiry, but le brings it within his province by means of the hypothesis that some dreams may be suggested to the sleeper's mind by guardian spirits. Such he thinks must have been the origin of a remark able warning dream related by Dr. Abercrombie, who declares that he is ' enabled to give it as perfectly authentic.' The doctor's statement is contained in the first paragraph of the following extract ; the rest is added oy Mr. Owen1: — 'THB NEGEO SEBVAJTT. ' A lady dreamed that an aged female relative had been murdered by a black servant ; and the dream occurred more than once. She was then so much impressed by it that she went to the house of the lady to whom it related, and pre vailed upon a gentleman to watch in an adjoin ing room during the following night. About 3 o'clock in the morning the gentleman, hearing footsteps on the stairs, left his place of conceal ment and met the servant carrying up a quantity of coals. Being questioned as to where he. was going, he replied, in a confused and hurried manner, that he was going to mend his mistress's fire ; which, at 3 o'clock in the morning, in the middle of Bummer, was evidently impossible ; and, on further investigation, a strong knife was found concealed beneath the coals. 'This narrative, remarkable as it is, is not given in sufficient detail. It does not intimate whether the lady -who dreamed knew or not, at the time, tbat her aged relative had a negro ser vant. ^Nor does it say anything of the subse quent conduct and fate of that servant. Nor does it furnish the names of the parties. I am, fortunately, enabled to supply these deficiencea. 'While in Edinburgh, in October, 1858, I had occasion to submit this chapter to a lady — the daughter of a distinguished statesman, and herself well known by numerous and successful worlcs — wno, in returning it to me, kindly ap pended to the above narrative the foUowiag note — * This lady was Mrs. Rutherford, of Egerton, grand-aunt of Sir Walter Scott ; and, I have myself heard the story from the family. The lady who dreamed was the daughter of Mr. Eutherford, then absent from home. On her return she was astonished, on entering' Tier mother's house, to meet the very black servant whom she had seen in her dream, as he had been engaged during her absence. This man was, long afterwards, hung for murder ; and before his execution, he confessed that he had intended to assassinate Mis. Eutherford.' ' ' The story, with this attesting voucher — giving the names of the persons referred to, and supplying particnlare which greatly add to the value of the illustration, is, I think, the very strongest example of prevision in dream I ever met with.' The following remarkable example of far sight in dreams is original — 'THB TWO FIELD-MICE. . 'In the winter of 1835^36, a schooner was frozen upin the upper part of the Bay of Fundy, close 'to Dorchester, which is nine miles from the river Fedeudiac. Daring the time of her detention, she was intrusted to the care of a gentleman of the name of Clarke, who is at this time captain of the Bchooner Julia Hallock, trading between New York and St. Jago de Cuba? ? ' Captain Clarke's paternal grandmother, Mrs. Ann Dawe Clarke, to whom he was much at tached, was at that time living, and, so far as he knew, well. She was residing at Lyme-Eegis, in the county of Dorset, England. ' Oa the night of -the. 17th of February, 1836, Captain Clarke, then on board the schooner re ferred to, had a dream of so vivid a character that it produced a great impression upon him. He dreamed that, being at Lyme-Begis, he saw Sss before him |he funeral of his grandmother, e took note of the chief persons who composed' the procession, observed who were the pall bearers, who were the mourners, and in what order they walked, and distinguished who was the officiating pastor. He joined the procession as it approached the churchyard gate, and pro ceeded with it to the grave. He thought (in his dream)thattiieweatherwasstormy,andtheground wet, as after a heavy rain ; and he noticed that the wind, being high, blew the pall partly off the coffin. The. graveyard which they entered, the old (Protestant one, in the centre of the town, was the same in which, as Captain Clarke knew, their family burying-place was. He perfectly remembered its situation ; but, to his sur prise, the funeral procession did not pro ceed thither, but to another part of the churchyard, at some distance. There (still in his dream) he saw the open grave, par tially filled with water, as from, the rain; and, looking into it, he particularly noticed floating in the water two drowned field-mice. After wards, as he thought, he conversed with his mother ; and she told him that the morning had been so tempestuous that the funeral, originally appointed for . 10 o clock, baa: been deterred till 4\. He remarked, in reply, that it was a fortu nate circumstance ; for, as he had just arrived in time to join the procession, had the funeral taken place in the forenoon he could not have attended it at all. . ' This dream made so deep an impression on Captain Clarke, that in the morning he noted the date of it. Some time afterwards there came the news of his grandmother's death, with the additional particulars that she was buried on the same day on which he, being in North America, had dreamed of her funeral. ? - 'When, four years afterwards; Captain Clarke visited Lyme-Hegis, he found that every parti cular of his dream minutely corresponded with the reality. The pastor, the pall-bearers, the mourners, were the same persons he had seen. Yet this, we may suppose, he might naturally have anticipated. But the funeral had been appointed for 10 o clook in the morning, and, in consequence.of the tempestuous weather and the heavy rain that was falling, it had been delayed until 4 in the afternoon. His mother, who .at tended the funeral, distinctly recollected that the high wind blew the pall parfciajly off the coffin. In consequence of a- wish expressed by the old lady, shortly before' her death, she was buried, not in the burying-place of the family,- but at another spot, selected by herself; and to this spot Captain Clarke, without any indication from the family or otherwise, proceeded at once, as directly as if he had been present at the burial. Finally, on comparing notes with the old sexton, it appeared that the heavy rain of the morning had partially filled the grave, and that there were ..actually found in it two field-mice, drowned. ' ..'?'? . .: .- ' ' This last incident) even if there were no other, might suffice to preclude all- idea of acci dental coincidence.. - ' The above was narrated to me by Captain Clarke himself, with permission to use his name in attestation of its truth.' The following is one of three examples of dreams of which Mr. Owen asserts that they involve, ' unless; the narrators directly lie, , . . . . . . phenomena and laws connected with dreaming, which have never yet been explained, and have scarcely, been investigated.' It was ijommunicated by the daughter of a gentleman well-known in the literary circles of Great Bri tain, and he gives it in her own Words. ' OKE BBEAM THE COTJNTBBPABT OP AH0XHEB. 'We had a friend, S ? , who some years ago was in a delicate state of health, believed to be consumptive. He lived several hundred miles from, us, and, although our family were intimately acquainted with himself, we knew neither his home nor any of his family ; our in tercourse being chiefly by letters, received at intervals. 'One night, when there was no special cause for my mind reverting, to our friend or to his state of health, I dreamed that I haa to go to the town where he resided. In my dream I seemed to arrive at a particular house, into which I entered, and went straight UD-stairs into a darkened chamber There, on his bed, I saw S^ ? , lying as if about to die. I walked up to him ; and, not mournfully, but as if filled with hopeful assurance, I took his hand and said, ' No, you are not going to die. Be comforted : you will live.' Even as I spoke I seemed to lear an exquisite strain of music sounding through the room. ^ -' ' On. awaking, so vivid were the impressions remaining, that, unable to shake them off even the next day, I communicated them to my mother, and then wrote to S ? , inquiring after his health, but giving him no clue to the cause of my anxiety. ' His reply informed us that he had been very ill— indeed) supposed to be at the point of death — and that my letter, which for several days he had been too ill to read, had been a great happi ness to him. ' It was three years after this that my mother and I met S— in London ; and, the conversa tion turning on dreams, I said, ' By the way, I had a singular dream about 'three years ago, when you were so ill ;' and I related it. As I pro ceeded, I observed a remarkable expression spread over his face ; and when I concluded he said, with much emotion, 'This is singular indeed ; for I, too, had a night or two before your letter arrived, a dream the very counter part of yours. I seemed to myself on the point of death, and was taking final leave of my brother. ' Is there anything, he said, ' I can do for you before you die P' ' Yes,' I replied in my dream ; ' two things. Send for my friend A. M. H ? ; I must see her before I depart.' ' Impossible,' said my brother ; it would be an unheard of thing; she would never come.' 'She would,' I insisted, in my dream, and added, ' I would also hear my favorite sonata by Beethoven, ere I die.' 'But these are trifles,' exclaimed my brother, almost sternly. ' Have you no desires more earnest at so solemn an hour?' ' No; to see my friend A. M. and to hear that; sonata, that is all I wish.' And even as I spoke, in my dream, I saw you enter. You walked up to the bed with a cheerful air ; and while the music I had longed for filled the room, you spoke to me encouragingly, saying I should 'not die.' ' Knowing the writer well, I can vouch for this narration ; embodying as it does, that rare and , remarkable phenomenon, two concurring and synchronous dreams.' Mr. Owen's volume is rich in examples of ' Disturbances popularly termed Hauntings.' The oldest case it cites is that which is narrated by Glanvil as having occurred at Mr. Mompes son's house at Ted worth, and continued for two entire years, namely, from April, 1661, until April, 1663. The disturbances in this instance consisted mainly in a continual noise of drum ming, the origin of which was never discovered, but it was connected in Mr. Mompesson's mind with the fact that, as a Magistrate, he had com mitted to prison a vagrant drummer who had been annoying the country by noisy demands for charity. ' The next case quoted at length is that of the noises which for two months har rassed the inmates of the parsonage at Ep worih in 1716 and 1717, during the incumbency of the Eev. Samuel Wesley, the father of the founder of Methodism. Many other instances are given of haunted houses, more recent, and some of them still more carious than those we have mentioned ; but these were only prolusions to the famous knockings at Hydesville in Western New York, in 1848, from which dates the dis covery that ' these mysterious sounds are in stinct with intelligence,' and that disembodied spirits, though capable of articulate speech, prefer to hold converse with mortals by rapping, and willingly respond to questions through that medium. In Mr. Mompesson's case, suspicion pointed strongly to one living person as the contriver of the disturbances, and in the Hydes ville case there is glaring evidence of malicious human agency. The Fox family, the tenants of the haunted heuse, were informed by the knock ing ghost that his name was Charles B. Eosma, and that* he had been murdered and buried in the. cellar by a Mr. Bell, who had formerly occupied the house. The story was backed up by the manifestly collusive evidence of a servant who had lived with Bell, and by' the discovery, after the . lapse of some months, of a few human bones under the floor of the cellar, where the ghost declared his body had been buried whole. These bones 'on an examination by a medical man skilled in anatpmy, proved .to be portions [only] of a human skeleton, including two bones of the hand and certain parts of the skull ; but no connected skull was found.' Mr. Bell, the alleged mur derer, on hearing of these transactions, gave the strongest proof of conscious innocence by imme diately returning to the neighborhood of his former dwelling, and challenging inquiry ; whilst, on the other hand, all inquiry failed to discover that such a person as Charles B. Eosma had ever existed. ' The Hydesville knockings were quickly fol lowed by those of Rochester, in the same State, in which an officious spirit announced that a missing man had been murdered and thrown into the canal, and the enlightened public opinion of Rochester gave ready credence to the tale ; but, some months afterwards, the ' mur dered man' reappeared in the flesh: he had departed secretly to* Canada to avoid his creditors. f Such are the first two instances on which was based the whole theory of spirit-rapping? and, in our humble opinion, it could hardly rest, on a more rotten foundation. But Mr. Owen is too resolute a believer to be rebutted by difficulties which to us appear insurmountable. See -what he says of the Rochester ghost's little bit of sportive fiction — ' If we concede the reality of the spirit-rap, and if we -assume to judge of ultra-mundane in tentions, we may imagine ihe purpose was, by so early and so marked a lesson, to warn men, even from the commencement, against putting .im plicit faith in spiritual communications.' Be it so. We accept the warning in the most unlimited sense. . 