GHOST-LORË.. [KEVIEW: most THE SPECTATOn OP SEÍT. 2¿3 l'oolfalUon- tie Jioiuulaiy of Another World. With £ 'Illustrations'. By BoBcrt Dale Owen. From "ÍClio (.lentil American Edition, with emendations and I additions by tho author. : Published by Trubner & Co. Though ' unconvinced by. Mr. Owen's reuWoliingj wc . lqpk npon »ii English edition of his b'bblf ns a welcome \»ppiaranoo, and 'greet it in tho' spirit bf tho üpnnish pro- verb,' "'Bios'in'o do cöutieiidce on quien mo entiende." If jwe must engage in controversy with tho modern spiri- tualists, hit us by all means have to do with tho most in- telligent, well-informed, nnd candid disputairt amongst thom. Wo uso tho word. " spiritualists'' for want of a better, to djsiguato those who believe that this earth is still tenanted by tho spirits of tho dead, which cnn make .themselves visiblo to tho liviug, coiivorso with thom by .sp'o.o'ùhor by inoaus of audible) signalai abd manifoit their prcbeneo by other physical tokens, icc, y but thia dciiui 1 .'" (ion, inco;úploto hs it ¡Sj includes uiùch. more than jvhnt commonly goesi by tho name of spiritnnlisni,; jiamely, spirit-rapping and table-turning.'.' Mr. Owen haB.- jniich to say'ol'tba former of-these two', but little oft ub'latt er. His object being to sct.fyrth fuels in evidence of. the ro.'ility of spiritual intervention; hi.hiunun affairs,'ho .hus sought to nvoid lill suspicion «f being yielding tó:fhem'is- ' leading effects of cpidomiu'cxcitemcnt, bj< restricting tho inquiry lo' alleged'phenomena^ wliich.uro in.their 'charac- ter spontaneous, not evoked, and which" oxist, if they exist at all, as independently of human ngoncy as tho rainbow or tho aurora borealis, He discusses dreams, wraiths, ghosts, eecoiid sight,- haunted house*, nnd other subjects, which occupy a largo portion of what Mrs. Crowe luis caUod tho " Night Side of Nature," and, if not successful in Ids efforts to provo tho truth of his doctrine, at least ho docs not fail lo iuterest and amuse his readers by tho well chosen and weU told examples-ho adduces ju support of -it. But his book is not merely curious-and. amusing) its utility may bo recognised oven by. those who disseut.niost strongly from tho author's conclusions, becauso.it may bo regarded as an accredited oxposition.of several classes of alleged facts which ought either to.'bo. brought within tho domain of science, or to ho clearly convicted of falsehood. Alchemy gave birth ito - ohemis try j. tho pseudo scienco of mesmerism has enriched phy-" Biology with novel fucts of great moment; and who can. tell what precious germs of truth muy lie hidden under somo of tho delusions of modern spiritualism ? Tho subject of dreams might seem to bo out of tho pro- per range of our author's inquiry, but he brings it within Iiis provinco by means of the hypothesis that some dreams may bo suggested to tho sleeper's mind.by guardian spi- rits. Such ho thinks must have been the origin of a rc markablo warning dream related by Br. Abercrombie, who declares that he is " enabled to give it as perfectly authentic" Tho 'doctor's statement ÍB contained in.'the first paragraph of the following extract ; the rest is added by Mr. Owen ¡-. "THE JÍEOE0 SEUVAST. .'?' ' "A lady dreamed that an aged feinalo. relativo,,had been murdered by a black servant \ and tho dream'oo-" curred moro than onco. She-was then so much" im- pressed by it, that »ho went to the house pf tho lady to whom it related, and prevailed Upon a-gentleman to watch in un adjoining room during tho following night. About 3 o'clock in tho -morning'tho gentleman, hearing footsteps on tho stairs, left his place of concealment and met the servant carrying up a quantity of coals. Boing questioned as to whore ho was going, he replied in a confused and hurried manner, that he was going to mend lu's mistress's fire';. which, ht thrco o'clock in the morn-' ing, in tho middle of summer, was evidently ünpossibhV; and, on further, investigation, a strong knife was found concealed beneath the cools. "This narrative, remarkable as it is, is not given in sufficient detail. It does not inthhato whether, the lady who dreamed, know or not, at tho tune, that her aged relative had à negro servant.- Nor docs it say anything of tho subsequent conduct mid fate of that sorvout.. Nor does it furnish the names of the parties. I um fortu- nately enabled to supply these deficiencies. " ' . " TiVhilo in Edinburgh, in October, 1858, Iliad occa- sion to submit this chuptor to a lady-the'daughter of ii distinguished 'statesman, and herself well known by numerous und successful works-who, in returning it to me, kindly appended to tho nbovo narrative tho follow- ing note :-'This lady was Mrs Rutherford, of Egerton^ grand-aunt of Sir "Walter Scott ; and I- liuve myself . heard tho story from tho family. The lady who drenmod was the daughter of Mr Rutherford, then nbsont from homo. On lier return she was astonished, on entering her mother's house, to meet tho very black servant whom she hud seen in her dream, as ho had been cnguged dur- ing her absence. This mun was, long afterwards, hung for murder ; and beforo his execution, he confessed that ho hud intended to assassinate Mrs Rutherford. "The story, with this nt .testing voucher-giving the names of the persons referred to, and supplying parti- culars which greatly add to thc value of the dlustnition," is, I think, the very strongest cxuniplo of prevision in drouin I ever mot with." Tho following remurkablo example of far sight iii dreams ia original : " TUE TWO I'lELD-MICE. " In tho winter of 1835-30, u schooner was frozen up in tho upper part of tho Buy of;Fundy, close to Dor- chester, which is nine miles from the'rivor Fcdeudiuc'. Buring tho timu of her detention, she was entrusted to tho care of a gentleman ol'tho name ol'Clarke, who is nt this tune-captain of tho schooner Julia Bullock, trading between Nen- York and St Jago de Cuba. .."Captain Clirkc's paternal grandmother, Mrs Ann Dawe Clarke, to whom ho was much attached, was at that timo living, nud, so far as ho knew, woÙ.. She was residing at Iyine-Rcgis, in. tho county of Dorset, England.. : . ; ' " On tho night of tho' 17th of February, 1836, Ciipi' tain Clarko, then on board tho schooner referred tofhad" a dream of so vivid a character that it produced a groat impression upon him. lie dreamed that being at Lyme Regis, ho saw pass beforo him tho funeral of his grand- mother. Ho took note of tho chief persons who com- posed the procession, observed who were tho pall- bearers, who vero tho mourners, and in what Order they walked, and distinguished who was tho officiating pastor, Ho joined tho procession a3 it approached the churchyard gato,., and proceeded with it to the grave. He thought (in his dream) that tho weather was stormy, and tho .ground wet, hs after a heavy rain ; and ho noticed that tbs wind being high, blew the pall partly .oil' the collin. The graveyard which they entered, the old Pro- testant one, in the centro of the town, was tho samo in. which, as Captain Clarko knew, their family burying plaee was. He perfectly remembered its situation ; but,' to his surprise, tho funeral procession did not proceed thither, but lo another part of tho churchyard, at some distance. There (still in his dream) ho saw tho open grave, partially filled with water, as from tho rain ; and, looking iuto it, ho particularly noticed floating in the water two drowned ficld-mico. . Ailerwnrds, ns he thought, ho conversed with his mother ; and she told him that the morning had boen BO tempestuous that the funeral, originally appointed for 10 o'clock, had been deferrod till 4. He remarked, in reply, that it was a fortunato circumstance ; for, as he had just arrived-- in time to join (ho procession, had the funeral taken placo iu tho forenoon ho could not have attonded itxat all." "This dream made so deep an impression on Captain Clarke, that in the morning he noted the date of it. Some time afterwards .there' carno tho nows of his grand- mother's death, with the additional particularsIhatislie was buried on tho same day on which he, being in North America, had dreamed of hor funeral." . ??-.*/ -. :' " When, four years afterward, Captain Clarke visited Lyino-Regis, lie found that every particular of luV dream "minutely corresponded with tho reality.-' " The . pastor, tho pall-bearers, the mourners,'..were tho samo. persons-Jio hud Boen. Yet this, we moy suppose, he might naturally have anticipated. But tho funeral had been appointed for 10 o'clock iii tho morning, and, in consequence of the tempestuous weather, and thc heavy rain,that was fulling, it had been delayed -until' 4 in tho "afternoon. His' motherj who «ttondéd tiffi funeral, distinctly recollected that tho high wind blew (ho pull partially ofT the collin. ? In conscquoncs'of a 'wish expressed .by,tlio.old;>lady, shortly before lier death, she was buried, not in the bury ing-placo of ;'th'e. family, but at another ' spot-selpctcd by herself ; and to this spot Captain Clarko,-without; any in- dication from (he family br otherwise, proceeded at once, as directly as if ho had been present at (ho burial,' Fi- nally, on compnringnot cs with tho oldsexto.m il appeared that tho heavy ruin 'of tho morning had partially :fillo*d the grave; and that lhere were actually .found in it- two field-micedrown'od:?-- iv if . " Tliis'last incident, even if liiere were río pth'er,imigkl sulllcc to preclude all idea of accidental coincidence;.: - "Tho above Was narrated to mo by Captain Clarko himself, with'permission to uso his name in attestation of ita truth." . * : 