THE WOMAN IN GREY, A CRIMEAN EPISODE. The barren plntraii, on whirl) the nllied armies were eiienmppd Vieforo SebnBtopol, ?was natural ly niigffpstive of many super stitious funcics nmnnu the troops. The nutlviiiK sentinel, with his eve nt tho nttermost «lc;;rpe of tennioii, to detect some crouching spy, eventually Baw imn.ginn.rj forms around him, nnd '.he darkness became peopled with the rleniz«n» of another world. Mtny stories of ghostly innnifcjtiitioin were current, very few of tliom possessing any other foundation than the imnginnry finey of the credulous anldir-r ; l»ut there are one or two authenticated stories of phost3, on» of which I will tell here, hs 1 heard it from the lips of nu ofllcer -'f Rti Irish regiment, who. wan converaant with all the tie tails. ; A »ol(ller, on being relieved from guard one winter's night, swore stoutly that he Imd been lmunted during the whole period of duty by n woman in grey, who made signals to him, which he, good .Catholic as he was, declined to follow. He was Inxighed at ; but when the sentry on duty thfi next night told the samn story, the most incredulous began to believe. When a week had passed away, and each nigh the same occurrence happened, the regi-t yncnt was so infectcil with alarm, that the captain of the day thought it high time to interfere. For this purpose be sum moned to his counsels one Patrick T n,.*ir a f*r\\\/\f QnlTlrtTnt U- tin Vt/flQ nntlii. larly supposed to fear neither man nor devil. The captain lent the noncom missioned oflicer a revolver, bidding him flre if he found it absolutely necessary, but to do his best to capture the woman alive. Mr. Pnt took a hearty drain of rum and went on sentry-go, much to the relief of the man wurned for that night's dutj. It was a dark misty night when Pat inmmannoti lii« /lntv round, nnd it was enough to make any man feel uncomfort able. The gallant Pat, however, so long ns the effect of the rum lasted, whistled the 'Night on which Larry w«a stretched' aotto voce, stamped his feet to restore the chilled circulation. Somehow or nnother, though' hn began to grow very lonely, and almost wished that the ghost would comeif only to bear him company. His wishes were soon fulfilled, for hearing a alielit sound, and taising his rifle to his shoulder, he saw a dusky form gibbering nt him in thn distance. Pat began roop ing and mowing in reply, and the woman apparently encouraged by this, drew nearer. Pat laid his firelock on the ground, as if to encourage the other, but placed his hand carefully on his revolver. There was nothing like being prepared, but if. it were a woman — the thought fairly turned the honest Sergeant's mind. t? ? 1 ? „. ?!.» G r+ttra .i»-»rtrrnr»Vi*»^1 in not r. XjIc lUllilt lilt; n t «- v- u|y11' ' wn».M »#w ??^h-i that Pat was enabled to challenge — ' Who goes there ? ' ' A friend ' ' the stranger replied, in a musical, though foreign voice. 'Advance friend, and give the counter sign,' the Sergeant mechanically said. Just as the figure approached Pat, the nioon broke out from behind a cloud, and enabled him to see. the woman's features. The most astounuinjj'lbjng was- the im mense grey-beard tha figure wore. Pat, as a traveller, was accustomed to strange sights, but this surpassed all. In n second, though, the truth flashed upon him, nnd he made ready for action. 'Come hew, my darlint,' Pat said, artfully, hut the woman did not seem inclined to obey. The moonlight had evidently destroyed the stranger's calculuiions. * She fft-1 back .?» step or two land then turned to fly. Hut it was too bate ; Pat was after her with a tiger's soun;l, and, impeded by her petiico.its, she stumbled and nearly fell. I' a oeciu.d however, she recovered, nnd turned tn the Sergeant with a most uncumfor able-lookiug yatnghnn. ' Tear an ouns,' the Sergeant shouted ' the woman's the devil. I can stand nails, but those are rather too sharp.' A low vnockint' Imiorli burst from the stranger's lips, as he tried to get between Pat and his musket. But the Sergeant was on his guard ,? pretending to fly, he managed t' bear down within the grasp of the woman, and caught nt her capote The next moment the yntagan had passed through the fleshy pnrt of his arm, but he did not relax his hold. He grappled with the stmngpr, but the meeting with an unexpected resistance, he drew his revolver. The stranger clutched at it witli a frantic energy, and ;i terrible strug gle ensued, which terminated by the pistol suddenly exploding ; and the stranger fell to 'the ground with a groan while Pat. weakened bv the loss of blood followed the -xnmple. 1 he -|'.iarter-guard, aroused by the shot soon hurried up to the spot, and both were borne into camp. The str.ingar was placed in a hut and a surgeon fetched, and it was evident thnt th« ghost in the grey was a fine-looking old man. He was, however, declared to bo in a very dangerous state, for the ball had passed through his lungs. His condition was kindly explained to him, and he told his storv readily enough. His tame was Constantine, and he was by birth a 1'oK Having been enfneed in the revolution of 1831, he was saved from the death that fell to the lot nf his comrades, to endure a worse fate. He nnd his family were transferred to Russia, and he was (breed to perform the most degrading duties in the secret police. For twenty- three years he had endured the humiliation, for the sake -5f his wife and child, but he little reckoned wlmt was in store for him. Whoi ihe war with tho nllies became imminent, he was ordered with his family to Sevastopol, for hr wan a perfect French and Cterman scholar ; and when the campaign com menced, he was compelled to risk his life nitfhtly, by going -''? to spy the progress lhn rnrmy -made. Death »tared him in the face either way ; if he refused, the sentence uassed upon him at Warsaw still remained in force, while, if he obeyed, he was in hourly risk of detection. Why not desert, you will ask ? but the Russian police were M'lchiaveln. His daughter Eudoxia, n lovely girl of three and twenty-, was t-)ken into the Governor's house, ostensibly to protect her from the horrors of the seige : but Constantine was given fully to understand that her life depended on his fidelity. The poor ftther wni sorely diVrncted ; his hatred of the Russians was counterbalanced by his love for his daughter, the only treasure he possessed in the world, for his wife had succumbed under the privations and exposure of a winter journey across the steppes. Need I say that the father triumphed over the man ? Constantine was n nightly visitor to our lines, and by the cleverness with which he played tho character of a French or English linesman, long escaped detection. At length, a dreadful ordeal was offered him ; he wes told that if he could only induce an English soldier to desert, frum whom some valuable information might be obtained, his sentence would be re versed, and he would be free to go where he nleased with his datiahtcr. Maddened by the thought of freedom, Constantine attirvd himself in a feminine garb, hoping thus to attract some sentinel from his post. Ho would then wound him, though not dangerously, and drag him into the Russian lines. In fact, it grew a mono mania with Constantine that he must catch a Briton alive j but, unfortunately, in hergeant Luary he caught a tartur. Such was the story he told, and which aroused considerable interest among the hearers. It reached the ears of Lord Raglan himself, who visited the prisoner, and bade him he of good cheer ; no harm could befal him. But Constantine shook his head sadly : ot what value was lite to him now, when he was separated from his Eudoxia ? 1 need not say thnt every kindness was shown the poor fellow, nnd the doctors vied with each other in their attention to him. But there was little chance of saving him. The wretched conical ball was apparently embedded in his back bone, and there was no prospect of moving it. Pardon, reader, such a common-place story, but the end is not yet. Two days later, Serjeant Leary, who had bound his flesh wound up, and laughed at it, was at work in the front parallel. He was sitting in the trench, smoking a very dirty short pipe, and growling invardly, when his wound gave him a twitch. It was a 'lovely night, and double caution had to be exercised, for the Russians were all alive, and seemed shooting for a wager at the men in the trenches. Pat philosophically took off his shako, and placed it on tho top of the earthwork, In five minutes he took it down again, and lo ! there were three Minie balls through it. ' Whirrah ! ' said Pat, as he comically surveyed the damage, ' hi rVs a patent ventilator.' ' Lucky for you. Sergeant Leary,' a young ensign remarked, ' that your head wasn't in it.' ' Arroh, your honor, and do you sup pose those dirty bullets would go through mv head ? It's all very easy with a regu lation chnko, for we know what tluit is made of; but an Irishman's head is formed of stronger materials.' A suppressed laugh ran along the trenches, but Pat was not all put out. ' Boys ' he remarked, with solemn pathos, ' since the unlucky day I landed in this filthy country, not a night had passed that I hav'ntput at least a pint of bad spirits into this caTcase of mine, and the-eisnota man among you can say he has seen me the worse for it. It wants i\ purty daisent head to stand the raki we get tin here, for it ^vnuld take the roof of a house -,.sr- I think vnv head is safe nT-iniit i'hnll sent by Russian powder. TJillnb ! «h-.t's their gime I wrndher. The men jump-d up involuntarily, for the firing from the Russian guns had grown tremendous. F irgetting all cau lion. they sprano: on the? breastwork na turiilly suppling .hat tin. enemy medi tavd a aoitie. They were in pi rfjet snfety. however; all the bullets were at present directed at a single figure, which wan crossing the opening at frantic speed Oar men chered heartily, as the stranger pressed on, utterly reckless upon the shower oflead, and some two or three fellows Le.irv nt their head, rushedout to reseu.' him. ' Ore-it was the Serpent's surprise thouerr.. when he recognised in tha slrang-'r the Woman in Grey. I-ut there ims no time for inquiry. The Russians had opened all their batteries, ns if dis trusted at not bringing A wn their victim and for an hour the very earth shook with Ihe vibration. Suddenly the flre died away, as we did not condescend to reply to it ; the moon retired behind a cloud in disgust, and there wn? silence for the rest of ihe niglir. In the meanwhile, Serjeant Leary had convinced himself that this Mr. Jones win not that Mr. Jones : the stranger, instead of -vieMing a yataghan, employed a fur more dancerous weapon in a pair of^the most lnvfly eyes ever seen. Then, in a most seductive voice (Lr-ary swore after ,nnlo ihnt hn understood everv word, but don't believe him) she asked after her father's welfare. She spoke in French, and, at any rate the oflicer of the watch comprehended her, and sent a party with her at once to head, quarters. Lord Rnglnn no sooner heard of the heoism she hail , displayed, in order to jnin her fnther, than he gave directions that she should be treated with all possible kind ness, and have fVee access to the prisoner. Her presence was better than all the doctor's stuff to Constantino ; he rapidly recovered, hut Kudoxia's duties were not over then. By some stupid mistake, Leary mnnn°:ed to run his renowned head against a Minie hall, which sadly injured his personal nppearance, nnd for some reason or another, Eudoxia insisted on nursing him. It may be that his repeated visits to her father had touched her heart, hut what do 1 know ? All I can say is, thnt I nursed Serjeant Leary 's youngest girl the other day, when I went in for an ounce of tobacco, at a shop not a hundred miles from Leicesler Square, nnd was rf quested to wait and see Father Con stantine, who has a very comfortable engagement ns interpreter at one of our police courts. 'With him I smoked a refreshing pipe, nnd he confirmed all the detnila of the story I now lny before the render. ? 