MAZZINI. Por 2,000 years the Oracles of Delphi have been silent, but not with the silence of the Oracles lies died out of the heart of man the inborn venera- tion for the oracular. One would suppose that when a man carne forward to instruct the world tho world would .enquire as to his means of knowledge, and if he, as usuil in such cases magnificently disdained the use of -argument, would require, at any rate, .that he should show his title f o authority as a teacher and enlightener of his -species. Unhappily this is not the case. Men me much moro moved by the positive assertion and tho unhesi- tating confidence in himsplf of their -would-be new instructor than by the inherent merits ol' his instruction. It 3s the old fallacy so well exposed by Iiocke. An opinion when true is pi etty ¿lito to bo strong, and, therefore, if slrongv is pretty sure to be true. Thus oharlalans profit by and traffic in their own impudence, and the opinion of mankind is taken by storm, by assaults as contemptible as they are audacious. Hiram Smith, Irving, and Auguste I Comte were all able to found n w religions on no better ground than their own unsupported hut confidentassertions and on the same ground Mnzzini has enjoyed for a quarter of a century t lie power of directing, or rather warping and perverting, the uoblo enthu-iasm of the youth of Italy to visionary, unat- tainable,, »nd often criminal objects. ^Certainly it is not by the loree of reason 'that Mazziird 1ms subjected to himself ¡so xmany br.'wer hearts and clearer .intelligences tln?n his own. He is mt ia doctrinaire, for ¿bat supposes a degree .of method and system to which hK .mind seems quite a stranger. ! Ho is mot a statesman.,' for, in his calculations ïïmman nature in general, and Italian nature in particular, are contemptuously neglected. He resembles moro one of the false prophets of Greek or Hebrew history", who had the pow er of working themselves up to nu enthusiasm which became contagious, and of creating "belief, because they spoke with all the ..solemnity of an oracle. Certa:uly,_ if : antecedents had anything to do with . credit, Mazzini would have Joss ititle tlian any man living to dogmatize .on the best mode of delivering Italy, .fur Mnzzini, if not very willing to ? confront corporeal foes, is certainly not ¡afraid of ghosts when ho ventures to marne the injured shades of Pisacane ai d ÎBentivenga, sent forth to redeem Italy by Mazzini's favourite methods of ittsnrreotion and revolution, and perish i¡>c the useless victims of a hopeless oau.^- . . IHotencö has now become for Mazzini a safe olaca of residence, and from Florence, therefore, the indefatigable agitator ade.,lesbea a letter to the King of Sardinia, »'» which, without the .lightest attemp "* afc an appeal to reason, and with a presui,"*Ptu°us" affectation of infallibility ludicrou «ty at variance with his antecedents, ho re,undly lectures ,ft Prince who has at any rate shb'A nis blood for a cause to which Mazzini üila contributed nothing butsaf<.'n,eo')spirac)'' and various plans disgraceful to their author and fatal to his misguided instru- ments. It hasbeen revealed to M Mnzzini that the King of Sardinia does not understand Italian life, and that he (Mazzini) does ; that tho advisers ol' the King are ol' mediocre talent, while his present monitor is a person oí unapproachable intellectual gifts ; and, stranger still, th at Viotor Emmanuel is stronger than nnj* other Princo now living in Europe. '1 ho error of the King of Sardinia has been that he has sought foieign aid. There wasatnlibrran which would have relieved the kingdom ironi th¡s¡¡ unpleasant I necessity. That talisman consisted in tho single word " Unity," which word, once pronounced by the King, would have placed twenty.six millions N of people at his disposal, put the Austrians to flight, and crumbled down the walls of tho formidable Quadrilateral. If you nsk for. tho proof of these assertions, M'tzzini hns said it, and the man whose eyes arc open lins said it, and if you are not satisfied with this, and no other demonstration is afforded you, you aro a flatterer, ,1 busybody,a timeserver, a miscreant, in short, who nviy well be abandoned to that national weapon to which Mazzini was wont to exhort his countrymen to trust as the surest instrument of freedom. Mazzini lectures Victor Emmanuel on that prudence which his monitor has never shown, and that daring of whioh in his own person he is careful to give no proof, Ile holds up to his eyes the example of the blood-stáine'l Danton, and warns him tint the condition of success is simp'o audacitv and confidence in Italian unity. Had the King of Sardinia only repudiated the Treaty of Villafranca, and, sinrhv handed, continued the contest with Austria, he would have found himself at tho head of two hundred and forty thousand invincible Italian soldier.', with an insurrection of the whole Itiiian nation, and, we suppose, pro- vided with ample funds, arms, and equipments, to carry on the war. Austria would be trampled in the dust ; Franco would be intimidated and stand aloof, and, iu fact, nothing ever was so easy as to unite Italy, from the Alps to the Straits of Messina. To bo sure, the King may probably lose his crown in tho effort, but what of that, if he oan get himself named President of the Italian Republic ? And there is in store for him a still higher reward. Let him but vanquish Austria, intimidate France, expel the Pope and the King of Naph-s, and wel I the most divided nation in the world into one compact and homogenous mass, and Mazzini, the Republican, will become his devoted subject, even should ho still wear the crown. Mazz'ni, the conspirator, will hatch no more plots and send no moro victims to perish by land or by sea, and Mnzzini of the stiletto will throw down the dagger and renounce for tho future tho sacred right of assassination. Who would not. undertake such a labour for such a prize ? We have given tho substance of this letter at far greater length than it deserves, because we" aro anxious to show, onco for all, into what bands despair has driven no small number of Italians to trust the destinies of Italy. Wo know, at any rate, the actual state of affairs :-Austria and Franco, for the moment at least, stand a'oof, and leave to tho Italians complete freedom of action. In tho llomagna are ranged two hostile camps, the one presided over by Garibaldi, who, at any rate, is free from the influença of Kinn or Kaiser ; the <ither under tho General of the Pope. Wo hopo~for tho] best, but tho result is not free from doubt. Garibaldi's name is a tower of strength, but he is straitened for money, and has not arms to put into tho hands of the volunteers who drop in leisurely to his standard ; he fights for Italian unity, but the talisman" on his lips is but mod rately effioaoious. Ho occupies the position Mazzini designates for Victor Emmanuel j but, so far from conquering Austria and intimidating. France, he stands at bay before the combined forces of two Italian Powers. Let Sardinia join Garibaldi, and Austria the Pope, and let any one, except Mazzini, say whether the prospects of the Italian causo would bo improved. Tho truth is that Mazzini soes plainly that the long delusion is drawitg to an end, that the Italian mind has awoke to more practical views, and therefore, after having repeatedly sacrificed the substance of Italian independence to the shadow of Italian Republicanism, he at length offers to sacrifice his prejudico« as to the form- of government to the higher claims of na ional independence. Tho sacrifice comes too late. The influonce which Mazzini once possessed ho can never regain, and in this we find the best guarantee for the future of the country th.-destinies ofwhioli he has so Ion« assumed to have in his own .teeping. 