FATAL ACCIDENT.-A few days since Mr. Gaunt, P.M., and Coroner, and a jury of twelve, held an inquest at Mrs Noice's Alliance Hotel, on the body of Martin Touhey, a native of Clare, Ireland. It appeared that the unfortunate deceased was riding with some six or seven companions in a dray from the township of Wahgunyah towards the digging -they were all drunk-deceased was sitting with his legs out over the shaft, another man was driving, and suddenly brought the dray in contact with a tree on the side deceased was sitting, and crushed the poor man's legs to pieces. It was a fearful smash; there the unfortunate man lay for some time, weltering in his blood, and his companions too drunk to care for him. One of them, however, managed to get back to Wah- gunyah, a distance of 1½ miles, he applied to Dr. Hutchinson, who, it was stated, refused to attend. At last Mr. Bridge, the chemist, was prevailed upon to go and bind the poor fellow's legs; after which he was brought into Barkly by two miners, prospecting in the locality where the accident oc curred, their names are John Satford Turner and Henry Banks, who really acted the part of the good Samaritans ; before deceased was removed from where he lay in his blood one of those two miners fetched from a long dis tance a bucket of water, gave the poor man a drink, and after saving a panni kan full to take with him on the road, the remainder was used in bathing the wounds. One of the drunken party actually took the pannikan, and drank the water, exclaiming "He makes a b----y sight too much noise over it!' Altogether the fellows are spoken of as great brutes, after they arrived at Mrs. Noice's, about 1 o'clock a.m., and Dr. Daykin had stated the very serious nature of the injuries Touhey had re ceived, they actually lounged about the house demanding more drink. Mrs. Noice deserves every praise for the kind manner in which she admin istered every possible comfort to the unfortunate man. Subsequently the right leg was amputated by Dr. Daykin, assisted by Drs. Wilson and Dempster; but the laceration was so great, and the poor fellow so exhausted, that life could not be sustained. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the facts. It is only a pity that the whole of the un feeling party could not be imprisoned for 12 months. BURGLARIES AT RUTHERGLEN. A few nights since some of the prowl ing vagabonds about these diggings entered the tent of two Hungarians on the Wahgunyah Lead, and succeeded, without awakening the two occupants, in robbing them of a deposit receipt on the London Chartered Bank at Lamp lough for £200, 5 £10 notes, 2 £5 notes, and 2 £1 notes, on the same bank, and 2 £5 notes, and 2 £1 notes, on the Bank of Victoria, Lamplough. One night during the present week the shop of Mr. Fisher, tobacconist, in Arglyle Street, was entered and robbed of property valued at £30. The police are on the alert, but as yet no clue has been got to the robbers. ROYAL STANDARD THEATRE, RUTHERGLEN.-This monster place of amusement is creating some attraction. The Lee Family continue there during the present week. We learn that a new band of minstrels will shortly arrive, and that a grand Christmas Pantomine is in preparation from the pen of a well known author. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.-We understand that Parliament will be opened by the Governor on Tuesday next. APPOINTMENTS OUZETTUD.-^-'J ames Henry - Alliey, Esq., to be acting. Gold Receiver at Morse's Greet. Mr. A. P. Akehurst, to be the Electoral Regis trar for the Stanley, Beecbworth, Woolshad, and Myrtle Creek, divisions of the Eastern Province, and of the Ovens District, vice Mr. Walden trans ferred. SHOCKING MURBEK IN EDINBURGH. -On Sunday morning, at an early hour, the body of a girl, apparently about fifteen or sixteen years of age, was found in the Queen's park. It was fearful."y disfigured, the face bruised, swollen, and bleeding, and the bridge of the nose broken. No blood was seen on the hands, but the pocket appeared to have been searched by a bloody hand ; and a quantity of lace, found in the pocket, was smeared with bl-iod. A. piece of the lace was, also picked up a few yards from the body. A large sharp stone was found close to the spot. The ground near where the body was lying was tramped and indented, aa if struggle had taken place on it; aod on a subsequent examination by the policj abrasions were seen upon the wrist, as if the girl bad beea held tightly and pulled about, and marks as of fingers and nails were found on her throat. It was a;certained that the girl had been seen, at different times during the "pre vious evening and night, in company with soldiers of the 13th Light Dra goons, stationed at Piershill. She was observed by two different persona, about nine o'clock, along with a private; and was afterwards seen at twenty minutes past nrdnighf, in company with two soldiers of the same regiment, one of them believed to be a corporal, and the other a private. One man, a soldier, namsd Tanner, had been apprehended on suspicion of having been concerned in the atrocity. The name of the de ceased was Elizabeth Slater, who lived wi-.h her uncle, Mr. Andrew Slater, a slater by trade, who states that she had only completed her eleventh year, and that she had slipped out of his house on the Saturday afternoon. Tanner, who was shown. t.o all the witnesses, bore himself in a very cool aud unconcerned manner. lie is a tall, slight made ynung man, barely twenty yeiars of age; and would scarcely, fiom his appear ance, be taken for a person likely to c rnmit the brutal crirre laid to his charge. He states that he is a native of Paisley, but speaks with an English accent. Two soldiers, named Cavanagh and Barr, who are still missing from the barracks, disappeared, the former on the Monday and the latter on the Wed nrsday previous to the perpetrati n of the murder. They have not teen heard ot since, and it is considered ex tremely improbable that they were mixed up in any with the crime. On Tuesday a woman, who, like many others, had gone to the spot where the occurrence took place, picked up a button from the gnund, belonging to the 1-3>h L'ght Dragoons, within a few yards of the foot of the tree near which the body was discovered. The button is now in the hands of the autho rities. It is stated that the post mortem examination confirms the sus picion tha-. the deceased had received ill-usage previous to the murder. FIGHT £JETWEBNA SCOTCH TERRIER AND A LANDRAIL.-A ftw days ago, early in the morning, a navvie, accom panied by a strong terrier, was wending his way through the fields of Balbrogie, to j )in bis mates, who were engaged enlarging and strengthening the bank dykes on the edge of ths l3la. On near irtg the scene of this improvement Paddy's terrier, which had been running amongst a field cf Jong grass, all of a sudden pounc:-(i upon what turned out to be a Tartar. Pat, thinking the prize of some importance, ran to join in the conflict; but to his astonishment, he found that a (< corncraik" had taken a firm hold of Nanie, h's dog, by the nose. Just as one would have looked for, Paddy's sympathies were on the side of the " burdie," and he lost no time in rescuing it from its seeming dangerous posi ion, and carried it to the work, there narating the st' ry to his comrades who seemed to give little credit to what he asserted. On the bird being again set at liberty, it made for the bottom of a large dry ditch close by, and in spite . of every attempt to restrain the d-g, Nanie, whose blood was yet hot, de terminedto be avenged on her conqueror and furiou ly ran after it, in h pes that she might yet retrieve her honor. But to her surprise, when she had got within a few yards of the bird, the corn craik turneci round, and, with all the airs of a gamecock, spread his wings, and greeted Nanie with a few smart strokes in the facp, which immediately caused her retreat* " Cornie," who dis dained to strike after the (ail was turned, then proceeded on his journey; but Nanie, thinking she had not got enough, determined to have another trial with him, although in th:s she gained 33 little, if not less, honour than before, the bird always meeting her with the like punishment. This soit of work went on for the space of fifteen minutes, and all the'iaie thecorncra'kappeared to take the matter quite coolly; and when he considered that he had let Nanie see her standing, he sprang out of the ditch, turned him-elf in an unconcerned man ner, and betook himself to his shelter in peJce and triumph. The above is a true story, and, so far as we know is without a parallel. The bitch is a pure Scotch terrier, and full sized.-Perth Advertiser.. It is a good sign to sea the color of health upon a man's face, bat not to see it all concentrated in his nose. The editor of an American paper says he never saw but one gho?t, and that was. the ghosc of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. tl 'Twas terrible to look upon. " " MH, do you know why horses don't wear hats. " " No, Johnny." "Be cause it would give them a lios-tile ap» pearance." Why are soldiers apt to be tired in [' the raoctlx of April ? Because they have r just gone through a March. I Were you ever abroad ?-Not exactly, | but my mother's name was French. 'I Two Irishmen had breakfast in Lonr M don, at which au eg^ that was perfectly p hatched was served up. XJpon breaking g the shell the feathers of the bird being p too visible to the horrified Hibernians, [, one of them, exclaimed-' Devour it up, ! dam the taste, Pat, or we'll be charged ; with fowl.' I' A punster passing by the shop of a | Mr. Taswellj observed, that his name | would be spelt As-well without the T. | Why is a contented man of great . wealth like a ghost ?-Because he is a .jf happy rich :un (Apparition.) There is an eminent prelate now j living, who when tutor to a nobleman's son, was acked to marry off-hand a foreign young lady, with whom his pupil was smitten ; he did so. He did cot lose his reward, either as regards the great treasure of ajwife which he had got (with whom he lived many hippy years), or in the promotion to one of the wealthiest bishops in the church. A NARAOW ESCAPE. ~ Misther ! 1:1 Misther! whit have you done ?" said a ij little fellow with protruding eyes, to a ':i greenhorn, who had just tied his horse to a spruce po!e, as he thought, on the ; street. " Dote !" said the felkw, ''what ?j, do you mean ? I haiut bin doin' Inothin' as I knows on !" '' Why, yeth you have thir ; you've hitched your both to the Magnetic Telegraph, and you'll , be in Bothtou in leth than two minures, if you don't look oui!" The man unt ed * his horse with nervous arxitty, and jumping into his waggon, drove hastily dawn the street.-^.American Paper. 