THE PRESERVATION OF STONE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As other persons would follow the example of your correspondent " O. S.," and in a straightforward and rational spirit point to chemical facts and data for the guidance of professional and practical men, much good would accrue to the cause of science. Privileged slander might then give place to honest criticism, and inquiries be instituted for- truth's sake alone. A few words will set me right with your cor- respondent. At the recent meeting of the Insti- tute of Architects, I stated that we were trying " Ransome's application" of silicate of soda or potash, and afterwards a solution of chloride of calcium, or chloride of magnesia, constituting a silicate of lime, or silicate of magnesia. I further mentioned that raw linseed oil had been successfully tried, and that probably the application of both processes would be found the most effectual preservative against decay. In analysing the defective parts of the Darley stone, it is found to contain chlorides of calcium and magnesia. We have, therefore, one of the required, ingredients already in the stone, doing injury in its existing state, but capable of being, converted to good by combination with the sili- case of soda. I shall be very glad to confer personally with your correspondent on the above-named subject. I am, Sir, your most obedient Fen and, J. G. KNIGHT. 41, Albert-street, March 10. THE ISTHMUS OF SUEZ Paris letter in the Independance of Brussels says : " In consequence of an understanding come to between France and England, the difficulties relative to the Isthmus of Suez are now probably removed. Also, in order to be agreeable to England, the French Government has sent orders to its meet at Algeciras, the presence of which at that place , caused a certain degree of dissatisfaction to Jung land, to return to Toulon. This fact will be made officially known in the course of a few days. In return for this friendly proceeding on the part of France, the number of English vessels at Alge sires and Gibraltar is to be reduced nearly one half ; the vessels reduced are not, however, to return to England, but to go to Malta for the rest of the winter." THE DEAD of' 1859. Literature began the funeral procession of the months with the almost simultaneous obsequies of Hallam in England and of Prescott in America. These accomplished historians, who won their first golden spurs are almost the same moment, died within one week and by a curious coincidence, this double loss which letters were called to sustain in January was matched at the close of the year by the equally contemporaneous decease of Thomas De Quincey and of Washington Irving. Another conspicuous name within the restricted circle of the highest literary; culture of our times must be chronicled with these, - that of Sir James Stephen, Professor of History at the University of Cambridge, and who had long exercised a sort of consultative supervision over the education of the heir of the British throne. The world of politics has almost literally closed over the tomb of a great statesman whose doctrines had ruled the councils of Europe for nearly 40 years. There is something worthy of the Tragic Muse of Greece in the close which awaited the fatally brilliant career of Prince Metternich. His every, success had been a seeming victory over the instincts of the race, over the laws of progress, over the rights of men. And never had man been more seemingly successful than he, alike in Court and Cabinet. Talent, personal beauty, power, fame, wealth, had all been lavished upon the diplomatist whose skill had shaken down, as it was fancied, the whole fabric of the French. Revolution. He had long passed the ordinary limits of human life, had seen one after another of his great contemporaries fall around him, and was reserved himself to witness at last the utter downfall of the great System he had founded, the uprising of the Revolution, and even the returning ghost of the Emperor he had chained so strongly down upon the rock in the Indian Sea. The last sun on which he looked shone down upon the battle- field of Magenta. But the triumph which France and freedom won over the deathbed of Metternich was not unalloyed, The death of Alexis de Tocqueville robbed both of a loyal and drifted champion, who has left behind him. but a few in any land fully worthy to wear his mantles In our own country the ranks of our public men have been less sternly swept. Two diplomatists of respectable rank-Mr. Bush of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Mason of Virginia have been taken from us, and three senators have fallen, two of whom, Messrs. Geyer and Hannagan, had retired from political life. The death of the third, Mr. Broderick, of California, is not likely, we may hope, to be soon paralleled in our annals to which it has given our sad and sanguinary lesson more. One most able and faithful philanthropist has been removed from his labours in the person of Horace Mann, who loved the cause of education like a Pestalozzi, and toiled in it like a Howard. Our list grows upon our hands, and we might extend it almost indefinitely were we to attempt to include in it all the simply eminent persons whom the last New Year found in the busy front of life, but of whom the year which yesterday dawned will have no more I report to give to men. Two crowns have been taken, one from the forehead villanous low" of the hated Ferdinand of Naples, one from the lovely brow of the gentle Stophanio of Portugal. The cruel Yeh went to his bloody account in far India, and the sweet voice of one of the world's sweetest singers, Madame Rosie, was frozen into silence among the snows of St. Petersburg. Busy and prosperous as life has been death has been busy and prospered too, and the Old Year's annual lesson lies before us to-day in a shape more striking, if not more solemn, that it always wears to our too hasty and heedless eyes New York Times. M. EDMOND ABOUT ON PROTESTANTS. M. About has a feuilleton in the Opinion Nationale, devoted in the present number to the Protestants of Alsace. He says :-" I had every reason to suppose that the Protestants of Alsace, being rebels, trampled under foot the laws of the Empire, refused to pay taxes, evaded military service, set at nought morality, and pilfered other men's goods. For, in point of fact, a sect which is destined to certain damnation would be very silly if it were to deny itself any possible enjoyment in this present world. But the things I have heard here completely astonish me. I have been assured by a Catholic policeman that the Emperor has no more devoted more peaceable, or more irreproachable subjects than these cursed heretics. A Catholic officer swears to me that his best soldiers are Protestants. I learn from a Catholic tax-gatherer that the Protestants not only pay their taxes regularly, but that many of them make it a point of paying all their contribution for the year on New Year's day. A Catholic superintendent of woods and forests declares to me that in a canton of which three-fourths of the inhabitants are Protestants, 93 per cent, of the offences against the forest laws are committed by Catholics, I could not believe my ears. ' But, gentlemen,' I exclaimed, with all the authority of the true faith, 'it is most certain that Catholics are more enlightened than Protestants, since their light comes from on High. Moreover, they must necessarily be more rich, because, as we know ' Dieu prodigal son beens A deux quit lent you d'etre sirens.' They civilly answered me that I was altogether in error. That the heroic youth of this district was better educated than our own, and for this reason, that the Protestant ministers were able and zealous men, who throw their whole souls into their work; while, on the other hand, the good Catholic priests of Alsace knew nothing more than how to say mass and curse Protestants. They further told me that the Protestants are the best farmers, that their dwellings are the neatest and cheapest, that they are the best men of business, and make fortunes more frequently than Catholics. They showed me Protestant villages in a state of the highest prosperity, lands yielding rich harvests, and flourishing manufac- tures- such, for example, as those of 51. Golden burg Lynch M. Schatcnman. They showed me Catholic hamlets, and even towns, in which idleness drunkenness, and misery enjoyed a fraternal reign, notwithstanding that all the women attend mass every day, and that the men kept more than 100 Saints' days in a year. ' You see,' said a heretic to me, that the influence of Roma I is felt afar off. If may be compared to the sirocco which blows across the deserts of Africa and throws us upon our backs at Strasburg. It i is a happy thing for us that we have found a shelter against the blast from Borne. And, remember this, that if our kings of the 16th century I had allowed France to become altogether" Protestant, it would at this time of day have become infinitely more rich and more moral than it is This hypothesis so shocked my Catholic pride that I exclaimed to the Protestant, ' Sir, what you have just said appears to me a monu- ment of hypocrisy, and an ignoble tissue of con- tradictions. In this way I shut him up. For between ourselves, his arguments were not easy to refute, and when you do not feel yourself able to answer a man, the shortest way out of the difficulty is to insult him." 