A SHORT TRIP TO THE DOWNS AND BACK. (Communicated.) Now that I am once more safely housed in Lime- stone, I feel a burning desire to make known my experiences of the last fortnight, and to see how I look in print. As my published compositions have hitherto been confined to advertisements, I feel the usual qualms of a neophyte, but think that by sticking to a plain, unvarnished tale, I may manage to scramble through somehow or other. I took notes and kept a journal during my tour, and as I credited but half that I saw, and nothing that I heard, may reasonably conclude that I have not been imposed upon to any very serious extent. It was on a bright sunny, morning, fanned by a gentle breeze, that, the horrors of the Ipswich streets fairly overcome. I found myself on the Fassifern road. Shuddering at the perils I had encountered between Watty Gray's and the new bridge, I set spurs to my horse, and after jogging for four hours through some of the ugliest and most uninteresting country it was ever my lot to traverse, I found my self at the Bush Inn; and a very pattern for Bush Inns it is. The proprietor keeps a black-fellow for no other porpose than to shoot and fish for his table, and consequently 'beef, mutton, mutton, beef,' is not the despairing alternative there. An explosion of firearms towards dusk announced, as my host said, the death of a rabbit which was to grace my breakfast table next morning ; but as no leader feet appeared in the dish, and I had been sensible through the night of a melancholy and bereaved style of mewing, I stuck to the cutlets, and filling my pocket pistol, started for the range. I was surprised to find no Inn between Fassifern and Warwick ; surely one at the foot of the range would pay well. I passed the remains of what I was informed had constituted Jubb's Inn, about 24 miles from Warwick, but was informed by a facetious bullock driver that the eccentric proprietor had tossed up whether he was to shoot himself or burn down the house, and fortune deciding for the con- flagration, a lucifer match did the rest. It was, in consequence, very late ere I reached Warwick, and knocked up the inmates of the Downs' Inn : and correspondingly late on the following day before I turned out to view the town, its environs, and lions. I had been so much pleased with my ride over the range, with the bright foliage of the many varied creepers, the gigantic trees, and the musical 'tinkle tinkle' of the merry little bellbirds, that I had made up my mind to find in Warwick a fitting terminus to a journey marked by so many natural beauties. Nor was I disappointed. Warwick is immeasurably the prettiest, the best laid out, and the most compact township in Queensland. I was agreeably surprised to find that it could boast of three places for public worship, several large stores, and four thriving public-houses. The Court-house is a disgrace to any community; nevertheless, it is an object of interest to all who have for some years past studied the local journals; for, from that mouldy temple have issued those wonderful and jury- convulsing mandates which have spread the fame of the Warwick bench far and wide, the innocent bullocks to wit, and those constable-tantalising documents, which, upon examination, are sure to exhibit some omission, or blunder, wrong name, no date, or some- thing or other, which has entailed upon the exasperated officials a wild goose chase. The vagaries of local justice has not, however, to all appearances impeded the progress of the place. Cultivation has not been neglected, and wheat, maize, potatoes, ex- cellent vegetables and fruit, attest the capabilities of the soil. The river, which winds around the town, affords a never-failing supply of water, and lead ere long to the establishment of flour and saw- mills. Taken altogether, Warwick is a thriving little town, and destined to play at no distant period an important part in the new colony. Pleased, nay delighted, with the result of my observations, and tired with my perambulations, I returned to mine inn, where I was made aware, in the course of con- versation, of the existence of a township styled Leybourne, (Leyburn) or Canal Creek, which lay between me and Drayton, and a visit to which would agreeably divide an otherwise fatiguingly long ride. I reached the said Leybourne about noon on the following day, and found it a snug little hamlet, with two stores, a blacksmith's shop, and two public houses; the one at which I put up displaying the trimmest kept yard I have seen for many a day. I doubt from its situation, whether Canal Creek is ever destined to become much larger. It is, however, the nucleus of a thriving neighbourhood, but, shame to the Downs' members be it said, is neither favoured with police protection nor a post-office; not a solitary constable to keep peace, and the letters higgledy- piggledy in sport of family bag. In the event of their M.Ps. paying them a visit, one could forgive some ebullitions in the defunct fellow and ovarious deposit line on the part of the neglected Leybouneites. Next morning, hey for Drayton! Jog, jog, through uninteresting ridges, and over large plains, dotted with, sheep and cattle, past an accommodation house situated on a creek overhung by some pretty willows, past a worn-out looking racecourse, with a stand about the size of a sentry box, some more stony ridges, and Drayton bursts upon the view. Burst into sight! Did it? Well, I only adopted the stereotyped mode of dragging an Alpine village into a shilling novel, sucessfully done, every day, by those hand-to-mouth authors who have a fair lover and a dark tower, a coach upset, a monk, an ambling palfrey, a mysterious guide, and a faithful serving man. I could not but think of G. P. R. James when the ragged outline of tumble-down huts, perched in the most inaccessible spots, elaborated itself, through nearer approach, into the most chaotic assemblage of domiciles that a demon — not human — surveyor could in his malignity devise; an amalgamation of 'Crows' Nest' and ' Hawks' Hollow. And as for the gullies! But hold: first let me state that I wound my way up a steep hill, turned sharp to the right, skillfully avoided a collection of pavement and tombstones laid down to form a road by some wide-awake contractors, whom may the public re- member and reward: staggered down a well-rutted hill, up another muddy rise, and found myself face to face with an appalling representation of a blue and white buffalo, with the magic word 'royal,' in gilt letters, over his threatening horns. Despite the fearful appearance of the beast, there was some- thing in his eye - a wink, no doubt left there on purpose by the painter — that seemed to speak of good cheer, so in I turned, and found myself in a fine coffee- room, jammed up against a suspicions looking mountain, and affording a noble view of two small stores, a tailor's shop about four feet square, and five peach trees in premature bloom. Contented and happy, I mixed a jorum of punch; was assured of the speedy advent of a spatchcock by a waiter, apparently on springs, and of the most musical character; had 'me' boots forcibly abducted by the most energetic of Erin's daughters, 'sure to dry them it was;' saw my nag in the hands of a romantic looking ostler who might, as far as looks go, play 'Don Cesar de Bazan.' or 'Mephisto- pheles,' at a moment's warning; and made up my mind that, as for quarters, I had "hit it" for once. Well, after doing justice to the murdered fowl, I hired a guide, and wandered out to take stock of this renowned township. Fancy about five good sized gullies diverging through mountain gorges; the spaces between these cut up again by numerous small water-courses; and then the little dry spot remaining, a sort of backgammon board of gutters; houses dabbed down here, there, and everywhere, a jolly pound-keeper rattling the silver in his pockets; 'Chow Chows,' i.e., natives of China driving their horses to and from the water; three melancholy storekeepers, one a most interesting young man in a painfully 'expinsive' coat, 'Doublin' fashion, 1827; another seated at an orthodox table bestrewed with accounts and prominent billheads, sighing for custom, and having a nod for every man who comes into the shop, and a sly look for every "purty" lass; the third doing the domestic, to make up for years mal-spent, and "knuckling down", and going "peg in the ring" with the rising generation amid groves of balls, dolls, and squeaking dogs, to say nothing of standing unlimited "lollies"; a ghost of an auctioneer wading through the mud to the post-office, where he is encountered by a hairy swell of Patagonian proportions, who sells stamps and "sugars" snobs in a grumpy off-hand way; a darling boot and shoemaker, who has the reputation of having sworn the hind-leg off a dog at home, and is now possessed of a favourite oath that can turn a calf inside out, a sentimental blacksmith, given to the fiddle, and with beery hankering after the "Lass of Gowrie", "Bessie Bell", "Annie Laurie," or some Scottish fair one; some little native "gals" with tremendous hoops and ditto ankles; a deserted foal, a lugubrious sprinkling of poultry, many goats, — and there you have Drayton! Oh, dear me I how my feet ached after toiling up and down the rugged ascents and descents which form the streets of this favoured township. It must eventually, should Gheve's theory of animals taking part in the government of the world ever come true, become a colony of goats. Cats I should be sorry to see; they are smaller, their fur is less valuable, they are more dangerous to catch, and their morals are decidedly a good many pegs below that of the Capri ; so goats let it be, Monsieur Gheve, and remember, when you visit Australia after the triumph of your theory, forget not him who, unhonoured, like all prophets, doomed Drayton to a colony of 'Billies.' (To be continued.) 