YESTERDAY'S GAZETTE: : Rules and Regulations op the Volunteer Rii-le Companies in Victoria. — The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, hiv been pleased to direct that ' The Rules and Regu lations for t'10 guidance of Volunteer Rifle Com ? panics in Victoria,' gazetted on tho 27th July, 1859, be cancelled, special rules and regulations having been passed by tho several volunteer rifle ? companies; . The Volunteer Nav.u. Bkigade. — rho Go vernor, with the advice of the Executive Council, lias been pleased to appoint Commander Kay, Royal Navy, to be Captain commanding tho Volunteer Naval Brigade in Hobson's Bay, with . rank corresponding to a lieutenant-colonel in the volunteer land forces. Royaij Victoria Volunteer Artillery Rhoi ment. — F. G. Moule, Esquire, having tendered, his resignation of the commission held by him as Second Lieutenant in the Royal Victoria Volun teer Artillery Regiment, the Governor, with tho advicc of the Executive Council, has been pleased to accept the same. . . APPOINTMENTS. — William Wilkinson Wardell, Esquire, to be a member of the Central Board of Health in the room of Charles Pasley, Esq., ab- sent from the colony. Edward Richardson, Es- quire, of Essendon, to be a member of the local Board of Health for the district of Flemington, in the room of Collier Robertson, Esq., deceased. William Lyall, Esquire, M.L.A., and Alexander Brock, Esquire, to be Commissioners for the examination of cattle supposed to be affected with pleuro-pneumonia, without salary. Clement Hodgkinson, Esquire, Melbourne, (Deputy Sur- veyor General), to be added to the roll of magis- trates for the colony of Victoria. Edward Lintott, Alexander Beatson Balcombe, and Harley Goodall, to be the trustees of the land at Snapper Point, presented by J. Armstrong, Esq., as a site for the use of the Church of England. Henry J. Haines, William Small, William Sellers, James Hannah, and Thomas Kittle, to be the trustees of the land set apart at Whroo as a site for a public cemetery. The Very Reverend Hussey Burgh Macartney, George Abbott, and John 'Davidson, to be the Trustees of the land at Donnybrook, presented by F. R. Godfrey, Esq., as a site for tlieuso of the Church of England. Henry Saunders, John Nevinson,' Richard Bone, James Holding, find William A. Kenny, to bo Trustees of the land set apart at Lockwood as a site for the use of the Weslsvun Church. James Collier to bo a Trustee ot thb land set apart at Beechworth for the pur pose of a Public Cemetery, in the room of W. S. Ilazelton, resigned. Thomas Vaughan, .Isaac Berrett, James Fry, George Thornton, and Joseph Quiney, to be the Trustees of the land at ' Minersrest, presented by Charles Seal, Esq., as it site for the use of the Church ol England. The liev. J. D. Dodgson, Bnuisley Fox, James Leathcrdale, John T. Gange, and Samuel Hib bcrt, to be the Trustees of the land set apart at Portarlington as a site for the use of the Wesleyan Church. Thomas ? Itae, Esquire, surgeon, to be Public Vaccinator for the District of Colac, in the room ofE. J. Walslie, Esq., resigned. Henry Duncan Church, to be Clerk of the County Court and Court of Mines at Avoca, in the room of Thomas Taylor, transferred, commencing duty 011 the 1st July last. Henry Duncan Church, (Acting C.P.S., Avoca, &e.;) to be Clerk of Petty Sessions at Avoca, Ijimplough, and' Amphi theatre, from the 1st' July last, in the room of Thomas Taylor, transferred. To be Inspector of Slaughter-houses and of' Cattio intended, for slaughter, &c.;, viz. : — Mounted Constable Miohael M'Sweeney (J.18), for the Rokewood police dis trict, at Steiglitz, uiee Constable Draper, trans ferred. Mounted Constable Donald M'Kuy (L 43). for tho Ovens police district, ot Morse's Creel?. vice Constable Campbell, deceased. Mounted Constable Thomas Wilson (L. 14]}, for the Ovens polieo district, at Beechworth, vice Senior Con stable Beers, transferred. Mounted Constable Michael Feely (M.8), for the Gipps Land police district, at Sale, vice Constable O'Cinnor, trans ferred. To, bo Deputy Registrars of Births and Deaths for the districts subjoined to their respec tive names, viz. : — Edwin Bennett, for the dis trict of Pleasant Creek, vice Georgo Bull,, re signed. John Wliitty, for tho district of Wood stock. John Peacock, for the district of Janefleld. Our Defences. — The public needed no ghost to tell it what a direful calamity womld be the' occupation of London .by an invading enemy. And Lord Overstone is not richer than any other man of conunbn sense and experience in. his ? knowledge upon this subject.- He says what, all say, it must not be. «Hc places his first lino of defence in the channel, and supposing any seriou« reverse to happen there, 'then the next line must be taken up foot to foot with the enemy. There aie, indeed, three lines ; first, tho fleet; secondly, opposition to a landing; thirdly; if that great difficulty be mirmountcd, our armie3 covering Loudon, and contesting every inch of ground, with tho advantage of knowledge of the country aud tlm colnmand of all _ its resources, while the enemy wouldrcmain with only.the exhaustible supplies he had brought with him. Let us suppose, for a moment, that our first defence failed, our fleet being worsted ; in nn engagement. Fven' his improbable event could not ocour without much loss to the 'enemy ; for his transports could not escape much damage or destruction, and his disposal force would be at least considerably diminished. ' . But there' may be no battle at 'sea, it may be suggested, and tlie enemy's fleet may give ours tho slip, and. come upon our coast unobserved. Cbnsiderimg what the scale of such a fleet must be, and the narrow ness of the waters their vessels, would coyerjit,i« hardly possible to suppose that soliuge an armada could escape our; fleets, but even, in that event there would remain, in face of it, the immetise difficulty of a landing either with or withoutire sistance.. It is tho fashion, wo know, to, make lightofthis difficulty, aud to supposeit easy to place men, baggage, artillery, nmmunication, and liorsc* in boats, and run them ashore onywh'ere ; bu't our officers who experience of the disembarkation in the Crimea in flue weather, without; baggage and with few horses, aiid unopposed by thb enemy, will bear testimony to tho immense difficulty of the operation in circumstances the most favorable ; and far from certain, indeed, must havo been the result in that instance, if tho Russians had offerod the resistance in their power, in which case tho expedition, if it could have effected the landing, must have done so at the cost of - a loss seriously impairing its strength. But let us supposo this obstacle overcome; let us supposo the Fronch . landing with as much ease as passengers out of packets, and carrying their horses and artillery and munitions of war ashore as lightly as if they wore carpet lags ; what next ? Why within twenty four hours all the troops in Groat Britain, regular and irregular, would be assembled at any point pitched upon as a stand against the invaders.: . Our railways would enable us to concentrate all our forces in less than a day, and to.fumish tliem with all supplies in any position tlioy may occupy. This is the true' fortification on which we have * to place our dependence, tho ; living lines, the flesh and blood, bulwark 'of the war. -With the cause that would inspire such a force it is a wrong to our countrymen to conceive tho possi bility of defeat, -but even.in.that disastrous ovent, and the occupation; oftlio capital, wo believe I that the patriotism and dovotion of the country would rise equal to the emcrgeney, and sparo no exertion, 110 sacrifice, for tlio; rescue of London, and the expulsion of the invaders. — Examiner. A Pleasant Topic. — It is, however, no un common tiling to hoar men wonder that John Bull, ordinarily so tenacious and prone to inter ference, should bo so remarkably quiescent, while France, little by little, seems gaining such ascen dancy. Many who are slow to commend the Emperor cannot refuse to admit the admirable manner in which he has calculated all things, and bent them to his original design. One by one each of the Powers who combined against Im perial France have had tho staff broken in their hands, and England, who alone has re ceived no humiliation, is completing a pro cess of isolation that may make a future struggle one of life or death with her. All men of all parties express themselves with confidence that a day is fast approaching when a mighty contest must take place, nnd few scruple to say that with such muterials as Franco can now command, both on sea nnd land, tlio result can not be doubtful. At tho bottom of the French character the old enmities havo takon such deep root that the calmest blood stirs with-greater fer - vor when the prostration of England is promised ; nnd there is no doubt that the association of thU with the power and policy of the Emperor, is in creasing his prestige more and more. Besides, he BcemB Fortune's favorite son— and who does no love to ensconce himself within the shadow ofhai charmed circle ? — Pari * Correspondent of th* Nrm York Herald. \ ' 