THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. XIIEATIlll BOYAl. It may fairly bo taken for granted that or tho very numerous audience assembled on Monday evening last, ostensibly to rcceivo the last farewell of Mr. Hudson, half had been attracted by a desire to see Mr. John D/cw, who had, in the friendliest spirit, proffered his services on tho occasion, while many, no doubt, were glad to avail themselves of the opportunity presented to them of making a comparison betweea two delinea tors of Irish character, each of whom was to appear in a favourite part in the samo theatre and. on the same evoninir. Tho first piece was ' Tho Irish Emigrant,' a drama manufactured in the United States, and'possess ing a very meagro amount of merit, its more sorious portions, indeed, being quite beneath criticism. Never theless, Pat O'BrUn, the poor emigrant, is amply In vested wilh thoso attributes which, in these days, are almost certain to secure success. Pat is honest and simple minded ; but ha is full of ignorance and stupidity, and strange to say, it is for his manifestation of theso last qualities with such admirable truth to literal nature, especially exemplified in Handy Andy, that Mr. John Drew ia so great a favourite with his own countrymen. This character, and others of a similar type, are unques tionably represented by Mr. Drow with consummate ability. He would seem to havo closely studied his Pat O'Brun on tho quays of Dublin and Now York, and his Handy Andy In some''C»sVlo Rackrcnt' of 'ould Ireland,' where utter botheration and an improvised management of diurnal affairs are tho order of tho day, from squireen to tucking pig. In these delineations, voice, accent, and geature are rendered wivh surprising fidelity, while. tho outward man of each is copied with photographic exactness. Mr. Drow has ono fault against an indulgence in which we exhort him to guard him self with all his might — a fault generated by his uncom mon success in these colonies. During tho progress of a play, an aetor, ambitioi's to be accounted nn artist, gnores tho existence of a a audience, only awaking to a consciousness of their prosunce, when ho has to mako his io\7 with tho rest of tlie dramatis persona. Mr. Drew, now and then, but as yet not unploaaautly, is a little too conscious of their presence, and of his own i\nougst them. Vcrbum sat. Ho will amend this, Littlo need bo said as to tho manner in which tho other characters wero played. Mr. Crcswick ?;, quite out, of his lino iu Tom Bobolink- »m 'tin. Bobaiink is a part unsuited to Mias Fanny Young. The ultra-hard Mr. Granite, and tho extra soft Mr. Sfer/i/w, found as good reproaenta tivealnMr.Blreh and Mr. Gardiner as they deserved, and Mrs. Amy Howard was formidable Inifrt. dnm griskin, tho landlady, ruthless in tho ca»o of non-paying ' ? . ? ? ? lodgers. Tho Rory O'&Iort; of Mr. Hudson is well known to the Melbourne public, and is, perhaps, tho most popular of his representations. He never played t»e part bettor j and Rtry being, liko Pal 0' Brim, an Irish peasant, the distinctive styles of the two actors were brought into prominence. We nro in no humour to enter into comparisons. Mr. John Drow, for aught wo know to tho contrary, may reacmblo Mr. Barnoy Williams; Mr. Hudson, without being a direct imita tor, is a disciplo of Power. Wo may say, however, of tho two r»en lately boforo us, after haviag seen each in all tho characters ho has played in this city, that where as in Hudson's low Irishman something of tho gen tleman will still be detected, Drow's Milesian gentle man will still be found to havo something of the low Irishman in him. Mr. Hudson took leave of his Mel bourne fricuds in a short, but graceful and grateful speech. Mr. Fawcett, Mr. Harry Jnckson, and Mr.*, winterbottom greatly aided the effect cf ' Rory O'Mor»' by their excellent acting. When wo heard that a now introduction had been composed or adapted for the pantomime at this theatre, wo wero somewhat reminded of 'the old dog in a new doublet;' but we wont to witness it on Tnesday evening. And certainly, tho substitution is to bo commended, for Planchi?8 'Golden Branch' puts forth a not very intelligible story, whilst tho plot of 'Nipperkin' is perfectly pellucid. This same worthy, towit,iTi;))ieriin(Mr.Jnckson), hasa tendency towards prying into such affairs of tho preter natural world as ara subjoct to tho agoncy of elves and sprites, and being a dovout believer in the oxistenco of these airy beings, he carries about with him a manual written by Diaholus Somebody, in which tho neophyte is instructed as to tho manner in which ho should com port himself under any given circumstances controlled by fays or fiends. It chances that one morning, having received a severs rebuko from his mother (Mrs. Glad stone) on his inattention to business, ho is most unex pectedly (his good mother baring left him) salutod by an aerial chorus, and presently tho clock, and everything on the breakfast table ' ? into strange vagaries fall, ' As tnejr would dance.' Terrified out of his wits, his hair standing on end, ho flics, pulling himself up at the ' forest dell.' Here, the ruling passion still strong upon him, ho must needs try conclusions at ' the wishing well,' when, lot a juvenile imp rises out of it, armed with traditionary pitchfork, compelling tho delirious Nipperkin to seek refuge in a tree, whence he beholds wonders which must now bo told.. Prince Popineau, a fast young man (Mrs Winter bottom), contracted to tho Princcts Popolini, a 'gush- ing young thing' (Mrs Amy Howard), is on a hunting expedition, and is accompanied, amongst others, . by Count Bcaupri, a used-up Adonis of forty (Mr. Faw'- cett). The hunting party come to a halt at tho wish ing well, and here the count declines accompanying tho prince; farther, pleading fatigue. Alone, and with nothing to do, tho eunnyi gentleman, by way of a stimulant, applies to tho wishing well, and a fairy,' tho queen of the elves (Miss Holroyd) appears, who shows him, in a temple hard by, the enchanted statue. This fascinating piece of sculpture, afterwards Elhclinda (Miss Earn, excites the admiration of the count, 'who expresses his desire to obtain it, whon the fairy presents him with three roses that symbolize three wishes, warning him, howover, that each wish will co3t him ten years of hia life. With a rashness hardly to havo been expected from ss well- preserved a gentleman as tho count, ho makes himself seventy in no time,'— his first rose having boon thrown away to give life to tho statue, his second, to giving it motion, his third, to endowinuit with sense. And now Prince Popineau returns, finds his^middle-aged friend incontinently de clined into tho vale of years, and falls in love with tho amiable Sthelinda, who, on her part, encourages the addresses of tho young prince, utterly carelo33- about what may become of tho in6rm old dotard who had squandered thirty years in transla ting her out of marble into a desirable wifo for Prince Popineau, who is now minded to , prove false to the ' gushing young thing' betrothed to him. The Prince and JSUitlinda are eventually married, and the Count recovers his thirty years — we shall not toll how. .Mean while Ifipptrkin undergoes purgation. Still harping on the probability of wealth, the gift of beneficent elves, he is encountered by Polvinski, the miller's daughter (Miss Fanny Young), whom ho had of late somewhat neglected. This girl, aware of tho weakness of her lover, represents herself as a fiend disguised in the likeness of herself— Polyimki — and she prevails upon him, in consideration of certain promised worldly advantages, to append his name to a contract, afterwards to be signed by 'the underwriter below,' wherein he gives himself over, after a prescribed' timo, to be done unto as to his most sulphuric tnijesty may seem most fit ' This document, however, is a contract of marriage, a circumstance which is revealod to Nipperkin at the moment such intelli gence is acceptable to him. Tho fun of the piece— and there is a very fair amount of fun— is chiefly in the hands of Mr. Jackson and Miss Fanny Young, and they make the most of it. Yet Mr. Fawcett makes tho used up Adonis amusing; and Mr. Birch and Mrs. Amy How ard, as the father and daughter 'sold' by Prince Popi neau, add to the comic effect of the piece. We must not forget Miss Earl, who was very sylph-like and fraceful. Renewed life has been given to the pantomime y 'Nipperkin.' ' RafTaello, tho Reprobate,' whichpro ceded the pantomime, has been played on the Melbourne stage at distant intervals, but many of our readers know nothing about it, which is not greatly to bo regretted. Tho plot is told in a few words. Raffacllt, Count tie Foix (Mr. Fawcett), is a young French nobleman, of very loose morality so far as women are concerned, and accordingly when his friend, Count dc Monte (Mr. Cro3 wick), tells him that he has fallen in lovo with a young sempstress, Pauline (Miss Fanny Young), hinting that ho Is half- willing to marry her, the reprobate laughs at De Monti's conscientious scruples, and persuades him to a mock marriage with tho gin, oftcrlng himself to per sonate a priest The villany is accomplished, and tho girl is carried away to tho chateau of her betrayer. About a fortnight afterward*, however, Count Raffatlle learns (wo need not tollhow), that Pauline is his own sister, who in her infancy had been stolen by gipsies, and ho hastens to the country mansion of De Monte, to induce or compel him' to marry Pauline. Ho comes at the moment whon the girl bad mnde discovery of the deceit that had been practised upon her, and when De Monte is overwhelmed by remorso. -si This con scientious gentleman, who tells us more than once during the play that he has been betrayed into' error by tho evil counsel oflhis friend, the reprobate, wpuld willingly make all needful reparation to his beloved Pauline; but the fact is, he is sorry to tell It, but ho can da nothing of the kind— for he is already married. But relief and re lease are at band, brought by Gregory Jumble, a Lon don publican (Mr. Jackson) who has been hunting after the Count de Monte during tha whole piece without being able to light upon him, but who now appoars nod hands tho Count a ring, with a verbal notification that his wife is dead, whereupon the Count promises him a thousand pounds, greets hi) prospective brother-in- law,, thqreprobate, and embraces his Pauline. This ' Kaflaello' is a very unpleasant drama. Tho reprobate is a wretched ungentlemanly scoundrel, and De Monte a contemptible hypocrite, while no opportunity is afforded Pauline of showing any qualities that might make her interesting to the audience. Mr. Fawcett was out of his element in the various parts of his character, Mr. Creswick was a little tamo, and Miss Fanny Young could make nothing of ? Pauline. Mr. Jackson raised some merriment in Gregory Jumble. It gave us no common amount of pleasure to see so numerous and fashionable an audienco at the farewell benefit of Mr. Lambert, which took place on Thursd»y^evening. 'Everybody's Friend,' which commenced the entertainments, was brought out at this theatre several weeks since, and tho majority of our Melbourno roaders will, doubtless, recollect Mr- Lam- bert's Major Wellington De Boots— ono of his best do lineations in modern light comedy. It was admirably performed in all its characters on Thursday evening. In his farewell address, which was no tamo, trite, studied composition, but an effusion straight from tho heart of the actor, Mr. Lambort entered into no explanation of tho rearons which bad induced him to leavo tho colony and to extend bis fame elsewhere, neither did he hold outmuch expectation of ourseeing him again, so that we miy now assure ourselves that we have Io9t one of tho best comedians, if Hot tho very best, that evor risitod the Australian colonies. The audienco wers taken by surprise by an agreeable circumstance, for which no advertisement had prepared them. This was the pre sentation of a testlmonal to Mr. Lambert, by Mr. Noild, on.tho part of tho other subscribers. This slight bat elogant token of esteem and regard, is a cup, made of an emu's (gg, silver-mounted, the stem representing » tree fern, the corer surmounted with the figure of an emu. it was manufactured by Messrs. Walsh and Sons, of Collins street It will not do that - such an actor as Lambert should go from amongst us without one word la commendation of his rare piofcBiional abilities, which, to say tho truth, tlie Melbourna public were not slow to appreciate. We havo seen Mr. Lambert in a wide diversity of charaotcrs of legitimate comedy, characters rendered famous by Dowton, Mundcu, Farrcn and Fawcett, and tho actor we are now to lose, ot rather have lost, has played them all with a doxtorous nnd plastic ability which, we hesi tate not to say, uo comedian now living could briiist to thorn. Munden nnd Fnrren wore great In Sir Peter Feuzlo, but they would nevor havo thought of playing Sir Oliver Surface ;— Djwton, great in Sir Oliver, durst never touch Sir Peter Teazle. And yet we have seen Mr. Lambert perform both characters, in a manner tint would have extorted the applause of those famous artists. Wo have aeon him play John Fawcett's parts as well as th»t aotor, who had a very restriotod range, could himself have played them, nndlifs ATr. Simpson,in ' Simpson and Co.,' is about as great aa that of Terry, whilo no less a comedian than William Fnrren could innko little or nothing of that cliarnctor. Wo greatly regrot that the Melbourne stage should have sufierod such a deprivation ai the loss ol Mr. Lambort will bo soon felt to be: m we ix.vr.r.vx opeiia. A brief senson oi Italian opera will commence on Monday noxtnt tho Theatre Royal, and will introduce to us Siguor nnd Slgnora Bianchl, supported by Miss Octavia Hamilton, Mrs. Hancock, Mr. l'arquharaon, aad Hcrr Schlutcr. Tho ohonis has boon considerably increased and the bind greatly augmented, and a greater operatic troat will bo provided, than Melbourne, to say the least, hai enjoyed for u considerable tlmo. We have the less hesitatiqa In proclaiming this, that we have been privilege to attend one ol tho rehearsals, during which wo were led to build high «{^'a''OI}ormf0JhB tion to 'Ml Troratore,' ' Lucreiia Borgia, and « Norma.' ss,g XIIEA.TnE. ? ', Mr. Brooke never played Matthew Elmore f'^\\\ Sacrifice' more effectively than ho did on Fiulay night last week, and Miss Herbert, who has improved m rador- fully within the last twelvemonth, performed Margaret with much feeling. Mr. Eilwnrds surprised us, too, by he excellence of his Paul LtfoM. There Is a Mr Daniells hero who has lately leapt out of obscut ity, and whomavene day rise into renown. This gentleman s Jean Rise was a very clever piece of acting, and Mrs Winterbottom was spirited and vivacious in ^ermime This plar was a treat, as itever will bo when it is wen plavcd. Mr. Brooke brought his twelve nights' porform ancesto an end with 'Macbeth,' represented for tho fourth time. The new scenery is finely painted : but the Charles Kean effects, which we liked not n London, we cannot abide here. Tho banket scene is ill-arranged with a view to dramatic effect, and the ghost of Banquo in tho diaphanous pillar is worthy only of J.om Thumb' or 'Bombastes Furioso.' On Monday even ing, Nicholas Howe's tragedy, ' Jane Shore, was produced at this theatre. This ploy, in the representation of which, sixty years aso, the ta ents ot John and Charles Kcmblc, Georgo Frederick Cooke, and Mrs Siddons, were brought into requisition, has of late years beon thoroughly vulgarised on the London boards, beine played (as likewise Lillo's ' George Barnwell') on Boxing Nights and Easter Mondays. It is a tragedy gone through, as it were, in dumb show— a something for 'the gods,' clamorous for the pantomime or grand fairy spectacle, to expend their noise upon. But, to say the truth, 'Jnne Shore' must be playedvery finely indeed to work much effect upon an audience. Tho verso is smooth and flowing, with; however, a wearisome uniformity of structure and a drowsy^ mo notony of cadence, and there is not sufficient incident to satisfy modern requirements. Jane Shore, persecuted by the crook- backed Olo'sler, is starved to death, as in ' the old story or legend ; but the worthy bnker in the talc) who would have relieved Jane, is in the ploy her husband, who would gladly take her to his arms again. Alicia, the mistres3 of Hastings, jealous of that noble man's love for Ja»c, and who eventually brings about tho destruction of both, is a creation of tho poet. How Cooko played tho part of Dumont we. do not know; Mr. Maddocks did not ma'*o much of it ; but Mr. Sefton'sff/oVfrand tho Hastings of Mr. Ed wards were creditable. Great praiso is justly duo to Mrs. Vickory for tho enenry she throw into the part ot Alicia, and for her admirable declamation; nnd Miss Herbert's Jane Shore was throughout sweet and gentle, and in tho last scene- mest touching. The play was repeated on the following cvcniHg, but we 'guess' we shall not soon see it aimin. Mntmin's tragedy, or rather, -five-act melodrama in Wank verse, was produced on Wednesday evening, for the purpose — ono might almost supposo-^f affording a further proof of the deceit men .practise upon themselves in relation to their own special merits Mr. Maddocks thinks he can shine in the character of Bertram, whereas it is a part which draws him on to his confusion, by compellinn; him to exaggerate Ml the worst vices of his style. ' Bertram' is n very vicious and repulsive play, nnd wo wero almost sorry to see Miss Herbert lavishing- her very beit powers upon tho cha racter of Imoginc It was the elder Kean alone, in tho first splendour of his fame, who could gild such a mass of putrescence as ' Bertram.' Its d ay is gone by ; let us be thankful therefor. CMEMOMWE OinDEXS, Who is (o oxpect in a place of public resort which al ready contains so many attractions, novelties that trip up each other's heels beforo cither has had time to com mend ihelf to tho general approval ? ' Ici on Parle Franeais,' brought from tho Olympic, where it was very popular, is one of the smarten farces that has appeared for a long time. It is very seldom that the theatre-gaer sees so mu:h good acting in so brief a space of time, and in so limited an area as tin parlour of Mr. SprUjg'ms' lodging-bouso. Mr. Webster is. jrreat in tho young Frenchman, . Yidtr Duhois, Mr. Rogers imperatively tyrannous in Major 'Regulm Rattan, and Mr. Har wood, tho most harassed and perplexed of mortals in Mr. Spriggins, the lodging-house keeper. Tho Bervant of all work, by Mias Mortimer, is n picture drawn from the life. The pantomime has not yet begun to lose its attraction, and tho gnrdens are nightly fre quented by numerous anil highly respectable visitors. The olegaut little theatre has proved a marked suocesi. PIIOVIKOUK. ' . Batxaaiut. — Miss Avonia Jones and Mr. Fitzgerald made their last appearance nt tho Royal, on Saturday night, as Medea and Jason, in the tragedy of ' Medea.' Mrs. Malinda Jones appeared for tho first and only time as Helen M'G'egor, in ' Rob Roy,' on tho samo oc casion. On Monday night Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Youngo mado their bow in tho comedy of' Married Life,' meeting with an excellent reception from a good house. On Tuesday, 'Tho Waterman' was produced and excellently played. We understand that this house changes hands on the 23rd inst, when Mr. Hoskins assumes the solo nnd supremo control. Our opinions of Mr. Hoskins, as an actor and stago manager, are already well know,n. Wo may, however, bo permitted to wish him a successful season, of which he is richly deserving. During tho past twelve months he has laboured zealously to present a first-class and varied programme to the Ballaarat audience, and if his efforts have not met with their full reward, wo aro convinced that it lias not been through any shortcoming on his part. At the Charlie ' The Lonoly Man of the Ocean' lias been running, Mr. and Mrs. Chapman and Mr. O'Brien performing the principal parts. Mr. O'Brien played Hamlet, for the first time, on the occasion of his benefit, on Wednesday night Mr. G. V. Brooke is an nounced to appear on Monday. Bendioo. — During the week Mr. Mungall, Mr. D. Murray, Miss Josephine Fiddcs, and Miss Maria Nolson, have been performing in Scotch dramas and farces, at Abbott's Lyceum. Thatcher is also engaged at this house. At tho Shamrock Madame Strebinger, Madame Carandini, and Messrs. Walter Sherwin and John Gregg, are still tho chief attractions. Concerts nnd Pietro Canna also constitute the bill offaro at the Haymarket Castlemaink. — During tho week the Royal has been closed, but to-night Madame Vitelli, Messrs. Thatcher and Leman, and tho San Francisco Minstrels, aro an nounced to make their re- appearance. Geelono.— The burlesquo on the ' Lady of Lyons' has been tho. reigning favourito throughout the week. The Advertiser of Tuesday states that another capital house at the Royal last night bore testimony to the favour in which the present excellent company is held. Tho great attraction now is the burlesque of tho ' Lady of Lyons,' which is moro absurd even than the ori ginal, in addition to being a good deal more pleasant, and quito as natural. Besides establishing the satisfac tory fact that Bulwer's taking dramas can't stand the test of ridicule, tho burlesquo of tho ' Lady of Lyons' is all tho better for tho opportunity it offers to Mr. Gro villeand Miss Wooldridgo to distinguish themselves as first-class burlesque performers Lauplouoh.— On Monday evening Miss Avonia Jones appeared at the Royal in the character of Medea. The crowd that collected in the theatre on tho occasion was by far tho largest audienco that has beon seen in Lamplough. Every part of tho house was densely packed with pooplo, and all appeared highly pleased. During overy speech delivered by Miss Jones, the most illiterate seemed to hold their breath. Miss Glyndon is also engaged at this theatre, and is a decided favourite. At (he Garrick the Wiseman family 1b playing. Tarbenooweii.— On Tuesday last the San Francisco minstrels performed at tho Kangaroo. ° COIOITIAK, HonABT Tows.— At tho date of our last advlccs'from Hobart Town, Professor Risley and troupe wero engaged at tha Royal. Maitland.— From BtWt Life in Sydney of 31st Dee. we extract tho subjoined :— Tho Sydney company have been playing at tho Olympic to well filled houses on each occasion of tholr performance. On Saturday the ' Char coal Burner' and tho ' Anchor of Hope,' wore presented with considerable success. In tho former play Mr. E. Holloway displayed somo excellent acting; investing the character of Poynet Arden with an interest seldom imparted -o it Mrs. II. B, Cox, as Barbara Jones, a lady atrongly disposed to euter tho bond» of wedlock, played in capital style, winning repeated plaudits. Mr, Frank Howson played Valentine Verdict to tholifo: while Mr. R. H. Cox, Mr. Stewart, Mr. S. Howard, and Mr. J. Wolsh wero fully up to the mark in their respective roles. On Monday the ' Flowers of tho Forest' were re peated to an overflowing house ; and, from the fact of there being little or no vontilation it might be truly said to be ' crammed to suffocation.' Mr. IS. Hollowny, as tho Wolf, and Mrs, R. II. Cox as Cynthia, again won the admiration ot their auditors. Mias E. St. Clalr was well received as Starlight Bess; while Frank Howsoa and Stewart were as inimitable as over. Ou Tuesday, the burlesquo of 'Cinderella' was presented with new sconory and effects, nnd proved a decided hit. Tho occasion was distinguished by the first appearance hero of thaold Sydnoy favourite, Mrs. Guerin,who made a most favour able debut, and was received with hearty plaudits by way of welcome. Tho company is now complete, and nn excel lent onoit is. Ow ing to tho heavy thunder storm which brokeover tho town at time of opening, tho bouse was not so well filled m it otherwise would have been; but, not withstanding, thero was a very respectable attendance. The scenery and effects wero capital, and tho concluding scone, displaying a revolving star, lit up with coloured fires, quite electrified tho Maitland folk. The burlesque was admirably sustained by all concerned. It is to bo repeated each evening during the present week. Sydney.— Tho Em, of 31st December, states thai ' the two theatres have been opened during tho past week, and each has been well patronised. At the Vic toria Mr. J. It. Black has agr.irf made his bow before a Sydnoy audience, and rc.oivcd a warm welcome from his former patrons. His entertainment is divided into two parts, which, to/?ethor with a short dramatic pro duction, in which Miss Provost appears, affords a very agreeable ovening's amusement. At tho Princo of Wales the cliioi attraction has been tho pantomime, which was enthusiastically received 'by a crowded audienco upon the first night of its production, and] tho verdict then pronounced upon it has not since been re versed. It contains some very good hits, although those particular cnes characterised by the playbills as ' local' are rather melancholy efforts. The scenery and, ' gnt - ( up' of the piece i, very credi.Uble indo^, andWT old and earliest fiiondi, ColwMne,. JI^'l'lCjl°''^nl Pantaloon, are h.lled with » joyful s lout .of retogm tion. Tin pantomime is founded on the old stor^ m the Babes in tho Wood, and is more akin to tho Inj goldsby version of that ugly littlo avuncular piece of treachery than the venerable nursery lyric 