???'??'? -Tiirm:'M:. iw.''d. ?'8BASoWi!'''-:!: :' :.': : 'V: hi. Tithe Editor hi 'BelVaLifein Victoria'.. ' ' ' ??DBAnBEix;— Thank g«ddries9 1 tho Bu'mmorJi3 over,' and'jolly ai havo been its racings, crickeiings, boatings, and other peculiar sports', thowinfer has -coma, and with' it thnt jty of joys,' tlio gallant cha'so. On' Saturday next thoM.'H. C.'will takd.thoflold'.'artd'under'th'cir wo'rtlijr' master will renew those delights whichfo the lover of tho; truest of, sports are unequalled' for invigorating excite, ment. It's no uso talking about any other outdoor amuse nVanf'lh* '#lift ^t»fl,.' nf pnmnnrttnn fni*if'*vnn'k lionr' If. nn instant, manly as may be the pastime' and gladdening' its indulgence, for hunting is narjxccllenccjtia seventh' heaven of the thorough sportsman. On Satucday, then, ia to be the first tryst of 'the season, nhdto that lino old fellow's hostelry, Tom .Overman's, Hunter's' Rest, Chol tenham road, must hie at' hn early hour' all , thoso who wouid'first fortify tho inward man with .an appetising breakfast, then take a little nip as a steadier, llglit their cheroot, and be ready to put foot fn stirrup at the puhc tunl hour of eight, ?when the master Bounds to ' boot and. saddle,'' So look out, Meesis. Regulars in pink, Messrs. Occasional in boots, and. Messrs Lane-riders in unmen tionables, to muster strong and be in time, for depend upon fit George Watson means to havo a day's fun with his' spotted darlings, and won't bother himself to wait for laggards or sluggards. The late rain3 have made the ground In splendid order for scent, and somowhat soft ened it for spills, so the pace will bo good, and a tumble or two rather agreeable than otherwise, for it thaws the tummcr-frozen (a rather Irish-bullish phrase) pluck to find that hard riding does not necessitate hard falling.'' As for tho hounds, they havo been exercised, to a good point of condition, and last ycarVfavourltes will bo seen nnd heard te be stanch' and true as ever. Yoicks t then, hie forward 1 hoys, and lot every one so demoan. himself, in the field ns to make him welcome back the old chroni cler oftho M. H. C. doings. ,Tbo pack will, havo a- by throw-off this afternoon, at half-past 2 sharp, at the Farmers' Home, Oaklcigh, the master being, determined to ?? blood ' the hounds, as a preparative to- tho oponing day of the season, next Saturday. Thoso crosscountry itcs who wish to try the condition and jumping abilities oftheir hunters, as woll as their own'nerves, had, there fore, better take' the opportunity of this spin, for the mutual benefit of man and horsa. : ;. .,..'-, ',nimrqp:s ghost.. 