CONGREGATIONAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY. IiiK annual meeting of the Co rrrcgatunal Missionary Society lor New bouth Wales was held yesterday ovenlng, in the Con arcrmtional Church, Put street The oliair was taken by Mr ïairfnx. lhere was a large attendance. After t ngititr and PriliorlaAiBMS!i stated ibo oljcCl» i F tho meeting, and narra eil a variety of facts relating to lau < perutiuus of the «aoioty. Ho observed that they wero met to c lebrato tho tenth anniversary of the New South Wale« Homo Ylusio arv -tocíci) lui» » 'Cioty wau established for llic purpiiic of nun due ng from 1 nglan I men flttt-d for the ministerial wore, m this colony, ana a oo to assist in fluetaining mimstor» after iheir arrival Atbiid object waa to send the Gospel by the bist n cans within their reach to the distant bash, »ad to a very eonnirlonblu extent the nocioty had bien successful in this respect, although not m a degree at »11 commensurate with the dceiro of the committee They bad experienced many 1 «pedi- ment», some of whien had beta irsurmoua- ablc Iho di Heu ty of obtaining minister» from Pngl nd Ii id been one or their greatoBt trir-ls, and recently the) md had to part with »orno of their brat ministers [The Cbrlrnan hero referred to the departure of the Rev J >peph Bealey, tho Rev Mr. Arnold and the k»v Mr Ms-lit, and then reid eemm cotretpondence whieh had tiken placo In reference lo the cngiikcmcnt of additional m niatcrs ] Those letters would show how in portait it was rot onlj th it they ehould ask for idditioml men, but »lfo that thov should rr isc funds to pay their pmaeges fiom England. It had not urifieqiir-ntly IILCO. n-acd by persons unacquainted, and ho w is ulr^id io som« i sf¿DO-U willu'ly m iiqutlnted w th lae op"ra 1 nr< of the no u - rhat ra* leen done' He v ould tell thciu su-nrtnti ), of TV hut bad been i one. Iher now had tliirteou principal cliurohes and ehap"l« During the last thirteen year» there had been oxaendcil on ohuroh buildings (not of ci urse by vno society mu ledi itilv, but in i » interest) tho sum ol tua b2' lhere wiedebt rema nmg upon arc of tho o »lace» of worship, but it tuiouutcd on y o J.1100, leavin,. a »ur plus of £31,*C0 of property enlirolj unmcutatiercd (Ch eis ) J. he attendance upon all these placea of worship, a6 far a» tacy could arcertam, waa rather mole than 50(H), mid the number of church ti cmbcti>-coni nuuicanli iu full fellowship-830 That, however. Old not include a great number who communed with Iheir churebes month aftc mooth, but «ho were nut upon the church booka-and who lu mary c sea were member» of othtt Cbrlttfr n bodies In their various bunda) school» thero waa an attendance of upwards of 1G0O ohildren Thev had upon tho rall upwards of 210« Ho believed tito lottial numb-r would he ncarci 21(J0, but he preferred to maka the statement rathor under than over the limit In addition to the 13 p inoipalcaurche» and el upelB 1 e had alluded to they had eighteen out ata iona supplied chiefly bv lay brethren, or local preachers They had uino or ddiud ninistcrf, seven of whom woie aettlid pasior«, and Ihoy I uu ni iKo present time one student preparing for tho ministry (Hen-, hear ) ihoao statistics HIIIIII ahov that there was 1 I rge amount of work doini, and be might observe that their nueruiioi s were onlv limited b) tte w eut uf men aud the money to avery much wider utent At t o presen moment thero wero two churches (Balmain and Bourke street} without pilton, and Ibero were two other placea tbut would be i quill) glad to obtain ministers. Beside thi« tbero were ei(,ht loca i lea v. hero they lud been invited to go and fe ila iisim te», ¡n the »mall towns and in the interior of the colony At the lim. omnuttuo mooting a letter was read from the rtt'dent on tb« Manning River, at three stations distant between twenty and thirtv mil"» fru-n oicb other, offLilrg to give each £J0 (£ >u ina I) toward»theatipandof »minister, bntthe committee cou dno cHteri un the proposal until the prêtent vacint churches were eu<ip led The receipt» thin year bad been about £*U0-shomne, a fill ni, of about ¿300 »»com- pared with li«' year This hod aneen Ii m two causes -purdy from inibility to give on tho part of tumo who had formerly given mest i ohlv, «nil portly because tne c ituiaitieo felt they could not pits» upon their triced« the ntcceaity cf giving while they had not tho mon to eend forth (Utir,'nat) V ter a few further nltoivallons the chairman conoludcd try calling upou the Rsv. \S Cuthbertson wboicad trefollowi -, l,«rorrr " The Congregational Homo aibnianary Society for New South Vv ile» han nuw i xlatr d for len vears, and the committee have muoh pleoeure in presenung to it» m-inber» and friend» weir \nnual Report " Your committee regret to havo to record the departure from the colon) of your t ice-President, the Rev Jorcph Lea/ley. It is tcarcelynccessary to remind vou of bia long, honourable, and faithful connexion with tbo church at Redfern, as it« «rat pastor After labouring in Ibis coluri) and Tuamauia lor a period of twenty-four )Cfiri he wa« dcsirou» of visiting his native land, and accordingly in 1 tbruary last he re igned Ins oharge Frovlou» to leaving, the foi owini. resolution frrm your committee waa passed and preaentod at a public meeting to <lr Beazley. ' 'Resolved That the committee of the New bouth Wales Hsmc Missionary Society, understanding t'mr the RJV Joseph Beazley is abott to pay a visit to the mother country, cannot allow him to vacate hi« office in thi» cnmrolttrr-, ni d lonvo the colony, wi hrut tendering to lum a warm expre sion of thoir fraternal rfgard ' . rhcycill to mind how long, ho* paticntlv, how assiduously he b IB laboured in originating and esuolishlug a Congreg»tional Church at Redfern, and that, too, dunn? ycir« when, neither tb« proepect« of the colon) nor tooee ol our denomination wero what they are at present They remember the hearty intorcot ho ha» always taken in the special vr >rk of tbr society, and his valuable co operation in r-elp ng forward tho prosperity of oui infant churches ihov dwell with pleasure on li ii frequent and varied services m the'generul caunc of Christianity and philanthropy in the colony, and the high character ho has d"»crrodlj vron in the estimation of hi» fellow-citisens g°nerilly. " . Tnev de«ire to thrnk the Giver or all Peace that ho ha» been able to bear the burden »nd neat of the day so »leidfaatly, and th it I is labrjii-e havo borne »o much fruit '" W hilo thev cannot gru Ice him the refreshment of a vieil, ifler so ma») yeirs of ab'unee, to the l»nd of hi» birth, they will li el viry tel slbl) hi» lick of eel vice, " . 1 hey truet that a gracious 1 rovi leuce will watctt over him in bit jaurueylngs, und restore hiru awaiti, with renisvvcd vigour nd enlarged expenonee, and qiuckenc I zeal to resume ia lill« eolorv hi» career of puolio rad prl'iuc usefulness. " ' February 7th, 1860 ' " Hie church at Redfern unwdi Kel) presented a unanimous invit vtion to the Ro> \\\ ill! im «I ayer aud that gontiema i fe t it his dutv to accept tlioeime i is gi iti ymg to state that Mr. fiUt-ei'a rea oval io that oeuliiy na« been intended with piciaiu» rcaulis ' Ti our committee have also to lefrr to the deptrturo to >urope of ibe Rev George Wi|,bi TIIB friends will reinem ber that Mr, Wicht nndcrto k the mission at Brubinc about two stir»ago, nni w ?> «ni ported cbi fly by the funds.of tbn sccieiv Ho has laboured with gieit diligence and co-re«pond(ni »iu ceaa Hi» people have Mirctertul In building i bcaiiufal ohureh, and b«t a small debt rcnuin« for liquidation We believe Mr Wight's influence, and miturcd expencne», were begiming to be felt in the new and important colony of Queens lard far beyond Iho rai ge of hi» own eongrcganon, and lor this nastu, as well i« for his lo»e. u« a mini ter of tho Guspol of Christ, hi» departure i» to your co nm'ttee a matter of profound torrow. The renions given by the rovertnd gentleman for repigning 1 is charge are thu» atfeottrtglv given, in replying to an address Irom the Church at Brisbane '"MT Dear rriends, Member» of this Church - '*' lou may real assured that had it been coinpatibla with tk» presiing claims upon me as a parent ts have remained in 1 ri« oanc I never would have brougnt matter» to thi» «sue. Tour »urn¡so and regret at my annonnc mem to leave, aro equalled by my disappointaient and sorrow ia not being permitted to occupy the position to whiob a me-oitut and fatthiul God had enabled mo to ruc. " ' It i» a Biattcr of great and abiding satisfaction tu me, as it it to vou, tbat nothing whatever in conneotion with tho Cbuiohor Congregation has led to this painful «eparation I leave you in a «tau ol perfect karruony, and with a certain prospect, under Cod H bles-ing, or a »teady increa?« to your number«. Thero i« not m mv mimi the faintest împrees'ou of fault with yo« , and I know that vou have not breathed the slightest diasatis taction »Mi me On both «ide» It is quite th» cou trarv You have boen too lmlulgont to me, and I havo not tra» »d von in vain God ha» been ploaaid to bles» our union, and oir .mited efforts in His cause, and I fed assured that it i« Hi» voice In Providence that beckon» me away lo aae It is all mystery, a« it Is to you, but from my youth it ha» been utf habit to bow to the Divine Will, and from expe-ijnee I knorf that that will <» th» wi«cst and the best " ' It ia marvel ou» to me, and It r verwhelm» my heart with gratitude vv hen I think what God has made us the îa^rument« of accomplishing in a little more than twu year». To His name we anlte in aecribmg all the glorr and In Hi» bands we may safely lrave.be work, for it «His own. Myeonstint prayer will be that God may be pleased to build up, «id greatly extend, tb« Independent Church ia Brisbane. '"I appreciate the wlib, so kindly and «o oon»ldoratoly cxpreieed, ihit ne may nieot again in this beautiful lund, aud »nould it be the »ill cf Piovidence that 1 should agiin croe» tbesca, 1 will come in tbo faith that you will never belle Tour more than oi dinary kinines«. But I douro to acknowledge what I have olten taught you, that our God is the Lord of the future, a» H» ia «iipri me in tbe present ' "I he Church at Brisbane having piescntedto the Rev. E Griffith, a unanimous invitation, tiwi gentleman-guided, we truct, by the Great Head of the Chnrch- has proceeded to^aceu« land. ilr. Griffith io well known in Urlíbine, Having been the first Congregational minister m Ipswich, m wbioh placo he sue ^cshfully laboured for three year» Fur the past three yean, he has been the acceptable andunelul pastor of tho Congregational , ennreb, at Maitland. We canuot do better than copy a para- graph from tho Maitland Mercui / respeeting hi« leaving that district. Th.t journal »ay« - ' ' We ara »orry to have to announce that wo ar» «»out t« lose one of the most uecful of our pnbllo men, «nd one of the most respected of our clergymen Tne Rev 1 GriKth ha» iccc»tod I the unanimous invitation of the Cr ngregational Churoh at Bris- bane, Queensland Perhsp* ni nun has resided m Maitland who bas, in n «tey of somorlitng over three year», effected »o much of useful public servie- a» Mu Griffith He has done thU partly In virtue of his intolleciuvl ability partlvfrom bis rvilltr» nets to undertake any work that he approved of, no rruttei how laborious or Inconvenient, but priroipally from hi« entire freedom from sectarian préjudice», luus, in oui publie institu- tions and eur public movemerts Mr Griffith ha» bc«n found »çijvelv ueefu!, in conjur ctlon witb Catholic and Protestant ! »like, whilo several movements have owed very muoh of their ,uc.cî.'it0 readme»B to undertako labo lou» services ' * The Xc\\. b 1. nilla, trom Mc bourne, has gone t» Maitland »s succcHior in the pastorate r f Mr G-ifflth This gentleman i» strongly and affeclionnciy recommended to your committee by a.t» .,* Z L Poorei and otbiir Meluonrne nilmsttrd, and ws Divino WesT "rnC8t ""rt f"J'l'fl1 labour« will meet with the n«VJ.h.0,Cllutcnî."atB,,inM,"""li>urrynill» are atUl without ?î?,T.iï ,"",|,h.t ,!ut th0 D)eml" "ln «~U »re united, and are tboSSinS ?-.llrB,mln"íer!,rum u I'»"'1 In ll>o meantime, uiil ««st ""PI'11"! chiefly bv lay lkency and such uilnis .1 it," M,t"nce a» Tn be »tfoidi-d UnuM inCCTf"r»£.l,on '? l,* sub«rh-vn «hapel at Paddington eon thoBav ÎÏÎnïteî TalU.Cd \abou" ,f tUo Rev. John West and Revfur C .Äk01' drir »nd venerable friend, th« in conMoUM.T « r*w.°lonth« »ro sluc'fled his inability to preach, Ù» i?o~?« of Mt?« ¡IV**'. UK »»«"»we*. It must' bo io all of S?eermionol th»e li«.B°ottoVh:n »'* w.. tnahlod to n«»i.t in díreTAÄ^^Ä*" hl» -t:-««ee. were ren pas,"0 ïw^tteS_,,2sBï'TVliuTn Mr-Gnneford as its fc?AAWSi^tó-SS^_S3 i. nder euch pecunia« ¿nh »%, fo?SÏ^,J_TA^_?T l» ¡¡fcemrj. HO will oe orda.»rd I» ito%SÍVfi££X» leotíS'ifíh ' imlïî,^1^' Z'(luíe'1'^ ,8C<1 »"bough now ditcoa. ïatToowoom»oo,«na tic nations in the vuinttyof tbnt totr jbip. As was stated in the last ani ual report, it le u matter of-anklulnees that it ha» be+n ihi privilege of this »ooleiy to lay the foundation of two Con nrcgali' nul rkurrhee In the principal town» of Queensland Bris Eslíe, and Ipswich. Al d it is not unimportant t > note that the rr cent Aol i f ihnl new colony has decided that State-aid shall no' be granted to on» <i< t omit, tie n. , . The Kov. Goorgf Charter, of Wollongong, is purnong his work with cospfdorable encouragement Ho ulnrrates m tho r eighbourhood, in iiddliu n t J ula oriuiary servi-ca .n his cuurch, and his churactr 1' bold in great r- imst n bv all pariel. «. A tje'era of Iiv ac,tnoy, iflatMshcd during thi past yeir, v> working sutt«li Monly Iheself denying txorllono of our brethren who nre so ertip eyed ore regarded witu comowdat on and sym- pathy by yojr umin'iicc. Oiithophmarc ili.ni preuchera, ir,d they conduct service at eev< n différer r places "Since the last annual meeting, Mr. J. J. Halley, whom you educated for the Christian ministry, has been ordained. The ministers taking part in that interesting service, were the Rev. Messrs !> myer, Grill th, Kim, und Cuthbertson. Mr. Halley undei tho utiepices o' two gentlemen who generously guaranteed a stipend, eucccssfully labouring OB au evangelist in tno Lo *or Murrumbidgee district*, thu» carrying rut on" important feature in the object of jour society, preaching the Gospci tt> had elora 11 ihe buib. . "The latest infírmanos ra peeling Mr. Halley? gaoi hy tho Lower Murrumbidgee torrcppondcnt of me lieraid, urd appears lu thoti"urnulof this day. i ian as folio te - "'Our Minister. The Kcv Jicob Johu Halley hasjaMbeen »iiymp tis his utual nioilh y v.nl. TÜO co-igicgston at Lti ¡,'s troteinc ia saadlly on tho ii ccea»e, between thirty and forty par- sons having aftombleo lu the Cou-t-house tho last time nervlr-o was held there. M . Halley s styleof prcacbiug is much llfed b/ all clapets, young and old, lind we ha/c reason to be tb.aui.ful for having such u man m this district ' "On tho recommend .noa of the Church in Pitt-strcct your ciuimitee lmveui.uer!uUcz) .o eduoAie Vlr. Kirby »leo, several priVRtL friends havh.¡r Liudlv promised to us«tst bj contributions. "ïho operation* of tho Congrtu monal chtirchps, in connection wilh th stStcioiv, including the eforts made at Quconslaud, aro briefly the followir g .-There ere thirteen churches, nine well and substantially built of «tono or brick, and four of wood Of i tiled pastors there arc Bevon, and two other mi läicrs a,e usual j engaged preach» g on the Lord's Diy. Besides these we hare twelve or fourteen lay b-cthren, or local preacher», andthoy ore reilcusly enwlovtd in supplying eighteen out-stations In this and the colon* ol Queomlsni. Of Sunday aohool scholar« we have cn tho books of tho various «mool!, upward» of 2000 names, m,d the regal-ir attendance mor» tkan 1M0. . In «ncliuion, yoni committeo have to mention that the sub pcriptionsduilig tho past ytnr have grfitlv dimimsuid in* hu» been caused by mab lity lutu-ir ttiau d ..uioliiiatton. It is munifest, however, that the groat ind glurioui pnuciples of civil and religious liberty, and the religious equality HO COU und for, cannot be maintained ond advautcd wimont continued effort and great pccumai v usPbîance, Lut, above all siuahr and denominational considerations, we havo obliäratiuns lrum »Web WL must nut, dare not shrink. Mea and women arc llvimr und dring, daily, at our vcij doors-ignorant of Christ and of His gitat salvation, ^e aro called upon to go und wor¿ ia the Master's vinyard-to contribute of our eubstunct-to help to save the lost, bhall we, looking to Gcthsorm ne »ud Calvary, and beholding the sorrow of ihoono ind the »aeritioo of tho other, rcm dn indiitorint and heartless ! Let us, vi,U the pout Watts, reclaim .' Were the whole realm of nature mm«, That were a pr'iont fa- too small, Lovt so am »zing, so chume, Demil dB my seul, rav ufe, rav all " _r.]l Oismi re-id theflnanou) statement, which »howedastha otnl receipts for the vcar, £7bG J*, led., »ud a baliuicu in hand oí £- lbs. Thollev G. ra»*T«B, of Mu'longong, moved the »rat reso- lution-" 1 hat thu rtpott now lead be adopted and printed, and chut the following ministers und gentles»en be tim ofttcers and foamitieo for the cnsumir yevr.-i'reicent, the lltv. Robort itois, ff.D., vice-r,rc3ident, the Kev Jobnv.\cst, iroaeurer, Job« i'airtu^, Epq , sccretor.es-the Kev W. Cuthbertson and Mr. itobcrt Garrett, committee-vlcsBra. J. Dawson, John lairfa*, A. Ks% Í,. It. tafear, \ Garran, DJ wa Jones, J tfau>ru, K a uvhew, s. t»uticr, i. 1'iiraone, 3 Itow, ft I', Bichsrdson, G. Kit wick, J Ihon puoa, S. Thompeon, nita power to add to their number." In listening to tho report ttero woio ionio statement» vi Inch caused unploapauiiceuugswithln hisimnd. fhey wert», how- ever, like rasing clonds intetcipilug the bright rays of the sun, for when ihty looked at the facts recorded m mo report thuy mu«t .oncluUe that ttero win muoh toouoourago and siiamUte eviry «ontribmor and minister cuguged lu this high and importai t ta ttrpilse. (Hear, hear ) They vero jusiittod, too, In connect- ing willi the facts of the report ti e statiiucats ol Oiviuo trutn, and in fctling apsurcd that tho'» who went forth b-arlng pro «lous seed-weeping-should return njoicing, and o-ingtng th ir sheaves with ihem. (Cheers.) He would not attempt io ma»e a set speech, but nitrciy refer to some Uw olrcumatisces wnioh had prcütnttd themselves to his mind, wnlle pursuing his en- gagements on the station to which ho bad been called to labour, us reasons why thtyshoald Lot only attempt to muntum then pi estnl position, bul also to advance .Hld call for h new energy anductlvitv. Thcrcwcrccons anlicnovulstodUtantpaugortuust) who in varionB churches had keen In the habit of coma.emoratin¿ tho death of the bavlour, and were they not anxious mut such of thtlr »rethrcn should enjoy the samo prlvilogcs as thoMi which they themselves etijoyeu Î i here was also tho great command of _e LITIUO Master to go iorth and preach his t,o<jpel. And It in» not the more preaching on the sabbath day It »as theduty of th« aniiibter, in such positions especially, to mingle with the people to encourage and stimulate tnem lu the hour vt eutfering and pnvauuu. then again, thcro wss ino importance of imparting the truth to tho rising generation, for often had the children of their enbbath schools been made argtls of inoroy to convey a knowledge of the truth to their parents, (llcir, hear) mother oontiderauon was ihe willingness of lha people to receive tho ti nth. Many imagined that th.ro »ere much stronger pr(j»diets of w.lat were designated a eeclarian cnuracter than really existed. (Hear, hear.) lhere wus another cucumsiancc to which ho would refer, that was the willingness of individuals to receive instruction. It hud been his practico, at Wollongong, to hold a Bible class at tho 3>atiouat tchoolroom, and ho had lound that parents, who were not conneoitd with CongrcgatloaalUm, were verv demruus that their children should attend these olasses, whera they were no caieehisms or creeds tau« ht, but merely love for and faith la theil ado-able Ratloui. lhere appeared lu exist In tho minds of the people a desire that the children should be instructed io the spirit ul truth. It wusa gre it privilege lo meet so many youthfal minds, and to bo enabled to instil ¡mo them the simple truth as it was in Jesus, and thereby make such împietaiou« upon thom as wonld load their »oula io tho Throne ol Grace. Hie Kev. Mr. CUTMBSUTSON having seconded the resolution, it was thin put and pesscd unanimously. Ihcltev. Mr _»NT moved ino second resolution,-" That this meetlug remctnbtrico; that ' rightoou-nuss ex Kieth a nation,' and that omy in riu.hlcou»neRS can a national character bo healthfully buicil, Kcognliti. the special Importance it mis stage *( our coluni ii hittory, of tbo wiiii-ppresd inculcation of Go;pel truth, ando! providing agencies for ptcachlnj the Gospel in saulaunt abundance to keep pace willi tho rapidlv advancing wants of lue native-born, end the immigrant population." Hie rev. gentleman referring to the waut ol p_tors, said there vitie more plates of worship tuan prcuchern. Applications from every quarter weie r, 1 used, and the Church stemee. to b losing ground for want of raen Surely thev would oe falling in their priuciplcs If tnttv allowed tins state of things lu ooiitinuc without making such mcirifi «4, and strenuous elf iris as wouid bring things io theil lightlul position, so that tnoy could do their duly IU rela- tion to the- who hbould reçoive the Gospel at their naudu bull looking to what hud bei n done in the past there wa« reason to ihsnk God and take couruge, tncy onglu to leave the meeting tt-is ev ering determined to do all they could in order cast ibu hocietv' P. minister» might be multiplied tenluld. It they could not be chun ed from bonn, we must ra se the- up among our- selves. Xhe serv ice was ono wctthy of tho highest ambi ion traitai g hitmnn beings for eternity, that they lnignt oe privileged to eil ou ibu right hand of God, and become precious jenelsin thai crown of glory which the Saviour wama pi me upon th« head of the successful labourer, when ne should I say-" Well done, good and luithful »ervan', enter thou lito the joy of thy Lord." In estimating what had already been acconipusiied lhere w as evident matter for »timulatins them to further exertion ; their effort«, too, indued lise elton» ia other». 1 very man the bocicty sent into the Held would bring outlive or six moro, and all would go more diligently to work. G1 incing at a laie number of the Cornhill Unga nut a» tell upo» the s stement that theo vvcre nvo clashes whom ws needed-ins toldier, to dtftnd us, ilia oaysiciau, to heal us, the legislator, lo govurnua, .ho merchant, lo provide for us , and the anster, to teach us. Toe «nicle went on to say that oaoh of these classes ought, under certain clroumstancee, to be willing to die-the soldier rather than leave hi« post, the legislator rather mau do injustice, the physician rather tuan flee lrom nts dlmaecu patient, ino merchant rather than not dishonourably, and tho munster of Const ought to be read) to dio rather than teach fulselv. Mun might prnpoie to rege- nerate society by humau means alone, bat he would ceruimy rail, tho Go-pel, with wh'oh tney had hoon been eutrus.ed wa» through God mighty io Ihe pulling down of strung place«, let it be pleaches! with fervent prayer for ino »ocompaujirgoi ino Holy Ghost, and thev would h ivo in Australia a nation that »h »11 stand until the day ol the bon of Man. Tho .Rev. J. vvisi seconded the resolution ThoCiMiMMN explained that this resolution was to have beon eeoonded bv the Kuv. Mr. Vetoh, who had neon spared from the service of tho ministry in Victoria, and who wat «specad hera i this evening, hut had not vet arrived. I Tho reeolution wa» then put, and unanimously agreed to. The Kcv. Mr SLAIVVS moved the third resoliuion-" That thi« meeting, having regard to the speciu tutti unies attendant on overtaking tho spiritual requiremcn.s of a widely-scattcrod and fluotua'ii g population, i» ol opinion tuatauy sp. ci ii facilities that the circumstances of colonial sccicty may »ford, should be »vailed el to .he utmost extent to meet us peoulisr wants, and tint our agencir» should admit of every variety and fletlbiltty of applicat on confistenili with the broad princip'cs «I Congie gatlonaliani, th it tho changing circumstance« of co onial progress may require." I Tholtuv.Mr. Poow rose to second th» resolution. A gmt ile ii was cont mtd In ihcse words the short fcugUsn of I which îDtvut socetlung LVc thii-to use wl'e mean» for securing worthy end«-the adaptation of mean» j tq tko dcolnd result-he supposed " n w is Coniregotionali»». ihtv were not adenomiuatiju, properly speaking, na. wasjn ecclesiastical confederacy, hut eimply the embodiment of a pr.n- I ciplo-ih-it each separate contici;ation nr nliginus ooily should 1 hoallowidto manage í'ioivn affair». It was me prevchlng of I the great tiuths ol the G ppul withou the trim-nols of for- I mu'onep fhey had » worthy olyec:, »nd they were »o seek it» accoiiq liihuient by all logmm no inc*ii", howersv vurled, l'hcy «ne in i new country, undti ever vat} ug c roun«uiieos, and they ou«Tht not to be confined to thu »r nut e a^ of uçcnov. On» of the most tifcctive of their pre ichers in Victoria was a blaet euutn, und was not Ctrcy s. khevmaker T He took that to he tho it« sysitm of tpcaking Gospel truth »hieb, whilst it was ore« tleiible, w»s in con «isteucv wilh the teachings of the .New lettoment. î he rev. gentleman tf cn entered into a brief statement of hil visit to the mother country for the purpo e of procuring nwtors for Australia. Ho pointed out the ui_cu't> there had for som» time before been in -utempurg to get ttn¡ society to send out ministers, and how he determined to rot .coom the bupiness him- self Ile Hist visited the dureront «oloiilc» ot this group in oici-i to procure fund», and having, by much personal exeruon, suc- ceeded to a great extent, the ami unt obl&iued; was supplemented by n oncy raised in 1 ngland. When in Kngiand, he mulchiin sellthjroughlj acquainted w.th the biston, it&tisuc;«, tea., of these cooincs, and commenced Icolming upon the siiujtoi, through Englaad and Scotland, inleiestmg nuuv, ind obtainini. .undi«, vbiltt he was asking no favour He lecture! to »onie 5(1,0(0 ppop,e, and having get tne moiiev he wanted, ho was it the iamc timo looting foi minis cr-, aud sending them alf to the oolonies. But on his return to He-lbou-ae he found they hod ill bum disparscd through the colonieo »here ministers nero wanted, ne made up his mind to go back bv trip i «-k mail, ind did to under an lmpuifowhich he believed to"be i'iiine 1'wcniv eight muiHieraludnowcomeoutst ico-<uil ¿li ii t>f.i<l,» (i,9nn tie arneunt givtn ii pas«agc»;by sl- ipiwnerv.3 |1 wo of then h«d i ii«;; four bad, tliiough personal or domtn 0 ifUc io i bei>B iu ( uceo to return home, one had returned on account of his lnait LCPSardunlltrifssfor eerviee mike colin«», n¿ »nolher had for a lime tbnwn himself out of aeth» mai-tonal service, ho thai una» tera were now m g <u.et demand than i vor 'J bl y hail to b nontoel up ami inflr«me d by va roa« monvcp, rome bj rauuly, some hy hiavenlv, »ome viel ed ti sitiáis through their umillei or friend > 11 rs or a desir» to f"ITn . ca">lni? °^ the i icnnl pur- ce t ml the w-r d shouW he Hlltd with on intelligent civi isc.l, am Cr, istiaii rauc In t-ydney andMeibouinethe desuo was alike for t'ie in ruiluotion e I nuBlstire, and they vere rcailv TV. p ovide mu.ns Ile ref- lected his app.sl in toib plsee it th t time, when a few gcntlc nun jut down their n«n ts for i;uuo. Ile wirhfd he oould LÍÍ.. hr,0Wwl,-J ''ii «'cn, he >Hd sine ga mt) a rougher i .ia , Mv' .rd thcy clt,'tt Bot bi) howers of wood and drawers of water in the service, and yet be ileg-mt and poUihotl preachet» Hit Anollo«. Ho had been here in Sydney fou- year» ago, und he had tkon tried to persuade them to send for four mlnistors they had declined to do «o, but It appeared now that ho had been right, for they had already had three ministers, and now thoy wera told that seven moro were required. Appeals were coming in to them from all quarters, the Manning, the Murrumbidgee, Murrurundi, and then ou6ht Ihoynot to send a rointater to the Snowy Rlvor T In \ icloria, the Churoh had taken up u strong pes'tion, occupying all the ground a» cnrlv as possible, and the meeting might depend that if they wanted their Church to hold a goad position thoy roust take up thei- ground early. It wa« quite certain ".hat vory mauv wonld go to tho Snowy, and though soma might roturn disappointed, vet many would remain, and it would bo as well, if tbo Independents desired to do anything io this naarter, that tho ground should De taken up at orce. To do this wi.h efect, how«ior, tlicy must have men adapted to tho work-adaptibiltty was the great derfderatam in the selection of a missionary, and .hut bad a'way» boen a great point with him ia the ministoi» he had selected. He knew that he hud keen lery much »bused for sending out George Wight, but he bud onosen bim because ho considered bira to be adapted for the work at Brisbane, aurl ho bad not been mistaken. Tor, If Btate-uid wa» a donicd thing in Brisbar.0, it had been al' owing toGeoige Wight hiv'rg b cn «ont there. Thoy might all dopend upon it that they oonld do the work of God well If they only carneitly set about it, but if they »at still and waited, they would never be ub'u to do unythinf. Mr. Kent had »aid eoaiethicg about "our uut being wanted ," but thiy might rest assured that the Independent« never wero wanted anywhere, because they invar ably spoilt the com- fortable quiet of the State- aid men, and put tbcu in fear lest tbe* should li se the good tbl-ier* they enjo; e 1. Neitlci TH» religion eve; wanted ; the Gospel waa never aeied for It bud to be taken to men'« doora, and often to be admitted on rain aiy. 1 i Melbourne recently, there had boen some dillcuii) cx-puienj d as to how t\i o'Ministers wore to bo disposed ur, the e,uurch njt knowing where to send them They had regarded M> >bom ne s the colony, and hence tko dirhcalty , but he toan sotted it, by taking u trip Into lb« lr 1er lor, when la i few du}« he found places for them both, where the pi opie wore able and willi9g tu maintain them. All through tho lind there wua plintvof work to do, let that meeting say if they «ero readv to do it' Were they there jrcpared tu mu»e eacriUcia for tiiv nike of tbe r conn ryn.en «tattered ubroad in all directions » Would they do here for tbe Gospel what they had done at home? There was the Manning, the Murrumoidgce, and Murrurundi, all calling to them for aid, there was the Snowy to which tbe Gospel our'ht to be sent M ouiil tiley d »regard the call' W on d tbey neglect the duty I Ho hoped uot But it had been »aid to hiru, ' Go jcti to Lagland and get mem '" Now ne would answer bv snjing ib.it ho had bein io £oi,liiid twice on this same eirund, ut much ptrsonal inconveniuuee, and he «us not pre ¡urta to ne1, a third time his pavilion withou' auinn good cause. He vtould, howtvtr, ¿ay thi?, thrtt if, rift r all tneir appeals to England, they found that they cn U soi get mininera teat out, thei, ho would try the colonies, ».nd u tliej \ ou d gtvo him the money, he would go to england for them, most wil- lingly, although ,0 do so man) «uenhoes would nav« to bo made. It waB quite evident that tue Church in these colonie« had it« work to do, that eve-y day new gtoaxul was opening for them to take up, and they could reodl.y rüttle and maintain a largo number of mininera - twenty, he was sure, within tue next two years. Ho could say that uf the twenty Victoria wou'd be prepared at oi.ee to recoivo and maintain tko larger number. That colony always gave ¿100 towards the passage money of the minfator, and they com- menced to meintain him from the day of nis leaving tho shores of Britain. At the prcsont moment South Austral!i was well supplied with minister«, the great want waa felt lu lae other colo- nie» Let them, however, wako up and do thrtr duty, giving thei- time and their money, and moat of all, tboir prayer« to tho cause, aad then it might bo that the Lord would «end forth labourers into the harvest, for tho hal vi at indeed waa great in the eoloniet, whilst the labourera wero but few. If they would but pereever« In tbeir effort«, and at the samo tlrue abound ia prayer, they would find that in the end their efiurtB would be successful, iheir prayer would be anawercd. Let them tbon hopo and be of good courage, and with an improved «tute of tkings, all would go well. At the same time ho must say th it be did not tidna that things in Sydney wero really lu BO bad a stite Ed thoj were represented. Ho believed that a go >d man) wero quiotly raking money, and talking vory little ibout t, but whilst say- ing this, he ruuBt add that ho sympi Liecd MUCIHely with those ! vino had been compelled to viold t> the prisonm <f tho times, but whatever m'ght bo the time», and whatever the individuil misferttini, they munt not Buffer the work of God lo rcmaiu undone-but do their utmost to advance it to the o:»t of their ability. The resolution was put and carried unanimously. The CHAICMAN announced that meeting» similar to tho present would be held in tho Bourke-stroet onjp»l, on tbo [oltowmg evening , and in tho Paddington chapel on Thursday evening. \ttcj the doxology and binedic ion, tbo meetins eep ira'ed, i collection bein,; made at the door. 