THE MODEL FRENCH DETECTIVE. An anecdote illustrativo of. Vidocq, the great French detective's cleverness, runs as follows : — At tho time of the first invasion of Franco by the Allies, as the disinterested conduct of tho enemy was not a perfectly established fact, every body set to work to invent hiding-places for valuables, Out of the reach of Cossack rapacity. A Monsieur Sfinard, a jeweller in the Palais Roval, on going to visit one of his friends, tho Cure of Livry, near Pontoiso, found him busily employed in having a hole dug in which he might temporarily bury, iu the first place, the church plate, and, secondly, his own little property. Tho man who was dipging the hole had enjoyed tho cur6's confidence for thirty years. He was a cooper by trade. He was also churchwarden, sacristan, bell-ringer, and factotum. Never during the whole course of his life had old Moiselet given the slightest ground for suspi cion, either, with respect to his devotion or 'his morality. M. Senard conceived the idea of taking advan tage of the good cure's hiding place to ensure tho safety of three hundred thousand francs' worth (£12,000) of diamonds, which he brought the next morning in a little- box. The joint treasure was deposited in the ground six feet deep, covered und concealed in such a way as to throw any curious inquirer off the scent. The Cossacks did not fail to pay a visit to Livry and its environs, whero they made a few discoveries ; but, thanks to old MoLselet's ingenuity, the precious deposit escaped their cupidity. The good cure rubbed his hands, and con gratulated himself on his innocent trick, when one fine day— it ought to have been a Friday — Moiselc-t rushed in laoie dead than alive, and an nounced that the treasure had been abstracted. Both rushed to the spot. All they gained from their inspection of it was- the wretched certainty that the robbery was complete ; the rascally Cos sacks had not done things by halves ; the here tics, the pagans ! They had carried off all, even the sacred vessels. The poor cure nearly fell backwards when he beheld the full extent of his loss ; Moiselet, for his part, was frightful, to look at ; ho sighed and groaned as if he were giving up the ghost. This dreadful misfortune could mot have afflicted him more keenly had it bqen his own personal loss. The violence of liis grief pre vented his accompanying Monsieur le Cure, who took the first vehicle to acquaint his friend Senard with the terrible news. Senard cleared the distance between the Palais Royal and the Prefecture of Police at a single bound. He did not scruple to lay the theft of the treasure on the shoulders of the very person who had hidden it: oi- the smaoth-sp-iken, the pious, the afflicted old Moiselet. M. Henry was of the same opinion, in spite of all the ciire could say to testify to his' sacristan's honor ; also .'was it 'Vi- docq's opinion, at the first word he heard about the business ; but mentioned that the affair was beset with thorns. Yet he would undertake it, aud did not ' despair of coming off with flying colors. ? ' Incur,' said M. Senard, ' whatever expanse you think necessary. My purse is at your dis posal, and I ani ready to make any sacrifice. Only find me my box of diamonds, and there are ten thousand francs for you.' . In spite of M. Senard's successive abatements in proportion as the discovery seemed more pro bable, Vidocq promised to do everything in hi* power. M. Senard and tho curfi returned to Pontoise, and the result of their depositions was the arrest and examination of Moise let. They - tried him in all ways to get him to confess his guilt, but he persisted in de claring his innocence ; and the accusation ?was on the point of melting into air, when Vidocq set one of his cleverest agents to work. Tliis person, wearing a military uniform aiid with his left arm in a sling, presented himself to Moiselet's wife, with a billet for lodgings. Ho ' was supposed to be just discharged from' the hospital, and that it had been his intention to. remain at Livry only eight-and- forty hours ; but a few minutes after his arrival, he had a fall, and an artificial sprain, wliich prevented the possi bility of his continuing liis journey. The mayor, therefore, decided that he- should be tho coopcress's guest till further orders. Madame Moiselet was one of thoso hearty jovial bodies who have _no scruple about living under the same roof with a -wounded conscript ; and she was not yet thirty-six. Moreover, evil tongues reproached her with a weakness for a eheeiful glass. The pretended saldier did not fail to flatter every foible through which she 'was accessible, even opening his purse to pay for her bottles of wine. He acted as her secretary, and wrote letters at her dictation to her husband in prison. He practised on her vanity and love of show, by sending a female pedlar to tempt her with gaudy goods, which might perhaps draw some of 'he curces cash out of its hidden retreat, or bring forward some of the church plate by way of exchange ; but all ir. vain. Madame Moiselet was discretion itself ; she was a phoenix of pru Aence. Her guarded resistance put Vidocq on nis mettle ; he ordered the agent to cure his sprain aiid come back immediately, and resolved to ex perimentalise in pe.-son on the husband. Disguised as a sort of German man-servant, and without having given the least previous notice to the local authorities, Vidocq began prowling about the environs of Pontoise, with the inten tion of getting himself taken up. Nothing in the world was more easy for him to manage ; ho had so often given gendarmes the dodge that he knew perfectly well how to fall into their clutches. As ho had no papers or passport to show, and as the commissary of police could not understand a word of his gibberish, the prison. doors opened to receive him, almost of their own accord. * As soon as he was introduced into the prison yard, he re cognised Moiselet. Feigning to find his counten ance more agreeable and engaging than the faces of the other prisoners, he made him. understand, rather by gestures than by words, that ho wished to treat him to a bottle of wine, by way of paying his footing. Moiselet conducted him. to his chamber, and the bottles wero emptied one after the other. Vidocq pretended to be dead drunk ; so that the gaoler, who took pwt in the libations, very naturally set up a bed for him in his new friend's room. It was all he wanted, for the pre Moiselet was delighted besides the gratification o persona pride' which a rof orint fee when he has'pu . riva under the table, lie found Vidocq an amiable and a generous companion. When the two first bottles were paid for, Vidocq, unstitching a button off his coat, had extracted from it a Napoleon. Next morning Moiselet inquired if he had any more t Vidocq made him understand that every one of his but tons was garnished with the same lining, with the exception that the large Buttons contained double Napoleons, while the small buttons had ojily single ones. The old sacristan jumped for joy ; he had no money, or, if he had, it did not suit his purpose to show it. He was charmed at fi»ding a comrade who prodigally met their common expenses, without asking for anything in return beyond the pleasure of his company. In the impossibility of persuading his amiablo guest to speak French, Moiselet attempted to speak what, on the stage, passes by courtesy for broken German. It was in this frightful jargon, enough to disconcert a Frankfort Jew, that Vidocq, without a great deal of persuasion, re lated his story, framed for the circumstances. Although the narrative did not sin by excess of lucidity, Moiselet easily comprehended that his new iriend had, at the battle of Montereau, stolen hi:- master's portmanteau and concealed it in the Forest of Bondy; and as the confession did not appear eitker to astonish him or to shock his feelings, Vidocq came to the conclusion that his friend's conscicnco was tolerably lax and wide, and no longer doubted that he knew better than anybody else what had become of the cure's little property, the sacred vessels, and M. Se nard's diamonds. He began to vaunt the plea sant life that was led on the other side of tho Rhine, the beauty of the women, and the excel ence of the wines. lie got him to express tho desire he felt of going to Germany, as soon as he had recovered his liberty. Persuaded from that moment that his compa nion, at his time of life, would not entertain, such a project unless ho knew where to procure money, Vidocq wrote to the Procureur du Itoi, made him self known as the Head of the Police de Surety, and begged him to order that he should be re moved with Moiselet under the pretence of being transferred, the one to Livry, the other to Paris. As may be supposed, the order had not long to be waited for. They were bound with only a very thin rope on the road Moiselet made signs that it would be easy to break it. The further they travelled, the more he gave Vidocq to understand that in hiin lay his only hope of safety ; every minute he re peated his e«Kiest entreaty not to be left behind wliile Vidocq reassured him, by answering amb'. guously, ' Ja, friend Frenchman. Jo, I not leave you ! I not let you go alone.' At last, the decisive moment arrived ; the rope was broken, and Vidocq cleared the ditch which separated the road from the underwood of the forest. Moiselet, who had recovered the legs of his youth, rushed after him. One of tho gen darmes dismounted to pursue them ; but how was it possible, even with all the good will in the world, to run, and above all to jump, in jack-boots and with a heavy sabre ? Whilst tlie gendarme made a circuit to intercept his prisoners, they dis appeared in the thicket and were soon out of reach. They followed a path which led them to the wood of Vanjours. There, Moiselet halted ; and after looking carefully around, directed his steps towards a thicket of bushes. He then stooped, thrust his arm into one of tho densest tufts, and drew out of it a spade.- He rose abruptly, ad vanced several paces without uttering a word, and when they came to a birch-tree, several twigs of which had been snapped short, he topk off his hat and coat, and set to work to dig with all his might, and main. He labored with such hearty good will that his task progressed rapidly. _ All of a sudden he threw himself back, uttering a long drawn sigh of satisfaction^ which told his companion that, without the aid of a diviner's wand, he had succeeded in discovering a treasure. The cooper seemed on the point of fainting from excess of joy ; but he speedily recovered himself. The removal of two or three more shovelfuls of earth exposed the box to view ; lie laid hold of it and pulled it out. Wliilo so doing, Vidocq seized the instrument of discovery, and, suddenly changing his tone, declared that the emigrant to Germany was his prisoner. ' If you make the slightest resistance,' he said, ' I will dash your brains out.' At this threat, Moiselet thought he was dreaming ; but when he felt himself in the grasp of that iron hand which had grappled with the most desperate ruffians, he must have been con-' vineed that it was no dream, but a terrible reality. He became as gentle as a lamb ; Vidocq had pro mised not to desert him, and he kept his word. During his walk to the gendarmes' station-house he kept exclaiming, over and over again '' I am a ruined man ! Who would have thought it ? Ho seemed such a harmless sort of fellow ! Who would have thought it? ' Moiselet was tried at the Versailles Assizes, and was condemned to six years' reclusion. M. Senard was delighted beyond measure at the recovery of his three hundred thousand francs' worth of diamonds ; but, faithful to his down ward sliding-scale, he cut down the reward to one half, and even then Vidocq had a hard task to get him to pay in cash the five thousand francs, out of which he had expended more than two. At one time he was afraid that he would have to suffer the loss for his pains. Note here, that Vidocq never attempted to conceal this trifling perquisite of three thousand francs, any more than he did other extra gra tuities. Similar additions to his income were by no means rare, and they serve to explain quite satisfactorily, how, with, a fixed salary of only five thousand francs a year, he quitted office, after having held it for eighteen years, with some thinglike a little fortune. Such was Vidocq's activity, that the numerous operations of the Brigade of Safety were for him insufficient occupation. Towards tho close of the Empire he opened in the Place de Gr&ve;, near Saint-Jean's turnstile, a distillery, or gin shop, where his faithful Annette was enthroned, and where he himself did not disdain to take his seat occasionally. It was an excellent post for observation. What is curious, is, that profes sional thieves frequented his establishment in preference to others. They thought it a good joke to go and take a dram at Vidocq's, and with him, whenever he happened to be there. For three or four years, under the Restoration, he set up a regular offico for providing military substi tutes in the Petite Rue Sainte-Anne, which is said to have brougn nim in fift thou- sand francs. He had already placed his talents at the service of private individuals whilst he was supposed to be devoting the whole of liis time to the public administration. Inquiries touching the interests of families ; hunting up debtors ; the surveillance of married and unmarried women, sometimes also the surveillance of husbands ; operations more or less avowable, but assuredly quite foreign to his duties ; he undertook every thing which, if it did not concern his office, had any remotely apparent connexion with it. The reputation for intelligence and activity wliich he had deservedly acquired at the head of his brigade, caused the highest families unhesitatingly to apply to him under the most delicate circum stances, and most frequently left him at liberty to fix the price of his services. If, therefore, accord ing to his enemies' account, he left the Prefecture of Police with sixteen or twenty thousand pounds sterling in his pocket, we have no right to shout after- him ' Stop thief!' On leaving the police, he was to have had a pension for life of twenty pounds a month. It was paid for six months only, and then suddenly stopped. At that period, everything was arbi trary in the administration of the police. To obtain an income, or rather, perhaps, to satisfy his inexhaustible activity, he set up a paper, card and pasteboard manufactory, in which all the workpeople were liberated criminals of either sex. The police greatly encouraged the idea at the outset, and made large promises of pecuniary assistance. His first_ attempts, though beset with difficulties, were fairly successful. He de monstrated by experiment, still moro forcibly than by reasoning, that all liberated criminals are not incorrigible, and that with a little per severance about a third of their number mty be reformed. But the police did not help him with a sou ; the paper merchants wanted to have the goods at half or quarter price, because they were the produce of criminal hands ; the neighbors made an outcry against an establishment where so many persons of ill repute were at work toge ther. The speculation failed, -with loss. Other of his inventions were, a door that could not be broken open, and paper that could not be forged or imitated, for bank-notes and sucli-like purposes. But police matters were Vidocq's second nature ; secret investigations, researches after people and things, were what he craved f«r as a necessity of existence. To gratify this, he set up his famous Bureau de Renseignement, or Information Office, which has since been imi tated in London ; the prospectus of it appeared in all the Parisian journals for June, 1833. Of this, we have only space to say that wh-le it brought him in both credit and money, it even tually brought him into trouble, lawsuits, and difficulties with the authorities, wliich emptied his cash-box faster than it had been replenished. To repair his losses, and still perhaps also to cxercise his untiring energy, Vidocq, truly be lieving that his celebrity extended beyond the limits of France, resolved to exhibit himself in London. His first essay, during the season of 1845, succeeded so well, that he repeated it in 1816\. For his theatre, he selected the Cosmo rama in Regent street. The performance, which was repeated several times in the course of the same day, was this : He addressed his audience in French, in a short speech which was translated by an interpreter. He gave, after liis own fashion, a summary of his adventurous^ life. ' He put on his galley- slave's dress and the irons with which he had been laden, including the double chain he had worn at Brest, as well as in the different prisons of Douai, Lille, and Paris. He related the stratagems to which he had re course, to take the most formidable criminals ; and each time he put on the costume and made up his face as he had been obliged to do under the actual circumstances. Next, he displayed a sort of museum which -might have passed for a wardrobe pickod up at the Morirue — Paparoine's hat. Lacenaire's pantaloons, Fieschi's frock coat, and so forth. Whatever might be the authen ticity of these relicB, our countrymen were never tired of admiring them. Finally, by way of anti climax, lie exhibited a collection of artificial tropical fruits, and of pictures professing to be ' originals of the Italian and'the Flemish schools, a few of which ho sold at high prices, because they had been his property. ? Those which re mained on his hands barely fetched, after his death, the value of the frames. Vidocq was sought after, and his appreciated, by persons abovo the vulgar. 'M. Charles Ledru, the eminent advocate, used not ? unfrequently to invite him to a restaurant, to meet a party of twenty or five and twenty guests, who listened breathlessly to his exciting stories, and drank to the health of ' the old lion.' During the troubled times of 1848, Vidocq wa3 in direct communication with M. de Lamartine ; and at the F&te; of Fraternity, in the Champde Mars, he saved the Provisional Government and the Constituent Assembly from being bu.nt alive. Lamartine retained so lively a remem brance of the service, that he is stated to have been very near visiting Vidocq on his death-bed. The sale of hie furniture, wjiioh'oceupied two whole days, afforded evidence of his former easy circumstances, as well of his decided taste lor pictures and works of art. It is supposed, with out being certain, that he had nothing left but an annuity of a hundred and twenty pounds. How ever, in his latter days, he freely taxed the genero sity of the few friends left, to him. Ho ? ' Wounded at heart and in the paw, tlvc old lion j cannot leave his den, where he groans, having no longer the strength to roar. Abandoned by all, | he waits with courage and resignation for tlie gates of eternty to open. To oblige quickly is to oblige twice. It seems that you have forgotten th Vidocq's constitution was unusully robust and vigorous ; every report of his numerous trials be gins by describing liis athletic stature and build. 41 1 believe,' he would say, ' I sholl get as far as a hundred. At any rate, I have more than ten years before me.' Paralysis proved that he was mistaken. He requested the attendance of a priest, whom lie had previously sent for as a confessor, to receive the last cere monies of the Roman Church. The priest, on accosting the sick man, warned him of the dis position of mind necessary to receive the sacra ment ; and that, before all, it was needful to make absolute and complete avowal of all his faults. ' Monsieur l'Abbe,' replied Vidocq, 'when I tell you that I sent for you myself, you may be sure' that I intend to be sincere. Extreme unetion and the viaticum wer given. The moribund, suffocated, because he had re strained his deep emotion, sobbed aloud, and laid his hand on his heart to express^ what his lips were unable to utter. He wept pious tears, and with an effort said, ' This is the happiest dny of my life. It is too much happiness for Vidocq.' Shortly before receiving the Holy Communion, the priest had given him a cross to kiss, which was made of olive-kernels from the Mount of Olives and blessed by the Pope, and a rosary also blessed by the Pope, and which he held twisted round his arm. He became calm as he respectfully gajed at these relics, and at intervals made a declaration, partly repentant, and partly justifying his past life. His funeral was followed by fifty male and female paupers, who each received three francs. Besides these paid mourners there were not ten people in the church. Amongst those few, a young person in tears was observed. _ As soon as he was dead, in addition to other claimants of the inheritance, there came an actress of tlie Boulevard, and two, three, five, ten, women of doubtful reputation, each armed with a will in proper form ; but all anterior to another that was produced by the persons with whom he lodged. When the seals on his property were broken, the Government intervened, and ^ removed from Vidocq's papers all such as might have any connexion with the functions he had formerly fulfilled. The same thing happened after the deaths of CambacfirJs and Talleyrand. New Bisnornic ik Australia. — Arrangements are in progress far the erection of a new bishopric in Australia, the seat of which will be in all pro bability at Goulburn. The Bishop of Sydney, writing home on the subject, states that the church lands there have become so valuable as to afford a reasonable hope that a suitable endow ment and a pioper cathedral may be becured. 