WOMEN'S WO U K. Talenfefi Sir—I c utd find plenty of employment for w mm, hut Icvi never g ir aayo' them to do i . At th® preEent m-merit 'here are no ! ess tlian 19 buttons off ray flirts It is th : ?a ne with ray col »r-—not a etring on them; the same with my glove —not a pair can I we <r, they are all so disgracefully full of lio cs. I n an woa'd will! *gly have «y h-ir cured every , mcning but I cannot get any one :*f my sisters t»tret ! up s fficiently e rlv to do it l'or hie. It is o beterif I wa'»t to « m a particular song 11 i. one of th- giris willco n •esceud :o tnarli it ma. fh u h tli.-re are six pian»s in the house, I am sure if t -ere is one • •eiieve nn», sir, it is ill non-C'ise; *j:ere \ < plenty »f employment, but the truth is, wh.-n it i - offered to he women tliev won't acc pt it. Why, I would undertake ray elf to ke-.p two or three const mJy em.do ednll d^y with the few things (making fli-.s, pun hingout wadding, ;ini the like) that I want arrcdinff to. I he fart ;s# ilia girls of the present day arc getting con foii'ided y t»o p-ond or els® too laz . They w>u". do a sing'e thing. Why it was oniy yesterday th it I asked Miss L11 *v to clean mv pipe o »f for m.*, and the young puss actuary re used me to in face. That is a .'act, Sir, an iyou are at lib rty 10 make the most of it. I remain, Sir, with the grcates* indignation, A Snttbbep r noTHEB. PS. - My sisters say that I am a selnsh, *»ur y, dis obli ing broth-r, and "hat i . the reason they wi'l do II thing to p'coso me. Prettv non-ense! Why they will do anything f *r Tom, and Alfred, and Giia.*; and 1 am sure they behave no better to tbem than 1 do. SWIMMING TOR INDIES. Wol-ear tlia- th® Talking Fi-h is under engagement to t®ach a large p.*.rty of Udie* to swim. He ff^rs to teach th»im swimming, if they in retnm wiil give him lessons in talking. FLIGHT OF TIME. ** f always know when it is qinrter-dny. and time to reca've ray salary, by my wife asking me to take a walk with her down Regent-street."—A ttaibxnd of Twelve Years* Combing. THE TWO EXTREMES. There are men who ire continuity going backwards andf rw.ivdsfroHithmrwirie- meich-ni'stitbechemist's. To the latter the go to recover them from the ♦ tfc-c s oi too many vi its to tli'i firmer? and t > the win'-mer chuit they return to restore them f ««m what IVirt hac been taking at the chein'-t's. It would he difficult to say which of the two bo t es—the d Motor's or the wine merchant's.—did them tbe most injury. BATBACIIIAN ARRIVALS. In the footman's :oluran of the newspapers, chro nicling the insignificant acts of persons of quality, we read *h*t— 11 Her Royal Highness tbe PrincessOlga Dolgorouky, Comte Nicholas Koucheff Berboroilko, and M Leopold Pisa, have arrived at Long's Hotel f«om pAiis." Hah ! h tve they ? We congratulate the Princess Gig* D.dgor*ukv and Count 'e-boro ko. As to M. Pisa, we salute ira too as a gentleman of whosr exist ence w are happy to hear; b»i his nine isn't suffi cient y r- m rkable to make us include h:m in the cO"gTatuIa:ion we addre-s fo his fe low-travellers and guest - at Long's, Their names are such that tlieir safe arrival from Paris must tie njgardcd -s a vry lucky thiug for them. Olga Doleror uky and K- ucheff Ber bt>rodko! Itrekekekex koax, koax.! The French must have taken them for frogs. 1 hey have had a narrow escape of itl TRFTH IS STRANGE. Wh®n Cuddesdon College was finished, the builder thonghr fit t■» cur the initials of the foimjS'T, the Bi lop of Oxtord,and of tbe first appointed P es:d nt, the Rev. Alfred P tts.over the eu'ranre, when th re appetred— S. O. A. P. TJic inscription his been removed. 1 A STUPID REMARK. As there is nn House of Lords in America, a Yankee is justified iu bragging about bis *' Peer;ess Country." PRO BONO BE-PUBLICO In Switzerland we read ihat the expenditure of the country is at the rate of 5s per individual. Of cour-e, we never expected that in a republic any oi c would h ive gon<» in for a soverelg r, even in the way of taxa tion: buf the Strang thing is that without a single sovereign, t er« should be such a multitude of crowns, for if you poll the entire population, y* u wlU find th t there is precis«ly a crown to every h*ad. The tax gaberer, whose duty ft is to carry the national h«t round, could not make things fit more nice y. In Eng land it docs not stop at the crow n, ba- every one is taxed head over ears SONu BY A SURGEON. Take. take, blue pill and cofccynth; Hey, Sir! your liver is much out of order. Take, t»ke rhuba'b and »q ; t menth; Gl«> e • n acute inflam** ation yc-u border. Symptmsab utyour head^ Make me congestion dread. When I take t em with the rest in conjunction; Lea-e off wine, beer, and giog; Arrowr<»ct all your prog. Let organs rest to recover their function. THE LAW ON ITS LAST LEGS. It really at.t-ost lakes our mental bieatli awaytc think of it, *-n, if something be n>»t done to foster their vitality wo fear the race * f lawyera will -non become extinct. They will be numbered before long wi h the lost tribes of Iar.el, ai.d the Lane of Chancery will know their face no more. The few surviving members, who have more longevity left than the roat, will be found wit'i eni;ty blue-bags at thi corners of the streets waiting anxious- eyed to run, or rather hobble off, on errands, &9 rapidly and faras their f*-t failing strength will suffer them. < 'r haply we shall fii.d them couching curl d up on the pavement with the s -d words ** I am starving*' chalked close beneath their noses and a basket for stray • oppere held be.ween t:.eir teeth At the meeting of tli* Low Assrciation held the other d-jy, the speakers spoke most mourn ully about their gloomy pr \spccks. and many made al u.tonraihe rainy day in s-ore for them, ? s though th re w s small chailcof their getting an umbrella. The Chairman w.-is perhaps the most ^fe-pondiug of the orators, a.jd his oration rea«s more ike a dying-p- e li and last con fession th^n any other form <>f words to which we can cornpa e. Delwia es* Lex was the t« Xt 01 which he re,eked, ana heartrending iid^ed were the remarks which he poured forth on in. He plainly told his hearers that owing to the so called amend . ent of the 1; w, th y were progress ng fu»t iu a canine direct on, orin vu'gar paila^ce, they we c going to the d gs. He declared that it>urp!ised li'm they contin vd to exist; bur he pre dcred rheir sup-lies would fall short b fore long, and thai tbey wou*d haveto leave off riving upon nothing, and spp< al in formd pauperis to the public for support. But this 'eg ilJeremi h- id not content himself witb siuj.-ly lam nting his sad pl'ght an 1 the aid plight of ail those whom I-* ait-gtl poi-it of vi w he regarde'a* his brethren: ec osed bis lamentation with something strangely like a threat, and to his Jeremiad imparted hat savoured very st'onglyof the Jeremy Diddler flavour Speaki g clearly for the purpose of cafchiug tire public ear, and se iou>iy inclining it to that atti t de oi interest which is assume J by persons when pricked up by a threat thai they'll be boxed, or that something e se to their advantage is in store for th m, said the Cliai man— " It may not be desirable that we should be too rich; but th-re is a proverb wbicn s^ysthit'' is & difficult thing to keep au emptv sack upright, and I am sure it is very desirable for the public that we should not be too poor." So. according to this gentleman, honesty with law vers is an article of luxury, and nn'ess they are veil off. they find they can't aff^d it When a lawyer begins to go down in tha world, be gives up his honesty as he would his carriage, and pu sues bis path of p under c nfce-.tedly on foot, until he can afford to be honest and ride again. To e upright be considers is a matter not > f conscif?ic •« but merely of the pocket Like or e of those toy figures which are kept upright by the swinging balacoof aweig t, a lawyer is kept upright on»y by a swingeing balance at hi banker's. Such at least s wh st we gather from the die am we have quote *i he hint that it is difficult to keep yonr lawyers upright appears to our mind capable of no other conjunction /.« wit other beasts of prey, the conduct < f a lawyer is depen cnt ou his appetite. If youke<-pyourcat well fed. it won'tdo <ou njum mischief; and while a lawyer is well-fec'd he won't dhow his teeth much. But depeud on it, as soon as ei her beast feel i pinched, he'll batnke himself to thieving without tho slightest scruple and lay hia cLws ou everything that comes withiu his roach. BRAMWELL IS HIMSELF AOAI3L A yachting friend was fe'ling B >ion Bramwell that, -while out onac astiug ciuise, tuey dlne<l one day off Dsal. M Rather a dry epast." ex lairaed the fsceiious Baron, w - o is qui e the Widaicouib of the legal circus —ciicuit, we mean. •* For my part, although tastes you know, vary," he continu d in the satue humorous strain. 1 sh'tnl t have preferred. waiting fu- Sandwich to take my luncheon, and then din-ug off the Chops of the Channel." The Baron w s s-> pleased with his < vu joke, that he immediately beg^n dancing a hornpipe, after the style of Miss Lydia i bompson. THE RIFLE VOLUNTEERS. Air.—"The BritishGrenadiers/* Some talk of Alexander, And some of Hercules, But John Bull's rising dander Needs no such aids as these* lie a onlders his long Enfbld, And at his dr'll appe-r>, Till •* pmg-wing-wi g." the b diets slug, <«f the »*illa Volunteers. And when ha is cornmauded To find himself in clothes. Like a trump unto his tailor For a uniform he goes. With his easy n iiickerhockcrs. And no stock bis neckjthat queers. For a run, jump, stand. Aey'rc the boys to com mand. Are the Rifle Voluneers. Let tho Horse Guards trust to pipeclay, And Gcner-1 Routine, Till the Line-man s schakoed, belted, And pack'd to a machine, With wi ds and waiss unfettered. And the use of eyes and ears. In wide awake tile come the rank and file Of tb« Bifid Volunteers* They mavn't be ui to marching, A hundred legs like one. Or in coming to the thoulder To the moment with each gnn; But f:«r liitt nof the target, Or the iceman - have no fr-ars, Henmstshootiniihtysprythatcoaldwipethecye, Of the Rifle Volunteers* At dawn to drill or pftctic*, Blow high, bl lo.v4 he goes; An l what a b-eakfastaf erwards Pe ca-p. ynu may suppose. For shooting, marching, wheeling, Not alone chase invasion's fe«rs. Bnt they also drive ont dyspepsy and gout From the Rifle Volunteers. The lovely n aids of England, The omely mat ons.too, Raia smiles upon the Rifles, And applaud their aim so true; For they know r-hi'e e ch stout marksman His unerring Enfield r are. No ltivader comes to the hearths and the homes Of the Rifle Volunteers. A BALSAM EOIt BRUISED SPntlTa. "We read tb t the tinveran- of Cayenne has aban doned in that tra- sporting colony 'he cultivation of th ■ castor-oil pl «nt and replaced it by sesame, la Se ame was the watchword of thieves in the wcl'-known A1 Baha story, it may be considered the most appropriate i plant for coovics and the outcasts of soeietv. and one so rich i association that >ttnay be likely to Inre them on to hiibits of industry, to which snch characters gei'era'ly entertain a most rooted antipathy Sesame in 'he fairy chronicle was the chsrra that opened the ca vern i which were hidden conot'ess treasures; so, in thh ins'ance, it may be the magic key which is to ope t ■ the wondering eyes of the th eves who work it all the wealth th«t is hnriei in the earth. We say thieves, as it is well known lhat, owing to the munificence of Bonis Napoleon, not a single political exile now re mains in the wretched Island of Cayenne, or else we would not insnlt th m with so piiggish a parallel. "flay closer, sib." A new epithet appeals in the theatrical advertise ments. A gentleman calls himself a Joint Author. Just the man for the terrible morning after the prodno tion—the time when the stage manager wants a lot of auls. AS IMPERIAL XEBI7. Decidedly, Bonis Napoleon has transported his s-j jects more than anv other ruler in the wrrld. This ia a merit that is acknowledged even by tiia bitterest «stesiies. iwOi-MfcNin.xG. Here's Europe ia itoiliwr. and bustle, and boSlier, i Kings and Kaisers, at c tic stve and council and plot Each crowi-ed Roya Brother distrusting th^ other. And ins-ular England distrusting the lot. While c mse or the riot hers-if calm and qu'ct, Italia, at lergth by past blunders srown wise, On h r Appenines sitting is busily fitting Her b ot with new welts, stoirer soles, and fresh ties. Her delicate hand** the fa rlady commands. To their task unfamiliar, with ean est endeavour; Iler ctrving and limtrng, li* r fiddling and hymning, -he has done for herself, but her boot-mend;iig, never. Som^tim^s Pope, sometimes Kaiser, sometimes King, as ad\T*«er. How her boot should be mended, she used to invite; That it p;nc!ied her severely she felt but *00 cl arly, T B t ru-ted strange vobbiers to set it a I right. Til. as might be expected, tlidr botching'^ detected, In such a misitth t poor Iti y swears She's o p tfch?d heel and ioe that, to stand or to go, equafsv t riuiv, the boor while she wears. So th-mgh France eager stands to take work off hprhmds, And Austria's \01tug Ksi-er puts in the same suit; Pays I aly. *' *0—ou a new tack I'll go, I know my own pinch, and I I men i my own boot.* A SENSIBLE FELLOW. The pior tailor, who tr.ed to cure his wife's temper his given it up--.sa. bad jo*i. lie found the experi ment was not ** worili the salt" A TERRIFIC DESCENT. The Gsvat Pal uf Niagara—being turned into a rope-walk for M. B1 ndin. PETER AND PAUL. " Wh*t power on earth, save lloine," frautically de mands a R un in Cath-ric journal, •'can confer the glorious title of Saint?*' Most Roman Cathode journals are miserably ill informed. which is of no pirticu'ar consequence to them, inasmuch as their admirers are usually a litt c deep r in the misery of igr.oranc •. Bit it is unfortu nate for ill informe-i persons to risk observations in 'the presence of Mr. Punch H" replies to the above demand— The Bri'ish P filament Anl taking up the very first book at band—it happens to be Cap ain DoJ's iuestimab e handbook to one's bathers Mr Punch cites proof. (Page 4S3 ) 4t St. Paul (2yd B»r net), Sir Horace St. Paul. Born at. &c.;, &c.; Hie fiifct Barouet, Sir Horace David Cliolwe 1 St. P<*-tilw»s a Co'nnel in the army. His grandfather assumed the prefix of Saint by Act of Par iament in 1768 " Now, then gentlemen of Over the Mountains. You sec that a Parliament can make quite ah good a Saint a - a Pope And we doubt not that in the entries of that angelic tegistrar, whom the Reverend Laurence Sterne states to be in the habit of crying over bis ledger, the titfe conferred by The Parliament of 76s is written out just as large as auy one wbi"b has ever b en conferred by any. Pope, from Alexander the Sixth t > Pius of Perugia. You should remember, that though you write for ignorant idiots, your writings may get into the hands of Mr. Punch, and then you come to grief. Orcuc pro vobisf NOT TO BE FOUND IN B03WELL. 41 Is it wrong. Doctor, to believe in ghost<?" u No. Sir; no more wrong than belbving in you It may be foolish; but there being no substance or foundation for the b lief. th«» folly. Sir. is quiie immaterial."— Mr. Punch's Unpublished An.cdotcs of Doctor Johnson. A QUERY FOE THE CALCULATING MACHINE. May the person who ma .escne pojnd two a day be said to double hi- capital ? IRISH ALL OVER! An Irish paper, describing the talking fish, says, ' it is quite a >ara avis?' This bull, however, comes in most happily, as it presents us with a combination that occurs but rarely, of fish, flesh and fowl. VERY PROPER PRECAUTION. Mr. Punch is in ormed than an action is atrut to be b-ought by Mr. John Arthur Roebuck, M.P., against onewf tkerailwav companies for deciinnzto convey him. except in a tin box, mar eri "Dangerous" The tympany's defence is its by aw, providing against liability to the carriage of inflammable matter. THE SOLDIER'S CALL. It must be confessed that, in the way o flogging, the British army outstrips every o.ber army in the worlu. Iristoiba- t at the Br tish «nldi-r, who never allows the enemy to see hi-: hick, should be called upon to ex hibit it to his own countrymen. THE CONUNDRUM THAT WON THE PRIZE AT THE LAST GRAND BILLINGSGATE FLOWER SHOW. Supposing you have got a fish, when is it like a flower? When you hare got a mignonette (him in your net). CON. TOR A COCKNEY. Why is the extra Income-Tax like a whirlpool ?—Pc cause it's a vortex (War- tax) THEFBENZIED FRIENDS ! A TALE OF TEBBOB1. Sard Smith t<> Snooks,44 My Snooks, what makes you look so serious ?" Said Snooks to Smit'*, " My fiiend, I have silent sor row here," giving a big thump upon his well-filled waisco&t; '■A sorrow? and you silent ? Pooh, pooh, don't be foolish. 'Give sorrow words: *ha grief that does not speak* goes and bursts its boiler, or dues something qui e as dreadful Coru^. te 1 me whites the matter. Say. lias Angelina flirte : ? Ilave you been and dropped your door key ? Hare you done a little bib. and h<ts the bill re urned the compl ment? Has your Uncle «'ra?sus cut you? Have you smashed your fa vonrtc cutty? Have you been drinking some Catawba? Have you got the stomach-ache? Have you " 44 Peace, friend, and I will tell you," eiglie** the wretc ie 1 Snooks. *' A ta«* worse fate than is that which hath befa'len me. Know that 1 this morn ing hive met the miscreant Jones, and he hithas usu I s'ske l me a—c—co—" 44 Speak, wretched on. I" gasped Smith;" say, was it a conundrum ?" " Ala<# yes!" groaned the other. 11 An unutterable (onundmm; one that would have palsied any lips but Jones's; one that like a poisoa-sbaft stll raik!e-i>i my breast, and grieves me to the heart's core to reflect on man's depravity." "Out with it then, my -"nooks. 'Twill ease your mind to tell itine. I am in robust healtu. You need not fear my fainting." Moved by his friend's appeal, poor Snooks, in a low voice, nude this terrific revebtt'on:— *• Why is the Earl of Shaftesbury not unlike Nana Sahib? Because be is a person who is vi.e and tro pica!." A pause of just ten minutes and three seconds for refle tio i. *4 Well, where's the j ke?" gasped Smith. ' There, I knew you wouldn't see it I can't tell jokt»s as Jones can. Would you believe ii, my cear boy, the w etch pronounced thos* three last words so as to sound like ' plii.anthropical.*" THE MATRIMONIAL CODE. The husband r« igns, but it is ibe wife who governs. 