FACTS, FUN, AND FANCY. < You'll bieak my heart,' as the oak said to th* haUhet, * We don't like promising young men,' said a storekeeper the othtr day; 'we'd much rather they'd pay.» « I say, Pat," said a Yankee, . why don't you sue that Railway Company for damages! Both of your leaf «re broken te smash; sue thtm for damages.' ' j|ue them for damages by faith, I have damages enough already ; I'll sue them for repairs.» (»Ive us what you thi*k. the finest specimen of gold in the world, and we will wager Its value that it ç«n be beaten. A little boy returning from schcol, said to his mother, ' Ma, ain't there a icitty-chism fer little boys? This; cat-echism is too hard for me.' Why, are authors who treat about physiognomy like soldiers ?-Because they right about face, ? Once in a minute, twice in a mon>ent, once in a man's life?-The letter M. We have heard but of one old woman that '4ri|sed her cow,' but there are thousands of young ores that kissgreat calves. What throat is the best for a singer to reach high notep with ?-A soar throat. Would a botanist classify the Ghost in ' Hamlet' as a species of Deadly Night Shade ? An old woman received a letter through the post office, and being anxious to know the coi. ten ts, supposing it to be from one of her absent sons, f he called on a person near to read the letter to her. He accordingly began, and read-'Adelaide, June SS, Dear Mother ;' then making a stop to find cut what followed, as the writing was rather bad, the old lady exclaimed-'Oh 1-'tis my poor Jeiry-he always stuttered.' A celebrated divine, who was remarkable in the first period of bis ministry for a loud and boisterous mode of preaching, suddenly changed his whole manner in the pulpit, adopting a mild and dispas- sionate mode of delivery. One of hts brethren observing it, inquired of him what had induced him to make the change? He answered, 'When I was young I thought it was the thunder that killed the people; but when I grew wiser I discovered it was the lightning- so I determined to thunder less and lighten more in future. A USEFCI HINT FOR SWIMMBSS.-A corres- pondent of the Field says that cramp in the leas may be easily and instantly cured, thus:-« On the moment of its seiiure in the calf of the leg, the instep should be forcibly drawn up or flexed on the leg, and the cure will be as sudden as the attack. I have tried this very many times, and it never fails.' j Mere than £125,000,000 bas been pallas Income Tax since it was reestablished by the late Sir Robert Peel. 