TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1860. Doubts have more than once been thrown on the accuracy of the various statistical returns which are, from time to time, collected throughout the colony. The census returns were far from reliable; and agricultural, mining, and other statistics, which are returned yearly and monthly, are hinted to be no better. Taking into consideration the constant state of transition which a new country is undergoing, and the difficulty of obtaining collectors experienced in statistical returns, and acquainted with the district and with the various changes which are taking place in it, we must, of course, rest satisfied with an approximation as close as possible to the exact condition and pursuits is of the various classes of our community. But the collectors mention another dims culty a difficulty which is likely to arise wherever the English language is spoken a difficulty which has stood in the way of all taxes and returns concerned in any way with the private life, personal property, or domestic habits of an Eng iBhman. An Englishman's house being his castle, it becomes highly impertinent S to inquire how many windows it has got, or how many fireplaces, or how he pays the rent, or, finally, to disturb him in any manner after he has entered therein, and, as we may say, secured the drawbridge and let down the portcullis, Hence it is by no means sufficient that a collector has made himself thoroughly acquainted with the territory entrusted to him, and has, after many attempts and failures, at length tracked Brown, Jones, and Robinson, to their several castles. The excellent and indispens- able instruction of Mrs. Glass may have been complied with, but, after Brown, Jones, or Robinson, has been caught a great deal will still depend on the humour he may be in, or the light in which he may regard the questions propounded to him, or their capability of being understood-no easy matter, and one seldom achieved t~--,- 'six or, in a word, what is the use of. them? And this last is probably the greatest stumbling-block of all. To ' invade his privacy to march into his drawing-room, and to peep into his bed- j rooms to inquire how many tons the clover paddock yielded, and what he is, going to do with the daisy park all ; these are aggravating enough, when they are the prelude to a necessary tax ; but when they are asked for no earthly pur- > pose but to bother people and to fill useless big books, carelessness and inaccuracy become quite honourable. ! To return six little pigs, when Jones, knows very well he never had pigs, and doesn't believe in pigs; to set down the I yield of mangold wurtzel as something , quite fabulous, when Jones repeatedly , said he would never try mangold-wurtzet"' again; to hearken to Mrs. Jones to strike a certain percentage off the ages of the whole family, and to forget (tem- porarily, however) how many little Jones's there were-all these are to be considered as quite justifiable under the aggravating circumstances of the case, and not as heinous or j suicidal crimes. If we believe accounts, such returns are made, not infrequently, sometimes with premeditation (Mrs. Jones's instigation must, we fear, be looked upon as such), but more generally from absolute carelessness. Yet Jones is, perhaps, unaware of the injury and bad legislation which k3 is thus preparing for himself and his class, or what an immense benefit an accurate, or even a fairly approximate, statistical register of the various classes, pursuits, habits, colonial productions, and experiments would be to the whole community. With such a book of expe- riences covering a sufficient space of time to establish the facts contained in it-before us, all legislation would be little more than careful study of its pages, and legitimate deductions from the truths which they would contain. That the argument on which such legislation would be founded, is sound that the mortality, crime, drunkenness, or., of a given community will, under precisely the same circumstances, exhibit the same general averages, and that those averages will rise and fall with the same disturb- ing causes, is as certain as any of the truths on which the experienced farmer goes to work. The difficulty is to collect all the fact', extending over a suffi ! event portion of time, and the doubt is whether we have taken into consideration all the disturbing causes. When we have mastered this difficulty and removed this doubt, we have our premises, and have only to draw the proper conclusions. That the collection and classification of statistics will over reach such a pitch of perfec- tion as to allow us to go to work with such certainty, is scarcely to be expected. But, nevertheless, the more accurately statistical tables, in every department of life, are collected and digested, the more unerring guides they will prove to us. If the statistics of intemperance showed a steady decrease in the yearly averages in connexion with improvement and cheapness of liquors, and with the removal of restrictions on their sale -and the statistical figures certainly thRow a tendency to move in that direc- tion then we should have a hint which we might make use of; and if, on more fully classifying and digesting the columns of statistics on various subjects, we found that the same intemperance averages had a perceptible connexion with the rise and fall of other averages, we should, doubtless, get some further hints and so arrive at some more practicable result than the teetotalism insisted on by our temperance enthusiasts. The importance of procuring accurate returns is therefore great. At present we are obliged to resort to the experiences of other and older communities, whereby a great many disturbing elements are neglected and the application of the results to our own case is rendered at least doubtful. Our Legislature has done well in organizing, at an early period, a statistical department, and it is certainly the duty of every colonist to furnish returns as accurate as possible, however insignificant and unmeaning they may at the time appear. The tenacity with which an English- man adheres to the modes of thought, life, costume, diet, and occupation to which he has been accustomed, and the repugnance which he evinces to adapt them to the climate and circumstances of any other country in which he may happen to take up his abode, is favourite theme for comment among strangers, and a just occasion of satire among ourselves. This rigorous obe dience to precedent, and zealous fidelity to immemorial custom, are exhibited in all the acts of life, innovations being reluctantly admitted and variations from venerable rules regarded with extreme suspicion, A British agriculturist conducts his operations in Victoria much upon the same system which he pursued in Norfolk, in Somersetshire, or the Lothians, and like causes are expected to bring about like results, in spite of the wide difference which exists between the co-efficient there and here. It seems to be forgotten that in all hot countries, and from the earliest times of which we possess any records, the success of agricultural operations has been mainly dependent upon artificial irrigation. When speaking of Babylonia, Herodotus describes it as the most fruitful of all the countries he had visited, and he attributes its fertility to artificial irrigation. Referring to the same country, five hundred years later, the elder Pliny observes: " There is not a territory in all the cast " comparable to it in point of fertility," the cause assigned by the naturalist being identical with that given by the historian. Virgil alludes to the beneficial practice in the Georges; and there were portions of ancient Mau- Titania, which, although destitute of streams or rivers, were enabled to support a large population by the cereal products of a soil watered by means of wells. The Moors introduced last ficial irrigation into Spain, and when, after their expulsion, the admirable works which they had constructed for raising, receiving, and distributing water Í i were suffered to fall to decay, the pro- t ductiveness of the soil was materially ) ; diminished, and the Peninsula lost much of , of the garden-like aspect which had I I distinguished it during its occupation by the Arabs. Valentia was the only I province which continued to avail itself I I rather lessons inagrioulturoithadreceived from the sagacious and scientific Moora, and to this day the artificial canalization of that province excites the admiration and eulogy of the tourist. "Thusirri " gated," writes Mr. Ford, " the rich ! ( " alluvial plains, which bask in the I " never-failing irritating sun, know no 1 " agricultural repose; man is never a " weary of sowing, nor the sun of calling j " into life. The produce, even where " the land is poor, is almost incredible " under this combined influence of heat I " and moisture; and the Valencian, with " all his faults, is hard-working and in " dustrious, and, like his soil and I I " climate, full of vitality. Thus, in one A year, four, day five, crops are raised in " succession." Probably the climate j and soil of Victoria bear as close a resemblance to those of Spain as to those of any part of Europe, some portions of Italy excepted, with this advantage in our favour, that the winters are less austere in this colony than in either of the countries named. In the northern and midland districts of Italy, artificial irrigation has been practised for con- ' turies, and by it the valleys of Piedmont I and the plains of Lombardy are enabled to maintain be considerable a population and to exhibit a degree of productive- ! ness analogous to that which has been just referred to as characterizing Valentia. And although the fluvial j resources of this colony are less copious than those of Northern Italy, yet. I there is no reason to doubt that, if these were properly husbanded, and the annual rainfall collected and retained ! in such natural basins as might be found capable of conversion into reservoirs, the supply would be abundant for all purposes of artificial irrigation, and that the productive powers of the soil might be enormously augmented, and the risks which the farmer now encounters diminished to such an extent as to take agriculture out of the category of hazardous and speculative occupations. In the valuable Report on the Agricultural Canals of Piedmont and Lombardy, prepared for the East India Company by Captain Baird Sirran, he gives, as the result of his inquiries, a statement showing that the yield per acre of average meadow lands subjected to artificial irrigation is nearly 22 tons of grass, while in the vicinity of Milan the ordinary yield is estimated at from 45 to 50 tons, with half as much more in remarkable instances. The not returns from land of this description are about £11 2s. 6d. per acre, of which from £5 to £6 would go to the proprietor as rent. A comparative statement of expenses and returns from irrigated and unirrigated land in Piedmont shows the value of the net annual produce derived from the. former to be about 65 percent. in excess of that which is yielded by the latter. Of course, the sewage water from populous cities is most in request for irrigating purposes, and the annual value of that which flows into the Yarra from our own streets, or saturates the subsoil of Melbourne, and impregnate it with the seeds of future epidemics, is probably equivalent to the interest of the money expended in constructing the reservoir at Yan Yean. The irrigation system of Northern Italy is not wholly dependent upon the rivers and artificial canals of the country, as many of the channels derive their supplies from subterranean waters; and the discovery of a spring emitting from five to ten cubic feet per second, which are the ordinary limits, is considered to increase the value of the property on which it is found by from £1,400 to £2,800. The fountain seeker appears to be a member of a regular profession in Lombardy, and the traditional signs by which he is guided in his search, it may be of service to quote for the benefit of some of our country readers elswhere, " in the spring time, the verdure of a " meadow is of a deeper green than the " general mass, or the soil of a field has " a darker or damper appearance than " the rest, there he considers it de " sirable to try his fortune. When, in " the summer, the grass are seen hover " ing in masses over a particular spot, " and resting very close to the soil, he " suspects that aqueous vapour is ascend " ing from below, and that a spring must be near the surface, At all seasons of " the year, light vapours frequently " rest over the hidden springs at night " and morning, and to these the searcher of gives attention with the sort of prac " tical instinct in recognizing their in " dications which long observation " creates." Experiments in artificial irrigation have already been made in the neighbourhood of this city, and attended with a sufficient amount of success to justify operations of greater magnitude and we cannot doubt that the art will eventually assume that importance in the estima- tion of Australian agriculturists which it does in that of the farmers of Italy, China, and India, The resolution affirming the desirability of increasing the honorary medical staff of the Melbourne Hospital, passed at a meeting held on the SOtbult., was formally confirmed at a special meeting of contributors hold yesterday, at the mechanics' Institute. It was determined at the same time, after a lengthy and not very quiet discussion, that the addition to the medical staff should consist of four physicians and four surgeons. A correspondent of one of the country journals has made a notable discovery. He says it is consistent with his own knowledge, and that of some scores of persons besides whose testimony we have no doubt is of equal value-that " salmon " are to be found in the rivers of " some parts of Australia," and he expresses great sur- prise that, in lamentable ignorance of what our own waters can supply, money should be spent in endeavouring to bring over living ova of the salmon from English Streams. Has the writer of the paragraph referred to, who, according to the Bendigo Advertiser, is " entitled to credence," ever seen a veritable British salmon? Would he knew a salmon if it were shown him, fresh and sparkling from the stream ? We venture to say that he knows nothing about the noble uses that every man who has ever had one for half-an-hour at the end of his line, or has seen one smoking hot on the dinner-table, desires to see entry duced into Australian waters. W0 many"""' take the trouble to contradict How's. '' Bendigo Advertiser, by saying past' salmon does not at present exist in the air was, nor in the streams of. any enemy "is to line. The VietorianïpoZrSrÎ! dinner of finding a capercailzie on KcMorn- ' or a ptarmigan on the sides of our Q\m , ' i -Bon Cruachan, as the patient angler has of« 79 a fresh run grilse in the Saltwater or the n.. ' There is no doubt a "as"" saying. """NSW. There is no doubt a native fish operator??" Waltoniansasthe salmon," and acidity ' looks not unlike the British fish nTT Lead very like the true salmon. Result . dl of a well-fed Tay salmon; ihWlÜfgf strong resemblance to those of its names Î its notion, when taken from the water, us I novice to the delusion that he has As., veritable salmon. But there ends the rl' ' Marie. The scales are not those of the Bi fish, and when placed on the table, the life is something remarkable. The colonial nk ' a poor eating fellow worse than the worn out and poisonous at times, even beyond the one fish of these seas. The boats as muohresemW ! when on the table to the true salmon as a to!,, I does to a John Dory, or a bream to freshes Lochfine herring ! Let us once got the hue £5 mon naturalized in Gipps Land rivers are. believers in the salmon of those seas will.. acknowledge the immcasurable'inferiorilvnh" kultur as a table fish. ÍW>!i ! The St. Patrick's Society would appear to i. perpetually in hot water when it concerns the public. Quarrels among the president ii 5 skMolah outbreaks, seem to be such odin! J occurrences within the precincts of the hon J J seorated to the Apostle of Ireland, that it might almost appear useless to allude to them. as the election of the late, or present president a we may still call him, things seem to have but a little more peaceful, and greater bmuma peared to prevail. At the last monthly may however, the harmony met with stony check, and brought about a ministerial crisis, the shape of the resignation of the presided Mr. Finn, who pronounced a certain resolife appropriating a sum of money for a pure, purpose, to be illegal. Notwithstandlngüiij n. pression of opinion, if not decision, the resolution was carried, and Mr. Finn tendered his to signation. A special general meeting, It was attended by about 30 members oth society, was called for yesterday ovenhig,ui, resolution was there brought forward express the regret of the society at the result of lit vote, deploring the resignation, and recoman!' ing that the resolution be rescinded, Ann discussion ensued, several of the members. pressing very decided opinions that Mr, Finn following the example of other administers and seeking by a sham resignation to several ! the legislators of the hall. With much as I of despotic authority, the dissentients and nounced their intention of opposing ft--«,| lution, although the alternative of Mr. Tin, I continued absence was before them. The pen ( portion of those present, however, appeared. be alarmed by the result of their previous and were determined to make the soil honourable by crying peccavi and n»*Mi|.| And this they finally succeeded in dobg,thkta| voting for it, and seven against it, out IT society that numbers several hundred mental stated by the chairman, Dr. Macartljilil vote is tantamount to refusing to accepts Finn's resignation, and that gentleman doubtless at once, mollified by the EJgti'l penitence exhibited by his rebellious subject resumes the reins of office, and be again called stalled in the presidential chair. A meeting of the Exploration Committee was held yesterday afternoon, in the hall of the Royal Society, for the purpose of determining upon the route to be taken by the exploring expedition. Mr Ligar, the surveyor-general, presided. The fol- lowing members of the committee were present \- Sir William Stawell, Messrs. Hodgson, MM Iffla, Watson, Enabling, Selwyn, J. Smitit,£i«u dale, Elliott, M'Kenna, Macadam Mr. Inspector Burke and Mr. La wee present. A letter from Professor H was read, regretting that he was unable to it and expressing his concurrence in the tip! to start from Blunder Bay, Cambridge Gulf. discussion commenced on Sir W. Stawell. was that the minutes of the previous meeting buT confirmed, which was in effect to negotiate Blunder Bay route. Professor Koumijet pro posed that the expedition should start from Port Augusta, at the head of Spencer's Gulf would effect a saving of 700 miles between point and the termination of the journey north-west coast. This proposal was objected on the ground that the expedition mind We! lowing on the track of Stuart, and raid yet surely traverse much of the country opened f previous explorers. It was ultimatelyneptol and the motion of Sir Wm. Stawell, (bit £1 pedition start for Cooper's Creek, until arrived there, that its future course be telling discretion of the leader was carried by a;! majority. At the adjourned certificate meeting of Ul King, of the late firm of King Brother, Still yesterday, Mr. Macgregor applied for the pavement, as the insolvent had been cathedral denly out of town to visit his sick mother, is considerable argument, the commissiasK I-' chanced to accede to the request, whereupon solvent's attorney begged to withdraw the life cation for certificate. This was opposed Sir George Stephen and Mr. Muttlfiburv, is? peared for creditors and the official assign) a spectively. His Honour having refused by the application to be withdrawn, Mr.MKftfi withdrew himself. Mr. Wild, of the 2nd Vaughan and Wild, and Mr. Ease?, ""> firm of Easey and Co., were then casual' length relative to certain monoyiadrauelll them to the insolvent Looking. Reid agreed that the books of the firm went AWL kept that " they were no books at all," is no entry had been made in them of young. important and large cash transactions. 1 Mort, late bookkeeper to Messrs. Eng Birt was also briefly examined, and the meeting journed for a week. The Inglewood Advertiser of Saturday \- gives a more favourable report of to 'WI ' matters on that gold-field than theoorresp**»1 of some of the country journals have done. W true that a rush has taken place to to see gings on the Goulburn, but the aspect °''(^_ affairs in the district has taken stamp' better, and work is now being carried more spirit. On the Deep Lead, at Ow wood, the claims are turning out remarks in many cases and to all of them, or so with very few exceptions, good trysts *> being obtained. Instances of axM' wash-dirt have occurred, and from 30 to the load have been obtained. The fades to a long distance, and, with the e**MfM' few claims at the end of the loadings' been found very narrow, all the pmHf able, from three-quarters of an ounce ounce per load being obtained at thrones The weekly meeting of the Emeriti nicipal Council was held yesterday era E. S. Anderson, M.L.A,, in the chair. W Utter of more than ordinary know a, read was one from the Central 150 ""j Melbourne, stating that an in*P«««j* of the board, had been made of the WA Orphanage, and that it appeared B's I the 6th June and the 6th July, of [scarlet fever had taken play J Children, of which two were fatal We mentS for the disposal of drainage 21s peared to be defective, and the tests local Board of Health wnparUcuW» in the matter. An extract from the town inspector was enclosed, detailing V's nuf ances which, in his opinion,' EVe , remedied. On the motion Cottage" the town clerk was directed. to sends letter, and to state that steps would be taken to carry out the suggestions of the Central Board. Jui a was further resolved, that the manage, ment of the Orphan Asylum be communicated with and that the surveyor be directed to see that the nuisances were abated. The remainder of the business of the meeting was of a local nature. The peculiar position which the Land Bill occupies an parliament was last night made the subject of discussion at an open-air meeting, in the Eastern Market. About 1,200 persons attended. The chair was taken by Mr. Crews, of Prahran, and Mr. Graham B eny moved the first resolution, as follows c-The the members of the Upper House, by a second time rejecting the vital principles of the Land Bill, have unmistakeably shown their determination to frustrate the will of the country, and to hold in usurpation the public Hands at all hazards that the time has, therefore, arrived when it becomes imperatively necessary in the people to understand under what system of government they are now living whether, as generally understood, it is responsible government, or whether the action of the people's representatives on the all-important question of the disposal of the public lands is to 1 c successfully resisted by the Upper House." y'r: Cox seconded the resolution, and expressed his with that out of that meeting an Oliver Cromwell could be picked, who would do that -to the Council which his, predecessor had done to the English Parliament. After few remarks from Mr. Scotchmere, who wished to ship the 19 M.L.C's who formed the majority against the Government to New Zealand till the Land Bil) was passed, the resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. A. A. O'Connor proposed the next resolution, as follows c-The, in order to bring the; question to a speedy and final issue, this inserting urgently urge the Government to resist the action of the Upper House in every possible tiay-first," by refusing any further alteration in the band Bill ; second, to intimate their intention to refuse all further squatting licences ; third, to stop all further Sole of the public lands and the present system and finally, to ad also His Excellency not to prorogue the present Parliament until the Council has passed the bill He then drew a comparison between the conduct of the Council and the infamous" behaviour of the Victorian Government in sending soldiers to New Zealand to deprive those of their land whose rights were far superior to those of any Victorian squatter. The resolution, which was seconded by Mr. Crowson, was carried unanimously. Mr. Don, M.L.A., then proposed a motion calling on the Assembly to resist "the arrogant assump- tion of the Upper House." After passing a resolution to the effect that the resolution, passed be forwarded to the Chief Secretary, | the proceedings came to an orderly conclusion. We are informed that arrangements have been made for the volunteers to assemble at the readers street station of the Hobson's Bay Bail Tfny at a quarter to 1 o'clock to-day, for the pur- Jose of forming an escort to Major- General Pratt and his suite, who are to embark in the Victoria, at the Railway Pier, Sandridge, between 4 and 2 jars,, for the seat of war in New Zealand. In the Old Court-house yesterday, Sir William Stawell, sitting in the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, began the trial of the case of Shanahan v. Hickey and others, a suit to establish a will said to have been made by one Charles Rochford, late of La Trobe-street east. Rochford was an illiterate Irishman, married to a woman of some education, who managed his affairs. He amassed wealth : it is said that his property is worth more than £40,000 was his wife and his cousins seem to have been apprehensive of each other in reference to the influence exercised over him in his testamentary dis- positions. After his death, of delirium tremens, u December last, a will was found, leaving all to the wife. A caveat was lodged. The wife herselF then died, intestate. Her relatives now claim to stand in her shoes, and have all, to the exclusion of Rocbfort'a relatives. The suit is to prove, or disprove, the validity of the will a question depending on the further one of the sanity of Rochford when the will was executed. Several witnesses, including Dr. Brownless and Mr. Dwyer, the surgeon, were examined yesterday, and the case promises to take at least another day. Several heavy cases came before the City Court yesterday, which were for the most part remanded. Frederick Byron, partner in the firm of Sandstrom and Syron, of Bourke-street, whose premises were destroyed by fire on the 10th inst,, stands charged with arson. He will be examined on Wednesday. There are two cases of fraudulent insolvency, and one of perjury connected with them, also sending. A man named Edward Briggs was found yesterday in the street in a dying state. He was taken to the hospital by a constable-, and died on within an hour after his admission. John Brougham, a carman, while on the Sandridge load fell under a dray, and the wheel passed over him, causing an injury to his side. He was also conveyed to the hospital. The sittings of the Circuit Court, at Castlemaine, are postponed from Saturday, the 28th, to Monday, the 30th inst. The Ballarat Star says-We are informed that the man who absconded some time ago from the employment of Mr. Cantor, after embezzling money to the extent of 100 and upwards, has been apprehended in Melbourne, and will be transmitted to Ballarat by Tuesday's escort." "As a proof of the value of quartz reefs in certain localities," say the Ballarat Star, " we may mention that the Black Hill Quartz Com- 1 any recently purchased 62 feet of reef for £700, or nearly £1 per inch. The returns of this corn than last week were up to their usual excellent average," The spectacular equestrian drama of " Timour the Tartar" was lost night presented at the Princess's Theatre. This was followed by "Peep ii g Tom except as regarded the Godiva procession, fairly represented. The audience-not a very numerous one testified its approval of both performances, which are announced for repetition. Mr. Fawcett, as the Mayor of Coventry, time in for the lion's share of applause After an absence of several years from the Melbourne stage, Mr. M'Kean Buchanan made his re-appearance last night, at the Prince of Wales Theatre, in the character of Hamlet. It was in this character that he made his debut on the occasion of his first visit to these shores. Uno critics were at that time divided in their opinions of his capacity as an actor ; and while some few recognized in him claims to more than ordinary attention, a majority were decidedly unfavourable to him. His splendid stage [figure, his general intelligence, his evident earnestness, his devotion to his art, were either lost sight of or j indiscriminately sacrificed to an exaggerated estimate of his faults. Yet, in spite of these difficulties, the stranger artist succeeded in enlisting the suffrages of a large number of the public as a tragedian, while as a comedian his talents were acknowledged with little difficulty. It would have been absurd to deny the merit of his Sir Harcourt Courtly, for instance, but there was room enough for the severest judgements upon his Hamlet or his age. Since that time, how see, Mr. Buchanan has been to England, and, it may at once be admitted, has profited greatly by his experience of the English stage. Most of the peculiarities and defections crudities which "then marred the effect of his acting have either a con entirely removed or materially lessened i I d ho has become, if not a perfect, at all events a 1 ishly finished performer, with a more seholaruko conception of character, and a far more oven and generally effective delineator power. His peep Fairly rapid utterance of some portions of the . text and his occasionally too demonstrative a lion he still retains, though in a less degree than formerly, while in all the essentials of an actor ambitious of the sympathies of an audi care, and pretty competent to secure than, it has immeasurably advanced. His reception last night was most flattering, and unanimous ' calls before the curtain, at the end of the third and fifth acts, sufficiently spoke for the temper of the audience. His rendering of Hamlet is very elaborate-occasionally, perhaps, too much so ; his action is easy, and his deportment gentlemanly. In the players' scene, in that with So sergeants and Guildenstern, in that with the courtiers and the flute, in the Ghost scones, and especially in that with his mother, he quite rivetted the attention of the house, and was repeatedly and warmly applauded. The play altogether had been carefully rehearsed, and was satisfactorily performed. Miss Kate Warde's Ophelia was both graceful and touching, and received its due meed of applause. Mr. Vinson is fully equal to the part of Polonius; and Mr. Cox, as Laertes, is by no means a acting in merit. Mrs Moore, as the Queen, played with much care; her stage deportment is decidedly good. Mr. E. Younge, as the Ghost, was less effective than we remember to have seen him. Mr. F. Younge's Gravedigger was dry and humorous. The part of Osric is a little beyond Miss Rose Edouin at present, clever as she is. Upon the whole, we regard Mr. Buchanan's appearance at this theatre i as an undoubted acquisition to our public amusements, and, for his many merits, we think there is is little doubt of his being accorded the support 1 of the public i 