ENGLAND AND AMERICA. TUE Washington ' correspondent of the New York Times] writes as follows Information has been received here which confirms the statement published in the New Orleans Picayune va relation to tho efforts made by the English government to bring the con- tending parties in Mexico to a settlement, Cap- tain Aldhain, commanding officer of the British vessels of war. at Vera Cruz, addressed a leitor Ottilie S4tli ;March to .President Juarez, con-' granulating him. on'the-.glorious resistance thc city offered toMiramon, and renewing-the efforts made before in the name of the English govern- ment for the establishment of peace in that dis- tracted country. The Minister for Foreign Affairs of the constitutional government answered in ' the name of Juarez, in an elaborate note, defining the position of the constitutional government, shewing by reference to history that peace cannot be re- stored whilst the priests have power to con- spire, as all' constitutions which havo been either framed by legitimate representatives of the people, or accepted by the people themselves, have been overthrown by the i priests, who will not ? accept anything short of supremacy, which they aim to exerciso over "everything in Mexico. The note goes on to compare the conduct observed toward foreign- ers, both by the constitutional government and by the re-actionists, to shew that the former, notwithstanding it has not been recognised by the ministers from England and France, has complied- with the obligations of the country, and afforded protection, as far as possible to foreigners, while the latter has com- mitted., most , shocking outrages of every kind, that the government was desirous of seeing an end put to thc distracted condition of 'the country, and was ready to do. everything consistent with its duty to bring about a settle- ment in which : the sovereignty of tho people should be acknowledged, and the great princi- ples of civil and religious liberty be bocured. . Monsieur Gabriac has been recalled by his government, and it is supposed through the in- fluence of England, in her efforts to intervene to restore peace and secure to herself the re- sultant advantages. The reply of Lord John Bussell to the last note of Secretary Cass, on tho slave trade, was received by the last mail, and, discusses points of international law at great length. It is very severe upon the course of the United States. The venerable secretary is extremely restless under the lecture'read him by his lordship,'but he will pay him back in his' own coin with interest. » ;. > A Nsw YOEE SPIEITUAI. MEDITO ct ALABAMA..-Dr. ! O. Redman, a spiritual medium of thia city, has .been travel- ling South, exhibiting his powers in summoning* the ghosts . of lae departed. He : got. as. far down as Montgomery,. Alabama, where, if we: credit the account he gives in : bis letter to the Spiritual. Telegraph of. this - week, he and hts associate, Mr. Xansing, made a great stir. He Bays : " The circles have been composed, of the - elitt of city and country, including many: clergymen, members of the Legislature (now ia session), with a fair, proportion of the more unde- veloped portion of the community. So great has boen the' excitement that tbe mora conservative church-goers-sent in a petition to the Legislature, aakimr' their interference in our case. The HD, .{mpottag a fine of fifty dollars per- diem on. all pn^o.spirit-medirim^ waa framed ajid presented to the august body by Dr.'JUabury, and subsequently, by motion .ot Mr. Clitheral], the amount was^mereased toJive hundred dollars per day ; Jie bilfcpnHsed tho House Eke a whirliriml, j>nd-«the mles were1 suspended -to send it directly to the Senate, where it also passed without a ? thought. The: only negative votes were those from members who'bad atteadetl our circles."-JV.- T.-JPott. - - -- t 