IPSWICH. -(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) FRIDAY (YESTERDAY). I SHOULD be sorry to intrude into the special province of the Brisbane correspondent of the Ipswich Herald, who invariably informs us that there is nothing new under the Metropolitan sun except a leader to laugh at. Diomed was not content with attacking the leaders of the Trojan host, but roamed over the battle field, seeking disguised duties to exemplify his prowess. But heaven knows, if a reviewer be so highly bred a critic that he will keep aloof from carrion, and stoop upon no ignoble prey, he must not set up any arbitrary distinctions as to leading articles. There is a leading article in the North Australian of the 20th, which almost justifies the hauteur with which a certain Greek professor of great celebrity is wont once a week or so, in his lecture room, to refer to the usages of language " in newspapers, and other low literature." Don't we Remember, up here, how a writer in the Herald threatened the editor of the JVoW7¿ Australian with a weapon, in large type, and what fun the said editor made of this dagger in the air." And now the North Australian bids the" writer in you beware lest, in some coming hour, a whisper, a breath, charged with a past fact, consigns him and his name to infamy." What a powerful whisper! how foul the breath that stirs the air I wonder if Methuselah had lived until now, how many ghosts of dreadful secrets, respecting the living and the dead, would glare out from his much abused eyes, threatening awful resurrection in some evil " coming " hour. And I wonder how much gold he would get for revealing his little budget of such mysteries to the various Governments of the earth ! It is in some such way as this that par- sons, over-valued with the " organ of individuality, abuse the pulpit. " May I ask if you were alluding to me in those remarks in your sermon on Sunday nights" "Oh, certainly not, I don't mind telling you in confidence that there was a personal allusion intended, but you cannot guess against whom it was directed, because you are not acquainted with the circumstances. The theory of the North Australian is-not that the Editor of the Courier is responsible for the leading articles, but that there are various writers, and each is responsible ; or at least, such is obnoxious to threats. Faisi and foolish' the theory may H Port it ought, at least, to have served to protect the writers than the actual author of the article on the judge, from such impertinent insinuations. The cases that were postponed on the 7th instant, in the Court of Requests, were disposed of on Wednesday last. This time Mr. Panton only was on the bench. The first case was Broughton and Fattorini v. Alone which had been settled out of court. The second was the case of John Ford v. Julius Haimberger, the particulars of which are already very familiar to your readers, it having been twice before brought before the Petty Debts Court, besides being connected with an action in the police court ; but this time it will be remembered that judgment was only reserved for the lawyers to look over their books and fish thence arguments pro and con, as to the liability of a father for the mischievous conduct of his son. It is a circumstance which speaks well for the land itself, that lawyers interested in it, bikini.' different views of an abstract question, often manage to come to a perfect agreement thereon when they sit down and talk matters over quietly, and thus it was in this case. The lawyers were fully agreed that this was a case in which the boy acted as his father's agent, and that it was necessary to ¡>ho\v that he acted within the scope of his principal's authority. There was no evidence of this therefore there was no liability. Mr Chubb then "put it to his friend," &c;, whether Mr. Haimberger ought not to feel it his duty to pay the claim he has so steadily resisted. Mr. Thompson answered he did not know what his client's feelings on the subject might be, and had no objection to ask him, but in the, mean, time begged to remind the Court that this case arose out of one in which Mr. Hann- berger had already been charged before the bench with keeping a ferocious dog, found guilty, and punished with a fine of £3 and costs. Mr. Panton said his brother magistrate (Mr. Ranken) had agreed with him on a former occasion that they would give a verdict for the defendant, unless some new argument could be adduced to fix the liability upon the defendant. It was not for him to say how Mr. Haimberger. should act in view of the fact of his having been fined for keeping the dog, as the case had already been decided by the Bench, but if nothing had occurred beyond what had come before Man (Mr. Panton) in regard to the affair, he should have said that, without doubt Mr. Haimberger was bound in honor to make a fair recompense for the expenses to which plaintiff had been put by defendant's dog biting his son. As it stood, verdict for defendant. The other case, John A. Ford, the son, v. Haimberger was withdrawn in consequence of this decision. In two cases of M. Ford and H. Kilner v. M. O'Keefe, there was no appearance. In the case of the brothers Mahaffey, who had consented to the arbitration of Messrs. Kilner and Foote, the. award of the arbitrators was handed in to the bench and verdict given for" plaintiff, £4 5s. The original claim was £9 lGs. Shortly after, Colonel Gray, J.P., and Mr. Panton, being on the bench, the wife of James Abel applied to have the publicans prohibited from supplying her husband with liquor, as he stopped away from his work. The bench directed Inspector Quinn to lodge an information. I saw a paragraph in your issue of Thursday, hinting to farmers how to destroy thistles and nettles and I am reminded that the Bathurst burr is showing its head in various quarters, like a small party of Chinamen on a diggings, giving a slight but significant threat of a plague to come. I trust the corporation or the police, whosoever duty it is, will exert themselves to abate that nuisance." There was a meeting of the cavalry corps at the Commercial, on Wednesday. Captain Broughton undertook to pay the drill-sergeant £17 10s, advancing £8, 8s. of it, and subscribing £2 2s. Captain Broughton announced his having resigned his command, in consequence of his intention to leave the town, and that his resignation had been accepted. A vote of thanks was passed to him with an expression of regret. The meeting adjourned until Captain O'Connell's instructions as to the proper mode of appointing officers could be ascertained. i ' At the Municipal Council meeting on Thursday, present: the' Mayor, Aldermen Gorry, Pettigrew, Johnston, and Watkins, the following notices of motion were given Alderman Watkins to move-" That this council will cause the land granted by the government to the corporation for a-Town Hall and Depot, to be fenced in with a substantial lock paling fence, and a large pair of folding gates, of hardwood, and a tool house, for the safe custody of the tools belonging to the corporation." Alderman Pettigrew to move-" That it is the duty of aldermen regularly to attend to their duties, especially the weekly meetings, and this council consider it would be advisable to apply to the Governor to remit the fine for resignation or non-acceptance of office, as the interests of ratepayers suffer through non-attendance of aldermen." The first of these motions had been submitted before, and withdrawn, on account of the scarcity of funds. The business was almost all postponed to a special meeting, to be called for Monday. I may as well give the heads of it Tenders for a culvert at Little Ipswich ; the decision of the bench respecting the responsibility of nuisances; Mr. Cullen's statement about the Highland Home. ELECTORATE OF? WEST MORETON. - In consequence of an anticipated vacancy in the representation of this electorate, Messrs. R. J Smith and Francis North have commenced an active canvass. On dit that the former, with the view of removing one antagonist, has promised the latter the whole of his interest with the Ministry to procure him a Government appointment. Very pretty and direct bribery, this ! The electors had better beware, and refrain from pledging themselves until they see all the candidates in the field, unless they wish for the virtual disfranchisement of the elected rate North Australian. 