LORD PALMERSTON ON THE REFRESHMENT ROOM OF THE HOUSE. In the Metropolitan Gossip of the Liverpool Albion, we find the following racy passage: —Having got rid of a disagreeable neighbour, who, on entering the room, had closed the window, and stopped the current of fresh air, Pam coolly rises, and, lets in the external atmosphere ; at the same time ventilating his opinion of the fools some people make of themselves in trying to produce asphyxia by smothering. By this time his own tea is forthcoming and munching a French loaf with teeth— [his own not Cartwright's]— that would masticate the Atlantic cable, [if they eat his own words what would they not get through ?] he proceeds to absorb the decoction of the weed that cheers but not inebriates. Perhaps it requires milk—[nobody ever says cream in London, for the rather conclusive reason that there is none]— and perhaps the milk ewer has absconded, or somebody with it. In no way disconcerted, he doesn't call to the neat-handed Phyllis perambulating the apartment, but takes up his cup and saucer, walks to the end of the room, and turns the tap of the store can, just as Cincinnatus, or other Civis Romanus in his own Sabine dairy-farm might do, only that souchong, twankay, or orange pekoe wasn't exactly in vogue in the days of S.P.Q.R. Well, having put the milk in, he resumes his seat, and presently proceeds to fill out another cup. Lo, the water runs short ! Opening the lid of the pot he looks in perhaps thinking of Yeb the while; and swift as an arrow, meaning a lorcha, sails over to the fire-place, and from off the hob procures the scalding element, and returns cozily to conclude his meal. Now there's a picture for you, unthought of in Maclise's Spirit of Chivalry, and that would paralyze all the Pre-Raphaelitieswith the mere thought of pourtraying such a tableau vivant— Palmerston with a Britannia metal in one hand, a cambric pocket handkerchief [duty free, of course] in the other, and his mouth full of bread and butter ! Fancy Henry John Temple, Premier of England, Knight of the Garter, cousin of no end of Plantagenets, Elder Brother of the Trinity, stepfather to Lord Shaftesbury, heir-at-law to Leofric and Lady Govida of Coventry, and Guardian of the British Lion ; fancy this tremendous puissance, whom foreigners used to call "The Lord Preserve Us !" [they don't call him that now,] thus walking about a crowded room just as dexterously as if he were a steward on board a Cunard liner, coolly steering among legs and arms, pokers and tongs, waiting-maids, lords of the Treasury, and miscellaneous wild fowl, without spectacles, —not the fowl, but the fowler. Ghost of the Black Prince, shade of Hotspur, spirit of Cha- tham, and oh, body of the living Jenkins ! can this be possible ? Fact ! What will the gents and gentesses throughout the realms of snobdom say ? They'll never believe it; they can't, they won't ; they won't try ; it is too terrible to be true, as the gamblers say in the Young Duke, when they hear that his pigeoned grace is actually eating cold pie, off the sideboard, like an ordinary human being, it seeming incredible to the harpies that people of rank could ever experience so vulgar an emotion as hunger, or, if they did, could ever appease it except with something or other at five pound a mouthful. 