OUE LOKDON NElS-LETOilM. . . [From our owa ^Correspondent] : London, 'Wednesday, September 26, 1860. ? Jflnglisamen are now, more than .ever absorbed in foreign; and colonial affairs-^t he legitimate penalty, or privilege {from, which.- ever point of view we like to regard it), of liaving 'an empire on which the sun never sets.' 'Mow, that. Parliament has risen, our stock of home grievances to discuss is limited. Our backs have got used to the burden of the heavy income- tax; and the drenching rains are too incessant to be ia any sense a novel topic. . Politics are at the very lowest dfepount,, and. harvest operations will not suffice to fill the newspapers ; yet the recess thus tar has never been, less dulL '^'e are like the audience at a theatre before whom a succession of high wrought dramas are being enaefced in which they play the, part only of spectators. If we. want aa appalling tragedy^ -there are Jtho Syrian massacres reproduced in. all their ghastly features in the columns of the, Times. Craribaldi's exploits outdo melo-drama. .y.T(ie .Chuiese war is . an intricate plot, the unravelling' of which '.'-.none can ibresee; while the slruggie in New Zealand revives the good .oid time when along series of incredible blunders paved the way to a costly And useless triumph. ,,Who cares for noyels And , rpinances when . his daily., paper supplies from real ; life more of ; excitement, of heroism, of thrilling incidents, of vivid description,; than can^be found in works of fiction. ? . :. .. \- . The Emperor Napoleou,;has come down from bis perilous pre-eminence. He is no longer 'the observed of all obserjrers.' The Jong series of coups de theatre by which JEurppe was astonished, stupifiedj and finally1 aroused, ha? ceased. While he is .yisifcing Savoy,1 Nice, and Algerja, holding back the old -despotisms of Europe that Graribaldi, and Yictor Emmanuel may have. a clear stage, and' preaching from his own lips, and from those? of Persigny, the advent of the new era of peaceful development, we are engaged in watch ing the combinations forming against him, and in eal cidating beforenand the. net result- of the collective wisdom, that will next month' he represented under the three crowns gathered together at Warsaw. We have yet to learn what is to come out of the Hew com binations, of the high diplomacy of Europe. The Czar ; once more steps. do,wn Tipon the arena of European politics like a Deus ex macldna on behalf of old-feshioneu .despotism. He has; broken with France, some say because France would not consent to stem the revolutionary tide in Southern Italy. . He has forgiven Austria her 'immense ingratitude,' and comes forward, to -stop the threatened dismemberment of .her empire. , Will a new holy- alliance be con cocted in the capital of Poland? Will Prussia be guaranteed the antegrity of her territory, Austria en couraged to hold fest to Venetia, and to trample out the rising disaffectioii 'in Hungary ? Will the limits of Liberal concessions be fired bypthe three crowned heads iihat will -at Warsaw represent . the supreme authority of. one-half of Jaurope;? ; -Will the terms of a new coalition against Prance be -then decided, and the bait prepared that is to draw England into the new combination.? Such are. the speculations that the coming /Warsaw Congress have; already excited?1. The : prospect ?? :has already considerably . modified the tone of English journalism,, and it is remarkable, that the recent reported attempt, upon, the life of the Emperor Napoleon at ? Touloa — now- stated to .have. ..been .unfounded— -has. eKcited an expression of feeling here that indicates a marked, abatement .iu^ the ...fear of French aggression. ? : The present head of Imperial Erance- is now become a necessary part of tie European .system, is the. new creed of the Ttmer^'Se may. have dangerous schemes in his head, hut -his sagacity always interposes to prevent rash deeds and a varied experience of life, has taught him many truths which Kings /born in the people seldom learn at all.. Difficulties with this country have arisen under all his predecessors, but he makes it his . business to develope those interests and resources which are in the long run favourable to peace. . In. short, Louis Napoleon has made .himself necessary for. the -time, to France and. to Europe. 'If he has not established claims-.to our gratitude, he has Bucceeded in making, «s fear, his premature, death more than the continuance of his power.' - Tha abatement of French pretensions, and the altered posi tion of the Emperor, is seen. in the report that he has intimated his . ?willingness to make ? a trip to , Warsaw to renew his assurances of peace and . good-will, and -the still : more; emphatic disclaimer of any. desire to .obtain ., furjbher . !*,c material., guarantees' whatever maiy happen ia Italy. , Garibaldi is. enacting history with a rapidity that is .positively, startling. A single month -has snniced to enable bom with a mere handful of followers to conquer the kingdom of Naples, a European. State that can. boast of 12,000,000 population, an army of 100,000 meu, and afleet of SO or £0aail. It was on the 19th day of August that the Italian Liberator landed. ; ? .. .. ^ . . . .[ On^the^extrenie^sbuthern coast; of Calabria, with some ' 4,000' ,'of ' his. yoliuiteers ' advancing without delay . lippn Eeggio, .but 'there first encountered Neapolitan troops upon their own , soil. The town was takeaby a'cqup de'main ; the citadel .surrendered after- '.a., sharp attack. 'This encounter, in which although rip more' than 140 lives were sacrificed, decided, the .fete .of the kingdom of Naples. That great ' edifice of despotism which King Bomba had spent hisljife inconsolidating, fell, olown-. at the blast of ^ribaldTs #umpet.: : 'The.; easy Tictoiy. ;of Eeggio placed in his possession all the fpi-ts on the' shore of tiie Straits of Messina, and .thus enabled /his volunteers to land without hindrance ? front the \ coast of Sicily.. Thus reinforced, andjresolved to spare the efRision of bipod, _Quribaldi advanced against two divisions of the Hoyai army ? but instead of .'ofTerMg them battle, first outflanked, and then called upon them to sur render. Audacious demand, made in violation of the established rules' of war ! . But Garibaldi fights less with the sword than with his irresistible prestige. With a reserve of artillery and bayonets, ,he summons the Neapolitan 'legions somewhat after the fashion of the iklleu Archangel addressing his. disheartened followers':— ' JAiwakej arise, or be for ever' .'.fallen.'' 'His* call .is obeyed,' The Royal troops surrender ; and presently Garibaldi is in their midst, hugged and. overpowered', 'by the caresses of the soldiers, who but an hour 'before werjp in battle array against him, .and who'arp p^'w transported with joy at the permis sion gived tBem; to ' disband and go. to, then* homes. Thenceforward the Liberator advanced without a foe to cross hii .path: Thb defenders of the Bourbon dynasty dispe'rsed, suirendered, or retreated. On the 23rd ' of JLUgust ' Oaribaldi was -still at . Eeggio ; and on ''the 8th of' September ' he ? entered. Naples asa conqueror. Within that short fortnight he had overcome all sorts of difficulties, dispersed an arniy of 40,000, and sent into perpetual exue one of the ancientdynasties df Eiirope. . '''Such has been the progressive character of ' this ; Neapolitan campaign,' writes one of 'the. English correspon dents,' ' that1 ^Garibaldi' and his ' . officers walked through.-the first' stages; they rode as soon as they won saddle-horses ; took to ?private carriages when their chargers were knocked up ; . then hastened' their speea by posting, and finally ended their march by seal' ' The world has perhaps never witnessed so unique's spectacle as this Garibaldiari campaign. In his rapid advance tlie Liberator passed some 25,000 of the disbanded Bourbon army. ? At Salerno, Mr. Edwin James, MiP., obtained a brief interview with Garidaldi; during Ins short stay therei and- found the Liberator of Italy in- his Ted ? shirt, a ;-dirty pair of jean trousers,' and worn-out boots'; combing his long thin hair at the glass' in the little bedroom wliich was his hall 'of audience. ' ' Deputations of priests. and Franciscan 'monks -were crowding '.into his presence'.- Women' and children 'were thro whig flowers into the !rbbni, 'in- the -corner of which he sat in a rickety' old chair, unmoved and 'tranquil.' in a second interview, the honorable member thus reports his conversation with the' Liberator : — '? Sir,' said, he,- and a peculiar lighting up of his- countenance at once struck me, ' diplomatists doubt me. ' I shall be loyal ' to Victor Emmanuel. ' Hove him as my life. I have served him without an oath.: I shall imme diately do all hi my power to procure annexation to the King of Piedmont. But these things I must do in my own- manner.' ; ' ' ? \- Garibaldi entered Naples oh the 7th with a staff of 15 persons, who came by rail: from La Cava. His entry into the Neapolitan capital is thus 'described by One of the EngHsh Cdrrespondentfl Vr— . : ? . 'followed arid accorapanied by throe lines of carriagfe's he r west aloiig' the. ;'Marinella, ; through the Basso Porto, surrounded by thousands, and deafened by. their greetings,' up. the Lago Castello, and so on by' San Carlo and the Palace of the King, which Boyalty.'left only'a few hours' before, and entered the Palace of reception for 'Foreign '1?rinces. The'crowd waved backwards and forwards, and looked up to the windows and shouted for;the appparance'of Garibaldi. First came one red coat,' then.anotiier, and at last ihe hero'. . What' a cry: of * Viva' 'there 'rose 'from the vast ' mass ' below.!. When last that' balpony was occupied by a distiriguished personage it was by the G-rand.Duke of Tuscany, hut in aris'jver'tb'no calls, for .there were.onlya few' of those idlers whp always hang 'about the palaces of Princes'. ? It wjis imposBiblej to make himself heard amid the noise' arid confusion, and so Graribaldi leaht; over the ' irpn .. railing ' and gazed intently' .on the crowd. A wave of the' hand at' last masked.' for \s^nce,',but in. yain. ^' * Zittij Zitti!' ro'se'&om; all sides, and',' there 'vws' a 'perfect silence. *.Neapoh'ta)isj- said a voice ,a3jcip^r'as-a'bell,,and.with an enunciation so. distinct' that nothing could' fail to 'reacTi'rh'ee8Jv--':, ';_;?''?'''.?' '''''?'?' ' ' '' ' ' '~: ' This is'ai'oleinn, holy, arid memorable day. This, .day, .'from: being subjects under the. yoke of tyranny you have become aifree people. , I thank you in the name ofihe whole :of Italy. You have performed a great work, not only for Italy, but for all humanity, whose rights you have vindicated.; ?Hurrah for liberty '.' - so much dearer to Italy, inasmuch as she has suffered so much more than other nations; 'Long live Italy!'' - -:??'??? . ' * ?? The cry was taken up by the thousands assembled, and ' Viva Italia V might have been heard from one end of the city to' the other. There were curious spectacles to be witnessed in the crowd. There were inembsrs of a legion of Amazees to the number of 200, who, dressed in the Gtaribaldian uniform, had vowed to place themselves in front of the National G-uard and of -Craribaldi, in case the military had interfered. There were priests 'with tricoloured scarfs over their shoulders and banners in their hands, and bareheaded monks with muskets on thei£ shoulders. There were men and women with un-: sheathed swords' and daggers and swordsticks in their hands, which they brandished in all the drunk enness of enthusiasm. There were hundreds of laz- ! Zaroni armed with pikes, which had been provided! for the defence of the : barricades had the Bourbons '. driven the people to such extremes. Such were some tof.the scenes to be witnessed. ' ' '^Two days previoiisly,; Francis II., by the advice of his Ministers, ? had embarked on board ft Spanish vessel for Gaeta, the sea fortress on the aorth-west ?coast of that kingdom, whioh King1 Bomba had pre pared as a: strong place of refuge in case 6f need. Not a single ship of bis formidable navy would deign i;o_ escort the Royal outcast. Gn the day of Garibaldi's 'triumphant entry, the King of the Two' Sicilies was forgotten. One of the first acts of the Dictator of -Naples afforded pioof -.of his loyalty to Victor Emmanuel. The Neapolitan fleet was at once placed under the command of Admiral Peraano, of the Sardinian navy. Though Graribaldi was known to sympathise with the views of J^he Mazrinists, and is greatly guided by the counsels of Dr. Bertani, he chose his Ministers from the ranta of the moderate party,- and took measures for at once organising a government. A number of decrees have been issued liberating all political prisoners, removing Custom-house harriers between Naples and Sicily, estabusliing trial by Jury, and suppressing thfe order of the Jesuits. But the influence of Garibaldi's ex treme advisers is shown in the defiant spirit towards the Emperor of the French, that breathes in the proclamation announcing that the Liberator 'will annex' Naples to the kingdom of Piedmont on the Quirinal, at Bome:' ? Since the above was written, more evident symp toms have appeared of the differences between Garibaldi and the Sardinian Government, fomented 116 doubt by the extreme party which has gathered around him at Naples. He has proclaimed indeed the Sardinian statute as the law of the land for Naples ag well as Sicily, but he will not at present take any steps for annexing these conquered territories to the Crown of Victor Emmanuel. 'At Palermo,' he says, in a recent proclamation to the Sicilians, ' annexation was demanded, : that I might not pass the Straits ; at Naples it iB demanded,' that I may riot cross 'the . Vulturnus. But as long' as there are: chains to be broken in Italy, I will follow iny course or bury rriy bones there.' And he repeats, 'At Roine, people of Palermo, we will proclaim the king dom of Italy, and there only will be sanctifie'd the great family bond between free men and those' *ho are still slaves of the same country.' But the Liberator does not conceal his antagonism to Count* Gavour. - 'I will never reconcile 'myself with men who have humiliated the national dignity, and sold an Italian province,' he writes to a friend in a letter published in- the official journal. Garibaldi caririo!t forgive the cession of Nice, his birthplace, to 'thb French empire. But it is to he remembered; tiiat. these ebullitions took place before the decisive' events in the States of the:Church were known at Naples; The signal success of Garibaldi in Naples placed the Sardinian Government in a position of extreme embarrassment. While Garibaldi1 was on his way to the Neapolitan capital, Signor 'Parrini was sent to Chambery to congratulate the Emperor Napolieon on hip first visit to his new 'provinces of Savoy arid iNiee, and to present an autograph letter 'from his Sovereign, in which Victor Emmanuel declared- that it was impossible for him -any longer to resist the current of public feeling ia Italy, -and.' that he mast head it or be swept away by it.' What the reply of the Emperor was we- are net informed, but it may be easily gathered from subsequent events. The Sardinian ? Government at once' resolved ' to demand the disbanding of the Papal' mercenaries under General Lamoriciere. Before the envoy had reached Bomie, '50^000 Sardinian troops had crossed the frontier under Generals Cialdini'and Panati, and oceupied several of the towns of the Marches *Dd Uinbria. The first-named General thus addressed his troops In entering upon the ; short campaign ' ? I am leading you against a band of foreign adven turers, whom the thirst for gold ; and desire of pillage have brought into our country. Attack and disperse these miserable assassins without mercy? let your hand smite them' with the anger of a people ?which wishes its nationality and independence.' Whatever the military ? genius of Iismoricifere, he could do little ?with'- half-disciplined troops against so superiora forcej backed by an insurgent population. All the strongholds of the P.apaV Government fell one after another, including Perugia, the' scene of the bloody massacre last year ; and the^Swiss General Schmidt, who directed that- slaughter, was taken prisoner. Cialdihi's rapid advance cut \ off ijampriciere from his base- of operations. The French General resolved, therefore, to risk ia general engagement, and attacked the 'Sardinians with great fcry.al Castelfidardo, within a few miles of Ancona. After a desperate battle the Papal troops were routed, arid finally capitulated, -though the Sardinians lost 1,000 men in the encounter. '? Lainbriciere' escaped into Ancona, which is now besieged Iby s'eaJ and. land. Outside of that city -there .is not a ' single Pontifical battelion. ' ' ' ? -:; '?'-? '-?'? — ,-j... .??-. With the loss of his array, the temporal sove reignly of the Pope- virtually comes to an end. . Hi is sTall in Sopie, but is upheld there only by French bayonets1— a prisoner m the hands of General Goyon. His_ appeals to the Catholic PoWers will, be of no avail. Austria, if -willing, cannot aid him ; France will refuse to' interfere on his behalf, beyond retaining possession of the Eternal City. Sooner or later it is probable he will seek safety in flight. . If he cannot be prevailed 'upon' to re-occupy 'the Papal palace at Avignon on TFrench territory, which is being refitted in case of need, he will probably go to Spahi.' Such a termination of his troubles will be generally accept able. The Emperor Napoleon wul. no longer require to garrison Some, and will thus be able to throw up an embarrassing and 'costly responsibility ; and Gari baldi, may- be able to carry but his intention Of prd claimirig the kingdom of Italy on the Q.uirinaL : One episode of this short campaign is top unique to be passed over. The greater part of the Irish Brigade, 600 men, garrisoned atSpoleto, aposition far removed from Lamoriciere's . head quarters, deprived of all support, and in the face of an overwhelming force, they had no other, alternative than to-;- surrender themselves prisoners .of war without striking a blow;. This event has called .forth an article of derisive ridicule from^the leading journal, provoked, if not justified, by the gasconade of the Irish supporters of the Papacy. .The prisoners have all been released and allowed to return home. 'Thus' says the CorklMeporter (an old organ of the Roman Catholics) i' fades away the day-dream of many an ardent youth;; thus end in despondency the aspirations of, many a gallant but misguided spirit. We canuot but lament that courage, faith, and self-sacrifice have met such .a fate ; but neither can wo regret, that the events which have consigned ? those Irish soldiers to captivity have made them powerless to strike again in a conflict in which- they .should never have- taken part. At the best they ; were not . in. a position to know with certainty that they engaged on the right side in the struggle; at the worst they might havs plodgad themselves to lay down then- lives for 'the maintenance of a system pf despotism, against which every goncrpus spirit and manly nature would have re volted.' ' . . . ? : The remarks of the Eoman Catholic journal upon the . probable end . of the temporal power of the head of the Church are instructive, considering the quarter whence they emanated.:1— :.?'.?: '?-...'??'.' 'It-is a fact of no ordinary significance that while the'temporal power of the Pope seems passing' away from him ' with unexampled rapidity, !and when j ?reports are rife of His Hollness's intention' to with draw even from Borne itself, disbanding Ins army, and leaVirig every thing, to the mercy of his assailants, we have as yet no evidence that Catholic Christendom is in any great: dismay, because of what has occurred for what is ^supposed to be imminent. What is -the significance of this' fact ?r Not certainly that' the Catholic world is indifferent to the- dearest interests of the religion it professes ; but simply that sit 'sees nothing to. he very much concerned about in the ab straction ' of temporal dominion from : its ' spiritual head. Were it otherwise, did the Catholic population of Continental Europe hold the strange belief that their religion needed the stay of territorial dominion for its security, long before now we should have seen the Pope at theliestd of forces which would render .aggression on his States altogether hopeless. ^Bnttlie idea is' no where- entertained,- execpt by those ^ whose fanaticism or extreme -religious fervour blinds them to the plainest truths of history. ; ;Its pages show to any reflecting man,1 what there is far higher historic testi mony for, that the Church of Christ is wholly inde pendent of human institutions, and that it can be. shaken by nons of the storms which annihilate -dynasties and overwhelm thrones. Assuredly, it does^ inot -need for its sustainmerit the' preservation of'.desv potic rule and the trampling down of civil . liberty. Where such ruleihas been abrogated, where such liberty has been found, the lamp of faith has ever shone outmost clearly^ And if we live ? to see the social and political regeneration of Italy we shall.. wit- ness .with it, beyond any doubt, its religious ,and moral regeneration .too.' . ?';,'-.;: ;*? 1860' will be known, so far as this country is concerned, as the sunless year. So little. have we seen of the glorious orb of day that.it is wonderful how the crops have ripened at all. - However, since I last wrote we have had nearly three weeks of fine dry weather, though Tfith rery little sun, that came just in time to prevent an utter failure of the harvest. Our. farmers made the most of the fortunate change, and a great part of . the wheat crop south of the Tweed has been carried in good., condition. For the last week, however, the rain has returned with the westerly winds, and must have caused great damage to the outstanding eropB. In. Ireland it is feared the potatoes are seriously damaged; but such have been the social changes that have taken place there during the last few,years, that there isaio fear of a famine following- upon a failure of the potato, e crops. Con tinual emigration to the States has eo thinned the -pptilatioii that there 43 no- saperabptidance . of labor in -the sister island.: With.the large importations that are,coming from across the Atlantic — the harvest in the Western States of the Union and. in. Canada having been ;enormous.-rthere is np fear of famine prices,, even if we have,' as is likely, a defective crop at home. Bat according to trustworthy opinion (he comuig winter will be a trying time for our commer cial classes. . . : Our daily papers, or rather the Times, is filled with descriptions of the Prince of Wales's tour in Canada — one of the best of the Vown correspondent's of the leading journal' being attached to the suite of His Boyal Highness. This interesting writer has told the British public more of the condition and resources of our North American colonies than all the books that .have been published on. the subject, and. there can be little doubt that the information he has given of their capabilities will turn the tide of emigration strongly in the direction of the Canadas. The Prince has been most unfortunate in the weather since his arrival in Canada. All along the route intermittent rain has marred the effect of the preparations made for his reception, though it has but little damped the enthusiasm: of the Canadians. The further he pene trates, the country, the more popular does he become. Leaving all State affairs in the hands of the Duke of Newcastle, the Prince enters heartily into the enjoy ment pf his trip. His urbanity,and his love of dancing, and his fearlessness have turned the heads of the fair sex.,; At the public balls he takes part in every dance. .-He went -down-! the -rapids of ,the Saguiney hi a canoe; 'did.' , the . more, formidable rapids of the St. Lawrence in a small steamer ; went down ' a timber shoot' on the Ottawa with the lumberers; and, .hi fact, seems to have entered heartily into every adventure. At Montreal he laid the last stone, and clinched the last rivet of the Victoria Bridge, which is five times longer than any other bridge in the world. At OttaVya he laid the foundation-stone of the new .Parliament House. This out-of-the-way town has been chosen, as the future seat of Government for the United Canadas by the fiat of the Home Govern .meut; but euch is the general dissatisfaction at the choice that the decision will probably be reversed, and Montreal fixed upon as the capital. The prepara tions- made in the .last named city illustrated (ks magnificence and zeal of the Canadians: A pavilion capable of holding some 4,000 persons was erected specially for the public ball given in honor of the Prince, and some 'sixty acres of land were laid out in walks, with shrubs.ahd illuminations for that even ing's, enjoyment. It was a scene worthy, of Harounel B/eschid. At Kingston, which also was once fixed upon as .the capital of Canada, occurred the only serioas annoyance that has marked the Prince's progress.. In this and the neighbouring country, a3 far as .Toronto, party spirit runs high. It is the border land of -the Catholics of the lower, and the Protestants . of the upper province. Here Orangeism flourishes, in all its rankness. The rumour that the Prince was to be received in Toronto with an Orange demonstration elicited from .the Duke of Newcastle a public letter that his Boyal Highness could not give countenance to any such party, displays. This remon strance, however, was set at nought by the factious : Orangemen of Kingston. The story is thus told: — When the Prince, with his suite, arrived at Kingston, they found an arch covered with Orange decorations, and several hundred Orangemen wearing the ensigns of their order, and having numerous flags and a band. The Mayor of Kingston and several of the citizens waited on the J)uke of Newcastle on board the steamer, and were informed by him that this party display .was one which the Prince could not countenance ; that it was in accordance neither with the spirit in which he visited Canada, nor with that in which he had been invited ; that his Boyal High ness had crossed the ocean to visit the colony on the special invitation of the whole people, without dis tinction; of .creed ;or , party; and that he therefore could not approve, of his visit being made the occa sion of insult to any of Her Majesty's subjects. They were further told that the Prince would be glad to see the Orangemen, but they were asked to abstain from the symbols of their party organization'; and, finally, they were informed that their persistence in a course which muBt necessarily be offensive to their fellow-citizens would prevent the Prince from accept ing the hospitality of their city. The Orangemen were .'firm,' their, motto was ' No surrender;' if the Prince would, not give them an opportunity of annoying their neighbors he was not a Prinqe for them. If he came, .they were resolved to 'honor his Boyal Highness by then- presence,' as their reso lution expressed it ; if not, he might go. ' For four and twenty hours the Prince, who allowed them that time for reconsideration, was. kept cruising up and down their bay, or taking shelter from the rising wind under the lee of one of the islands, and at length -they had the satisfaction pf seeing him steam away. The ill-mannered fanatics vowed that they would follow the. Prince wherever he- went. On. his arrival at Belleville, they were on 'the landing ready to obtrude, their, offensive party badges upon the '. -royal party. Tlie steamer's head was turned, away to . Cohurg. Here also the Orange attempted to follow; but ''by... a curious coin cidence' the train that conveyed them was an hour and a-half too late, so. that the. reception was . accom plished before their arrival, .. 'This insulting behaviour disgusted even their own friends. When the Prince reached Toronto he found tliat the proposed Orange procession had been abandoned, and he was received with a magnificence and enthusiasm scarcely equalled. By- the last accounts he had reached Niagara, where he was to remain some days. .There can' be.no doubt that the Prince will be received with the greatest cordiality in the United States. - There the excitement of the struggle for the Presidential election, is fast -rising. The issue. is .very doubtful. At present the chances are in favor of Mr. Lincoln, the Republican candidate, who is at the head of a united party, aud represents the free soil principle, or no extension of slavery. Mr. Breckenridge is the regular Democratic candidate, and carries with turn nearly all the southern States. He is in favor of slavery extension, and the right of Americans to carry then- slaves into, any part of the Union. :. Mr. Senator Douglas, the Independent Democratic candidate, takes a medium course. He would recognise .the right of Territories to decide the slavery question for ? themselves before they are ad mitted as .States. . Mr. Bell, who does not stand the ghost. of, a chance, simply unfurls the banner of Union,' The: contest is likely to be more exciting than that of 1856, when Fremont ran his antagonist, Buchanan, so close. The battle- field is virtually narrowed to the great States of New York and Penn sylvania.. If Lincoln cannot carry these, his pros spects are doubtful. Even if he does, it is feared that tlie influence and intrigues of the Democrats will bafoVhim, and manage to throw the election into the hands of the House of Representatives, where they would probably secure a majority. It seems to. be expected that /before the decisive struggle ensues, Douglas- will withdraw, and leave his rival, Brecken ridge, at the head of the united Democratic party. Autumn is the season of agricultural meetings, when our aristocracy, and M.P.'s discourse' on the questions of the day, and. '.the value of labor and land.' But this'year volunteer meetings throw agri culture -into the shade. ' Our gentry have thoroughly taken up with the new, fashion. The papers daily chronicle the doings of our volunteers. Sometimes it is the, presentation of a silver bugle by tlie fair, sex ; at another, a country review; then a dinner given by some local magnate; and again district meetings for 'ball practice',: competition y for prizes, or thorough drill. The movement; is taking deep root of the national sympathies, and still extending. AtKnowsley Park, the .princely seat of the Earl of Derby, three weeks, ago,- some 12,000 of the volunteers of Lan cashire were reviewed and entertained, and 100,000 persons flocked to behold the scene. Our 150,000 volunteers are the topic of every public dinner and gathering. The zeal with which Englishmen have entered into the movement, the rapid progress, and soldierly bearing of the volunteer's, and their efficiency ihave excited the wonder not only of foreigners here, but of all E(irope. The lnbril effect on the Continent of tins revival of martial spirit in 'the nation of shopkeepers'. Ka3 been immense. England never occupied so lofty a position in the estimation of other countries'.,' . ' '?'''.' Volunteering is notj however, the only outlet of Anglo-Saxon energy' 'and pluck. The rising of Par-' liamentj^nd thecloseof the session, released thousands iff orri their brdinury .toil to enjoy the excitement of continental travel. -rThe Alps, are becoming more and.^niore :, the centre of attraction to adventurous tourists. ' A walking tour in Switzerland is now the fashion. Within the last two years there has arisen out of this rage for scaling high mountains the Alpine Club, which has taken a high place amongst our insti tutions, -ilts members have ascended every consi derable 'peak of the Alps, except the Matterhorn, the difficulties pf which are too great for even JEnglish enterprise.' Two serious accidents that 'have lately occurred illustrate the dangers of. these Alpine feats. Xiast month one of three English tourists, in attempt ing to cross the Col du Geant at Mont Blanc slipped in the snow, iind. dragged, his companions, who were tied to liim, over, a frightful precipice. They were all killed. The two guides,' who were at the end of the rope, let go and saved themselves. In the other case the Eev. W.KJ. Watson, chaplain of Gray's Inn, in crossing a glacier pass in the Tyrol, fell down a fissure in the glacier, covered with snow, to a depth' of 90 feet, and was killed. A friend who was with him escaped by throwing himself on his face. These melancholy accidents have been much discussed in the daily papers, and rather hard measure has been, dealt out to the Swiss guides who accompany these perilous expeditions. . . „ The. last ne.ws from New Zealand has occasioned much indignant' comment from our daily journals, especially as to, the gross 'incompetence of Colonel Gold. I see, also, that there is forming in Manchester, under influential auspices, a ' cotton, company with a capital of £100,000. They propose to establish a * model farm in the East Indies, for the cultivation of superior cotton for coarse spinning ; and another model 'farm in Australia, where all cottons of ihe Brazil, Egyptian, and. Sea Island qualities, could be produced.. It is believed that in the East Indies and in Australia the Government' will render every pos sible facility which can contribute to the success of the great object of the company. It is understood that Queensland will be the scene of this new experi ment in cotton-growing. The wandering tendencies of our Eoyal family are enough to raise the ghost of good King George TIT, who never travelled out of his own dominions. While the Prince of Wales is in Canada his younger brother, Prince Alfred, has, as we learn, reached the * Cape of Good Hope, where he has received an enthusiastic reception from English, Dutch, Malayr, Basutoes, and Kaffirs, and was about visiting' the great chief Moshesh, Who has been a friend of English rule and missionary labors. On Saturday Queen Victoria, accompanied by Prince Albert and the Princess Alice, left by steamer for Antwerp on her way to Coburg, to visit her consort relatives, and to visit the Princess Frederick William. Lord' John Russell accompanied the Eoyal party. We learn from Syria that Fuad Pacha is enacting summary retribution at Damascus for the horrible massacres. Hundreds have been hanged or shot, including Ahmed Pacha, late Governor-General of the Province, and a Nuchir of the Turkish Empire. These severe measures had struck terror into the hearts of the Moslem population. Fuad's next task will be to bring to justice the guilty Druse chiefe — no easy task in so mountainous a country. The French troops remain at Beyrout, and are not likely to stay so long as Fuad Pacha fulfils his unpleasant task. There is a strong feeling in favor of placing tho Government of Syria in the energetic hands of Abd-el-Kader. The Times correspondent' gives fearful pictures of the scenes of desolation and misery he has witnessed. It is creditable to British liberality' that more than £13,000 has been raised here to relieve the fearful distress of the Christians who have been ruined by the massacres. The month's obituary records great losses. Sir Henry Ward, the able Governor of Ceylon, had scarcely entered upon his yet higher sphere at Madras, as successor to Sir C. Trevelyan, than, he was carried off by cholera. Sir Henry was un doubtedly one of our ablest administrators. A fews days after followed Mr. Wilson, the Indian Chancellor of the Exchequer, who fell a victim to his laborious exertions in carrying out his new taxation for our Eastern Empire, and whose respon sible post cannot easily be filled. I remember the time when Mr. Ward was editor of a weekly paper hi London, the Weekly Chronicle-J and when' Mr. Wilson abandoned the business of a hatter in the borough to start the Economist newspaper. They were both self-made .men, an honor to the profession through which they rose to eminence. Mr. Locke,. M.P. for Honiton, the celebrated railway engineer, and coadjutor of Stephenson, has also been taken from us in the prime of life. And lastly, the country has been shocked to hear of the untimely death of Mr. Herbert Ingram, M.P., another self-made man, who was the founder and proprietor of the Illustrated London _WeH»— the greatest historical journal in the world. The hon. gentleman was on board the ill fated Lady Elgin, which sunk with some 300 passen gers in the Michigan Lake in consequence of being run into by a schooner. He had only a few days before been witnessing the fetes at Montreal in honor of the Prince of Wales. Postscript. — The tone of an article in yesterday's Constitutionnel, signed M. Boniface, and believed to be inspired by the Emperor, indicate that the Pope is to be left to his fete. It is said that despatches have just been received from Bome to the effect that unless within- a very short .tune — some say a week — the Emperor takes measures to drive the Piedmontese troops out of the Marches and the Umbria, and to restore the Pope to the possession of his dominions in their integrity the Pope will leave Rome and place his person under the protection of some other power. The articlesigned ' Boniface ' intimates a categorical refusal on the part of France to comply with this exigency. 