A YANKEE ADVOCATE. T BE following plea of a spread-eagle lawyer needs no comment:-'Gentlemen of the jury-The Scripture saith, 'Thou shalt not kill!' Now if you hang my client you transgress the command as slick as greese, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, mur der is murder whether committed by twelve jurymen 01 an humble individual like my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why yoti should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen; you may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hang man may do his duty, but that will not exonerate you! No such thing. In that you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Gain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freeman-who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I abjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I abjure you for the love you have for the seculent and continental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder ! I abjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated eonntry! I abjure you by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you-if you ever expect to wear boots made out of the Rocky Mountain buffalo- and to Bum up all, if you ever expect to be any thing but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, branded, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit my client and save your country.' Gentlemen, I will pledge my word, not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, .gentlemen, your pockets are oderi ferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful con science, but hang my unfortunate client and the scaley alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gody goblins of despair. The prisoner was ca quitted - Ontario Times. 