LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ' TUKSOAT. . ' . TBE FrBAKEB took the ob-r at twenty-elfbt minâtes cfur three o'clock. I ' RETURNS 'Mr! B0BHRT8ON laid upon tbe table eerUm metro- politan police returns, In accordance) with addresses moved for by Kr Windeyer. TRI3A8ÜBT BJ50RIPT8 , Mr! PIDDINGTON asked the Colonial Treasurer: " 1. What '* the total amount received tn the (Treasury from the 1st of Jan-try to the 3lst of May, I860, exclusive of the proce«ds of lotus, or advances on soot .mt of loans, and of all lodgment aooounts, and receipt« from Church and School] lands? a What it the amount received lu the Treasury fiotn tbe 1st January to the Stitt of May, I860, on au* mt of tatet of publlo land î S What it the turn estimated by the Colonial Tre-raret to be receivable wubin ¡the prêtent jear on account of tales of pabilo lsnd Î-I Mr. WBBK-8, ia reply, ttatod that the total «mont received into the Treasury from the 1st Jenmryte the Sltt May, 1860 exclusive cr the proceeds of loans, of ad- vances on account of loans, of lodgtaent accounts, «ni of receipt* from Church and School land*,-wa* £440,867 9a. 4di The amounts received into the Truasory on eeeount; of stlet of publlo landa dorinr the .moVroM'itweed month« were as follow - January, £6550 3a. »1; Pebrnary, X88S40S. lOd , Ma-eh. £4953 19s 51.; April, £10,581 19s. 6d,, May, £19,909 19s. «d . total, £50,819 19*. Id The sum estimated to oe receivable during ti» year frotr sale of lands wat £275,000. NATIONAL SCHOOL-. Mr. LUCAS asked the Premier, "1, If the routine of secular Instruction, and 'the efficiency .expected lu beor vested schools. It the rame ea In. vetted National tobuolt ; and if not, where!« they d ffer ? S Whether th« teaeber* tinon-testalewbools aro paid two pound* per month lett thtn thoteorthe- irmy'clst^floatlon appointed to Tatted National ttWt ! and if so, for what retfonji « Mr ROBERTSON, In reply, MU _e did no1 know whether the boo. r-£uoerlN- aware of the siroumttanoa thst the Government had not üiuoh oontral over the Na tlosal School Board, and that »nant wer to these questions wotld be that of the .board themselves He held in hi» hacds a letter from Mr. Wills, secretary to the board, who In accordance with the request, furnished the following answer« -"1 The routine and efrlelenoy were expected to be the jama a The teachers of non-vested aohooli are rnid two poands per month leas than those of tho same cUtslfioation appointed to vested National school», because the aid given to them was regarded in the light of assUtance eply. The beard had had it under considera- tion to equalise these salarle«, bat they were restrained (rom doing so on account of the limited means placed at their diipoial," ¡ ERROR IN SALE OP LAND AT WATTLE FLAT Mr .EGAN naked the Secretary for Land. Whether the Government has arrived at any decision with respect lo certain land at Wattle Flat, at one time in the occupa- tion of Mr. Joseph Walford, which was nnlntentlonally .old to another perton, with the valuable Improvement» thereon, if so, what I» the nature of the decision ? Mr ROBBRTdOa said he was obliged to confess that «onie irregularity had occurred in reference to this matter. Some months ago he had came to the conclusion that the Government ought to take the opinion of the Crown Law Officers aa to whether they could recover the land from the person who hart bought it. He had carne to that deoiBlon «eten or eight months ago, but tho matter bad Btooi over until to day, when he gave Instruction» that it shou d be put into the hands ot the Crown Law Officers TOWN COMMON AT ALBURY. Mr. ASHBB asked the Secretary for (Lands, with reference to a petition presetted to this Assembly, from the Mayor and Aldermen of Albury, praying that a Town Common, adequate to the requirements of the municipality of Albury, may be speedily granted to tbca,- whether it is the intention of the Government to comply with tne prayer of the petitioners ? Mr ROBERTSON, in reply, staled that, if he deoldod on this matter, he would be settling a wide question indeed The Legislature bad p-issed a law providing for- the creation of municipalities, bnt the Legislature had not d°tormined as to what lands should be granted to municipalities. Nor would tho Go- vernment be right in giving a deoisian in any case until the Legislature had expressed its opinion LEPROSY AMONG CHINESE Mr. WILSON being about to give notice of a question as to whether the Government were aware of the breaking out of leprosy among the Chinese at Major's Creek, Mr. ROBERTSON at once stated in reply that the Commissioner in charge of that gold field had communi- cated this circumstance to the Government, and asked for authority to have the opinions of four medical gentlemen upon the natare of the disease. Instructions were sent back by the next mail for the Commtaioner to take what- ever steps he thought necessary to check the spread of the disease, if on inquiry it should be found to be leprosy. The board was to be composed of duly qualified surgeons. INDEMNItr BILL The Order of the Day being read for the con- sideration of the Legislative Council'« amendment in the Indemnity Bill, Mr. DARVALL rose to move the contingent motion of whloh he had givon notice, that the fifty-third SUuding Order be suspended, with a view to the consideration of these amendment» with the Sneaker in the chair, and not in a Committee of the whole House, when Sir DANIEL COOPER rose to object to this motion. He fomd by referring to the business paper of Thursday last that on the motion of the hon and learned member for the Hawkesbury the consideration of Council's amend- ment« wi« ordered to toke precedence of other business He objected, therefore, against this contingent motion taking preceden je or the order of the House The one business was before, the Honse and ordered to take prece- dence. He objected to this tampering with motions on the piper. If tho hon member chose to take the motion in full House on the Order of tho Day being oalled he could raise tho dabtte, hut he did net see bow ho oould move an amendment on hi» own motion Mr. DARVALL folt surprised that this objection should have been tahen by the bon. member for Padiington He did not wwh to tamper with any order of tho'House, and lie did not think the hon mem- ber had well weighed hi» word«, or he would not have used the expression Ha only asked them for the nonce to adopt the practice of Parliament He had placed tbi» motion that the consideration of this question be taken while the Speaker wa» in the chair-not to tamper with the order, bnt to »void prolix'tv in debate. The SPEAKER oalled the attention of the House to the fact that. If the hon. and learned member pressed his motion, it would only frustrate hi» own objeot. Sir DANIEL COOPER objected at all time» to the »utpeniien of the Standing Order» He thought it at all times a most dangerous practice, and he should always throw levery objection In the w»y of It In his power He bad his right to speak wiien he liked, either In the fall House er ia committee, and he would cot oonsent to re llnquUb bl« rights, and be diotated to whea be should speak. He would speak in the Honse when he liked, and in oommlttee also when he liked, and as often aa he liked If the Standing Order which gave this right was a bad one, let the hon. and learned member take stepi to haye It W,Mr.e PIDDINGTON As far «a the House could. It had given precedence to the Or er of the Day, hat he did not tee what objootloa there waa to «hi« preliminary motion Bat the bon member far Pad lia gton agreed that this motion would have no practical etleot He would uphold the Standing Order» a» staunchly as any one, but their first Standing Order wa» that they «tumid adopt the practica of Parlia- ment In all ease» where it wa« applicable. Then the 13rd Standing Order to «oma extent modified the first, but all they were asked to do cow was to follow the practice of Parliament. (The hon member proceeded to quote several oases to show that the invariable practice or the House wa» to consider any amendments of the Hoase of Lord» in a fall Honse He also quoted from " May," which wa» their only authority as to the practice of Par- liament) jeir D. COOPER The hon member had not »aid one ward to meet hi« objection. His objection was, that the H mee had made aa order, and the qaeition was whether hon. pember« would obey it or not. If they set a bad example ty not obeylnfc their own 'orders, how were they to expect that other» would obey them ? Mr. DARVALL Then ^contingent notioe of motion could never be given. Mr FOR8TER The objection taken by the bon mem- ber for Paddington had evidently aot been r>p(rreolat_d by the hon member for Hawkesbury (Mr.Piddington) The hen. member had objeoted that the House had made an order that a certain question »hould haye precedence, and yet, notwithstanding that, hon. member» fonad now that anoïiér motion _ad preeMc-oe, a motion whloh waa SOD ctautialry a difforAnt on« from t»*t ordered to be consi- dered, and one that could not be pntaa an amendment, be cante It would get rid of the original question. Though it ' might not. perhaps, be expedient to press the objootion, yet he süij thought Jbat attention ought to toe called to any point Of form that bbn. members might oonoeWe to be objectionable-" J . Mr. GORDON «aid It had been distinctly understood on thnltstsltting day that this matter was to take pre- cedence, and he would ask how It was passible this oonld be thooto if thi» amendment were to t%ke first place As to lu bniD¿ the invariable custom of the House of Common» to consider amendments made la a bill by the Lord« in the whole House, and not in committee, he begged to toke exemption to any «noli statement, for, even by the bon. member's own showing, In the passages he had quoted, it »hówed that the House. ' according to order," proceeded to the cotulderatio», evidently showing that the House bad, in those oases, ordered the amendments to he sooonaioered Mr. ARNOLD Even supposing the objection to be ?obttanti-My correct, It would not bo fatal to the conree proposed to be taken by the bon member for Hawkes bery. He entirely agreed with the hoa. member for Pad- dington, hat even though his view wat entertained by the Howe, it wonld not deter" the hon. member for Hawkes- bury (Mr. Darvall) from making his motion without astioe, even without giving any notioe »t al- Thus, if this motton weretaken off the paper, It wonld be compe- tent fw the bon. member to oorae Ia and Snore without notice toe motion of which notioe had b*3_ given» and the Hen»» Aid already1 had >n example, whan the hen iMBrb« for Paddington was la the ohalr, of such a eodne having been rrnwaed. He believed hlmtelf that such a ooiaw of procedure mi justifiable by neoewity only, and tien it wa» for the Honse to decide whether such a r»o»i»itylr_dari»eTi In the present o»«e. He would, bow ever. sng|r-tt t*~t »he-Tegalarity pbloted out »hould be eoo-hMretf a good re- soú for withdrawing the motion, aud it mold the* be in the powe- cf the bon. member to take the debate o» the main question on the motion for going Wt<> committee. ' ' Mr. PIDDINGTON If hon. members wonld »«tent to the proposai that the debate »hoald be taken in the Honse on the raotijn for going into ooramittoe, the point of order need aot be duwoMed. Sir D. COOPER pointed ont that li was net an In vttWarr-e for the Commons to consider amendment» mid« by the Lord«, in the Honse, for there were many oaaW when a different ooaree wes pursued. Mr DARVALL" thought that perhaps it wonld save tia. If he pursued the coarse that seemed to have found favour with hoa. member* opposite, bat at the »ame time he «hoald Uko to have the ruling of the Speaker. Tue SPEAKER did not regard the point «* «nah a very dlffUmlt one Mjfome hon members seemed to ooniider it The H >nw had in effect, ou Friday lett, ordered that these .uwudmente of the Legislative Council should be con- sidered in the whole House, and the ordar was so worded, then the contingent notice of motten came In, and moved th»au«penston of the «Undlig orders, to make them In aooerdiMioe with the order then nude. By this notice the hon. member evidently detired that the House, in the nrneeediags it waa taking, should obey its own order, and payretpect to'ita own rifle«. Hews» oíopinlsn that the motion could be put.J .. ; . Mr. DARVALL said he wes willing that his contingent aotfeaof notion should be withdrawn, on the understand ia* that the débet, on the principle of these amendments mid on the riiht'óf the Council la making tbeto, should rake rJ»t* on the motton lor going into oommlttee. If any desire w_in¿we_tertal_e_ by the Honte to retreat from that nUnndsrsta-dlng, Le would withdraw his pro* | txwHioa to to*« Wit this contingent motion, and leave the i Su^tb thi deolsWn W the Chair. Sir D COOPER «aid he «hould object to any propon* ' tion which wonld shut ont discussion of the meMure at any stage. If he voluntarily hold his tongue, he wonld do so : bet ho would not surrender his right to spoak as often as hecheee.1 i i -v Mr-DARVALL disolalmed any wish to "shut up» Ms hon friend, at the operation had been technically de- scribed, though the hon. member might possibly have used more elegant and parliamentary language. The hon. member only made hit appearance here once every two or three montht, but when he did como he claimed not to be " thut up." (Laughter. Sir D. COOPER « The more reason why I ahoutd tpeak when I do come ") He only desired that the disouithm on this matter should be short and decisive, and that there should be a fair battle- ground on whloh to determine the whole principle. If the House thought the Legislative Connell had overstepped the power they possessed, they wonld decline to go Into committee upon these amendments. If we crossed that difficulty and went Into oommlttee, it should be upon the understanding that there should be no further debate upon the matter, and that we should not go into committee again to debate by the hour, the day, or the week, these various amend- ments, but that we should proceed to pats them at once. It would save a great de*l of delay to acquiesce in that ar- rangement. He would like to know the intentions of the Government on the point. Mr. ROBERTSON said it seemed to him that with thlt bill, as with all other bills, those who were opposed to It wonld fight It wherever they met It. It waa so with the Land Bill. After that bill was read a second time, two years ago, the prin- ciple of the bill was adopted, but certain bon gentlemon finding they could not obtain what they wanted In it, took the first opportunity to pitch It out. He wonld nive hen. members fair warning that be would vote to pitch this bill ont. (Hear, hear, and laughter ) The 8PKAKBR said It would be convenient for him to give his decision on tne point adverted to. The Order of the Day, giving precedence to the consideration in com- mittee of the Legislative Counoil's amendments on the Indemnity Bill had, no doubt, been oomplied witb, but no acquiesce nt nil, on tbe part of the Houso wonld, have the elleofc of suspending the Standing Order, which stated thut all questions of this kind should take place In a committee of tho whole Whatever the present deolsion of the House, the inevitable result must be their going into com- mittee, and, when in committee, no arrangement made now could prevent any hon. member from speaking as often as he liked. Mr FORSTER would leave It to those who were accus- tomed to the elegant phraseology of tho non. gentleman (Mr Robertson) to understand what he meant by " pitch- ing in "and "pltohlng ont" the bill. But the bon. and learned member for the Hawkesbnrv had clearly shown that there was no necessity fordoing that which be wished the House to do ; as he had proved that it would be impossible I for tbia House to uudei take to consider the question whether we should go into committee or not, without considering the whole course which the Legislative Connell bad I adopted. If any oojectioii suould bs taken bj th« House to tim course taken by the Legislative Counoll, that would be tho princpsl issue we should have to discuss. If, however, objections shonld be taken te certtln portions of tbe amendments only, he presumed that bon. members would soHrcely object to improvements being made In them m oommlttee He wonld recommend the bon. and learned member to withdraw hit contingent propo- sition Sir D. COOPER said, in référence to the remark of the bon. and learned member (Mr Darvall), thit he had not spoken of his being "shut up," but of the debate being shnt out. Mr. DARVALL b'gged to apologise for the mistake, which he attributed to his indifferent sense of hearing. (Laughter.) Sir D. COOPER did not think the snspansion of the Standing Orders would give the power desired by the hon and lear/ned member, and proceeded to nuoto from May's Practice to show that certain roles and mdors, being agreed to by either House of Parliament, were binding until superseded by others, and that although a bill might pasa rapidly through all Its stages by the suspension of the Standing Orders, tho several stages themselves were not suspended, no again maintained his rieht to discuss the bill at every one of Its Btages, though what ho had to say would be a wry few words. He thought the forms of the House ought to toko thoir couise. The motion was then withdrawn. Mr. DARVALU then moved til it the Speaker leave the chair, and that the House resolve itself into a committee of tbe w hole, to consider the amendments of the Legis- lative Council in tbe Indemnity Bill Re observed that ho had not undertaken this dnty without giving it the best consideration he -was ablo, and certainly not without feeling the crave importance of the matter They had now to diBcuss a~suliject whloh he bopod would command the most serious attention of the House, and receive a dispas- sionate support. The whole introductory debate bad led only to one result, and tbat hod been the uncompromising hostility announced by the bon. Premier to the power asserted by the Counoll to make these amendments. ( Hw, hear ) He conceived that the present debate would vlr'nally determine whether these amendments were to be substantially adopted, because If they consented to go into committee It wonld be to adopt them. (Hear, bear.) The bon. Premier had thrown down the gauntlet before he hid even heard the arguments in favour of the amendments, (Hear, liear)J and hud stated his own individual view of the mat- ter. He had, however, spoken only in his own person, not for the Government, and he (Mr. Darvall) thought it would be very diflioatt for the hon. member to find six geatloraen of education and intvllig^nce who would ooncnr in his opinion. (Rear, hear ) He did not desire to make this a party question, nor to see it decided by a faction, as many subjects had been deoided that session, and thought that the Government in so Important a matter weie entitled to sollt their forces if they liked, and as there were men of different calibres in the cabinet, we shall find that each would assert his own viewi, and not seek by a slav sb confederacy to do injury to the constitu- tion, or offend the gond sense «f the country. The aubjeat was one of grave importance, and be regretted that they who had been wasting the oubllo time, and public money, should have found themselves set by the ear« in this con- temptible manner with another braneh of the Legislature, wheo it should be the duty of the Government to maintain that harmony between the two branches of the Legislature, wbtoh could alone conduce to the benefit of the country. Hetegretted their time bad not been taken up with valuable measures for the good of the country, Instead of being spent in a contest witb the other branch of the Legislature. How mnoh bettor would they bave been employed lu discussing a measnre for the remodelling ofthat Counoll-(hear, bear) -and for placing )t upon an eleoilve hast*, which alone could give it strength and stability (" Hear, hear, ' and "oh, ob." from Mr. Hoskins.) He did not understand that Interruption of the hoa. gentleman, w,io bad not, perhaps, studied the question so long as he had, on what basis that House should stand. Wot mauy years he h«d nrged and enforced, to the utmost of hit power, the viewt that the Upper House thould be elective. (Hear, bear ) When very ¡ few people stirred themselves, he took the view be now held, that the House wat very unfortunately constructed. (Hear, hear.) Foi many montht the country had been left to struggle on with all »ort* of oommerolal and other difficulties, and yet whiltt no attempt had been made to re- lieve those difficulties, they were now pranged Into this oontentiou. It was not even now too late by a Land Aot of one single section, to benefit the country. Even now their hours were taken np in thlt trumpery dispute, v/ben one tingle section would enable the Govern- ment to put up town, country, or suburban land in small Mooka without the Inoonventeuoe and delay of auetlon. (Hear, hear.) Tbit wonld be an enormous benefit to the oountry. bat we bave a Government strong enough to raise difficulties in the way of otaert bringing in good measure*-a Government that teaohei us the art of govern- ing it limply the art of keeping their places. (Hear, bear, and cheers ) He regretted a better battle field had not been found-ha regretted that that Council when a great oppor- tunity was aOorded them, when they might have immorta- lized themselves, bad not taken their stand upon the Electoral Aot. Then indeed, the Couuoil would have come before the country with a claim to gratltuda that he could not have bahn gainsaid. But they had neglected the precian* opportunity, and bad shirked their duty at a mott orlUcal moment He thought that they had lost the greateat opportunity of doing a ser- vice to the oountry. That Council wat formed ef gentle- men of character, of ability, and of intelligente, who were equal to tbia Assembly, but they had shrunk from the per- formance of their duty., upon the only occasion when they we« called upen to discharge It. Tbe question they bad now to discuss waa a very dry one, and the House must weigh well the law,'and tea that justice waa done, and that the Jaw« were not broken, for woe to that oountry where ihe lawt wera broken. If to gain an advantage they were willing to break the law, what security had they that the Government would utnrp the weapon only. If Jt waa to be a question of brute force, there were others who conld wield tbat power (hear, hear, from Mr. Hoskins ) He bad no donbt the bon. gentleman, if he could, would bava recourse to brute for»; to- morrow. (Laughter.) Tbey wera now exhibiting toa rpeo-«le of a couutry governed bv universal tnffrage, given np to detpotitm. (Ironical cheer*,) Tbit Assembly wa* falling lower and lower (Hear, hear, and oseers.)' He was thankful be Was there to state that, and though hon. gentleman bad received his opinions with ridicule, he could preserve bl* own self respect, and he bad not yet foi felted the good opinion or hU eonttitnenta. ( Hear, hear.) He counted hu tervioet by year», where others counted their» by days or weeks. (Hear, bear.) Bat he owed them to the country, to whloh he was so moah Indebted, a debt he oonld never repay. Ha denied that public opinion would sanction those wbe desired to «et tbe two Houses in con- flict, and who wished to set themselves np at tyrants Their conduct wonld be critioUed not only here, but in many placet where 'their prooeedtog* were a matter of toora and contempt. Who woola trott the Assembly if tbey who made toe laws were the first to break them? The »«note of honorable gentlemen would be heard more faintly when the opinion of the o-raotry wat heard. The pasple of tbit country had too mnoh good ?sense to be easily misled, and the* would contrast our scrambling for power with nothing" to back it bit our prejudice- He thought thlt wat a very terian slatter, and hogar* tbia opUtlo-uot at* member only but aa a lawyer. «.The Government, the.Covernor-Geaeral, and orea the Queen, were Involved In tbit matter, and those who represented bar, ead the highest legal antiques would tpeak out upon thlt matter In England, and their vofoee wou'd be heard whatever 'the snell« partiel of faction might tay bera. ? ---^>P-----_r^MP^pesss*»eB--, I He believed himself, thataMarge majority of the" Assembly would go with him. He wad not taking what was osJIe ?tte unpopular sida of the question, but from Conviction. What had he to gain by ¡t-jnolhing. He did not seek for'fortune, and was contented witn the position be oc- cupied, i " I eau be constant while she.'* kind, But when she flaanteth with the wind ' '. i And flaps her wicpe, and will not star. ' < JpufltheproetltntonwiP." " (Laughter.) Nom»n could cbarg« him with not stating at any time fearlessly what he thought, (and he should continue to do so to the end or the ohtpter. And if be should be oalled on by his oonttitueney to . justify hit proceedings," be should do it cheerfully. or bave the satisfaction of being sacrificed for the performance of what he conceived to bo his dntv. It was necessary now that bo should shortly give a histor» of the case, livras not, be contended, aqueetlon of-oon ttitutlonal law to be gathered from the earliest tnalegy. but it wat to, be gathered from two or > three statute*. w»Sb ?T?y 0D? ^"Jí 7a4 Hu "onla »o* w««T then. imh stating what the lew wa* with regard'to the con- stitution of the other House He had said he wonld have the Counoll elected, beoauio lb wonld strengthen those obecks in their bands wuioh Bliould net be lightly set aside, tand he therefore regretted they had not ohosen gorae better opportunity for asserting their privileges, He dare say some attempt WO?,L , bJl ^ m*d,e., to tnk9 a false issue,, and it might be said tbey were to be guided bv the British Constitution. The result of that Constitution w*s cansed by the oonfiiots and claims of the people en the one hand, and the concessions of the Lords on the other. Theorigi nation of money bills wat conooded to the popular House, and no power of alteration was permlttod by the Lords. That, however, was not alwnvs the case, as hon. members who were versed in the matter rnuit be aware of, and be merely alluded to wbafc was the state of things in England to show tho temperate and prudent manner in which even the cooliiots that arose there were adjusted. And wbero there was all reason on the one side concession as a matter of right was always mndo. Bat when the demands f hat were made wore of a doubtful character, there win Invariably a desire on the part of the House of Lords ano Houso of Commons to adjust the difllnnlties, not to create them, and to make easy bv harmonious action legislation lor the benefit of the oountry. Therefore, he said, these unseemly conflicts between one House and the other wuuld only end in dis- advantage to the nation lu windi they took place. He found in Hallam, he was citing from the second volume, pago 194. (The non. membar quoted to show that the parer of taxation originated in the Commons, and that the Lords oould not mukonny alteration.) There they had the definition ol what a money bill was, and he dare say all kinds of ingenious attempts wonld he made to shew the bill in question wss a money bil). He alluded to the pissage as he »«nfc on, because there tbey had Is.» few words what WM a money bill. And be felt he might not appeal In Tain to non. merubors when bs asked them to use their oivo judgment In applying it to the oase before thom, and not lo bo misled by the sophistry of the arguments tbat might bj nsed, bnt to Judge, each nun for himself, whether or not the amendments that were made ware well nude. The House of Com- mons contended tbe Lurds could not make alter- ations ia money bills. (Tlic hon. member quoted a passage to show that when Mia Loids had Introduced a Paving Act, the Commons refused to entertain It because it threw a burden on the people, und laid the measure aside.) See how they de.»!» with tho matter ; instead ol' treating It In a conteniptaniM i mm nur, troy put the matter aside and brought in a measure »f a similar character. And this was not a Government matter ; and even if the bill whioh he had moved into committee should b3 re- jected with the amendmonts, it woTd be quite Competent to get over the difficulty by tbe G< venment introducing a similar measure to carry out its objects ; because there was no donbt the bill In its amended form was more per» feofc than it was m its present shape. (The hon. member qnoted a pass-go from Halium, »hewing that, in April, 1671, where a Bill to provide Aids to the King having been altered by the Lords, tito Commons liad retnsed to sanction this course.) Tues« were, eousyquently, the defi- nition* of money bills ; and rates and taxes being a money money bill, ought not to be alleged by tbe Lords. He was deposed to admit that the power to alter a bill was the same thing as the poorer to ouginalo a bill. It was very nearl), if not quite ; because liieie might be the power to reduce an amount, bnt not to increase the amount. (Mr. ROBERTSON.- "There la no Hrraase.") He hoped hi» hon, friend would not interrupt bim by throwing in his Interjections, which he i .igU say had not very great weight. He was stating tbat lo it considerable extent the power to amend was the tame ns tne power to originate, became the bill, when amendod, Ivecsuie the bill specifi- cally ot those who altered it. But it was not altogether tbo same thing at the power lo originate, because one could concaive the c*ao ot a munt} b 11 where a reduction was made without the Lords hn/ing tho power of intro- ducing it. While he was ou tho subject of money bills, he would say the mere letter of the Hw had not left' it as - clear as it onght to be Thoo a »as a doubt as to tbe terms of tbe Constitution Act. The question, however, did not now arise, but he should not be prepared to concede to the Council the right to interioro with a money bil). He thought under t(ie Aot tbey i light claim to have this power, but he should not concede to it ; and be should show tliis was not a money bill, or ho should not be here to ad voca1 o their power Walter or originate it. (Cheers* from the Opposition.) He obimed with great pleasure the alacrltv of some hon. members in dealing with mat- ters of this importance, and ho hoped tbey wonld bave arguments as well as jocularity to use, in support of their view«. No doubt the rhar.uter of the country was at stake, and he appieliendcd as tilt» matter stood «ey mau who brought his mind to lienr on it might come to a fair conclusion from the Acts to which he should refer. He was still quoting ft oin Ilnllain. In April, 1671. a money bill in the shape oí aids given to tbe King, and at taxes were sought to bo altered by the Lords, and he invited the attention of no i, members to all tnete passages ' bearing oa this question of what wes <?r was not a money bill, and hon. members could then decide on it for them- selves. (The hon. memberqnof e5 from page 127, showing that there were several conferences between the Houses, and the discussion on the question referred to went on« and Hallam said the House of Lords bad the best of the argument, but it Was iinnllj decided that tbey should not alter or originate any muney bille. The House of Commons, however, then yjssed a fresh bill carrying out the intentions of the Lord», nftar having satisfied their dignity by rejecting the first bil). Now tne Parliamentary rule* and constitutional rulos whioh prevailed lu England had resulted from long and ontinued assertions of the people's right*. Thoy bad not r_lultul from written law, hat had resulted from tho state of things that he had brought nnder the notice of tho Rum<e. He contended that they vould mislead tbe House and the country if they argued the question by analogy and coistitutional doctrines of what onght to he rather than looking at what WAS tba law nil the question, and there wat only safety If tbo lair was administered properly. Tbey bad a Government and a Iiegihlatnre which bad the power to alter the laws and constitution of the other House'if they thought proper. They had the power to limit their powers If tbey believed tbey were too large, but " so long at the law was lu favour of the position he had ' taken, so long was it tberr'bonnden duty to observe and respect the law. Ho might also refer to what tbey said In reference to money bills. (The lion, gentleman read from May's Parliamentary Proottce ) May laid down the lew very mnoh at it waa stated in Hallam. The legal right Of the Commons to originate granta was distinctly recognised. There, again, was a definition of a money bill, " that all supplies and nHM to bis Majesty In Parua-' ment are the sole gift of the Commons." Not only wat It the undoubted "right of the Commons to indi- cate what that aid cr -supply should be in amount, but they had also lo determine its direction tad application. He wonld now draw the attention of the Atsembly to the condition ot tu is conntry under Its Con ttltetion Act. It would be r^ieniberea that the revenue» of thlt conntry were administered Orsi of all by an irre- sponsible Assembly ; thon by an Assembly composed partly of nominee* and partly of ropreientatlve members; and that, finally, the. Imperial Parliament, conceded to the oolony a costitution-fie 17th Viotoria, Nof 41. The Ungo**¿e of that Act wai very si^airJcint. And whatever principles might be Involved in tho ripbll'ul distribution of authority between one a*s«mbly and the other, the mo- ment that question was determined bv an Ait of Parlia- ment the law. until abrogated tu a legal manner,must re- mala as in the first instance appointed. The first section, of the Constitution Act said that in place of the Legisla« tlve Counoll theo subsisting there should be a Législative Connell sad a Legislative Assembly to be constituted sod oomuoeed Iq the manner thereinafter prescribe*. It was alto provided' 'that it should be competent for her Majesty by ' end ' witb ,'tbe content of tbe ' Counoll and" Alterably to make ltwt for the welfare and good government of the colony in til estes whatsoever. There waa, howevor, ai exception to thlt general rule In ¿lause 62of tym Act Bul. for.tbat excep- tion the two bodies in this . cou ury wjuld potattt equal and oo-ordlnate powers. The whole scheme of government belog a mere creation of kgleUtlm-» statutory creation -they had the power to complain of tho creator, but tbey must submit to the creation until altered in due course of law. It wet competent f<r tne Jmparial Parliament to have given to the Upper House, if it chote.the entire management or tne money of thecoloay., No foabt teeto . who, lu principle, 'dl-tfireud with rnat had been done would almost disputo the power of tbe Parliament to do it, but the foot was «till tbo same. The Imperial Govern- ment, if it had thoujrbt proper, c&nld; have given tke - power to the Upper Hoase uni not to the Low«. [An ton. member: "To the?omiueei?'1 Hie bon. friend asked with tome tlmpliclty whether the power eonld haye been «Wen to the nominee., T ^o don ¡>t it could, out toa people of the .colony would bava oad.grave cante or . oompleimV, and, probably, they would bardly have nbmitted. He merely asserted tbe authority. It was jott t* much their duty to mirani themselves tom violetta»; the law In tbit respect, aa to retrain themselves iron» picking pickeU or robbing on tháJitahway; and anum who would wilfWlyTiolate.the'lawia the one fetpeot would oommli an tot at disgraceful es «bongh be vWated it In «totner. , Ko political |nore«,»ities ^toteM _w»v from that which was oaal *nd light He hoped tee ^^ZmZiiSoifho Assembly wonldyeîfcflow iApattofUw aid equity. No indignity wat offewd I to U-tnTaud there^tmld* crtain>y le no Injustice to to; , country m «needing to the demand. It was a demand wMcbVetc«toinly not calci.Uted to excite any mania thecommnniy, but so doubt any sentible man woold re- / írurethat the immunity »bould be as large'as POMible &at; no aot done by any member of the Government should Va nnwoteoted by an Indemnity if a fair olaim were made Ähe wnntry: What interest has the people ina contest ti thi« kind ? What attempt wa« there to lay a burden opon the people-to spend a »ingle shilling of their money or ta impose upon them any new taxation. It wa» merely an. exercise of power to mako more perfect an Indemnity Act willoh after all wa» only to relieve certain offloer« of the Covernment-beginning with the hlghestand going down to the lowest-for the part they bad taken in the admin- istration of the money of the country. Those who under- stood the question would «ee that thero was no desire to interfere with the rights of the peoplo, bnt only to protect them. Both branohes of the Legislature surely ought to he intent on seeing that the law wa» carried ont, and in doing so he felt assured the voice of the country would go with them. Hon. members were not there to contast their own privilege» but the privilege» of the country, it it conld bo shown that the country was In danger hythe »et« of the Council then their representatives would De unworthy of the name if they did not resist any attempt at encroachment. But to say that tho people of New South Wales were indignant because an Indemnity AOC was required, and the Council olaimed a right to n»>T<l Jt and mako It more perfeot than when It was presented to them, was a hopeless attempt on the part of the *«>v«rn ment to confuBo the matter, and In the mud they stirred up to escape the reflection that the time of the cetmtry had been frittered away daring the session, which had oocupied so long. The flr«t seotion of the Constitution Act conferred a power. Tbey had no other aeuroe of poner but that exerted hythe people in the selection of their representatives, ond they »eleoted them cliieüy anti mainly te maintain the law, and not to submit to its violation in the smallest degree. , If tbey conld break the law in this respeot, they conld break it in any other way they might do gross injustice, they might rob one man to benefit another-they might squander the public money without being answerable to any tribunal. In short, if they one« broke over the barrier of the law. they would leave the country at the mercy of any Government who dared to violate the law. New Sonth Wale» would then be a most unhappy place, and he would 'soon leave it. He was thankful that his industry and the treatment be bad met with In New South Wales won d enable him to leave the country, but he was unwilling to do BO BO long as it remained a place that could be safely occupied ; but the moment a man's pro- perty or ohuraoter ceased to be secure by reason of the im- proper administration of the law, New South, Wales would De no place for any man of charaoter or property. He looked with deep apprehension at any attempt to violate the law, and the usurpation of all power by the Assem- bly. He wonld troit himself in the hands of the law, bat lie would not trust himself in the hands of the Assembly. And he did hope that instead of encouraging this attempt on the part of the Assembly to assert, not the rights of the people, but some imaginary dignity of their own. the eople of New Sonth Wale« woald turn acold ear to them, and rather reprove those who were so eager to contest what wa* a matter of indifference to the people, and no matter of distinction to themselves, especially when the seal of the Assembly bad been so defective in the produc- tion ot fruit» to the advantage uf ina scs&iry.; He would now go to the next section and pat the matter in so clear a light! that no lawyer or man of education ¡ought to have a second opinion in; reference to it. He could not tell, however, what prejudice might lead men to. The55th section empowered the Legislature to nuke laws oa every conceivable subject for the welfare, happiness, and good forernment of the country ; but there was an exception, n the 62nd seotion it was stated that It should not be lawful for the Legislative Connell to originate any vote or resolution for the appropriation of money, bat that they should first be recommended by message daring the »es- tilóos, in which the vote, resolution, or bill should be passed. The Silt clause provided that all rates, taxes, duties, impost», 4c, should be collected a» appointed by Acts of the Legislature by which they were authorised, TThe people, therefore, could be taxed, and the public money expended only by Act of the Legislature. He woald presently show how far a vote .of credit conld legalise the expenditure of money before the Appropriation Aot had bean duly passed. It wa« provided that all taxes, imposts, rates, and duties, and all revenues of the Crown should form one revenue, end be appropriated subject to parti- cular charges, and In the manner he had mentioned. Then again in the sixty-third seotion it wa» stated that no claims should he allowed exoept by warrant under the Band or the Governor-General, directed to the pnblio treasurer. AB to the limitation to the power of the Legis- lative Council with regard to .dealing with the public ra oneys of the country-seeing that their assent wa» re- quired to the Appropriation Act, and that no money conld lie spent except by the sanction of an Act of Parlramant, and under the Governor-General's warrant-the Act was silent except a» indicating-and that not ¡a very direct terms-that the motion should originate in the Assembly. An Act was pasEod in Victoria, some time ago, which might throw some light upon the subject in hand. In the Port Phillip Constitution Act, which passed some short lime before onr own, it was expressly provided by the Jifiy-sixth section that all Bills for appropriating any part or parts of the public revenue of Victoria, or for imposing any duty, tax, rent, or impost, shoald origi- nate In the Assembly, and might be rejeotod or assented to, hut not altorad, by the council, tiaro r>. « definition of what a money bill was, and a distinct pro- vision that Buch bills Bhonld originate in the Assembly, and not be altered by the Council. Our Constitution Act bad no each provision, and he was disposed to think there was nothing in the Constitution Aot to indicate that in- demnity bills should certainly originate in the Assembly, »ed not he altered by the Council. (Hear, hear, from the Covernment benches.) The acquiescence of his honorable friend narrowed tiie subject very much, by briuging it down to the question whether this was or was not a money bill ? Before going to that part of the matter, he wonld Btate in a tew wordB the history of this transaction, and he should Uko to «how that the opinions he entertained and expressed, and to which hon. gentlemen opposite bad ' concurred, were such a» deserved confidence. He could see no reason why the Government should be divided with them in opinion upan this matter : it was no party question, but one of opinion, and one with regard to which the Government should consider it their duty to act impartially, whatever conviction It might lead them to. It appeared that in the year 1859, on the 9th of April, an Appropriation Act va» passed ; it was an Appropriation Act which should have been completed during the year 1858. He mentioned this, because, although he should move for the consideration of the Council's amendment» io committee, be thought the bill would have been rendered more perfect if, instead of going cacb. as It did, to cure all expenditure from the 9th of April, 1859, it bad began to take effect from the 1st of January. 1860. The expenditure after 1859 appeared to have been well covered by that Appropriation Act, and tbey need not go back to a period anterior to that Act. (Hear, hear.) Daring the year 1859, instead of an Appro- priation Aot being passed, by whloh-alone any expendi- ture In the Supplementary Estimates for 1859, and any ex- penditure for 1SC0, could be legalised, there had been, up j to the present time, no Appropriation Act since April, 1859, thereby leaving entirely uncovered the expenditure 1 by Supplementary Estimâtes of 1859, and all the expenditure for I860. That expenditure had been iuouned in various-way», to some extent without any previous »auction or concurrence ou the pirt of either branch of the ¿legislature. On other occasions it had been incurred uponvtitesgforedjtjtytheAsseiahH-, Sot he believed. nr}_CB. member ofthat Boase would have the want of per- ception not to see, or would have the unfairness to deny, that these votes of credit were mere waste paper, having so legalising power whatever. To his mind the expendi- ture came under the same category, whether under votes of credit or not ; because the law said no money shonld ba spent unless recommended by the Governor-General, voted by both Houses of legislature, and assented to by the Queen. The money of the people, luckily for them, was protected by these safeguard», and those who expended it without having compiled with these requirements in enrred the heavy penalties of breaking the law, which the Legislature ought to be prompt to deal with and cure as soon as possible. The expenditure being slade, what' wag the coursey of Government? Although- he threw EO censure upon them hh must be permitted to say, that he thought lils hon. friend wonld have used a wiser discretion if he bad pre- pared his bill in the shape In which It was now brought be lore the House. (Hear,hear.) He would n»k wh at conceivable objection there could have been to it? Governments had come out and gone in, and it might have been urged that tbey deBired to relieve the Governor-General and Execu- tive from the consequences of breaking the law-a pro- tection to which they were entitled, the law having been broken not with any design but under pressure that the xnsney must be Bpent although not legally. All this trouble and conflict would haye been avoided if the Government had had the wisdom, fairness, and courtesy . to include in their Indemnity Act all who 'required and were entitled to Indemnity. What distinction was to be drawn ? They all in the discharge of their public duties expended the public .money without conformity to *he law, although they could riot help It. The Govern- ment, however, brought in a bill to cover but portions of the Executive who required tobe purged by indemnity. The bill was introduced, and it would ba instructive, possibly »muting, te see the coarse taken contemporane- ously with the proposition made to this House sometime ago for a vote of credit. At the time the proposition was made, there could be no doubt whatever that the Go- vernment who made it was pfrfectly nware that although they might seek for a vote of credit in the Lower House, that a vote of credit could not render legal what, they were | solng to do, bnt merely implicated the Assembly by -ntlcipatlonjn .an illegal act. That proceeding was In England avoided la a very simple manner, which showed the great repugnance the British House of Commons had to the Expenditure of money without the sanotion of law, and without the concurrence of, the House of Lords. Yesr after year exchequer bills were passed in England, and received the full sanotion of law by the concurrença of both Bouses of Parliament and the assent of the Queen, to provide funds to be expanded in anticipation of the Ap- propriation Act ; but not io violation of the law. The Lords and. Commons voted the money in anticipation in cider to meet contingencies, and afterwards passed the Appropriation Act to cover the expenditure which had ' been made. The Exchequer hill» having been agreed to by the Commons, and had the necessary '"ancurrence of the .Lord», they acquired the »»notion of an Act, and the money thus, fully sanctioned, was expended in the shapa of exchequer Bills. If they wanted a precedent to guida them on this occasion, let them take the one affarded tor them by them by the Parliament. JUfc them make the high and prudent resolve that not one »hilling of tha people'« money should bB »pent until it had been appro- priated by the voioe of Parliament; until it wai sanctioned by an Act, assented to by the Queen, Lords, and Com- mons. What did any Government mean by inviting the House to a vote of credit ? Thoy knew fall well that this vote of credit was ,a mere pleoe of waste paper. The Government, let it be what Government it would, had in it« extremity a right to us» this money but what right had they to forget all law, to abuse all , «onstttational rights, and ask that House to countenanoe an unjust vote like this? He again said if they wanted 1 precedent» let them look to the House of Commons, and they would find that the expenditure of public money be- fore sppr opriated wa» always sanctioned by Parliament before Government spent it. Mr. ARK OLD «aid: not invariably. Mr. DARVALL: Not invariably,-no, but he hoped the Ministry of this country did not intend to make exceptions the rnlo In this case. Ho had no wish to make this a party or personal question, to infllot any blame or punishment on the Executive, Ho did not blamo any Govommsat for the expenditure of this money. Bat in all cases the sano- tion of beth House» was asked by the Crown for the ex- penditure of any publio money Mr. GRAY : Was this the case in the Crimean wir ? Mr. DARVALL had said there were special oases, and that of the Crimea was one. And what did these special cases prove?-that there must bo some oases where the operation of the law most be suspended; that the protec- tion of the country In time of war none would doubt. In the case of customs auoh aa emergency might occur, they|_ight have to put an embargo on ships, bnt when the Parliament indemnified the Government for these emergent expen- ditures, how did they do it, by passing an Aot sanctioned by the three estates. But be wonld aifc them whether any one could find him a precedent in the Honse of Com- mon» for a vete ot credit. (Hear, hear.) There was no »ingle instance of snob a vote with all the vast power they had over the parse of the country. The House of Com- mons never would have dared to resort to any such illegal measure. There had been times when the Government had been hardly pressed, «nd when it had spent money not appropriated by the Commons ; but the expenditure has had always to ba sanctioned afterwards by the three branches of the Legislature. But here they had been passings votes of oredit for the expenditure of the public money, H h ich they had no power to pas», under the Aot of Parliament by which they »at. Bnt the Government asked the House to sanction this waste-paper. They even sent this illegal vote of credit to the other House for Its sanction, and then refused them the right to have a voice in the question of indemnity which so Illegal a vote involved. Surely if the sanction of the other House was requisite for the vote of credit, it was more necessary for the vote of indemnity. Although the Upper House had no power for the appropriation of money», he believed tbey not only bad the pawer to make these amendment«, bat they might oon»tltnUon»Hy have Introduced thi» bill themselves. Bnt for the »»tisfactlon of the House, he would state what had occurred in the passing of the vote of credit for the month of Jnne. That vote was for £92.000, and If they would allow him he wonld narrate what took place uu that sccsaisn, rafraihiag his memory from what he believed to be a correct report of the proceedings. On the 4th May, the Colonial Treasurer was reported to have made one of those votes of credit. It was originated in that House ; it was passed, illegal as it was, »nd sent up to the other House. If the consent of the other House was necessary to this vote of credit, and the hon. Treasurer on that occasion said so-. Mr. HOSKINS rose to order. A few evening« ago the Speaker bad ruled, in the case of Mr. Rotton, that, exoept with regard to facts, no allusion could be made to previous debates. After some observation» between Mr. Forster and Mr. Hoskins, as to the ruling of the Speaker, Mr. PARKES said he thought the hon. and learned member would be out of order if he read from any news, paper report*. If such reports were received as anthon ty non. member» would be bound by them, and it was not the practice of Parliament at home to recognise any newspaper reports »B authority for what they said. The SPEAKER said that the rule of Parliament went that reference should not be made to debates daring the same session in which they had occurred ; but this rule did not preclude a reference to the debate as a matter of fact. As to the referesce to newspaper repart«, that was frequently done, even in the Home of Common», where thoy went for what tbey were worth. Mr. PARKES said that the objection was made to the printed report of a newspaper being quoted, and then holding the hon. member bound by what be wag reported to have said. , Mr. BLACK : This objection had been fully met by the observations made by the Speaker, that the news- paper report trent only for what it was worth , and if lion, members conceived themselves to have bsen migreported, there was no intention of holding them to the report, but, on the contrary, they wonld avail themselves of the opportunity of correcting any wrong impression. Mr. ARNOLD was clearly of opinion that lion, mem- bers oould not allude to previous debates, and qsoted '.May" on the point. TheSPEAKER: The rule was that no lion, member could allude to auy previous debate unless by the indulgence of SifJäST18» b«t there were departures from this i ule by ¡notad^lomTTuling-VWte- __SBW.»«__ *"** down that great latitude was to be allowed m referring to former debates when the allusions were re'evant to the question before the House. Sir D. COOPER: This was a most difficult point for any Speaker to deolde, aa ¡there had been ruling in ali directions. The bon. membei read from the last edition of "May," in which it was mentioned that an bon. mem- ber bad been allowed in the House of Commons to read from a newspaper, with the acquiescence of the Honte ; and another case wa» quoted in whioh this ruling was referred to and confirmed. Then, again, there were rtiliags in tho opposite direction, plainly shewing thai the House did as it liked in the matter. He conceived that au hon. member might allude generally to any former debate, but that he conld not go into detail. Mr. DARVALL said he should be sorry to pre»» that as a right which he would rather have as a matter of in- dulgence. He wa» proposing to read the opinions of one bon member of the Government, net to bind the ho», gentleman to that expression of opinion, but because be thought ¡t would be desirable to show the House what had been the first impression taken by the Government. He had no thought of, no desire to bind a man to opinions he had onco expressed, because if that man discovered thoie opinions to be wrong, by all means let him change them. It, however, they held the same opinions now as then, he hoped he should now fiad those hon. members taking the courte that they then advocated. He fonnd the bon. Treasurer then »aying, " He thought It was only due to them (the Council) that their concurrence should be asked, because it would be only trifling with them it they spent the money first, and then asked the other House to agree to tue Ap- propriation Act." Now, no doubt, the bon. Treasurer had ? Wen this opinion very much without consideration, for he Mr. D.) would hope to hear the bon. Treasurer recela tromthe opinion here given ; and to affirm that the other House was to be asked to agree to nothing but the mere Appropriation Bil). The Assembly ought to pas» the Estimate» in detail, and then ask the Council to pas» thara only in the lump. It appeared to him, however, that It had been in a spirit of courtesy, more than anything else, that the Assembly, being about to do an ilegal act, had Íiald the Connell a compliment by asking them to join in t. He fonnd, also, that the hon, Treasurer had followed up tins opinion at a later period of the debate, when he had expressed himself in the tallowing manner : lhere was no necessity for thisyote, but the concurrence of the other House wat required. He put it on the ground he bad stated to the House, and there wat a precedent for it. Thoy knew how jealous tbe House ot Commons was with the inter- ference of the House of Lords in the expenditure of public money, I but there were circumstances. that compelled them to ask the concurrence of the House of Lords to a sudden appropriation or the public money. Ho mentioned the case of the Crimean War, when messages from the Crown were sent down to both Hoascs of Parliament, asking them to consent toa large sum of money being voted to meet tho emergencies of the ease. He thought ft waa treating the other branch of the Legislature with but little respect if, after spending huge sums of money, they asked the other House to content to the appropriation of it. This was calculated to disarm anything like ill-will on the part of the Legislative Council; indeed, the hon. membar seemed disposed to concede more than he (Mr. Darvall) would have done under the clroumstances. The hoa. .Minister.for Works stated on that occasion that he " did cot consider it a matter of regret that the name of the1 Govornor-Qeneral and the Legislative Council had been < introdnced ¡n this debate, if it was done in a proper way. They all knew that another House existed, and they had only to ask what was the state of the law with reference to it." Kow, there was no lion, member who appeared to have so clear an apprehension of points of law as that hon. gentleman ; thero was none whose opinion he would be more willing to take. Thallon, gentleman wa» reported to have Baid The Constitution Act did not determine as the honorable member (air. Parke») stated, that appropriation of pabilo money should be exclusively vested in one branch of the Legis latuae, but In the Legislature of the colony, which happened to oonsUt of two branches. The Constitution Aot de- termined that no appropriation «hould Uko place without the sanction of the Législature. The proposal now made had been euomitted cn previous occasion« tar the parpase of obtaining the sanction of this House to the appropriation of certain sums in anticipation of the Appropriation Act,-that act beiug only ob- tainable by the assent of both branche« of the Legislature. They bad not asked enough now in askl.g the assent of this House ; they most ask the »went of both branches of Legislature. The bon. member would not find in the practice of the British Parlia- ment, that any money wat voted without the «anotioa of both Houses. The plan wa« there to obtain the sanotion of the Lorls latuicformoneytobe spent in anticipation. In England they were alive to the Impropriety of «pending morney without the sanction of thaw to whom the power of appropriation belonged. , Further on the hon. member-appeared to have said The Ministry had now to consider how they eonla expend the funde entrusted to them la accordance with the law now existing, and he bad arrived at the eonolutlon that the Ministry wonld not be luatifled m refraining from asking In the _rst lnstanca tho two bcdlce, whose ultimate ascent moat be obtained. Now, if the concurrence of both Houses was required-and probably itwas-not in sanctioning the expenditure, but in expressing a concurrence in tho reparation of this aot of H'egallty, it was only carrying out the same principle a step further by admitting that the Btnotlon of that expen- diture must be by a Bill of Indemnity concurred in by both Monies, but which might originate In either thi» Honse or the other. His lion, friend the Colonial Treasurer also I said it was the dutj of tha Ministry to obtain the concur . renee of the other branch of the' Legislature to tatet of credit, and that the faot offormer Governmentt'not having done to was no reason yrhy we should follow in a course that was wrong. It did ' certainly give htm (Hr. Darvall) tome encouragement that at,the first blush the Government took the same view of the 'matter as he did , now. To show .that the , opinions expressed by those hon. gentlemen on that occasion met with the oonour renoe of one of,the Ministry, a gentleman of great ability end of great Parliamentary experience-he meant the present Colonial Secretary-that gentleman did carry out the suggestion of the hon. Colonial Secretary by apply- ing to the Upper Honte for their tanotion to this vote of credit. He (Mr. Cowper) did it in this way :-On the 2nd of May he gave notice in the Legislative Council that he would move tbat the Council ooneors in the vote of credit for payment for certain departments of the publlo service dnring the month of May, 1860. Thus we had the concur- rence of three Ministers of the Crown that the assent of the li pner House ought to bo obtained, so that they were to have an originating power with regard to the public expenditure concurrent witb tbit Homo. He (Mr. Darvall) very much doubted whether the Upper House ought to have that power. He rather thought that If any irregu- larity was to be committed, it should be by the Executive Government, and they should commit it relyiog on the Legislature to indemnifv them, because of the irregularity having been necessitated through the Legislature being to slow in passing the Appropriation Act. The hon. gen- tleman who proposed to make that motion, saw teat it would be safer when the time came to do nothing;, and achieved his purpose bye verv skilful operation- he bardi v liked to designate it by to disrespectful a terra as manouvre-but on the 9th of May ha moved that he should have leave to amend toe motion standing in his name. The original motion was a very intelligible one, but the amendment was put iii such a shspo as perfectly justified the honorable gentleman in abandonlag both that motion and his arnendmont, and so getting olear of being clogged by either one or the other. The amendment was to the effect, that the Council wat willing to concur in any measure for legalising the expenditure necessary to meet the exigencies of tbe publio service for the month of May. That certainly was a very large proposition. But if it was intended as a recognition of tho English practice with reference to Exchequer Bills, that practice should have been completely carried out, and a bill should have been passed through both Houses sanctioning by an- ticipation the expenditure of this money. An answer was then sent from the Governor to an address from the Legislative Connoil, deprecating the expenditure of publio money by anticipation of the vote of the Legis- lature, showing its illegality and extreme danger to all parties concerned, and the necessity for an Indemnity "1)1 ; the answer stated that the Governor-General was fully sensible of the dangers referred to, and would do all in hut power to prevent a recurrence of the praetioe. Here we had the collective voice of the Ministry ; before it was only given individually. He woutd deprecate using any but mild terms in designating the conduct of the Govern- ment in this matter, but he could only compare It to that of some gentleman, who being clearly convicted of forgery admitted that he had been guilty of some breach of the etiquette of the commercial code-(laughter)-a mild phrase to designate a clearly unlawful act. These things having been done, the money having been spent upon votes of orcùiî, and ¡ii sssts esses without votes of credit, the Government felt that an Act of Indemnify was required. Now in wùat respect did this Act of Indemnity differ from any other Act of Indemnity tbat the Government might require for any conceivable breach of the law ! No doubt that the Indemnity Bill referred to the expenditure of publie money which was atlerwards to be sanctioned by the Appropri- ation Act ; but the money w«s actually spent ana gone, while the Appropriation Act wat not yet passed. In what respect was this bill like a money bill? Did it Impose a tax upon the people '! Did it tend to restrain or increase the public expenditure or the taxation of the country? He defied the collective argument of hen. members oppo- site, even when pat through the crucible of publio opinion, to maintain for one moment tbe absurd proposition tbat this waa either in Bpirit or in letter a money bill. It was neither the one nor the other. What course did the Go. vernment take with regard to Itï Why it did net come down to the House as ' any money bill came, bnt it was Introduced as an ordinary bilk It was a bill to indemnify certain publio officers for the performance of certain illegal acts. The Governor- General had acted illegally in signing the warrants, and wat entitled to look to the Legislature of this conntry for a complete indemnity, although there had been a violation of the law. And to say that we were to hold our bands, and to leave a portion of these acts unltn demnified, would be to limit as withia o very narrow com- pass indeed. He did not believe that the Government wonld have hesitated to bring in the bill in a proper shape, unless they had received some narrow, miserable advice to the effect that the bill was required only to indemnify themselves, and not the Government before them. He had beard it said that the Assembly sought an Indemnity ; but this was cot true; it wat not In the power of the ton- to indemnify us. It waa blinking the question altogether, and raising a false issue, to say that the Upper HOBBS was seeking to throw a sort of protection around the Lower House, and that they Insisted on bestow- ing upon us benefits which we had not sought at their lisnds. He regretted that in the discussion of this que», tlon the people of this conntry should have such blind leaders ot the blind, in the press or elsewhere, as to tell yjejn that this was a question which concerned the right of telling them WifihVtfSftttUtives of the people, instead a necessary measure of legislation. He hopetTuVov-fact of hon. members this evening would not be to degrade the character of the Assembly lower than it was already, nor to make It quite impossible that they should be of service to the country. Ile boped they would not allow any thing to make them swerve from their duty, or prevent their dispassionately discussing and considering this question. They should consider how deeply the rights of this country were involved, not so much upon' this question, as In Adherence to the laws, which it was their duty not only to make, butte respect. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BLAKE said this was a question of the greatest importance, but in tbe observations he should make in reference to It, he should uot follow the hon. and learned member whe bad so eloquently and so ably addressed the House, through the valions subjects he hod [embraced In the consideration of this question. He thought that a great many topics which the hon. and learned goatleman bad touched upon, were not strictly confined to the simple case before the House. It appeared to him. that the ease they had now to consider, and which b» should endeavour to consider like his hon. and learned friend, in the spirit of a lawjer, was, simply, whether they should now consent to the amendments which the Legislative Council had introduced into this bill. He thought the principle npon whioh they should form their opinions, and their assent or dissent, was whether these amendments were consistent with the j ujt rights, powers, and privileges of the Home. (Hear, hear.) There was one matter from which he should abstain, not having the experience of the hon. and learned member, and that was as to the mode in which.bnslnets was transacted here. It would not become him, à junior member, to pass any observation upon that. At the same same time, he must certainly say that, considering the late period of the seetion, and the many important matters which were waiting for discussion, It was unfortunate for tbe time of this House to be now consumed in the'.discussion of this case. Among the many Important measures which the country was anxiously awaiting was tha. measure for the management of the public lands. But ha did not concur with the honorable and learned gentleman that tbat important question could be met by a bill composed of only one section. He did not think such a section could be framed, and be should like to see one framed by the hon. and learned sentlemaa, which, as be suggested, would meet all the requirements oftbat great and important question.- (Hear, hear.) In considering this case, it was important to remember that they werer not the originators of this discussion. (Heir, hear.) It had arisen at a time when it was not consistent with the public requirements that time should be given to it. It did not originate here, but elsewhere, but they were bound to give it their fullest consideration. The question of the rights and powert of the two Houses was not exactly commensurate with the rights and privileges of the Lords and Commons iu England ; because tbey were powers incidental to those Houses, which did not belong to colonial representative governments. That was established by the highest authority. It had recently been tbe subject matter of a decision in England, in the case of Fenton against Hampton. The question was, how far a colonial Legislature had the power of {innisbing for contempt, and in the decision of Lord Wens eydale, this proposition was laid down, that the colonial Court had only power of punishing for contempt in 'Its own precincts ; because to larger powers of committal in England are a part of the law and customs of England, ; which were not applicable to colonial legislators, having only such powert1 as were necessary to carry on their legis- lative duties. (Hear, hear.) . Now, he thought that applied to the rights and privileges of the Colonial Legis- lature here. Under the Colonial Aot. 16th and 19th vic- toria, the provisions were very short In explanation of the particular duties of the two branche* of the Legislature. Bnt where the two branches were elective, as in America, the pjwers and privileges of the Upper House must be controlled by express enactment, because being equal as a representative body to the Lower House, unless controlled by 'enaotment It would have equal powers. Bat a different 'principle applied to a nominated body, because It derived its powers from the Crown, and could have no greater than the Crtwn, which itself bestows those powers, '(Hear, hear.) The provision in the first section of the Constitution Aot was at follows.-After reciting there shall be two Houses, Ac, it goes on to sty,-u Provided ! that all bills fur appropriating any part of the publio re- I ! venue, for imposing any new rate, tax, or impost, subject ' always to the limitation contained in clause 62 of this Act shall originate ia the Legislative Assembly of the said colony." He referred to this and to the decision he had quoted for this purpose, to show that tbe powers and pri ' vileges of tbe Connell when created were not co-exlsnsive with the rights and privileges of the House of Lords. (Hsar, hear.) The privileges which the Council now sought to exercise by virtue of these amendments not only were commensurate with, hut exceeded, the powers of the House of Lords. (Hear, hear.) . It had been contended that this was not a money bill and be would advert to this argument-the only one, indeed, upon which the question could be sustained, and which the honorable and learned gentle-tan relied apon, M the one mala ground on which to rett hit c>"o. It I wa« quite true that the Indemnity Biff,-«o. far aa it wa« presented'to the Connell, as fir aa it merely indemnified the Government for the illegal application of certain money» without a vote of oommlttee of supply, te that ex- tent it was cot a money bill. If the Council had candied itself merely to pas» or reject the bill, to that extent that argument was applicable. Bat when they introduced the amendments, they were not authorised lo do it, because they interfered with a vote of supply by the Assembly. (Hear, hear) They indemnified the Government for disposing of «urns of money after it bad been Toted by a committee of supply, before it received the sanction of the Appropriation Act ; that not being within their powers, their only power, being, as be contended, to reject or to affirm the Appropriation Act " in toto." And it was not merely with reference to the bill as originally framed, and which was simply a bill ¡for indemnity that this unjustifiable interferenoa existed. But when they extended the indemnity to that over whioh they had co jurisdiction, they were interferring with the grant sanctioned by the Committee of Supply. Now the privilege» of the House of Assembly were analagous to the House of Commons, with reference to the granting of supply. He would read a pasEage from De Lolmo, on the Constitution of England, showing the importance of the matter, aud haw the liberty of the country was involved in the Assembly or Honse of Representatives guarding itself against any enoroaohments from the other branch of the Legislature. (The hon. member quoted a passage showing the iealousv of the House 'of Common» with regard to money bills, and that when any alterations vrere made by the Honse of Lord» tbey at once rejected them). Now, he might state what appeared to him to be the practice in England with reference to the disturbing of money bills, and he should also advert to what appeared to be an exceptional case, in which the bill for indemnity was asked, and on the amendments of whioh now arose the question. The bon. and learned member adverted a gocd deal on the practice with reference to this Indemnity Bill. He argned it was an unnecessary proceeding, and referred to the observations made by the Government in introducing this bill. Now, he did not intend, because he did not thick it necessary to go into any of these acts. (Bear, hear). He did not batead to consider whether this bill was absolutely necessary er not. He believed thi« bill was introduced for Ute purpose of obtaining in the moat direct manner the sanction of the Legislature for this ex- penditure whioh had taken place ; aud he believed it was done upon consideration for both branches of the Legisla- ture. It wa» not necessary for him to contend as be might do, that this bill was unnecessary, although there was autho- rity to sustain, than an "ex parte facto" vote of supply, would have sectioned the previous expenditure, and might properly be inclnded In the Appropriation Bill. However, that was not the course he thought proper to adopt. The Government proposed, and fairly, at once to take an Indem- nity Bill; but properly applicable only to that which, i under any circumstances, au Indemnity Bill would bare qu'ied. An Indemnity Bill was only required for that sam whioh according to tho practice that had prevailed for the expenditure of money before the Appropriation Act was passed. The course adopted was usually this. The Committee of Supply voted sams from time to time, and these »nmg were annually included in the Appropriation Act which passed at the end of the session. The House of Lords had no power over the Appropriation Act except to pass it or reject it as a w-ule, __d a prsctics, is sesssqcesee of that, prevailed, which had been latterly dlscoatiaaad. Where many oíanse» were desired to be passed, whioh It was supposed the Lords wonld not assent to, they were ' tacked to the Appropriation Bill, and as the House of Lords conld exercise no Jndginrmt on them, but pass the | bill in toto or reject it, they frequently passed these clauses, which they would not hare done, because they did cet wish to reject the Appropriation Bill. And on ' the other hand, tbey sometimes rejected the Appropriât on as a whole on account of those clanaeB. In order to put a stop to that practice, a general order waa made, and were it cot fcr that order the practice might still be continued. He only referred to it lo show that the House of Lards had »ely the power to carry out its purposes by aa much a» the common law gave it. It had no greater power than that-it had not certain right» and cowers which the Legislative Assembly had, and therefore, although the Legislative Council might have power» commensarate with the House of Lords, it conld not have powers exceed- ing the Honse of Lords, Therefore, if the amendments were justified, then their powers must be greater than those exercised by the House of Lards for years. (Cheers from the Ministerial side, and cries of" No, no," from the Op- position.) The House of Lords had no pawer to alter or deal with the detail», of the Appro- priation Act, and as soon aa sums were granted by the Committee of Suppiy, they were applied by Parliament And this principle was carried to tai» extent, that in bills for altering duties the moment the committee agreed to the alterations, and before the Act was passed by the Honse of Lords, these altérations in the duties were aoted upon. Whether the duties were increased or reduced, they were immediately acted upon, and, no doubt, if the House of Lords were to reject each a bill altogether, conseaueuces would arise of a very serions character-consequences the result of which tbey could not anticipate, and which he hoped would not arise ia their time, or in this part of the world. With respect to fresh duties, the moment they were passed they were acted upon ; and if the duties were reduced, the Customs lowered the duties, and took a bond to be repaid if the bill were not made law. But If new duties were to be raised, . they immediately enforced them. Now a practice had bean adverted to by the hon. member which, no doubt, was the strongest ground upon whioh his argument rested ; but it question. He contended that» necrose «iiu<i".m.wu> meet of the sealion, bills authorising the raising of cer- tain BumB by Exchequer bills were passed, which Bums were afterwards Included In the Appropriation Act, that Mhowed that such an Appropriation Act, without the sanction of the Act would bo illegal. These Acts nero confined to the Appropriation Bill, but the necessity for these Act» arose from this-that the amount of Exchequer bills, which are the security given by the Go- vernment, were to be raised from persons who gave the money and accepted the security. Therefore the Govern- ment, like any other person going into the market to ob- tain money on security, must go Into the market with the raoBt valuable security they can obtain. Therefore, if the Government were to obtain money in thi» way, on the vote of the Honse of Commons, which was afterward» sane- i tioned, it would be legal. It was a different thing when they had to apply money which they had, and when they asked to borrow money. In reference to this be would read a passage from May's Practice of Parliament : "In order to make the grant» of the Commons available -(hear, bear)-and to anticipate the legal sanction of an Appropriation Act-(cries of " Hear, hear,")-clauses are Inserted in the Acts passed at an earlier period of the session," Ac. (The hon. gentleman read more at length from May, p. 421.) Mr. PIDDINGTON remarked that the quotation told against his argument Mr. BLAKE continued : There was another passage. The bon. gentleman then read the last paragraph on page 423 of May, commencing with the words, " A grant from the Commons is not effectual lu law without the ultimate »»tent of the Queen and of the House of Lords. The result of the authorities he had quoted amounted-to this that all taxation and the ralsiog of money originating with the representatives of the people, the moment any gum was passed in Committee of Supply, the Government (although as a matter of law he admitted it was not atrictly legal until the Act received the royal assent) acted upon it. Although the Honse of Lords, and by i analogy the Legislative Council here, might reject the Appropriation Bill altogether, thev could not reject any partioulv item of it but must daal with it as a whole. The way in which that principle had been met by the honorable and learned gentleman opposite was-*» this is not a money b,U, it ¡B an indemnity bill,"-and he stated that no lawver wonld confound a matter of indemnity with a matter of appropriation. He (Mr. B.) admitted that nn Indemnity Bill was a very different thing from an Ap- propriation Bill. The Indemnity Bill sent to the Council sought nothing more than an Indemnity Bill should seek -it wat striotly an Indemnity Bill, because it sought merely to indemnify the late Government for having ap- plied certain moneys in the month of May, I860, which moneys, from the necessities ot the public service, were spent without that which would have rendered any indemnity unnecessary. (No, no, and hear, hear). But the moment the ' Legislative Council Introduced into the bill the amendment which had been introduced, they converted it into a money bill. (Cries of "Oh, oh.") lb was indirectly doing that which they were not autho- rised to do-interfering with the appropriation of money. (Ob, oh, and hear, hear.) This appeared to be an efficient answer to every argument that it was not a money bill. He quite concnrred .in the arguments of the hon, and learned member for the Hawkesbury, that if it was not a money bill no objection to its amendment could arise, and. that an indemnification was a totally different thing from ' the appropriation of money ; but to his (Mr. Blake's) mind it wat still an interference with the privileges of the Assembly in dealing with money matters, by amending in substance, although not In form, a matter connected with i supply: and thus dome indirectlv what it had not oower to do'directly-doing that which could not be done in a gene- ral Appropriation Act. The powers ot the Legislative Council were defined, though net in express ternit, in the Constitution Act ; but these powers were also to be regu- lated by the analogous practice of the House of Lords, ! whose powers and privileges, according to the cases he bad cited, they had exceeded. It would be a matter of regret that any snob collision as that alluded to by Mr. " Darvall ihould arise between the two branche» of the " Legislatnre. Had he been in the Council be should there have protested with equal correctness against this assumption of powert which it appeared that House did not legally poetess. No doubt the> acted in accordance with what was known to have been the course of the Honte of Lords in early times ; but those powers had now beoome dormant and useless. If, however, a collision should arise between the two branches of the Legislature, It much be attributed to that ' branch which had^ needlessly and un- necessarily raised the present question. Heretofore it had been iu the habit of acting acoordlng to the practice of the House of Lords, not exorcising a controlling power ; yet it would now exercise not only control, bat a control materially affecting the disposition of publlo money, because If tbe principle it hod assumed would, apply to hundreds of thousands of pounds It would equally apply to smaller sams. It would, if tbe practice wore carried out, . compel a Gowraroent to pass a small Appropriation Act rrom dav to day, and the whole Urne of CarUantan^ would be thus consumed, to the entire derangement of pnblic business. 'He quite admitted that the expenditure particularised in the bill -" was illegal as not having been sanctioned by a previous enaotment of appro- priation, and that it should be rectified by passing a bill of indemnity ; but Instead of amending this bill ia order to render legal that whioh would otherwise ba illegal, the amendment the Council had attached to the bill wa3 con- trary to precedent and practice, and in itself involved an illegality, by the assumption of jurisdiction and a right of control over the expenditure of money sanctioned by Com- mittee of Supply. Indemnity was asked for illogal ex- penditure to the amount of-84,000, but the Council gene- rously offered indemnity to the extent of hundreds of thousands of pounds; and it was said, why should this be objected to ? Wbj not adopt it ? It covered all that was asked for. The simple answer was this-it assumed to do that which it bad no power to, jost as muoh as one person making a, present '.», another of that whioh was not his own property. (Hear, bear.) If it was accepted, that would be an admission that it wat the donor's property to give. He quite admitted all that fell from the bon. and learned member at to the right of' the assembled representatives of the people to protect with the greatest jealousy their privileges with regard to taxation abd ex- penditure from encroachment, for that was one or the bul- warks of liberty; and he objected to gratifying the Council by accepting from them this extension ot indem- nity as a gift if the Assembly was, as he maintained, fully entitled to It. This was the prinoiple upon whioh he re- sisted this Indemnity Bill j by the law, and practice, which made it, it was illegal ; and the Counoil therein , passed beyond the powers of the Honss of Lords, whioh thonghanalogous, were greater than those of any colonial House of Parliament" constituted in like manner. They bad the power to reject tho whple of the appropria- tion, but they had no power at all to limit the bill, or to increase any of the items. This was a power claimed ex- clusively by the House of Commons, and had always been most jealously watched, The Constitution gave the House of Lords power to reject tbe whole of aa Appropriation or Money Bill," bnt no more. There was no practice of the House of Commons for receiving amendments on Money Bills frcm the House of Lords. No doubt there was the practice which hsd been ingeniously argued by the bon. and learned mem- ber-of passing enactments which required the assent of each uranoa of the Legislature for the issue of Ex- chequer bills for the payment of contingencies which had not been foreseen. This was the strongest point the hon. arid learned member could lind, and no doubt he had made tbe moat of it. The point waa that the sanction of Parlia- ment was required for the creation of securities for the necessary expanses of the country. But the ground was alto taken and greedily snatched at by hon. members opposite, that this bill bad not been introduced as n money bill even by that Houso. It hsd not, it was said, been sect down with a Message from his Excellency the Governor, but was introduced SB an ordinary bill. This was, doubtless, the case as far as the Assembly was con- cerned. Butt it teemed to him, the fallacy of the argu- ment was this : that when carried into the upper House, at soon as it extended, the Bill for Appropriations, which had been legally and properly made, thecbaracter of the bill was changed altogether. (Oh, oh.) Hon. members might cry, "Ob, oh ;" but what waa the fact,-that House had asked fer a bill of indemnity for appropriations for whMi indemnity was reauired. bat the other House sent thom dow» a bill 'of indemnity' for expenditure which had not been required, and to assent to this bill would be to say that the Assembly had sanctioned the'ex- penditure of money illegally, whian htd not been illegally expended. (Ob, oh.) For this large sum they were asked te vote-no indemnity wat required. The bill sent down to them was a different bill to that which had been Bent up to the other House. If it meant anything it contained the assumption that the Legislative Assembly had spent money illegally, with which he contended they had perfect power to deal. The House would do injustice to itself if it recognised this assnmption. This right of appropriat- ing tbe public rooney, with tbe consent of the Commons, had been recognised in England for centuries, and nothing conld ever induce the people of England to give up their hold upon it. He thought the Upper House had acted, to say the least, Imprudently when they assumed that the expenditure of money for which they now asked in- demnity btd been illegal or unconstitutional. He had every desire to speak with the utmost respect of the other House. He had been himself a member ol it, and it was only decent that he should respect its con- stitutional rights. But this was a question which they (the Assembly) had not raised. Tho Connell had raised the question, and there was no alternative left bnt to dis , cusí it, It would be unjustifiable to themselves as re \ presentatives of constituencies if they consented to any ' such surrender of their own rights. He felt he should be taking, as the representative of a constituency, a most unjustifiable conr e. He bad, be repeated, a deep re- spect for the other House, and he deeply regretted that < tbey should now be drawn into collision with it, for, as he had said before be bad the highest respect I for its members. Bnt ia dealing with this bill ¡ he must say he thought the Upper House had mistaken its privileges, and although he thought that It would I have been wrong in them to have raised such a question at I any time, he thought it still more injudicious at a time like the present when there was a mass of pressing urgent business on the paper, which the country wa« anxiously waiting to see wiped off. He thought the other House would have done wisely ¡n refraining from forcing this discussion on the House. But they had raised the dis- cussion and now it must be discussed. It wos very pain i ful for the House-it was very painful for him i I "Ann .Jndlvidnsl to have any collision with the Uppar | At a time, too, when tue brWciùicrof'&éOr.imA.vVrty to it. that the House of Loids in _5g'Iana"',wntiih "8M!Pna>j««i. up with the Constitution, was an assembly of a vary anomalous character, bearing no analogy whatever to our i Legislative Council, not In the slightest degree identical with it, and entirely opposed to all those principles noon which the Legislature of a free country shonld be settled. Aa ibis question of the elective Upper House must soon come before the Legislature, it was unfortunate that the point in dispute should be raised jnst at that time, p «? ticularly as the discussion must last some considerable time. For his own part he had rataer not have dealt with it, bnt having a dnty thrown ou him, be felt constrained to consider it, to form the best judgment he conld upon it, and having formed a judgment upon It, to give expression to bis- opinion fear- lessly and boldly. On the grounds he had stated-tharjit appeared to bim that the Connell by adding these amend- ments bad exceeded their powers, had interfered with a matter that came exclusively within the cognizance of that Assembly, and bad thus given to the proceeding the cha- racter of an interference with public moneys in such a way as was not sanctioned either by Parliamentary usage or precedents-he shenld oppose the motion now before the House. I Mr.PIDDINGTON: It was not his intention te fallow the lion, and learned member or the Hunter through the long and irrelevant »peech delivered by that learned mem- ber, but be must say that he had felt surprised that no member of the Ministry bad thought proper to risa anti reply to the unanswerable argument» ot his bon. and learned colleague. He did not wish to trespass too long on the time of the House, but'he must allude to oue state- ment of the learned member for the Hunter, and he would content himself with that. The bon. and learned niambar had stated in the course of bis address, aud in «"set lind freely admitted, that this bill, when sent np to the Council, was really and truly an Indemnity bill, and nothing else, and that it was not a money bill at all ; but then the learned member proceeded to say that so soon as the indemnity contained in the bill for tho Governor General, and certain subordinates of the Government, was extended, so soon the bill was, ipso facto, by some mecha- nical means ^ that the hon. and learned member did not attempt to describe, transformed Into a money bill. And what, alter all, was this bill as it bud came to this Bouse? It was not a money bill, though he was In no wn> surprised at such a statement being made by hon. members on the Treasury benches ; because he firmly believed that the whole scope" and object of this Opposition was to bamboozle the country, to mislead the public, and to finish the session by a useless but loud-sounding string of epithets in supposed'advocacy of the privileges of the Assembly. It was evident that the ' Ministry were only too happy to get such a chance of finishing the session, by levelling their ad captanduru epithets upon those who hare dared to bold a different opinion from them. The hon. and learned member for the Hunter now disputed that the bill »ent baok by the Council was an Indemnity Bill ; he would ask the learned member how and in what the bill had been changed by the Council? AU the Council bad done had been to extend the prin- ciple of the indemnity, and this in no way changed the character of the bill. The Connell had amended the bill, not by making any change in its principle or its cha- racter, but by extending the indemnity over six months instead of over one. The hon, and learned member must have some peculiar Idea of the estent of intelligence pos- sessed by members on the Opposition benches, when lie so much as thinks that such a statement as thi» conld for a moment be taken a» an argument The bill before the Hunte wa» for the purpose ef holding tiie Government harmless for the expenditure of money, acknowledged to have been spent illegally, and in defiance of the priv ileges of both Houses of Parliament. He would now shortly alinde to some of the arguments he had heard made use of, not within the walls of that House, in opposi- tion to the proceeding» of the Council. Ile hud' heard that it had been stated by a high authority, bub he - would not say where, that the practice of votiug monthly sup- plies by the Assembly was objeatlonable ; but the same high authority had said that as the Appropriation Bill had pass'1 the Assembly, all discussion as to the pro- priety of passing an Indemnity Bill had closedi Now this,'be contended, was a very erroneous opinion, even though ¡t bad been given by a high official, and that official had been a gentleman learned in the law-nay, even though he had been Attorney-General. AtaJlevonta, this was no sufficient reason why the Council, when the.v ¡ .bud the Bill before them, should not maka it a perfect measure. He recollected the time, some months back now, when this Government had come mt» office, under- taking only to introduce this bill and an Indemnity Bill. All else-the Land Bill, the Upper Honse Re* form Bill and the State-aid Bil)-wore ali to be shelved ; and this Ministry' with its twawUa were to give the go-by to all measures of practical reform. Seeing this, ha had , christened this Indemnity Bill the ehef d'muvreof the I Minihtry, hut he had foXudsiuco that lie l\?duo rlgUt to use snell an epithet towards it, and it by no mean» notent pushed the object that the Government had in view,'an* did not Indemnify tho Government for all the illegal ex- penditure oft the public money that had taken place. Aa attempt had been made oat of doors to iatroduee into this question the foreign element of the circumstance that tha second House of Legislature in this colony under the Con- stitution Act was a nominee Honse, and that, therefore, they bad no right to deal with Buch a bill. Bat he dénient altogether that that element hod anything to do with th*> rights of that House as one of the two branches of tha Legislature. He believed that when the bon. and learne gentleman whose portrait was suspended in that Chamber introduced hi» Constitution Bill, providing; for the» constitution of a nominee Chamber, he '(Mr. Piddington) took as active a partía opposition to that proposal as any bon. member present ; and berecolleoted being present with the old Council while the dlsoatsioa on the second reading of that bill was taking place, aurJ listoningtotho eloquent address of bia present bo_. and learned colleague in opposition to anv thing approach- ing to a nominee Upper House. He thought he there lore conld cot be charged with any undue respect for a nominee Chamber. Ile thought cow, M be thought thoa« that it vi as one of the greatest mistakes ever made ta unite a representative Assembly with a nominee Coane*. And although it might grate on the recolleotloo of car tain hen. gentlemen present he must a.y that he mac* questioned the title of any mau to the character of av statesman who could make «o egregious a blunder as to> propose to establish in this country a nominee Caunoil in connexion with a representative Assembly. Ha had re- fused to do this, because be contended that the fact of that Honse being a nominated body, did not invalidate their right to pass snob a bill as this. It had I been further stated that it w.ts admitted that in one month . ' rooney had been spent without the assent of the Assembly, and in another month with their aisentraad that, thee» fore, the case» were perfectly separata, and required to he > dealt with in two bill- "" That was a most curious idea to> fall from the lips of any ona learned in the law-that be ; vanne on one occasion a vote of credit had been passed by the Assembly (which he maintained did not give it tha ? > effect of law), and thaton other occasions sucii a vote bad not been given ; that, therefore, it was necessary to deal with the . indemnity in two separate bills. The question was a homogeneous one. If there had been an illegal expendi- ture of the public-money, whether there had been a »ingle vote of Hie Assembly or not it wa» equally necessary that a Bill of Indemnity should be pawed. Now, what was tha proceeding of the House of Coramoas in cases of this kind - He wonld qnote from May's "Practice of Parliament" : In order to make the grants of the Cammo«« available, and U anticipate the legal sanction of an Appropriation Aot, oíanse» an> inserted In the Aots passed at an earlier period oí the session, toe the application of money out of the Consolidated I'una, and for raising meney by exchequer bille, for the sei vice of the eurrea* year; which authorise the Treasury "toitsoeaud apply, froe» time to time, all auch suma of meney as shall be railed by ex- chequer bill«, to such services as «ball then have been voted by * the Commong in tins present sesAionof Parliament, By theos enact-icnte, immediate effect i« given to the rotes of tfc»0c_ -loos. He would state, without fear of contradiction, that there had been no sesBion since the accession of Victoria, with- . ? ont an Act of Parliament being passed, anthorisiag the appropriation of a certain amount of money as an H a<f < ' interim" importation Act, and that, too, at the very commencement of each session. It wa» well known that the financial j ear >n the mother country expired on tit» SUt of March, and that as Parliament assembled before» the end of the financial year, they always provided for this "ad interim " Act of Appropriation, not in order to enable money to be raised by loan, or to give legal validity to the expenditure, but to maintain the power of the House oC Lords to the right of a voice in passing the Appropriation Bili. He bad before him a list of Acta of Parliament passed at the commencement of every session ot Parlia- ment anticipating the votes of the House of Commons ou account of the service of the year; the sums to be raised were usually £8,000,000, but in 1849 the sura of £20,000,000 was raised. Now, in all these cases a bill had been passed, authorising tua Government to raise Exchequer Bills, to be applied to the serviee of the j ear for which the authorisation was made* He would allude to one Act-the 17Ü1 and 18th Victoria, chap. 2. The object of whioh waa to apply £8,000,000out of the Consolidated Fund. In the commencement of the Session, a vote was taken for a lump sum of money, to whioh the assent ol'both Housesof P-t'li-mentandoi'theÚueenwas given,-by that means preserving the control of tha Hoa*« of Lords over the voting of the money for tha public hew ice,-and clearly negativing the imputation of some bon, members of this House and of the Government. Bat the object was merely to empower the Government t« issue Exchequer Bills, Inasmuch a« money conld be raised in that way without an Act of Parliament. Clause 7, of the Act he had juBt alluded to, »bowed conclusively that >f these Acts were passed not in order to enable the Govern«, ' meet of England to raise money on these Exohequer Bills, bnt solely to preserve the authority of both Houses over the expenditure of the public money. If that was conceded, the entire principle of the amend- < meut» WA» conceded. He wanted no other concession <. than that another Act was passed in the sama session for tbe purpose of raising £16,1.4100 by Kxcehquer Bills. That was passed with a view of exchanging those billa for other» to fall due. Tbero were three kinds of Exchequer. bil'» in England. The first kind formed the permanent unfunded debt of tha mother country, which average* from eighteen to Uenty millions. It waa tho practice tor isstia Exchequer Bills, whioh were promissory notes at twelve months, bearing a variable rate of interest. There vrcie others, known as Ways and Means Bills ; and a third kind were Deficiency Bills, some being made chargeable upon the growing revenue of the consolidated tund, and others upon the fund "*, jír*"»" upon the next session of rsrli- raont. otiTerissMpte^ all taken up in tbe grand and final Appi.priation~A"cF passed at the end of every session of the Imperial Purlin meut. And be fonnd in the Appropriation Act of that gestion, Mint in the second clause all these various " ad interim " appropriations were picked up and inoluded in the final appropriation. The Act included all the other Acts of .Parliament passed appropriating lamp sums of money to the services of the .yeer. He maintained that the invariable practice of the mother country, whioh ought to guide us, was to pass an " ad Interim " appropriation Act m the early commencement of every «es slon. He was surprised there was any ques- tion upon this point, tor thi« principle was acceded to anterior to the Reform Bill of 1832. So long ago as 1784, dnrlng the struggle between Fox and Pitt, the absolute necessity of the union of both Houses of Parliament and the Queen to an Act legalizing the expen- diture of public rooney, was agreed to upon the motion of Mr. Fox himself. (The hon. gentleman bera quoted from. May, page 584, where the circumstance was fully recorded. The resolution expressed that any porto« what- soever who should pay away public money voted in the then present session of Parliament before an Appropria- tion Act was passed, would lie guilty of a high crime and misdemeanour, and of a daring breach of public trust, subversive of the constitution. This wa» the declaration» not only of a Tory, but of the most able advocate of liberal principles and defender of the public rights who ever occupied a place in the House of Commons. He found this vote of Fox.'» was not only proposed by bim, bnt only two members spoke-Sir Grey Cooper and Lord North-and the proposition was agreed to ttusnimoaely, that it wa» an illegal aet for any expenditure of public money to take place npon the vote of the House of Com- mons only, and by analogy it wa» equally illegal to proposa to »pend money upon the vote of this House only. (Hear» hear.) (The bon. gentleman here read an extract from. HatselVs Precedents ta show that a dissolution of the House of Common» nullified all money votes, or résolu- - tions not carried into effect by a law.) If a dissolution, which lion, members must take into consideration only affected the House of Commons, would nullify every vote, whac difference waa there between that and a vote of thi* House relied upon as suflicient to justify an expenditure of public money '! In the one case the validity. of the vote was allowed to be done away with by dissolution H the vote «as sufficient for tbe expenditure-of the public money, why should the dissolution affect the validity of the vote? (Hear, haar.) The faot was, hon. members on the other side had not the ghost of a glired of argument, and not n leg to stand upon. The whole scope of the bon. and learned member's (Sir. Blake) argnraent was to prove that this was ii monev bill. Notwithstanding that ha doubted not that the bon. gentleman held a high rank in the Supreme Court, he thought the hon. gentleman would lind it difficult to make such an argument palatable here to any hon. member who had given the subject considera- tion. He w ould no w ask the House to follow him in what ap- peared to confirm the view he had taken of the necessity of consulting the House of Lords where any appropriation was concerned. Now gentlemen would find in Hansard's Debates, vol. HS, page 1471, that the QneeH sent dawn a message to the House of Lords, that she had concluded a convention with the King of Sardinia, by which she had undertaken to recommend to her Parliament, to enable her to advnnce by way of loan one million pounds, and in the message were these words-"Her Meje&ty; relies on tbe public spirit of the House of Loids -for enabling her to make good the engagement which sbe has. contracted." That ought to settle the question that the practice of the mother country was entirely opposed to. the supposition that the vote of this House was enough to warrant , the expenditure of the public money. New,* it might be said that this message from the Q.uei"_ri to the House of Lords was sent because the Sardir jfttl lone was a political one. He dare say, some hoa. men i\ieci would have want of candour to pat that colour OB ' ¿t, but bow it could hold for a moment wita tbe short c1 _,n9e 0f the message, ho could no1 comprebend, and t!_0UgDt ¡f¡ would be vory difficult to prove. That also wr s another proof of the invariable proceeding of the P' iriiament of the mother country in, reference to »PPrepr>^_t¡ons 0f tha pnbllc money. Thwe were one or two rather occaslou* ' upon which ParHa_tenfc had been compelí' ¿á to suspend it« sittings, m order, from political causes, that the House of Commons Toiebt be dissolved., and t'^B crown appeal to the country, But what bad ttsen dc.ee on those occasions -bad the advisers of the tlrown -,8ked to toke o vote of 1 ciedlt on account before tf-jej wer^t to tbe country. They had done no such thlu'g, uut -«hen this was the oaso, an arrangement was mad'j between the two parties to.take a vote not on «oconr/^ but to pass a special Appropriation Act for the time-i ¡n order to give time to tha Queen to appeal to the oorat(trv. for a r,ow House of Commons, and te> [Oonlwveä on jwa« 19.\ ( OonfrtUed from page 7.)_\ I msebaxi;* the -alms of the public servants. In 1841, ] there wat a dissolution of Parliament, and 4th and 6th .- ,Vie,, chap. 53, waBtbe Appropriation Act passed at this | period, in order to enable the Government to discharge ? the claims of the public servants for six months. Instead, therefore, oi taking a vote of oredit of tho ' Commons for six months, a real Appropriation Act was passed for six months in order to enable the Crown to dissolve Parliament. He asked If it were only aecessary to ask the Boase of Commons for a vote of «redit for six months ; why. the formality of getting the assent of the House of Lords and the assent of tho (¿uean, w*e necessary. There was another occasion when asimilar eirenmstanco arose, and a moro recent one, bo alluded to the general election of 1857. There the usual course was pursued. Here, in this tbin volume, a very unusual thing, were the Acts ol' Parliament, passed in one session, aad the reason of thiB waa that Ministors had decided that tho House of Commons shonld be dissolved. The 20th ol' Victoria was a short Appropriation Aot, passed in order to enable the Government to appeal to the country, and be foOTd here was a long list of the servioos for which this appropriation was agreed to, and lie found it distinctly described only as nu appropriation Aot ou account, aim .waB not therefore to bo considered as a fiual Appropriation Act. But tho Parliament ol' England wore not satistled ? with » vote of the House ol' Commons only, hut took the course they invariably have taken, which WAS one that was perfectly .legal, and was entirely in support of the views taken by the Council in this bil). They would not full into the mistake of asking the House to vote a tertain sam for tbe month, and then conclude - that a voto ol' this House alone was snilioiont i "to justify the Go^ernmonl in paying away public money. Bwttliere was one circumstance which appeared to him to wake the conduct of the Ministry inexplicable. Ho al- luded to the fact that when the ordinary volo of credit for the month oi May was moved, the Colonial Treasurer ac- knowledged that it was nrong on principle, and au in- dignity to the other Honse, to expend public money without nsting their authority; and the Secretary for Works ?went most folly into the question, aoknowlodging the authority of both Houses of Parliament, and confessing tbat no expenditure of public money was legal, except »anetionfei-by both Houses of Parliament and tho assent of the Governor-General. Now it was very singular that tbe idea did not pervade the mind of the Colonial Trea »urer and the Secretory for Works, enly but the Colonial Secretary fell also into it, and puta motion for a vote of credit for the month on the pnper of the Legislative Council. He thought no doubt by that rosolntion to ob- tain the concurrence of the Legislative Council in the vote *f credit. Ile thought that was in accordance with the Indemnity Bill, altnongh he admitted the design of the ©overnnient was, as he stated, to Becura tho nssont of both Houses oi Parliament-but the road they took to secure the goal they aimed at was an '.rregulnr .ne, and not likely to Beoure tho sanction .f Parliament. The only regular course was, if necessary, to pass a formal Act ol' Porliamoat-an Act ol' Appropriation. How tho present Ministry cottld chango ibeir views so soon within six months on a question tliey , »eld precisely the same prinoiple, and supporting their .pinions on the Batue arguments on which he stood for the amendments of Legislative Council, was difficult to imu ; fc»n6. Some eïtrnnrrliimry or miraculous chin 20 mint , have ' come over the Ministry, and he could not compre- hend it, unless some supernatural influence had been ? exercised ; how they all at once uhunged Iheir opi- nions, lrom east to west, and from north te south. Now he had appealed to the practice of the House of Com- mons in every session of Parliament, from the accession of «mr Sovereign to the last session, and that experience was «variably in favour of passing a short Appropriation Act, which in every instance contained an appropriation clause applying the sums to bo raised by Exchequer bills to the .votes of the House of Commons, then agreed to. Was It notithen manifest to hon. membsrB that was the most eB'cctnal way of prétendus» tho power of the House ol' Lords over the expenditure of the public money, because the authority upon which the expenditure was made in the House of ComnioiiS was not in a vote of the House ol' Commoui bntaformalAppropriation Aot-as mnoh nn Act of Parlia- ment as any other act passed dnrlug the next bos'sion. He had also shown that tho Crown at home had ovon gone further than this, and in tho case oí tho message to the House of Lords the Crown used language which proved to the fullest exteut an acknowledgment of the rlgfcof the House of Lords, to consent to the expenditure of every -billing oi the public money. The inforonce, threfore, to be drawn lrom the Act of Parliament was, tbat a vote of the .HOUBO of Commons was insnilicient and Illegal in itself. and that the practice was to obtain an Aot of the Imperial Parliament complete in every respect, and containing a clause of appropriation. But to accumulate authorities upon this point, be held in his hand a report of the solect committee of the House of Commons on public "t money. Ile was not aware whether the Colonial Treasurer bad read the report, bnt if he had not he could say he bud gathered a great deni of information from it, and there was thot in it which fully satisfied bim that the right course bud been adopted by the Connell. All he liad stated, derived from the practico of the Honse of Commons wat confirmed by the high authority which he now begged io direct the attention of the Honse to. This cominittea of the House ol' Commons was Appointed to consider tho improvements in Issuing public money from the public exchequer, and comprised such men as Sir Francis Baring r and others. Aftertnklng a greatdealof evidoncorabect ' ing the'Comptroller-General's department, an appendix to \- the report was given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in explanation of che modo adopted iu authorising the expen- diture of publio money. He might be *kod who was the Chancellor of the Exoheqaer, was he a Tory-was > ho a Liberal. Did they fanoy It was Mr. D'lsraelli, for if they did they were mistakon. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was Sir George Corn- wall Len is, a member of tho literal party, and holding tho position of . Secretary to the Home Department in the ' Palmerston Government, and in a former government lie was ? 'ChancelloroftheExcheqner.no had written two works, one on the use and abuse of political terms, and he believed the hon. member (Mr. Blake) could not have studied that -work, or he would not have confounded as he did an in flemnity bill with a money bill. Sir George Cornwall Lewis, in nn appendix to his evidence, said : But these resolutions, although they rcoortl the a/motion oí the 13onto of Conmiona to the expenditure submitted to thcra, anti \- authorise a grant to the Crown for the objects specified in mick resolutions, do not onahlo the Government to draw from the Con- solidated Fund, lo which the whole of tho accruing income ia Íiloceü the rooney requisite for that purpose. A further authority ? required in the shape of a resolution in committep of ways and means, which munt bo embodied in a bill, and be pissed through ' _otb Bouses of Parliament, before piactlcal effect can be Riven to the voten in supply, by authorising the Treasury to take ont of the Consolidated Fund, or, it that rund be Insufficient, tooralee by _ exchequer bills on tho security of the fund, the money required so defray the expenditure sanotioncd by 6Uoh votes. The votos in committee of supply authorise the expenditure ; tho votes in «ommittee of ways and means provide the funds to moot that ox jwrditnre. Ihr manser In which this provision Is made is as follows : , As coon nftcr tho commencement of the session as possible, " -when votes on account of the great services have re fiorted, a resolution is proposed in committee of «rays and means for a general grant out of tho Consolidated Fund toward« making good the supply granted -to her Majesty. Xbis grant never exceeds the amount of the -»jtcB passed in Committee of Supply. Upon this resolution a ' *IU Is founded, which pasica through it» variouB stage», and \- ftaally receiver the Koyal assent j and then, but not before, the !Treasnry are empowered to direot an issue out of the Consoli , dated rued to moot the payments authorised by the vote in i Supply of the Bouse of Commons.*'f ho eoastltutionalfefrcot of this proceeding is that, until the Queen and tho House of Lords hava assented to the grant of ways and means, the appropriation of tho public money dlreoted by the vote in Supply ot tho House of Commons ii inoperative. Theso genoral granta of ways and means, upon account during the session, in anticipation of the apeelflo appropriations embodied in the Appropriation Act passed at the close of tbe session, may bo viewed as the form in which ^Parliament considers it most eonveniont to convey their sauotlon to the orf interim issue of publio money upon the appropriation «lireoted by the Commoas alone, relying upon thoir final confirma lion being obtained at tbe close of the session. Waa any higher authority than that needed'/ Here tliey bad the opinion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being-a man of the highest repute-a liberal > in politics-whose pecullor tastes and studies had been . directed to political questions-who bad written most ably , upon them, and who for a considerable time was editor ot the "Bdinbnrgh Bevlew"-giving his confirmation to the prinoiple that no money {vote of the House of Commons .was of any validity unless backed by the aBsont of the House of Lords and the Queen. -Mr. GOHDON: Everybody assents to that. Mr. PIDDINGTON: If that be the caso I cannot, un- derstand what objection there is to the Indemnity Bill. Mr. KOBERTHON : We don't want it. , Mr. PIDDINGTON : The Indemnity Bill had been agreed to by tbe other House. It wss not to indemnify " the Government for the expenditure of any particular Bum of money, but It indemnified the Government for the expenditure of any money what- ever.-(Hear, hear, from Mr. BOBBIITSON)-that had \- been expended between a certain date and the day when the Appropriation Act shonld be passed. He confessed that ho agreed with his hon. and learned friend -.tbat'it would be just as well to indemnify for all sums of , money expended Bince the 1st of January. He oould not 'see how this bill could be cavilled at by hon, members. ' 'lhere could not be a doubt that there had been an ex- penditure of publio money not sanctioned by an Act of jtho colonial Parliament. \Ve were in the middle of June, . and not a single shilling of the money paid in reference to ' the public service up to this time had been paid by the .' warrant of law. Did the bon. Prime Minster, in his ' anxiety (which be had no doubt tbey would soon hear bim .express) lo stand by the rights and privileges oi the country, question that any of that expenditnre had been ' legal? ¡ Mr. BOBERTSON : I would like", to know why not go ' foaok six years, or twelve j ears ? ' Mr. PIDDINGTON; l'üe hon. gentleman says why uot 4»o back six years. Mr. BOBEK'ISON : Or tweivo pears. _j Jlr. PIDDINGTON: It was bufllcleut for the present gestion of Parliament to caro for nny irregularities or il- legalities that had commenced during the sesBion, and there c'onli] be no donbt that from the commencement of this year .certain payments bad been made without the snnc- ' tion of law. 1'ho object of this bill was to pardon the JExccutiye for having made that illegal expenditure, anti co lar from raising the question of a money bill, or the ¡riebt of tho Conncil to interfere In the details of a monev »ill, tHeJUnendmenfc of the Council actually made the .auiBtlon »« .abstract as it was po"?IWe to make It. He , .?' «-Il » I«*». I ., , ,. did not with to'detain the Honse at greater length. He had endeavoured to confine himself »triotly to the ques- tion, and he thought he had oited authorities which, to candid minde, wonld juBtify BBseat to tho Connall's amendments. It was possible that an attempt would be made again, &B; it had already been made by the hon. anti learned member opposite, to confase one of the most simple questions possible. It wasyery likely that this would be done, too, ont of doors, and by mean» of their organs in the Press-those organs that appeared to him to have in their advertising COIUWDB very substantial reasons indeed for the support they gave to the present Government. He had no doubt the attempt made by bon. members to blink the real question, and to confiiBe the point before the House, would bo supported by the paper to which he alluded. Bnt that either m the Ronso or out of the House anymanof inteli llgonce could bo deceived by snah evident contradiction and abuse of language, as to. assert.' that this bill was a money bill, he did not believe. He, for one, was quite prepared to go before his constituent», and détend and vindicate the vote he should give In favour or the amend merits of the Legislative Council. A seat in tho Honse was of no value to him If he could not maintain what ho I bulioved to be cause of trutb. justice, and right. Hecer- I talnly har! not been particularly impressed, especially of late, it itb a ^eiy high idea of the value of a seat in the House. He did »,ot think that tho Electoral Aot had been followed by those advantages which wero anticipated by some in reference to the Honse, but on the oontrary, he thought, it had been followed by a reBUlt such as every man who estimated the pnsitlou of a representative at it» trito vnlue had reason to regrot. He tieiied lion, membera on the other side to prove that the bill waB n money bill, or to point to any vote of the Houso of Cumnions that had eyer bean taken on account without being ¡Deluded in an Appropriation Act. A vote of three millions was agreed upon during the Crimean war, bat he lound that the Appropriation Aot ofthat year inolndod the credit of those three millions within its provisions. He defined boo. niembors either to show that a vote of the House of Commons was considered a sufficient authority for thecxpendituro of one farthing of thepnblio money. Tbore MHB, honorer, colonial law, which juBtitled the O.-ancll in the course they had taken. If hon. members could not convince him that he was In error ¡a lila position, they «ere bound to vote in favour of the amendments of the Legislative Council, (Hear, hear.) And if they oould prove him to be wrong in his fact» he would niter tho voto bo now intwi-od to give. (Cheers.) Mr. WEEKES said the bon. and learned momber who introduced this question did go with his usual ability, and tinted his desire that as little partisan spirit should be thrown into the discussion as possible. But he really in- troduced some oi the ino*t extraordinary topics that could be tbtown into the discussion, and dealt with all the lending questions of the day, making Blight diversions as to the land policy, the electoral law, and winding up with what appealed to be almost a nightmare to the bon. and learned gentleman, as whenever no desired to address the 'House be ein ays felt constrained to say a few words about the evil effects ef manh)od MiU'rage, or the despotism of ignorance, as he called It. Kow he (Mr. Weekes) did not anticipate any of the evils predicted from that iguoranoo which the hon, and lean, ed member thought bad been BO unwisely cnlrancliised, ond in which opinion his bon. colleague was side by side with him, as deprecating the results «iiich had ñs"ea »rom the extended franchise. < The House would, no doubt, recollect the allusions made to him (Mr. Weekes) " and his colleagues on the qnostlon of introducing a vote ol credit ] to the Assembly a short time ago. Hut at that time the Ministry vreie giving their best consideration, andendoa ^uriiig to deal with what everyone muat admit to be a delicate and complicated queBlion ; and further considera- tion (as it was said this would justify them) had given them reason to modify the course taken. Tho Govern- ment, on " further consideration," decided to tako the 1 course they had taken ; and he hod nlways held tho opinion that, when any dittlcnlt point arose thero were leading constitutional principles to guide thom out of it. One great constitutional principle was this, that the representatives ol the people Bhonltl have the expenditure of the people's money. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) That ought to be a guide in getting out of the present diflloalty. Thero was, 1,0 doubt, that this question, which was not raised by this House nor invited by it, but raised by the Council them- selves, was one with regard to whlob the other branoh of tbe Legislature had taken an extaordinary courge for which theie WHB no parallel. The clrenmstanees connected with this Indemnity Bill were simply these, and tho House wonld see the distinction between tbe ¿ill of Indemnity which the Assembly seat up aud that which the Council sent down as amended. The pre- sent as well as other assemblies had had the pruotioe (breed upon it ever since the commencement ol' responsible Goïornment, of taking votes of credit to oarry on the business of ti;e country : and ho was willing to admit that, excepting in case* of that character where the pnblio in- terests wonld Buffer, this course wonld not bo justified, lint ii Ministry would be showing a want of knowledge of their position if they hesitated otter the concurrence of the Assembly to expend tho public money for the public ser i vice. The present Government carno into ellice early ia Mardi, and a mouth's adjournment became necessary. An no tote of credit was taken for that moatb, the Ministry who lound theniselveB In office, without the authority of that House to spend the public mouey at all, were obliged in the discharge of their dnty to carry on the pnblio service and spend the public money. There was this clear ¿istinotion between these mouths; with the exception ol' this particular month, in which the Government were obliged to take mouey on their own responsibility, for all tie other voteB of credit were obtained ; and this distinc- tion justified the application for a bill ol indemnity. .The Ministry stated to the House the position in which they j «ero placed, and took moneys in the same proportions^ and ! to the fame amounts as those sanctioned by the Assem- bly for other months, that was one-tvrelftii ; bat wit.Iiont | ti e sanction ol' tile Assembly. Consequently a Bill of Indemnity wa» introduced and passed by this House ; It | was fora specific period, for a specific amount-for the n'onth of March, for £84,721-12s. Id. The bill ii« amended could not be recognised by this Honse a« the bill sent up by it; it was radically changed. Tho now irntter of the amendment could not form a portion of the bill, though it might have formed the subject of a Bopa rt.te measure j and the proper course for the Council, when dialing with the matter, would have been i to reject this bill and introduce one of their ovin, embracing all these particulars, whioh tbey had importen into it. (A voice: Yon say it is a money bil),) Yes, it was a monoy bill. That would have been tho ctnrse for the Council to bave pursued; and not to have altered the character of this bill BO as to destroy its identity with that sent up from the Assembly. They i st i nek out all that related to the particular month in ques- tion, put in a period of some fifteen months, and absolved i tverj body and everything since the 9th of April, 1859. i I For that reason, if for no other, the Assembly ought not to j pass those amendment!. They must be read, too, by the < light thrown upon them during their discussion by the '.Council. It wus then shown that they meant to introduce the thin end of the wedge with a view to allect the"con- I t stitaticnal privileges of the Assembly. In point of fact, ' i while this bill originally purported to be a bill to indemnify | certain officers of the Government it had now bocomc a bill to indemnify the Assembly-and for what? Why for I gianting votes of credit to the Government, and therefore 1 authorising a« far as It could the expenditure of publlo money. To that extent the bill was one to indemnify the i Assembly, and was as much as if the Connell said " You have sanctioned the expenditure of public money without our consent, but on the ground that you do so no more, wo I grant remission for the past, and Bend down a bill of indera- i nil.y for the whole." The House had been so enlightened upon the legal points involved in the question and the construction of Parliamentary law that ho should take np but a short time In dealing with that part of the matter. j It was not attempted to be denied that money had been ' »pent on the votes of the House of Commons without ap- propriation by Act. It was alleged that in England the short Acts called Exchequer Bills stood in^tlie room of an Appropriation Act ; bat as he took It they were but Acts < to enable the Government to raise money, because they were only te be issued failing funds in the pnblic treasury, and were chargeable npon the (trowing produce of the consolidated fund, deficiency in Tthich they were intended to meet. Whatever the bon. gentleman who spoke last might state as to what the strict legal construction of the powers of the Council were, there was against them constitutional practice, vthicb superseded the law and took its place. 1 he bon. member bad stated that there was na instance of the House of Commons having appropriated by their % ote on the pnblic money. He would quote from May as to the praotice of the House in this particular. Page 532: Where a vote of credit on aocount of war expenditure or other «pedal grant not comprised ia tbe estimates 1B desired, a message is generally sent by the Crown under the sign manual io both llOUtCB. Sometimes a vote of credit I« given without a message from Ino Crown. Thus in 1851 and 1852 votes of oredit on aoconut of tho KaSir war were granted without a message from the Crown, an estimate only bein, presented, and tbe same ooaree was adopted in 185G on a vote of credit for defraying expenses occasioned by the In the cnBe of the Ute war two large «unurof £3,000,000 eaob were voted without appropriation, to enable tho Qovommcnt to get through tho diflloultieB beforo them. A further unappro- priated «um of two ot four millions ia likely to be granted In the present eesfion. Mr. Anderson, Chief Clerk of the Treasury : Question 1081. Did it ever accidentally happen to you to issue in cases where there wa« no voto of ..rU-inent! The anticipation of vote» of Parliament is a great question, the dimcHltics of which have not yet been overcome. 1082\. lack you the fact I It no doubt baa happened, and does happen every year when Parliament falls to rooke proviiion In due time for the public service. 1413\. Seme years ago the flnanoial year and the civil year coin elCtil, did they not î Tes, up to 1831. 1414\. At that time It wa« the practice that payments for the army and navy were always made one quarter in advance of tho vote« of J'arliamcnt 1 Te*, always, and frequently muoh longer than tbnt. 1415\. By the necessity of the ease there wau always an irregular advance made beyond the votes In supply. Yes; the praelioo had cxiitcd for a century un a matter of neocsilty. Tho object of tbo chango in the financial year was, that no money might beepent in anticipation of tho authority of Parlia- ment, but It has never been thoiougbly carried out. No doubt it was the general ouBtom of the Crown to send j down a message asking for the sanction of both Houses of Parliament for any pnblic expenditure unsanotioned by any appropriation of Parliament. Now, from theqaoti tion he had read, it wonld be seen that tbeHonaO of Com- mong bad the right-had exercised the ri« ht-to pass votes ol' credit ; that tbeso Totos hw) boen repeatedly | made without any message from the Crown. Again, at I page 505- * I In the imposition and alteration ot taxes, the effoot given to a vote of the Commons, in anticipation of the passing of a statute. Is more remarkable than in the voting of supplies. It bas boon cuBlomory for the Government to levy thn new dutioa, instead of the duties authorised by law. immediately tho resolution for that purpose have been reported from a committoo and agreed to hy the House ; ulthough legal effect oannot be given to them bv BM> tute for somo weeks, and may ultimately le withheld by Parua ment. He would now quote from the report of the select com mittee which Bat in 1856. At page 200, question 2902, examined by the Chancellor of the Bxohequer, the chief Clerk of tho Treasury said: Ho thought he ha3 shown snfliolont grounds to prove that there was a very largo class of these indemnity bills and votes of credit that tho Honse of Commons had assented to. «The volo was gen erally soDt donn to the House of Commons by an Es- timate, wiiioh waB laid on the table ol' the House of Commons aftor the money waa ex- pended. On this point, " May," page 504, Bai 1 A grant lrom tho Commons is not effectual in law, without the ultimate asfcnt of tho Queen and tho Itouso of Lords. It iB the practice, however, to allow the issue of public money, the application of which bas been sauciioned by the ¡Ionso of Common«, before It haa been appropriated to specific oorvlces by the Appioprlation Act, which la reserved until tho cud of tho tcsnon. Tile power Is necessary for tho publio eorvloo, and faith IB reposed in tho authority of rnrliamont boing ultimately obtnintd ; but It 1B liable to bo viewed with jealousy, if lau Minia tem have not the confidence of Parliament. lu order to make the grants of tho Commons available, and to nntiolpato the legal sanction of an Appropriation Aot, olnuses aro intoned in Hie Acts potscd at an earlier period of tho session, for the application of monty out of the consolidated fnnd, and for rolkiug money by cxoboqiicr billa for tho service of tho current jeir, which untboiUe« tho Treasury "to ÍBBUC and apply, from time to time, all »rich soma of money na shall be ral«cd by exchequer bills, to such serviocB as shall then have been voted by tho Common« in tho present session of Parliament." By those enaotments Immediate effcot Is given to the vote« of tho Common«. Prom a recent paper from England, he found that on the 3lBt March I860, iu allusion to the war with China, Lord Grey said : The Information the House possessed was very eoanty ; all that they know was that tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer had cnlcu lattd the cOBtof the expedition for the year closing to-morrow, at about £1,000,000, ' This expenditure was incurred by her Majesty'* Government in the three or four months before the session began, without the slightest authority from Parliament, and had hud no opportu- nity of es pressing its opinion of tho nurpoECB for whtch it wa3 incurred. Contrary to tbo recognised practice of Parliament, the Go- vernment had undertaken this costly war, without ita advloe. . * » The other HOUBO had been aekod to agree lo a vote of £6i0,000, on account of oxpensca already incurred, but no formal expression of opinion by cither branon of tho Legislature bad been Invited. For the eipendiUirc of this sum it would seem that there was no invitation hy the Government for the sanction of either Honse of Parliament. But what he cared for most WAS that it was evident that in this measure of the Legislativo. Connell there was a dangerous intention evinced by asserting rights which belonged to tho Assem- bly alone. Two yenrs ago, under a. spacious pretence, this assumption was commenced. He found tbe following on the VoteB of the two HouaeB : LlOISLATlVB COUNCIL. 23rd January, 1857. Message from Legislativa Assembly. The legislativo AtBimbly boB agreed to the amendment made ' by the Legislative Connell in the bul, " To raise by Loan ¿Biao.-SOl) to meet debentures falling duo." The Legislative Assembly requests that its agreement to the said ouunilment (which is merely of a verbal natnro, to bring tho preamble c! the bil! to «nrr«nnnd with tho form of preamble already agreed upon In respect to previous bill« may not bo drawn Into a precedent to authorise tho Legislativo Council to alter or amend, in any manner whatioovcr, any money bill pnssed by th.» House. LroisLATivR Council, 4th February,1857. Tilvilcgo of the Counoil. Mr. Johnson moved, pursuant to notioe, " That this Council, having taken into consideration the message from the Legislativo Assembly, received on 23rd January last, upon tho subject of the nmmdment mado by this Counoil on tho ' Loan Bill ' "Asferls ¡tsrprivllcgè of amending nil bills sent np from tho Legislativo ABfcmbly for its concurrence, in such manner .19'this Council may deem expedient for the peace, welfare, and good' go- vernment of ibo colony, In oil oases whatsoever." Trevlous question moved by Thoroton. Ayes, li ; noes, 3, Amendment for a oommlttec, by Therry, rcjeotcd. Oiiglnal motion carried. Ayes, 12 ; noes, 0. Mr. E I). Thomson : There was no doubt from the very olear manner in which the bon. number had brought forward this matter, that the law of the oaf own» regulated by tho Constitution Aot; this was per- fectly clear, but they mutt recollect that Bomo alteration bad taken place In this respect by tho voluntary aoiion of this Mouse It must bo known to hou. members that they had bound tnem SCIVCB by certain rules and orders, and by one of them-the fun- demental cno of all-it was said that In all cases unprovided for they fhould be guided by the rulcfl, forms and practice of the Upper House of the Importai Parliament in evea wheic n oney bills were submitted to them. Mr. Holden : Tbo LordB had power to alter a money bill, no doubt, but tho Common» in ile aetorlion of Its privileges would not allow it j and if this House asscrttd ile right to exercise tho power of altering money bills, a collision must entue, and it would not be taken Into consideration whether this House had cxcrolscd only a legal right, but it would be generally felt that they had violated a constitutional practice. Thus, it would bo seen that a few days after the Assembly had modo a motion to prevent the assent of the Assembly being drawn into a procèdent for the Council to intoi i.'.-e with any money bill the Council asserted its right to deal OB it phased, and to alter and amendas they thought pro- per all and every blli that might be sent up to Ihem. The conclusion was that tho Council had conspired deliberately to deal with every bill that emanated from tho Assembly, and this was tho first rcsnlt. He hopod there would tia fonnd independence enough in that House to stand up for the assertion of a principle involved In this question. The question ot indemnity was insignificant and paltry com- pared with the other question that was raised- Tliey were now for tho first timo brought face to face in respect to the maintenance of the nearest and dearest privileges of the .Assembly. The American Legislatures had also carried with them from Britain tho old feeling ol' tim moth« r country, and thoy had seen a House of Kepresen tativee In 1S51I. when tho American Senate sent down to tbat House a bill for raising postal rates, as no provision bad been made for that Berviee, and the TIMBS, in com montin«; on this fact, sajs that " the House ol' KoprcBen tatives, true to British traditions, refused to accept a bill lrom the Upper House for providing revenue, or dealing as we should call it with a money bill." He was LOW grounding bis arguments not on tbo moro question of whether the Indemnity Bill should, or should not bo carried, bnt whether they should allow this inroad upon thoir greatest privileges. In May, p. 437, occurred the following passage : I "In 1772, the LordB having amended a money obtuso in the j Corn bill, Governor Pownall moved that tho bill be rejected, which motion being seconded, tho Speaker said ' That ho would do bis part of the buslucsB and toss the bill ovor the table' The bill wa» rejected, and the Speaker, accotding to his promise, threw it over the table. * ¡Several members ou both sides ofthe question kicking It as they went sut." This was a strong instanoeof tbe feeling of the Commons in rcspeot to the interference of the House of Lords, In regard to the monetary matters of tho country, or in- terference with their privileges. The question now try- ing was the very self samo one that the House of Com- mons had eo energetically decided, as was shewn by the resolution previously carried, and placed on the books of the Connell, the assertion that it was their constitutional right and privilege to interfore with or alter any bill in any way they thought proper, Tho amendments to this bill formed another step in the same direction, therefore let bon. members meet it, not on the narrow point of in- demnity, bnt as the first inroad upon their rights that tliey were bound to resist to tho utmost. Mr. PADCETT: A great deal had been s&id; that bad nothing whatever to do with the question before tho Honse. Tbey had bad long discussions upon the clrouni stances that had led to these proceedings ; a great deal of virtuous indignation at the alleged attacks upon the rights and privileges oi the Assembly, and a vast amount of talk tint vsB intended to go to other places beyond theso walls. It was said that the Council was Invading tho rights of the Assembly, and of the people ; aud that this was an attempt to insert the thin edge of the wodge, bnt, when he came to consider what the state of the ques- tion was, he found that it resolved itself into a small question indeed. In listening attentively to the speeches of the bon. the Treasurer, and the hon. and learned mein bBr for the Hunter, he had very qnickly perceived that tbey had Bhlrked the real question altogether-assuming a great deal and arguing upon nothing. Tho hon. mem- ber for Hunter assumed that this was a money bill, without in any way Bhowing that it was so, and then , proceeded to argue on that assumption. On referring to j the practice of the Parliament of Britain, and to the C< nstltntion Act of this colony, it would be clear how fir,, the privileges of the Legislature went, and how they were limited by the Constitution Aot. He Bhonld by and by point ont to the House what were aud what woto not money bills, and what under the Constitution Aot j were deemed to be money bills, and how far the rights of tho Council were extended or restricted in respeet te them. On referring to the Constitution Act ho found that 'there were two clauses of that Act which contained the whole matter under dis ensslon, the 1st and the 54th clauses. Taking oithor clause of these clauses, the bill now before the House did not come within the meaning of either. The 1st clause expresses the general power of the Counoil and the As- sembly, with a provision that all bills for the appro- priating of any part of therevonue, or for imposing any tax or impost should originate In the'Assembly. That was the clause that must be relied upsn equally by bon. member« who supported or opposed this bill, as it was tbe finding clause by which the privileges of either Home wereto be defined. Indeed, it would bo absurd to say that either House had any privileges beyond what had been confcired upon thom by the Constitu- tion Act. (Ob, oh.) He " insisted tbat they had none, and bon, members who cried out would see that he was right if they would bnttakotbe trouble to consider the question. These were privileges that belonged Innately to every legislative body, the moment it was called intoexlstence.bnt hero was a Logis tore called into being speoially by an Act, and to that Act they must look for tbe restriction or extent of the power. The Council had ¡he Bsmo common origin as the Assembly, os before the passing of the Constitution Act there was but one body forming the Legislature of tbo country ¡ this had been divided into two bodies^ co-equal and commensnrato in power, and only limited In so far as tbe Act limited them. The Assembly thus as Mimed, that in accordance with the principles of the British Parliament, that it alone had the solo 113ht of conf rolling tbo expenditure ofthe public money. Not that tliey could of theraselvos alone order the expoudituro. No "non. member would bo found bold enough to conteud for that ¡Buch, but that the Assembly bad the right to cou- 1 trol tbe expenditure. Whilst the assent not only of the . Council, lot of tbe Governor- General waa required in order to legalise that expenditure. They were told by the hon. Treasurer that the Connell wa« anxious to assert privileges that it did not possess. He wonld confess that he disagreed irora the résolution of the hon. member (Mr. Johnson), and no one amongst bon, members would be more anxious to snpport the prlvilegcB of this House than those hon. member« whe here supported this Bill. He was sorry this had been made a parfy question, for he would bave preferred to have bad it considered on ItsmeritB alone. Since the question bad been mooted he bad looked np a griot number of matter«, whloh were con- sidered to be money bills. The bill before the Honse did not profess to Impose a tax on the people, and the question naturally arose- Was it a money bill 1 No rate, no tax WBB Imposed by this bill-all that had been done by a previons proceeding ; and to say that it was a bill ¡mpoi.ii/g or increasing a tax showed a misconception of the menning of the word«. The bill assumed tbat a certain illegal act bad been done; the Act merely gave a pardon for an offence committed. , Olio Sith clause of the Constitution Act declared that it should not bo lawful for the Legisla- tivo Council to oonsidor any measure for the appropriation of public money which was not «rat sent down to tho .Assembly in a message from tho Govcrnor-Geaeral. Ii this had been a money bill, it ought to have beoe intro- duced into this Honse in accordance with that clause. Hut tho Gsvernmcnt admitted it was not a money bill. What, then, were wo dispnUng about': Tho bon. and learned member for tho Hunter said that this was not originally a money bill, but had boen made so by the alteration it had received in the otbor House. This might have been «utliclent to captivate those who lis- tened lo the lion, and learned meuibor'B argument; and in tliatcago they wonld vote with him. He oosld under- stand the question being urged as ouo of expediency; hut lie could apt admit it aa a principle that the Uppor nou?o bad no right to mako any alteration In the bill. We had teen told that as it was Btatod originally this was a measure to sanction certain paymonts made by the present ministry without any vote by the Assembly, and for that purpose alono. Well, If that had been the case, he imagined that it would havo had tho same elliot pre- cisely as if the money had been paid without any vote of the other House, because in either case the expenditure was without doubt illegal. The very burden of the bill slowed ilmt it was considered by it« framers that a vote of monry sanctioned by the Assembly alone was not a legal not ; for had it been so, there woMld have been no occasion for an Act of Indemnity to the Ministry. But the Indemnity Bill spoke of money having been paid without the Bnnction ot Parliament ¡ showing, by the use of the word«, that the vote of this Honse only did not render the pavment legal. A general indemnity was asked for, «bowing that the sanotion ot the two House» of Parliament waa required to legalise the payments. He confessed he had vory «hong doubts BB to the îteccBsity of the bill at all, be- cause, aceurding to the practice of the English Parlia- ment, money was often expended npon the vote of tho House of Commons alone, and before any vote was given by the House of Lords. In such cases the subsequent Vote of both Houses gave a sort " ex post facto" sanction to the expenditure, adopting the ada whioh a Ministry vas, through necessity, obliged to perform. The present mensure could not be regarded as a Ministerial question, as it now extended to the wrong done by other Ministers ; it wuB a general question, and one that must be looked on as between ibis House and the other. (!Ie<u, hour, and " No, no.") ne holieved that the principle which tho other Honse actoa upon was a correct one, wbotever might be ita expediencey. Thoso hon. members who thought the Upper House wrong, would oppose the amend- ment altogether. We were told that the indemnity should no reach farther back than the month of March, but If there hod been previously Irregular practices, an indem- nity was required to wipe away the ell'ectB of that irregu- larity. If « man stole rooney from him, his pardon of tbe tli t-t c would not release the man from the charge; ho would still be liable to the consequences of having broken the law. It rested with the Crown to pardon such an act. If this indemnity wot o required for any poriion, it ought to cover the whole, aud include all the irregular practices that had been committed. We have been told that we mnst look to tho conduct of the HOUPO from the commencement, that they have only been watching tbe opportunity to invade oar right« and privilege«. But they «ould not do that, since their powers were íestricted by the Constitution Aot, and thero was no member in this House that wonld give up one Bingle portion of its rights and privileges, or allow the other UoubO to inteitere with thero. (Hear, bear.) The Council could orlg'mato uo money bill, which must bo bronght here by message from the Governor-General. Ard tho Assembly had resolved that tho Counoil should make no alterations in money billa, because It was con- sistent with the practice of Parliament at home, and this being the popular branch of tho Legislative it had wisely adopted the same practice here, and tbo Council had wisely submitted to it But if that body becamo elective another question might arUe. Wo have boon told that one ol the Ministers had adopted othor views a short finiendo. That showed, if helhad-changed hi« opinions that he was becoming wiser as lie advanced in experience. He should liko to seo Ministers change in other thing«, UM Kg a greater lead in the House, aud guiding their supporters'matead of following them. (Hear, hear, from the Premier). Ho should like to seo them coming forward with well-e«tabliBhed principles (ironical cheers from the the Premier) and guiding their lollowors In their conduct, mid would havo uo objection when they found they had adapted a wrong position to see them withdrawn from it. (Hear. hear). 1. be only question before thora appeared to bim very simple-wau this a money bill or not? If it were thoy ought to throw it ont at once (Hear, bear)-or îettirii it with a ruessago that tbey would not adopt the anendments. If it were not that, and bon. members thought it was an attempt to insert tho small end of tbe wedge, then- (Mr. WKKK.E3 : '"J hey have boen passing resolutions asserting their right to deal with money bills.) He treated these resolu- tions as nothing, for they had had no notice of them. Tbey caine to us not by regular means, bat by mere publia report tnrongh the newspapers alone. He doubted whe- ther i be bill was at all necessary, because no Minialry BOU!ii be brought to task, under tbe circumstances lu which the money was oxpended, but to say thit tho mere alteration of the time in which the expenditnre took place n ade it a money bill, was one of the strangest arguments he bud ever heard. He trusted lion, members would not treat this as a party question. Ile could not do sa. ne looked upon it as a question where the privileges of both Houses were not concerned. If they looked upon it aB a money bill, tbey ought to treat it as an attempt to invade their privilege!1, bnt bo could not say, so far as principle was concerned, they were running in danger of violating the constitution. Thero waa another matter, a technical point to which he would refer. If this were a money bill, it should be confined to proceedings that baye taken plnoo during the session. If that weieso, the Comic!! had no righi to make these amendments, siuco they extended to a portion of another session. Bat that became a minor consideration after the views which he had cxpressod. Mr. MARTIN : Notwithstanding the long upeecliOB addressed to tho Houso in thia matter, it appeared to -him with great respeot, that the Whole oaao lay In a nutshell. (Hoar, hear.) The faotB were the&e.; In the course of last session, in consequence , of matters to which he need not then particularly refer, , the Government were compelled to appropriate a certain , portion of the consolidated revenuo fand without lawful authority. In order to legalise that expenditure, the Indemnity Bill was brought down to this House by the Government, proposing to indemnify them for the expen ture without authority, of £84,712 12s. Id. This bill waa transmitted to the Legislative Council, and that body wero made aware, by returns placed before them, that not only was this sum expended without lawful authority, but that other considerable suma had been so expended. This led them to alter the bill so SB to make t the indemnity larger than the Government aaked for. The bill, as amended, had now comedown to them, and the question they were considering was whether they should agree to the amendments. Noir he had already said this matter lay on a nutshell, and he should proceed to show It to the satisfaction of every hon. member who heard him, and lie would refer for that purpose to three sections of the Constitution Act. (Tho hon. member read the first sectiorj.) The House wonld BUB there that the < power as given before the passing of this Act, was vested I in one legislative body, that was the fermer Legislative I Council. That power was new vested in two bodies, the Council and Assembly,, who wore I authorised to make laws for the goad Go- vernment' of the colony. Then came the proviso which provided the making laws for the appropriation of the public money. So that thia first section gave the power to both those bodiefl. by their joint action, to make laws for the good government of the colony in all caseä ; but made a snecial provision with respect to one description of those law's-that was, the lawB for appropriating the public revonue-in this respeot, that was, so far as those laws were concerned, although they were paisod in both Houses, they must originate In this Assembly. That was the only dUtinotion made between the power of the two Houses. Their powers were co-extensive, and equal in e\ery way, and no alteration was made in reference to any law tbey were authorised to make with this single exception-that lawB authorising the public expenditure or ci eating new taxeB must originate in this House. Then came the 53rd section. (The non. member read the clause.) Now the first section pointed out by what authority the Act was to be passed by both Houses. The i)3rd section provided, that the consolidated fund should be appropriated by the Legislature of the colony, that was by both Houses of Parliament. Again he pointed out that the only distinction between-the two Houses was, that the bill must originate here,- but when properly originated the power of one House was juBt the sumo as the other. (CheerBfrom the Opposition. Mr. WßBKKS: Could they alter money bills?) He repeated what he said, and which was not capable of being misinterpreted. That the power of the Legislative Council with regard to oil money bills was just as great as the other House, and the only distinction in this Act which called the Honse into ex- istence was that bills for the appropriation of the conso- lidated revenue must origlnato here. That was the only distinction ; but «B to the power of amending and altering bills Ubero, waa no distinction betwoeu the two Houses. t So lar as these three sections wero concerned, they were the only Bcctions that related to tho mattet .with tbo exception of tho ono follo*ing, I which provided that the menue was not to be issued ex cept under tte warrant ofthe Governor-General. These were the only »cotions which related to this matter, and tbey in efftct enacted this-that Legislative power in all cases was vested in the two Houses. Money bills must originate in the Assembly, and they could only originate there by a Message from the Governor-Gonoral, but all other bills exeept monoy bills might originate in either House, and when originated «itber House might deal with them in accordanco with their own views of what was right Now, reference had been made to the praotioe of the mother country. They had nothing to do with that praetlee. Tho Legislative Counoil of this country was not the Honse of Lords, and this Assembly was not I the Honse of Commons. Neither Honse waa clothed with the privileges which they had. Tbey lud none of the privileges of Parliament except the inherent right vested In every legislative body to turn out any person Intruding hero or to punish thoso who Interfered with them in the performance of tholr functions. Beyond that tbey bad no privileges. The House of Commons had large privileges. If an bon. member waa misrepresented, in what he said-if an assault was committed, or a member was libelled, the House of 1 ordB m well OB Commons hnd the means ot punishing theotreuderfor contempt, and thoy could send their Sergeant-at-Arms to bring him not only, if in tho pre olncts of the House, but from any part of England to re- çoive punishment. Tboy hnd vested powers whioh they had not heie. The members of the House of Lords could voto by proxy, and nvariuty of things were>tlone by them which could not be done by the Legislative Connell. And what lie bud already ttatod was decided by the Privy Council that tho law of Parliament was a branch of the common law. This was attaohed to Parliament onlv, and not to Institutions like these. They had no part of tho privileges of Parliament except the part of it that belonged to them, which ho had pointed out, and which was hedged nronnd them as a protection nooessary for the proper discharge of- their functions, and beyond that they could not go- all these powers and privileges beyond that were to be gathered lrom the Constitution Act. Tley were called Into cxlstenoo by that Aot, and tho powers conferred on them were contained in that Act. They wore not tho powers of the House of Commons, but they «ere statutary rights. This was the document that called them into exiBtenco, and which gavo them powers and put a limitation on them., Whatever they found in that document these were the powers thoy possessed, and no more. Now, what WOB there In this en- actment whleh gave them larger powers in dealing with moHPy bills. Hnd they larger powers than was given to the LcgiBlativo Council ? Was there a Bingle word in this Aot to that effect ? Nothing of the sort. Ho maintained that the only distinction was that these bills must originate here, and It waa altogether a waste of time to rerer to what was the praotioe of the mother conntry under the law of Parliament, which had no reference to this Hcnse. Now if the law of Parliament did apply, then he mot that argument by contending, and ho thought successfully, that this was not a money bill. (The bon. member quoted from May, page 506, to show that this Indemnity Bill was not a bill of this cha- racter.) Nor was there a single word which applied to a bill like the present. Not a syllable in the passage he had read which embraced the present case. A money bill nasa bill to grant aids to the Crown; wai tbe present bill like that? What was it more than this, that whereas, by law. no money could be paid out of the consolidated revenue except by authority of an act, passed by the Council and Assembly, and whereas the Governor has ¡noïïià narrants without Süúu an Aft, 5Su v/hcrsos these that liAve aided him wero also guilty, and conld be pro- secuted for a high crime and misdemeanour, under the 53rd section ol' Uio Constitution Act. (Interruption, chcern, and counter cheers.) He was proceeding to point ont that the coso was this:-the Aot of Parliament re- quired that the consolidated revenue should be expanded only by an Act passed by the Assembly and Connell ; »nu whereas tho Governor-General had issued wai rants, be bud violated this Act, and had rendered himself liablo to be prosecuted for a misdemeanour, and the Colonial Treasurer could also bo prosecuted as well as the other members of the Government who were concerned with the Governor in violating this Act, therefore it became necessary to pass an Aot to Indemnify or prevent any per BOH from prosecutin g these violations of the law. ( Cheers from the Opposition.) This Act was not to grant aids to the Crown, bnt was au Act to prevent the prosecution of tho Governor-General and the members of the Government. It WAS not because it related to the expenditure of public money tbnt it wai different from any other act ol' Indem- nity ; and supposing the Governor-General had done some illegal not, and the Colonial Treasurer had also aided him, fti.d it WAS thought necessary to Indemnify them, the carne principle would apply te this. (Interruption from Air. Gorden.) The law, he took it, was abundantly clear, that the money ot this country could not be legally appropriated except by an Act of tbe Council and the Assembly. Did the lion, member mean to tell him that the Governor might, by his warrant, take monoyontof tho Treasury, and that that was an act which could not bo challenged In any way? Had they arrived at such a pitch that lion, members of the Legislative Assembly would defend conduct Uko that? wasthoro a single syllable ¡u the Act which recognised the authority of tho House in its individual capacity ? Mr. "VVtUKJaS : The bon. gentleman spoke of tho Go \ et nor doing it on his own responsibility : I say the authority c1 the House. Mr. MAÖT1N : When he said on his own authority he nu nut on an authority not recognised by law. When this lioute assumed the right to give his Excellency authority it htsnmed a right whick it did not possess. Whatever tLe House might do in that respect In its individual capa- city eciild have no raore'buiiliDg effect or legality lh.ui any resolution of the kind come to by a municipal Connell, No doubt the assent ol'the .Assembly was necessary to the passing of any law, but its Individual action was idle, and had no mure binding loree, than the separate, action of the Legislative Council, cr of the Governor-General. What law was there to make the individual action ofthe Assembly binding? It nes nob tobe lound iu the Constitution Act. On the contrary , that Act in its 53rd section, pointed out clearly tbat the consolidated revenue fund was subject to be appropriated to such specific purposes as by any act of the Legislature should be provided In that behalf. Was the vote of the Assembly an act ol' the Legislature '! He was surprised that the hon. gentleman should put forward fallacies of that kind, and which showed such ignorance of the Constitution Act, by which alone in this matter they were to be guided. Hon. members were not bonnd to assent to the amend- ments proposed by the Legislative Council. If the ques- tion were this, whether the Assembly had the power to refuBO its assent to this amendment, ho would at once say that they had the power in reference to this or any other bill. He would admit that they had the right to say that they did not tblnk It necessary to mix np the Indemnity for other monies expended with that £84 000. Bat that was not the question. The question raised by the bon. member opposite was, that the Counoil had not the power to Bend down this amendment. The bon. frentleman admitted that this was not a money bill, but n order to get out of the difficulty, ho said it became a money bill the moment the Legislative Counoil Introducod an alteration which would extend the indemnity to another sum. In what way, be wonld ask, did that make it a money bill Î If it was not a money bill when it pro- posed to indemnity for £84,000, did the extension of the indernnication to ¿100,000 make it a money bill ? (Hear, hear.) If it was not a money bill at Its inception, it was not a money bill now. It appeared to him that the pro- position made by the Legislative Council was very rea- sonable.!» It was dearly shown that a larger sum than £84,000 had been expended wlthon legal authority, and if they were to pass a Bill of Indemity at all, why should it not cover the whole of the money whioh hod been illegally expended 1 He could not understand how any member of the House-and particularly a. member of the Government-could object to the passing of an Act to I render legal that whioh had been clearly illegal. The law was clear. No doubt the Assembly possessed the poner of originating money, but beyond that their indi- vidual power was idle. An indemnity was necessary to prevent any person, either here or else- where, InstltntiDg any proceeding by aid of criminal prosecution or appeal to tbe imperial authorities for the purpose of calling in question those illegal Acts. The first question was-are they illegal acts. There ho was at issuo with the hon. member opposite who thought they were not, and that the Governor .was authorised at any time te dip his hands into the Treasury without the au- thority of on Act of tbe Législature. Mr. GOKDON : I beg the hon. members pardon, If be refers to me, I said nothing of the kind. Mr, MAKTIN.- The'bon. member seems to think BO. Mr. GOSDON : I do not Beem to think BO. 1 i Mr. MARTIN : The bon. member cannot tell bow he i appears to me. He can tell how he appears to himself: but be certainly appears to me clearly not to understand , this question. Mr. GOKDON : I will try presently. Bfr.'MABTIN: I doubt whether the bon. member will alter the view I now take. If the hon. member would, 'however, bring solid reasons to besr upon the question, I he might convince him, for he was open to reason. He thought it would be 'difficult to show that there was anything in this Aot whioh gave efflcaoy to a vote of the Assembly solely on a matter of this kind. At all events until it was shown that the Governor-General could legally take money ont of the Treasury without (ho authority of an Act passed by both Honses,'lio should remain under the firm conviction that the view he had taken was correct. He could not under- stand how the Government, as a Government, could object to such a measure as tbat returned from the Legislative Connell. One wonld rather baie thought that if they were parties to some portion of that illegal though necessary expenditure, nothing would gratify tbera more than that an Aot should he passed to indemnify them and prevent any person calling in question any of their proceedings. He again urged upon bon. members not to be led away be the mere assertion that this was onlv an attempt to insert the thin end of the wedge by the Upper HOUBO. In what v,ay was that attempt evidenced ? Thoy were dearly domg nothing more than the Constitution Aot allowed them to do. If adiU'crence arOEe it might be an irreconcilable differ- ence, propoenls might be made which conld never be as- sented to; butas to the now« of the other House, that was ft mutter beyond all question, no had heard no argument teiidlne; to establish that they had not this power, and ho believed no such argument could be brought forward. He should bo nropnred to give his assent to the W11. ' Mr. HOOOfiOn oeaeelvinjB this to be an important defeat* asé one likely to toadt> important resnltoVewrw bon. member might think it neoessiry to «pea., therefor' be moved the adjournment of the debate until to-morrow, and that it take precedence of all other business. The question was pnt upon the motion for adjonrnmeit, and tbe House divided as follow« : Aye«, 33. Mr. 'Wecke« Arnold BoterUon A-dMon Gorèen Clementa Aihtr Dickaon Denies? Wilton M'Art.ar Mort Moe«, 10. Mr. L.ea« Deakin« Garrett Eckford Parkes Mr. ri.nhctt Sr. Lan« Mr. i. CaaopbtU Gray Hodgson Bart Samuel! Fancett Blatk Hay Windeyer Mr, Martin Walker Foratcr Broughton A. C»mrb«:i Macleay Oxley Jenkins Roberts Piddington, I Blake, J Teller«; Mr. J unison Farnell Cummings Ä J To»»«. Mr, Cloie Terry Fielt Laycock Ii mell Enan The motion for adjournment was, therefore, carried. TOLLS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The SPJBAKJ-tt reported to the House a message from tbo Legialative Counoil, transmitting the Toll«' Act Amendment Bil), with amendments, in which the osseiit ot the Aasembly waa requested. The consideration of the amendments were fixed an order of the day for to- morrew. PETITIONS. Mr. MACLEAY presented a petition from a number of the Inhabitants ot Wagga, Wagga, stating that a, sum of money, promised and placed apon the estimates by the late Government for the construction ot a bridge in the township, bad been Btruck off by the present Minister for Works; the oonsenuence ol the promise having been the sale of extensive allotments of land at a high price, whilst the effects of the withdrawal of tho item waa the continued want of a brldgo, to tho great in- convenience of the public. The petition prayod that this subject might be taken into serious consideration. Petition received. The House adjonrned at a quarter-past eleven, until three o'clock to-morrow. 