ENGLISH EXTRACTS. l.OHDM ACAULAV. (From the Edinlntri/h /{ft '/-?«'.) The mclnneholoy ev. nt which suddenly term i - null's tbe labors of the most illustrious mini of letters whom England hail in this ago puiduccd, claims in so peculiar « manner from ourselves the expression of tbat sorrow and regard which are shared by the whole nation, tbat wc hesitate not to depart on this occasion from the usage of our journal, and to record in these lines our sense of so irreparable a loss. Others will relate, as lonpr as literary history excitcs the sympathy aud the curiosity of future ages, the varied and inexhaustible gifts which marked out Thomas Habiiigtou Macaulay from all his contemporaries. The astonishing activity of his mind had ranged from early youth through every path of literary research ; the capacity and precision of his memory retained and arranged i'or instant use every page, every thought, every incident, and every name which had at any time attracted his attention. All lie read, all he knew, ! — and what had he not read ? what did lie not | know ? — was reflected by some spectral process on j bis memory, where it remained, subject to no change but that of mortality. Accordingly, the studies of his earlier years, the sublime language if tbe Hebrew Scriptures, the tragic grandeur of the Athenian stage, tbe eloquence and wisdom of. the orators and historians of antiquity, nnd even tbe discourses of the Christian Esthers, formed the basis of his mental culture, and were 110 less present to bis mind than every other part of the vast structure of modern literature and history he raided upon it. Hut while the universal range of his acquirements had rendered him familiar with u'l that was beautiful and elevated in tbe literature of other ages and other lands, the focus of his genius centered in the history, tbe language, and tlie literary life uf England. Profoundly versed in tbe story of her growth, and imbued with the spirit of her freedom ; admirably skilled in the use of his mother-tongue, of which it may be said, as Wordsworth said of Milton, tbat in his hands 'the thing became a trumpet;' incredibly familiar with the writings and the life of every man who has left a trace in the letters of this country, till be seemed to have the power of recallinff the dead by the vivacity of his own -impression .of ?them, Lord Macaulay was essentially English in i his habits of thought and in his tactes, Tbe ! strongest of all his feelings were the love and pride excited in him by l.'is native land; for he j knew her and admired her, not only as the Eng- ; land of this age, but from the dawn of her .annals , to the fulness of her strength. In other men gifted with these extraordinary j powers of memory, it has been remarked that the , mind is over-burdened with its own stores, and ' that powers of vigorous thought axe not unfre quently wanting to animate and control tlie mass 1 of acquired knowledge. The intellect of Lord -Macaulay was more perfectly constituted. lie 1 combined so vivid au imagination with so solid a judgement, that if he had not been a great historian i he might have passed down to posterity us a great poet-; and while the amount of ibis intellectual wealth would have overwhelmed a mind of less original power, with him it remained subordinate to the genius of tbe master. £fo man was moie remarkable for the nice discrimination of bis critical powers, or for tho ingenious combinations by which he threw a .new and vivid light on the course of events, the play of human character, ; and the principles he lived to advocate and de fend. It was this rare union which gave so won derful a charm ta his style ; every sentence was, instinct with life ; every word touched by his pen ' left its mark, and the same spell which captivatcd the most accomplished of his contemporaries, and ; overruled the hostility of his antagonists, -gave him an unequalled popularity wherever the lan guage of England is understood or admired. ? Wc speak of Lord Macaulay mainly as a man of letters, because, without doubt, that is his chief glory and his jnost lm.pcrisliable character ^ for,' although wc have seen and a Imired the part he sometimes filed in political debate, and tisi speeches in the House of Commor.s were not un worthy of himself, he early discerned that he was ? the heir of a loftier fame than political services can earn, or political distinctions confer. When culled by the just favour of the Crown to the' august Tanks of the British peerage, and to that senate which, alas 1 he was never able to address, ! the nation felt that his coronet Tested upon his matchless literary eminence, and not upon mere party conuexibn. No peerage conferred by ai Minister was ever more cordially sanctioned by the nation, for it was felt that the lustre thrown by his genius upon the peerage surpassed the dis- , ?tinction conferred by the peerage upon himself. ' No .doubt Lord Macaulay was strongly attached to his political friends, and deeply imbued with: those immortal principles wliich have assigned to the Whig party so glorious a share in the an nals and government of this country. But lie . raised those principles to a higher power. He gave them a broader and more universal character. He traced them along the mighty streams of his tory, and he expanded them till they reached the noblest destinies of man. Enshrined in the me- . morable Essays which first appeared in the pages of this journal, and embodied in the great History wli'cli, though still incomplete, includes the most remarkable crisis of British constitutional free dom, these truths will be remembered in the lan guage he gave them when Parliamentary orators and the contentions of statesmen are forgotten. Above all things his public career was singlarly high-minded aud pure ; he was actuated by no selfish motives ; he disdained every vulgar re ward, and, bound by principles to the Whig party, lie never made the slightest sacrifice of his own judgment and independence to the demands of pcpular prejudice or to the dictation of authority, ' The brilliant efforts of accomplished rhetoric, tbe graphic scenes traced by a vivid. imagination, tho encrgetic defence of political principles would,- however, fail to secure Lord Macaulay' that place which ho deserves in the memory of bis countrymen if his prodigious intellectual powers had not been allied to a still nobler tom permeut. It has been said by some, who must indeed have known him imperfectly, and judged 'liiin very unwisely, that' lie lacked the warmir qualities of the heart. Is it credible that without tlie highest qualities of the heart, a man could livo the 'enthusiastic 'admirer of all that was generous, disinterested, 'genial, and good—could 'die without one' single , action.. to .'.lie,, recorded of jhira 'which. does riot'.'do honour' to his; name No lone,' Indeed, who --has lived ' in, or- heard of I the ' society of 'London, in our time ,coul-l he {ignorant ol the wi juiation- and brilliancy of his cou jversiition, of the fascinating in llucnco which: drew {tlio- 'hearers round .'his chair, -of the varied and .'abundant storos of past knowledge and sudden in ispiration .by '.which',, he was wont to illuminate lus Ipatlr through ;life with a preternatural radiance. ilJut'it requires a more i'ntimat'o acquaintance with jthc junobtrusivo tenor of his privato life to know with what symyathy and 'munificence lie was ever ? rehdy to assist with hi? counsel arid .fortune those i who were struggling in the .humbler, walks of litc jra.ry.toil ; aud if we were tit liberty to follow him ? into the narrower circle which bounded his doines tic ViesJ'it would be seen tlmt no maii ever lived ol 'ajmoi;c tender aud affectionate nature. Many are i they who at this hour, feel, ns'wc do, that, tlfey lost one of tlie kindest as well as the greatest of tlieii friends ; nnd although the applause and veneration of the world does, in one sense, perpetuate tlio ex-, istcncc of so illustrious a writer, wc cannot forget that the virtues and the graces we loved in his life and conversation lntve vanished for ever. Though singularly inacocsiiblo to iho ordinary temptation? of vnniiy or ambition, one wish of personal distinction we know him to have enter tained, and that wish has been fulfilled, lie more than onco expressed his earnest desiru that bis mortal remains might rest, in that sepulture of Kiighmd which inspired one nf the'^no.st cxquitiite contemplative e.ss:iys in the language of Addison, and which linn oftentimes been described as the last bourne of human renown by Macaulay. Be tween the men who made these names immortal there are but a few feet of stone ; both of them are gathered in the same spot to tbe silent com pany of tbeir compeers. In that assemblage of poets, orators, statesmen, and patriots, whore rests no nobler Englishman than bo whom wc have so recently laid there; and though other occasions will arise for a more ample consideration of his genius and his writings, we drop this tribute of profound sorrow upon his grave. An American Champion. — ' Argus,' of the Morning Post, thus alludes to a forthcoming ex hibition — viz., tbe contest for the championship between Tom Sayers and the Benccia Boy : — ' As this is the time when the volunteer system is all the rage, and every paterfamilias is seeking to become a Tell with a rille, it strikes me that a science which enables a man to defend himself with the weapons of nature, instead of those of Birmingham and Enfield, should not be over looked. Tbe importance of this match,' in the estimation of the middling classes of tbe two countries is difficult to imagine, and the struggle has quite assumed a national complexion. At New York it has completely absorbed the execu tion of John Brown ; and the perusal of the. Pre- sident's Slessnge is laid on one side for one from Mr Gideon, tbe charge d'affaires of Tom Saycrs. Here it is the talk of the cover-side, tbe theme of conversation in the smooking-room of every club,1 and on the Stock Exchange the topic is inter mingled by grave men, who live at Stoke Newing toti, Kennington, aud Brixton, with questions about ; Turks, Dovers, and Marines. Mr. Grantley lierkely says, in a communication to the Field — \ and he ought lo know something about what a pretender to the championship of England should be made of— that Heenan, or the Benecia Boy, stands Oft. Sin. high, and is a magnificent speci men of a mail. His limbs are moulded for strength ' and activity, his manners and address excellent and unassuming, and it is impossible for him to be otherwise .than good-natured. This -is certainly \ not a bad letter of introduction, and is somewhat confirmed hy a photographic likeness of the hero which a cheap contemporary has this day given to ' tbe world. 'By it he gives us tlie idea of a Jins- : sian nobleman, for he is enveloped iu a fur coat .; and, from the melancholy .tons of his countenance, 6o far from regarding him as a pug,' one would | be mdiued -to lake him for one of the .above order who had orders from the Czar to spend a winter iu Sibetiii. His fighting weight is from l&sti; lOlbs to I4st. ; and I gather from the same authority that his width round tlie chest is 45 inches, being only one .inch less than Beu CJaunt. j Athougb he first suielt the lamps in Tr.oy State,' New York, his paren ts were importer] from King's , County, Ireland. He will attain 'ills first .quarter : of a century in May, and has obtained the sauUri - -. quel of the Benicia 15oy, from having worked at: a village called Benicia, in California. His sola- : tary performance was an Canada, where in 185S, lie ; was beaten ra 13 rounds^ in 21 .minutes, by John Morrisev, the Champion of America. He was to leave New York in the Asia on the 4th of thel month; .and, if blest with favoring gales,' lie' will be due in the course of two or three days at' Liverpool, where lie will be welcomed by an hu- . mence bodyof the lo vers of manly sports, headed ' by the editor ef the Sjturlhig Life, who ac.com-, panics him to London, as Lord Alfred Paget does ? a royal prince from Dover.. Apartments liive, been -already engaged for him, and John Mac- 8 donald (not Jemmy) lias been appointed hisj equerry. After showing himself at Owen's, lis proceeds at once into retirement, to undergo 'that; preparation without which he has no chance oft gratifying his ambition. And as it is clear he ; was beaten in his first encounter from not being : fit, lie is -not likely to throw a chance away now. ; Our own countryman, Sayers, I am assured, is in ' no way dismayed, either by the size or the fresh ness uf the illustrious stranger ^ but, like j Alexander the Great, sighs far new worlds to : conquer. He must, however, not hold Bame'ia's child so cheap as lie did bis last antagonist, or he ! may find that he has caught a Tartar, It is [ pleasing, I may add, to state that lleenan's ' ambassador, Mr Falkland, was immensely struck , with our Champion's unaffected manners and conversational powers ^ and there can be no doubt that this * passage of arms' will be decided in a manner and amid a« assembly worthy of two free countries who pride themselves on their sports.' ?Cyclone at Axdahans. — The following is an ; extract from a private letter : — ' We have had a cyclone here ; tbe strength of the wind and sea ; was something frightful to look at. We were ' nearly blowu oa the rocks : had two large anchors ; down, aud they barely held us. The Nemesis was lying near us ; she was obliged to go into the inner harbor to save herself. A small steam gun-'i boat, which came down with the EreeQueen a short time ago, was wrecked and entirely^ smashed ou the rocks in trying to make her escape into tbe inner harbor, although she was steaming full power all the time ; fortunately no lives were lost. The Governor's house and the Naval Brigade : barracks were unroofed, and the former nearly blown down. All the convicts' huts were literally ; crushed, and the roof of the hospital on Chatham Island was blown away, and the trees and vegc tatiou, such u3 plantain trees, &c;,, were entirely destroyed or cut down. I never could credit the wind could have such force ; we escaped by a mere miracle.' — Moulmein Advertiser, Dec. 15. An Intelligent Itustt Catholic. — Mr Michael Joseph Barry, an Irish Roman Catholic, who has courageously withstood tlio pro-Papal crusade of Dr Cul'len, has some admirable remarks on the subject in a letter to the Cork Reporter 'j: — ' It is sought to establish some analogy 'bbtween; the case of Ireland and that of the lloinagria.! What is the evidence-that wc find of this analogy ? The Legations elect 124-. representatives, V.w-ho, unanimously repudiate the Govornmcnt of tlio Pope ; Ireland elccts 105 representatives, of: whom not a dozen can :be got . to. condemn , even those acts of British legislation t that-aro; alleged -.lo. : be most injurious to her. Ireland shows ail the' institutions 'of a free state; Thej Ilomagiu was ground to the dust' in. --servitude.', Ireland has not ' onei . foreign : soldier, on her-iSotl ;. the ! Ronirtg'ia.'jhas: '.groaned.', for;;, 10 -s-years . under ' forcigii 'military rule. - 'But it would bo ludicrous, to continue the comparison. : I am amazed at.ths. i hardihood thntvean assort,, I pity) the, , ignorance that enn acknowledge,' a rcscmblance i between the position of tho two. Sixty yoars iigo,- when ' law and order ' were maintained by the triangle and, gallows,' the condition of our island. might Jiaye somewhat resembled that of, tlio, : Logutions under Papal rule ; but not since- then. 'Are 'Irishmen, then, to sympathise with the Pope? aro .they to. help in -crushing .'the liberty ol the, Legations.?, » « * i * Let lio lnsli Catholic excuse, : Ills treason to tho freo -principles -in inking' part' with- the Pope, on the ground of' roligiuusr obligation. Religion litis no concern with' the question .at issuo. -iChr.stiaiiity ' asked no, Swiss', 'guards or Austrian bayonets to found it. Catholicism defied tho 'legions 'ofTiiiperial Rome. What litis a . petty Ittilian principality to do with tho stability of an 'enduring fabric..?, Men's consciences must answer — nothing. And it is cowardice, complais ance, or custom, that makes them parties- to pro ceedings in which they cannot believe, and at their complicity in which' they oughs to blush.'' Adoption of Fnui: Tit a nr. in Fuanck. — We refer with extreme pleasure to a most im portant document which appenrs in the Monitucr. It is nothing less than a letter from the Emperor Napoleon to M.Achiile Emild, Minister of Stute, announcing those approaching changes iu the commercial policy of Franco lo which wc have lately relerred on one or two occasions, and which wo were enabled more specifically to indicate iu some remarks we made on Soturday. It lias been within our knowledge for some time past t list negotiations were going forward at Paris for the purpuse of arranging certain modifications iu tho tariffs of tbe two countries, with a view to tbe ex tension of llie commerce between them, though, till preliminary obstacles were overcome, and the objcct was in a fair way for being realised, it wa3 obviously undesirable, by a premature discussion, to excite hopes, which might, after all, be disap pointed. The necessity for aacli reserve is now removed, and we may therefore state that the Emperor's letter represents the completion of au understanding between the English and French Governments on this most important subject, and that we are indebted for this result to the ener getic and unwearied services of the lion, member for Rochdale, It is unnecessary to ask whether Mr. Cobden went to Paris in a techinically official capacity ; it is sufficient to say that, to tlie best of our belief, he has been intrusted throughout with ; lie entire confidence of the Government, and that Parliament will soon be asked to sanction those alterations 111 our own tariff which may be considered the counterpart of the Emperor's letter. After the periud of excitement and anxiety which we have passed through in reference to out relations with Prance — after having been led most unwillingly to look upon war as a contingency far from improbable, — it is in every way gratifying to find so marked a change in the policy of our powerful ally ; a change which not only effaces the shadow of a probability that any rupture will occur between the two nations, but is certain lo bind them in closer bonds than ever. In resolving lo break down a prohibitive tariff, and to give his subjects lite benefit of a cheap production, the Emperor lias taken a step which will add lo the glory of his reign, aud tend to establish his power oji a firmer j basis. He is perfectly aware that French work' ] men receive far lower wages than the same classes j in England; tbat they not only receive less money I. for their labour, but have to pay a higher price for - many of the necessary articles of subsistence ; that they consume less animal food, less coffee ami sugar, are more scantily clothed, and are less comfortably housed tliau the English ar;isan. H© also knows that the bulk jf tho population ars subjected to these privations for no other reason than t'hut a comparatively small section oftke-ewn- munity may grow fat upon dishonest practices. What interest has the Emperor in serving ihe monopolists? His strength lies with t'fee masses. He feigns by virtue of their choice, omitting one or two ^unpalatable ingredients, and he eai. cer tainly make no wiser use of the power they have placed in his 'hands u'jajj by setting at defiance the iguorau-t and selfish outcries of a band of monopo- i lists who batten upon the lieggary of France, and in inaugurating an enlightened policy which, at the prtee .of a few temporary drawbacks, will tend ' to promote the permanent prosperity of the whole empire. — Manchester Examiner, Tun Dead of 1859.— Literature began tbe funeral procession «f the moutii wjih the almost simultaneous obsequies of Hallam iu England and ; of I'rescott in America. Tlese accomplisli.-d his torian', who won tbeir first golden spurs at almost the same xaoment, died witbiai one week ; and, by a .curious coincidence, this double loss which let ters were called to sustain in January, was matched at the close of tlie year by the equally contempo- ijt\ raneouE decease of Thomas De Quincey and of j Washington Lrvirag. Another conspicuous name within the restricted circle of the highest literary , culture of our times must be chronicled with these, — that of Sir .James J- ephen, Professor of Hi.-tory,. at tl-e University of Cambridge, and who had Ions exercised a sort uf csnsultive supervision over the education of the heir of the British throne. Tho world of politics has almost literally closed over tte tomb of a great statesman whose doctrines had ruled the councils of Europe for nearly 40 yeara, There is smneiliing worthy of tbe tragic musa of Greece in the close which awaited the fatally bril liant career of Prince Metternich. His every suc cess J»ad been a seeming victory over the instincts of tbe race, over the laws of progress, over tlio rights of men. And never had man been moro seemingly successful than he, alike in Court and Cabinet. Talent, personal beauty, power, fame, wealth, had all been lavished upon tiie diplomatist whose skill had shaken down, it was fancied, the whole fabric of the French Revolution. He had long passed the ordinary limits of human life, had seen one sifter another of his great contempor aries fall around him, and was reserved himself to witness at last the utter downfall of thegreat ? system ho had founded, the uprising of the Revolu tion, and even the returning ghost of the Empe ror he had chained so strongly down upon the rock in the Indian beas. The last sun o t which be looked shone down upon the battle-field of Magenta. But the triumph which France and freedom won over the deathbed of Metternich was not unalloyed. The death of Alexis de Tocque vilie robbed both of a loyal and gifted champion, who has left behind him but few in any land fully worthy to wear the mantle. I11 our own country the ranks of our public men have been less sternly swept. Two diplomatists of respectable rank Mr. .Rush of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Al ison of Vir ginia — have been taken from us, and three senators have fallen, two of whom, Messrs. Geyer and Han negan, had retired from political life. The death of the third, Mr. B.-oderick, of California, is not likely, we may hope, to be soon paralleled in our. annals, to which it has given one sal and sangui nary lesson more. One most able aud faith ful philanthropist has been removed from, his labours in the person of Horace Mann, who loved the cause of educa tion . like, }a Pestttlozzi, and toiled in it like -11 Howard. . Oilr' list -g'r'Ows- upon our hands, and we might extend it almost 'indefinitely were we to attempt 'to include in'it all tbe simply, eminent persons' wham the last New Year found in . the busy'.fi'.oiit^oi'., life, biit of whom the year which, yesterday .dawned' will have no more report to :give;to . mou.' Two crowns have boeu taken, 0110 ..from tlie, '' forehead viiU'uous law' of the hated Ferdinand of Naples, one from the lovely brow df the' gentle Stephanie of Portugal. Tlio cruel Yeli went to'his bloody account in far India, and the sweet voice of one of the world s sweetest singers, Madame liosio, was froaen into silence among tho snows of St. Petersburg. Busy and prosperous as life has been, death lias been busy and prospered too, and tlio Old Year's annual lesson lies before us to- day in -1 shape more strik ing, if not more solemn, that il always wears to our too hasty and heedless eyes. — N. Y. Times. It is stated by the Calcutta- papors of tlio 2nd January;' that: Lord' ..Clyde is '.likely to spend ano tlier year in'Iudiu. ? ' Cawnpokk.— Tlio Governor-General, 011 his arrival at Cawnpure, ordered tlie following inscrip tion - should bo written - on; the 'monument to bo erected over those murdered by tho robols : — ' This stone - marks a 'spot ' which' lay within Wheelor's . entrenchment } it oovers the remains and is sucred to the 'memory.':, !of those who were ?first t i meet-- their 'deaths when beloagurcd by mu tineers and 'rebels in 'June, 1857.' — Englishman, Deoembei' 17. ' lViniod- -mill piibiihliiid - lor tho proprietor*, John mid Tuojias Garhkt-'I'I by tlio suit! 'I iiomas Uariikit, Tiik UijAw'aiik j ; Mkrcuhy, ', 'General.;. Lei'tei' -prwnf lYiutiug OJJioe, uorii.nr. »l tlio MiirKia-icpmrf, nob iougong, liluwaiiu, Tuesday, Mutch 27, lstiO. 