THE ALLEGED WHOLESALE MURDER OF CHILDREN.— ASTOUNDING DISCLO SURES. (From the London Herald.) On Friday, at the weekly meeting of the direo torjs and guardians of St Morylebone, hold in the boardroom of tho workhouse, Marylebone-road, Mr. Charles Beevor in the chair, Dr. Buchhoffner, in accordance with notice, brought forward his motion with respect to asking the co operation of other parishes to urge the Go vernment to adopt some legislative enactment with respect to the registration of still-born chil dren. Ho remarked that sinco their laBt meeting no had obtained a vast amount of information UPOn tl)i9 HublPnt. find if. Wniliri anaMatT. Via n~nA\i nA that in this 19th century, in this Christian land, which prided itself upon ita morality and philnn thropy, there could exist such n system of whole sale child-murder as the statistics he should lay before them would develop. It was not a Biibject to be dealt with off-handed, nnd ho was glad' to find it attracting great public atfontion. Lord Shaftesbury had expressed his deep interest in it, and waa about to touch upon it in a lecture at Bradford. With regard to still-born children, as there wob no registration, it -was impossible to get at tho number in that parish, but he found that in the five years ending December, 1859, there had been 630 still-born children in that workhouse. There was, however, no registration, and until lately no record kept of how many still-born ehil. dren were interred in tho parochial burial grounds. Ho hod already eaid that of 1100 illegitimate chil dren'born in tho rectory district, 821 had been born in that house, and of that number there had been 516 deaths of illegitimate children registered during the same period, or 46 percent. In St. Mary's district; there had been registered 592. In this district Queon Charlotte's Lying-in Hos pital was situate Tho number of deaths had been 109 children, or 18 per cent. In All Souls, out of 145 illegitimate born, thero had been 87 deaths, or 53 per cent. Out of 592 illeeitimate children, nearly 400 had been born in Queen Charlotte's Hospital. In Ciiriatchureh tho case was worse : of 223 births of illegitimate children, there had been, in tho same period, 209 deaths, or 93 and 7-10ths per cent, up to tho age of three years. In St. John's, out of 184 births, there had been 129 deaths, or 98 per cent. These last two were the ' dry-nursing' districts ; and. speaking from 16 years experience as district registrar, it was a re markable fact that usually within three or four weeks of Ihe birth they were called upon to regis ter the death of the same children, the cause being mesonrerits disease, diarrhtsn, inanition, and others resulting from the iinproaer mork* of feeding or attention to the children. In Cavendish square, a moral district, tnere were 41) and 36 dentliB, or 96 per cent., tho worst of tho whole. (Hear, hear.) He thought he had shown thero was a frightful state of morality going on in the tnetro polis, if not something worse ; and a remarkable case as regarded still born children had come be. fore the rota that day. A midwife had reported that a poor married woman had given birlh to six children, every ono of whom, though full grown, had been still-born, through the kiefea of her brutal husband just before her timo of confine ment. They had done what they could to cheek the ' social evil,' but here was a social evil with a vengeance ! It must not be supposed, however, that theBe horrifying details are confined to tho metropolis. They existed in some parts of the country to a more fearful extent. Hb had the name of a little village given to him where the young girls of a surrounding district went to bo confined at tho house of an old woman. In the course of a fortnight they relurnod to their situa tions, and every child was 'still-born.' Mr. Wnkley. the coroner, was fully aware of this nnd alivo to it, and that a rystem was udopted of bringing children into the world in a way to pro vent any inflation of the lungs taking place.so that they coukl be looked upon as other than still-born children. AYus it not, therefore, titns that'the Legislature should devise some stepB to check1 these horriblo proceedings 1 It was not his (Dr. .Bachhoffner'a) province to Bay what steps i ..iivji,y first of all, he would have a penalty for burying any still born child without being duly registered, and a penalty upon the registrar if he did so with out competent authority. Secondly, with regard to midwives, who were generally an ignorant class, they should boa registered body, and no certifi cate taken without the midwife was on tho register. In all public establishments thero shculd be a book or register kept of every corpso buried. Ho regretted to find, on going to the dead-house, that the parties in charge did not look at a corpse when brought in, but that the coffin was eorewed down without knowing anything about it. 'Snake Stones.' — Sir J. E. Tennenfc says in his work on Ceylon : — 'On ono occasion, in March, 1854, a friend of mine was ridinfr, with some, civil officers of the Government, along a jungle path in the vicinity of Bintene, when they saw ono of two Tamils, who were approaching them, suddenly dart into the forest and return, holding in both hands a cobra de capello, which lie had seized by the bond and fail. He called to to his. companions for assistance to place it in their covered basket, but in doing this ho handled it so inexpertly that it seized him by the Bnger, and retained its hold for a few seconds, sis' if unable to retract its fangs. The blood flowed, and intense pain appeared to follow almost iinino diately ; but, with all expedition, the friend of the sufferer undid the waistcoat and took from it two enoke-Btones, each of the size of a small almond, intensely black, and highly polished, though cf an extremely light substance. These lie applied oko to each wound inflicted by the teeth of the serpent, to which the stones attached thomselves closely, the blood that oozed from tho bitea being rapidly imbibed by tho porous texture of tho article ap plied. Tho stones adhered tenaciously fov. threo or four minutes, the woundod man's companion iu tho meanwhile, rubbing his arm downwards from tho shoulder towards the fingers. At length tho snake stones dropped off of Hicir own acoord; the suffering appeared to have subsided ; he twisted his fingers till the joints cracked, and went on his way without concern.' An Anglo-Indian Marriage.— A.n in teresting marriage ceremony was performed at Illinois last week. The parlies were Major Cul bertson, the well-known Indian trader and agent of the American Fur Company, and Natowistaj' daughter, of the Chief of the. Blackfoot Indians.' They were married sonic seventeen years ago- ac- cording to the Indian ceremony, but being anxious that it should be performed according to civilised rites, they were again married a few days since by Father Scanden, of St. Joseph, Mo., according to the litual of the Romish Chnrch. Mrs. Culbert son is siid to be a person of fine native talent, and has been ab times a very successful mediator between the American Government and the nation to which she belongs. — Express. ITorribms Death in a Batdc. — The Neiocastle Chronicle reports that on Wednesday October 27th, a married woman, thirty, seven yearn of age, presented herself for admission to the Gallowgate baths in Newcastle, and entered one of the second class baths. When theshour of closing had arrived, the woman was found lying half in and half out of the bath, quite dead. Upon invests gation it was found that she had secreted a lemonade bottle of whiskey upon her person, and that, having partly undressed, she had seated herself upon the edge of the bath to drink its contents. Before she had completed this task, however, she had lost her balance and fallen back into tho water, and being unable to extricate herself was drowned. The de ceased was well known by her friends to bo in temperate. Police Spies at Birkkniiead. — At the Knutsford sessions, Sir Edward Cust, in com plaining of Bonding out poliocinen in plain clothes, «aid that a young man — the youngest, he thought, in tho police- force— was sent into the village of Upton, near Birkonhead, ono Sunday morning, disguised as a sailor with eomo bread and cheeso iu Ilia hand. Ho mot a man who remarked that ho had soino dry stuff to oat, and told him to go to a public housa where ho would get somo liquor. The mon in diaguieo wont to tho public-house, knocked the landlord up, got something to drink, and the landlord was, of course, summoned, The Sisters of Ciiarity.— At the meet ing. October 11th, of the Social Science Congress, Lord Brougham concluded his speech with the following tribute to the Sisters of Charity. Speak ing of the contamination of frmiles in the manu facturing districts, he said :— ' All the care of the masters will not suffice, unless they are assisted by the generous and trulv rational co- operation of women in the middle and upper classes of society, moved by pious zeal, and acline upon a wellcon sidered plpn for the good of their fellow- creatures, in by far the most important of human concerns. Tho Sisters of Charity in France bear comfort into the hospitals — they render invaluable help to the physician, in disarming disease of its pains, and iend a not superfluous aid to the pastor, in disarm ing death of its terrors. They have earned the united blessings of a people that hardly e*er agree in respect for any existing institutions — they have made their name revered by all. A worse disease than over filled the wards of hospitals — a moral plague — desolates the haunts of our-n\ost gainful industry. Let the spectacle or the report of it call into existence a sisterhood that may meet the enormous evil, to prerent which is farbetter and far easier than to cure.' The Great Eastern as an Exhibition. — Whilst the Great Eastern was lying in the Thames, off Deptford, tl'e following number of passengers disembarked at Greenwich pier: — April, 70,000; May, 100,000; June, 140,000; July 170,000 ; August, 180.000 ; and during the few days of September the vessel lay at her moorings, 95,000 : making a total of 755,000 — during a period of scarcely exceeding five months. — Builder. ?' Lofty Chimney in Glasgow. — A chim ney 468 feet high has been completed in connection with the .Crawford-street chemical works at Glas gow. The foundation extends to 14 feet under ground; and is 50 feet in external diameter. The base of the chimney at the level of the ground is 34 feet wide, and the innor diameter is there 20 feet, while the wall is 5 feet 6 inches thick, exclu sive of a coating of fire brick 1 foot G inches deep, which_ reaches up for about 50 feet on the inside. To build the cbimnev a million nnri a lialf nf hi-irkc were required, equivalent to 90 tons per square foot. The cost of putting them over each other is esti mated at about £10,000. The Globe remarks that when Spain pro poses to take possession, as it were, of a portion of the Mediterranean — to convert Ceuta from a land, ing-plnce into a stronghold and the micleus of an Africa-Spanish territory — the question assumed dimensions which no British government- can undertake to settle independent of public opinion. The Globe adds — 'The commercial classes have too great an interest in the freedom of the Straits not to make their voices heard to vindicate the right of free passage.' The Pitman and the Qdebn. — Some weeks ago a pitman, residing at Hetton-le.hole, who was an earnest student of astronomy, was in great wnnt of a good telescope to facilitate his studies. Not being in a position to procure the necessary instrument, and being at the same time a most per severing and devoted admirer of Sir Isaac Newton, he came to the determination to petition her Majesty, in the hope that his case might be taken into her gracious consideration, and accordingly laid his humble prayer at her feet. It is under stood that he had previously heard of a similar application being made and granted for a musical instrument. Armed with this precedent, and the confiding faith of a loyal subject, the poor pitman placed his petition before his beloved Sovereign. After the lapse of a short time the telescope found its way to the Hetton-lehole rea:ling room, where it is now being used by the miner in question, and the rest of the members of the institution. It is a beautifully finished brass instrument, and is shortly to receive a fitting ovation by an inaugural .mechanics' soiree. A new machine for the manufacture of bricks has lately been imported into Victoria from America, and has been erected at the Royal Brick fields, at Brunwick. The machine stands about 7 jfeet high, and is about 5 by 4 in breadth, and is worked by a couple of horse, although steam or water pow.er may be used for the same purpose. The bricks-manufactured appear to be of an excel 'lent'^deSorlpiiorv the corners 'bning well cntpand quite an perfect as any that are made by haad. The inventors of the machine are Messrs'. Sands and Cumminga. In the States it has been found that, worked by a couple of hones, from 14,000 to 18,000 bricks a-day may be turned out. Worked by steam or water-power, one-third more is made. The Algcmeine Zeitung says that a new drill has been introduced among the Austrian rifle men, fonnded on great activity and rapidity of movement, and results in a closer formation of the line. On firing, each man springs forward with a running step, but in a stooping attitude, and throws himself down on the ground to load, the man behind following his example. A brutal murder of a woman by her hus band has been enacted in the town of Wednesbury, the actor being a man named Benjamin Owen, the landlord of the Cottage Spring public-house,' and the victim, Mary Ann Owen,. his wife. Owen is about forty-Mix years of age, and had hithei to borne a fair character as a peaceable, well-disposed man. His wife was a few years younger. Owen had been at the neighbouring town of Walsall during the day, and returned not only somewhat intoxicated, but having .lost a considerable siim of money. These circumstances, especially the latter, created irritation in the poor woman's mind, not uiitinctured by jealousy, and about nine at night, following an altercation, Owen pushed his wife out :,of doors, and, going out after her, commenced beating and kieking her savagely until she dropped insensible. The neighbours sent for the police, and a medical practitioner was also promptly in attendance, but the unfortunate woman was beyond the reach ot human aid. The murderer was im mediately taken into custody, and conveyed to the lock-up, where he remains until after the inquest. He expresses deep concern for what he has done, and seems to labour under great depression of spirits. The poor woman has left one child, a little girl, seven years of age. Flogging. — At an early hour on Monday Morning, October 24th, the punishment of the lash was inflicted at Chatham, on a private of the 88th Conriaught Rangers, named Norton, who was tried by a district court-marshal for the serious offence of having struck a noncommissioned officer belonging (n tlm Klct ranri input- wllilnf in t li o nvpnntinn nf his duty,' Tho prisons! has been some years in tha service, and served with his regiment in the Crimea, for which he. wears the medal with three clasp3. He subsequently served during the whole of the 'Indian campaign, until' he was sent home to tho invalid depot at Chatham,- and on being found by the picquet whs about being taken into barracks, when he resisted with great violence, and struck the sergeailt in charge of the guard. On being brought to trial, the court-marshal adjuged him to receive 50 lashes, and to undergo 1G8 days' imprisonment at Fort Clarence. An Immoral and Dishon£8t Clergyman. The new Bedford Standard makes a sad expo sition of the clergyman who was detected in Bos ton stealing books. His name was formerly Daniel L. M'Gtedr, but he had olmngod it into Goav. He was paBtor of a Baptist church in Eochestcr, New York, and was deposed from the ministry and excommunicated from the church in December, 1845, for the crimes of fornication and lying. Ho went to Maine, joined tho MethodiBt' church on probation, removed from ono place to another, and with a forged cortiflcato got into full communion, and finally got an appointment over a nhuroli in Lynn. Subsequently tlio facts of the Rochester troubles became known, and a groat excitement was tho consuquenco in Lynn. A por tion of tho church took tho part of the- minister, and tho result was that a portion of tho members seceded and raised an indopondont church, and Gear was iu full feather ; and under the patronage and dofouoo of ilio Uev. I'uvsons Cooko, tho con gregational olereyman of the piano, Gour continued preaohing to his now society until within a very sboH time, whon this last aot camo out. The Late War. — All traces of the late war are fast disappearing. On the plains of Magenta a luxuriaus vegetation in all that meets the view. One house near the station, riddled- with shut, is slill conspicuous, and a few tumuli beside the- railway, where several hundreds are buried. A dog of African breed, which belonged to General Eapinasse, still lurks about the spot where his master shed liisliluod, and though often taken away, even to some distance, constantly relnins. During the great storm, Admiral Elliot brought the fleet together, stood off, and faced tho gale off Eddystone. Tho shipB maintained excellent order of sailing and not a- sail or rope was lost. Sentence cf death has been recorded against James Turner, aged 22, at the Contral Criminal Court, for putting sugar of lead into some beer, with intent to murder hiB wife, whom he visited with a friend, as they lived separately. A newvolume of D'Aubigne on the Re formation will shortly be published Before leaving Penrhyn Castle (Wales), the Queen left £150 to bo distributed among the servants. The Builders' Stiiike. — The number of men who had resumed their work under tho de claration up to Saturday, November 5, was 12,638. Under the shop rule 2700 were nt work. It was estimated that the number of volunteers already enrolled in Great Britain is 100,000, and that thero will shortly be a quartor of ?a million enrolled. Sir John Franklin. — The following is tho inscription on tho stone which has been erected to the memory of Sir John Franklin and his comrades, on the spot where they passed their first winter in the Arctic regions: — 'To the memory of Franklin, Orozier, Fitzjame?, and all their gallant brother officers and faithful com panions who have suffered and perished in tho cau90 of scien co and their country. This tablet is erected near tho spot where they passed their first Arctic Winter, and whence they issued forth to onnqucr ' diflicultio3 or to die. It commemorates the grief of their admiring countrymen and frionde, and tho anguish, subdued by faith, of her who has lost in tho heroic leader of the expedition the most devoted and affectionate of husbands. — 1 And as He bringeth thorn unto the haven whore they would bo.' — 1858. — This has been entrusted to be afllxed in its placo by the officers and crew of the American expedition, commanded by Lt. H. J. Ilarstein in search of Dr. Cane and his com panions.1' The Duke of Wellington on Napoleon. 4c. — Moscow, I am very sure, was burnt down by the irregularity of his (Bonaparte's) own soldiers. That pamphlet, published by tho Governor of Moscow, states what I am persuaded wa3 th« truth. If he had stopped, and had contented himself with organising Poland, and established Ponialowaki there, it had been w'ell fo'him. After tho Austrian marriage, Metternich was aont to Paris to see him, to report upon his character, and to discover whether ho meant to be quiet. His answer, ns he told me, was in three words : ' H'a is unaltered.'1 Ho had then resolved to invade RusBia. Ho would have, done better, I think, to have stood on tho defensivo (in his last campaign). Six hundred thousand mon would have gathered round him, and tho jostling of so many would have been terrible. If ho had waited for his moment, and attacked when and where he pleased, from the centre, his succea3 in ono instance might have been fatal in tho rest. — Rogers' Recollec tions. A most valuable discovery of diamonds has recently been made at the foot of tha Oural Mountain?, Russia. One specimen brought the lucky owner £60,000. There is every reason to believe, saya the account before us, that a mine of inexhaustible wealth has been discovered. One of the takers of the school census in Cincinnati, in his perambulations through the oity recently went into a domicile where he found a lady, who said she was 103 years old. On being asked whether she had any children about tlio house, she replied that she had but ono boy, who was at work in the other room, and was 81 years of age. A lady in Middletown, Conn., has reco vored by a lawsuit 35 dob. and costs from a fellow who droased himself up us a ghost, and nearly frightened her to death. A telegram received from Lloyds' stated that 45 vessels had been drivon a3horo off Hartlo pool harbour, on the night of tha late disastrous gale. The Suez Canal. — The Times says it is 'stated That Mr. Lange, the English agent of the Canal, declined the request for his presence at the audience granted by the Emperor Napoleon to M. de Lesseps and the Board of Management to that undertaking, who desire to claim the protection of his majesty against British government interference. We (United Service Gazette) have much pleasure in stating that the noble-hearted Lady Franklin has presented the steamer Fox to Captain M'Clintock, her late gallant and successful com mander, as a reward for his meritorious services. As the conference of Zurich opened on the 8th August, and closed on the 17th September, - it had lasted ten weeks. The expenditure of the plenipotentiaries and their suites at the Hotel is said to amount to above 100,000f. Tyranny of Fashion. — Madame de Genlis, in her memoirs, describes the training she underwent to fit her for Parisian society during the ast century:— ''I had two teeth pulUd outs I had whalebone stays that pinched me terribly ; my feet were imprisoned in tight shoes, with which it was impossible for me towalk; I had three or four thousand curl-papers put on my head, and, I wore, for the first time in my life, a hoop. ' In order to get rid of my country attitudes, I had an iron collar put on my neck ; and as I squinted a little at times I w»3 obliged to put on my goggles as soon us I awoke in the morning, anil these I wore four hours. I was, moreover, not a little surprised when they talked of giving mo a master to teach me, what I thought I knew already — to walk. Besides all this, I was forbidden to ruti, to leap, or to nsk questions,' A thrilling case of somnambulism oc curred in Detroit on tho night of the 25th of Sep tember. A female form was seen on the top of a building, walking to and fro, on a mirrnw ridge boar;! which covered the apex of the roof, ap proaching to the extreme ends of the board. The house was a high one, and a misstep would have been instant death. A chimney stood directly in the middle of the roof, around which she passed with ease, placing one hand upon its top, and walking down the stooping roof to get around. Once in this spectral walk she paused at the edge of the roof and looked straight ahead. The body of the walker, at times went forward in such a way that the upper portion hung over tho abyss, whilo the fingers reached out until thsre was no further reaching, and they clutched again with a quick convulsive snatch and were withdrawn. She descended through a skylight to her room, and waB found sitting on the fide of the bed, wide awake, and in a stale of mind border.ng on distraction. She had no knowledge of the occurrence, but had been awakened by the noise of her employer entering the house, and found herself standing in the middle of hor own room, in the condition described. The girl had been suffering from a bra-u fever, from which she was gradually recoverir.g. Filial Love. — A plain old gentleman went with his chaise to bring home his two sons, two young sprigs, who were soon expecting' to gra duate. \yiiile returning' they stopped at a country inn for' dinner. The landlord, struck with the dashing appearance of the two young gentlemen, made himself very officious, while lie took the old gentleman, .from his homespun appearance, to be nothing but a driver, and asked them if they wished the driver to sit at the anme table with them? ''Well, Dick,' said the younger, aside to his brother, ' as he is our father, and. it is his vehicle, and hi: will bear the expense, I think we had better let him eat with us.' ' Yes, I think so, too, under the circumstances,' he replied. ' Landlord, give him a place at the table.' Stkoncj Argument. — No cat has two tiiils. Granted. Then a cat has oneinorc tail than ho cat. True, Well, thon, we have, proved that a cat has three tails. The above- reminds us of a snarl boy, who, on his return from college, attcin ted to prove that two were equal to three. Pointing to one of a pair cf fowl* on the table, lie said, 'Is not that one?' Then pointing to the other, ' Is not th.it two? And do nut two and one make three? Whereupon the old father aaid, ' Wife, you take one, and I'll take the other, and our smart boy enn have the third for bin dinner.' A novel and extraordinary musical instru ment, called the ' calliope,' or '? steam oiuhestra,' has been performed upon for ihe flret lima in England at the Ciyaml Palace. The calliope is of American invention, and consists of a number of brass cylinders or cups acted upon by steam, the totes produced being of immense power, Stone Cutting Maciiink. — ' We have just seen in operation,' says the Journtl de VAisnc, ' aningenious machine for ciittingstones, invi nt. d by n clockmaker of Fessiemx, in this department — M. Jean Marie. This nmc'iine hews, scnpples, and carves the hardest stones with remuikable precision. The bed on which the stone to be worked is laid runs on iron rails, backwards and forwards, as may ! be required. We -av it hollowing out, although it i was very hnnl stone, a job which could occupy a man three or four days, but scarcely mure than an hour's work for the machine.' Never be influenced by external appear ances in forming your judgement of a person's worth. This is an important rule, for many a noble spirit is covered by. habiliments of poverty, while not unfrequently a showy exterior conceals a villain of the basest kind. Dean Swift said that nature had given every man a capacity of being agreeable, though not shining in company ; and, ' there are a hundred men sufficiently qualified for both, who, by a very few faults that they may correct in half an hour, are not so much as tolerable.' The world would be more happy if persons gave up more time to nn intercourse of friendship. 