WEEKLY EPITONE. FRIDAY EVENING The political circles of Brisbane have been busily engaged during the week in discussing the Land Bills introduced into the House by the Ministry, entitled, respectively, " A Bill to provide for the Alienation of Crown Lands," and " A Bill to provide for the Leasing of Crown Lands previously occupied." Both these measures are condemned for the simple reason that they do not meet the requirements of the colony. At the meeting held this evening at the School of Arts (a report of which will be found elsewhere) the defects of the principal bill were ably exposed, and there cannot be a doubt but that an irremediable injury would be inflicted upon the colony if such a measure were to be passed without amendment. The Assembly met again on Tuesday, very few of the country members being absent and went to business earnestly ; and the Council has been engaged in the delectable occupation of undoing what has been done, by proposing and carrying all sorts of amendments in bills, which are very likely not to be accepted by the Assembly. News was received by the last English mail of the death of one of our oldest and most res- pected colonists, George Farquhar Leslie, Esq., who died at Farnborough House, Hants, on the 23rd June last, of an attack of hemorrhage of the lungs. Mr. Leslie was the earliest of the pioneer settlers in this district, and took an active part in the early progress of this now flourishing colony. He was the first represent- ative of the Clarence and Darling Downs district in the New South Wales Parliament, and was one of the strongest and most zealous advocates for separation at the 30th parallel. The coach and horses recently employed by the contractor (Mr. Collins) in running the daily mail between this town and Ipswich,have been purchased by Mr. Joseph Booth, the mail contractor, for £401, who has recommenced running the vehicle on the line. A forgery has been lately discovered of a £5 note of the Australian Joint Stock Bank. The particular note we speak of was shown to us by Mr. Jackson, acountant of that bank, who will doubtless exhibit it to any one who is anxious to avoid being victimized by such a thorough " take in." The forger has adroitly changed £1 notes into '"Fivers'" by chemically extracting the "O-Nn in "One,'' and cleverly turning the " One" into " Five." The forgery is so well executed that none but a close observer would take any notice of it. The rascality will be easily detected, however, if every one will narrowly examine the notes they may have tendered to them, since it would not pay a forger to alter the myriad of "one pound's" which appear as the "ground" of the body of the note, and which are only to be made out by a vigoious exercise of the visual organs. Holding the note up to the light will also aid detection, for, wherever it may have been altered, some signs of thinness or erasure will be apparent. A melancholy, and we regret to say, fatal accident occurred on Friday last. A little girl, named Caroline Smith, and her brother Walter, a boy of 8 or 10 years of age, were playing together at "spearing." The boy had a piece of pine about l8 inches long, which was slightly pointed at one end, but not more so than the small finger of an adult person. With this he attempted to spear a target on the fence and, according to the evidence, the piece of pine, or supposed spear, rebounded, and struck the poor child in or immediately under the ear, thereby fracturing the skull and driving a portion into the brain. She was instantly carried into her parents' house, where she was promptly attended by Dr. Carman?. The wound, however, proved fatal, and the poor little sufferer expired on Sun- day morning. One of the most interesting and instructive lectures we have ever heard in our School of Arts was delivered on Monday evening, to a "crowded house," hy Sir Charles Nicholson. The subject of the lecture was the "Overland Route.' 'the scenes through which it passes being delineated in a strikin manner, ande lecturer was aided byabeautiful collection of phtographs. The worthy baronet received the hearty thanks of the audience at the end of the lecture. The eighteenth monthly meeting of Building Society, No 3, was held on Monday evening at the Police Office. About £320 were received, and twelve shares were disposed of at an average of 22 per cent interest. At the Supreme Court on Saturday last Kimboo, a Chinaman, was convicted of mur- dering Garrick Burns, on the Clifton Station, on the 24th of June last. The trial occupied the whole of that day, lasting till 5 o'clock, p.m. The jury, after a consultation of two hours, returned a verdict of guilty, with a strong re- commendation to mercy-In the case of the Queen v. Woods, for murder. Mr. Jones (bar- rister for prisoner) applied for a postponement of the trial on account of the absence of James B. Tymons, a witness for the Crown, but who, he expected, would give material evidence in favor of the prisoner. The application, on the concurrence of the Attorney General, was com- plied with-On Wednesday the Attorncy General moved for a rule nisi calling upon James H. Tymons,the absent witness in the above case, to show cause why an attachment should not be issued against him for dis- obedience, he having been served with a sub- poena on the 18th of June last, requiring him to attend at the present sittings under a penalty of £100. After some explanation the rule was granted, and made returnable on the 1st day of the fourth Term. On Wednesday evening Mr, Coote de- livered a lecture in the School of Arts on "the elements of colonial prosperity." The lecturer treated his subject in a masterly manneer, and intends publishing it in the form of a pamphlet. The third of the series of "Readings" passed off with great eclat, in the School of Arts on Tuesday evening. The following readings were given:-The President, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Coleridge's "Anoient Mari- ner," with great effect. Mr. Boyce then read one of Dickens' Carols, a ghost story. Mr. Mac- donald followed with that beautiful description of the " Night before the Battle of Waterloo," which forms part of Byron's Childe Harold. Mr Compton closed the evening's entertainment with a chapter from the Pickwick Papers, which, as usual, delighted the audience. The anniversary services in connection with the Baptist Chapel were held this week, and on Thursday evening the members and congregation 'had their tea meeting. In the evening several addresses were given. In the Municipal Council on Wednesday last the report of the Improvement committee was read, recommending that a culvert or log bridge be erected across the road in Spring Hol- low, and that the portion of Edward-street from Queen to Mary-steets should be permanently formed, and twenty feet metaled in the centre of the road. From a letter written by the Right Rev-Bishop of Brisbane, to the Rev. A. Po'son, it appears, that from the diocease of Salisbury, and from col- lections made in other towns, he had received on behalf of his special fund £6036 13s 4d., of which sums he hopes that £100 may be con- sidered as an annual subscription, to be con- tinued five years. The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge had made a liberal grant of books whilst the Society for the Propogation of the Gosspel in Foreign Parts had paid tha pas- sages of six out of seven of the clergymen who will accompany his lordship. The Bishop further states that, besides the seven clergymen, one lay reader, and three schoolmasters, another clergyman, he hopes, will shortly f'ollow him, with some others with whom he has been in com- munication. From the D. D. Gazette we learn that a man named William Pickering, while digging a post hole at Jondaryan, fell down in a state of stupor from which he never reovered. The Coroner (Dr. Armstrong) held an inquest. It appeared that the deceased had been for a long time suf- fering from disease of the heart, by which his death was occasioned . 