THE LIFE OF TBE REV. GEORGE WHITFIELD. TUB Ber. S. C. Kent delivered the seoond of a series of lectures before the Yoong Men's Christian AsBooiation, ia tbe Temperance Hall, yesterday evening, on the lira of Whitfield. The atteodaoee waa tolerably numerous. Mr. ATAXAKUEB M-ABTBUB, H.P., ooanpied the chair. The lecturer having made soma prefatory remarket went OD to say-Had he been left to himstlf hs Bhoulot not have selected so daring a theme, but he had had so alternative, ss be bad been requested by the Secretary., not ooly to de'iver a lecture bat to deliver a leoture ont George Whitfield. (Hear, hear.). The lecture was meant tor the yoong men of the Association, . to .stimulate« encourage, and benefit them. Hnmble parentage and. ohaoure birth did not prevent a life of usefulness asl manifested in the oase of George Whitfield. The (differ, eoôea of Wesley and Whitfield were over-ruled for iba good of the Church. A writer . in . tha iforth British Review had very .. successfully contrasted the eharaeter of Wesley and Whitfield. Whitfield was all power and influence. Wesley was deep and penetrating. Whitfield brought tba timber; Wes. lew built it up and made the bouse. Wesley was most: at hame when presiding over a class or a conference. Whitfield when addressing large assemblies. - Eat it wast the happiness of the age that these two great ministers of the Cospel bad lived at the same time. Their differ, eocea of opinion had nothing to do with their piety and zeal-it shewed that Christians might differ on mere accidentals and yet agree on the great cardinal pointa of doctrine. The only difference between Whitfield and Wesley was in their interpretation and not in their view of the scope and character of'the Gospel. These great and good men lived to be fully reoonctled. On one occa. sion when Whitfield was asked by a minister whether be should see Wesley in heaven, Whitfield replied that ba feared neither of-them would see him bernese Wesley would ba so near the throne. When Wesley was op. pressed with sickness Wbitfisld continued in agonising prayer for bim. Whitfield was born at tho Bell Inn, Gloucester. His father died when be waa two years old. At 16, he persuaded his mother to take bim from school to assist her io the management of ber publio house. If Whitfield could raise himself from such a lowly estate tc do glorious a position should it not encourage toe yoong men he saw before him that evening?" How many men bad been called from a life of sin to one of usefulness ; how many educated men fell into tba snare of infidelity. He trusted that if there were any such among bis audience. God might, that night, by his grace, call them to a knowledge of his truth. Whitfield bad fallen into the snares of youth, and lived.to deplore it in alter life. He got acquainted with a set ofdebanohed, abandoned, atheistical youths-be went to pnblio service only to make sport of it-oe soon made rapid progresa in the school of the devil ; bat there was in his miod an under-current of feeling tbat shewed how God bad marked him for his own. When most depraved, his conscience often made him unhappy. From obildbood be was always fond of being a clergyman ; he composed two or three sermons, .and dedicated one of them to bia elder brother. He used to read the bible at night frequently for boure, and on one occasion. was sorely pressed to examine his conscience. In bis 18th year be was admitted a servitor of Pembroke College,. Oxford. He was sbooked at tbs impiety of bis fellow-students,, and remarked the regularity of tbe life led - by the Methodists at college. . Whitfield, at first, had no olear ideas of salvation ; be was blindly seeking salvation in bis own way. One night, when lying parobed with thirst, be thought of the thirst of Jesus, and asked him- self wby he should not then' look for salvation, as bia Saviour bad done. He appealed to Christ, and Christ was henceforth a present Saviour to him.. He then oommenced to prepare himself for tbs work of the min« istry, and set about reading - the. Word' of God, laying a-ids every other book. Tbe state of his health compelled bim for a time to retire from Oxford. Snell was the fame of bis piety and talents that, at twenty-' one, the bishop of the dioaese offered to ordain bim, and dispense with the usual regulations. On Jane 20th,' 1786, he was ordained, and On tbe following Sunday preeohed bis first sermon in'his native town. (Bear« bear.) The truly good man waa the: truly great man, and in proportion to . his , goodness - woola be bis ignóranos of bis greatness. Moses alone of all Israel, wist not that bis face abone. Whitfield, like Washington, when he crossed over ts» Christ, burnt the bridge bebind bim so as to cut off all retreat. (Hear, bear.) At one time, wben Whitfield waa libelled in s publio print, he was asked why he did not vindicate himself, and replied tbat he would leave bia vindication to the great dey of judgment. (Hear bear..) When Whitfield returned to Bristol in 173S, be was told by the chancellor that clergymen should not preach in private bouses ; Whitfield replied that there were also canons wbioh prohibited clergymen from visiting tap. rooms, and yet they did so. (Hear, hear.) Notwithstand- ing tbe opposition of the obanoellor. Whitfield preaobed! in tba highways, and WSB first sensible of tbe effects of bis preaohing, by seeing the taara conrsing down the faeas of bis audience. On returning to Gloucester, ho was excluded fiom the paroobiol pulpit; nevertheless, ha went out and [preaohe'd in toe highways and by-ways. At. one time he was assaulted «nd wounded in4 bis head ; on another occasion he was nearly murdered ; on a third occasion ha was attacked in bis bed-room and severely beaten. In'Ireland he was attaokedby an infu- riated mob, and narrowly eeciped being killed. Tba truths of the Gospel, if Bimply and truthfully preached, were fit for all ages. Mm might propose to regenerate society by human means alone, but they' would fail signally fail-the Gospel alone was eqnal to the task. What was wanted was not refined spéculation - not in oamprebenBible transcendentalism-but the old-fashioned Gospel with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. Whitfield had power not only over Bolingbroke, Ches- terfield, Gsrriak, and sacb-lik» men, but over the poor colliers. One Whit-Monday, when the people bai afs-m bled to witness the various amusements and sports, he preached to them, and was grat fled at geeing that tba Word bad not fallen on barren ground. He preached three times- on tbat day; and many heard the joyful sound of salvation. This was the beginning of the Tabernacle Society-350 persona were received in ons day, and upwards of 1000 noteB. " It was bet. ter to 'wear ont tban rust ont" 'was ono of ' Whitfield's mottoes-the most diligent in. their work lasted longest. (Hear, hear.) In tbe com. pass of a single week, Whitefield often spoke for <10 sometimes for 60 hours ; never, perhaps, bad any . man sinoe the Apostolic ago preached so often. He travelled thirteen times across the Atlantic On those voyages be spent his time in preaching, prayer, instruction, and catechismal examinations. He laboured in the Apos- tolic field for 33 years ; Wesley, for CO years. On tba 20th of September, 1770, he preached bis last sermon. Oo that occasion, he lifted up his voice before he went to preach, saying that he was not weary of the work, but in tbe work. At 6 o'olock on tba following -morning ba expired. No man was more thoroughly on the way. Ha preaohed upwards of 18,000 sermons. He was in preaching what Handel was in sacred music (The Iee. tnrer concluded his remarks amid expressions of ap. pisase.) it . . Mr. G. W. AULLS, M.L.C., proposed . wot« of thanks to the lecturer. The motion was seconded by the Ber. Mr. BEAIZLET, and esr ried by acclamation. Tba Secretary announced that the next lecture would be delivered by the Bev. Mr. Ironside, on the subject af I " New Zealand; past, present, and tature." Praise and prayer ended, tba meeting dispersed. An establishment for the coinage of base money bas been discovered in one of the back streets of the Bsirro Alto, Lisbon. It appears that the money wbioh waa coined was English sovereigns and Spanish aneas. Several persons in respectable circumstances hara been charged as accomplices. A coining establishment bas been discover jd in Madrid, and another in Cadiz, both in connection with the ona in Lisbon. The base coin does sot seem to have been circulated in Portugal. 