HAPPY JACK PEftSOfTAL COMMUNICATION WITH A NEW CEUM- " WHAT is all this noise about 'divine inspiration V " " Oh ! just nothing. Only the Burster extending the sphere of its usefulness-. Hitherto it almost confined itself to correcting Hospital abuses, describing Masonic balls, and pointing out the benefits to be derived^, from that timehonored institution—the ring. But now its columns are open to all who desire to lecture their miiiister. for not being an advocate of prize-fighting." "Dear Happy Jack,, is this so?" "It is indeed. Just look at the last number of the paper, and you will see iu the second paragraph in what a gentlemanly way ' Anti-Cant' pays a delicate compliment to Ms clergyman, whose name he does not conceal. He says, '' Observer' is evidently a very.: silly person, and writing under the inspiration, of a certain divine, if indeed 'Ohserver'be not the reverend gentleman himself,' &c.; It is gratifying to think we have men,so good amongst us who can give advice to a clergyman suspected of holding anti- fighting opinions." "I read that letter, Happy, aud was delighted with it. It will be regarded by our pastor, whether he wrote 'Observer' or not, as highly- proper in a member of his congregation. How nicely ' Canti-Ant' or ' Anti- Oant' concludes his letter of advice with a maxim from Ecclesiastes,_' Be not' righteous overmuch.'"" "Oh, yes, it is very handsome, but 'Neither make thyself over, wise,'is the very , next maxim, which had he pondered over, might have suggested to his mind the possibility of '.Observer ' being a layiaan. The publio are.-much indebted to 'Ob~. server,' whoever he is, if .not for publishing his opinions, at. all events for being .the. means of unearthing the • champion of champions; whose enius ere this has.: been hid unifer.a buslifeL §aw ye ..not .that .other- divi-iidy. i mpired letter • signed 'G, Lacy?' The writer saysj_'_J!ueh controversy has been "raised on the late eliaaipidii fight. So much is" r to'be .said for: ind against the subject, that' I was loth to enter the qrena, until seeing in the Pastoral Times of the 6th iistant a letter from 'Observer." This letter ia a g^m in itsejf;: and- -there • is '^nupht deep rear soiling 'in' it." The writer's arguments are irresistible, apSMsIconcliisifeiis-cannot be disputed, f. 'Qne of the reasons he urges for fostering the ring id that 'some dozen years ago -most people agreed, that war on a large, .scale would never ofccuj- again,' hut that ' experience has taught ins during the events of the past few years, by some terrible but necessary lessons how erroneous and foolish were our ideas ; and that notwithstanding the; strenuous efforts made to civilize and elevate society, startling occurrences are daily recorded which incontestibly prove to our mortified convictions, th'at man is as savage, and woman as erring, as when Cain killed his brother, and Eve plucked the apple '" "Now, Happy, that may he a fine big sentence, but, what on earth, is the meaning of it"! what has it to do with prize-fighting ? where is the argument in its favor, aud why do you consider it so good a letter?" "Gently. One question at a time. Suppose I answer your last question • first; which .can be done by telling you what an Irishman once said to his companion:- - 'Potcheen,' said he, ' I never heard so fine a sarmon as the new praist prached to-day, for 1 declare to you I didn't understand a word he said.' For the same reason, perhaps, many of us believe'Mr. Lacy's the finest letter." "Then you did not make a mistake, Happy, in saying his was 'deep reasoning,' for it is deep, veryvery deep, indeed ; which is ' incontestibly proved to our mortified convictions' by our inability to fathom it. But I think he means that as ' startling occun'ences daily recorded' prove that man is as savage as when Cain killed his brother, there can he no objection to fighting ; and that ' efforts to elevate and civilise society' are ' erroneous and foolish,' ah, I give it up. But tell me what he meant by talking of 'old fogies' and 'sneaks?'" "Well, 'tis hard to say what he meant, or if he meant anything at all. It was, perhaps, a soliloquy, and he might have addressed these pet names to himself, whether applicable or not remains to be seen." "Now will you tell me all about the 'Adieu' which appears in the Burster? Is the writer 'a spirit of health or a goblin damned?'" "Ah me! but two short weeks ago it suddenly appeared and cautioned Happy Jack to ' beware lost he should bring down upon liimself ' raging in swift iambics' the Ghost of Horace,' and now it as suddenly takes its leave in a. dignified liufi: ! showing its dignity by its choice language. ' Alas, poor Ghost!' perhaps it ' scented the morning air ;' but whatever the cause of its sudden flight, much regret is felt on its account, as it is feared the use of that simple little word ' fanfaronade ' had to do with it." "Dear me! Happy, is it possible that a Ghost can so easily be scared away. You should have told me shortly, when I asked you about this goblin, to strike out the last three leiters of that word, to behold its character." "Like a gondola through the streets of Venice did the Ifoalr/ewanke glide through Deniliquin on Saturday last. Never did the Edward look so like the stormy ocean before. Never before did the gulf wMch divides the North from the South look more imposing or impassable. All honor to the brave Committee who are going to bridge this noble stream !" " Don't you think, Haj>py, that each belle of Deniliquin, who so heroically ventured her life in the pioneer boat, fancied herself for the time some fair Venetian—some heroine of romance ?" " Very likeli' she did; and who knows but each lady on board the fairy craft is a heroine of a Deniliquin romance ? But you shoidd not interrupt me with such nonsense while thinking up on graver subjects." "Excuse me, Happy, but I thought you were joking when you spoke about the bruli/e, - for I have hoard a great many people say, since I came hero, that the Bridge Committee was a myth." "You shoidd not mind what people say ; the Bridge Committee is an overworked body of enthusiastic pliilanthrox>ists." 