THE CHURCH AND. THE STATE, IN RELATION TO THE SCHOOL. I . .LECTURE BY DR. CAIRNS, The fourth of tho series of lectures on education now hi course of delivery* ;at. the Mechanics' In- ? t-, ? ? stitute, Melbourne, was -yesterday evening deli- ' vored by Dr. Cairns,, on the Relat'On of the ? . Church and State to the School.' Several other clergymen and gentlemen, including the Bishop '' : -? of 'Melbourne,' occupied the platform.' Miv . ? r--kU3eckett, M.L.C'., occupied the chair. Dr. Cairns, after a 'few.' prefatory remarks on ? tho subject of education generally, divided more narrowly into three parts— first, the child, - as the object of . parental .control nnd -guar- - r'- diansliip ;. second, . the child : as .an.-, infant member of the Church; and thirdly, the ' ? child as a future hiembcr of, the body politic ; : thns holdttig relations to the school, the Church, and the State. The conditions under which the ) child entered the world pointed out its parents at once protectors^ supporters, aud guides ; and for the first' part of its career they must be exclusively so. But after the lapse of a few years, this state of thuigs must become excessively inconvenient. The parent if able— and how few were able— to educate his offspring, had other and pressing duties to perform, and tho battle of life would not suffer him to devote sufficient time for the training, moral, intellectual, and , physical, which then- future career as men, and women, and Christians, demanded. Viewed in this light, the teacher stood in loco parentis ; and was called upon worthily 'to supply the place of a parent. And if the teacher in modern times was anything inferior to tho parent in earnestness and love, it was because he was tieated as a hireling and a mercenary ; and not with that respect and affection which his sacred otHce demanded. But to treat him thus was to treat him worse than the heathen of ancient times. The old Greek idea made him the bosom friend of the father, and regarded his vocation as one of love and honor. And siirely in modern times, under a better dispensation, no meaner motive should bo suffered to actuate him. Under tho Christian 'dispensation, lie should be the ser vant of God, and bis actuating spirit one of Christian lo,-e. That. was to say, he should be in the -school a representative man of the Church,-' \ and of- the religion which lie professed, and thus , '? closely allied with that potent institution, notof this .- ' ? world, which constituted the second great. power ' . in education. Devoid of this, no mean and soul- 'less secularism— no mere galvanized system 'could prevail, against tho mass of sin, error, and darkness, which filled' the' World. In times past it wns , the. ; Church of Christ that had been-; the life and .soul of all educational move ment,' and ho Ventured to say without -he slightest, fear of contradiction; that' it. had done a hundred.; times .-more for' the development' of even mere knowledge than all the' politicians of all the.coun tiies in the world .had over done, or even proposed to do. (Applause.) But though 'the Church had done much j for the cause of education single handed, it could not fully cope with the. mass of darkness and error which filled the masses. The State then; was tho great third power in education.. It was the duty of the State to ensure that its subjects should be loyal,' intelligent, virtuous, and happy ; that its people as a whole should be continually rising in the scale of civilization from a lower to a higher platform ; for in the pro gress 'of man, improvement- was without limit, and ; aspirations could know no rest. (Applauso.) It was the duty of the State to foster whatever would conduce to the highest good of each member of it, and to make him an obedient, loyal, subject, not from the fear of wrath, but from the spontaneous action ol an inborn cons cientiousness. (Applause.) This it was impos sible that he should do, except he first were rightly informed. of his duty. 'To ask him to keep laws which he knew not; was an absurdity. And to do this voluntarily, worthily, and. with dignity,; ' his moral sense and heart must , be cultivated as well. as his head, his', affections must , be directed as well as his intellect 'informed. And in a free State he must be'so instructed as to use worthily tho instruments of self-government placed in his hands. . For different countries, the measure' of education was variable as the circumstances of the nations themselves. ' The political liberty of Bri- tain demanded a very different education than the serfdom of Russia. And if no better education than these serfs received the power of uni- vcrsal suffrage, so freely accorded in this colony must end not in political freedom, but in political shipwreck. . The nature of education ho took to be threefold:— First, to communicate knowledge ; second; to -discipline the'niind; and third, to form the character. ' Not much regarded in most edu-' cational systems, character was yet all important, . and the system which disregarded it was radically defective.' , Intellectually speaking, a nature might bo great, mid yet sweltering in a hotbed of, its own depravities' which might soon exhaust- it in the most riotous dissipation,' and the utmost political profligacy. Viewed in this light religion was everything in education ;— its' charity, its faith, its assurances — nay, its fearful prepara- tion for judgment to come, ' were all indispensable in training the mind worthily to fulfil - the duties of a citizen. And if tliis. character must be formed by religion, ' and the; schoolmaster was to be the substitute of the parent in! forming.it, liow essential the coad jutQi'shlp of -the Church in securing that he. should be ah example of Christian character, as eminent for liis knowledge as for his religion, to the youth whom he was to convert from a simple child into n worthy member of the body politic. Such however was not the universal opinion. It is a modern 'theory that the teacher should be essentially as a teacher. a non-religious man, one who, in: his scholastic duties, meddled not -with the religious training, of his pupils. In his view of the matter this was a false theory, one suicidal to the State. And .indeed it was so grossly un natural- that nothing could have produced it but that revolt of educated minds against the connection of tho Church with the State, which followed on the experience of long ages passed in the most nefarious corruption and profligacy re sulting from this connection. Yet, although it might not be the duty of a State to meddle with the tenets of the Church which it supported, it was yet the duty of it to recognise the'Church of God,' and to acknowledge it- as an indisputable' fact that righteousness exalteth a^nation, whilst sin is a reproof to any people. (Applause.) That a refusal on the part of tho State to recognise the Creator, and to acknowledge his Church was ruinous to the State, was already well recognised in America. In a work by an American author, which he quoted nt ' very great length, the following sentiments were enunciated : In tho United States, so far was the principle of non-recognition carried in the Government of the country, that not even the name of God or of religion was recognised in any of the public for- mulas. The very President was sworn in by a form of oath in universal we in the States and com mencing with these words, — ' I do solemnly swear and affirm, &c.;' And there was no law to prevent even the grosser offences of Sabbath breaking and blasphemy. The name of God was expunged from the messages of the President and from public documents. The State was seques tered from religion, and the whole nation had as it were solemnly excommunicated themselves. (Applausp.) It was true there were days of Thanksgiving appointed, but these were in fact il- legal in the strict letter of the law, and at variance with the spirit of the constitution. This non recognition was defended on the ground that Government being a civil contract between the different members of the body poli tic, religion should not be imported into it. But what was the result of this ? Universal decadence and corruption. It was said that by this means the State was relieved from all sectarian bias ; but if religion was essential to the moral purity of the indivi dual, it must be essential to the moral purity of the Government, composed of these individuals. Of course in such a State men of earnest religious convictions were ipso facto excluded from political office, and the schoolmaster was not merely required to undergo no religious test, but to be in effect, a man of no religious belief ' and of no religious qualification ; and the nation was fast travelling on to secular- ism, in its daily life as in its political institutions. True it was that by law it was stipulated that the bible should not be prohibited in their public schools, but when the Romanist was at liberty to object to the use of the authorised version, the Jew to the New-Testament, and the infidel to any at all, it must become eventually a dead let ter. - Education was in fact an organic process, a building up of vital structure ; and you could no in ire build up a sane mind without moral and religious training, than you could build up a human body without a brain and nervous system. To be ' adequately nourished and broadly developed the soul must be fed with appropriate food, and the mind instructed with the good, tho beautiful and the true with something to purify the affections, elevate nnd en noble the soul, to .'transfigure and glorify it. To attempt this, and to leave out the Bible, was as if one should dry up the fountains of a river and yet expect it to flow on perennially. As a legitimate result of this system it was found that instead of men seeking the scholastic profession from motives of Christian love and charity— as a mission— they accepted it for a piece of bread ; and one of the greatest calamities which could befall a nation ivns befalling the American nation. The edu cation of their children was being poisoned at the root. The universal cry had become 'Where shall we send our children; they learn nothing. They, are become precocious, subtle, and debauched; they are prematurely men, pigmy men and women, with tho vices of manhood and only half its size and strength ; subject to premature decay.' This was a shock ing picture but it was the universal cry, aud a legitimate result of tho divorce of religion from education. (Applause.) For this long quotation he (Dr. Cairns) offered no apology, so appropriate did it seem to the present crisis in our national history, and so- well calculated to induce men to pause before they committed themselves to a system -so fruitful in bad results. Now, in opposition to this theory, they (tho lec turer and his friends) adinned that. as an organisa- tion for the good of its members provided by the Creator, the State was bound to know and recog nise its author .and his Church. Not that the State and the Church should be the same, but the State should respect' the Church, and whilst it kept intact the throne of Cæsar, should also leave intact the throne of God. In relation to the con nection of the Church and State, he laid down these axioms— 1; Eyorv nation is a unity in itself, quite independently of any considera tion as to the individuals and various nationalities ' of wliiali it is' composed. Ei :!i nation is responsible for its acts. It has, so to spsak, a conscience : is accountable for its acts : if it does wrong, it is criminal ; and if it diiss right, it is praiseworthy : it is bound by treaties, quite independently of the opinions which individuals may hold in relation to its acts and treaties. 2. Gorl, who lias created nations, treats them as families, and awards to them prosperity or punishment, amply proved in the decline and fall of certain nations, t. A nation may be Chris tian, although many of its members are not so ; and it may be Protestant, although many of its individuals are not Protestant ; and a nation that is Protestant in its majority should be very distinctly marked by its acts from one that is 'Catholic in its majority. From these ''first principles' he deduced as corol laries — i. The will of a nation well ascertained and expressed in a constitutional manner — whe- ther democratic or tyrannical matters not ; Napo leon's will being as 'much a national display, for which the nation is held accountable, as the acts of a British Parliament. 2. A nation must adapt its policy, foreign nnd domestic, its laws and jurisprudence, to the revelation of God's will ; and this notwithstanding whatever individuals may think and feel on the subject. 3. A nation Protestant in its majority must govern in ac cordance with its Protestantism, notwithstanding the objections of tho Pope and his adherents. 4\. Subjects who object to the will of the majority are entitled, themselves and their children, to all tho advantages, secular und religious, which tho State can bestow on them, and they can accept; to have their religion tolerated, if it be not in tolerable ; but in no way to dictate to the nation, or prevent its bestowing all the advantages, re ligious or otherwise, on tho general moss of its subjects which they are willing to maintain nnd to ' receive. Otherwise the minority rules the majority, which is tyrannical; and the few trample on the many, which is illogical, whether the tyrant be many- hoaded or single. After dilating on these several propositions at length, and illustrating them with various similes, Dr. Cairns reviewed tho various modes in which a State might support religion in connection with schools. 1. By identifying itself with one par ticular Church, as in' Scotland in times past, ?whose 'school system had produced fruits tho glory of Scotland and the admiration of tho world. 2\. By assisting all equally, as in the Denomina tional system, in eulogy of which he read Dr. Chalmers' letter to Cunningham. And 3. By ignoring all connection with tho Church, aud simply permitting each Church free acccss to its own pupils, and facility and assistance in teaching; which last system' lie vehemently opposed as the introduction of secularism, which afforded nothing but spiritual starvation, and must 1 of necessity lead to the entire exclusion of the Bible from the school, an insult alike to the Creator and the Redeemer of a Christian nation. Finally, he reviewed the Education Bill recently ' intro duced and mutilated' in the Legislative Council as now an embodiment of that system, and with its cighteen-lieadod board of vorious denomina tions, an impracticable unworkable speculation ; as a miserable attempt to shift their responsibi lity in framing an Act into the hands of a board which would ' then have to meet the question which the Council has shelved ; as a Gordian knot which being unable to untie they had cut ; and as a frightened attempt to cscapc the ghost of the Catholic priest, which haunted them in all they did, until they to avoid it were compelled to treat all clergymen as priests, exclude them from electing both schoolmasters and members of managing school committees, and class them as ineligible, together with abject persons unable to read and write, and convicted criminals ; and therefore a bill which should never be permitted to bc-come law. The conclusion ol' the lecture w.n received with much applause, and Pn the motion of the Right Rev. Dr. Pr.nnv, Bishop of Melbourne, in an address of some length, seconded by Mr. .lattice Puklm.w, a vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer. ?A vote of thanes was passed to the Chairman, and The meeting leriuinated. The lecture occupied nciuly two hours in delivery. 