EXTRAORDINARY DECIMIONS OF THE INFERIOR COURTS OF AUSTRALIA. I 2b the Äfftor» of the Maitland Mercury. | Gentlemen-On reading over the deoision of the Police Coures in this distriot, as reported in your journal, for the latt few dava, on« is perfectly stag- gered at the (lifteront punishments awarded for the hame offences; and his bewilderment is rendered all the mor« perplexing when he reflects upon the simple and easy nature of the duties of the presiding justices in arriving at a correct und uniform décision in all cases of tho aamo nature. <'l course being repeatedly oharged with, and found guilty of, tho sumo oflence aggravates the crime, and as a neoesBary conaequenoe inoreaaes the punishment. I don't think any ghost need como from the grave to tell our magistrates this; hut some agency, whether spiritual or terrestrial, should tell them-and that trumpot-tougued-that when n bruta} cowardly ruffian, without the slightest provocation, knooks down an in otfeiiBive woman, whom be n 'ver saw betöre, and dislo- cates her shoulder-a dM. <uiion of so complete a na- ture thal, according to Dr. l.i Mell, tho blow must bave boen of tho most violent iloscripiion-I say that some agency should teach thom th.a a £5 fino tor auch an infa- mous, dastardly outrage, wus u pat i.dy, a mockery, andan unexampled insult toevory prinoipleof justioe. I ask the colony at largo whether or not they belivo that there ure mon Bullering three years' penal servitude at tho present time for a much less offence t or whether thoy think that three years would be equal to the deserts of this hero, who signalized himself by tho moat wanton and oruelly brutal uBsault upon a weak inoffensive woman ? Let any man put bis sister, wife, or mother in tho posi- tion of this poor woman, and then let him answer the above question. I recollect well of threo sailors belong- ing to tbo " Spéculant," gutting two or three years for a comparatively trifling imiault upon a constable at Newcastle. We also saw tho other day a man lind £S for a bit of skirmish at thu Hinton punt, resulting in a trifling blaok eye to one of tbe beligerents. And a few days after, another candidate for warlike honors reoeived one month's imprisonment in Maitland palaoo, for being drunk and only tearing the trousers off a constable. Those are certainly in thomsolvos very grave offences ; but when compared with the diabolical assault reported in your to-day's issue, do i hey not almost appear virtuos ; and still, with onoexoopt¡un,'they are puuiahed ten times more severely. Where I was born and bred, to lift a hand to a woman was universally considered the basest act that man, in all hisdisents, oould deBcoud to; and suoh a cine-n moat extraordii.ary one-as 1 have bisen commenting upon would b>ivo received suoh n punishment ns would have for ever arrested the cowurdh mm from a irai u perpetrating Buch on iniquity. -J am, ¿milkmen, yoursro"spoolfully, I DAVID UUCHAlNAö. Seaham, 28th August, 1 Still. 