HUNTING. GOOD H'5J*Sf WITH X1IE GEEI.OSC l'ACU, DKAn Bell,— Having been detained in tieolong longer than I expected, it was impossible to resist tho ten.pta tion of a run witli the WcBtcrn hounds on Saturday last. The meet was at Captain Longden's, about ten miles from town, and near tho Wallington fixture for tho lalo 'joint fiold dny.' The reason for selecting this country was tho report of a wild dog having been do ing a brush, independent of tho gratification it was known that a kill would bo to tho settlers, induced a muster of somo of tho best mounted men in tho club. Soon after nino o'clock, tho new lion, huntsman,. Mr. Harry Howell, sounded tho call ' to horse,' and wo jogged away to Lake Conncmara, round tho edgos of which it was deemed most probable to find the varmint in his lair. For moro than an hour wo searched about ? in tho sedge covers, but could find no vestige of tho brute, and as all the paddocks wero Wiro fenced, and therefore next door to impracticable, it was considered wise to f.ivo up tho prospectof a dingo hunt. Accordingly, tho venue was changod to Williamson's paddock, hitherto always a cer tainty, and a long ride of some eight miles across the bush brought us to tho desired spot. No sooner wero the hounds thrown forward than thoy began to feather, and it was evident gamo had been afoot during the night or early morning ; but, try as they would, no chal lenge was given. A tedious time was passed in drawing the most likely paddocks, and many disappointments wo suffered, till at last all despaired of any fun, except such as was obtained by jumping several, rather ugly brush fences. At last, word went round tho field that a run was sure, as a real dingo had either been found in or brought to a neighbouring pad dock. Whichever it was, nobody cared, all hands being eager for n burst ; and away wo stcerod for tho indicated spot On reaching tho road, an old friend was found in his buggy, and with true hospitality ho shared with the field inch lunch as he had brought with him. On our appetites being appeased, or rather the trotters boing finished, we leaped out of the road, and tho pack wcroat onco laid on. Lord I didn't they open in a brace of shakes, and dash away na iC to secure a feed after a fortnight's kennel starvation ! There was no timo to pick places or to apologise for oven jostling ono's banker, to? tho pace was first rato in nn instant, and tho country so closo that the fences seemed to spring up llkomuslmoms. Crash went tho top timber on ono side, nnd heels over head went riders on the other ii.'e, but tho thing was too good from the stnrt for iny one to mnko apologies, pick up tho pieces, or offer assistance. Nuvor, in tho writer's colonial experienco, line he ridden a lino so much liko English enclosures, for tho fields were only somo half-dozen acres, and ploughed laud and green crops hnd to bo gone straight through, deaoito the curses and threats of their cultivators, if any desiro was felt to keep tho screaming pack in sight. In fact, n more thorough neck or-nothiug go, at stceplo cha3O pace, was novorrealised in tho colony, and although it lasted but about fivo miles, it was worth having blank days for a month, nnd travelling a hundred miles to share in.' Evory man lodo well in tho small field that followed, nnd whon the dingo, who was at view tho last mile, ran Into some Iog3 for refuse, a scoro.of exhilarated horso men wero closo to tho hounds. To havo destroyed so promising a qu»rry would havo spoiled tho chanco of a fiituro good run, so tho eager pack wero therefore whipped off, and the warrigal pulled out, the task being by no means n R.ifo one, as ho snapped furiously. Amongst tho3o up nt tho tnko must bo mentioned the Mayor of Geelong, who, mounted on tho famous old Chanco, mado his first appearance in tho hunting field, and rode ' like a brick' throughout. A long journoy of over twenty miles brought us back to town by dark, ami much woro tha unfortunates pitiod who had not shared in tho joys of thfjl truly ' fast thing.' XIMUOD'3 UHOST. 