Ivrail ti <©fraerail ©i&lMfiWia.; LAMBING FLAT -DIGGINGS. from .a correspondent. November 5th. — There being so many contradictory reports about these diggings, it is desirable, especially to -the digging population at a distance, to have some reliable information as to what the place really is, and whether it exhibits indica tions of being, eventually, an extensive and payable gold-field. Of course, you are aware of my being neither a .store keeper, butcher, nor private publican, nor anything having a breeches-pocket interest in multitudes being inveigled here. I am simply a digger — one of themselves — in which -capacity I am better fitted perhaps to enter into . detail and to pre vent -those misapprehensions -which a. superficial account rarely fails to effect. I have read your "trip to the Lambing, Flat diggings" — a tolerably correct ac count .as far as it went, .and as much as could be expected from your very short stay among -us. „ The more fortunate portion of the diggers, however, got more than their share of your notice, little being remarked of their less lucky neigh bours, .who,. numerically, form -no mean comparison with the hit- tites. If I mis take not, you visited the diggings on a Saturday — the digger's' -chief washing- day : hence your principal information from the cradle. It so happens, however, that many have not got cradles, and what is worse, nothing worth rocking — a chapter. in gold-digging. history. not confined par ticularly to the Lambing Flat'.' '' There being, therefore, two distinct classes of diggers — the lucky and the un lucky — and whose opinionsof the diggings, naturally, will be dissimilar, it may not be uuinteresting-to the unitiated in -gold- field society to .take .a passing scan at both. The lucky digger is easily charac terised. He sinks a shaft — finds payable ground, where I will leave hiat'-until it is worked out. In the- meantime, his opinions of the diggings are excellent. The unlucky one, on the other hand, un fortunately for my limited powers of description, has so many phases— -the genus is so varied, and its want of success owing to circumstances so many — that an attempt to describe it would be to occupy- all the columns of the Courier for a month. . A glance at a -few of these unlucky diggers may suffice. Sam Sloth is constitutionally lazy, and his mates, if afflicted with Sara's complaint,' will form \- - no bad sample of .an unsuccessful digging party, Walter Wait-a- while . does not niii'nl sinking a' shaft, if 'his neighbour strikes the "lead." Walter is one'of a numerous species called, in digging phrase ology, "shepherds" — the especial nuisance to the practical digger. It is foremost in the new " rushes," each individual mark ing out groutbdin different places? and (as their name betohaL) watch and wait for others to sink. These, of all others, are the greatest barriers to good ground being properly tried. The few who sink a shaft may, and often do, miss the lead, occa sioning the place.to.be .abaudotied,. while had the -shepherded ground, which gene rally forms the greatest part , been tried, in all likelihood a very different result would have followed. I speak not from opinion only. In a space of ground here, forty feet square. I have bottomed six blanks, and struck the "lead" in the seventh trial. ' So much for perseverance and -faith, aud so much again (on the other hand) for acres of shepherded claims, pronounced worthless because a few straggling shafts at wide distances happened'- to be "shicers." A clause in the gold-field regulations is much wanted to bear upon -these indolent .dog-in-the- manger. shepherds." Ben Bobless ar rives- on the diggings without -a shilling in his possession. It requires no ghost, to foretell Bob's career. Ben must beg, borrow, steal, or starve, or otherwise ' become "Ben- Bolt." Larry Lush" classes among the rum customers, who, although preferring a wet claim, manages somehow to be continually dry. Larry is in luck's wa sometimes, hut oftener not. Frank Fixless cannot make up his mind to dig in any particular spot, and saunters about for several days together, looking at other people. I have known several of this class,- who during their stay at the dig gings never attempted to turn over a spadeful of -soil, return abusing the district as being no gold-field at all. Christopher Credulous believes every extravagant re port he hears about "some one making a fortune. in a distant gully, and occupies much of his time, in company with Harry Hunt-him-up, scouring the .country in search of " mares' nests." Horatio Hogskin-seat was bred to believe that hard work was the prerogative of the low and vulgar only ; his value, when esti mated by Horatio, is immensity itself. Before his arrival on Lambing Flat (the first diggings he lias seen), Horatio en tertained the .long exploded 'notion that searching for -gold was a genteel recrea tion — finds -he— has made or.e mistake during his life, and emphatically denounces the Lambing Flat as a " denfid swindle." Sam Scratcher never digs twice in one place, and is ever on the move, until he finds himself at home, demonstrating -to his mother by a milk-dish how to pan dirt. Solomon Snooks comes with his head plastered with geological notions. Mind you, Solomon has dabbled in the science, and keeps his maiden aunt in prodigious awe and admiration at his depths in strata. He quotes and_even -criticises Clarke, and holds alluvial diggers in supreme contempt. Solomon's perpetual companion is a small hammer, by which he chips quartz or other hard substances of gold-containing notoriety, resulting in his returning a poorer and not much wiser man. Luke Luckless — the most to be pitied of all the .unlucky ; a plodding, hard-working fellow is Luke — often wrong-headed in his ideas of " likely places," but. persevering-withal. Some how, Luke's luck has deserted him. Fortunately, the Lukes are few in num- ,ber, and as this part of the country gets developed (to my thinking) they will, entirely disappear. Now, these form but a small part of the genus. Can it be expected, then, is it to be wondered at — so many wrong men in the wrong place not succeeding, where determination and unslacking per severance only, added perhaps to_ some judgment, will ensure success? In any business or profession the same law pre vails. .You will now have in part (not forgetting interesting parties' exaggerated accounts) a key to the conflicting reports of these diggings. Now for a little news about what is doing here.. I may- say the diggings .have only commenced. The main creek is at last " struck," surpassing in richness any thing hitherto touched upon. The sink ing .varies from 20 to 50 feet, and the water a little troublesome at the point tried, involving in some instances greater expense in slabbing, &c.;, but the extra amount of wash dirt more than compen sates. It varies in thickness from six inches to two feet, and in one case, I am told by one of the party, it is six feet. The yields are from 1 Uwt. to (in one or two instances) l oz..of gold to the tub of four large buckets of. dirt. Reports speak of still higher yields, but I cannot vouch for .their correctness. As in every1 " strike" of the kind, there have been many blanks sunk— a circumstance and its cause every practical digger knows. A "lead" has but a limited width. The outsiders must in consequence try again. Pumps are being applied with success, which will open a new branch of industry. It can only now he an opinion among the stubborn and stupid, that the Lambing Flat will be no permanent diggings. Its. character is how being proved, -though slowly, and it is what I have always thought and said of it.. On the . main creeks generally depend the stability, regularity, and quantity of the -precious metai. Lambing Flat, then, in this respect, indicates -to be no exception. In the smaller tributaries things remain much as usual, unless that the population inclines to a .removal to the main creek. In these smaller creeks or gullies the gold is move 'scattered and patchy, and they have less washing dirt ; therefore. I would recommend parties, bona fide dig gers, coming here (and I hear of many on their way) to try the points (or anywhere they best fancy) of the main creek, which, if well tried, will, I am confident, repay th era -amply for their trouble. Then, and I think it will he done, Lambing Flat, before summer is over, will make a noise of a very different character to what the croaking prophets portend. As it is, if I may be allowed to judge by the quantities of. gold sold yesterday, (Saturday) many are doing moderately well. My letter being for the information of gold diggers chiefly, I hope they -will keep in view \- that these diggings are only just: opened, and . progressing though slowly, yet favourably — they are not as yet of k fortune-making character hence the dis appointments of'gold-by- tbe-.pound-weight expectants 'ca'used . by exaggerators. .' It may he observed from what I have already i written, 'that there is only a very limited 1 space 'tried, and that new comers, if coining in multitudinous force, must pay their respects to untried ground. The main creek in one point (all taken up)has' proved itselt sterling. There are scores of such points,' more fanciful to the ex- pierienced digger than it, over miles and miles of winding, leading spurs of the main ranges of mountains; and it will take more cogent arguments than theory, even lrom " Solomon Snooks,"' to make- ' me believe these are not us good, if not better, than the one happened to be tried. Besides, there are other main creeks equally promising. Were due encourage ment of ground allowed me, 1 entertain conceit enough to surprise the greatest sceptic of the merits of this new -field. By-the-bye. you make an ugly mistake in describing this place us badly watered' — a mistake yoti must have observed had ' your time here been more protracted. It happens to be the very opposite. Ex cepting at the head of Chance Gully, water is too abundant. In all of the tried gullies there is an under current of water, which I fear a dry summer even will do little to decrease. From some claims being subject to a continual -bail, I think springs must be the source. For instance, from what does Spring Creek derive its name ? A party of seven tried to bottom it at a shallow part and were defeated by water ! Compared to Tarn- baroora, Burrandong, Muckenva, Bingera, and many other diggings, this is a delight fully watered country. To all appearance, Lambing Flat is a summer's diggings. T. ' have been nearly three months' at" work here, and, during that time have bad. suf- ficient water for every purpose on our own ground, and I am by no means an excep tion. Were you to speculate in a claim on the main creek, or even in some parts of the smaller ones, I guess it would require all your "devils" enveloped in blotting paper to keep the shaft dry. There are several observations! should like to add, but I find my letter is getting too lengthy, and perhaps, to you, tire- " some. I shall wind up with a grumble respecting the great inconvenience we are subject to respecting the receiving, or rather non-receiving of our letters. Surely we number enough to receive some con sideration in this respect. Six weeks, and longer, a letter sometimes takes in travel ling from 50 to 100 miles, and some of older date have not come at all,... I may mention in conclusion, and by way of postcript, that the quartz reef is worked out. It formed towards the bottom lik& a wedge until it disappeared. The following letter, addressed to the Editor, appears in Monday's Empire: — " Thinking any little news from here will be acceptable, I send you a few lines. We had acommisioner here yesterday — I suppose to report to the Government. I she uld think they would soon station one here, and there cannot lie a doubt about it being a payable gold-field, and with some two or three thousand people here, and nearly every other place a grog shop, you may depend it is wanted. The people on the Lambing Flat Cveek are doing pretty well. The sinking varies from teii to twenty feet, and some of it very wet and difficult ground to work, it being so. loose that it requires slabbing quite close. .Chance Gully is worked out, which causes people to go prospecting, and there haver-been several rushes of late. Spring Creek is the principal. I dare say there is nearly a thousand people located there, and most, I believe, are doing very well. There is another place called Stony Creek, about eight miles from here, where a great many are doing very well. There liave been two or three other rushes, of which I cannot give you any particulars, as they are some distance off; the furthest, I believe, is twenty-live miles. — II. IIo- ldsworth, Lambing Flat, October 8th." ' 