A SHORT TRIP TO THE DOWNS AND BACK. (Continued.— Communicated.) There is one peculiar characteristic of Australian poultry which has not hitherto received due notice at the hands of naturalists. The English song runs that "Chanticleer proclaims the dawn", "heralds the the gardener wild", and upon relocation to the Antipodes either is bewildered at finding his feet pointing to where his head, or rather the heads of his ancestors; used to point; or follows the example of nine-tenths of the nobler human bipeds who land on these shores, and betakes himself to 'nobblers'. Nothing short of this can acconnt for the recklessness with which Australian chanticleers proclaim the dawn at all hours of the pitchy night. Fancy the position of a worn-out traveler who, on retiring to rest, might incautiously direct a newly-arrived boots or ostler to call him at cock-crow! He might as well not go to bed at all, for he would stand a chance of being awakened every ten minutes. I found that the Drayton Gallae were in no degree behind their compatriots, and was chorused, or rather cock-a-doodled, from midnight until sunrise. I may here remark that there was a grilled fowl for breakfast, and that I ate it with a grim feeling of revengeful satisfaction. On inquiring the road to Toowoomba, better known as the Swamp, I was informed that there were three roads, the north, the middle, and the lower roads, all, however, leading direct to the moist township. I left the matter of choice to my horse, and giving a farewell wink to my bovine friend as he swung on his lofty perch, and receiving in return a sort or good- bye croak from him of the horns, I set off at a hard-gallop over a tolerable road, until I was pulled up by the most woe-begone, neglected, and dilapidated graveyard one can well conceive, even in the bush. There was no enclosure around it. The graves were, in many instances, unprotected from the inroads of horses and cattle; and, as might be expected, were trampled down so as to be nearly indistinguishable. Here and there a bare spot, as yet uncovered by vegetation, denoted the resting place of some unrecorded one, but mound there was none. Two men were working at a grave, and from them I learnt that this was the burial ground of Drayton and Toowoomba. Surely, the good folks of these townships might save sufficient, by begrudging themselves a few extra balls, ribbons, dresses, bonnets, nobblers, and cigars, to put a decent barrier around the spot where not only those nearest and dearest to them, but they themselves, may be laid ere another sun goes down. The ground is subdivided into no less than eight sections to accommodate, I suppose, more, Episcopalians, Catholics, Wesleyans, Independents, Baptists, Jews, Pagans - but that only makes seven: so I conclude the eighth is reserved whereon to build a mausoleum over the last of the calabashes. I passed through some mile-and-a-half of fencing before I caught sight of Toowoomba, and paused in descending the last ridge to have a good peep at this village of racketing and bickering notoriety. At the first glance it reminded me of some juvenile ??????????? of which are emancipated from lead- ing strings, I had assisted, and at which the largest tray the footman could produce was thinly sprinkled with dolls' cups and saucers. "Do the neighbours visit one another on foot?" was my first ejaculation as I strove vainly to detect any two houses within a Christian distance of each other. Before me lay a wilderness of bleached logs, and through them the road, graced by a wooden shanty or two, wound its way. I was directed to a saffron- lined house on my left hand as the nearest public but I had seen a little of jaundice in foreign climes, and could not stomach the colour, so I held on, passed some small doors resplendent in quart and pint pots, and the sideboards of which had evidently done service at recent archery meeting, until the odours of baubles and the perspective of a pond of mud brought me to a halt. I must have missed the road. way. "Pray, Sir, said I to a passer-by, am I on the right track ?" "All right ; over the bridge there"; "Bridge, where?"; "There, right in front of you"; "What in that mud"; "Yes, in that mud". Pleasant this, thought I, as I urged my nag to the tempting pool, and endeavoured to fathom where the bridge began and where it ended. Croak, croak, went an old frog, — slip, slip went the nag; Then, stumbling and staggering over the hidden culture, I managed to reach the other side in safety. After all, the mud turned out to be only fourteen inches deep on the bridge; a week past, I was assured that it had been up to the top. Greatly rejoiced to find myself on the right side of the borough of Despond, I stuck in the 'Brammagems.' I cantered up to the door of the "Skipper's Arms". A ready ostler took charge of the old horse; a civil waiter jerked off my valise; and a lady, whose smiles and dimples would have made up for all other shortcomings, gave orders to put the gentleman in No. 3. My ablutions per- formed. I wandered on to the verandah, and scraped acquaintance with the landlord, a much-travelled man of infinite worldly experience, whose former doing I was, for some time, fairly puzzled to con jecture. First he spoke of sunny cowslipped meads, anon of Kentish cherry cheeked hop pickers; then of dark-eyed beauties in the Carribeu Islands, and drinking goblets made from the skulls of slain warriors, so that I was fairly driven distracted as to whether my friend was a farmer with a nautical mania, or a smuggler with a taste for botany, until I caught sight of a flag-staff rigged true sailor-fashion, and knew him for a tar. He intro- duced me to two monkeys chained to the verandah, and assured me that they stood a remarkably good chance at the forthcoming election for aldermen ; proposed a nobbler, to which I assented; and then asked me "if I had seen the place over the way?" I then perceived, for the first time, an extraordinary looking building directly opposite ''The Skipper's Arms,' and taking the nautical and facetious cha- racter of mine host into consideration, came to the conclusion that it was meant as a model of the ark in which the late Mr. Noah put to sea. An inspec- tion of the interior rather confirmed this opinion than otherwise; but, on my venturing to suggest that there was no mention of skittles or nine pins in the cargo of that patriarchal blue-jacket, I was in- formed that I was now in "The Argyle Rooms," the finest ball-room in Queensland. This being con- firmed by the most dapper and gracious of commis sion-agents, and furthermore backed by an artist in leather - whom any country manager, in search of a. hand for the 'sentimental lover' business, would have jumped at without hearing him open his mouth — I was fain to apologise, and suggested a "shake in the hat" by way of changing the subject; so back to "The Skipper's Arms" we went, and then I an- nounced my intention of making a tour of the town. I was assured that, as an utter stranger, such a proceeding, unless, undertaken in concert with a horse and guide, would be fraught with peril. I gave in, of course, not being without my own mis-givinigs on the subject ; and presently formed one of a pro- cession of two, my mentor being a young native, bare-legged and sandy-haired, perched on top of, an old draught-mare. I was first shown two large public-houses immediately behind my chum the Cap- tain's. Rather amazed at the apparent rashness' of such a speculation, I enquired of my guide whether the three public-houses already established had more business than they could manage? His answer was short and pithy; consisting in fact of only one word, and that word was "Walker!" After a pause be re- sumed - the biggest of them houses is being put up by Watts the member." "Why, what can an M.P. want with a public?" To this, Tommy only replied by a wink of such audacious slyness that I tipped him a sixpence on the spot. I was then shown a cricket ground, with a ditch in the centre, flanked by a morass and a deserted well ; a pleasing variety for fielders, on a hot day, who may feel in- clined to refresh themselves by an occasional dip. Next, a very creditable lock-up ; and so round till we reached the Scotch Church, where "they ain't got no Scots." according to Tommy. Bless my soul ! why an enterpising storekeeper should at once in- vest in campspots, and let them out at so much a sermon. Through some ridges, many buildings going on ("More Germans," according to my guide), past the Sovereign Hotel, an imposing though slightly Chinese looking structure, the landlord smoking in a fog to heighten the effect; down the main street studded with houses at dreary intervals - 'That's Taylor's opposite,' quoth Tommy. 'Who may he be?" "Him as they calls Pumpkin." "Ha, ha! a great agriculturalist, no doubt;" and behold, I am once more at "The Skipper's Arms." "Like to see anymore of of the town. Sir?" "Thank you, after luncheon, and provided with a fresh horse, I may have another sally." However, I do not believe that digestion is promoted by exercise immediately after a 'tightener,' so took to the sofa and my dhudeen. and lay musing for some time over the extraordinary manner in which this township is laid out, houses being apparently dabbed down at random on either side of two swamps, and on a sandy hill which di- vides them. Had it sprung into existence under the auspices of the Peace Society, there would have been nothing to wonder at, for the most irascible of his or her sex would have time for reflection before the do- micile of the offender could be reached, even were the conflicting parties next-door neighbours ; but con- trasting the straggling hamlet I had just perambu lated with compact little Warwick, I formed my opinion pretty quickly as to the relative advisability of the two-acre and quarter-acre allotments. I think I must have dropped asleep somewhere about this time, for there occurs a hiatus in my memory, only relieved by one 'gin hot,' which extends to the announcement of dinner on the table and what a very good dinner it was, and some of Toowoombian swells dropping in afterwards. I pricked up my ears, and was on the qui vive for local news. I found, however, that the Bi-Swampian mind was wholly engrossed by one subject, and after some desultory remarks as to the coming assizes, a gentleman turned to me, and gravely en- quired whether the municipal elections in Too- woomba excited much interest "down below, in Ipswich and Brisbane." "Intense." I replied, re- solved not to be beat, "but even more in Sydney." "Ah, you'll see some fun, sir, if you're here then". "Sorry my avocations won't permit of my stay." I am firmly of opinion that had I lugged in the Mel- bournites as being on the tip-toe of expectation, the worthy Swampers would have evinced no surprise. It was passing pleasant and truly edifying to note the grave and solemn manner in which these worthies held diran, and smoked, and nipped, and discussed the momentous event now looming on the horizon of their hitherto unruffled existence. Not but that tlere was as much acrimony and objectless partizanship as may be seen in full fledged communities, - every whit as much ; but the ludicrous gravity with which the respective merits of the candidate's were discussed would, had a short- hand writer been present have afforded sufficient pabulum to start a local "Punch." Some irreverent townsman had been writing in the local journal under the nom de plume of "The Mouse in the Cup- board," and the wrath of some of those then and there assembled more especially one good-looking portly gentleman evidently not intended by nature to quarrel with anything mundane save bad fare, was awful to behold. Muttered hints as to a "horse- pond" "stock-whip," &c;, fell at intervals on the ear, but died gradually away, like distant thunder, in a cadence of growls as the 'nobblers' and 'baccy' assurted their soothing influence. So the evening wore on and when the hands of my dial pointed to "high 12," I betook myself to my lawful rest, but the parttion being thin, went to sleep with a confused murmur of - "He's got no chance ;" "Ah, hell be mayor!" "Groom be d------d!" "Blow Peter Gentle!" "McCarthy's the man;" "What do you say to old Chips?" until I dreamed that the municipalitv had voted their first years revenue for the importa- tion of a team of elephants to drag the town into something like shape, and contracted for a gross of steel traps, baited with toasted cheese, for the especial behoof off "The Mouse in the Cupboard." I am not given to dreaming, at least about mice, but the prominent position occupied by a Welsh-rabbit in my bill next morning, and of which I have not the slightest recollection of partaking, probably on account of the smoke, may in some measure account for my beguiled slumbers. I thought the Drayton cocks were bad enough but there they confine themselves to their own billets; whereas in Toowoomba their favourite anthems are given out, for the most part, either under the flooring of your bedroom, or on the sill of your window. So, I turned out early, breakfasted, and after a flying visit to what I thought to be a bowling alley, but which turned out to be a tunnel-shaped store, made for the range where I encountered a veritable "pike". I cannot trust myself with a description of the hideous country which characterises the ride from Drayton to Ipswich, so avoid details with a shudder, merely remarking that the inns on the road are well conducted, and leave the traveller little excuse for grumbling. Once more ensconced in Limestone, and the con- gratulations of my friends on my safe return fairly over, it was curious to recall the golden anticipa- tions of my Toowoomba acquaintences, and contrast them with the awful denunciations of everything municipal which now met my ear. I saw, with sorrow, our poor Mayor gliding sorrowfully about pale with anxiety, the ghost of his former jolly self, and on passing a shop where a set of sparring gloves were exposed for sale, had half a mind to invest in them, for the speedier agjustment of their little differ- ences. Home will ever be home, but hugely did I enjoy my trip to the Downs, and may repeat it, wife and weather permitting, in which case i shall avail myself of many kind invitations, couched in the laconic "Don't pass my station". Indeed, I am advised to do so by a friend "frae the far north", upon whose judgement in matters edible and potable I can most implicitly rely; and who states that the hospitality he received some years back when on a similar tour, reminded him of the criterion of hos- pitality among the old scotish lairds, and which he informs me consisted of an anker of whiskey always on the spigot, a boiler of hot water, with two servants to keep up the fire, and a cask of sugar, with a spade in it. 