HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, August 23rd, 1860. The SPEAKER took the chair at 4 p.m. PETITIONS. Mr. ADAMS presented a petition from ten pro- prietors of private schools praying that the advan- tages sought to be conferred on public schools be extended to them. Mr. ADAMS presented a petition from Mr. H. Swift praying that certain land may not be leased to Mr. Glaister. Mr. CHAPMAN presented a petition from one Andrew Heavey complaining of unfair rejection of his tender by the Director of Public Works, and subsequently withdrew it. NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr. ALLISON to move to-morrow for a return shewing the total cost in detail of Tasman's Peninsula and the total income during the past year. RETURN. The COLONIAL TREASURER laid on the table a Report as to the state of the Submarine Cable. MOTIONS. Mr. MEREDITH asked the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, whether Mr. R. H. Davies, Deputy Clerk of the Peace at Torquay, had been put on the pension list and his office given to Mr. Rooke, the brother of the present member for Deloraine? The COLONIAL TREASURER replied that Mr. Davies had been put on the pension list in conse- quence of ill health and he believed the government intended to appoint Mr. Rooke his successor. Mr. SHERWIN called the attention of the House to the Despatch of His Grace the Duke of New- castle with reference to the Laws relating to Mar- riage ; and moved that it is not expedient to in- terfere with the provisions of that Act, because the Act of last Session conferred no powers that were not already possessed by Ministers of the Churches of England, Scotland, and Rome, and that no pre- vious notice of seven days to the Deputy Registrar in cases of Marriage celebrated by Ministers of other Churches was required by the Act 6 Vict. No. 18, which His Grace appears to have overlooked, repealing so much of 2 Vict. No. 7,—the Deputy Registrar being required to issue a Licence forth- with on the declaration of one only of the parties desiring to be married. That by the present Act greater security against clandestine Marriages is afforded than by the previous law, as both parties must now make the declaration before Marriage. That it is desirable to preserve an uniform princi- ple as far as possible in the Marriage Law of the Colony ; so that while all necessary safeguards are provided, there may be no just excuse left for any to live in violation of the simple requirements of the law. That from the year 1855, Acts have been passed, and now exist, in New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, giving equal powers to all Ministers of Religion without distinction, and con- taining substantially the same provisions as the Act of this Colony. That it is desirable the general law of the Australian Colonies should maintain the same common principles; and that, by the recent Act of this Colony, the Marriage Law was thus completed throughout those Colonies. On the motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, seconded by the Colonial Treasurer, the further consideration of the question was postponed to Thursday next. Mr. CROOKES moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the gradual Abolition of State Aid to Re- ligion, the principle being that each Clergyman who now held office and received pay, shall continue to do so through life. Bill read a first time and second reading fixed for Thursday next. Mr. MILLER moved that a Select Committee, consisting of the following members viz. :—Dr. Officer, Mr. Colonial Treasurer, Mr. Abbott, Mr. Maclanachan, Mr. Henry Butler, and the Mover be appointed by this House for the purpose of considering whether Mr. Crookes is disqualified from occupying a seat in this House, in consequence of his being a minister of religion within the meaning of the 15th Section of the Constitutional Act. Mr. CHAPMAN said the proper tribunal was the Parliamentary Qualifications Committee. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the present members of that Committee were Messrs. Smith, Nutt, Douglas, Butler, and Rogers, and as there were three vacancies he would give notice that on Tuesday next he should move that those vacancies be filled up. Mr. MILLER then raised the question of privi- lege by calling the Speaker's attention to the fact that a stranger was in the House. The SPEAKER said that according to the 15th Clause of the Constitutional Act no minister of re- ligion was capable of being elected to Parliament. The question here raised was whether a gentleman carrying on business as a merchant and occasion- ally preaching was a minister of religion and within the meaning of the Act. He thought not. Mr. MILLER appealed from this ruling to the House. No doubt some difficulty existed in strictly defining the term minister of religion, and the English Law Text Books would not help them, be- cause it was only at a late date that the claims of dissenters had been recognised, but from the analogy of the House of Commons he had no doubt Mr. Crookes was within the meaning of the term ; for clergymen at home were excluded from the House of Commons, and if it could be shown that Mr. Crookes was a preacher according to the rights of his own church, the analogy would be clear. What constituted a man a minister of religion ? Was it not a call ; a call from the Holy Ghost ? He was informed that a local preacher must make a decla- ration that he had such a call, and thus received his appointment. He did not in this motion mean to cast any aspersions on Mr. Crookes or his church; it was simply a question affecting the Constitution, and he would therefore move that it is the opinion of this House that Mr. Crookes is a minister of re- ligion within the 15th Clause of the Constitutional Act and therefore incapable of holding a seat in this House. The COLONIAL TREASURER thought that whatever the hon. member (Mr. Miller) had es- tablished or had failed to establish, that hon. member had at least established that he (Mr. Miller) was not a fit person to be a member of the Judicial Committee to which it was proposed that this question should be referred, for that hon. member had evidently come prepared to support a predetermined decision, but he (the Colonial Treasurer) did not wish that either the House or himself should be precipitated into an opinion either for or against the motion. He wished the decision to be arrived at to be such as would com- mand respect on a future occasion. As the hon. mem- ber had worded his motion it would in effect exclude all members of one religious denomination from seats, in the House, such as Mr. Gleadow, who had been one of the most valuable members they had ever had in the House, and he repeated that as he did not wish the House to precipitate itself into a decision on the question raised he would move as an amendment "that the vacancies which had occurred in the Commitee of Elections and Qualifications be filled up and that the question which had been raised in respect of the qualification of the hon. member for Launceston (Mr. Crookes) to a seat in that House be referred to the Committee." Mr. CHAPMAN, suggested that the amendment should be put in the form of two resolutions. Mr. MEREDITH said it appeared to him that there was evidently a very strong desire on the part of the members of the government to burke this inquiry altogether. (No, no.) Hon. members opposite had that desire as was evident from the tone and manner in which the hon. member who had last spoken had addressed the House. Com- plaint had been made by hon. members opposite that the House had been taken by surprise by the motion but that was not the fact, for the question was raised last night, and every hon. member had since had an opportunity of making himself acquainted with it, and the sooner it was put an end to now the better for themselves and the better for the public. He believed that the hon. member for Launceston (Mr. Crookes) was a stranger in the House and that all the Acts to which that hon. member had been a party were invalid. It was said by the hon. Colonial Treasurer that the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Miller) had already made up his mind on the question. (Hear, hear—Mr. Lipscombe.) Where did that come from? (Mr. Lipscombe—From me.) Very well, he would keep his eye upon that hon. member. Well, Dr. Officer the hon. member for Glenorchy had made up his opinion also; and it might be that other hon. mem- bers had done the same. It might be in the power of the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Miller) to show that Mr. Crookes was a minister of religion but to say that the hon. member had made up his mind that that was so, was stating that which was not the fact. The hon. member had very properly put his notice on the paper that the question might be decided, and he (Mr. Meredith) only trusted that the decision would not be left alto- gether to the Government, but that such a Committee would be appointed as would give their decision weight in that House. Mr. COHEN remarked that the hon. member for Glamorgan had said in the House last night that he would be satisfied if the hon. member for Launceston would deny that he was a minister of religion. Dr. OFFICER reminded the hon. member that he could not refer to a previous debate. Mr. COHEN would say then that he thought it would be quite sufficient if the hon. member denied that he was a minister of Religion, and would ask if this question would ever have occurred if that hon. member had occupied a seat on the opposite side the House? (Yes, yes.) He denied that it would, for the hon. member (Mr. Crookes) had retained his seat three years, and why was not the question raised by the hon. members opposite when he (Mr Crookes) first took his seat ? It appeared to him however that hon. members opposite now wished to get rid of the hon. member by a side wind, but he (Mr. Cohen) would inform hon. members opposite that even if that wore the case they would not be able to elect a member in his place. The hon. member (Mr. Miller) had quoted from several writers on the question of what con- stituted a Minister of Religion, but it appeared to him (Mr. Cohen) that those quotations referred only to Ministers of the Church of England and the Church of Scotland, and he (Mr. Cohen) denied that Mr. Crookes was a Minister of Reli- gion, seeing that he was not in charge of a congre- gation, and every hon. member was aware that Mr. Mr. Crookes was leading the life of a commer- cial man and not the life of a Minister of Religion. This was patent to every hon. member, and he trusted the House would have the good sense to prevent the hon. member's seat being taken away by a side wind brought forward in the shape of a Constitutional question. Mr. MEREDITH explained that his attention had been drawn to the question by seeing an advertisement in the newspaper yesterday morning, and he brought it before the House in the evening. Dr. OFFICER said he was sure that it was under a misapprehension that the hon. member for Glamorgan had said that his (Dr. Officer's) mind was made up, for so far from that he felt that it was a for more intricate question than at the first blush he had imagined it to be, and even if it were proved that the hon. member for Launceston was a Minister of Religion, he thought there would be some difficulty under the Electoral and Constitutional Acts in showing that the hon. member had not a right to sit. He thought the only proper course to take was to refer the question to a committee without appointing which it would not be possible to take the evidence required. The hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Miller) had given them some information with re- gard to the mode of proceeding in the appointment of Ministers in the Wesleyan body, but the hon. member was simply expressing his own opinion and did not wish the House to decide upon that enunciation of his objection, but to consult the authorities on the point, which could only be done in Committee, and he (Dr. Officer) did not think that under the Constitutional Act the question could be tried in any other way. Mr. W. ARCHER considered that the hon. member for Hobart Town was quite entitled to raise the question, especially after what they had seen in the public papers, but it did not follow because the motion was made, that the hon. member for Laun- ceston was a minister of religion. It was however a proper matter for enquiry and would relieve that hon. member from the expression of many remarks very offensive to that hon. member and painful to the House. He agreed that the question should be referred to a Committee as proposed. Mr. GREGSON would suggest to the House a very different mode of proceeding, and as he appre- hended the correct one. He thought the House should appoint a Committee of Privileges, which was the proper course to adopt, and the course taken by the British House of Commons. The hon. member then read extracts from proceed- ings in similar cases in the House of Commons, and an extract from Hansard upon a discussion as to the right of a member to hold his seat in the House of Commons during which the Right Honorable the Speaker had ruled that "anything affecting the seat of a member of this House is a question of Privilege." It was most desirable that the discussion of the question, which must be a very painful one to the hon. member for Launceston should be conducted without warmth or the display of an angry feeling, and he would move as an amendment upon the amendment— The SPEAKER reminded the honorable member that it was not competent for him to do so. Mr. GREGSON would only point out then to the House the rule laid down by the Imperial Parliament, and would not attempt to prolong the discussion ; but in answer to the remark of the hon. member for Launceston (Mr. Cohen) who had spoken with much warmth on the subject, and had asked why the question had not been brought forward before, he (Mr. Gregson) would inform him that he had repeatedly brought the question before the House, as he believed that the hon. member (Mr. Crookes) was beyond all question a minister of religion within the meaning of the Consti- tutional Act. It was a difficult question to decide upon as there was no law which bore directly upon it, the laws relating only to ministers of the Episcopalian and Scotch Churches and of the Church of Rome, and they must therefore reason from analogy. It was not likely that the fríends of the hon. member (Mr. Crookes) would say that the hon. member was a minister of re- ligion, for if it were so decided that hon. member would incur a penalty of £500 for every vote he had given and that would swallow up all the hon. member's wealth. He (Mr. Gregson) would suggest therefore that the question be referred to a Com- mittee of Privileges to consist of five of the most intelligent members of the House, and he hoped that the utmost calmness and deliberation would be given to the subject. Mr. CHAPMAN had now come to the conclusion that the House was not competent to deal with the question, as no petition had been sent in against the hon. member (Mr. Crookes) taking his seat, as required by section 125 of the Electoral Act, which the hon. member read, and the question could now only be decided in the Supreme Court. (Mr. Gregson—I'll take it there.) He (Mr. Chapman) thought it was not competent to the House to submit the question to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications now, and that the question could only now be raised in the Supreme Court pre sided over by the two Judges, who would deal with it as Judges not sitting in this or the other House, and who vwould decide upon its merits independently, as no Judge was sitting in either House. The hon. member again rcferred to the 125th section of the Electoral Act, when Mr. ARCHER remarked that that clause only related to a question of undue return. Mr. CHAPMAN thought this was a question of undue return. (No, no.) Dr. BUTLER thought it was a most important question, and one which should be committed to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications which were, in his opinion, fully competent to deal with it. Mr. ALLISON said he thought the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Miller) was fully entitled to raise the question and that it should be referred to a Committee. Mr. LIPSCOMBE should also vote for the amendment. Mr. MILLER, in reply to Mr. Chapman, remarked that he had a perfect right to raise the question at any time, even if was on the last day of the 5 years, and he now trusted that if the mat- ter were referred to a Committee the deliberation upon it would be approached with a calm and unbiassed mind. After a short explanation from the Speaker as to the mode in which the question would be put, Mr. MILLER asked leave to withdraw his motion that the amendment of the hon. the Colonial Trea- surer might take its place. Mr. CHAPMAN dissented. The question that the words proposed to be struck out do stand part of the question was then put, and the Speaker decided that the noes had it. Mr. Chapman called for a division House divided. AYES 1.—Mr. Chapman (teller). NOES 22.—Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. Gregson, Meredith, Abbott, Dunn, Allison, W. Archer, Sherwin, Cohen, Lipscombe, Macpherson, Boys, Henty, J. K. Archer, Marshall, Rooke, Gellibrand, Houghton, Maclanachan, Dr. Butler, Dr. Officer, Mr. Miller (teller). Six o'clock. House adjourned. 