SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. The annual general meeting of the members of the South Australian Institute was held on Friday evening, October 12, at the new building, North-terrace. There were present-Mr. L. Glyde, M.P., Chairman of the Board of Governors; the Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Mr. J. H. Clark, and Mr. W. W. R.Whitridge, Go- vrnors- and the Secretary, Mr. Kay. There was a considerable attendance of members, and Mr. L.Glyde, M.P., presided. Minutes of the last general meetiug and also of a recent special meeting were read. corrected, and confirmed. The Chairman then called upon the Secretary, who read the following REPORT. 'I. The anticipations expressed in the last report presented to the members of the South Australian In- stitute respecting the completion and occupancy of the new Institute, although not altogether disappointed, have not been fulfilled to the extent which the Board ef Governors expected ; and it is matter of regret to them that on this their fourth anniversary the members of the Institute should still have to look to the future for those advantages on the full enjoyment of which the Board had hoped by this time to have congratulated them. ' 2. It will be remembered that in the last report the Board expressed a hope that the new building would be ready for occupation by the following April. This hope, it is needless to say, has been disappointed; but circum- stances having made it absolutely necessary that the Institute should be removed from the rooms which it had so long oecupied, the Board were compelled to enter upon the occupation of the new building at the very earliest period at which it was possible to do so. As, however, the rooms were altogether unfurnished, the library unprovided with shelves, and the arrange- ments for lighting the building incomplete, and as it was evident that some considerable time must elapse before these deficiencies could be sup- lied, the Board considered that they would best meet the difficulty by fitting up the large room on the first floor of the building as a temporary reading-room and library. It was with regret that they found them- selves compelled, when carrying out this arrangement, t0 withdraw the larger portion of the books from clrcu- lation, leaving only 2,000 volumos of the more recent publications for the use of the subscribers and the public. 'They trusted, however, that due allowance would be made for the awkward position in which they were placed, being, as they were, entirely dependent on the Government for the completion of the various works rerred to : and as the Government were unable to do much for their assistance until the requisite means had been provided by tho Legislature, it can be no matter of surprise that the temporary arrangement previously adverted to should still be in existence. '3. The Board have, however, muoh pleasure in stating that great progress has been made towards the completion of these various matters of detail. The library Is nearly finished, being shelved from floor to ceiling, and is expected to afford accommodation for about 16,000 volumes; in addition to which, room can be provided, when it is needed, for about 8,000 more, by erecting presses in the middle of the room, in the manner customary in large libraries. The requisite furniture for the library and reading room has been procured, as also a part of that which will be necessary for the other rooms. After some unavoidable delay, a contract has been accepted by the Government for the necessary out- buildings ; and the Board have made a special request that the retort-house, required for the gas apparatus, may be proceeded with in the first instance. So soon as this is completed, the erection of the retorts, gasholder, &c;, will be commenced ; and the Board look forward to being able very shortly to make preliminary arrange- ments for the inaugural soiree, with which they propose to open the new Institute. ' 4. Another matter of interest and importance, closely connected with the subject-matter of the preceding re- marks, is that of the new catalogue. In this case, as well as in others, the promises made in the last report have been performed, as far as it depended on the Board and their officers. Some months have elapsed since the principal part of the work involved in the preparation of a new catalogue was completed, with some in- considerable exceptions; this included the examina- tion, classification, and labelling of every book in the library, and the preparation of a rough catalogue. Nearly tbe whole of this has been revised and arranged ready for printing, and the whole could have been done had there been any chance of the printing being pro- ceded with. This, however, has been prevented by the pressure of pubic business at the Government Printing Office. The approaching close of tbe session has to a coinsiderable extent removed this obstruction, and the Government Printer promises to make great dispatch with the remainder of the catalogue. Twenty- four pages, or about one-seventh of the whole, are in type, and it is hoped tbat the catalogue will be ready for pub- lication in a very few weeks. ' 5. It is probable that most of the members of the Institute are acquainted with the facts connected with its financial position which were hid before the meeting of members held September 18. As. however, this report would be incomplete without some notice of the matters iu question, it will be necessary to give a brief summary of them. In the December of last year the Board drew tbe attention of tbe Government to the fact that provision would have to be made for the proper furnishing and fitting up of the new Institute. To this communication they received an answer requesting that a detailed schedule or the fittings, &c;, required, and an estimate of their probable cost, should be forwarded. This was done, the estimated cost being 1,400. After some little time had elapsed, a letter was received from the Government, stating that a sum should be placed on the Estimates for the completion and fur- nishing of the Institute. The Board were also requested to send in a sub-estimate of the amounts required as grants in aid of the South Australian Institute and of the country Institutes for the current year, the grants last year having been £1,000 for the South Australian Institute and £500 for the country Institutes. Unques- tionably it would have been highly desirable at the present juncture to have been able to expend a larger sum than usual on the library and museum, but in the present depressed state of tbe colonial finances it did not appear judicious to ask more for the South Australian Inistitute than had been granted in previous years. For the country Institutes the Board asked for £1,000, as they had several objects in view, the carrying out of which would be highly beneficial to the country Insti- tutes, but for which of course they would require additional funds. Shortly after the application last referred to, a change of Ministry took place, and it be- came necessary to urge upon the new Government the importance of immediate action being taken with regard to some portions of the furniture and fittings required. This applicati0n was promptly responded to, and no time was lost in contracting for the shelving of the library, and in providing some of the necessary furniture. When the Estimates were laid before Parliament, how- ever, the Board fouod, much to their regret and disappoint- ment. that the amounts proposed were far below what they had asked for, and what they conceived to be abso- lutely necessary. Although quite aware that the various demands upon the Government would be greater than could be met by the funds at their disposal, it did appear to the Board that the case of the South Aus- tralian Institute was an exceptional one, and that the very largeness of the amount expended upon the building only formed an additional reason for such farther ex- penditure as was absolutely necessary to fit that building for the purposes for which it was created. This necessity was the more pressing, inasmuch as the Board, con- fidently relying on receiving the amounts for which they had applied, had expanded or engaged to expend a considerable sum for various purposes connected directly or indirectly with the completion and occupancy of the new building, a large portion of which sum they fully calculated upon receiving back again from the vote for fittings, &c.;, or at the worst they expected to be able to supply the amount from the annual grant. When, however, it appeared that the one was £400 and the other £500 less than was anticipated, all these cal- culations were deranged, and it seemed very doubtful whether any further'portion of the building could be opened to the public during the present year — a result which would have been most seriously prejudicial to the Institute. A motion for an Increase of the amount proposed for the annual grant was brought forward in the House of Assembly by Mr. N. Blyth in the month of August, but was rejected, on a division, by a small majority. This being the case, and careful examlnatlon having shown that the probable income of the Institute would be wholly inefficient to maintain the establishment, even on the scale on which it had previously been conducted, It was proposed at a meeting of tbe Board to close the Institute at sunset, and to adopt such other measures of economy as were practicable, with the view of bringing the expenditure within the limits of the expected income. Before adopting so extreme and objectionable a mea- sure, however, it appeared to the Board that their best course would be to call together the members of the Institute and acquaint them with the facts of the case, s0 as to elicit from them an expression of opinion as to the most suitable measures to be adopted in the very diffioult position in which they were placed. This meeting took place on Tuesday, September 18; and after much discussion it was eventually decided that a petition from the members of the Institute and the public generally should be presented to the House of Assembly, praying for an increase of tha vote for fittings, &c.;, to an amount sufficient for the purpose of completing the furnishing of the building, and also of refunding the sums that had been expended to the same end by the Board. It was also determined that a Committee should be appointed from amongst the subscribers to the library for the purpose of obtaining additional sub- scriptions. Thanks to the zeal of the gentlemen who so readily came forward to render their aid at this critical juncture, these measures have been carried out ener- getically, and, the Board are happy to add, successfully. In the course of five days 983 signatures were obtained to the petition, and the Committee report that they have obtained 113 new subscribers. The petition was presented to the House of Assembly by Mr, Glyde, the Chairman of the Board ; after which he required that an additional sum of £103 should be granted for the purposes specified, which was carried without a division. Thus the most pressing difficulty will be removed ; but it must not be forgotten that the Board are still seriously restricted in thei, plans for aiding the Country Institutes, while the income of the central Institute is greatly diminished by the reduction of the annual grant ; and the Board would therefore urge upon the members of the Institute generally that it is highly desirable that they should continue to do all in their power to increase the number of subscribers, and thus, as far as possible, to supply the deficiency. It is only necessary, in quitting this sabject, to express the earnest hope of the Board that next year the Institute grant may be restored to its former amount, and that they may also succeed in obtaining a vote for Country Institutes sufficient to enable them to afford a larger measure of aid to those very valuable Societies than has hitherto been possible. '6. The Committee appointed at the meeting of September 14, on concluding their labours, forwarded a report to the Board, included in which is a statement of the various complaints and objections which have been made by parties to whom they have applied for subscrip- tions and signatures. This document appears to the Board to be of sufficient importance to Warrant its introduction in this place, together with such remarks as they have to make on the various subjects referred to. The Board do not understand tbe Committee as endors- ing the statements in question, but simply as reporting what they have heard, with the idea that if such com- plaints are groundless it is desirable that they should be shown to be so, and if not that their causes should be removed as far as possible. ' The following is the report referred to :— ''To the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute. ' ' Gentlemen— The Committee appointed by the sub- scribers to the Institute at the public meeting held on the 18th ultimo have great pleasure in presenting you with a short report, designed to show what success has attended their efforts. ''They have endeavoured to the best of their ability to carry out the resolution adopted by the meeting, and have the honour to report that by their united exertions one hundred and twelve (112) additional names have bean added to the subscribers' list. ' ' At the same time they consider it to be their duty to lay before you the reasons assigned by those who have never joined the Institute, or of those who, having once joined, have withdrawn from or discontinued their sub- scription, which are as follow:— '* First. That the constitution of the Institute is ob- jected to, the subscribers not having a sufficient amount of influence in its management, and also that the working expenses are too great. ''Secondly. That books, &c.;, are not procured in the colony. ' ' Thirdly. That books cannot be obtained by the sub- scribers when required. ' Fourthly. That sufficient publicity has not been given so as to inform the public that the Institute is open daily to non-subscribers. ' ' Fifthly. That the majority of the new subscribers have become members conditionally upon the continu- ance of the soirees. ''Sixthly. That many subscribers complain of not having been called upon for their subscriptions, and suggest that the appointment of a collector would be productive of much good. 'Seventhly. That several persons have expressed a wish to aid in the formation of a museum. ''Eighthly. That the rules regulating the admission to the soirees have not been strictly enough enforced. ''The Committee might add several others, but re- frain, trusting that those which have been placed on re- cord by them will receive the most careful consideration at your hands, so as to advance the Interest of the In- stitution by every legitimate means, and that you will be pleased to lay the same before the subscribers at the next annual meeting, 'Signed on behalf of the Committee, '' Arthur John Baker, Chairman. South Australian Institute, October 1, 1860.' ' ' The Board desire to offer the following remarks on the foregoing, referring to the complaints seriatiam— ' 1st. The constitution of the South Australian Insti- tute is fixed by Act of Parliament, and cannot be altered except by the same means; but doubtless any practicable amendments that may be suggested would meet with due consideration. As regards the second part of this complaint, the Board consider that the subscribers have no reason to object to the amount of the working ex- penses, as the following statement will show :— Amount expended on library, for books, newspapers, and periodicals, also for binding and repairing books, between October, 1856, and October, 1860 ... £1,833 18 2 Amount expended on soirees in excess of receipts in same time ... ... ... 180 6 8 . . „. £2.017 4 10 S mount received from subscribers in same tlaM '? ? „. £1.770 7 6 I saving a balance of expenditure over re- ~ '* i ceipsof ... ? ... £248X7 4 j 1 other expenses being defrayed from other souroes. ' he Board have carefully considered the posiibiUty of I ductng the working expausjs of the Institute, and are . itlsfied that it cannot bo done without In some way , mintv'iinir the amount of comfort and convenience J forded to the subscribers and the public : ' 2ad. it is difficult to understand how any one can ? ive made this objection seriously. 'Through the age-ey of the S joiety of Arts (LondoD), J ith which the Institute ha3 recently beeu brought Into . uon. the Board are able to procure books a; a rate consi- Z irably lo iter than they can ba purchased at Iu the colony. * great additional advantage ia gained by having the 1 laks strongly and cheaply bound, expressly for the : isti'nto, in tho first instance, instead of being bought !, coumon cbth cover*, as ordinarily published, ta be 1 loaediately taken to pieces for tho purpose of rebinding. j, fain, the arrangements which tho Board have made for e forwarding by mal steamer of a monthly parcel con ining those publications which are most in demand in ? e great circulating libraries at homo enable them to ? Ing such works within reach of the subscribers at as ' rly a pariod as they can bs obtained by any other c eaus. Nevertheless, when any book of considerable in- ? reat has inadvertently been omitted from tbe monthly ♦ ireel, the Boird have always bean willing to supply the \ nisaion by purchasing in the colony. ° '3rd. This is a complaint which is mads aralnst all J. renUting libraries, and is unfortunately one which J, am the very nature ef such Inatitations it is impossible I avoid, Tne Bjard endeavour to mitigate the evil by a ocuring several copies of tha more popular works; „ id they bolieve that when the catalogue- is pnblhhed it , ill be found that tho number of works or general * terest ia the library is far greater than many sub* -. ribers suppose. ' '4th. The Board have not overlooked this matter, but nsider it unwise to ta'ie any especial steps to increase e attendance at the reading-room until they have tter accommodation. As soon as tho new reading n om Is ready for occupatlen, the Board will adopt some eans of drawing attention to the advantages otfered by e Institute to the public in general. ' 5th. Tho Board hare in another part of this report counted for the temporary suspension of the nslrees, * id intimated their intention of speedily recommencing * em. '6th. The Board will keep this suggestion la view. . ' 7th. The Board will gladly receive auy assistance wards so desirable an objeot, and mill increase the aount to be devoted to the formation of a museum as on aa possible. '8th. The Board are not aware that there is the ightest real grsund for this statement; many sub ribers are admitted to the soirees who have not ought their ticket*, because ths librarian is aware at their subscriptions are paid up, aud ladies fre lently acoompany one subscriber while they really ter by virtuo of another person's subscription. No *, inpt the admission of any perton without a tloket is . mowhat irregular, but it Ij very doubtful whether the inoyance and dissatisfaction which would be caused by v rigid adherence to the rale would be counterbalanced ' any consequent advantage. ' Tho Board have thus fully, and they trust satis- * jtoiity, replied to the objections which have been ised, and only desire to add that they are always ixious to oonsider, and if possible to remedy, any de sto that may be pointed out to them In the working the Institute. '7. In their last report the Board stated that not ' towing what demands might be made upon their funds con lection with the removal to the new building, ty considered that It wouU be judicious to restrict + eir expenditure on books as much as pculble for a * ne. ThU TMuria has been adopted during the past or, and the result has proved that It was a prudent ie- xl ? ' aPPearB leasonable, however, to anticipate at the Income of the Institute will not again be so crip ed as to compel resort to such a measure, the Board opose to order books at regular intervals fer the ture. It is therefore desirable that the subset ibers ould resume the use of the Becommendotion-book, the -ard being anxious to d nsult tho wishes of the sub ribers, as far as possible, in purchasing bookB. 8\. With respect to the museum the Board regret that ey cannot report mnch progress. They have procured t. )m England a supply of artieks necessary for the pre .ration of specimens, and they have intimated to the *, trator (Mr. P. G. Watarhouse) that thsy wish him to u mmenco operations as soon as he caa. The amount ,. lichcanbadavotedtoth's purpose at present ia not rge, and the Board fear that tU3 formation of a museum 11 not proceed very rapidly iu the first instance ; but * ey trust that when a commencement is once made, and me degree of public interest excited in the nutter, ' at amount may be increased. They believe that there ? e many persons In Adelaide and tne oolony generally ., 10 have not subscribed hitherto, tni who might not i va thought it worth while to 3o so for the sake of the a irary, bat who would gladly Ssdst in tUa formation or museum. Should this hope prove to ba well g.-oonded 1] oy may at the end or another year have a more satis- J Btory statement to make on this EUi'ject. * ' 9. Only three soirees havebien given durmg tbe pa»t a ar, a disappointment with respact to the lecture having ,, liged the Board to jxwtpone that which should, in the . dinary course of events, have taken place in tho be- 5 nning or September. This being the oase. It appeared ? Ivisable not to fix another date tot the soiree until the \\. icertatnty whioh attended the future arrangements of e Institute was in some degree dispelled. Having, to certain extent at least, accomplished thli point, 0 BV?d ha7e deteruitoed that another sslree shall 1 held as soon as the necessary arrangements a be mide, aud they trust that it will be mouncea iu the eourse of a short time. The ?at soirei took place in December, 1859, when Mr. £ lyde read some extracts from. Thackeray's poetical J jrks, accompanied by remarks on his lire and , :mus. The Board bavs again to express their acknow igmentstothemsmbirs of the Deutsche Lledertafel t r the noble musio with which they enriched this l Iree, and trust that before long they will again give ' eir valuable assistance on a s'railar occasion. At tho p Irea in Mweb, 1860, tha R2v. C. E. Palmer delivered a ! uture on 'The Latest Ghost Theory:' and at that la l ay, Mr. Francis delivered on t on 'ComloandCarica- . ire Drawing,* with pictorial illustrations. These soirees' '? are enlivened as usual by musical ;eif«rmano:a. Tho oard rogret that on one or two occasions some parts of ie musical entertainment* have not been so satisfactory , i they could have whhed. They will endeavour to , Tinge so that this shall not happen again, even ' toagh they should be compelled to increase the amount hica they propose to expend on the soirees. '10. Tho only Societies whioh hava as yet been incor -rated with the Institute are the Adelaide Philosophical wiety and the Ssuth Australian Society of Arts. Their -erations have, however, been Interfered with by the ! :lay ia the ootnpletion of the building. The Board apo that when these two Societies have been eaabled to \ laiiza tha full advantages of incorporation with the , istitate, other Societies will come forward to thare in tose advantages, and at the same time to strengthen to Institute. It is expected that the annual exhibition r the Society of Arts will be held iu the Institute uUding in the course of November next, and the Board tut that not long afterwards the Society will be in a ositlon to open their Sjhool of Design. '11. With respect to the delivery of leorarei pon educational subjects and the establishment of lasses for the prosecution of various brauohes of :udy, it is sufficient to say that both objeots shall icelve the attention of tha Board so soon as they find icmselves iu a position to carry them ont effectively. t may. not, however, be out of place to mention that the loard regard the establishment of a singing-class, or [lee and Madrigil Sjcisty, in connection with the In titute-, ai very desirable. ' is, Thectroulatiou of boxes of bsoks amongst the lountry Institutes, referred to In the last repo.r, has een in full operation during the year. The Bjard be- ? ova tint the advantages offered by thin system are ighly prized by the members of the various Institutes ; he only drawback has consisted in the fact that tho imited number of books at the disposal of the Board us prevented them from supplying pll the Country In atutes regalarly. It Is expected, howover, that In he 'coarse of the eutuing quarter aa additional lumber or boxes will be put in circulation, which fill do a good deal towards Bupplyiug the deficiency. Ibout 200 volumes intended for this purpose have been eceived from England during the 1 nit fetr weeks, and iome duplleats copies or suitable books can bo spared rom the Institute library. Tha Board are enly aware if one new Institute having bsen formed during the past rear— that at Aldinga. Branches of the Gawler Insti ;ute have been established at Willaston and Lyndooh /alley. The total number of Country Institutes with which the Board are in communication is 25; of those ill but two or three have received or aro dearous of re jeiving the loan of boxes of book?. The Board are very leairous or making arrangements for tho delivery of lec tures to ths various Country Institutes upon a species of itinerating principle, being aware that good and attrac tive lectures aro what Institutes generally find most necessary and yet most difficult to obtain. With this abject In view, they have procured from England some lets of diagrams, intended to illustrate popular, lectures. It would be desirable also to obtain some apparatus adapted for the illustration of the leading facts in che mistry, electricity, magnetism, &c.;, ko. Tha want of funds available for mch purposes, however, has compelled the Baud to defer the execution of this design for ths present. - '13. The statistics of tha South Australian Institute fer the year 1859-69 do not exhibit so decided an im provement on those of the previous year as could havo been wished; they have, however, been affeotcd to a considerable extent by several disturbing causes extra neous to' the ordinary working of tho Institute, which are not likely to recur. These are tho shutting up of a large portion of the library for nearly three months, tha omission of the usual soiree in September— which has caused a ccnuderable amount of subscriptions to remain in arrear which would otherwise have been paid up— and, finally, the generally d-pres3sd state of business. The total number of volumes circulated during the past year was 31,121. The number of volumes added to the library during the last year was 831. which gives a total number at tho present time of 8,187. These books were received ai follows :— Shipments per Orient, 03 vois. ; ditto per Phcebe Dunbar, 83 ditto ; ditto per Indus, 859 ditto; boofes received iu monthly parcels per ovulnnd mail, 219 ditto; magazine;, &-\, basnd, and books purchased in the colony, 173 ditto. In ad dition to ths above, a complete Bet of the SpeclfiMtlons of Patents granted in England from the reign of James L to tha end of 1569, presented by the Home Government to tha South Aus tralian Government, has been deposited Iu tbe Institute library. This collection is very voluminous, exteading to 7i8 volumes. It Is accompanied by elaborate Indices, and forms a valuable body of informal on on almost every subject to which tho ingenuity of Englishmen haa been directed for the last two centuries. Theso baoks cannot be allowed to have the library, both on account of the way In which tbey cama into the custody of the Insti tute and of the immensa number of plan3 and drawings with which they ara crowded, and which are very liabla to irjury.^ Every facility, however, consistent with safe cuttody will be afforded to persons wishing to consult them. The number of new qaarterly subscribers re ceived during tbe year is 175. and of annual subscribers 53; making a total of 227. The actual number ef sub scrlbers at the enJ of the Institute year, as far as conid be ascertained, wa3 645, of whom 212 are qualified to vote this evening. Tne total number of persona who hava made written applicatioa daring the year to be allowed to frequent tha reading-room ia 40B. It mast be remarked, with reference to tho abova figures, that only a very Email number of the new subscriptions obtained by the Canvassing1 Commutes weio received prior to the SOth September. ' 14. Under tho previsions of the Acts by which tha Institute is constituted, tho Hon. S. Daranportj M.L.C., retired from the Board of Governors on tha let inat., he having been present at a smaller cumber of Board meetings than either of tha other appointed Governors, and the vacancy has not yet been filled up. John Haward Clark, Esq., who was elected at the last annual meeting by tha subscribers to the Library, as their ?representative at the Board, retires this evening, but 1s I eligible for re-election, B, H. Babbsge sad W.W,B, IVTiierifJge, Egqr*., were elected last year by the Philo ophical Society and tbe South Australian Society of Irts, respectively, as their rcpresentaiives at tho Board ; heir term or office expires during tho present inouth md tho Societies in question have- been called upon to 111 np the vacancies prior to tha end of the month. ' 15. With refereasa to the statement of receipts and xpendltuxe, attached to tM3 report, the Board ore de Irons of drawing1 the eaptoial attention of the: eub crUKratoone item— that entitled ' Repairing Bwis ;'? ud it rasy bo as vrell to afford sor.io cxplaratioa of tho aeatiin^ of this terra. M^st of the books purchased!! ho calouy are tn!y covered with cloth ^ and of course. son requiro to be properly bound. Periodicals also, as iey accumulate into volumes, reqairo binding, Tbo ost of this for the past year is charged under the head Binding.' Tha books co bouad ought, with proper caro n the part of the readers, to last for a long time. . TJn irtuna'tely, however, they too frequently do not receive ie careful treatment to whioh thoy aro entitled ; the jEBequence of which is that dnrins the past year a eavy expense haa been Incnrred in rebindicg books, ae necessity for which bos besa caused in many cases y sheer c»relesancE3. The cost of rcblnding Is headed Repairing/ The total amount of this item (including )ma aoeounts not yet received) duiine tha last year has een about £35. TheBjard trust that this branch of cpauditare will in futuro years be more moderate iu mount. For every three volumes rebound In the colony t least one new book conid be added to the library, 'hree easaa in particular of wilful dstnago of a. very dis raceful kind have come under the notice of tho off ears f the Institute during the paat year— ia one case, re larks of a very gross character wera written on tha largia of a book; In the other two, Btvernl leaves wero it out or booia of coaaidorablo value. Unfortunately, i nilther caas wa? It possiblo to obtain any elus to tha Bfender. One of the volumes bo Injured belonged to tha bw edition of tho 'Ency-lora;lis Britannica;' the bjact of tha thief apparently h:.vinff baen to obtain ie treatise ou ' Beoikeeping,' aa tbat artlde was -mpl;tely removed. Fre-ih copies of the injure:! lects have been obtained from England, so that the Jlume can be restored to its original orate. Considering iat it was absolutely necet3ary to check 6ueh practices ; onco, the Board offered a reward or £10 for the dis -very of the offender, but they regret to say without jy result, excepting:, doubtless, that of diminishing the lance of a repetition or the offence. ' 18. Tha Item ' Binding' haa been swelled this year, irtly by the fact that a considerable number or volumes ' magazines and reviews, which had accumulated during ie last two or three years, have been re cently bound ; id partly in consequence of tho binding of a set of juth Australian newspapers. Thia set extends from ie foundation of the colony to the present time with 18 exception of tha yeara 1S39 to 1844 inclusive ; the ;her jeara are tolerably perfect, the last five or six lite bo. As It is very desirable that an unbroken record ' the pnblic events of ths colony should be preserved in form and place suitable for reference, the Board hope iat some one v?ho may happen to possess a copy of any juth Australian newspaper for the years mentioned Mve will enable thsm to complete the set. A get of the 'vening Mail, frou ths year 1819 to the present time, is also bsen bound. Th:s paper, containing the more itercsting portion of tho Timt3, affords a valuable record r soaial and political progress in the mother-country ' 17. Tha following Is a statement sf the receipts and cpendlture of the Institute lor ths past year ?— Dr.-Sept. 30, 1859. o cash in hand ? , ? £13 2 1 Balance In Bank ? , ? 454 is g Sept. 30. 1860. ? Her Majesty's Government— Grant for three quarters to June 33 ... ... 750 0 0 Annual subscriptions and fees ... ... 113 15 e Qaarterly subscriptions and fees ... ... 331 17 e Country circulation account (balance of vote in aid of country Institutes, re ~~ceived Troih Treasury) ... .„ .„ S3 18 11 Fines and miscellaneous receipts ? 4 11 11 Interest (Bank of South Australia) ... 6 17 10 Solrej account (proceeds of three soirees) 37 0 0 South Australian Library aud Mechanics' Institate (old balance received from Bank of South Australia) ... „, 6.4 8 £1,751 6 6 * The soiree which should have taken place in Sep mber having been unavoidably deferred, the subscript 9ns have fallea somewhat into arrear, ? ? v« Cr.— Sept. 30, 1880. j Library account (paid for books, 4c.) ... £52 6 4 Fprnituro aud fittings account ? 20) 8 8 Binding account (binding books) ... ... 65 16 6 Repairing account (rebinding books) ... 43 18 0 Soiree account— Expenses of three soirees 83 2 0 Country circulation account — Paid for boxes, &e; ? , ? 31 4 2 Apparatus account ... ? 17 0 Smith. Elder, & Co., remitted to them for purchase of books, apparatus, books for country circulation, ftc. ... ... 400 0 0 Salaries ? ? 447 14 8 Bent and insurance ? „ 173 6 0 Lighting and firing ? ... 60 13 11 Cleaning ? 10 6 1 Advertisements and printing .„ „, 10 10 8 Foitage and stationery ? 15 9 0 Sundry incidental expenses, including oost ? ' of removal to new Institute, temporary ' shelving in new Institute, &c.;&o.; ... 43 0 8 Cash la hand ... ... ... ...... 13 2 1 Balance In Bank onSouth Australia ... 11413 8 £'.761 6.6 * Accounts not yet received, and books still in the nder's hands will increase this amount by £10 or £15. f I'his amount is all absorbed, and a further re.nit nee will have to bo made shortly. t This amount is largsr than usual on acoouut of creased rent having been paid to avoid the necessity , ' leaving tha old Institute before the naw one was ady. '18. The Board cannot conclude this report without' irmly congratulating the subscribers and tha com nnlty generally on the beautiful aad commodious , illdlng which the Legislature has provided for them, tiat circumstances altogether unavoidable have in some igree marred the satisfaction with; which they would herwise have entered upon its occupation is to be gretted; -at the same time the Board ara satisfied that 10 Institute mu3t ultimately profit by any events which nd to bring Its claims mote closely home to the people ; large. 'However this may be, the Board trust that these fficulties ani discouragements now belong to the past, id that the future will be distinguished by the full ivelopment and enjoyment of tho various social and itellectual advantages which the Iastltute, In its new jme, is capable of conferring. ' LAviifGToir Gltds, Chairman. 11 Kobt. Kit, Secretary. «' South Australian Institute, Ojtober 18. 1880.','. . Mr. G. Faurcis moved the adoption of the report. Mr. Skaw said tha Committee in canvassing met iveral complaints as to the non-completion of the italogue. Ho thought It wonld have been better to ive entrusted the printing of it to a private tradesman tan to the Government Printer, Had that bsendone wou'd have been ready by that time. The Chaibmak said upon enquiry it was ascertained iat they could get the catalogue printed by the Govern tapt Printer for about £35 less than by any other rinter in town, and the Governors considered that tbey ero justified In saving that amount t) the Institute. Ipplause.) ; ? ; ' ' Mr. Cawtsobmb objected to a reoord appearing fn tha tpart of the disparity between the nominal number of lembers and tbe number actually entitled to vote thit rening.. He moved that the passage be struos out. ' . The CnxTsuLK called attention to the language of the lot, ; whioh required a member to have been such for six loulhs before he could be rntitled to vote. Mr. T. Hills supported air. Cawthorne's resolution. Mr. J. E. Clibx said tha Governors desired to placo s much information before the member} aj possible, lit they had. no objection to expunge that passage if ha' me ;t ing wished it. He thought there oaull be no ifficulty iu percsiving the po'icy of the provision in he Act read by tha Chairman. It would be possible, rere it not for that precaution, for a wealthy individual, iy paying for ths admission of a certain number of tenons, to carry any question as he pleased. (Hear, iear.) . . ; Mr. G. M. MiBmr thought the passage should stand is evidence to the pnblic of the great start forward that tad been taken by the Institute lately. Mr: Hor.inrs complained that tha provision of the let referred to had not for the information of members jeen included in the rules. If tbe constitution of the Institute could not be altered, he did not know what position thfv were placed in, or who coaldvote that evening. ._ ? Mr. WnttixuQH reminded Mr. Hollins that the rules !br governing the Institute could, as stated in the report, be altered by Aot of Parliament. (Hear, hear). Mr. CAwrnoBHE said tbe statement he objected to was lot made in former reports. ' ; The CHiiBirAir read from the reports of the last and previous y ar3 similar statements. (Applause.) Mr. Ccllbt said ha had advised persons reluctant to oin the Institu'e to pay their subscriptions and make :heir oomplslnts at tha general mealing, to as to effeol inch changes as they disired. If they were not allowed 0 vote that evoning ho was afraid his advice could not )e acted on. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bubgi.1T said he had not paid his subscription for ;ha last two quarters, and if not allowed to vote that svenlng he would ba greatly dlpappainted. . . The Chubuait said Mr. Bureau could not vote unless 10 paid up bis arrears, but the Secretary would be happy :o take his money. (A laush.) Mr. J. H. Clabk said Mr. Burgan's remarks proved low valuable the suggestion wat of appointing a col lector. ? '-' . ? ?? Mr. Shaw said he and, hebelleved,raany others would aot have subscribsd had it been known that they could not vote that evening. Dean FaxbbIiK said ho was convince] a verysnSall proportion of the gentlemou who had joined the In ititute did so with a view of voting that evening for a Governor. ? . ? - . Mr. J. Davis thought the question had been suni eiently ventilated. In future the advertisement, to pre vent disappointment, should describe the class of mem bers entitled to vote. 'Mr. L. Suhmbbs said the discussion had gone from the point. He thought the passage objected to by Mr Cawihorue should bs retained ia the report. The amendment was negatived, and It was resolved tc adopt the report as it had been read. Mr. J. Davis thought the Governors should apply tc popular performers, when such were in Adelaide, to giv- the benefit of their talent*, on special occasions, to the Institute. (Hear, hear.) , . ?;-.!.. The Dbax said he had seen popular performers lately attract such audiences as did not pay tho expanse of thi room they exhibited in. The Governors could not risk in that manner a loss of the little money they had U dispose of. (Applause.) : The Chaibhut said, in roply to a qussttcn, that he wai afraid the catalogue could not be furnished gratis, bu the smallest possible stun should be charged for it. Hi added that it was Intended to give a soiree during thi present montb, and that Hen Kohler had been engage* to conduct tha musicil entertainment. (Apptausi.) Mr. HoLLcra suggested that the Institute should bi made more popular by frequent reunions, scientiSi lectures, and the establishment of evening classes at re duced subscriptions. . . ? ? . The Dhait suggested that the last speaker shouli move for a Committee to consider what alterations should ba effected in the Aot of Incorporation, fo: without that they warn precluded from acoeptinj smaller p utacriptions than 6s. par quarter. - Mr. HottiifB moved, «ad Mr. Wainiro seconded, th appointment of a Committee to consider and report 01 advisable amendment!! lo. tha Act ef Incorporation. Mr. J. H. Clabk thoajrht they conid establish classe on terras a» susgested,, although they could not adml persons as full members of tha Institute except on pay meat of the prescribed subscription. The Chaismas, in reply to Mr. Shaw, said th necouut8 of the Inetitute were strictly examined by th Auditor-General, and that ho hoped the Governors woui bs soon able to effect the work of collecting without an addition to the workiapr expenses. Mr. Payitb hoped that the officer of tha Institut upon whom the collecting would be devolved Bhould b allowed a coramisoion to incite earnestness In that in porfcint wcrlr. (Applauiio.) Mr. CAWinoiurn moved as an amendment that : Standing CoramitUa of six ba appointed to co-operat with tho Governors ill the management of the Inntituti Mr. Fbasois thoitRtt t-.at suggestion involved a alteration of tha maaigemeut prescribed by tha Act. Mr. T. H1LL3 did not Bee why the subscribers to tn library should net have a Managing Committea as we 03 tbo other affiliated Societies. As tha Cornmltte could oaly suggest matters, they could nrt ibflaence b voto the decisiomi cf tho Board or Governors. He move that tha Committee should canslstof twelve members. ilr. A. J. Bax32 3eccnded Mr. Hills's motion. Mr. SIdlwb hopefi that Mr. Hollics's Bu^geBtton 1 to the establishment of classes would bo carried on Ho would be willing to pay half the oubscription for tt boys if the amount could not ba reduced, and to rowai in addition tho lads whu made the moat progress, E moved— , . , . ,. , 'That a working Committee be appointed to aid ! obtalniDg subscription!, and to confer with tha Gove nors representing the labicribers, such Committee 1 bo appointed annually.*' ' MrrHoixiVB thought the other Societies, suoh as U Socisty of Aits, should to repxestatod In the Committ* He consented towithOraw his proposal in favour- of Mr* Mellor'a amendment. J ; Mr. J. H. Clam thought Mr: Mellor's nsolutlon would answer the object in view without infringing, as the others would, on the provUioua of the Aot. Mr. Cawthorne'e hngusge. ' to ooperate with the Board,' might be construed ' to take part in the management j' bBtLas Mr. ;Cmthonie disavowed that meaning Mr,* Melloi s resolution would answer the purpose, while ie was not so liable to misinterpretation. *ur|'w* wauo - i^' ^P^'joa Eu-R-2ted that every affiliated Sa-'; ui m. s *s/f rij clllra a r!i:Ut t(- nominate a Copii mittee to assist tha Hoard of Governors aa the subscribers to the library; and th--n, with S3 asaUtants, he was afraid they would realize, tha adage of 'Too manv cooke. In reply to a question, he said the Philotophlcal Society had a Commitu-o to manage their own affiirs Mr. T.Hiils said that was what the subscribers to tho library desired. ? ? . , Tho Daur remarked that it would be scarcsly fair to the 2W members entitled to vote for that meeting to carry that resolution without giving the majori^ a chance to vote upon it. Mr. E. M. ii Asinr raovod that the question be post poned, and that due notice be given of a special meeting lor its decision. ? The motion for postponement wu carried. Mr. WHriEiBOB suggested, with a view to inorease the interest of the proposed eolree, that this Committee question should be then discussed during- the intervals in the music (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Payss stated that he had met with many objec tions to the half-crown eatrance-fee. Mr. J. II. Clabk said that rule could only be altered by placing an amended rule before Parliament for six months, and by consent of His Excellency. The DsAir observed that that was a very fit question to refer to tho proposed Committee. ' ' Tho Chairuak declared the general meeting post poned, and «a-d it was next for the subscribers to the library qualified to vote to proceed with the election ol a Governor. ? . . ? Mr. J. H. Clark and Mr. Mellor Were proposed. Mr. Clark was re-elected by a large majority. . Mr. J. H. Clark assured tho subscribers that he would continue te usa his best exertions to carry out their wishes. . . . ...'..':' n A vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the Chairman, and the business of the evening terminated. 