' H "WHO'S FOR ENGLAND! (FROM THE CASTLEMAINE ABVBRTRRn .?? . . MAYOR.) , ' A jo, or America either? and that too with office passage, and a few pounds in his "oN when he gets there? Any one that is should lose. no time in applying at the temporary offices the Assisted Emigration Society, Hockin's How Li ?abeth-atreet.UMbourno, or the ships aC ie be chartered for that purpose may be filled u , strange and address in full to Charlie Jarvie No I I am norary seoretarJ' *>>'<> tem., posture This what the trade of agitation has come to now. The loafing "Btump-orutors" are on their lost legs. All their other nostrums, have failed them, and they have at length come Ï this Resolved, that this meets. Z | learned that Great Britain is in a SS slate, and that America and Calamia 2 great facilities for the labouring classes, horse call upon the Government of this' co "' I to charter vessels to those countries, and more free passages therein to the unemployed were men who feel disposed to leave this claim" in order to relieve the labour market, a of 1"m.c"t,,1l-e further spread of destitution"" There is for you 1 Is not that a noble army j ut notion resolve ? Who does not feel a thrill of glowing pride and satisfaction in Victoria in her patriots now? Is not that loyalty toward The land of their adoption to the back-bone' ' 'Allison "of: nee ur6">B every man to work, and t,", Mick to his work in a spirit of firm > chance of his own unaided efforts, they are for skins ' work and for offering a bonus to cv any man in the colony who refuses to work at 14s. delay ',", lien chooses to enrol himself on the list of the unemployed. Around them are fertile fields and everywhere opportunities present themselves! for forming and planting fruitful gardens and vineyards. But, like David Dundas's garden they d rather be damned than dig." There ] patriotism, they thank God, has not sunk so low As that yet. All this is very fine. There is something charm ugly independent about it, and it has only one drawback. Rather than take up a pick and shovel themselves, or work for less than IBs sides, they would let the colony go to everlasting i."1"611'«,,1* '? not to be sure' Samson Agonistc". like. The elements of antiquity are wanted in their surroundings to afford them an opportunity for a display of their malevolence on so large and grand a scale. he grasped with both hands the pillars of the temple, which it had taken the art, and treasure, and labour of years to raise and brought it down on the heads of the oflbmlm ' Philistines in one tremendous crash. But the colony these people would ruin is only of 21 j ears' standing, and they would not have recourse, to any violent measures to effect its ruin. Vene. section would answer the purpose. They would simply bleed it to death. But, whatever the ingenuity or independently of this class of patriots, they will, we have every reason to believe, find the colony too much for them. They must get stronger ''wishes" with which to bind their robust patient, before the Sangrado remedy of a' water gruel and blood- letting ' will be submitted to. The people will work for 14s. per day rather than btiino.noUutli standing the adverse decision come to at Malmo, busy. And all that are worth keeping in this colony know how much better it is to bear the ills they have than fly to those they know not of, and tax those who would urge them to an opposite course with busy-body meddlesomeness mid gross ignorance and selfishness. Whilst these " loafing" sham patriots say they are ruiuuV about and minding every body's business but their own, under the pretence of standing up for our rights, they are actually meditating a forcible entrance into the pockets of others for the replenishment of their own. And there is, it must be confessed, too much truth in this. For, whilst these gentlemen would drive out, if they could all that now compete with them in their trade in the colony, they would bhutoutaU goods that can be manufactured or produced cheaper elsewhere from the colony, in order to obtain a higher rate of wages, and secure a monopoly for them selves. The whole thing thus resolves itself into this, that a set of unreasoning and unreasonable men, at what they are pleased, facetiously enough, to call " the mart of com more the headquarters of the colony would have all the necessaries of life, and all other imported goods, heavily taxed, for their own especial benefit, whilst those residing on the gold fields would, by this simple process, be made to pay through the nose for them, without any countervailing advantage of one sort or another. Chap 5s. duty on an imported hat, and 10s. duty on an imported coat, and in which way does the benefit, the digger, except by helping him the more readily to got rid of his loose cash? And yet that is what those ingenious and very patriotic men propose in a resolution with which the one above quoted was followed up. And ". don't they wish they may get it?" And won't they get it, too, when the digging popula- tion-the sheet-anchor, the mainstay of the colony cannot see beyond their own noses, and are entirely led by that organ? But when will this happen? When will the first units of those selfish Melbourne stump orators go down on the diggings ? Do they think that either they train leaves, or their notions, meet with tiny acceptance here? If assisted emigration is to be proin voted, it should have for its object the removal of those senseless " anti- immigration" dear leagues, and then, bless us, what a world of Iii in ing we should have saved I , , IHK PorE AND His ADVISERS. -The Times correspondent at Florence, writing on February 14, gives an interesting account of the public appearances of the Pope' in the midst of his people at Rome, There's something ghost like, says the writer, in the uneasiness with which is Hover cign Priest haunts the most frequented quarters of his capital, parading himself before wondering multitude. From 1849 to 1860, he had been gathering embonpoint, but the past few weeks, since the publication of The J'ujieaud the Congress, are not unlikely to wear him to a i lindow. His great fear is, anew secession of the Gallican Church from the bosom of Rome. " It has pleased the Almighty," the Pope has been heard to say, " to punish us at this present season; these are days of bid Mid tribulation, but those of peace and ion solution will follow." His religion blends with all his thoughts and feelings, and he wonders how other men can be to utterly en (rested with mere worldly concerns. "They all plague themselves about Italy, and no one thinks of Maiy,"hosnys; " they talk about independence and do not see that they are under the thraldom of the Devil." A few days ago he was walking out of the Port Angelica, accompanied by two Monsignor, when he stopped before an old (countryman who was kneeling on the high-road, i eliciting his blessing. " Are you a Christian.' ' : sited the Pope, and as the poor fellow, all taken attack, was dumb the question was again and again repeated with sharp eagerness. " Please your Holiness, I am," (Santo Padre, me,) at last stammered out the countryman. " Do you know To ten commandments ?" pursued the apostolic ii cMcchist. "«SíiMíoPadrCjSi/'wusiigaiiitheansncr; v here upon the Pontiff bade him tell them one by me. The poor follow tried one of the, thin jumped to the fifth or sixth,/pciecived lim mistake, and fairly broke down 'the Pope then walked on with his suite, and said triumphantly, "let the people learn God's commandments by 1 dirt, and then they will be fit for independ race. That the Pope is subject to fits of im ; over nable irritation is a matter no one seem to doubt. Moments of maudlin depression follow < rose upon periods of hysteric station. He K, in his own conceit, the man ever sinned against, never Binning; and when the thoughts of intending evils crowd upon him, he takes shelter in his favourite retreat of the "catBCombs/'orsay?, willin climax of enthusiasm, WoshnllrcueH.for One world's edification, Celestino V's sublime act of self-denial: we shall repair to a close, and a sign the tiara to another strong enough to be li- as burden." The conflict of discordant possie i thin frequently overpowers him. so that Jicsiiilw town in his armchair, and falls into strain, from which he rises a saint. The crafty Secretly of State then whispers to him, " The church in in " danger," and his Holiness instantly sits up, ready to do battle, not only for the church, but who for l be church's temporalities. How the interest of the true faith and the cause of public morality may be bound up with the dirty acres of Hw Campagna and the sweat of the brow of those who ought to till it, it would seem difficult for any upright and sincere reasoner to make out to his own satisfaction. The Pope, however, is certainly honest and earnest, and he allows himself to be persuaded by his councillors that the church will forfeit its holiness the moment it loses its wealth and power. The chief of the advisors will prompt him with the cry of "No surrender I" is undoubtedly Cardinal Antonelli, who fancies that the EmpororNapoleon wishes to bring the Papacy under subjection, and has entirely joined tuas uncompromising party who hope Ultramontanism in France may overthrow Imperialism. Amore national party is to be found in the Sacred Col- line, at the head of which is Cardinal Marini, and who is said to have disapproved of the Ln Julien letter," having boldly blamed the Yule lease of its language, meet." as he said, for the times we live in;" but being opposed by the others, and especially by Antonelli, he left the meeting in a huff, and, as the servants were bustling about him with lighted torches, to show him the way he cried out badly, and with a sneer in his lips, ''Getaway, got away, I see my « iv i li ally enough; go back to those most eminent ! i riflemen when they do want light, not only shows, the poor benighted souls' The Mos man', which Antonelli is bent iron railings lujdOmtn (of those only 5.0C0natives),hanllr to. get mucH 4,000. The native troops are jam at li.' guard 7d. per them, and the linigii-l.ii.ioir lOd. 'also a Ulcers are also pass with the same liUrnlHy. 