HUNTING. OPEXIXG DAY OF XHH M. Mr. O. uproujcre men, my meny, merry men, For 'tis our opening day I ' ? Uprouae ye then, my merry, merry men, And use It aa ye may] .... , Oldata. '.. 'Dear Bell,— Glad indeed am I to be nblo to bead th« present pen-and-ink sketch with a quotation ao apt tt that given above, for, thank goodness, tho 'opening day' has como at last, and no moro need I rocord moro occnalonnl by runs with half- excroiced hounda, and im promptu musters of cavaliers arraved more like stock drivers than as sportsmen In tho ' pink of poifectioii ' »..« ,'uvn ..»....£ £uuw vdivugii u uua pruparauou 01 last work, and a meeting of -the club having gono ofT satis factorily, in n pecuniary point of view, last Saturday waa announced .by thoworthy master as iho commence ment or tho season, and tho tryst named at jolly John Overman's Hunter's Rest' Cheltenham road. For flays beforehand, wore moat of our ' flmt-flighl' fellows in a stato of oxcitomont nt tho prospect of tho coming fun, and what with getting their hunters clipped or alnged, giving them preparatory gallops, paying visits to their saddlors, having interviews with Schneider about rod coataand club buttons, and bustling about vari ous other tlio minutfa at turning ouHho 'correct thing,' very little legitimate business was iranaactcd by certain enthusiastic sportsman for twico twenty-four hours before tho trystlng-timo. When, however, it becamo known that the Governor had accepted nn invitation to the cover side, and would really honour tha opening meet with his presence, many a hitherto undiscovered ad miror of sylvan .joys announced his intention of follow ing tho chase; and whilst avery non-sporting individual who happened toown a quadruped suspected of jumplnir abilities was pestered to death lor the loan of the aaid animal, half the livery-atablo keepers in Melbourno wcro driven frantic by applications for ' clever fencers ' and expected to furnish them at the same rato per diem as common road liacka. ?'? . ? ? . On '.' tho Friday,! evening somo half score ,of over cnger or indlfierently mounted men. mado tboir way down to Overman's, bo aa to save their horse9, and' to make Buro of being on the tpot in tbo time; nor wero those careful onea far wrong in their calculations,; for they profited, by the good old saw of 'flrat enmc, first served ;'?- and had tho pull besides of two hours' more aleep in tho. morning Ihun those cou'.d get who had to quit tho ' arms ef Murphy' beforo sunrise. How these (aw aponHhe ovoning, i.e. what they hai for supper, how often they insisted upon having a laat look nt their nags, or what they had for 'nightcaps,' it behoves, not dopo nont to tell 1 Bufiko to say tbtt all was sorcno, and Sntur day morning camo at last. Punctual to tho appointed breakfast hour, seven o'dock, up enme many a happy sportflman on a enntoring hack or in coirffortablo buggy, and soon were John's tables thickly surrounded, nnd bis wcll-atockod larder put to the test. Lord ! how tho chaps did feed, being so appetiaed by the early air ns uttorly to disregard any prospcctlvo stitch in tl 0 side, or tlio reasonable profits of tlio providing landlord I However aoon tbo ringing too-too.too of tho mnutor's horn WUa heard In tho distnnco, nnd forthwith Bprang up each ?? merry merry mnn,' Bomo Hastening to tho ostler with iniperntivo ordets for Instantmicous saddling, souio rushing to tho front of tho inn for a look at tbo 'npottod darlings,' and others quietly Blinping into tbo bar for a drop uf 'DutJl' courage, merely to nottlo their breakfasts, of courso, llion, na each mnn sprung, climbed, or wna lifted intu the pigskin, how they did question ono another na to the qualities onione-m-sh, and how boldlv they talked of person..! intentions in ' daring deeds.' Truly, to ace aroiinu tbo liostlovy tlio muster of scarlet coated, neatlv breeched, wclLwounlcd cavaliers, besides tho numbers n mum, nnd to liotlco the scores of canine on lookers fro-.n tho neighbouring cottnnes, reminded ono ft a cra.;ic midland county meet ; whilst tho oven nnd licall iy nppenranco of tho hounds told of kernel care us CKditablo as needful. Anxiously now wore nil ovts turned up tho rond for tho momentarily expected \m peartneo of tlio Governor, nor wna bis arrival lotig delayed beyond tho appointed clghToVjlock tTT'51 with n well-appointed groom in charoe hnii i, 'hors«, ! tually sent forward, nnd all therororo knew ,'1. pu'c- I Henry 'meant it »nd no mistake' As ho, at Si' I tho toll-bur, -accompanied by Capt. Banoroft M VnUp ?' I Watsjn and tho membors of, tho Hunt rocoiVn 1 11 WrW E due' form, nnd His Excellency, . havinc w!,u. 'n '« I body a; cheerful good-morning, quickly nu,,cverr stirrup.: At-, tho .corner .of, th? ]„?,» ''I1 ''- which ^tho pack bad alrea'dy proceed* i w' Excellency waa -welcomed by tho lsrco n 1 !s with a spontaneous burst of cheers, nor is it in 1 °S« dorcd at thnt to rather outre n compliment shn Zu Woa; to a gentleman so deservedly popular lin alJePii-l 1 world fie manages to pnlroniso so many pk'cM -nil lu '' people, and always to find an affable word and 'i''7 a puzzle to' mo, for ho is both ubiquitous and ' ' grncloU3. For Instance, on tbo previous nftemnn iO'lni' nUcndod the Rogattn, In the' evening 1 6 ZV'V'ai Thoatro Royal, on tbo Saturday mommi: ho *w« ^ ua hours before' tho fishlbrinble breal,fasttlm» I,.1''1!1' afternoon ho' whs again at iho Yafra side- djatr'i ' . B prizes to nmntour acullers and professional »m 'H and maklnK littlo speeches toeacb as kind asnnm ? ''- But ifls not Nimrod'a GhosVs oliico to ? ffijIT''- body, though, it ,1* somowlint excusable for .,,°i'i' f'.toast,' and ao let's proceed'Wlththochaao ' y. Attended by two whippera-in. nnd 'escorted bv . cavalcade' -of no lesa ithan':-sixty-ei»ht hnL y * ? tho; muster, on ;Sevonty-four, led the way to 1 n ' about two.miles in the rear of our Btarting-nolnt w'1 I kangaroo nro always to bo found. Amoncst tlm1 1« I horses In hia fleld-wcro Hobby,' Mocking Bird Bl.rK1'1 I Littlo Wonder, Birthday, Long Dog, Conuu./s °a kb.°f,' I Princo Albert; and. [a .fow others, less famous L - i riders to vaunt of deeds yet to bo done. WlilUt if . ? m through .the bush, tho.; Hon.. Sec. of 'tl' TO 1 rodo by tho Bido of tho Governor, nnd discount E . I ' prcsumo, of Australian ~ venory in „' „ ' f rnl, and Victorian hunting in particular. HowpJT I on approaching a log fence which Mr. Walaon wi- ».?' I idently intondfng to, cross. Mr. ,'H. pollloly mado v conge', remarking that tho 'redcoats were expected 1 show the way,' and cantered up t& tho jump. Alns! 1 human presumption and equine /oWibility, lli0 auin 1 that waa to show, tho waj , cleared n way instead ot il, fence, nnd camo sprawling on tho ground with hia rlX in tho most 'sixes and sovons' sort of manner Ti though not hurt moro than akin fiecp, it must have ben! rathor a mental wound for tho Sec. to see, as he mim bled out of his brute'd way, Sir Henry quietly ponninj over tho logs and looking pityingly down on tho fallen aspirant. ? Throo or four other follows rarst have como to grlof somehow nt the same leap, f,.r ilor ',, were to: bo scon riderless during somo minutes and sundry calls for assistance had, as usual in the hunting field (except uuder special circumstances of Occident) tlio deaf ear turned towards them. After nbout half aw hour's draw, through open heath, nnd several disan. pointmenls nt finding no long-tail at homo in former haunts, a horseman was seen galloping up with elevated bat, and we knew atonco that a quarry had been Cisco. vered. Quickly wore the hounda thrown forward in the rightful direction, nnd beforo there was time for a feather, whimper, or challcnpo from Daunter or I' Gay-lass, two flying-docs sprang away at view. Tally- f ho! too- tool tallybol tootoo too-too I shouted and bleir 1 the master, away duahcd tho cnger pack, nnd each man I nssttmed a firmer scat in his saddle and look a tighter E hold of his horse's head. In the first 200 ynrds, one kangaroo went to the left nnd tho other to tlio right tho hounds dividing; but cro you could aay 'holloa ' goose,' the sinister division was whipped off, and dexter. ously laid on to tho right by Fred.' )n le-s than a mile -it was clear to the learned in the craft that it was a ' bad scenting morning. - Check nficr check occurred and tbe mo3t diligent coating did not euccced in lift ing tho. 'darlings'' forward fast enough on tho faint trail. For more than two hours did Mr. Watson per- ' Bevero in vain, tho lino being round Keys's paddock, , t the booming fence of which enly Birthday crofsed; bit , no kill could ho cam, and soon nfter eleven o'clock ha E ' deemed it wisest to knock off. The Governor, nnd a fen- K ' parties obliged to return early to Melbourne, had parted E 1 company nn hour previously, and a gonernl rnco home- m , wards look place when tho houndBWuro finally stopped. 1 , Thera was very little fencing, as much to tho disgust of , : the select, as to tha delight of the tyras, ami the only . spill during tho running was In a ditch by a horse that : j shouldn't havo done it, Comua. it] It ia a wonder, indeed, not to record a kill with to ? staunch a pack, but dopend upon it, dear Hell, n better ~ j finish will bo chronicled after our second tryst, !?-? .-?-?) : NIMROD'S GllOST. , We aro rcqueated by tho Hon. Sec. to notify that Iho , j M.H.C. hounds will meet on Friday next, nt Ovcrroan'n, instead of on the Saturday; the master kindly avoiding , to interfere with the Caufficld races. On tins Queen's - birthday, there will also bo a grand field-day; nnd the 1 pack will not go out on the following Siitunlnv, on account of the Jockeys' Association meeting. Ou Tliurs- ; day next, at three o'clock, tho members are U meet at : \ Kirk's Bazaar on business matters. ; 