OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Wednesday, September 26,1860. Englishmen are now more than ever absorbed in foreign and colonial affairs — the legitimate penalty, or privilege (from which ever point of view we like to regard it), of having " an empire on which the sun never sets." Now that Parliament has risen, our stock of home grievances to discuss is limited. Our backs have got used to the burden of the heavy income-tax ; and the drenching rains are too incessant to be in any sense a novel topic. Politics are at the very lowest discount, and harvest operations will not suffice to fill the newspapers ; yet the recess thus far has never been less dull. We are like the audience at a theatre before whom a succession of high wrought dramas are being enacted in which they play the part only of spectators. If we want an appalling tragedy, there are the Syrian massacres reproduced in all their ghastly features in the columns of the Times. Garibaldi's exploits outdo melo-drama. The Chinese war is an intricate plot, the unravelling of which none can foresee ; while the struggle in New Zealand revives the good old time when a long series of incredible blunders paved the way to a costly and useless triumph. Who cares for novels and romances when his daily paper supplies from real life more of excitement, of heroism, of thrilling incidents, of vivid description, than can be found in works of fiction. The Emperor Napoleon has come down from his perilous pre-eminence. He is no longer "the observed of all observers." The long series of coups de theatre by which Europe was astonished, stupefied, and finally aroused, has ceased. While he is visiting Savoy, Nice, and Algeria, holding back the old despotisms of Europe that Garibaldi and Victor Emmanuel may have a clear stage, and preaching from his own lips, and from those of Persigny, the advent of the new era of peaceful development, we are engaged in watch- ing the combinations forming against him, and in cal- culating beforehand the net result of the collective wisdom that will next month be represented under the three crowns gathered together at Warsaw. We have yet to learn what is to come out of the new com- binations of the high diplomacy of Europe. The Czar once more steps down upon the arena of European politics like a Deas ex machina on behalf of old-fashioned despotism. He has broken with France, some say because France would not consent to stem the revolutionary tide in Southern Italy. He has forgiven Austria her "immense ingratitude," and comes forward to stop the threatened dismemberment of her empire. Will a new holy alliance be con- cocted in the capital of Poland ? Will Prussia be guaranteed the integrity of her territory, Austria en- couraged to hold fast to Venetia, and to trample out the rising disaffection in Hungary? Will the limits of Liberal concessions be fixed by the three crowned heads that will at Warsaw represent the supreme authority of one-half of Europe ? Will the terms of a new coalition against France be then decided, and the bait prepared that is to draw England into the new combination ? Such are the speculations that the coming Warsaw Congress have already excited. The prospect has already considerably modified the tone of English journalism, and it is remarkable that the recent reported attempt upon the life of the Emperor Napoleon at Toulon — now stated to have been unfounded-has elicited an expression of feeling here that indicates a marked abatement in the fear of French aggression. The present head of Imperial France is now become a necessary part of the European system, is the new creed of the Times. He may have dangerous schemes in his head, but his sagacity always interposes to prevent rash deeds and a varied experience of life has taught him many truths which Kings born in the people seldom learn at all. Difficulties with this country have arisen under all his predecessors, but he makes it his business to develop those interests and resources which are in the long run favourable to peace. In short, Louis Napoleon has made himself necessary for the time to France and to Europe. " If he has not established claims to our gratitude, he has succeeded in making us fear his premature death more than the continuance of his power." The abatement of French pretensions, and the altered posi- tion of the Emperor, is seen in the report that he has intimated his willingness to make a trip to Warsaw to renew his assurances of peace and good-will, and the still more emphatic disclaimer of, any desire to obtain further "material guarantees" whatever may happen in Italy. Garibaldi is enacting history with a rapidity that is positively startling. A single month has sufficed to enable him with a mere handful of followers to conquer the kingdom of Naples, a European State that can boast of 12,000,000 population, an army of 100,000 men, and a fleet of 50 or 60 sail, It was on the 19th day of August that the Italian Liberator landed. On the extreme southern coast of Calabria, with some 4,000 of his volunteers advancing without delay upon Reggio, but there first encountered Neapolitan troops upon their own soil. The town was taken by a coup de main; the citadel surrendered after a sharp attack. This encounter, in which although no more than 140 lives were sacrificed, decided the fate of the kingdom of Naples. That great edifice of despotism which King Bomba had spent his life in consolidating, fell down at the blast of Garibaldi's trumpet. The easy victory of Reggio placed in his possession all the forts on the shore of the Straits of Messina, and thus enabled his volunteers to land without hindrance from the coast of Sicily. Thus reinforced, and resolved to spare the effusion of blood, Garibaldi advanced against two divisions of the Royal army ; but instead of offering them battle, first outflanked, and then called upon them to sur- render. Audacious demand, made in violation of the established rules of war ! But Garibaldi fights less with the sword than with his irresistible prestige. With a reserve of artillery and bayonets, he summons the Neapolitan legions somewhat after the fashion of the fallen Archangel addressing his disheartened followers :-" Awake ; arise, or be for ever fallen." His call is obeyed. The Royal troops surrender ; and presently Garibaldi is in their midst, hugged and overpowered by the caresses of the soldiers, who but an hour before were in battle array against him, and who are now transported with joy at the permis- sion given them to disband and go to their homes. Thenceforward the Liberator advanced without a foe to cross his path. The defenders of the Bourbon dynasty dispersed, surrendered, or retreated. On the 23rd of August Garibaldi was still at Reggio ; and on the 8th of September he entered Naples as a conqueror. Within that short fortnight he had overcome all sorts of difficulties, dispersed an army of 40,000, and sent into perpetual exile one of the ancient dynasties of Europe. " Such has been the progressive character of this Neapolitan campaign," writes one of the English correspon- dents, " that Garibaldi and his officers walked through the first stages ; they rode as soon as they won saddle-horses ; took to private carriages when their chargers were knocked up ; then hastened their speed by posting, and finally ended their march by sea." The world has perhaps never witnessed so unique a spectacle as this Garibaldian campaign. In his rapid advance the Liberator passed some 25,000 of the disbanded Bourbon army. At Salerno, Mr. Edwin James, M.P., obtained a brief interview with Garibaldi during his short stay there, and found the Liberator of Italy in his red shirt, a dirty pair of jean trousers, and worn-out boots ; combing his long thin hair at the glass in the little bedroom which was his hall of audience. " Deputations of priests and Franciscan monks were crowding into his presence. Women and children were throwing flowers into the room, in the corner of which he sat in a rickety old chair, unmoved and tranquil." In a second interview, the honorable member thus reports his conversation with the Liberator :-" Sir," said he, and a peculiar lighting up of his countenance at once struck me, " diplomatists doubt me. I shall be loyal to Victor Emmanuel. I love him as my life. I have served him without an oath. I shall imme- diately do all in my power to procure annexation to the King of Piedmont. But these things I must do in my own manner." Garibaldi entered Naples on the 7th with a staff of 15 persons, who came by rail from La Cava. His entry into the Neapolitan capital is thus described by one of the English correspondents : "Followed and accompanied by three lines of carriages he went along the Marinella, through the Basso Porto, surrounded by thousands, and deafened by their greetings, up the Lago Castello, and so on by San Carlo and the Palace of the King, which Royalty left only a few hours before, and entered the Palace of reception for Foreign Princes. The crowd waved backwards and forwards, and looked up to the windows and shouted for the appearance of Garibaldi. First came one red coat, then another, and at last the hero. What a cry of ' Viva' there rose from the vast mass below! When last that balcony was occupied, by a distinguished personage it was by the Grand Duke of Tuscany, but in answer to no calls, for there were only a few of those idlers who always hang about the palaces of Princes. It was impossible to make himself heard amid the noise and confusion, and so Garibaldi leant over the iron railing and gazed intently on the crowd. A wave of the hand at last asked for silence, but in vain. ' Zitti, Zitti !' rose from all sides, and there was a perfect silence. ' Neapolitans,' said a voice as clear as a bell, and with an enunciation so distinct that nothing could fail to reach the ear. " This is a solemn, holy, and memorable day. This day, from being subjects under the yoke of tyranny you have become a free people. I thank you in the name of the whole of Italy. You have performed a great work, not only for Italy, but for all humanity, whose rights you have vindicated. 'Hurrah for liberty !' so much dearer to Italy, inasmuch as she has suffered so much more than other nations. ' Long live Italy !' " The cry was taken up by the thousands assembled, and ' Viva Italia !" might have been heard from one end of the city to the other. There were curious spectacles to be witnessed in the crowd. There were members of a legion of Amazons to the number of 200, who, dressed in the Garibaldian uniform, had vowed to place themselves in front of the National Guard and of Garibaldi, in case the military had interfered. There were priests with tricoioured scarfs over their shoulders and banners in then bands, and bareheaded monks with muskets on their shoulders. There were men and women with un- sheathed swords and daggers and swordsticks in their hands, which they brandished in all the drunk- enness of enthusiasm. There were hundreds of laz- zaroni armed with pikes, which had been provided for the defence of the barricades had the Bourbons driven the people to such extremes. Such were some of the scenes to be witnessed. Two days previously, Francis I I., by the advice of his Ministers, had embarked on board a Spanish vessel for Gaeta, the sea fortress on the north- west coast of that kingdom, which King Bomba had pre- pared as a strong place of refuge in case of need. Not a single ship of his formidable navy would deign to escort the Royal outcast. On the day of Garibaldi's triumphant entry, the King of the Two Sicilies was forgotten. One of the first acts of the Dictator of Naples afforded proof of his loyalty to Victor Emmanuel. The Neapolitan fleet was at once placed under the command of Admiral Persano, of the Sardinian navy. Though Garibaldi was known to sympathise with the views of the Mazzinists, and is greatly guided by the counsels of Dr. Bertani, he chose his Ministers from the ranks of the moderate party, and took measures for at once organising a government. A number of decrees have been issued liberating all political prisoners, removing Custom- house barriers between Naples and Sicily, establishing trial by Jury, and suppressing the order of the Jesuits. But the influence of Garibaldi's ex- treme advisers is shown in the defiant spirit towards the Emperor of the French, that breathes in the proclamation announcing that the Liberator " will annex Naples to the kingdom of Piedmont on the Quirinal, at Rome." Since the above was written, more evident symp- toms have appeared of the differences between Garibaldi and the Sardinian Government, fomented no doubt by the extreme party which has gathered around him at Naples. He has proclaimed indeed the Sardinian statute as the law of the land for Naples as well as Sicily, but he will not at present take any steps for annexing these conquered territories to the Crown of Victor Emmanuel. "At Palermo," he says, in a recent proclamation to the Sicilians, " annexation was demanded, that I might not pass the Straits ; at Naples it is demanded, that I may not cross the Vulturnus. But as long as there are chains to be broken in Italy, I will follow my course or bury my bones there." And he repeats, " At Rome, people of Palermo, we will proclaim the king- dom of Italy, and there only will be sanctified the great family bond between free men and those who are still slaves of the same country." But the Liberator does not conceal his antagonism to Count Cavour. " I will never reconcile myself with men who have humiliated the national dignity, and sold an Italian province," he writes to a friend in a letter published in the official journal. Garibaldi cannot forgive the cession of Nice, his birthplace, to the French empire. But it is to be remembered that these ebullitions took place before the decisive events in the States of the Church were known at Naples. The signal success of Garibaldi in Naples placed the Sardinian Government in a position of extreme embarrassment. While Garibaldi was on his way to the Neapolitan capital, Signor Farrini was sent to Chambery to congratulate the Emperor Napoleon on his first visit to his new provinces of Savoy and Nice, and to present an autograph letter from his Sovereign, in which Victor Emmanuel declared that it was impossible for him any longer to resist the current of public feeling in Italy, and that he must head it or be swept away by it. What the reply of the Emperor was we are not informed, but it may be easily gathered from subsequent events. The Sardinian Government at once resolved to demand the disbanding of the Papal mercenaries under General Lamoricière. Before the envoy had reached Rome, 50,000 Sardinian troops had crossed the frontier under Generals Cialdini and Fanati, and occupied several of the towns of the Marches and Umbria. The first-named General thus addressed his troops in entering upon the short campaign — " I am leading you against a band of foreign adven- turers, whom the thirst for gold and desire of pillage have brought into our country. Attack and disperse these miserable assassins without mercy ; let your hand smite them with the anger of a people which wishes its nationality and independence." Whatever the military genius of Lamoricière, he could do little with half-disciplined troops against so superior a force, backed by an insurgent population. All the strongholds of the Papal Government fell one after another, including Perugia, the scene of the bloody massacre last year; and the Swiss General Schmidt, who directed that slaughter, was taken prisoner. Cialdini's rapid advance cut off Lamoricière from his base of operations. The French General resolved, therefore, to risk a general engagement, and attacked the Sardinians with great fury at Castelfidardo, within a few miles of Ancona. After a desperate battle the Papal troops were routed, and finally capitulated, though the Sardinians lost 1,000 men in the encounter. Lamoricière escaped into Ancona, which is now besieged by sea and land. Outside of that city there is not a single Pontifical battalion. With the loss of his army, the temporal sove- reignty of the Pope virtually comes to an end. He is still in Rome, but is upheld there only by French bayonets — a prisoner in the hands of General Goyon. His appeals to the Catholic Powers will be of no avail. Austria, if willing, cannot aid him ; France will refuse to interfere on his behalf, beyond retaining possession of the Eternal City. Sooner or later it is probable he will seek safety in flight. If he cannot be prevailed upon to re-occupy the Papal palace at Avignon on French territory, which is being refitted in case of need, he will probably go to Spain. Such a termination of his troubles will be generally accept- able. The Emperor Napoleon will no longer require to garrison Rome, and will thus be able to throw up an embarrassing and costly responsibility ; and Gari- baldi may be able to carry out his intention of pro- claiming the kingdom of Italy on the Quirinal. One episode of this short campaign is too unique to be passed over. The greater part of the Irish Brigade, 600 men, garrisoned at Spoleto, a position far removed from Lamoricière's head quarters, deprived of all support, and in the face of .an overwhelming force, they had no other alternative than to surrender themselves prisoners of war without striking a blow. This event has called forth an article of derisive ridicule from the leading journal, provoked, if not justified, by the gasconade of the Irish supporters of the Papacy. The prisoners have all been released and allowed to return home. " Thus" says the Cork Reporter (an old organ of the Roman Catholics) " fades away the day-dream of many an ardent youth; thus end in despondency the aspirations of many a gallant but misguided spirit. We cannot but lament that courage, faith, and self-sacrifice have met such a fate ; but neither can we regret that the events which have consigned those Irish soldiers to captivity have made them powerless to strike again in a conflict in which they should never have taken part. At the best they were not in a position to know with certainty that they engaged on the right side in the struggle ; at the worst they might have pledged themselves to lay down their lives for the maintenance of a system of despotism, against which every generous spirit and manly nature would have re- volted." The remarks of the Roman Catholic journal upon the probable end of the temporal power of the head of the Church are instructive, considering the quarter whence they emanated : " It is a fact of no ordinary significance that while the temporal power of the Pope seems passing away from him with unexampled rapidity, and when reports are rife of His Holiness's intention to with- draw even from Rome itself, disbanding his army, and leaving everything to the mercy of his assailants, we have as yet no evidence that Catholic Christendom is in any great dismay, because of what has occurred for what is supposed to be imminent. What is the significance of this fact ? Not certainly that the Catholic world is indifferent to the dearest interests of the religion it professes ; but simply that it sees nothing to be very much concerned about in the ab- straction of temporal dominion from its spiritual head. Were it otherwise, did the Catholic population of continental Europe hold the strange belief that their religion needed the stay of territorial dominion for its security, long before now we should have seen the Pope at the head of forces which would render aggression on his States altogether hopeless. But the idea is nowhere entertained, except by those whose fanaticism or extreme religious fervour blinds them to the plainest truths of history. Its pages show to any reflecting man, what there is far higher historic testi- mony for, that the Church of Christ is wholly inde- pendent of human institutions, and that it can be shaken by none of the storms which annihilate dynasties and overwhelm thrones. Assuredly, it does not need for its sustainment the preservation of des- potic rule and the trampling down of civil liberty. Where such rule has been abrogated, where such liberty has been found, the lamp of faith has ever shone out most clearly. And if we live to see the social and political regeneration of Italy we shall wit- ness with it, beyond any doubt, its religious and moral regeneration too." " 1860" will be known, so far as this country is concerned, as the sunless year. So little have we seen of the glorious orb of day that it is wonderful how the crops have ripened at all. However, since I last wrote we have had nearly three weeks of fine dry weather, though with very little sun, that came just in time to prevent an utter failure of the harvest. Our farmers made the most of the fortunate change, and a great part of the wheat crop south of the Tweed ha3 been carried in good condition. For the last week, however, the rain has returned with the westerly winds, and must have caused great damage to the outstanding crops. In Ireland it is feared the potatoes are seriously damaged; but such have been the social changes that have taken place there during the last few years, that there is no fear of a famine following upon a failure of the potatoe crops. Con- tinual emigration to the States has so thinned tho population that there is no superabundance of labor in the sister island. With the large importations that are coming from across the Atlantic-the harvest ia the Western States of the Union and in Canada having been enormous-there is no fear of famine prices, even if we have, as is likely, a defective crop at home. But according to trustworthy opinion Ihe coming winter will be a trying time for our commer- cial classes. Our daily papers, or rather the Times, is filled with descriptions of the Prince of Wales's tour in Canada -one of the best of the " own correspondent's of the leading journal" being attached to the suite of His Royal Highness. This interesting writer has told tlie British public more of the condition and resources of our North American colonies than all the books that have been published on the subject, and there can bo little doubt that the information he has given of their capabilities will turn the tide of emigration strongly in the direction of the Canadas. The Prince has been most unfortunate in the weather since his arrival in Caaada. All along the route intermittent rain has marred the effect of the preparations made for his reception, though it has but little damped the enthusiasm of the Canadians. The further he pene- trates the country, the more popular does he become. Leaving all State affairs in the hands of the Duke of Newcastle, the Prince enters heartily into the enjoy- ment of his trip. His urbanity,and his love of dancing, and his fearles3ne33 have turned the heads of the fair sex. At the public balls he takc3 part in every dance. He went down the rapids of the Saguiney in a canoe ; " did " the more formidable rapids of the St. Lawrence in a small steamer ; went down " a timber shoot" on the Ottawa with the lumberers; and, in fact, seems to have entered heartily into every adventure. I At Montreal he laid the last stone, and clinched the last rivet of the Victoria Bridge, which is five times longer than any other bridge in the world. At Ottawa he laid the foundation-stone of the new Parliament House. This out-of-the-way town has been chosen as the future seat of Government for the United Canadas by the fiat of the Home Govern- ment ; but such is the general dissatisfaction at the choice that the decision will probably be reversed, and Montreal fixed upon as the capital. The prepara- tions made in the last named city illustrated the magnificence and zeal of the Canadians. A pavilion capable of holding some 4,000 persons was erected specially for the public ball given in honor of the Prince, and some sixty acres of land were laid out in walks, with shrub3 and illuminations for that even- ing's enjoyment. It was a scene worthy of Haroun-el Reschid. At Kingston, which also was once fixed upon as the capital of Canada, occurred the only serious annoyance that has marked the Prince's progress. In this and the neighbouring country, as far as Toronto, party spirit runs high. It is the border land of the Catholics of the lower, and the Protestants of the upper province. Here Orangeism flourishes in all its rankness. The rumour that the Prince was to be received in Toronto with an Orange demonstration elicited from the Duke of Newcastle a public letter that his Royal Highness could not give countenance to any such parry displays. This remon- strance, however, was set at nought by the factious Orangemen of Kingston. The story is thus told: When the Prince, with his suite, arrived at Kingston, they found an arch covered with Orange decorations, and several hundred Orangemen wearing the ensigns of their order, and having numerous flags and a band. The Mayor of Kingston and several of the citizens waited on the Duke of Newcastle on board the steamer, and were informed by him that this party display was one which the Prince could not countenance ; that it wa3 in accordance neither with the spirit in which he visited Canada, nor with that in which he had been invited ; that his Royal High- ness had crossed the ocean to visit the colony on the special invitation of the whole people, without dis- tinction of creed or party ; and that he therefore could not approve of his visit being made the occa- sion of insult to any of Her Majesty's subjects. They were further told that the Prince would be glad to see the Orangemen, but they were asked to abstain from the symbols of their party organization ; and, finally, they were informed that their persistence in a course which must necessarily be "offensive to their fellow-citizens would prevent the Prince from accept- ing the hospitality of their city. The Orangemen were " firm," their motto was " No surrender;" if the Prince would not give them an opportunity of annoying their neighbors he was not a Prince for them. If he came, they were resolved to " honor his Royal Highness by their presence," as their reso- lution expressed it ; if not, he might go. For four and twenty hours the Prince, who allowed them that tiaie for reconsideration, was kept cruising up and down their bay, or taking shelter from the rising wind under the lee of one of the islands, and at length they had the satisfaction of seeing him steam away. The ill-mannered fanatics vowed that they would follow the Prince wherever he went. On his arrival at Belleville, they were on the landing ready to obtrude their offensive party badges upon the royal party. The steamer's head was turned away to Coburg. Here also the Orange attempted to follow; but " by a curious coin- cidence " the train that conveyed them was an hour and a-half too late, so that the reception was accom- plished before their arrival. This insulting behaviour disgusted even their own friends. When the Prince reached Toronto he found that the proposed Orange procession had been abandoned, and he was received with a magnificence and enthusiasm scarcely equalled. By the last accounts he had reached Niagara, where he was to remain some days. There can be no doubt that the Prince will be received with the greatest cordiality in the United State3. There the excitement of the struggle for the Presidential election is fast rising. The issue is very doubtful. At present the chances are in favor of Mr. Lincoln, the Republican candidate, who is at the head of a united party, and represents the free soil principle, or no extension of slavery. Mr. Breckenridge is the regular Democratic candidate, and carries with him nearly all the Southern States. He is in favor of slavery extension, and the right of Americans to carry their slaves into any part of the Union. Mr. Senator Douglas, the Independent Dsmocratic candidale, takes a medium course. Ho would recognise the right of Territories to decide the slavery question for themselves before they are ad- mitted as States. < Mr. Bell, who does not stand the ghost of a chance, simply unfurls the banner of Union. The contest is likely to be moreAxciting than that of 1856, when Fremont ran his antagonist, Buchanan, so close. The battle-field is virtually narrowed to the great States of New York and Penn- sylvania. If Lincoln cannot carry these, his pros spects are doubtful. Even if he does, it is feared that the influence and intrigues of the Democrats will baffle him, and manage to throw the election into the hands of the House of Representatives, where they would probably secure a majority. It seems to be expected that before the decisive struggle ensues, Douglas will withdraw, and leave his rival, Brecken- ridge, at the head of the united Democratic party. Autumn is the season of agricultural meetings, when our aristocracy and M.P.'s discourse* on the questions of the day, and " the value of labor and land." But this year volunteer meetings .throw agri- culture into the shade. Our gentry have thoroughly taken up with the new fashion. The papers daily chronicle the doings of our volunteers. Sometimes it is the presentation of a silver bugle by the fair sex ; at another, a country review; then a dinner given by some local magnate; and again district meetings for ball practice, competition for prizes, or thorough drill. The movement is taking deep root of the national sympathies, and still extending. At Knowsley Park, the princely seat of the Earl of Derby, three weeks ago, some 12,000 of the volunteers of Lan- cashire were reviewed and entertained, and 100,000 persons flocked to behold the scene. Our 150,000 volunteers are the topic of every public dinner and gathering. The zeal with which Englishmen have entered into the movement, the rapid progress, and soldierly bearing of the volunteers, and their efficiency have excited the wonder not only of foreigners hero, but of all Europe. The moral effect on the Continent of this revival of martial spirit in " the nation of shopkeepers" ha3 been immense. England never occupied so lofty a position in the estimation of other countries. Volunteering is not, however, the onlv <<u.l_t of Anglo-Saxon energy and pluck. The ri-.i ig 01 Par- liament, and the close of the session, released (h-uioands from their ordinury toil to enjoy the Cvcitcment of continental travel. The Alps are becoming more and more the centre of attraction to adventurous tourists. A walking tour in Switzerland is now the fashion. Within the last two years there has arisen out of this rage for scaling high mountains the Alpine Club, which has taken a high place amongst our insti- tutions. Its members have ascended every consi- derable peak of the Alps, except the Matterhorn, the difficulties of which are too great for even English enterprise. Two-» serious accidents that have lately occurred illustrate the dangers of these Alpine feats. Last month one of three English tourists, in attempt- ing to cross the Col du Geant at Mont Blanc slipped in the snow, and dragged his companions, who were tied to him, over a frightful precipice. They were all killed. The two guides, who were at the end of the rope, let go and saved themselves. In the other ease the Rev. W. G. Watson, chaplain of Gray's Inn, in crossing a glacier pass in the Tyrol, fell down a fissure in the glacier, covered with snow, to a depth of 90 feet, and was killed. A friend who was with him escaped by throwing himself on his face. These melancholy accidents have been much discussed in the daily papers, and rather hard measure has been dealt out to the Swiss guides who accompany these perilous expeditions. The last news from New Zealand has occasioned much indignant comment from our daily journals, especially as to the gross incompetence of Colonel Gold. I see, also, that there is forming in Manchester, under influential auspices, a cotton company with a capital of £100,000. They propose to establish a model farm in the East Indies, for the cultivation of superior cotton for coarse spinning ; and another model farm in Australia, where all cottons of the Brazil, Egyptian, and Sea Island qualities, could be produced. It is believed that in the East Indies and in Australia the Government will render every pos- sible facility which can contribute to the success of the great object of the company. It is understood that Queensland will be the scene of this new experi- ment in cotton-growing. The wandering tendencies of our Royal family are enough to raise the ghost of good King George III, who never travelled out of his own dominions. While the Prince of Wales is in Canada his younger brother, Prince Alfred, has, as we learn, reached the Cape of Good Hope, where he has received an enthusiastic reception from English, Dutch, Malayc, Basutoes, and Kaffirs, and was about visiting the great chief Moshesh, who has been a friend of English rule and missionary labors. On Saturday Queen Victoria, accompanied by Prince Albert and the Princess Alice, left by steamer for Antwerp on her way to Coburg, to visit her consort relatives, and to visit the Princess Frederick Winiam. Lord John Russell accompanied the Royal party. We learn from Syria, that Euad Pacha is enacting summary retribution at Damascus for the horrible massacres. Hundreds have been hanged or shot, including Ahmed Pacha, late Governor-General of the Province, and a Nuchir of the Turkish Empire. These severe measures had struck terror into the hearts of the Moslem population. Fuad's next task will be to bring to justice the guilty Druse chiefs no easy task in so mountainous a country. The French troops remain at Beyrout, and are not likely to stay so long as Euad Pacha fulfils his unpleasant task. There is a strong feeling in fa vor of placing the Government of Syria in the energetic hands of Abd-el-Kader. The Times correspondent gives fearful pictures of the scenes of desolation and misery he has witnessed. It Í3 creditable to British liberality that more than £13,000 has been raised here to relieve the fearful distress of the Christians who have been ruined by the massacres. The month's obituary records great losses. Sir Henry Ward, the able Governor of Ceylon, had scarcely entered upon 1Ü3 yet higher sphere at Madras, as successor to Sir C. Trevelyan, than he was carried off by cholera. Sir Henry was un- doubtedly one of our ablest administrators. A fews days after followed Mr. Wilson, the Indian Chancellor of the Exchequer, who fell a victim to his laborious. exertions m carrying out his new taxation for our Eastern Empire, and whose respon- sible post cannot easily be filled. I remember the 1 time when Mr. Ward was editor of a weekly paper in I London, the Weekly Chronicle; and when Mr. Wilson abandoned the business of a halter in the borough to start the Economist newspaper. They were both self-made men, an honor lo the profession through which they rose to eminence. Mr. Locke, M.P. for Honiton, the celebrated railway engineer, and coadjutor of Stephenson, has also been taken from us in the prime of life. And lastly, the country has been shocked to hear of the untimely death of Mr. Herbert Ingram, M.P., another self-made man, who was the founder and proprietor of the Illvstrated London Weics-the greatest historical journal in the* world. The lion, gentleman was on board the ill fated Lady Elgin, which sunk with some 300 passen- gers in the Michigan Lake in consequence of being run into by a schooner. He had only a few days before been witnessing the fetes at Montreal in honor of the Prince of Wales. POSTSCRIPT.-The tone of an article in yesterday's Constitutionnel, signed M. Boniface, and believed to be inspired by the Emperor, indicate that the Pope is to be left to his fate. It is said that despatches have just been received from Rome to the effect that unless witliiu a very short time-some say a week the Emperor takes measures to drive the Piedmontese troops out of the Marches and the Umbria, and to restore the Pope to the possession of his dominions in their integrity the Pope will leave Rome and place his person under the protection of some other power. The article signed " Boniface " intimates a categorical refusal on the part of France to comply with this exigency. 