MR. STOTZEB'S LEOTUBE. Institute was densely packed StaSk L! TOUnB ' on the OOCMi » n ot Mr Costom.i^u U 011 the 'i, " Institutions and jjostoms of the English in the reign of Queen were™..?? ^"^noT and Lady Young irith S. 1 ' l u i had »>e accommodated •eouem.. r n,w lecturer's table in en- °P««ons occupying tbe seat ei for ,hB \Z,T Vioe Regal party. &t; i' U J er "omtnenced by enforcing of life imteroal cou,t with ft. - ?•. T as connected tories -of Si,? 111 ""tfutions. The vio- »ith the ri . elr lm P or 'ance in connection •liuded te * J, considCTed - He next sWitoniiTlP!" 04 wh0Be B <"tan» he was the real .omit prZr,,.- B^presentatite InsUtutions C ' W ^ England. The rise of <* the Wtigs aud t ««nt™ bt ,l' ^. ,n government of the House, ot the wbers Tk ^•V 6 the "' Bussells, and country if. wiole government of the tte hind. r ma ?y SS m ' was in ftWujUj MtuniuM with all the routine af official business, end the couequence waa that when the Tories did get into office they had lost the art of governing. It was a mistake, however, to suppose that the Whigs were the supporter* of tht popular party from principle. The fact was that when tbe two great parties greir up the Tories were allied with theOrawn, ana'the Whigs naturally threw-tbemelvesM to d» aide of the papular cause. ' Tke monopoly or power by the great Whig noblemea led to the greatest corruption in every department ot tbe State. In faot, the corruption and jobbery among the officials was beyond all belief. He then alluded to Smollett's novels wl ich he iaii, whatever might be their moral tendencies, gave a faithful picture of the manners of the age. Smollett had described the corruption in the navy, and he knew what he waa writing, for he had been an assistant surgeon on board a man-of-war. The lecturer then described the treatment the unfortunate sailors received, and stated that one captain had sold all the mediciaes and medical comforts on board and pocketed t^e money, and when upwards of a hundred of his crew were siek, there was nothing to give them. Nor waa the army in a better I state. Ail the old servants of the nobility j were made captains in tbe army, and he re- lated an amusing adventure described in one of Smollet's tales, which he said was strictly true. Nor were old servants the only ot.es placed in the army. A certain reverend Dean had two daughtets and he travailed up to London to get them provided for. The Minister told ' him be really had nothing to offer tbem but two vacant captaincies in a troop of horse, and he did not think that would suit thorn. " Ah," said Dean, " I have provided against such a ! contingency by having them christened Jack • and Tom respectively," and the young ladies were gazetted to the vacancies. The Lecturer next pointed out the difference between the Town and Country life, and instanced Addison's description of going down to the , seat of Sir Roger de Coveriey, where he was i evidently describing new and strange sensations. But all this was altered in the present' day; but then ten years now saw more progress made, than would have been made in fifty in the age he was describing. Squire Western was next described as a good illustration of the fox-hunting, drinking, and illiterate portion of tbe country gentlemen, and Sir lloger de Coveriey might be taken as a type of the educated countiy gsnleman whose mind and taste had been improved by education and travel. The "Warerley Novels" were alluded to, and the lecturer said that the description of the tbe House and Family of a Northumbrian Squire, to be found in " Rob Roy," was as true to nature aa it possibly could be. " Waverley" also contained another excellent description of the family of a country gentleman of the age. The belief of the peasants in ghost- and fairieB was nest described, and the baneful influences of a belief in such superstitions illustrated. He then turned to the state of sooiety in the towns, which he said was composed of a totally different class. All power was in the hands of the aristocraoy, not only political, but social So great was their influence that any •number of the aristocracy engaging in business at once lost caste. Tha merchants, no Batter how wealthy, could not get admission into the ranks of the nobility. They were compelled to associate with themselves and live by themselves. Tbe consequence of this was that the nobility were an isolated class —public opinian could not reaoh them, and they were totally devoid of shame. So exclusive were the nobility that when I#otd Ferres was sentenced to death for murdering his steward—his order were ontraged at the idea of his being hanged. Finding, however, that no other mode of death could be substituted, it was determined that he shnuld be hanged with a silken rope. Ver y different was the nobility of the {present day, far he believed that the nobility now would compare with any body of men in the world for learning, liberality, and morals. Tbe amusements of the nobility were next described. Gambling, masquerades, and the theatre were the principal of their amusements, and George Selwyn bad left a description of a game of cards, where the gamblers continued for two days and then only interrupted their game in order that the waiters might have an hour's sleep. Swords were nniversally worn, and the consequence was that duels were frequent '.and their ferocity something more than extrordinary. In the duel between the Duke of Hamilton and Lord Mohun, two seconds engaged on either side and the two principal were killed, and threB of the seoonds wounded. The state of the roads were dreadful, and a gentleman could hardly vesture out after dark to visit a friend, without the risk of having bis throat cut before he returned. The education and amusement of the ladies were next sketched. Many could not read and more could not wiite. Even Queen Mary herself, in an j entry which she made in a bible, in her ' own hand, wrote—"This bible was given to I and my husband upon our emanation," for curonation. Their chief amusements were balls, masquerades, and tha Theatres, and gambling as well, or reading stupid and indecent novels, which would be scouted at the present day. But this indecency waa a prevailing thing. Even in Lady Mary Montagu's letters are things constantly occurring which renders them almost unreadable at the present day. But if ladies could not read they were good cooks, and at the great dinners all the work of carving was left in their hands. Lady Montague, in one of her letters, describes a dinner at her father's where she had t* carve, and stand all the time without a chance of sitting down and helping herself, for fear of offending her guests. The dresses of the ladies, the wigs and the black patchea with which they used to disfigure their faces, the manner of dressing the hair in large tiers on the head, end never taking it down for four or fire weeks, were next most amusingly described, amid peals of laughter. AH these things were trivial, but it was by such things we were able to estimate all the changes which had taken place. The Colonial life of England began during this reign, but that he must reserve for another Lccture. 