PADDY O'RAFFERTY TO THE EDITOR. MB. IDITUB, avourneen! it's yerself that'll feel for me, and p'raps jist give me a morsel of wholesome advice gratis; if ye don't, be the powers of Ribbonism, it's meself that'll shortly be honerin' yer Coort wid me presince on a charge of assaultin' and batherin' Happy Jack. Ye may save yerself the throuble of advisin' me to imitate the coolness displayed by Mr. Jones a bit ago on the occasion of bis bein' attacked be a pot Talipot Crimean GineriL No, begorra! there'ud Vie no use o' thryin' it, for Mhin I'm vexod, me hot Irish blood gits up in a minit, and off I goes pop, like a bottle o' John Chinaman's be^t forminted, and sumthin' terrible rash is t'je consequince. But if I wants to keep out .of Vhe.-clutches o' the Peelers, and save meself a journey over thim big plains to that bourne frovn whince travellers do return occasionally, I 'junk I'd better hould no more discoorse wid tnat divil of a Happy Jack. If I was to give bin a good letherin' maybe Mr. Kelly would b^ aftber fmdiii' a shnug lodgin' for me in that p'.ace where he says crows isn't likely to do one an injury ! Would yer riverince belave thF.t Mr. Happy Jack had the oudacious imper^nce to tell me in me own cabin the other nignt that there would be no amalgamation ? ''No," says he, " We won't jine our Benevolent Asylum wid the Workin' Hin's Hospital, _ notwithstandin' the hubabaloo thim chaps kicked up at the meeting What matter," says he, *'what resolutions they passed, it was all amongst thimselves—it was all a' one side, as the reprisintitives of our .Hospital didn't attind, and ye're jist as far as ever from amalgamation, so ye are!" "Why," saya I, brirflin'up, and beginnin' my discoorse wid language no ways resimblin' that nsed in Parleymint; "why, ye ignorantest of spalpeens, do ye know what ye are a talkin' ov At all at all. If yer head isn't cracked it ought to be, an' it's well for ye me -shillaleh isn't within me raich." Och, Mr. Iditur, I quite lost me timper, so I did, an' I "couldn't help it. "Who," •ayB T, u %re yer .represintitives that was absint from the meeting." "Well," says he, "there's Docther Morishinfor one—" "Hould yer saya l, " that chro only reprisints a big liole in the Hospital's unfortunate purse, and wouldn't be intitled to spake at the meetin' altho' he's tak«a the liberty afore Tell ov another that was^abeint. "Well;? aaya he,' lookin' as grave M~*n ould lady at la christenm', "the Ghost of Horace, whiub is an active number in the committee, wasn't there." ; "Odh, T^-an'- onns man!" saya I, bwsfcu)' right <wt« " if it's jokin' ye are, jist say so, and look a bit funny, and don't be k pullin' such a sarious mug." "And there was another, equally important, who didn't go to ;meetin'," says he, without payin' the snghtest attintion to me remark. "Who," says I, losin' patience agin; "The Threasurer, av coorse," says he; it's as plain as the nose on his face that this gintlemin's sanction ought to have been obtained, for, in addition to his bein' the houlder ov the purse, he actually gave a whole one pound note towards the Asylum's support! " Be the powers of Moll Kelly, me ribs is achin' now from the effects ov the roarin' fit of laughter I got into whin he said this. He named one or two others wid the same grave face, but I couldn't make any reply, for I was overcome completely, for I only thin saw that he was makin' game of the few chaps who have scarcely a skmtoge to jingle on a tombstone or bless thimselves wid, and whose united subscriptions wouldn't make a tin pound note. Be the piper that played afore Moses, it's meself that could give me" opinion on amalgamation in the shakin' of a ram's tail. It's me, as well as other workin' min that understands the rial merits and valey ov the Hospital question. What fiabergastherin' nonsince it is to hear a few chaps (whose heads one would imagin was nothin' more nor less than so many overgrown bumps ov self-esteem stuck between, their shoulders) sayin' '' We won't amalgamate ! " and " They won't amalgamate" unless this and that is done. Who ia " We ? " and who is " They ? " Sure it's surprisin' intirely to think that any one but a raal fit subject for Yarra Bend would prate about the opposition of the We and They, which consist of a few new chums, who, bekase they was given the mis- management ov the Asylum for one year, fancy thimselves the propritors ov it at laste. "Hand us over the Workin' Min's Hospital free ov debt and as many pound notes as ye have, and we'll think ov amalgamation." Och, tunther and turf! was ever such nonsince spoken afore. Sorra bit o' me can see the manin' ov it at all at all. Why the very min that built and supported the "Workin' Mins Hospital is the min that built the other one too, and thim is the identical min who signed the requisition, attinded the meetin', and passed resolution in favor of jinen' the two Institutions, bekase they saw no need ov supportin' two establishmints nor permittin' any longer the funds which they had subscribed to be expinded for the sole use and binifit ov a few to whom the Benevolent Asylum has been as good as ovld cheese quite long enough in all conscinse. The mather jist stands in this way:—TOM, Dick, Harry, and me- self build an Hospital and subscribe liberally— come down wid our dust manfully, and obtain long subscriptions. Tom, Dick, and Harry build another one, and lay out lots o' money, and save the first every expense. I, Paddy O'Rafferty, be a fluke and a little dodging, gits possession and control over the first, and calls in the aid ov a few raal outside chaps—min who give nothin' but. take all ttey can get. Afther a while Messrs. Tom, Dick, -Harry, and others, who largely subscribed to ihe first Hospital, comes to the conclusion to hould a meetm' to debate whether or not the two charitie3 which thimselves, and thimselves only, founded and supported ought to be jined together at the expiration ov the time for which I engaged the outsiders. They all agrees that it is very desirable, and I meself sees the propriety ov the step ; but och, murther, murther ! a most sarious objection is taken be me hired sarvants and outsiders, whose time isn't up be a couple of months. They won't have it at all at all. There is a few more pounds left, and they must have binifit ov it. Now, is it raisonable to suppose I would engage such chaps again, or listen to this selfish and absurd flatdoodle ? No, be the whole o' me coat! I couldn't stand sich downright humbug. And is it to be supposed, Mr. Iditur, that the sinsible and benivolent min who founded both our Hospitals would allow to be turned into hobbies for a few Ribbon Volunteers ? It's all fudge, raal fudge, about "handin' over" either Hospital free of debt. The owners of one is the owners of the other, and it would be sometbin.' like a ID in takin' money out ov his right hand pocket and putin' it into his left to make the amount in each equal, before placin' the ivhole in his cash box, so as to make the contributions from both pockets alike. There should be no conditions to amalgamation, for there is no one intitled to impose any. The two Hospitals bein' the property ov the settlers and others who subscribed to build thim, should jist be disposed ov by thim in January nixt in whatever way they may think best calculated to do the greatest good. It is an aisy simple mather to settle afther all, and can soon be managed by puttia' it to the vote. I'll be there, Mr. Iditur, and you'll have a chance ov hearin' me sweet brogue uphouldin' the plain common sinse, and keepin' the raal question afore the subscribers, which is not " What will be the terms of amalgamation?" or "How the money is to be raised to qualify one Hospital to jine the other," or any such stuff, but "How we can best turn our own two Hospitals and the resources of each to the use of those amongst us who may be so unfortunate as to require such, aid ! " Jist as I had completed the above sintmee, Happy Jack, who had been takin' a schnooze, woke up, and says he, " Ye should read the last but one Burster; it's o'erflowin' wid its usual bluster-; showin' the dike's in a terrible fluster. For an amalgamation three- column lader, to tire the poor sowl ov theTader, is the Burster's great litherary hash. Into figures it goes heavy and deep, to prove to us all how terrible cheap the public pays for a patient's fceep at the Deniliquin Hospital and Benivolent Asylum; which you'll belave sooner than rile 'em or hurt the clike, for it's a sin to rile 'em, and bring them too a pre-, mature smash. One column was written by Bumbo, at most, so we may put down another to Horace's Ghost, and the rest was concocted where it rules the roast. For it was too much intirely to come from one janious, was that very same lader so^mountaineous, so full up wid reckonin' and matters extraneous, so the aid of hobf, " for marcy's sake, maybe it's poet'iiry you oblins was called in " ".Stop, stop," saya are spakin," says I. "Maybe," saya he, "there's more truth nor poethry in it." " Well," says I, " whether there is or not I'll hear no morfi- of it. Tell us, has Chief-Justice Kelly beea enter tainin' the public wid a summinin* up and a charge to a prisoner in the dock V " No» w says, he, "but I shouldn't woniier if Bumbo would make one for him. He must do som.ethin' ye know to plaze and pander- to the taste ov his epicurean employers. Poor Bumbo fancies when the Burster issues forth ehoke-a-block full of personalities, that it is as pleasant to look at as a large silver salver. He compares, ia his; "Roundabout," the Burster to a feast (bless the mark); it's not a feast of reason, whatever may be the flaw of sawh PADDY O'JTAJTERTY. 