ADELAIDE, SATDBDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1860. Guptas TBim£ER*j3 cjulvutik&B;, 04 behalf of .fire Terry Kiflemen, to 3shoot against a similar number of Enfields, has occasioned^ no little comment and amusement. We perceive that opinions differ as to this challenge; some persons thinking the Enfield ao superior to the Terry as to render actual comparison in firing ridiculous ; whilst others say that the Terry is sosQperiSr to the Enfield as to make the phallenge one-sided and unfair. He' termB- and 6qiiditionB of the challenge have also been objected to, as calculated to favor one side at the expense of the other; and some little ridicule has been thrown upon the Free Bifl.es for their presumption in challenging the other volunteers. . ; ' . Nowy in the first place, we have to state that the challenge is not from the Free Eifles as a company. They know nothing at all of the movement; they hare not been consulted in it, have not sanctioned it, and are not responsible for it. The challenge is simply from five gentle* men, acting on their own individual responsi bility; and who, feeling desirous of putting the relative merits of two different loads of weapon tothetest of actual experiment, have* in this way invited a friendly match. ? The Free Rifles Company hare, therefore,' as a^ody, nothing whatever to do with the challenge, which is purely a private affair of the challengers. - Perhaps it would have been better had this been distinctly stated in the advertisement of the challengers; but, passing this omission, and taking the chal lenge as simply emanating from fire, gentlemen anxious to thrash any five others, and: (we pre sume) believing that they are able to do so, we really do not see much to find fault with. ' The great question is simply this — Are the Enfields or the Terrys the better weapons P 'Which arm is most reliable for accuracy at alt ranges; which is capable of being loaded and fired most freauentlv, consistentlr with accu racy of aim ; and which is least liable to become fouled or otherwise rendered unserviceable? These questions are of practical importance, and they are not to be determined by the advocates of the respective weapons taking for granted that his own arm is the best, and despising the other. Actual experiment can alone decide the point, and it is absurd for either side to affact contempt for the other. No . fair trial on equal terms has yet been made ; and until it is made, the question mast be considered as in abeyance. A challenge, however, has been giren(; and if that challenge is not; accepted, the public infe rence will be that there are not fire Enfield riflemen in the colony game enough to accept it. Here, however, we must explain ourselves. Weholdthatwherea«haUengeMgirenandnot accepted, the challenger as entitled to the honors of victory, provided the iertns and conditions -#_ the challenge toere equal. -Mr. Tom Sayera was bound to accept the challenge of Mr. John * Heenan, or resign his belt; bat had Heenan im posed unfair conditions upon Sayers, the latter would not have been bound to accept such a challenge. We think, therefore,.that the con ditions of the proposed match between the Enfields and Terrys must be reconsidered. The Terry men should throw out their challenge in general terms, and let the conditions of the match be determined by a Committee chosen from both sides. It is, of course, quite prac ticable for parties to throw out a challenge so one-sided and unequal as to preclude the possi bility of its being accepted. Such a challenge is nil, and must be treated as a mere piece of bombast. We do not say that the challenge of the Terry riflemen is of this character ; we feel sure that nothing unequal, or one-sided, was intended. Sut the conditions of the challenge have been objected toasunfair,and we, therefore, recommend that they be reconsidered with a view to such modifications being introduced as will satisfy both sides.; for if either side is of opinion that it is placed at a disadvantage, defeat will be afterwards excused on thiB ground. We consider it quite practicable to frame such con ditions of the match as will satisfy both parties ; and when such conditions are framed, the party challenged is bound to accept, or to confess in feriority. We say again, that we should very much like to see a match of this kind come off; it would be exceedingly interesting; and not only interesting considered as a trial of skill, but practically useful as indicating which kind of weapon ought to be purchased for the' protec- tion and /tafflnnA nf rtifl ftninnv- . A q,t:e9Tion has been raised as to whether the Assurance Fund created by. the Real Property Act, would cover losses sustained by any. person not having placed his lands under the Aof; sup posing by means of forgery or fraud they had been brought under it by others, and subse quently transferred by certificate. With respect to this question we have no hesitation whatever in saying that the Assurance: Fund would cover such cases, and failing the sufficiency of that fund, that the General Revenue would then be liable. The Assurance Fund is not created simply for the benefit of the friend* of the Real Property Act, but equally for its opponents ; it is not for those only who have placed their property under the Act, but for those who have not placed their property under the Act. It is, however, scarcely possible that a man's property can be placed under the Act without his knowing it, unless, indeed, there are two or three land grants out for the same property, in which case it would be alike unjust and ridiculous to hold the Real Property Act responsible for an error not of its own creation. But supposing the most extreme and improbable case that could happen under the operation of the Act ; suppose a man's land grant or conveyance to be forged ; suppose the forgery to escape detection; suppose the true proprietor never to have seen the advertisements proclaiming the intended transfer; and supposing that the warning thereof conveyed to him through the Post-Office failed to reach him. Suppose, we say, that all these improbabilities actually converged npon and were realized in some par ticular case, ihe person, whose property was thus conveyed away would still be able to claim, and would actually receive its full value, either from the nerson behefitted by the transfer, or from the Assurance Fund, or from the Revenue. It is, therefore, utterly impossible that any man can, by the operation of the Real Property Act, be robbed of the value of bis property by fraud or forgery. The following is the clause relative to the Assurance Fund and its application : — 35\. All sums of money so received as afore said shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said province, to constitute an Assurance Fund, out of which shall be made good the full amount awarded by any verdict or decree of Court to any person deprived of any land or bf any estate or interest therein, by bringing such land under the provisions of this Act, or by the issue of any certificate of title, or by the registration of any transmission, transfer, or other, dealing with land, under the provisions of this Act, failing recovery from the person who derived benefit thereby ; and ike said Treasurer shall, from time to time, invest Buch sums, together with all in terest and profits, which may have accrued thereon, in the South Australian Government securities : provided always that, in case of the insufficiency of such Assurance: Fund, the full amount so awarded shall be made good to the person so deprived of any land, or of any estate, or interest therein, put of the general revenues of the said province. ., , Wb havb been ;aE(jijESTED to give the public some information with reference to the Compe titive Examinations held in England, distin guishing the various colleges at which the com petitors have graduated. Mr. W. Hopkins, F.R.S., of Cambridge, has performed the ser vice required at our hands, and we have, there fore, only to take his figures; * In the year 1856, Oxford supplied four candi dates for the competitive examination, Dublin 4, and Cambridge JI. :- The total number of marks gained was as follows^: — Oxford, 1,948 ; Dublin, 2,391 ; and Cambridge, 2,015. In 1857 the candidates were— Oxford 5, Cambridge 1, Dublin 1 ; and the total of marks, 1,982, 2,207, and 2,082 for the three Universities, in order as specified. In 1858 the candidates were : Oxford 9, Cambridge 3, and Dublin 6, the marks being 2,005, 1,790, and 2,331. In 1859, Oxford sent 12 candidates, Cambridge 9 ; and Dublin 7 ; the totals of the marks being -2,050, 1,982, and 2,139. The ~aggregate of the four years shows : for Oxford, 7,985 marks, for Cambridge 7,994 marks, for Dublin 8,943 marks. On an average the Oxford candidates have stood highest in classics and moral philosophy (except in 1856, when they were beaten in moral philosophy by Dublin) and they have uniformly stood last' in mathematics. The Cambridge candidates have always been first in mathematics and last in moral philo sophy^ The Dublin candidates have stood first in English, also in modern languages ; and the average number of marks obtained by each successful Dublin candidate has been greater than that obtained by any student either from Oxford or Cambridge. Ma. GoY»Ea has been appointed Surveyor General, at £700 a-year, in place of Colonel Freeling, who], leaves South Australia on the 18th December; and Mr. Christie is appointed, at £400 a-year, to succeed Mr. Goyder. We drew attention two or three weeks ago to the forthcoming departure of Colonel Freeling, and to the appointment of his successor, and we are glad to find that the principle of promotion, then recommended by us, has been the one acted upon by the Government. We take it for granted, of course, that in the application of this principle, _/W«e*« is duly considered; for however desirable it may be to act, upon the principle of promotion in the Government service, the interests of the public demand competency in the first place. But where a second in command in competent, and has given satisfactory proof of it, there is no doubt whatever as to the utility and advisability of giving him the place of Chief, when that place becomes vacant ; and the same rule should be observed through every grade in the public service. In France .it is said that -every soldier carries a marshal's baton in his .knapsack; that is, the road to promotion, up to the highest offices, is open to the very lowest in rank and position. Especially should this be the case in the Civil Service. The junior clerk, on entering the Customs department, should feel that he has a chance of becoming the Collector ; the'lowest rated constable in the police force should know that it is quite possible he may become Commis sioner; and so in every other department. Of course, it is only in rare instances that those lowest in rank and position attain to the highest ; but the bare possibility is enough to excite am bition ; and even though there is only one chief in a department, there are many desirable posi tions of second and third rate dignity and emolu ment; and these all being open to competition meritorious conduct has an incentive and a reward. But where strangers to the service are placed over the heads of deserving officers ; where private patronage outweighs considera tions of public approbation ; and where political influence is superior to personal merit, the service is degraded, and its best men are disgusted. We are, therefore, glad to find that the Government have rewarded faithful services in preference to making political capital. No doubt they might have silenced an opponent or have purchased a supporter by a different exercise of their patronage; but they have done best as they have done ; they have acted justly, and, in the long run, wisely. We trust their example will be followed whenever compatible with the paramount claims of the public service. But their rule of action muBt not go beyond this. Fitness must be the first consideration, of all ; and those to whom the exercise of patronage is entrusted must not hesitate to pass by officers next in rotation, if they are not suit able. Let all who devote their time and abilities to the public service understand that if they give satisfaction to the country they are sure of pro motion; but let it be equally well understood that mere seniority apart from fitness is nothing at all. We believe that the appointments made in the Survey Office will give general satisfac tion, and we hope that the principle of action adopted by the Government will be steadily adhered to, supposing no cause to the contrary exists. It is now a. long- tike since the Stuart break fast took place, and if the public were not pretty forbearing, they would before this have raised an outcry against the detention of the promised diary and chart of the late exploratory journey. It was at once admitted on all hands that Mr. Stuart should not divulge the secrets of his trip until he had got clear away upon his second journey; although, perhaps, the majority of those who thus consented to gag the press did not really see any necessity- for doing so. Mr. Stuart might have sent his diary to Melbourne on the day that he quitted Adelaide, and might have proclaimed — ' Catch, who can,' in the face of Burke and his waggons, Landells and Ms camels. But this was not insisted on ; it was agreed that the public should sit in darkness till Stuart had obtained such a start of his rivals as to leave them not the ghost of a chance. Well, has he not now been away quite long enough, and what decent pretext is there for longer secrecy as to the details of his past trip ? It ap pears that the chief delays — we know not from what cause— were prior to Stuart's reaching Mount Remarkable, which place he left on the 14th instant, with his second in command, Mr. Kekwick, the rest of the party being in ad vance. Mr. Chambers, we are told, had every thing ready for the party at his most northerly station; and, all things considered] we should really like to be told what reason is there for keeping back the particulars of the last trip. It cannot be Mr. Stuart that wishes it ; we do not believe Mr. Chambers wishes it ; — why, there fore, is it done? As to Mr. Burke's over taking Mr. Stuart, the idea is too ludicrous to be entertained for a. moment. Mr. Burke, like Mr. Babbage, is overwhelmed with the weight of his baggage ; and it is doubtful whether he will ever cross the continent at all. Certainly, the idea of his overtaking and outstripping Stuart is an absurdity. We hope, therefore, that the Government will at once take measures to place the facts and records of Mr. Stuart's recent journey before the public. The community have bought these records ; they have voted the sum necessary for the expedition now on its way out, expressly on condition that Stuart's diary and chart shall be public property. Now, why are they so long keptbaek? The idea that Burke 13 going to beat Stuart is pusillanimous in the extreme -. he cannot do it ; and if the people of South Australia are to be longer kept in ignorance as to the recent exploration of toe interior, we hope some more convincing reason will be alleged than any we have yet heard of. New Appoistjiekts. — The Government seem to be — at least in matters of departmental ar rangement — quite as actively engaged now as they were . when Parliament was sitting. The near completion of the Railway works and of the Waterworks, coupled with the unsatisfactory state of the Colonial Archi tect's Department, has induced Ministers seriously to deliberate upon the expediency of making some important changes ; and the follow ing outline represents, we believe correctly, what is intended to be done. A new department is to be created, to be called the Colonial Engi neer's and Architect's Department. To this department will be intrusted the supervision of a large proportion of our public works. Mr. Hanson, engineer to the railways, is to be placed at the head of the new office, and Mr. England is to be second in command. Tarious depart mental changes will follow these appointments ; but the Government believe that whilst the public interests will be better secured, an actual and considerable pecuniary saving will be effected. As yet we are not sufficiently in formed of the whole of the contemplated changes to express an opinion with respect to them, but we may at least hope that the good judgment and discretion of the Government will have kept .pace with their industry and Me. Toeeens. — We are informed that Mr. Torrens has applied for leave of absence for 12 months, in order to visit Victoria, and that his application has been reluctantly refused by the Government, on the ground there are legal difficulties attendant upon his departure, and also that it would not be safe to entrust the working of so important a measure as the' Real Property Aet to any subordinate officer. It is publicly rumoured that Mr. Torrens has de clared his determination of resigning his appointment, and we believe the rumour is well founded. At all events we know it has reached the ears of the Government; but we trust Mr. Torrens will reconsider his decision/ if indeed it ia as reported. Railwat Tbaffic Rates.— -On and after Monday, the 26th instant, various alterations will take place in the traffic rates as charged upon the South Australian Railway. By order of the authorities the new scale of rates is ad vertised in full in the Chronicle of November 24, 'to which publication we beg to refer for the de tails of the alterations. Western Aubtbalia. — By the Maria Johanna, we have a Perth paper of November 2. It con tains nothing of consequence, and little that is of sufficient interest for extraction. The good people of Perth are bewailing the stoppage of convict immigration ; and the local Gazette, va,a. querulous .leader, denounces the selfish and: heartless policy of the Home Government .is/ stopping the supply of convicts, they being the substratum of the prosperity 6f the colony, and their continuous inflnt- being one of the funda mental principles upon which the colony was bunded. The Perth Gazette admits that the convict element has its disadvantages ; but these were to be counterbalanced by 'the scale of magnitude' according to which it was under stood the system should be carried out ! 