JOTTINGS FROM MY JOURNAL. BY HUGH K. WALKER. "GREAT Southern Road"! Genius of the old, renowned, road-making Romans bear witness with me against this pompous misnomer! Ghost of the outraged Macadam! quit for a brief space the region of shades, and add force to the expression of my indig- nation against this departmental euphemism. Science, in the old country, has long superseded thy metalled highways, by the true metallic parallels, along which by night and day, from John O'Groat's to Land's End, and swift as the whirlwind, rush trains of cars whose passengers are numbered by hundreds, and whose loads of merchandise, are the full cargoes of far-sailing ships. The rattle of the bright red mail, and the clatter of its nicely-tooled team, have given place to "the thick fast pant" of a fire- breathing steed with joints of brass and sinews of iron; and the valleys that used to ring so cheerily to the merry horn of the scarlet coated guard, as the night-coach dashed along the quaint old bridge, and up the street of the quiet village, slumbering and smiling in the morning sunshine, are now startled by the shrill steam-whistle, that strikes upon the ear like the sudden shriek of some terrible agony. There the reign of Macadam is for ever at an end, the railway-king has usurped his throne, and the royal roads, the trophies of his skill and perseverance, are now covered with grass and long and luxuriant as that which grows upon his grave, in the lone landward Scottish kirkyard. Here, however, is an empire to which we invite the rightful heirs of his practical genius. The gratulations and gra- titude of a whole people would instal them in the sovereign authority, and an oath of eternal allegiance establish them upon a throne, too long filled by a dynasty of incapables and imbeciles. "But to our tale,"--(though like the needy knife-grinder of Canning, in the Anti-Jacobin, "Lord bless you, sir, I've none to tell")--as Burns says when introducing the midnight adventure of Carrick's immortal hero, with the withered hags in their demon-dance, where the prince of Pandemonium presides, and the reft tail of hapless "Meg" is doomed to pay the piper. "He who has seen Paris has seen the world, and he who has not, has seen nothing," used to be the arrogant boast of a true Gallic cockney, and he who has seen Gundagai, it may be said with greater truth, has seen the spot to which attaches a deeper tragic interest, than belongs as yet, to any other locality in the colony. The town itself indeed, has nothing to distinguish it from other embryo Australian cities. Two lines of houses and huts flanking a rather steep ridge, over-look a flat, frequently flooded in winter by the river, but whose waters when confined within their ordinary channels, form the outer boundary of a well grassed meadow, fenced in around by hills like the arena of a spacious and picturesque amphitheatre. It was the sad anniversary of the "great flood" when from the summit of Parnassus I looked down upon modern Gundagai. Knots of idle and anxious people were leaning over paling fences, and gazing wistfully on the flats which the flooded Murrumbidgee had converted into a lake, as if the rising waters, and the mournful associations connected with the event were the sole objects of general interest and conversation, and its recurrence this season, at the precise date of that fearful inundation, which is the darkest epoch of their history and the most thrilling of local legends, must have invested it with a more than usual solemnity. Here and there just above the water might be seen the tops of posts, whose position indicated the spots, that in antediluvian ages had been smiling gardens. If any vestige of the old dwellings still survive, above the tide that now rolled sullenly over the site of the original village, no ruined gable, or solitary foot-tree Gleamed Tadmor o'er oblivion's waves. Like wrecks, above their ocean graves. What a theme for the elegiac minstrel! The thought comes with still greater force when seated at the top of Parnassus, on one of those huge round boulders which suggest the idea of some long-perished race of Titans playing marbles or putting the stone along the summits of the ranges in the days of Deucalion's deluge. Parkes, Harper, Halloran, know ye that here is a sacred mount where the muses may be wooed, and where Helicon, no longer a paltry fountain with scarce enough of the element to quench the thirst of a way- worn bard, rolls full, free, and inexhaustible, in the form of a mighty river. Ay, here in this land of mountain and flood, are the chosen haunts of the tuneful nine, as is evidenced by the "fine frenzies" and pathetic elegies which are dated from that classical region. It was this conviction, and the hope that a portion of the poetic inspiration so lavishly vouchsafed to the dwellers here, might be bestowed even upon a sojourner, that sustained me in climb- ing the ascent to the Antipodean Parnassus. 'The rim of the setting sun, just rested on the crest of the opposite hill, like a gorgeous crown of glory, while, as far as the eye could reach, on every side mountain-chains towered above and behind each other, till in the dim- ness of distance, the range, which formed the horizon, assumed that aerial hue in which the long-loolked-for land first looms on the strain- ing vision of the sea-wearied voyager, and, by its unsubstantial appearance, raises uneasy doubts whether it be a fleeting strip of cloud- land, or the real rock-bound shore of his haven and home. Below lay what seemed to be a broad, bright lake, gleaming in the red rays of a wintry sun-set, and on a small spot, like a tiny islet in the centre, were grouped a few speckled cattle, who had not sense enough to make for the higher grounds before the rising tide had surrounded them, and whose fitful lowings rose at intervals above the roar of the river, as it rushed into the dark moun- tain-gorge which formed the narrow outlet for its waters. From the chimneys of the town- ship, thin blue lines of smoke streamed far into the deeper blue of the evening sky, while the white cottages, on the other side of the river, peeped prettily from the shadow, fast deepening into darkness, in which they were left, as the san sank behind the hill at whose base they were clustered. How forcibly came back on the memory the ex- quisite lines of the Mantuan-- Et jam summa, procul, villarum culmina fumant, Majoresque cadunt altis de montibus umbræ. In this mood, and on the top of Parnassus, earnestly did I invoke the prompting of the Muses. But, alas! to change into a nega- tive the quizzical query of Hotspur about the summoned spirits of Glendower, "they would not come when I did call for them." One fair intelligence alone answered the reiterated call. The loved and lovely mistress rose full before the fancy as it strove to conjure up those bright embodiments of intellectual beauty, the fairest of all the creatures of ancient mythology, and the last to vanish from the realms of imaginative literature. The scenery around me, with all its affecting and tragic associations, was forgotten in the fascinating presence, and, yielding to the dear delusion, I sat dreaming of the past; with a little hand locked in mine, and gazing on a face whose every trick of feature is graven on the heart, from the fond look of love to the sly glance of meditated mischief, and the sunny smile to the pretty pout of piquant pettishness, all so fondly cherished and the source of such un- uttered delight, that I would not barter the hoarded recollections for the proudest princi- pality that earth could give. The thoughts that rose had now larger re- ference to the sad event by whose accessories I was surrounded; but the feeling, that Australia had hundreds such daughters as the one destined, present or absent, to exercise so enduring an influence on my fate, seemed to give force to the predominating warlike sentiment of the hour in which I too shared, and impart to the duty of defending them, all the fervour of chivalric devotion, and thus my musings flowed on in martial melody:-- AUSTRALIA'S VOLUNTEERS. Up Australia! prove the spirit, That has never crouched nor quailed, When the freedom ye inherit, Tyrants trod, or foes assailed: Prove that in each bosom welling Still true British blood careers As prelusive war-note swelling Stirs Australia's volunteers. "Nought to fight for!" traitor perish From the land ye dare defame, Hath it nought ye care to cherish? Ties of love or freedom's flame? Hence then! low-born British bastards, With your falsehoods, kin to fears; Ne'er shall rank such doubting dastards With Australia's volunteers. Nor shall treasonous croaking stifle Patriot passion's manly throb; Hearts that glow to grasp the rifle, Challenge rights that foes would rob; And by yonder skies of azure, And the land their smile endears, Sworn till death to guard the treasure Form Australia's volunteers. Surging westward long and loudly, Freedom ebbs to east at length, Where her temples tower as proudly In their symmetry and strength; And upon her scroll of glory, Blurred with blood and steeled in tears, Vision'd faith can trace the story Of Australia's volunteers. Legions from afar are swarming, Locust-like, on every side; News of nations up and arming Boom in each successive tide. To your guns, then! Up, be ready! And with death-defying cheers, Like true Britons, bold but steady, Charge! Australia's volunteers. 