"4 ARCHDEACON STOPFORD'S ,VPAMPI1LET ON REVIVALISM *f IN IRELAND >.i> At a time when the religious revivals in, ^Iiclatid are attracting such universal at-1 I Mention, and bid fair to extend to England 10 following, which we extract from a ntnphlet recently published by Areh-! i-accn Stopford, will doubtless be. read nil great attention. I was myself present, in a Presbyterian lecting house at a prayer offered with the wat frenzied excitement and gesticula-; oim, that God would then and there de ceml and strike 'all the unconverted to !ic fai th. That prayer was accompanied liroughout by a storm of cries and groans, »d exclamations, and amens, all having lie true- hysteric sound. This was th« iioat frightful scene I have witnessed in ifc; at the moment of the awful compand J the Almighty to comedown and strike, t wns terrific. No such scene would he' lermitted in any Uedlain upon earth. Presence at such a prayer could be w I 'enied from guilt only by the purpose of yarning. 1 have many terrible rfcollec-' _ions of life, but this prayer jb the most rightful of them all. i There can bo no doubt that in places of J worship which have become famous through their hysterical cases, or in which hysteria is prayed for, the production of ■J|it is an object desired and aimed at in tiic preaching. v| One sermon which I heard impressed me forcibly with the conviction that the preacher had carefully studied how hys teria might be produced. An account may be as instructive to others as that ser mon was to me. The preacher's natural qualification appeared to bo but small. His mannet was cold, dry, unimpassioncd. His voice was naturally goo-', and, like his action, appeared to have been carefully studied • lua tones were unnatural, as if the peculiar cry ofhysteria had been .taken as a mo 5 .' He-did not appear possessed either of intellectual or sympathetic power. He reminded me of Feuehtewleben'sdeserip tion of hysterical men—" for the most part effeminate." It was on the parable of Dives and La zurus. There was nothing of the love ot i Christ, nor of the guilt of sin ; there was ! nothing to awaken conscience;''hell, h-e-11 I «—e—11—was the one cry, and the sole object aimed at was to produce a sensa tion of intensified torture of physical self feeling. Remarkable as this sermon was for the paucity and smallncss of ideas, it could not be wholly without ideas, but passages were. After the part above des cribed come a passage in which " the ex istence of Dives" and "endlessduration" were put togother, repeated again, trans posed, -reversed, inverted with infinite variety and art, until nothing in the na ture of an.'idea to oecupy the mind re mained—-nothing but the prolongation of the physical self-feeling of agony. 'J his part of the sermon struck me as the most labored and studied piece of composition i ever listened to. The skill'shownin the wording was great, and (lie whole object of the study appeared lo be ihe elimination of every idea or thought. It was evi dently here the chief labor of preparation had been bestowed; and it was precisely here where every idea disappeared, that the preacher bestowed the whole force of voice, and tone, and gesture—a fact which I had observed in other sermons before. Accustomed to reflect on eveiy mtel i lectual excitement and every true emo tional feeling by which hyteric action can be counteracted, I had sat down to watch and track the process by which hysteria! can be produced. Prccie-ly as I ex ect- 1 ed, when- all sense and meaning was gone, , the preacher had his bns^ and unmanly i triumph in evoking a wild and long-con i tinned eirram .of hys'eric agony, which, as it rose more loud and thrilled more' ivild, did effectually silence the preacher, and left him standing in his pulpit with a i most self-satisfied air, until her- tnrdy re moval enabled him to proceed. The thrilling cry of agony—that cold blooded outrage upon the moral nature of woman—did awaken in me the strongest1 feeling of indignation that has ever filled my breast. 1 The preacher, before giving out his text, requested that if ohy caws occurred, the congregation would bo quiet, and leave it to the office-bearers of the church, who had madufnll preparation for their reception. While the preacher was urging, with the peculiar pointing of the hand before des cribed, " Your case is bad as hell can mako it," a poor girl cried and loll. In repi oving | the excitement which followed, the preach er said, "God his doing His work in that individual." When the sermon closed I obtained ad mission to the room to which this girl iiacl fjeen carried, puisuanfc to the arrangements announced by the preacher. The room wis small and ve'y narrow, and stiflin" no air, no water was there. ° _ A more pitiable sight I never saw. This girl was about fifteen years of age, or, perhaps, a year, or two older; her frame was weak and thin, her small hands stained and ground with hard work, her skin delicate and transparent, her hair and eyelashes long and dark, her neck marked I with scrofula, with a highly intellectual face, seldom stien in her class of life, ex cent in weakly girls, and now made pain fully interesting by tho unearthly expres sion of cataleptic hysteria; every move ment of tho heacl and hands, every expres sion of the countenance, every moan was markedly hysterical. She had previously been struggling unc( screaming; she was now quiet, her lips sometimes moving', but inaudibly; she had spoken of tho Jovil catching souls to throw thom. into hull, crying, " Atvay V you shan't have mine; " —jnst the last impression mado upon hor failing mind. I learned that this was the third attack that this poor girl had had in a short time, ench being more severe than the former, so readily does the habit grow. I could havo wept to see this sad disease super added, in the name of religion and of the Holy Ghost, to a poor wonk frame, a scrofuhis habit, and n life of toil. She was seated on'a form, reclining in tho arms of a coarso .young man, about twenty years of age. lie was no relation of hers, heing ignorant of her name or residence, lie seemed omployed for the purpose, aud related with apparent glee thnt before wo came in it hud taken nil his. strength to hold hor in her struggles. In this small room, and gathered closely round her, were eight or ten young women, nome of whom (perhaps all) had lately been hysterical, and two or three young men (hot related to her), of whom one at least Lad lately been hysterical too. No elderly woman was.there, nor any elderly ninn, except one who came in once or twL-e for a few minutes during1 the Lour we remained there. Just opposite, and touching her, sat a girl who had gone through the same kind of conversion two days before, and was now crying hysterically, but quietly. She was well dressed for a mill girl, having showy bracelets and several rings upon her fingers, notwithstanding her so recent conversion. The young man who held the patient, and who seemed quite used to that em ployment, grinned with professional plea sure as he exhibited to us the points of the case, and explained his treatment. A French View of The Invasion of Britain.—We ought not to labor under any delusion as to our force or that of our neighbour, and wo must take into account the advantages and inconvenienco of the two national characters—on the one side, our impetuosity, which is soon sueceeded by lassitude and discourage ment ; and on the other, British slowness and tenacity. Our attack is furious and almost irresistible; but the thorough bred Englishman—heavy, awkward, and disdaining a military life, and unproduc tive—haa the temperament of a bulldog —once he bites he never lets go his hold Wounds only exasperate him, and, when attacked on his own soil, he will die or kill the aggressor. Let us not forget that characteristic of British courage. In spite of the numerous batteries which de fend the English soil, we might effect a landing, but two or three victories would be far from giving us England, and it would perhaps be less difficult to get thrtre than to leave. There is too much patriotic pride and courage in our allies on th<* other side of the channel for us to flatter ourselves that wc could give them a mortal blow.—La Unioevs (Paris) 