WESLEYAN METHODIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY. TUB annual meeting of the Wesleyan Methodist Mis.ion; ary Sooiety iras held on Tuesday evening at the Wesleyan Chapel, York-street, the Honorable G. Allen, M.L.C., in the chair. There waa a very numerous; and highly in. terested audience. I After the proceedings had been initiated by singing aud prayer, The Honorable G. ALLEN rose and said, in the couria of a few prelimiminary observations, tbat he was happy to inform them that in the course of a few hours a hugs meeting would ia all probability ba held in London on the same subject, as there as woll aa here the flrat Mon. day in tho month of May was fixed us the dsy for their annual meetings. He bad no doubt the meeting would have tho pleasure of listening io some interesting speeches, but previous to this they would no doubt be glad to read the report. , The Secretary then read the annual report and balanoe sheet, an abstract of which is given below Tbe Rev, Mr. COTHBEIITSOX siid muob as he loved and muoh as ne wats indebted to his own congregation hs always enjoyed taking part with any seotioa of any Chrii. tian ohurob,aud he found his mind and heart sympathii. ing with all good men of every Christian denomination. It was with very great pleasure that he should propose-« " That the Report, an abstract of wbioh has now besa read, be adopted and printed, under the direotion of tbs Committee; and that this meeting n joices in the copions outpouring of the Holy Spirit, which God has recently vouohsafed to various Christian Churches, as indicating the growing practioal unity of the universal Church, ind the consequent speedy evangelisation of the world, and would reoord its gratitude that in these visitations of graca the Missions of this Sooiety have richly participated," Witb regard to the first part of this resolution, he wu certain they must all be unanimous that that report they had just listened to was one of the most gratifying they had ever heard-while it waa a most interesting one, and be trusted that the meeting would give direo. tiona to tho committee of management to have the re. port printed and circulated throughout the length and breadth of the country. The feat was that there were so many things in that report-that one would like to have notioed-that it became difficult tp select a few, if time would permit; but be could not help feeling-, after reading the first passage-this, that they knen that the opponents to missionary enterprise bad now been driven from every argument almost they had advanced, even on- their own confession, and from every position they had takenup, bat the favourite one of the present day, which was this, that the Christian Cburob, while caring for the heathen-and by tbe introduction of some ridiculous terms, they tried to throw some absurdity on that-that while caring for the heathen, they were oateless sf the white population growing in the oitics and towns. Sa , did not say, in that matter they bad done everything that they could have done, but he would say that tho body who bad taken the leading port in thiB noble enter- prise, was most active in relieving the spiritual wants of ' their white fellow-men. And, although not belonging . to that body, he said that in no spirit of envy or jealousy, 1 for ho rejoiced to think of tbe great good they had done, and he admired the organisation by whioh it was effected, ' One part of that report extremely interested him. He bad been reading in a book recently published by the Rev. Mr. Gilfillan! 'Q which be endeavoured to establish ; the position that the conversion of the world wonld 1 never be effected in this dispensation, and that an 1 entirely new dispensation must arrive before the world 1 could be oonverted. Now, be totally disagreed with that gentleman. He said they had no need to look for any other dispensation. They were under the dispensa- tion of God. Tboso wonderlul effeots that had trans, pired in America, all went to prove that means were now at band, for rapidly attaining that grand objeot of effecting a moral and spiritual reformation throughout all portions of the globe. To him it ap- peared perfeotly wonderful, the amount of work detailed in that report. It gave him great pleasure to find they had the spirit to - attempt so muoh good. To have succeeded in so much good, was not alana to be effected hy tbe hand of man. What did tba whole history of missionary enterprise teach them, when they considered the amount of work the missionaries had to do-to moke a new language end to overthrow idolatry, in the midst of eve. y variety of opposition and often of persecution, that he said could only bo explained by tbe fact that it waB God who did it, and not man. Here, then, was a grand evidence of the truth of the religion of Jesus Christ, and with their report in'his hand, he was prepared to meet any opponent of missionary enterprise, or oven the oppo- nents of thc essence of their religion-Jesus Christ, and him crucified. How was it that those who did not acknowledge the divine espeot of their Saviour never attempted those noble enterprises 7 Why, for this simple reason, tbat if!they attempted evangelising, so surely would they fail. He waa happy to say that missionary enterprise was fully appreciated at tho present day, and it pleased bim to think that some of the highest in the land of the Old World had been most bappy to welcome the noble Livingstone. One part of bis resolution bad reference to the growing practical unity of the ohurch of God. It afforded him great satisfaction to Bay that in 'parts of the Christian world, ell denomi- nations, were become more and more in unity, and it was not only amongst the clergy, but amongst all classes of the laity, .who were now all prepared to admit there waa one God, one Bible, one baptism, and-one Christ. And it was tha more gratifying to be able to say tbis, when they considered the many sneers hurled at Protes- tantism on - tho ground of the various divi- sions of . whioh it consisted. Ho was glad to' . see ithat - tbe - time was not - far distant when the moro general nnion of Christianity would enable .their missionaries to penetrate to all parts of the world, and when members of different sects could look one another in the face and join in tbe same noble idea. Then they might proceed to the conversion of the world, and dispel the moral and spiritual deatb, that yet muoh prevailed. It would be a.happy time, when all human' thought and feeling was in accord, and when there waa not one thought of the human miad, but proceeded,from tbe spirit of parity. Rev. Mr. Anos said as a returned missionary who have witnessed the beautiful views described in that report, I have much pleasure in seconding the resolution. r-Bev.-Mr. iBOHBTDB said, I feel somewhat in difficulty. I have a skeleton bf a speech in which I have gone over the ground over which my friend has gone; and he bas said it so mach better than I can do that'I feel in diffi- culty. I intended to apeak of the gloriana outpouring of the Spirit bf God on the Church at home and abroad. If anything can make the heart of a Christian rejoice, it is th» wonderful-manifestation of graoe with which the Ohdroh has been favoured. Truly, the various churches are becoming more and more methodised. We Metho- dists understand their revivals; for they have been common with our body from its very commencement. 1« is not an uncommon thing with us to hear of acotes ot souls converted in a prayer meeting. Nov even the ¡>B ?- - I ll ---? 'Í Freabyteriaus ol Ireland aro beginning to nndentam " this subject, and right rev. bishops ara taking tba ohai 5 in united prayer meetings. Ail the Protestan ?à churches are becoming more and more Methodised. : feel in a clannish spirit to-nigbt j and, I suppose, in i Wesleyan missionary meeting I may be allowed to bi clanoibh. I bope all people will become-sball I sa; Methodised ?-converted to God, But to think o i bisboj.a preaching in tho open air, declaring the Gospe to omnibus men in hundreds-endeavouring to promoti the simple Gospel of our Saviour Jesus Christ. Ishouli despise tb is heart ot mine if it did not rejoiceatsuobastati í of things as this. As we have just beard, these revival develop the practical unity of tbe Christian Church-tbi ? nuiversul Protestant Church. The more we know of om another, tbe more we shall see that we are one io Christ We have kept away from each ottu r too long ; we havi thought bard things of each other. I deny that thi Protestants are such a divided race of people as semi ' say we are. If »a occasionally diner, there are fivi L hundred points in which wa agree. Wi i wish each other well in tbe name of tbe Ziord \ And what system of religion is so rent end torn witt i divisions as that Church which throws the reproach o i division on Protestantism t Who are moat disobedient anc ? rebellious towards the beadofthat Church ? TheBiahopi \- of Italy. But tbeBe revival services are developinj \- own unity ; right reverend bishops of th» Cburob ; Methodists, and Dissenters, are proclaiming to thc < world that we aro one in Christ. The sentiment of thc î resolution is being brought about, the unity of the '.Churches predicts the speedy evangelisation of thc i world. The sooner this unity is brought about, thc ?> sooner sball we see tbs accomplishment of the desire ol ï oar Saviour, that the world may believe that He wat |sentofGod. It wast when the company of singera and i people wero singing praise to God, " For His mercy en -.;dureth for ever," the oload of the Divine presence Í filled the house of God, and the priests could u-oot stand to minister, because the glory of God Í filled the bouss of God. So on the day of Pentecost, 'when all were united in prayer, without a jarring string, ¡the Pentecostal blessing came down. ¡The mission ' churches have partaken of thia prosperity-the out- pouring of the Spirit of God. We have heard of Homet) Catholics on the islands being converted-the Spirit oi God is at work upon the people, and there is no fear ol all the priests oan do to prevent that work. If they get into the hallowing influence of a Methodist prayer /meeting they may receive the blessing, and a great com Îiany of the priests become obedient unto the faith. The speaker then spoke of the charaoteristio loyalty of Methodists evident in all their history and BOW exhibited among Coffres, Hottentot!, and Maories .-the Methodists among the Maoris being all faithful in Í loyalty.) Ton will find in the despatoh of Captain Hobson in referrenoe to the Waitangi treaty, that he owed ' that treaty to a Methodist ohief. I waa present when L, that treaty was signed, and you may find as witnesses to that important dooument, my name and that of Bev. ; John Warner, my oolleague. The Methodist Maories ¿'«.fear God and honour the Queen." >' The resolution was then put, and carried anani ?Boualy. :f ? Bev. JAMES WATKINS, on being called upon to move i'.the second resolution, claimed the sympathy of the . meeting on account of tbe difficulty be felt in speaking. |Ha bad rather embark ou a foreign mission than be in i traduced to a platform Ile said, I have loved the gfnissionary cause for many years, and love it still. It is Pan enterprise by whioh God is glorified and bis creatures sbeneflted-j I do not like vain repetitions, but I may be f permitted to follow previous speakers in words of enco % tnium on that beautiful report. I do not think I ever heard a better report from tbe pen of Jabez Bunting. -Many say the missionary oause will not succeed. . Gamaliel said that at the beginning of the >s<rnisBionary enterprise ; and many have said it sinoe. But p'the missionary work has been persevered in. Some I'dasplse missionaries beoause of tba colling in whioh they ¿«ave been engaged. But most of the apostles were of (Nhs fishermen olsss; there was only one gentleman "amorjg tbem, and be bad learnt a trade, be was a te nt itnaker. " If some of tbeBS missionaries" said Bev. W. ^Atherton " were carpenters and masons, they oould first i'fcuild ohurohes and then preach in tbem." ¡ ' ' Ilooonr and «name from no oondltion ria«. Aot well thy part ; there all the virtus Ilea. ?VA Christian cannot but be a gentleman; if his looks would turn vinegar sour, if he loada yon with contumely, I ' Question that man's Christianity. These missionaries . are not all CbristerfUlds in costume and manners, or ' Morsons in Greek lore-but they are men of good com- mon sense- the rarest thing in the world : they have the love of God in their hearts : the " love of Christ con Strains them." They went out weeping bringing : preoioua seed ; they returned rejoicing, bearing eheavos with them. Some returned, not to their country ; below; they went to beaven, and souls converted from ' among the heathen followed them. They have been doing their best to people heaven. We have not laboured Nn vain, nor spent our strength'for nonght. My résolu ijtlon is of a melancholy coBt. It speakB of war and «trouble ; but when I heard the report read, I said, &*why has such a resolution been put into my hands?" I. notes were In accordance with the resolution sor. wful ; but the report fills as all with joy. True, there war in Now Zealand ; but I hope it will be brought to i end soon ; that poor New Zealand, Aceldama as it is, ay become as a garden which the Lord has blessed, ind peace in our time, O Lord: The natives will be ught a lesson that they will, I hope profit by. I ive no sympathy with them in this rising, jere is not the slightest cause for ' Though I admire patriots, whether they be impdens or men with a dark sliio,Ioannot sympathise [th the New Zealanders in this straggle ; for there is entyoflsnd for them, and for others also. There ia ie thing, New Zealand is dreadfully over.governed; iring seven governors-one big one and six Utile ones, un afraid it is over-bishoped too. If, however, these right reverend fathers in God" will make little' of mbazine and lawn Bleevei, and engage heartily in the sat mission work, I wish them God-speed. Fiji is s .u be colonised. I am rather sony for that. I waa sorry ¡'New Zealand was colonised sa soon. I wished they gwould let us bave it longer before immigrants came. I Jam afraid weare going to oolonise Fiji too soon; I ? am sure our people will not find lt a Carden of Eden. wish they would leave Fiji till Christianity ls more i-firmly established there ; for colonisation bas not done Ejnnoh good in a religions sense to the New Zealanders. Inbe gist of the resolution is that more labourers are granted ; some missionaries are dying ; some are leaving pie scene of their labours invalided, and, being unequal Ifto'the duties of the mission field they are sent to labour gtalittle circuits in Australia. Men are wanted also to JKecupy new ground. Let me address some of the yoong gmen before me. Where are missionaries to oome from KWe>annot expeot them from England. It is a shame? jpUat the old country should have to send ns JE4O0O a Ssaat ; but if we get money we are not likely to get men. gWe; must raise our own labourers here, jglou have sent out some, and they Sarai an honour to you " green frogs," jijä&h; men as John Watsford and William Moore. The jgwrd raise np other suoh men. These are the first Sterits. We hope some of you young men may be moved EST tbe Holy Ghost, and that the Church may recognise SfOUt fitness for the work, and that you will be ready to SBg.whr rever you are required-to the Friendly Islands, RÈFiji, with its deadly diseases. Who is afraid to die BKwnoh a work ? If a man falls in the work of God, he EwK on the field of glory. We want sympathy ; we want fiHWprayer. If we had ministers like Pani and Apollos, ??Rill all their qualifications, they oould not do the work, pfhey could only sow the seed, incorruptible seed. God Wpno can give thc increase. Yea, who sit at home at passe, can pray that Gad may pour down bis blessing on |tba men engaged in this work. Toa pray, and blessings f.will fall hundreds of miles away, and many a poor mis ;alonary, jaded by[bis bard work will find an unusual re , freshing in his soul. Often when among the heathens, I have thought of praying people in other lands. The resolution refers to means. That means money. The Methodist preachers are always begging, the Metho- dist people are always giving, and it is ^tnore blessed to give than to receive. The Lreverend gentleman moved the following resolution : ? ..That tbe peculiar circumstances of this society's mis iraions, especially in New Zealand, where war has com itnenced ; in Fiji, where colonisation is expeoted ; and Sn the demand for increased labourers in every part of t4bê field, urge a claim upon the special sympathies and .prayerful exertions of the society, and should induce an [.enlarged liberality, that on extent of agency moy bo em jployed proportionate to their pressing requirements." j, Hr. A. M'ArtTnun, M.P., in rising to second the reso Fistion, said a chord vibrated through his heart when [lie beard allusion to such meetings as these in tbs borne ieonntry, whore they are now listening to thoBO aoul [atirring addresses that we were now listening to this [-evening. And although tho number assembled on this j-oeeaaion was not so largo aa might have bein expeoted, (jet he looked forward to tho time when persons would te admitted by ticket, aa at the great meetings at Exeter tfiaU. It waa observed what tho Gospel had done In .oms of the mission fields ; but he felt assured that in Jwry placo where it waa proclaimed in its purity, there idolatry and superstition foll beforejit. He would dwell on ?the' heat way to etinralate the people to do their .duty to tho miBeion cause, which he con Pqered would be beat effected by the ad roasseB of those missionaries who wers yet to P{P*»k. He would just say, however, with reference to »Itv Zealand, that he thought considerable allowance »herald ba mada for tba natives of that country. They were just emerging from barbarism, and as they were not entirely wit boat canse of o-mplaint. it was not tobe wondered at that they took extreme views of things, and engaged in war to whioh they had always beenaccnatomed. It was, however, a fact that must be admitted, that the natives that were ander tha instruction of this society, had on every occasion, proved loyal to British interests. Hore missionaries bad been from time to time urgently demanded, and the result proved that it was deeply to be regretted that these appeals were not attended to, which had they been, would hare prevented tbat effusion ol blood and treasure that was poured ont in New Zealand. Ha would Bay in reference to the annexation of Fiji, that the desire to have those islands brought under the so- vereignty of Great Britain, arose from the great danger there was of their falling under the power of other na- tions, and he earnestly trusted that the Commissioner sent down on that business, would be able to bring up a favourable report. He admitted that there were dangers to be apprehended from colonisation, but these were only to be met by missionary effort. He cordially se- conded the resolution. (Cheers.) Rev. Mr. VERCOI spoke in Bupport of the resolution. At this hour it would be quite out of place to attempt anything like a Bpeeoh ; bnt if you will give me your attention a few minutes, I will relate a few facts in an unvarnished manner whioh may interest you. Mr. Cuthbertson spoke of some who called the missionary field a weak point in the argument for Christianity. I remember reading of a Regius professor at Oxford who, in concluding a lecture on the evidences of Christianity, said. " but young men if you need an entire conviction of the truth of Christianity read the reports of the Evan- gelical missionary sooieües." Believing the judgment of that professor to be right, I will tell a few nnvar. nished facts. Returning from our di«triot meeting in Tongataboo lately, we came to the Hatti Group, on Satur- day. On Sabbath morning we entered the beautiful church, 102 feet by 50 feet, thronged as it always is on Sabbath days. Brother Adams preached a plain practi- cal sermon, pointing to the cross of Christ, teaching the great doctrine of the atonement. He then called on King George to pray. Kow King George is a man of astonish- ing nerve, oool and self-possessed ; but when he began to pray he broke down, be wept like a child as he thanked God tbat the Gospel had been brought to them. After a few momonts, he exclaimed as be fell on his knees, " Thanks to God for Hi« salvation I" and all present on their knees joined in singing " Thanks to God for His salvation." Snob a manifestation of the Holy Spirit was then given as I scarce ever saw. The influence was mighty. Even those who did not know the Tongese language felt the mighty influence. Tbe oaptain of the missionary Bhip, who was present, said " Weill yo» get very n ar the gates of Heaven here; I wish you would take a little of that Bpirit to York-street. Nearly 1000 people joined in that song of praise. The ob apel was filled with the glory of God. Another Sabbath at Wioba, the assis- tant missionary oalled me at fi o'olook, to go to the early prayer meeting. There waa an extraordinary feeling about it. It was not a time for nnnatural physical exoite* mentIBatwhen the first verse was given ont, the tears of the natives began to flow-a very unusual thing before that, When wa knelt down there was a blessed baptism of the Holy Spirit. This continued throughout the day. It W88 a mighty time ; no one wbo experienced it could doubt that it was the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Mr. Rabone and Mr. Watkins know that tbat island waa a proverb for wickedness. But many who were notorious ringleaders in the heathen games, and thieves and other criminals are converted, some of them preaching the Gospel. These things shew that God is working for us. And if God be for us, whet can be against us Í There is a young man labouring in Tongataboo, by name, Titia. A few years ago he was a most depraved young man. In consequence cf bis loose habits be had neglected his education and could not read. But the Spirit of God came upon him, and he felt, called of God to preach the Gospel. He bad fine natural intellect; ha waa sent to the training school under Mr. Amos' care. From Mr. Amos he was sent to my charge, and appointed to Feliner. Before be went there everything waa going to wreok and rain ; after he came things began to alter; the yoong people drew round him; I saw the hand of God was with the young: man ; he would oome over twelve miles every Wednesday to Laputa, in his little oanoe, soulling himself alone. Mr. Bussell the limes' reporter, in describing the coming of the Frenoh to Bucoour the English at Inker- mann, says " the light of battle was in their eyes ;" there was a better light in the eyes of Titia aa be oame to us then, the light of the Holy Ghost : he was full of peace and joy. He was appointed as assistant mis- sionary in Tonga, a plaoe called Homar, one pf tbe strongholds of Popery. Within twelve months nearly the whole of the pbpists had joined our aooiety, so as almost to give up the priests to persecution. Baring the loat year Homar contributed more to the support of the mission than a plaoe where there are more than four times as many people. I bear this young man's labours are likely to lead to the reformation of the whole district. We never need fear for our mission while God gives us snob ' men, One faot more to shew now the Holy the Ghost is given. At onr last visitation to give tiokets in December I went to a place oalled Heko; I entered the chapel. There was some extraordinary influence npon the people. When we came to the last two lines of the hymn, the people repeated them again and again, and knelt down weeping. We could not commence the proper work of. the morning for an bonr. One after another prayed. One beak Blider told us his experience. He said if he bad died two months before be would have lost his soul, but ho felt that God, for Christ's sake, bad pardoned his sins. When tho people were invited to come to the commu- nion rail, some, of whom we had little hope came up, their faces streaming with tears. Some of them are or- naments to the chnroh. Some, alas 1 have fallen affray. We want men. The time is gone by to argue that in. ferior men will do for missionary work. All the culti- vated mind and acquired elegance that can be brought to the work may find employment. Give up your men freely for the mission work. The Appi circuit is now self-supporting. Vau supported itself last year. Ton- gataboo will probably support itself this year. We want all yon can do for Fiji. Though our- difficulties are great tho consolation and honor axe far greater. I was far happier ia the islands than during these eight weeks in New South Wales. A man who loves the Boals of the people can be truly happy there. Give ua then your sons for this work. I have a letter from my grand- mother to her son, Walter Laurie, on bis embarking for New Sooth Wales. " I shall never," she says " regret giving yon up Walter." Give yoar children freely for the best of works. Tho resolution was carried unanimously. The Bev. 8. RABONE moved the third résolution, " Tbat the thanks of thia meeting are dne, and are hereby presented to, the general and exeoutive com- mittee; to the general treasurers; to the auditors; and to the general seoretary, for the valuable services they have rendered to the sooiety ia the direotion and management of its affairs ; to the parent committee in Xondon, for their liberality in making yearly advances to this sooiety; to those gentlemen who have incurred personal liabilities in the arrangements necessary to meet the sooiety'a financial requirements; to the treasurers and secretaries of the auxiliary and branch societies; and to the collectors and contributors who have exhibited so praotioal an interest in maintaining and increasing.the funds of the sooiety." Jons DAWSON, Esq., seconded the resolution. The Rev. Mr. OBAU supported the resolution most oordially ; and it was carried unanimously. The Rev. Mr. EOOXBSTON then said, as their chair, man did not like votes of thanks to be passed to himself, ho could only asBure him that they were thankful to bim. (Loud obeers.) The doxology was then sung, and, after a brief prayer, the meeting terminated a few minâtes after ten o'clook. The following is an abstract of the report: The Inoome of the society daring tha past year hos been ¿10,181 6s. 7d. Thia loriados £2500 pat down Xor the Victoria Auxiliary, and may have to ba altered. The expenditure hos been £I4,8M Ida. Sd. The balance which will bava to ba granted by tho parent society In London it .£4715 Ss. 10d- This la aubjoctto alteration oa the arrival of the Victorian retorna. The contributions tn New South Wales have been losa than in some former years, but in some dlatricta there has boon a gratify in ft incroaso. Your committee advert with pleasure to the increaaa in tba nativo contributions, as evidencing- a healthy doalre to support tho Gospel. In New Zealand mach largor amoante have been con- tributed to moot circuit exponditure, and in the Walpa circuit the natives have mada arrangements to bear the entire expense of their missionary and nativo assistant missionaries. The oil sent from tho Friorjdly and »ijl Islands this roar, ofter paying for the casks, hun yieldod I Hs, Bd., £\7 4a. ld. was on account of elates paid for bv tho natives in oil. £\B0 I7s. 3d. bas been re- mitted to the British and Foreign Bible Society on account of the coptcBof tho sacred volamo whioh baa boon purchased from time to timo by tho nntives, and paid for in oil. The remainder, ¿1535 19s. 4d., from tho Friendly Island«, and £360 7s, lad. from Fiji is carried to tho general treasaror'8 balanca-shoet os nativa contributions in oil. Tho Increased sxpenditure baa been Indncod by the number of extra labourer* sent forth. In tho Fiji district provision had to ba made for building and farnlsnng four new houses at a coat of about £900. In directing attention to the spiritual condition and prospecta of tha mission», tha reporta of the post year furnish muon encou- ragement. A very gracious revival haa been vouchaafad in the Friondly Islaada dlstrtot-one similar in its oharaoter and resalta to those whioh have oheerei, and quickened, and increased the varions charchas in America and Europa. Tour committee would moko a brief referenao- to the reports of the various missions. _ . NEW ZEALAND. Tha Auckland District reports from th« varions stations, given. In at this dietrlot meeting, were very satisfactory, and Indicated improvement and promise. following quotation* from circuit report» «111 afford Infor ? i respecting tba stata of things before thia war broke Tba malton : oat : Tba Auckland Circuit Ia self-supporting', and la In a prospor ona atate. Tha principal chapel is about to he enlarged bj the addition of 330 saata; it will then accommodate 10O8 peraons. Tbe Hokianga Ciroolt report apeaka of tha aeattered atate of uta population, preventing tba proper pastoral oversight of tba people, and tbs injurióos resalta ara manifest in a decrease of numbera. In the Manaiau Clrcnit a deep attention has baan paid to the Word-a general apirit of hearing evinced throughout. The native assistant missionary, Hohipa Ot ene, pn renes bia labours with great acceptance among tba Moori population, and we trnst with some degree ofauoeeas. Tbe Kiapara Cirouil report : Oar congregations ara goad and attoDtive, our Sabbath aohools appear to be attractive, and we think that the apirit of liberality which prompted thia people to give of their abundance Induces them still to give of anon as they possess. In the Wholngaroa and Aotsa-|CIronlt tha native population numbera about six hundred persona, one-third of whom ara accredited church members. The Walpa Circuit report states, Last jaar we mads some re- ference to the debased aooial habits of tba peoplo. roora eapeeiaily to their indolenoa and want of attention to paraanal oleanlineas, aa being utterly opposed to tha progress or sven existence of true piety. The Kawhia Circuit report says, A profession of religion ls pretty general, bat the power of godliness is observable in bat very few. Attention ls being paid to the school department throughout this distriot. The Maori King movement has bad its influence in withdrawing many promising youths from the schools, aa they ar« in part sustained by the Government lu the Wellington circuit tba English work is prospering. They are wishful to have a minister placed in the Ah uri ri pro- vince ; his aupport would be rendered by tbe people. In the native department (tba report states,/ wa have bean able to hold regular aervice, and bring oar inflnenoe to bear on a con- siderable number. The excitement produced by what la oalled the King movement baa in same degree affeated them. Ia the Nelson circuit the congregations, both in town and country, aro Increasing. The Kai-Slvi Institution is in fall operation,and the attendance has exaeeded their roost sanguine anticipations, The Wanganui and Waimatl olroult reports a considerable In- crease in nativa oburch members during tha year. In tba Chatham Islands, Ts Kate, the native assistant mission- ary, was well reaaly ed, and haa the proapeot of usefulness. FRIENDLY ISLANDS DISTRICT. The Friendly Islands Distriot Meeting records its thanks for the two additional labourera aent last year. The remaining portion of the lo nou copies of the New Testa- ment, Bent oat by the British ana Foreign Bible Sooiety, baa been sold. The Rev. John Thomas, the late chairman of this district, has, in accordanoe with tho intimation given ia the last report, re- turned to his native land. In thia district twelve new chapela have been balli during tha I lost year. Four others are in the course of érection. A native teaoher has been recommended to ba reoelved ou trial as a native assistant missionary. The Tonga Ciroalt reporta a ri oh outpouring of the Holy Spirit. The blesaed effect has been a great quickening of soul amongst our people. The King spent soma two ar three months at this place la the middle of the year, and manifested a lively interest In the work of Ood, by preaohlng in various places, and uniting with our exoellent looal prsaohers in holding prayer meeUngs, that penitents might find pardon and souls be quickened and saved. The Haabal Circuit reporta:-Oar societies In thtsolrcalt, one-and-twanty in number, have, we believe, nona of them retro- graded in tho divine lifo, and many of them are oheeringly pro- gressing in the fear and lova of Ood tbeir 8avtour. We hava a large inorsase to report ; and one very pleasing feature In this inoroase Ia the faot that it is very generally diffused over all the soeietiee. . Our numbers are 2638 fall members, being an inorsase of 482. Th« Vavaa Circuit report states ¡-The Lord has sont rain and fruitful seasons to his vinsyard, and blessed har with fruit* sf increase. We have been favoured with . revival of religion throughout the olroult. Church membors, 187S ; on tria', 191. A census of tbs population gives 5193 in the Vavaa Circuit. . From the Samoa Clroait report we give tbs following ex- tracts .--We have ereoted three new ohapels. There is an la crease of upwards of loot) attendants on pabilo worship In the three Islande daring the year. Five of tbs strongholds of the devil have alao given way to tbs Word of Ood ; only a little more, and the abominable night dances will come to an end in Menono. We have prepared the first form of work for a new hymn-book. The aobool reports from tho various clrenlts are equally en. 000 raging. The Vavaa prlntlng-offica reporta the following worts ao-om pllahed during tho year -.-Printing 2000 copies or Numbers, from ohapter xi. to tho end: 20 io Deuteronomy, S00O Joshua and Judgos, 3000 Ruth and 1st Samuel: 4000 rates of society, four pages, 12mo ; 1000 rules of sooiety in Samoan, 1000 lat Cato oblaraa In Samoan : 000 eaoh of Sheet Lessons, No. 1 and S in Samoan ; 2000 1st Lessons Tongess, four pages. Hmo ; 500 alma- nacs for 1880. Bindlog 446 Isaiah to Maischt (inolaaivs), olotb, 8vo; 106 Oenesla to 1st Samuel (inclusive), cloth, 8vo ; OOO Genesta and Exodus, stitohed in cloth, ; 70 Genesis to lit Samuel; 9 Job to Malaohi, half-bound. FIJI DI8TTU0r. In the Fiji distriot the work bas been progressing as favourably as tho olroumatanoea of tho mlaalon would allow. In some oír cuita nar has beon raging, and tho schools and other moins of tmprovoment have been muoh interfered with. The mlaalon to Ilotuma has been rudely and determinedly interrupted and sus- pended by the loading chiefs of tho plaoo. In the Fiji dlatrlot, during tho paat year, fifly-flve ohapels have been built. Thia mission has again suffered by bereavement. It haa been already announood in the notlcea tbat Mrs. Wilson baa been oarried off by fever, and that Mr. Wilson left for England, with his three infant childroo, In February. Tho Laklmbi Circuit report, after oxprosslng regret that the youths are not devoting themselves to Ood, goes on to state : Wa feel that to estimate our position aright wa ntnBt oontrast the present with tho p&Bt.; rather than the present with any stan- dard of our own. Ood haa blessed the laboura of his servants in turning multitudes from darkness to light, and in raising np a band of native agents, of varied ability, but in general of an earnoat and willing apirit. In tba Muela branok of tha Circuit a native assistant mission- ary was appointed thia last year,and we have now an encouraging report from that group. A vary few years slnoo these ialtnda were heathen. The Bau Circuit report, after adverting to the olaimoftho American Government for compensation, and the profferod ces- sion of tho Fijis to the British Government, states:-The war whioh was mentioned In our last report, atilt oontloaea. Early in the present year our now and splendid chapel in Baa was opened for Divino worship under mast favourable aaapioes. In ths islands Tau Koro Nalrl and Batlkl thora has been steadily increasing prosperity in evory branch of oar work. In the entire circuit during tho paat year, 287 couples have benn united in Christian marriage, and 045 adults and 309 child- ren have been baptised. Wo report a net inorease of 00» mem- bers of sooiety, and 1330 aro still on trial. Fifteen additional chapels hara been built, and others ara la tba course of erodion. In the Rewa Clrnult report lt la said, If wo look Into the past we And our fruit hos been equal to our labours. The word has boon suooeasful, and we only wonder at what God bal wrought, tlf we look at our proaent o taff, we find our ohnroh more ** esta bllsbod in the faith." Kandara as a elation may be regarded as ona of the most Inte- resting tu tho (troup, and hy no means unimportant by Its political relation to the Raws aud Bau dominions. During the paat year we have been at some pains to obtain a correct contus of the inhabitants, and tho result baa baen as follows :-9700 professing Christians, 838 Heathens, and 117 Roman Catholics. Kim dava oomprisos some savon small kingdoms, between wnloh ths most deadly 'cuds have exiatad-nsw all -Jut extingalsbed. An eligi- ble site has been given by the Tavnki ohlefa for oar station. The Bau Circuit reports-Our trials have not boen few. neither have aar triumphs boen insignificant. Tbs hoatben have raged, many profoselng Christiana have been Intimidated, and are re- turned to heathenism. Two ohapels have been burned, sevoral of our pooplo have boon murderod, and doath has Invaded our own habitation ; yet notwithstanding those things upwards of a thonaand havo renounoed heathenism. NATIVE TRAINING INSTITUTION. Tho number now under training ls twenty-one. Tho conrss of Instruction does not embraao a wide range of aubioots. To be well grounded in the doctrinos of Scripture ls considered of tho first importanco. Reading, writing, Sorlptnre history, and the elements of arithmetic rooelve a considerable amount of atten- tion, and sermonising is not forgotten. The Sohool Reports afford evidence of the vigonr with which the missionaries prosoaute ovary departmont of their work, and that their labours aro not In vain. CUINESE MISSION IN VICTORIA. Ti nr commlttoo have pleasure in stating that tho mission to the Chinasein Viotoria is being still prosooatod. The following oopy of a lettor from the Rev. Thomas Rabono will glvo somo information respecting its state and prospects. Thc letter is written from Castlomaine, where the mission is sltaated. He says :-" Now that Cast'emalne ia emphatically a mission station, 1 deem it a duty to render to you such information, and to plaoe bofore you snob facts as may bo not only intsresling, bnt also essential for your guidanoo In thia deaply Interes lng work. I nead not state the past history of the Chinoso mission in this colony. It will be enough to say that having brought tha anbjootbeforo our lost district mooting it exotted muon sympathy, and was strongly recorameadod to tho Conference that the mission abould not bo sufferod to dio oat. Under the direction of the President of the Conferanao wo en- tered the soeno of labour. Leang a Too, who was one of Dr. Leggo's acholara in China, was rotained as our agent. Tho plan he pursusa is to visit tho soattered encampments in tho neigh- bourhood during tbo week, oonvorao with his ooantrymen, and distribute tracts and copies of tbo New Teslamnnt In Chinese. The whole of our chapels are open for Chinese worohlp on a Ssbbuth afternoon ; tho congregation generally nnraber from 80 to 150. Four Chinese have boen pabllaly baptised, and continue not only the profession of Christianity, but happily possess its power and pesoe. Those converts are u*ofully employed in assisting tho missionary. Thoroare now (Ivo o thor oandi Jatos for baptism under the preparatory inotraotlon of Leong a Toe. To give permanency to thi* mission it la excoedingly desira- ble that wa should have a Chlnese-speaklngEngllsman as mis- sionary-mare especially so as oar present agent has a wifo in China, and lt is natural to expect that ho looks forward to a retira to his home. The old obapel built of wood was demolished by a storm a short timo alnco, and active moBBures ere now in progress for a new and beautiful ohapol In the Chinese quarter of the town. The Chinóse have contributed already £150. Landis purchased, and we hops Boon to commence the building." The following Ia a goneral summary of the stations ooonpiod by tho sooioty : No. or chapola ..... MO Ditto other proaohlng places . . . 268 Ditto ministers and preachers on trial . . CO Ditto cathecblats.241 Ditto day sohool teachers foot including Fiji) . 353 Sunday sohool teaohera .... SOCO Local preachers ..... 1217 Class leaders (no returns from Fiji) . . 1070 Full and accredited church members . . 20,310 On trial for mombershlp .... 5139 No. of Sabbath schools .... 731 Ditto Sabbath scholars of both sexes . . 32,050 No. of day aohools i . . . MO No. of day scholars . ... . , 29,186 Attondanoe on pabilo worship . . . 89,153 