CURRENT TOPICS. I*our noats only were entered last mglit for the Yacht race on Saturday next Southern Cross (Heath), red. Thames (Tatham), blue" with white cross in corner. . Psyche (Neilley), white. Gauntlet (Scott), white with blue gauntlet. Psyche to allow the Southern Cross and Thames each 2 mill, and Gauntlet 10 min. To start, with all sail down, at 2 p.m. sharp. The race to he twice round the fair-way buoy, and round the buoys off the bluff and the teat channel. Boats placed as follows: Gauntlet, Thames, Psycho and Southern Cross , for the Sweepstakes race the follow ing four boats were entered— Bsnito, green flag and harp. Annie, square and compass . Fairy Queen, white. Kelpie, red and white chequered. 3 to 1 was taken on the Thames, and 4 to 1 against Kelpie nud Southern Cross winning both races. Stakes to bo drawn at the Royal Mail, at 8 p.m on Saturday. An [accident of a serious nature occurred to the Lady Bird steamer, on her passage from Portland to Melbourne, on Tuesday last. A few houra after leaving Warrnam bool,an explosion of steam took place, da maging tbe machinery so much that exten sive repairs will have to he made before she can resume her trip3. No injury to crew or passengers, beyond the sudden alarm, took placs; and the wind being fair, there was not leven much loss of time from the occur • Camille, or the. Life of a Courtezan, was played last uight at the Theatre Royal, and to the morbid taste that can delight in such representations, was no doubt alt that could be desired. Debauchery, shame; agony, and death were depicted in most intense and startling reality, and nothing wa3 left want ing to enable the spectator to realize in all its now attractive, now fearful reality, a pic ture of grossly immoral, high life. • The lesson is no doubt good, the moral valuable when the mind 13 strong enough to throw aside the specious attractions that surround the character of Camille; but viewed even iu this light, which we submit is the only plea that can be offered for placing such an otherwise repulsive piece upon the stage, we regard the experiment as being too much fraught with dauger to be of real service iu assisting to express the evil which undermines the so cial fabric of society. Miss Jones was to lerably well supported by the stock com pany, and the house was somewhat better attended than on the previous evening, To night the Leopold family, frauline fanny, and Mr Usher, the celebrated English violin ist, make their appearance. Applications for Auctioneers'Licenses must be ludged prior to the 27th Inst. Applica tions for Publicans' Licenses, and Transfers, before tho 4th December, We presume that f lying Colors has beon withdrawn for the Grand Handicap, and that Flatcatcher stands 3 to 1 first favorite. A number of forged cheques are iu circula tion in Melbourne, purporting to bo drawn by Bright Brothers, Tradesmen, and others will do well, therefore, to! caution their employes to be on their guard in cashing cheques for strangers. ; Tho Melbourne correspondent of the Bulla rat Blur writes:—"Wo are to have a paper mill. I am prohibited from giving the names of the enterprising individuals who are thus to' supply a great colonial want, but it is sufficient for us to know that there is now on tho high" seas bound for Victoria the whole plant necessary for the manufacture of almost every kind of paper. The gentlemen who are thus about to commit one of the crimes Jack Cade laid in his indictment of Lord Say, who 'contrary to the king, his crown, and dignity, built a paper mill," arc fully satisfied that the manufacture of paper in this colony is a braneh of industry which will yield a liberal profit." One of our Melbourne contemporaries states that dissensions have occurred" in the volunteer force lately organised at Ballarat, and that there is even a probability of the company being broken up through alleged aristocratic exclusivcness. We trust the report is unfounded, for upontbo supposition that matters were progressing favorably with their Western brothers in arms, many mem bers of our local corps wore looking forward to the pleasure of trying the respective metal of the two corps during the approaching long summer days : say somewhere in the neigh borhood of Lethbridge. Geelong and Balla rat should stand shoulder to shoulder at the Werribee review on the ii-'ird iust. If " the man that has not music in his soul is fit for treasons, villainies, and spoils," and, as Shakspere lias it, ?'oji no account to be trusted," what compliment we ask might wo expect the hard of Avon to have written upon the individual whose passion for music was so intense that lie broke open a church and carried the organ away ou Ins back : as per following l'roni yesterday's Age:—" A har monium used at the Independent Chapel, at the corner of Fitzroy.street {and Victoria parade was on Saturday last carried off by some person or persons unknown. The rob bery is supposed to have been effected by means of skeleton kcya" We have to acknowledge, through tho polite attention of Messrs, Sands, Jvonuyand Co., tho receipt of " The Victorian Cricketer's Guide, for 185J-C9," a very creditable typo graphical production in 12ino. ps. 112, which must become the toAt mecum of the Colonial Cricketer. Tile contents arc exceedingly valuable, and amongst other information comprise the 'following—The late Inter colonial Match;'Scorch "of 'Inter-Colonial Matches; Synopsis of later-Colonial Matches; Club Averages; Review of the Season; Re marks on Players; Principal Miches of th.e Season}; General Bowling Averages; General Batting Averages; Prospective visit of the All England Eleven; Professional Cricketers' Association ; Names of Members of Clubs; The Cricketers of England; Instruction of Players; Laws of Cricket with Suggestio is; Laws of Boat Racing; Football last Season, and Melbourne Rules of Football, Ac., die. Surely here is space and verge enough,' vritjiin which for the most experienced wieldef of the willow, as well as the neophyte to luxuri ate and revel, aud all thanks are due to Mr J. B. Thompson, .tjie .editor aud compiler, for his valuable and rcliabb production. The first of a series of lectures to .be deli vered in the Mechanics' Institution on 'the; "Divinity and -Personality of the .Holyj Spirit "was delivered yesterday evening by1 the Rev. James Henderson. Mr Thomas Forster occupied the chair, aiid clejgynjon of several denominations-were on the platform. The Rev. Mr Henderson said :— In arranging a course of public lectures on the " Work of the Holy Spirit/' the Committee m»y fidciu to have adopted a bold and somewhat hazardous measure on the one hand. It might appear that to invite ministers of different religious denominations—holding on some points of eccle siastical polity and on some parts of the teaching of Scripture, different and irreconcilable opiniouB —to discus3 a doctrine bo vital as the work of the Holy Spirit, may poem to risk the harmony which has hitherto characterised our movements, and mayhap disclose weakness and disease whero we had conceived all was soundness and perfect health ; and on the other hand, with such subjects as shall fall to be con sidered, to hope to sustain the interest of a pub lic audience, drawn in from the excitement and fatigue of commercial pursuits, may seem to over estimate the religious attainments, or tax un reasonably the religious tastes of the community. Such subjects of lecture may appropriately form part of an academical course of study, or be profitably considered amid the quietude of the Sabbath and the advantages of pulpit ministra Uons, but rarely are they selected as themes of public interest to bo discussed upon a public plat form. And yet.inarraugingthis course, the com mittee have only allowed themsclvesto be guided by recent experiences. When successive weeks witnessed within these walls successive thousands assembled to pray for the presence and anointing of the Holy Spirit, it seemed not unreasonable to expect that similar numbers might assemble to contemplate the glory of the Spirit as mani fested in Ilis work. The object sought in those ever memorable prayer meetings, is the object contemplated of the course of lectures we now introduce. To impress our minds more deeply with the personal glory of the Holy Spirit and with the necessity and value of his work. To awaken more ardent desire and more earnest and constant prayer for a greater manifestation of his influence and a more undoubted evidence of his glory and power in the church—is the aim of tbia humble effort. What we desire is a richer and more enlarged degree of the quickening influence of the Holy Ghost. ThiB will sanctify and bless every feeblo instrumentality aud every humble ef fort. This too will consume in its holy fire the unhallowed spirit formalism, hypocrisy, and unbe lief, and without askiug for the compromise of truth will yet in the love it shall enkindle, so ce ment the hearts of Christian brethren aud so throw around them the "girdle of a heaven born charity," as will establish an evidence of the truth of Christianity which all its enemies shall not be able to gainsay or resist. Descend holy and blessed spirit, and with thine own wisdom and power conduct this course of lectures to impart to our minds life and light, humility and reve rence, save from error, lead us to truth and to l Thy name through Christ we shall ascribe the praise and glory. Amen. 