REVIEW. - STORIED TRADITIONS OF SCOTTISH LIFE. Whatever may be its other titles to fame, Scotland is pre-eminently the land of good stories. Pleasant Scotchmen are the best company in the world. Their anecdotes are good, and their way of telling them is better. Being perfectly confident that their story must be successful, they are able to amuse because they seem to be able, and small jokes are lighted up with a handsome glow by the inborn drollery of the story- teller. A real Scotch story told by an Englishman is an utter failure-there is simply no point whatever in it. It is no more like the origi nal than the Delphin paraphrase is like Virgil. Let an Englishman, for example, try to tell such a story as that of the Scotch judge who crossed a river and lost his wig. His servant found a wig caught by a bough in the stream, and brought it to his master, who doubted whether it was the right one. To which the servant replied, " There is nae wale of wigs in the Tweed." This story, put nakedly on paper or told by an English man, is as stupid an anecdote as was ever told ; but if told by a grave Scotchman, with an eye twinkling with fun in the midst of a solemn face, and as certain his story is pointed as that he is mortal, it will serve as a perfect test to bring out all the sense of fun that lies in his auditors. But besides stories which are flavoured with a peculiar dry humour, and require a Scotch narrator, there are thousands ofv stories which depend for their effect only on the incidents they contain, and which have been treasured up in Scotland with the tenacity belonging to a small society, each member of which takes the deepest interest in all the rest. There is nothing very wonderful in these stories taken separately; but there is just enough to make them worth telling, and to make them effective when well told. Mr. Leighton, in the little vol- ume which he calls ' Storied Traditions of Scottish Life,' has collected nine or ten of them, and has told them very clearly and effectively. The point which they almost all have in common is that there is some little mystery in the circumstances as at first presented, and this mystery is cleared up by very obvious causes. The stories are thus made to hang together, and as Mr. Leighton has had the good sense always to stop when he has come to the end of what he had to say, the volume makes an excel- lent whole. Three of the stories turn upon facts at first taken to be supernatural, and then ra- tionalized by the supernatural agents being discovered to be perfectly natural rogues. The first is called the " Ten of Diamonds." A gambler has cheated a companion by con- cealing the ten of diamonds about his per- son. Afterwards he is filled with remorse, and he is haunted by the vision of the card that was the instrument of his crime. His little daughter has her fortune told by a gipsy. The woman produces a ten of dia- monds in order to decipher the child's future. He walks in a wood at night, and there is an enormous and fiery ten of dia- monds staring at him through the darkness. His wife has a little boy born, and the ten of diamonds is found printed on the baby's back. At last the mystery is cleared up. A gambling companion was aware of the haunted man's crime, and of his remorse, and as he had seen the card that was the instrument of the fraud, he thought that it might be used to harrass the repentant sin- ner into giving a sum as conscience-money to the widow of the man he had defrauded, which sum the schemer had made arrange- ments to intercept. The gipsy was of course his accomplice, the apparition in the wood was produced by a magic-lantern, and the doctor who attended on the lady had stamped the baby's back with a piece of painted rag. " Sergeant Davie's Ghost" is even more decidedly of a seemingly super- natural character. It is the most elaborate story in the volume, and is one of the best ; but perhaps it would be more effective to Scotchmen than to Englishmen. There are little obscurities in it to a Southerner. The principal character in it, for example, Sandy Macpherson, is suddenly called Mac Gillas, and we are supposed to understand at once, and without further explanation, that they aro the same person. Of course this, to a Scotchman, would probably be obvious, but to an Englishman it is rather puzzling. The ghost is the ghost of an English sergeant, and appears to two High- landers to say that he, has been murdered by two men, one of whom is named Duncan Clerk. The Highlanders firmly believe in their ghost, and raise the country with their talk. As there are some corroborating cir- cumstances to inculpate Duncan Clerk, he and his alleged accomplice are tried, but are acquitted. Duncan Clerk leaves the country and is drowned. The villain of the story, Allan Macnab, then goes to Clerk's widow, an old flame of his own, and offers to gratify her vengeance against Sandy Macpherson, (i.e., MacGillas) by indicting him for per- jury. She catches at the offer, but declares that she cannot reward Mactiab in the way he wishes. The supernatural screw has therefore to be applied to her too. As she walks by moonlight alone, the ghost of Duncan Clerk appears to her, and generously bids her accept Macnab as the proper suc- cessor to himself. She is, however, a sharp woman, and her suspicions having been pre- viously excited, she seizes on the ghost, and detects in it her villanous lover, who, hav- : ing personated Sergeant Davie's ghost with such success, hoped to have equal luck in the character of a man whom his first ap- pearance as a ghost was designed to get hanged. The third of these seemingly supernatural stories is of less interest. It turns on the appearance of a ghost, night after night, to the sentry of a regiment. The lieutenant is zealous in trying to dis- cover the mystery, and sets man after man to watch. All concur in saying that the ghost has appeared, and at last one of them plunges his bayonet into the ghost, who flits gently by without minding it. The doctor, however, next morning, being called in for some other purpose, finds that the lieutenant's back is scored as by the passing over it of a sharp instrument, and it turns out that the ghost is the lieutenant himself, who has been walking in his sleep. There are two other stories in which there is a mystery, but not a supernatural one. The first is called " A Knife Thrust in the Dark." A wild lad being threatened by his father with punishment runs away from home, and having only a penny to spend seeks a night's shelter in a low lodging house. He is tormented by sounds of scuffling and fighting in the floor above him, and at last, in his anger at being kept awake, he takes the opportunity of a heavy body being thrown on the floor exactly above his head, aud drives his long knife through a chink into the disturber of his rest. A stream of blood gushes down through the chink upon his shirt. He is terrified with the thought of the deed he has done, and lets himself down out of the win- dow and hurries wildly through the streets until he reaches Leith, and, seeing the sea before him, determines to cleanse himself from the blood that is sticking to him. He has just thrown off the shirt when he hears footsteps, and thinking he is pursued', makes * Curious Storied Traditions of Scottish Life. By Alexande Leighton. Edinburgh: Nimmo.1860. off as fast as he can. In the morning he goes to the house of an uncle, and is ad- mitted. Soon he hears a cry in the.street, telling how a foul murder has been dis- covered. By and bye, the tell-tale shirt is found on the shore, and as it is marked with his name he is instantly suspected. He is, however, kept in hiding by bis relations, who firmly believe in his guilt, as also does he himself. At length the authorities get a clue to the real author of the murder that has been com mitted, and it comes out that the people in the floor above the runaways were sheep stealers, and that the body into which the lad had plunged his knife was that of a sheep. " The Long Slippers" is a story of a wonderful pair of slippers, red turned up with blue, and a yellow bow in front, that were ordered by a stranger one night of an Edinburgh cobbler, and were to be of the extraordinary length of eighteen inches, Some students got to hear of this, and their curiosity was excited. They watched to find who would call for the slippers, and were re warded by seeing a carriage drive to the shoemaker's, in which, by listening at the door, they found a woman was concealed, and stray sentences they overheard intimated that the woman was complaining of being always shut up in a confinement that was disagreeable to her. When the carriage stopped, the students, who had followed it, were accosted by a strange man in a velvet coat, who was at first very discouraging in his replies. But at length, on receiving a consideration, he told them it was quite true that the lady was habitually shut up, and that she wore slippers a foot and a half in length. He refused to say more then, but arranged that they should meet him the next day at a certain place in (the busiest part of Edinburgh. On their arrival they saw that the spot was unusually crowded. A great caravan had arrived ; and, in the showman of the caravan they discovered their velvet coated friend, and in the Royal Westmore land Giantess their mysterious beauty with "the long slippers." Some of the stories relate incidents of a curious kind that have formed the subject of inquiry in criminal courts of justice. The first story in the book is called the White Scalp. A blacksmith had an intrigue with a woman somewhat advanced in life. They met one moonlight night in the blacksmith's shop. All else was in shade, but the light streamed fully down on the white and polished surface of the blacksmith's bald head. Suddenly a heavy instrument came out of the darkness and fell on the " white scalp." The blacksmith fell dead on the -spot. No one was seen to do the deed, nor were there any traces of the murderer, ex cepting that a hundred yards from the shop a man's hat was picked up. As there was no one else to suspect, suspicion fell on the blacksmith's wife, as she had the provoca tion of her husband's infidelity to suggest a motive for the crime. She was tried and acquitted. Years after, on his death-bed, the son of the blacksmith's paramour con fessed that he had committed the murder in older to stop an intrigue that was disgrace ful to her. The only point in the story con -sists in the melodramatic and accidental circumstance of the manner of the murder, and of the blow being directed by the light falling on the murdered man's head. The interest is better sustained in " The Chance Question." A detective employed to trace the authors of a robbery of plate and jew ellery was thoroughly baffled. After a long search of several days, he was quite worn out, and was going home to bed when he met a girl, a perfect stranger to him, and, without having any clue or any purpose in asking, inquired of her whether she happened to know any one in the neigh bourhood who mended rings. She said there was a Jew named Abram who mended rings ; and as they passed Abram's shop, pointed him out as he was sitting at work. The officer asked Abram whether he could mend a ring, and produced one that was com panion ring to one of the rings stolen. The Jew shuffled in his answer; and the officer, beginning to examine the shop, saw some coarse engravings pasted on the wall. One of these represented the hiding of the cup in Benjamin's sack, and the thought entered the officer's head what a curious coincidence it would be if this representation of con- cealed treasure was itself a blind to conceal real treasure. Of course this turns out to be the case; and the means by which the officer works to get the gang into his clutches are set out with great minuteness and skill. For a criminal story it is excellent. But the most curious story of criminal life in the collection is one called " The Woman with the White Mice." This is curious because Mr. Leighton appears to be giving a narrative of facts which have happened within the memory of many of his readers ; and yet, if he is speaking of real persons and real facts, he is accusing per- sons, whose names must be well known in Scotland, of a complicated fraud in order to conceal a murder. The wife of a respect- able farmer was taken into custody for the murder of a girl of low condition, who had had a love affair with the farmer's son. The farmer came to consult a well known writer, who saw at once that the farmer's wife was guilty, and that she would be hanged if something were not contrived to defeat jus- tice. It appeared that a tramp, carrying while mice, had been seen at the farmer's shortly before the murder. The writer tracked her out, and bargained with her that, for a hundred pounds sho should come into court and accuse herself of the murder. This she did, and the farmer's wife was ac- quitted. The woman with the white mice was conveyed, immediately after giving her evidence, to a carnage that was waiting out- side for her, and escaped in safety out of the countty. Mr. Leighton tells us that the de- fence of the real murderess, in a speech of six hours, was one of Lord Jeffrey's greatest efforts, and that he suffered greatly from the consequences of the physical exertion it cost him. Everything is told as if it were noto- riously the record of a real case. But if so, we can hardly understand how Mr. Leigh- ton can have ventured to print such grave charges against persons who, if not living, must, in all probability, have left living re- presentatives. However, this is his affair, and not ours. For the sake of the book, we hope that this story is true, because the in terest of these traditions of Scottish life would bo greatly diminished unless we con- sidered ourselves justified in believing that the main facts narrated had really happened. -Saturday lioview. Report speaks highly, says a New York paper, of the interesting nature of Washington Irving's "Life and Letters," now in speedy preparation by his nephew and literary execu tor. Mr. Irving is so much the historian of events, that the work will possess almost the charm of an autobiography. The details of his visit to Europe at the eventful period of the peace of Amiens, 1804, will be entirely new, and include more romantic associations than are usually connected with our idea of Geoffrey Crayon in later life; while the pictures of English literary society, for which his pro longed residence abroad gave him material, will seem to the present generation like a new revelation of the inner lite of the Georgian era. The memoir and correspondence will probably make three volumes, uniform with the standard edition of Irving's works. A life of the late Professor Forbes, commenced by Dr. George Wilson, is in course of being com- pleted by Mr. Archibald Geikie. 