WRIGGLES F BO M THE PEN OF A RANDOM WBITER, No. I. 'THERB you are again, Goliah Good body, smoking litte an animated chimney, pot,' exclaimed Mr. Doloreaux Dryasoot, as he entered his friends office in one of the busiest streets of Sydney, a few mornings ago. 'Well, well, who in the world would believe you are such a good business man to look at you just now?* he continued ' ten minutes to eleven o'clock ; and there you sit behind your desk puffing away at a little old pipe, as black as the spout of a tea-kettle. Phoo, phoo, do pray open the window, and let .us have * breath of fresh air, for this filthy smoke is enough to smother a steam-boat's stoker or a charcoal burner.' ' Whew, how dainty and delicate your nose has got all of a sudden,' replied Mr. Goodbody, with a good natured smile, as he extended his hand to give his usual morning greeting to his friend. * Come in, I am glad to see you, but this is such a dirty old place, I shall be very glad when my new office is finished,' he muttered as he wiped the dust off a wooden chair. 'There, now, sit down and let me take a look at you. Hey-why you're thirty-five per cent, better this morning, 1 can see ; your eyes are bright, as beads, and you are steady as a church steeple. No person would believe you to be the same man who used to totter in here a few weeks ago, like a skeleton in a parchment sack, Thank God. and take courage, my friend ; you have certainly had a long and trying sickness, but the crisis is past, and I shall soon see you as strong as that iron pump that you have patronised so much of late, Hydropathic treatment is certainly re suscitating you and rubbing ont your wrinkles. I feel more than half incftned to discard Holloway's Pills, and take to pump-water myself. But pray excuse me for a few minutes,' he continued, as he placed his spectacles on his nose, laid aside his pipe, and opened his cash box, * I must make a deposit, and then I shall feel easy in my mind. I have a bill to pay to- morrow, and I always like to be ready the day before. Hey, brother, won't it be iovful when we arrive at that glorious city where there are no hanks to bother us, and no dishonest debtors or dishonored hills to upset our digestive organs, and make us surly ? Well, thank God we are both on the road to that city, and we may reach it to-night for ought we know. Now, then, let me count my cash,-notes, gold, checques, silver,-let me see-six and tour are ten, ' and five fifteen, five and carry one-one | and three are four,-yes-three hundred and forty five pounds, thad's right. Here, Bob, take this cash to the bank, and get me a pennorth of pipes as you come baok. Mr. Probe,' he continued ad dressing his clerk, 4 here's an order for a ton of Flour for Mr. Crummy, the baker, and send a bag of cheap rice, and a bushel of fowl's food to Mrs. Fubbs, of Phillip street ; and 50 lb wheaten meal at the same time to Mr. Souse, the cold water patient. Hey, what lots of cus tomers I have had for that meal since ; Dr. Wilson, the hydropathist came to Sydney. Now for another smoke, ' he added as he commenced rubbing his hands together, with a pipe load of tobacco between them. 'Hallo, where are the matches ? gone again I declare, and I bought a box only yesterday ; but I expect they are in the store, for all my men smoke like Yankees. Never mind, here Dick, run and buy a box of matches ; here's a penny.' * ? . . * Fizz »vent the match, as Mr. Good body rubbed it against the wall, and soon he was puffing away like a locomo tive engine, while his weather-bronzed, but handsome old countenance shone like a French polished mahogany table, and his piercing black eyes seemed over Sowing with fun and philanthrophy. . But are you not going to hav& a smoke friend Dryasoot,* enquired Mr. Goodbody, as he poked the burning ashes into his pipe with his finger, as coolly an a salamander-. where s your pipe ?' *My pipe is put out for ever.' replied Mr. Dryasoot emphatically. ,Hear my resolve, friend Goodbody ; so long as I have the use of my wind-pipe, I will never again make use of a tobacco pipe. Ah I you may smile, but just look at me, yellow, and shrivelled as a pair of old leather j gaiters, and as shaky as a girl in a church vault full of ghosts, and pray don't try to tempt me to resume that enslaving ex hausting habit, which if not the actual cause of my late severe indisposition has I am sure, not a little retarded my ! recovery of strength. For more than j twenty years, I have been bound to the j pipe by a strong tough chain forged by the father of laziness, and often have I resolved that I would give a hearty pull and break it ; but some mischievous, influence has always suggested the danger of suddenly breaking off old standing habits whian had become second nature, and advised me to try moderate pulls at the chain, assuring me that it would gradually loosen itself. Well, I have tried that plan for years, I have pulled moderately, as I fancied, but not a link would yield, on the contrary the chain seemed to bind me faster than ever, and those incessant moderate pulls, j morning, noon and night, were making ( me as thin as a kangaroo dog, and quite spoiling my temper as well as my appetite. ' I was cross as a lord with the gout, Or a turk when you tread on his toes, AB a bear with a ring in his snout, Or a pilgrim with peas in his shoes. * As a student with street music teased, Or as Job when tormented with boils, I As fiddler whose bow has been greased, Or a poet with cats on his tiles. . There, there's a picture as true as a photograph, friend Goodbody. Well, last New Year's day, I got out ot bed with a strong flavour of pipe in my mouth as usual, and my tongue as dry as a red herring ; heigho ! I sighed, as I stood .* before the dressing-glass with my razor in my hand, but dreading to commence the operations of shaving for fear of cutting my nose off, my hand was so shaky ; heigho ! I sighed again, 'tis most unmanly of me to be dragging about this heavy cbjin from year to year, when one real effort would snap it for ever. Moderation is the anvil on which the devil rivets his chains,-I'll have no more to do with it. I'm determined to break this bondage, and this is a good day to put good resolutions into practice ; so I faced abont, and gave a most furious kick, and upset the anvil, broke the chain, and smashed the pipe, and felt as light as a balloon directly afterwards. Here I stand, a free man, and I will never have that villanous chain on my leg again as long as I live. I have suffered from its horrid chafing, and I know hundreds of persons who are now under the same galling yoke, and I want to try to help them to free them selves^ I want to convince them, if I can, that it only wants Determination to make the stand, and Courage to bear the two or three days of gnawing craving which is sure to succeed the first effort to free oneself, and for which the com fort that succeeds will amply repay. There's your good friend, Kindsoul,' Continued Mr. Dryasoot, 4 who comes in to see you almost every day, he's smok ing himself as dry as a brick kiln, and I know he hates tobacco, and would give one of his cottages, if he could feel him self» thoroughly weaned from it. I , noticed him yesterday, after he had been I puffing away in that corner for "half an hour, he knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and put it into his pocket with a groan, and then sat there sighing, and looking like a man who bad just been forced to swallow a bottle of pickles. I knew how he felt exactly, and heartily I pitied him.' 4 But, friend Dryasoot, did you not smash your pipe once before, $nd tell all the world about it V enquired Mr. Good body, with a merry twinkle of the eye ; ' and you very soon mended it again hey? explain that.' 4 That's true enough, I am sorry to say,' replied Mr. Dryasoot, 4 and I will explain that unfortunate act of inconsis tency and backsliding I made only a conditional smash of the pipe ; there was a mental reservation at the time to try ?only three months' abstinence, and three most miserable months I passed because I was always thinking about it, and calculating when my time of probation would expire. Last of all I fell a victim to the enticing example of a reverend friend who live3 within 300 miles of Sydney (I will call the circumstance to his recollection one of these days), í resumed ray pipe, and in order to make up for lost time, I smoked worse than ever. But now I have made an uncondi tional resolution to abandon tobacco Jor ever, and I have no difficulty in keeping firm, and because it is am unconditional resolution, I seldom think about the pipe and never crave for it longer than a moment. I would not smoke again for a whole cargo of negrohead and pigtail, and another cargo of meerschaums silver mounted. 1 Fer my brain is as bright as the day, And 'twas muddled before, as a drain; All my misery's vanish'd away, I am Doloreux Drysoot again.' 4 Well, friend Dryasoot,' said Mr. Goodbody, 41 admire your firmness, and I am almost determined to throw my pipe out of the window, and sing with you 4 Britons never shall be slaves/ I'll confess smoking makes me miserable ; it disorders my stomach and brain, spoils my appetite, makes me nervous, and sometimes almost cross enough to kick ' my best customers, «nd makes every room in my house that I go into smell worse than a gas factory. Ugh ! I hate the pipe, and I almost hate myself too, that I have not the courage to grind it to powder under my heel this very moment; but you have almost persuaded me to do so, and TH consider about it We will have another chat some other time, as l see I am wanted in the store just now.' . I shall be very glad to resume our conversation on the subject,' said Hr, Dryasoot. ' I affirm that smoking is an idle, pernicious, and unsavory habit, and I have a gross of arguments, each as long as one of your sermons, to support I my position ; but as you are busy now, I'll go about my business ; so good morn« ing, Goliah Goodbody. AQUA. Darlinghurst, 29th Feb,, 1860. 