AN ACCREDITED GHOST STORY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,—Although not wishing to appear before you as a believer in ghosts and goblins, nor desiring to destroy in the remotest degree the anti-ghostian theory of Mr. Michie, as detailed in his excel- lent lecture last week, perhaps you will permit me to call Mr. Michie's attention to a ghost story which, I am sure, he must have heard or read of, and to ask him if he will be pleased to account for what certainly appeared to be the working of some strange supernatural agency, to disclose one of the foulest murders over perpe- trated in New South Wales ? I may state that, in my opinion, there is at all times some magnetic or electric sympathy acting upon the human mind; but the following story differs so much from all other ghost stories I ever read, and was so well accredited, that one can scarcely avoid thinking such sympathetic feeling was in this instance guided by some un- erring cause. I will briefly recapitulate the facts as well as my memory will allow; but as it is 30 years or more since the occurrence took place, I may be at fault in some of the minor details. About the period named, a man named Fisher, worth a good deal of property, resided near Campbelltown, within about 32 miles of Sydney. He had a partner whose name I forget. The latter gave out, repeatedly that Fisher intended going home, and at last said he had gone; and Mr. Fisher not appearing as usual, every one supposed his partner's statement to be correct. Some short time after Fisher's departure, a Mr. Hurley, a friend of his, had been out late, dining with some friends. The night was a bright moonlight one, and on his return home, having to walk along the road that bounded Fisher's property, he saw that person (as he thought) sitting on the fence. He went up to him, bade him good night, and began to inquire how it was he had not gone home, as reported. The supposed Fisher said nothing, but as Hurley approached, he rose from off the fence and walked down a path among a number of wattles towards a water-hole in the paddock. Mr. Hurley followed, but soon lost sight of him, and returned to the road on his way home. On telling of this adventure the following day, his friends laughed at him, and supposed that his heated imagination had, while walking alone, called up the presence of Fisher. Mr. Hurley, however, was not to be laughed out of what he maintained he actually saw, and to satisfy the incredulous, he went before the police magis- trate and made oath to having seen and spoken to Fisher, and detailed the collatereal circum- stances. Some of his friends then accompanied him to the spot at which he saw Fisher sitting on the fence. On minute examination—for all sorts of suspicions began to be aroused—some blood and human hair were discovered adhering to the top rail on which Fisher had appeared to Hurley to be sitting. Native blacks were then procured, and Fisher's murdered body was found in the waterhole to which it appeared he was walking, when Mr. Hurley suddenly lost sight of him on the memorable night of meeting. Fisher's partner was at once apprehended, con- fessed the murder, and was hanged. I have passed the same spot and the same waterhole many and many a time since, in daylight, moon- light, and in pitchy darkness, but never had the honour of receiving a visit from the incorporeal Fisher. And the story was, and I believe still is, well known in the neighbourhood and in Sydney as that of "Fisher's ghost." As Mr. Hurley never had the most infinitesimal doubt as to Fisher having gone home as reported until the night of the moonlight meeting, and as he was an intelligent, sober man, of good fame and reputation, I must leave other persons better acquainted with these matters to offer an expla- nation of this, to me, very mysterious affair. I am, Sir, yours obediently, ''A CORPOREAL BEING." Geelong, June 11. 