THE PHILOSOPHY OF GHOSTS AND WITCHCRAFT. LECTURE BY A MICHIE, ESQ., M.L.A. Yesterday evening, Mr Michie delivered, at the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute, a lecture on the Philosophy of Ghosts and Witchcraft. It was the most interesting lecture that has been delivered in Melbourne for a long time. The hall of the Institute was crowded on the occasion, and the lecturer was re- , peatedly and enthusiastically cheered during his ad- dress. Dr GILBEE took the chair, and at once Introduced Mr MICHIE to the audience, who said : — Is there any one in this company who has entirely outgrown his belief in ghosts ? If so, has he not lost something which has left behind it some regret? He may be wiser, he may have read physiology, he may have studied insanity and the various forms of delusion, springing from morbid action of the brain, but he has lost for ever the supernatural shudder, the terrifically delicious creeping of the hair, and the heart coming up into the mouth, attendant on his listening to, or reading of, for the first time, a good authen- tic, and by justices of the peace attested, ghost story. Time was, perhaps, when most of us, being good, credulous, simple - minded little boys and girls, would much rather have walked a long way round than a short- cut through a church yard at midnight. Where are now the old haunted castles, where the long gallery in which the ghost of the immortal bard did his walking matches — his 1000 miles in 10 00 hours — by moonlight ; where the clanking of mysterious chains, as the clock in the turret struck one ; where the clanging of distant dun- geon doors, the whistling of the wind through the battlements ? — all, all gone with the irrevocable fresh- ness and trusting simplicity of early youth. Ghosts seem mow literally run to earth. All decent respect for them would appear to be dead and gone. Even in tho theatre, where we give some rein to belief, I positively, the other evening, saw a most respectable ghost in the Garrick Club performance descend through the trap door, clucking and crowing so as to make any reasonable person think he must have gone mad, and confounded himself with tho cock. Whence this wonderful change from the beliefs and the manners of our ancestors ? Are we so much wiser ? Has science rejected for ever the fairies, the witches, the ghosts, the Little Red Riding Hoods of our forefathers ? Because Pinnock and Alangnall are wise, are there to be no more haunted houses ? Be cause the cineritious and medullary substances of the brain, may be more or less excitable under the brand of Martell, and other extraneous influences, aro we not to bo allowed to frighten ourselves to death in our own jtvay ! Where is tho liberty of the subject, if at tbe arrogant bidding of science we are all of us forthwith to give up our ghosts ? Thus should I probably, at any time on the sunny side of 20, have stood up for that 'aucient, time-honored, cosmopolitan, shadowy, ubiquitous vagrant, the ghost. Alas ! how these early dreams give way before reading and investiga tion-i-how we are obliged, at every turn in life, to be exchanging sentiment for science, imagination for reality, palaces in the air for slab huts on earth. Most of us now find ourselves utterly unable to believe in any ghost whatsoever. A month's solitary confine ment in Westminster Abbey would, had we only blankets enough, disturb us less than would the turn ing us for a week on to the Snowy River Gold fields without the same provision. So strong is the general incredulity on this point, that I feel satisfied that most of us, were we to see a ghost ourselves, would only bring an ejectment against him with an anti phlogistic pill. At the same time, I may be told all ages and all nations have had their beliefs iu ghosts, to which the answer may be given, that al! ages and all nations have had stomachs to be disordered, and that Julius Cæsar had sick-headaches as well as you. Still, at the same time — us Addison formerly, and William Howitt in our own day, have argued — it is possible there are ghosts, though doubters think it probable there are not. Well, it would be very unbe coming in poor finite crcaturea like ourselves positively to assert that there are no ghosts, and therefore I am not going to assert anything of the kind. There may, doubtless, be as much of the spirit of fanaticism in hard, coarse, uninquiring unbelief, as in the commoner disposition to open your mouth, and shut your eyes, and see what any charlatan impostor will send you. At the same time, there is no inde corum in offering some reasons for withholding belief in such things. I think all history of man, and of his opinions and beliefs, shows us a tendency in him to impersonate any phenomenon he cannot under stand. The savage and uudisciplined imagination tries to account for everything which baffles or eludes the reason. And thus we find that superstition is great as knowledge is small. Take a familiar instance. Who can forgot the mysterious delight with which he listened for the first time to a good echo?' Nay, even when he had got the explanation, and had mastered all the properties of sound, did ho the less delightedly shout against the mocking rock, and with as keen and childlike a pleasure as tbat Wordswoith so beautifully describes in the Words : — ' My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in tho sky Tho bodiless voice of the echo, the invisible mocking spirit floating in the air, seems like a mind with all space for its habitation, coquetting about, taking us into its supernatural companionship. Why wonder, then, that the ancients made a deity of echo ? The simple and untaught mind thus impersonates every form of apparent power, from Echo to Jupiter the Thunderer. The taught man un- personates (if I may make a word) and abstracts, and cross-examines that sublime, and self-contained nature, speaking to us only in hints of falling apples, or flashes from sum mer clouds. But until he conquers her secrets and gets them into his books of natural philosophy, Super stition transforms and deforms at pleasure. Hence, as I think, the original materiel of ghosts, witches, and the rest of the numerous supernatural family ; and morbid imagination can do the rest. Neverthe less, let us go into the subject dispassionately and judicially. William Howitt says there are ghosts — tha man of science says there are not, and therefore issue joined. The affirmation and burthen of proof are on Mr. Howitt, aud a logical objector calls on him, we may suppose, to define his ghost. What is it ? In every apparition I have read of, it is invariably dressed in some way or other. Can there be the ghosts of Mr Rush's coats, then, going about the world ? If not, how much of any apparition is the ghostly essence, and what is the rest ? It is not so very easy, then, to define your ghost. Generally speaking,' it has been found more convenient for the ghost, supporters to deal iu generalities. Suffice it to say, they will tell you, that your orthodox ghost can, walk through brick walls and rubble work ; can be in England one moment, and in Melbourne the noxt ; dis likes the sniff, of the morning air; starts at the crowing of the cock ; revisits the glimpses of tho moon ; is extremely reserved, never speaking until he is spoken to; a mysterious, pale, book-muslin looking customer, the very thought, of whom scared Addison's soldier, who had marched up to the can- non's mouth without a fear. The philosopher, called upon to define motion, got up and walked. Called upon to define our ghost,' we do so by giving some of its attributes. If this will not content you, take tho following : — 'An apparition may be de fined,' says a writer on this subjeot, a spectral illu sion involuntarily generated, by means of which, figures or forms not present to the acute sense are nevertheless depicted with a vividpess to intensity, Bufflcient to create a temporary belief ia their roality. ' By the above, you see that this modern com mences by assuming the whole subject in debate;,' He calls tho ghost 'an illusion.'' He knocks him on tbe head at the very outset; with a logical club. This writer has no respect for the Witch of Endor ; for Dido's little plan for haunting Æneas with her umbra; he cares not for demous or genii of Greece or Rome ; for the good and evil spirits of ; for the set-to's of Luther with the evil one ; or for the Bodach Glas, or grey spirit, .which walked before Fergus M'lvor in the gloamin, on the evening before tho battle of Culloden. '' Nothing,' says Burke, 'is so hard-hearted, as your thorough-bred meta- physician ; nothing so hard-hearted as your thorough bred logician. He believes in nothing which he cannot see, or taste, or touch ; or which he is unable to handle by his logical forms ; and what aggravates me still more is, whilst I have such a sneeking kindness for all my old friends the ghosts, I cannot help feel ing that the doubting logician is right, and that the very bost ghost ia our whole collection is only aa illusion after all.' But is this any reason why the glK/.-,c is not to, be lectured about? Surely not. Swedp away all illusions and shams, say you will not discuss tbem further, and consider. how much you I diminish your stock of conversation ; abolish shams, and how many places yon may disfranchise, bow many billets, civil and military; make vacant ! We cannot spare our illusions. We may think to reason them down, but they will not bo reasoned down. The marvel-moved mind demands, and will have its exoitementa, and tho ghost whioh was laid by philosophy yesterday, has beon raised again by William Howitt to-day, and probabry will be raised and laid again and again altarnately, to the ond of timp, or.ftt any. rate, of mats in siich mild re vivals, as nowadays seam alone to be possible. Ghost seeiug; and ghost feeling, no doubt are, after all, quite human ; nay, a privilege of humanity We cannot absolutely assert that horses, goats, or pigs, never see the ghosts of their friends ; but I think it probable they do not. Only, indeed, tho largely conceiving nature of man can properly feel the sentiment super natural. Children, partly bold partly timid, »ili glauce Into dark rooms, and run off wit'i the vague but sublimo terror no infuriur nature can know. Adults, cqual'y the creatures and subjects of imaginntion, will in like, manner play at snap dragon with the mvsterious and tho unknowable. These i feelings in man\ constitutions are beyond the control of reason. MrB Siddons rushed in ttrror from her midnight 'study of Lady Maebtlh, and flew up stairs from her own imagination ; and that element iu her nature which imdc her do so, also made her the real Lady Macbeth on the stage, aDd conferred on her tbe power only she possessed (and exercised without knowing it) of drawing all human hearts from reality into diablerie and dream-land. The Om niscient h.ta created us so, and we may be sure, wisely. It is perhaps at the root of that faculty, or spiritual appetite within us, whioh seems to be al ways orying out ' onwards ' and ' upwardp,' We push on from tbe knewn to the nnknown. We pur sue the illimitable. We all have a feeling that ' there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of ini our philosophy.' The wisest even, therefore, have loved to da ly with these subjects, and they will never cease to interest whilst man is constituted as ' he is. Oaly the other day my attention was sailed to sotae good papers On this subject, entitled 'A Physician's Ghosts,' in Mr Dicken's new periodical of All the Year Round. The writer gives several apparently not-to-be-argued away ghosts, and yet he does not seem to believe in them himself. He renews the theory — possibly older- than, ' and certainly as old as, Lord Bacon, who suggests it dii* tinctly — that there may be an unusual energy in a dying brain, which enables its owner, at the hour of death, to appear spiritually, to any relative or friend for whom the dying person may have had & strong affection. But, we ask, what appeared t Why should it appear! What goo J or harm does it ever A* U Uw. vv nu»« wj kuc icujiuw stances? . But nest, what reliance can bo ^plaeed on the soi-disant physician and his ghosts any more than we can place on De Foe and his. ghost of Mrs Veal, about whom we shall have a . word to say presently! We feel we should like tp cress examine that physician and his informants. It is plain the contributor : has not convinced his prinoipal, Mr Dickens, who by the last accounts was actively engaged in haunting MrHowitt's best ghost?, who,' on their parts, disgusted with'AIr Dickens's seep* tioiam, had struck, business altogether and refused to. ' haunt anybody. ,Notwithstanding, however; ,this . turning of, the tables on the ghosts, i we Cfiui.'for;the reasons already suggested, easily sympathise 'with, the large belief of Mr Howitt. . A phrenologist, perhaps, ' would settle the whole business by Baying that, ' mar vellouBneso'. was large on . Mr Ho witt's, skull, .and that'there was no more to be said about it. ' , |Lear» ing, i then,' the . variously-developed bumps of our infinitely various heads to bear with each other, as they should — for they did not- make themselves — let us take up that illusion, Theory, : wher* we : dropped it a minute ago, and .proceed with tha subject. The, principal writers, among tha illusionists are Pinel, .Drs Breivstor, Ferrier,.. Barter, Hibbert, and Sir Walter Scott. One and all of these writers urge the illusion theor/ adumbrated in the passage Just quoted, and it ia in the face of all those authorities, and of. the vast body of evidence they present, that Mr Howitt sticks to the genuine old ghost of our unscientific and all-believing boyhood. But Ifor autsh instances of the ocoasional ascendancy of the imagination over the reason, even among men of line talents, it would be, perhaps, diffi cult in these days for a reasoning man pf sound mind to come to any other conclusion than that ghost-aeeing is a disease. D/ Hibbert's book ii probably the best we have on the subject. There, as in the previous work of Dr. Ferrier, we are mads acquainted with numerous ghosts, and by gbost seers, but in Dr. Hibbert's work we are duly and carefully inducted into the scientific treatment and progress of men's different cases and cures. We read how, as brains recovered health, their apparitions began to fade, and with convalescence disappeared altogether. We find that those ghosts which oan be let into a man by brandy, can be turned ont of him by blood-letting. There is nothing very new in all this, it is true ; for Coleridge had already suggested that Luther's contests with and throw- - ing of inkstands at the head of the devil, all . arose from Luther's indigestion and consequent ner vous irritability daring a long imprisonment. But you may ask, how comes it that a man believes he sees what is not, save in his own brain ? This, no doubt, is an excessively interesting inqniry. It launches us at once into the general functions of the brain, and demands an examination of the constitu. tion, and working of the nervous system. That is, indeed, a great study in itself ; at which, in the limits of our time and space, we must only glance. ' De Hibbert contends that the organs of sense are the aotual medium through which past feelings are renewed ; and that, when from extreme mental excitement, ideas have become 'as vivid as the original sensible' impressions, this intensity reacts on the very organs — the eye or ' ear, for in stance— on which sensation depends. Dr Brewster, also, in the Edinburgh Journal of Science— article entitled ' Observations on the Vision of Impressions on the Retina, in reference to 'certain supposed disco veries respecting visions' announced by Mr' Charter Bell.' Vol. II. d. 1— says that, ' when the eye is not exposed to the impressions of external objects, or when it is insensible to these objects, in -conse quence of being engrossed- with its' own ' operations, any object of mental contemplation,'' which has either been called up by ' the memory, or created by the imagination, will be seen as distinctly a a if it had been formed from the vision of a real object. , 'I have found,'' he says, ' on examining these mental impressions,, that [they 'fol low the motions of the eye-ball exactly like tho spec tral impressions of luminous objects, (and that they resemble1 them also in' their Apparent immobility, when the eye-ball is displaced by an external force. If this result shall be found generally true' By others, - it will follow that the''objects of mental 'contempla tion' may be seen as distinctly as external bisects,' and will ocoupy the same looal position ' in the axis of - vision as' if 'they had' been formed by the agency of light.' This passage, from so eminent a philosopher, is extremely interesting, as there is more scientific ghost laying in it than can be found in any equal 'number of words elsewhere. ' What Dr Brewster' here 'lays down, is this: if, without presumption,' I may, venture to throw into still' more familiar language the substance of his statement— viz,' that' the eye at times sees as well through the agency of the idea' witjhin, as through the otyect Without ; that the 'idea, 'though only the copy of the original sensation, will, in certain excited states of . the brain become as. distinct. and defined as the actual' object' which ; originally furnished' the idea — that in this case^.. the eye sees the idea as the object, ^'and ,'hence' ^ all the tribes, of demons, witches, ' ghosts, ',good 'and evil genii, waltz welpies, '''&c.;,', which, have poured forth , from that teeming factory of such, stuff, ,the human brain. A very few familiar experiences of your own will satisfactorily illustrate 'this position of ' Sir David Brewster, How often in.reverie you -see , visions in.the fire ? , How commonly when travelling ' at night have: you mistaken stumps pf trees for Hutpaq. oi other! figures 'I ... How, easy' ia t , it, ^s. you lie in bed at moonlight, to figure, anything out of drapery, « curtains, or any . other object' i ^n^istiuqljy . .seen,, and whichi 'therefore, leaves to fancy .to supply the outlina to the details ?' But , you,' will 'say, are ' all on* best and most authenticated, ghosts, as, by . law established, , to be explained away and got rid of by the same summMry process? Are, you ;to down, with Caesar's ghost on the same, terms ? Are yoti thus to dpal with Dr Donne|s ...vision of .his wife with the.faculty, of second sight, and \with that awful party the Witch of Endor ? , I am inclined, to think, that there' , is but one way for a\lr.,;,The doctors iare tho..uuiv3rsal exercisers,, t)nd .gh^sthopd., seems no. longer able, to stand before them;/ ,Bpt thgse^wjio stand out with William Ilowitffor the veritable .existence; of ghosts will not ba .so satisfied, . They say. therq is. abundant evidence for ghosts,; that ghosts are, too well estab lished an interest. in - tho. world, , and ,have too many respectable backers, amongst us,, to give way before , Brewster's "Optics '! « or Hib. « i ? ' ,Wa --«/, wh. uer y a , ;*«v v ' upon such i reasonings, Brutus's belief in. his own vision is. ;to , be,, rejected ? Why, we answer, it' was .rejected'-, at the - very time .by .Cassias', .to whom Brutus first told, what he had seen.. Indeed, , Cassias saw how it was with poor Brutus, as. you may see from the account, of that..celebrated vision. I extract as follows from Laughorne's :'Plutarch' ' When they (that is the army headed by Brutus and Cassius) were about to leave Asia, Brutus, it is said, had an extraordinary apparition. Naturally watoh ful, sparing in his diet, and assiduous in business, . he allowed .himself little time far sleep. In the day he never slept, nor, in the night till all business was over, and .the rest being, retired, .he had nobody to converse with. : But at this time, involved as he was in the operations of war, and. solicitous for the event, he only slumbered a. little, after supper, and . spent the rest of the night in idering his most urgent fcffairs. When these were despatched he employed himself in reading till the third watch, when the til bunea aad centurions came to him for orders. Thus, a lit le time before he left Asia, he waa sitting alone in bis tent by a dim light, and at a late hour. The ?whole aTmy lay in sleep and silence, while the general, wrapt ,iu meditation, thought he porceived some thing enter his tent. Turning towards the door ho saw n horrible and monstrous spectre, standing silently, by hia Bide. ' What art thou !' said ho boldly, 'Art thou', God, or man? And what is thy busi ness with me The Bpectro answered, ' I am thy evil genius, Brutus 1 Thou wilt Bee me at Phillipi.' To whioh he calmly answered, ' I will meet thee there.' When the apparition was gone, he called his servants, who told him that they had neither hoard any noise, nor Been any vision. That night he did not go to rest, but went early in the morning to CassiuB, and told him what had happened. Cassiua, who was of the echool of Epicurus, and used frequently to dispute with Brutua on these subjects, answered him thus : — ' It is the opinion of our seot, that not every thing we see is real ; for matter ia evasive, and senae deceitful. Besides, the impressions it receives are, by tho quiok and' subtle influence of imagination, thrown into a variety of forms, many of which have no tarchitypes in nature ; and thiB tho imagination effects as easily as we may make an impression on wax. .The mind of man, having in itself the plastic powers, and the component parts can fashion and vary its objeots at pleasure. This is clear, from the sudden transition of dreams, in which the imagination can educe from the slightest principles such an amazing variety of forms, and c-\ll into exercise all' the passions of the bouI. The mind is perpetually in m'otiton, ' and tbat motion is imagination, or thought. ?' But when the body, as in your ?ase, is fatigued with labor, it naturally suspends, or perverts the natural functions of the mind. Upon the whole, it is highly improbable that there Bhould be any. such beings as demons or spirits, or .that, if there were such, they should assume a human' shape or voice, or have any power to affect us. At the' ?ame time, I own, I could wish there were such beings, that we might not rely on fleets and armies,' but find the concurrence of the Gods in this our sacred and glorious enterprise.' Such (says Plutarch) were tho arguments he made use of to satisfy Brutus. And, conaideriDg how many centuries have rolled over sinoe, it is amusing to find how much greater a resemblance there is between tbe philoso phising of BrutuB and of Brewster, than- be tween Brewster and Bome of the ghost-revival iata of the present day. Now, in the above case, maoy of the conditions existed for seeing visions. Brutna wm abusing his nervous system. ; was over-working his mind and negleoting his body. - He was oppressed' with all the anxieties of state affairs;' ' and a struggl* was approaching — the crisis whioh - must deoide his own ' fate, and in somo degree that of the Boman Commonwealth. was an' imaginative man, too, prone to supersti tion— for Plutarih sh«ws that Brutus in ' disputing'' with fXasaiua, must have affirmed that which the latter denied, viz., the existence of good or evil genii, aud knowing what we now know of the nature and onuses of their affections, there can be no doubt that what Brntud bdlieved he saw, was only the aoinage of hiB own excited brain. In like manner, may you moat probably account for every other story of tbe like ? kind, and this, too, upon strictly reasonable.' as well as natural nrincinlea. Granted, you- perhaps say, in such cases as that , of Brutus, as Borne ghosts only appear, according to some authorities, to one person at a time. For tbe ?imple 'reason, let ns rejoin, that no two minds ean ever at the same time be under the same de lusion in all its particulars. But you may dis pute ' this illusive theory by citing oases of ghosts Men by many at the same moment ; and ' how aooount,' you Bay, ' for apparitions of such a charaoter?'' To put this point fairly, I extract an instance from' Sir Walter's S:ott'a work, which show*- how diffioult it ia eometimes to account for an apparition, and yet how obvious the explanation is when it comeB. ' An apparition,' he says, ' whioh took place at Plymouth, is well known, but it has been differently related ; and having some reason to think the following edition oorreot, it is an incident so much to my purpose, tbat you must pardon its insertion. A club of persona connected with vertu and literature waB formed at tho great Boa shore we have- named. During the summer months the society met in a cave by the sea shore ; during thosa of autumn and winter, they convened within' the premises of a tavern, but, for the sake of privacy, had their meetings in a summer- house situated in the garden, at a distance from the main building. Some of the members to whom the position of their own dwellings rendered this eonvenient, had a pass-key to the garden door, by whioh they could enter the garden and reach the sum ?er-hoHse without the publioity or trouble of passing through tbe open tavern. . It was the rule of this club: that the membera presided alternately. On one occasion in the winter the president of tbe evening chanced to be very ill ; indeed was reported to be on his death-bed. The club met aB usual, and, from' a sentiment of reBpect, left vacant the chair wViinti mi r»Vi f In knva ItAati nn/tiimAfl h«r htm If Sn hia usual health. For the same reason, the con versation turned on the absent gentleman's talents, and the loss expeoted to the Bociety by hiB death. While they were on this melancholy theme, tho door suddenly opened, and the appearance of the president entered the room. He wore a white wrapper, a nightcap round his brow, tho appearance of which waa that of death itself. He stalked into the room with unusual gravity, took the vacant place of cere-, mony,. lifted the empty glass which stood before him, bowed around, and put it to his lips ; then replaced it on the table and stalked out of the room as silent ai he had entered it. The company remained deeply, appalled. At length, after many observations on , the strangeness of what they had seen, they resolved to dispatch two of their number as ambassadors, to see how it fared with the president, who had thus strangely appeared among them. . They went, and returned with the frightful intelligence that the friend after whom they had inquired, was that evening de ceased. The astonishod party then resolved that they would remain absolutely silent respecting the wonderful sight they had seen. Their habits were too philosophical to permit them to believe that they had actually seen the ghost of their deceased brother, and at the Bame time they were too wiBe even to wish to confirm the snperstitiens of the vulgar by what might seem indisputable evidence of a ghost. The affair was, therefore, kept a atriot seoiet, although, as usual, some dubious rumors of the taloiounii their way to the . public. Several years afterwards, an old woman, who had long filled the place of a sick uur^u, ,waa taten very 111, ana on ner aeaia-oeu was attended by a medical member of tho Philo sophical Olub. To him, with many expressions of regret, she acknowledged that she had long lie fore attended Mr — — , naming the president, whose appearance had surprised the olub bo Btrangely, and that she felt distress of ' conscience on account of the', manner in which he died. She Baid that hia malady waa |attended by light-head ednesa — she had been direoted to keep a close watoh upon him during hia illness. Unhappily, she slept, and during her aleep the patient had awaked and left the apartment. When, on her own awaking, she found the bod empty and the patient gone, she forthwith hurried out of the house to seek him, and mot him in the act of returning. She got him, she said, replaced in bed, but it waa only to die there. She added, to convince her hearer of the truth of what she said, that imme diately after the poor gentleman expired, a deputation of two members of the olub eame to inquire after their president's health, and received for answer that he was already dead. This confession explained tbe whole matter. The delirious patient had very natu rally taken the road to the olub, from some recollec tions of his duty of the night. In approaahlng and retiring from the apartment he had used one of the pass keys already mentioned, whioh made his way shorter. On the other hand, the gentlemen sent to in qoire after his health, had reached his lodging by a more circuitous road ; and thus there had been time for him to return to what proved his death bed, long before they reached his chamber. Tho philosophical witnesses of this strange scene were now a a anxious to spread the story aB they had formerly been to conceal it, since it showed in what a remarkable manner men's eyes turn traitors to them, and impress them with ideas far different from the truth.1' I have riven this story at length, ».n-' in like manner, and in the same work, you will find other ghosts, traced to rat-trope, to the magic-lantern, - to ventrilo quism, chemistry, and other equally natural, and satisfactory causes. But you may urge, is it not curious that ghosta have flourished equally among anoientn and modernB, under pagan, as under Chris tian dispensation ? Doubtless. As universal as in digestion, and rasaality, and ignoranoe, so universal the ghost. The ghost seems always to have accommo dated himself to the times. A regular trimmer with no strong opinions of his own, no theological difficul ties in the way of hiB becoming a sort of pott morUrn citizen of the world. Your good genius among the Greeks or Bomans was your spectre, next friend or attorney, who warned and looked after you, free of charge. Your evil genius, like Brutus a, »«ely when you wore moat anxious and least comfortable, came to make yon more uncomfortable still. With the foundation of Christianity ghosts abandoned all their old classical tricks, and turns, and fancies ; and as corruptions began to grow in the Church, ghosta entered into partnership with the clergy of any denomination. The clergyman alone could lay a ghost. Had you dorided or doubtedjthe existence of ghosts or witcheB, even as late as 300 years ago, you would have probably earned the honor of feeding a Smithfiold fire. If you read Dr Bekker's remarkable book on this subject, you will learn how potent and cheap an army of ghosts and other such recruits priestcraft for centuriea kept on foot for their subjection and management of cre dulous dupes. Cheap indeed they were ; for ghosts and witches ate no rations ; they wore no substan tial clothes ; they required no quarters, demanded no pay ; these legionaries of the air had no mental weakness but one — they were Bhy. They shrank, and paled away, and disappeared under the liabi lities of publication. Indeed, Mr Howitt himself admits this shyness in his favorites, for, with a sort of subdued humour, ho lately said (excusing a particular ghost for not entering an appearance when demanded by Mr Diokens and his doubting and defiant friends) ' how could it be expected that any ghost, of common ghostly character, would show out under Buch offensive circumstances-' There iB some thing in this little bitlwhich induces a suspicion that William Howitt iB only 'makiug believe' after all — for, had he any Bolid or well-founded confidence in, and reBpect for, his ghost, suchaB we all probably once entertained for the ghost of Hamlet's Father, we would not speak of his ghost in these light, and half-satyrical terms. And yet you meet with very sensible people who cry ' Why, it is curious, Mr Howitt believes in ghostB, and everybody knows that Mr Howitt is a very superior man, and altogether above the weak superstitions of the credulous and the ignorant.'' It would bo indeoent in me to impugn Mr Howitt'B judgment, but, without reading all through Sir Cornewall Lewis's book on the subject, we can account for the late frequent citation of Mr Howitt by our daily observation of the weight which authority has even in matters of opinion. Few care to think on all subjects for themselveB ; and whether it be on the subject of ghosta, or marry ing a wife, or protection to native industry, the human mind seemB too frequently to have a tendeacy to go on the crutches of other men's opinions. And as this Beems to be inherent in men, we capnot altogether refuse to look at the subject in this direc tion. If Mr Howitt ia urged as a thorough believer, you will find most, if not all other, educated men either doubting or disbelieving. Lord Bacon doubted ; but as, in every other subject, that deep and patient searoher into nature's secrets, said ' inquire,' 'collect instances,' reason from experience.' We have heard much lately of Shakspeare. Have we any means of judging as to what his opinions were on this subjeot. I think we have. Horatio, in ' Hamlet,' was a scholar, and the school fellow of tho Prince himBelf. In a scene I ehall presently quote, I cannot but think that if Shakspeare expressed his own opinion at all, he has done bo through the medium of Horatio. You will not fail either to remark, as we pass, how, in Shakspeare's day, the grandest dramatic effeots were achieved by the ghoBt, operating, as he did, upon the large, and unquestioning faith of those Globe The atre audience in Southwark. See how Shakes peare marches and counter- marches his ghosts — 'enter ghost' here — 'exit ghost' there ; now, as ' Old Truepenny' encouraging the habit of swearing, as he commands from the ' cellarage' in ' Hamlet ;' now taking the chair altogether uninvited at Mao beth's first state dinner. Think how the following (the nneninc scene in ' Hamlet') must have been reoeived among audiences who believed in ghosts as heartily aB they believed in Cheapside. And mark especially what Shakspeare puts into the mouth of the soholar Horatio: — Act I. Sceno 1.— Elsinorc : A Platform before tho Castle. Francisco on hie post. liriUr to him Bernardo. Ber. Who's thero T Piu:i. Nay, answer mo; stand ana unfold yourself. Ber. Long live the King. Fran. Bernardo ! Bun. He. Fran. You come most oarofully upon your hour. Beb. It ia now struck twelve; get thee to bed, Fran Ci?RAN. For this relief, much thanks; 'tis bitter cold, and X am sick at heart. (How beautifully ia supernatural fear' suggested here ; a fear the speaker will hardly whisper to his own heart.) B*». Have yeu had u quiet guard! Fran. Not a mouse stirring. ' Bzr. Well, good night ; if you do meet Horatio and Mar ccllus, tho rivals of my watch, bid them make haste. Entkr Horatio and Mauckllus. Fra*. I think I hoar them. Stand ; who Is there I Hon. Friends to this ground. Mar. And liegemen to tho Bano. Fran. Giro you good night. Mau. O, farewell, honest' soldier ; who hath rcliovcd y°FKAN. Bernardo hath my place ; give you good night. (Exit Francisco. J Mar. Holloa, Bernardo I Ber. Say, what, is Horatio there! Hor. A piecc of him, good Marccllus. Mar. What, has this thing appeared again to- night J Ber. I havo seen nothing. MAn. Horatio says 'tis but our fantasy, And will not let belief take lioll of him, Touching this dreaded sight twice scon of us ; Therefore I have entreated him along With us, to watoh tho minutes of this night ; That if again this apparition come, Ho may approve our eyes, and speak to it. Hon. Tush ! Tush ! 'twill not appear. Ber. Bit down awilo — And lot us onco otfain assail your ears That are so fortified against our story, What we two nights havo seen. Hon. Well, sit wo down, And let us hear Bernardo speak of this. Bkh. Last night of all, When yon same star, that's westward from tho polo, 1 Had made his course to illume that part of heaven Where now it burns, Marccllus and myself, Tho bell then beating ono, ? Mar. Peace, break theo off ; look where It comos again I Enter Ghost. Bp.n. In tho same figiire, liko tho king that's dead Mar. Thou art a scholar, speak to it, Horatio. Ber. Looks it not like tbe king's 1 mark it, Horatio. j Ho*. Most liko:— It harrows rao with fear and wondor. j Bkr. It would bo spoko te. Mar. Question it, Horatio. Ho*. What art thou, that usurpest this time of night, Together with that fair and warliko form, In whioh the majesty of buriod Denmark Did sometimes march l by hcavctl I charge thee, speak. „ [Exit GhosQ Mar. 'Tis gono, and will not answer. Ber. How now, Horatio ! you tremble and look palo ; Is not this somothing more than fantasy ! What think you on't T Hor. Beforo my God, I might not this believe, Without tho sensiblo and true avouch of mine own eye. Mar, Is it not like the King! Hon. As thou art to thyself : Sueh was tho very armour ho had on, Whon ho tho ambitious Norway combated ; So frown'd ho once, when in an angry parlc, He smote the sledded Polack on tho ice. 'Tis Btrange. MAn. Thus twice before, and just at this dead hour, With martial stalk hath he gone by our watoh. Hor. In what particular thought to work I know not ; But in tlio gross and scope of my opinion This bodes somo Btrange eruption to our State. MatcelluB after this demands why this watch 1b kept up bo ; why auch warlike preparations by land and eea are making, and the party draw from the well informed Horatio explanations biographical, histori cal, and international to account for these Btrange indications, introducing this fine speeoh of Hoiatio, touching the appearance of what Bernardo calls this ' porteotoua figure : — '' j Ho*. A moth it H to trouble tho mind's eye. In tho most high and palmy stato of Homo, X littlo ere the mightiest Julius fell, The gravos stood tenantlcss, and tho sheeted dead Did squeak and gibber in the Homan streets As stars with trains of Are and dews of blood, Disasters in the sun, and the moist star, Upon whose influcnco Neptune's empiro stands, Was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse ; And even the liko prcscicnco of fleroo cvonts, As harbingers preceding still tho fates, And prologue to tho omen coming on, Havo heaven and earth together demonstrated, Unto our cllmatures and countrymen— Re-enter Qhost . But soft ; behold ! lo, where it comes again I I'll oross it, though it blast mo -stay, illusion 1 If thou bast any sound, or uBeof voioe, speak to mo : If there be any good thing to be done, That may to theo do caso, or graco to mo, Speak to mo : If thou art privy to thy country's fato, [ Which happily foreknowing may avoid, 0, speak 1 Or if thou hast up-hoarded in thy life, Extorted treasure in tho womb of eai th. For which thoy say, you spirits oft walk in death. (Cook crowi.) Speak of It stay, speak— Stop it Marccllus 1 Mar. Shall I striko at it with my partisan ? Hor. Do, if it will not stand. Bkr. 'Tis licrcl Hon. 'Tis hero I MAn. 'Tis gono! Wo do it wrong, being so majcstical, To offer it tho show of violence; For it is, as tho air invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery. B**. It was about to speak when tho cock crow. Ho*. And then it started like a guilty thing Upon a fearful summons. I have hoard, The cock that is the trumpet to tho morn, Djth with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat, Awake the God of day ; and at his warning, Whether in sea, or Arc, or earth or air, Tho extravagant and erring spirit hies. To his confine : and of the truth herein, This present object made probation. Max. It faded on tho crowing of the cock. Some say, that ever 'gainst that season cones, Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, Th» bird of dawniag irngsthaU night Itrof ; And then, they say, no spirit can walk abroad ; Tho nightB are wholesome ; then no planets ftnke. No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm, Bo hallowed, and so gracious is the time. Hor. have I heard, and do iu part believe it. But look, the morn in ru«set mutulo cla l, Walks o'er the dew ol' yon hinh eastern hill ; Break we our watch'up ; and by my advice I,et us impart what we have seen to-night Unto young Hamlet, for upon my life, This spirit, dumb to u.°, will speak to him. I)o you consent wo shall acquaint him with it, Asnc'dful in our love, fitting our duty ! Mar. Let's do't, I pray ; and I this morning know Where we shall find him most conveniently.' Now, the abovo scene, apart from the exquisite poetry, and the dramatic power which pervades it ia a most interesting one in many other particulars couuected with our subject. It is diffioult, of course, from any dramatic form of compoaition, to extract the author's opinion upon the aubject ho treata. And yet, it is hardly tro much to say that the above scene ahows that Shakspeare was not an absoluto diabeliever in eboBta, neither waa bo a believer. He simply doubted ; aa legitimate aod natural a state of mind as absolute belief or ab solute disbelief. ' So have I heard,' Bays the scholar Horatio, ' and do in part believe it.'' 'Thou art a scholar ; speak to it, Horatio,' sayB Maroellus. It being an opinion in those daya that ghosts were only effectually exorcisable or manageable by Latin, the untranslated Liturgy ; though why any aud every ghost, the nost illiterate, ahould become so deeply sensible of the merits and efficacy of the Latin lan guage, which neither by Bight nor sound was one word of it known to tbat ghost when in tbe fleBh, may be a question for tho curious iu such things. We now merely call attention to the extent to which one great intellect was apparently disposed to believe possible these supernatural phenomena. But no playwright of Our day would have either faith or courage enough to start a new ghost. Tbe drama, therefore, which works .through terror and pity has not the same grasp ot agencies, as in the olden time. It has now only ono inftead of two worlds to work iu. The hore, shorn of the hereafter. A new ghost would be in great danger from the gallery. It is very curious to observe ho3r gradual this change towards ghosts his been. You miy trace it in our literature. Iu the libertine, profligate, uobelioviug days of Charles the Second and Rochester, -ghoaLa were scoffed at amongst the courtiers, but they never lost their hold on the populace. Coming down to the time of De Foe, we receive from that celebrated author and most ?riginal, various, and prolific genius, an entire work on tbe subject, entitled ' The Secrets of the Invisible World Disclosed ; or, an Universal History of Appari tions, Stored and Profune, nnder all Denominations whether Angelical, Diabolical, or Human Souls departed — shewing, first, their various returns to this world, with sure rules to know by their manner of appearing if they are good or evil ones. Second — The differences of the apparitions of ancient and modern times, and an inquiry into the Scriptural Doctrine of Spirits. Third — The many species of apparitions, their real existence, and operations by Divina ap pointment. . Fourth— The nature of seeing ghosts before and after death, and how ice should behave toward* them,' &c.;, &e.; Various other heads of chapters are given, but this fourth one, how we should behave towards ghosts, is the richest of all. De Foe here assumes nat merely the existence of ghosts— angelical, diabolical, and human — but also a fixed and regulated commerce with them, aa un questionable as that of diplomacy, or of the Boyal Exchange. BookH of etiquette you have had on all subjectn — how to behave at your marriage, or at the dinner table, or how to take off your hat to a lady in the street ; but hints on etiquette for the other world, seem to carry etiquette a long way ; and to stand on points of etiquette with the devil, I do not believe De Foe would have done in actual practice any more than did Luther or Dr Faustus. Appari tions were a favorite subject of De i' oe, for you have all read, or read of, his famous ' TruoKelation of the Apparition of one Mrs Veal, the next day after her death, to one Mrs Bargrave, at Canterbury, the 8(h of September, 1705, which apparition recommends the perusal of Drelincourt'a look of Consolations against the Fears of Death.' . This publication, as you are awaro, waa written by Do Foe, for 'an adventurous bookseller, (as Sir Walter Scott calls him) who had ventured to print a considerable edition of a work by the Itev. Charles Drelincourt, minister'of the Calvinist Church in Paris, aud translated by Mr D. Assigney, under the title of 'the Christian's Defence againBt the fear of Death, with several directions how to prepare ourselves to die well.' ' But however certain the prospect of death (says Sir Walter in his note to De Foe s work) it is not so agreeable (unfortunately) as to invite the eager contemplation of the public ; and Dreliucourt s book being neglected, lay a dead stock in the hands of the publisher. In this emergency he applied to De Foe to assist him (by dint of such means qb were then, aa well as now, pretty well understood in the literary world) in rescuing the unfortunate book from the literary death to which general neglect seemed about to consign it.' ? ' De Foe'B genius and audacity devised a plan, which for aasur anco and ingenuity defied even the powera of Mr Puff in the Critic ; for who but himaelf would have thought of aummoning up a ghost from the grave to bear witneBs to o halting body of divinity !' And so Sir Walter proceeds, in a long and amusing note, which however, to give entire, will cost too much time. You will read, perhaps, if you have not already read, De Foe's own moat marvelloua, suatained, circum stantial, affectedly candid, and profeaaedly evidence sifting fabric of truth- like lies. The narrative makes Mrs Yeal's chost, the day after that lady's death, visit Mrs Bargrave, the latter being under tho im pression, until afterwards undeceived, that she had been conversing with Mrs Veal in the flesh. In the course of a long conversation upon things in general, their old friendship, the violent character of Mrs Bar grave's husband, &c.;, comes tho passago for the as sistance of the bookseller. ' You must not forget 'tis Mrs Teal's ghost speaking. ' Then Mrs Veal re minded Mrs Bargrave of the friendly offices she did her in former days, and much of the conversation they had with each other in the times of tbeir adver sity ; what books they read, and what comfort, in particular, they received from Drelincourt's Book of Death, which was the best, she said, on that subject ever written. She also mentioned Dr Sherlock, the two Dutch books whioh were translated, written upon death, and several others. But 3relincourl, she said, bad the clearest notions of death and of the future state, of any who had handled that subject. Then she asked Mrs Bargrave whether she had Drelin court. She said, ' Yes.' Says Mrs Veal, 'Fetch it.' And so Mro Bargave goes up stairB and brings it down. Says Mrs Teal, 'Dear Mrs Bargrave, if the eyes of our faith were aa open aa the eyes of our body, we should see numbers of angels about us for our guard. The notions we have of Heaven now are nothing like what it is, as Drelincourt says ; there fore be comforted under your adictionB (Bargrave, to-wit, I suppose), and believe that the Almighty has a particular regard for you, and that your afflictions aro maiks of God's favor, and when they have done the business thoy are sent for, they shall be removed from you. And believe me, my dear friend, believe what I say to you, ono miuute of future happiness will infinitely reward you for all your suffer ings. For I oan never believe (and claps her hand upon her knee with great earnestness — an action, I take leave to say, with all deference to De Foe, not replete with either feminine, or ghostly grace, — claps her hand upon her knee with great earnestness, which indeed ran through most of her discourse,) that ever God will suffer you to spend all your days in this aAicted state ; but be assnred that your afflictions shall leave you, or you them, in a short time.' She spoke in that pathetic, and heavenly manner, that Mrs Bargrave wept several times, she waa so deeply affected with it.' And so De Foe proceeds wnu much more in the Bame vein, and with a circumstantiality not exceeded by Dame Quickly 's famed gilt goblet speeoh, or by evidence from a wit ness box. In an age like that of De Foe, when the highest were not too enlightened, and tho maaseB were grosBly ignorant, no wonder De Fob's imposture was a great success. Mrs Veal had seen, and more Bhe ought to know. Backing up therefore, as aha did, Drelincourt, as a sort of Murray's Handbook for the other world, no wonder the book sold. Sir Walter says, ' The copies had hung on the booksellers hands aB heavy as a pile of lead bullets. They now tra versed the town in every direction like the Bame balls discharged from a field piece. In short the object of Mrs Veal's apparition waB perfectly attained.' Now, if we would learn from literature how the ghoat iuterest ia prospering, skip tbe Cock Lane ghost, and all suoh short-lived impostures, and come down at once to Mr Dickens' ghost hauntiDg the lawyer's chambers in the Pickwick Papers. You remember ' the little old man's' stories in chapter 21 — about tha romance of the Inns of Court, and the strange histories connected with them. He has juBt told a startler which makes hit Pickwick involuntarily exclaim 'funny.' 'Yes, funny, are they not?1' replied the little old man, with a diabolical leer ; and thon, without paus ing for an answer, be continued, ' I knew another man — let me see, it's forty years' ago now — who took an old, damp, rotten set of chambers, in one of the most ancient inns, that had beon shut up, and empty for years and years bafore. There were lota of old women's Btorios about th« place ; and it oertainly I was very far from being n cheerful one ; but be waa poor, and the rooms were cheap, and that would have been quite a sufficient reason for him it they had been ten times worse than- they really were. He was obliged to take some mouldering fixtures that were on tbe place, and amongst tbe rest was a great lumbering wooden press for papers, with large glass doors, and a green curtain iuBida ; a pretty useless tbiug for him, for he had no papers to put in it ; and as to his clothes, he carried them about with him, and tbat I wasn't very hard work either. Well, he had moved iu all his furniture — it wasn't quite a truck full — and hod sprinkled it about the room, so as to make tbe four chairs look as much like a dozen as posaible, and was sitting down beforo the fire at night, drinking the firBt glass of two gallons i of whiskey he had ordered on credit, wondering j whether ;it would ever be paid for ; and | if so,J in how many years time 1 when his eyes encountered the glass doors of the wooden press. I 'Ah!' says he, ' if I had'nt bee obliged to take that ufcly article at the old broker's valuation, I might have get something comfortable for the money. I'll tell you what it is, old fellow,' bo said, speaking aloud to the presa, having nothing else to speak to, 'if it would'nt cost more to break up your old oar carcase, than it would ever be worth afterwirda, I'd have a fire out of you in less than no time.' He had hardly spoken the words, when a sound resembling a faiut groan, appeared to issue from the interior of the case. It utartlod blm at first, but thinking, on a moment's reflection, that it must be some young fellow in the next chamber, who had been dining out, he put his feet on the fender, and raised the poker to Btir the fire. At that moment the sound was re peated, and one of the glass doora alowly opening, disclosed a pale and emaciated figure, in soiled and worn apparel, BtanJing erect in the proas. The figure waa tall and thin, and the countenance expressive of care and anxiety ; but there was something in tho hue of tbe skin, aud quaint and unearthly appearance of the whole form, which no being of this world was ever Been to wear. ' Who are you,' said the new tena»t, turning very pale ; poising the poker in his hand, however, and taking a very decent aim at the countenance of the figure, ' Who nre you?' 'Don't throw that poker at me,' replied the form ; 'If you hurled it with ever so sure an aim, it would pass through me without re aistance, and expend its force on the wood behind. I am a spirit.' ' And pray, what do you want here,' faltered the tenant 1 ' In this room,'' replied the apparition, ' my worldly ruin was worked, and I and my children beggared. In this press, the papers in a long, long suit, whioh accumulated for years, were deposited. In this room, whero I had died of grief j and long-deferred hope, two wily harpies divided tho wealth for which I had contested during a wretched existence, and of whioh at last not one farthing waa left for my unhappy descendants. I terrified them from the spot, and sinco that day have prowled by night, — tho only period at [which I can revisit the earth, — about the scenes of my long protracted misery. This apartment iB mine, leave it to me.' ' If you insist upon making your appearance here,' said the tenant, who had had time to collect his pre sence of mind during this prosy statement of the ghost's, '' I shall give up possession with ths greatest pleasure ; but I should like to ask you ona question, if you will allow me.'* ' Say on,' said the apparition, sternly. ' Well,' Baid the tenant, ' I don't apply the observation personally to you, be cause it is equally applicable to most of the ghosts I ever heard of ; but it does appear to me somewhat inconsistent, that when you have an opportunity of viaiting the faireat spots of earth — for I suppose space is nothing to you— you should always return exactly to the very place where you have been most miserable.' 'Egad, that's very true; I never thought of that before,' Baid the ghost. 'You see, Sir,' pursued the tenant, ' this is a very uncomfortable room. From the appearance of that press, I should be disposed to say that it is not wholly free from bugs ; and I really think you might find much more comfortable quarters, to say nothing of the olimate of London, which is ex tremely disagreeable.' ' You are very right, Sir,' said the ghost politely ; 'it never struck me till now ; I'll try change of air directly,' — and, in fact, he began to vanish as he spoke*; his legs, indeed, had quite disappeared ; ' and if, Sir,' said the tenant, calling after him, ' if you could have the goodness to suggest to the other ladies and gentlemen who are now engaged in haunting old empty houses, that tbev might be much more comfortable elsewhere, you will confer a very great benefit on sooiety.' 'I will,' replied the ghost ; 'we muat lie dull fellows — very dull fellows, indeed ; I can't imagino how we can have been so stupid,' With these words tbe Bpirit disappeared ; and what iB rather remarkable, added the old man, with a shrewd look round the table, ' he never came back again.' 'That ain't bad, if its true,' said the man in the mosaic Btudy, lighting a fresh cigar. Now in the above passage, exquisitely ludicrous in its way, we havo the ghost scene in Hamlet burlesqued. The laughter with whieh you have received Mr Dickens's grotesque mode of tackling a ghost, Is another evidence that there is^but one step from the sublime to tho ridiculous. It markB also tbe extent to which our belief in ghosts is weakened, as com pared with the belief in Shakspeare's daya. In thoso days, it is quite possible that such levity as Mr Dickens's, on so solemn a subject, would have met with rebuke instead of laughter. Ia it matter of gratulation, or otherwise, that our generation are thus easy and comfortable on the subject of super' natural agencies 1 Surely, all things considered, it is matter of gratulation. But, it may be urged, why should not ghosts exist ! Why, if we believe in tho existenea of the diaembodied soul after death, why should belief in ghosts bo more difficult to ua. Believe in the exiatence of ghosts, if you like, the natural philosopher will say, but do not oeneve you can see wiin your iicaimy uoduy eye any thing which is not material — tho healthy retina must i have some thing (not some nothing) from which to receive the picture of that thing to be tranamitted to the storehouse of the brain. It is a question of optics. As a social question, also, it is one of very vast consequence indeed. Who ever hears now, — ex- cept in Bome part of the mother country, from whioh, as yet, the schoolmaster and railroads have failed wholly to eradicate the local superstitions, — who ever hears of a ghost who is proof against a Timet Correspondent t Furthermore, who ever hears of old women being in peril as witches ? The evil eye is no longer known. Selling one's soul to the devil is now a contract altogether obaolete. Second sight we are told has been laughed out jof Scotland, although apparently, the faculty, or something like it, has taken refuge in Melbourne, and is advertised in the Argus, under the alias of olairvoyance, or some such title. It ia enough, however, for modern comfort, that old women are now safe. They are unsuspected of ridiog on broomsticks by moonlight. They may pot cats without fear of being burned at the Btake for it. Thoy may even possess beardB, and escape. This is something. The world moves. You will find men to stand up for the wisdom of our ancestors. Suoh champions of the past will tell you that the present generation may have mora knowledge, but not moro wisdom, than our predecessors. Yet wisdom does in somo degree — not, perhaps in equal degree — increase with know ledge. If by wisdom we mean the habitual subjec tion of our conduct to our instructed reason, then I say the present generation is wiser than its predeces sors. No old woman in the present day could even be put through a horse-pond to sea whether she floated guiltily aa a witch, or sank and drowned in nocently aa an ordinary old woman. Look at those excellent ancestors of ours. There are no very satis factory means of ascertaining whether Romanists or Protestants hav.e in England dona most in the witch-burning Hue. But it appears that the first statnte against ' witches was the 33rd of Henry VIII., and the 5th of Elizabeth pro nounced witchcraft to be felouy. James I., one of the most royal idiots that ever reigned, encouraged the peraecutionB of witchcraft in a work called ' Dialogues and Demonology.' It is calculated that in two hundred years the murdera committed under pretext of witchcraft amounted to about 30,000. That noble enthusiast, Joan of Arc, waa burned as a witch by . the English in the year 1431. A very celebrated judge, Sir Matthew Hale, sentenced to death in tho year 1G64 two poor women as witches, who were ' burned accordingly, tho celebrated judge arguing ' that there must be witches, because there were A ttr of Parliament to punish them.' In the year 1712 one Jane Wenham waa found guilty of witchcraft at Hertford against tha charga of the judge who tried her. She had been committed by an ab surd justice of the peacc to Hertford gaol ou the charge of conversing with the devil in the shape of a cat. The pariah paraon, the reverend, Mr Bragge, in his evidence at the trial declared 'on the faith of a clergyman' that poor Jane was a witch, whereupon the Judge protested 'on the faith of a Judge, that ho, Bragge, waB no conjuror.' So late aa tho year 171ti, a Mrs Mary Hickes and her daughter (the offspring of a witch of course), being a little giil only nine years of age, were tried at the Huntingdon Assizes, and executed on Saturday, the 28th of July, of ibe same year. In short, in most of the aasizo towns throughout England, from tho fifteenth to the seven teenth oentury, trials, convictions, and executions for this imaginary offence were bo common as soarcely to exoit« any popular tennatioa. Similar moaatrova proceedings took plaoe in our American colonies, in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, these judicial murders during the yeara 1618 and 1(583 being un usually numerous. Nor wore the peoplo of the Con tinent a jot wiser, or less superstitious. One historian states that 500 witches were executed iu Geneva in about three montha, about the year 1515. Hundreds bIbo ware burned in Como, Norraine, Poictoa, and other less considerable places. One of the most note woithy cases was the burning of ftrandier, the pariah prieat of (London, in the year 1634, for bewitching a whole convent of nuns. The Acts of Parliament against witches were repealed in the 10th of George the Second; many people, like Sir Matthew Halo, being of Opiuion until that repeal, that there must be witches, as there were laws to punish them. Who haa not seen in England, in town as well as country, horse Bhoes nailed upon the threshold of houses ai an infal lible specific for excluding witches 1 The superstition, therefore, still lingera in secluded parts cf^ the old country, but no formal complaint againat a witch haB been made later than the year 1834, and that waa to j the Mayor of Yarmouth, reque8tiug him to have up an old lady to examine her for preventing tho com plainant from getting any sleep night or day. Such thinga would be hardly credible by ua of the present day but that they are aa well vouched for aa | the exiatence of Sir Matthew Hale himself. You wonder why old women Bhould have been so run upon in this liue of burning. A very natural won der, for what can be more harmless, and, indeed, frequently what can be more interesting, than your old lady when she knows how to bo old (as Roche foucauld says), and ia intelligent, and can be good humored and reminiscent 1 At what age did a woman become qualified for a witeh ? The woman, burnable as a witch at seventy, had probably been a beauty, and a goddess at seventeen. Odes to her eyebrow for seventeen ; horseponds, and Smithfield fires for seventy. Some warm-fanoy'd. Thomas Moore of those days, might perhaps think, and say, if ha did not Bing to that intoxicating seventeen, — ' Believe me if all thoso endearing young therms, Which I gaze on so fondly to-day, Wero to wither away in my arms, Like Fairy Rifts fading away. Thou would'st still bo as dear as at present thou art, Let thy lovelinesa fado as it will ; But around tho dear ruin, each wish of my heart, Would entwine itaelf verdantly still.' 'Beautiful!' 'Oh, delicious 1' cry all the young ladies, aud of course all the old ones, — if there are any old ones — endorsa the doctrine. So do I, but Jet ub go a little further. Wait until those ' endearing young charms, have become endearing old charms.' Wait until Nora Creina is married. Wait until Bhe is a mother, and a grandmother. Wait until she haa lost all her teeth, and dentists are in vain. Wait until the fine complexion is gone, and wrinkles have ploughed up that once alabaster surface. Wait until the now poor old woman, bent double, and walking with a stick,' ia brought to the eaBy chair, and the chimney corner, and until possible neglect of children may have driven her in some degree to cultivate tha society of cats ! Where is our sonnetter then ! Whither flown ! Drunk once with beauty, we may forgive the soberness which follows upon that beauty, departed. But what are we to say to the disgust and tho persecution which follow upon the former love and admiration 1 Would it not be gross slander of that paragon of animals, man, to insinuate for an inBtant that his judgments or his conclusions can ever ba the slaves of his eyes t Yet for little other rrason that I can see, that the old lady ia no longer young, that she sits on one aide of the fire, and her confiden tial cat on a chair at; the other side, and that the old lady mumblea something to the cat, and the cat purs in return, and arches his back, and seems to conduct himself like a witch's private secretary, describing with his pleased tail various figures, sa if myaterioualy writing with it upon nothing, are the old lady's once fascinations and conquests to count for nothing 1 and is there no better fare for her now than the horse pond by way of preface, and a Smithfield fire aa the concluaion of that once brilliant career 1 This sounds extravagant, does it not ! I think it does. And yet in tho vory coolneaa of my reaaon, I say it iB the mere unexaggerated, thousands ol times repeated, literally accurate history of aa many thousands of old women amongst our forefathers and foremothers. In short, to the intense ignorance of those ages, when a witoh was wanted, an old woman — to the popular ap prehension — looked the character better than a young woman ; and Bbe was hauled forth, and dealt with accordingly. In those days, no man's mother, nay, no man's mother- in-law, — able aa the latter class ot females have been reputed, for taking care of them selves, — was safe. And yet, you will every now and then come across some remarkable, and I had almost said stupendously idiotic conservative, who affects to mourn our degeneracy, and sigha for the ' olden time' and 'the wiadom of vonr ancestors.' But I trespass on your time and patience, and must draw rein. For my own part, I rfjoice that my arrival on this planet haa been deferred until the nineteenth century. I congratulate yon on being in the same position. It ia true, perhaps, that imagination haa at first eight less to work iu than of old. But that lessening of our means is merely superficial. What we have lost in breadth, we havo got, or may get, in depth. What is lost to sensation may be gained in thought and passion. Shakspeare was so great, and profound, and universal, that had he been born in our day he would not have felt the want of ghosts. He used ghosts because thoy wero acceptable to hia time. Be this as it may, tbe ghoBt has had his day. No revival ists can ever restore him aa he once was. He has been swept out of the instructed world, together with witchcraft and many other forma of absurdity, igno rance, and Buperatiticn. It is true, I havo heard of a haunted house at St Kilda ; but I cannot but think that the report has been got up by some dealer in soft goods, in the vain hope to get the premises at a reduced rent. For all practical purposes of life, and the drama, then, let us consider the ghoBt as no more ; and that there are no witches now save those that aro young aud beautiful. Let us rejoice with each other in this ; and if we *re compelled to look out for fresh dramatic excitementa, is not thia better than that old women should be perpetually compelled to look out for themselves ? Lastly, let it not disturb our reaBonings, or our opinions upon this subject, that very many wise men have believed iu ghosts, and that many old ladies have lived who have actually pleaded guilty to the crime of witchcraft. When we read, as we do, that Sir Matthe.v Hale be lieved in witchcraft,' and tbat Sir Thomas Browne, the author of ' Vulgar Errors,' ' lieligio Medici,' ka., himself gave evidence against witches on their trials, and that many other (for those days) well informed and accomplished men, were subject to buch superstitions, we are at first very apt to look down from the heights of modern science, and to re gard even these eminent persona aa, after oil, very little better than so many intellectual children. You wonder at those ancient soothsayers, when they looked into tho entrails of birds, for the issues of battles between great armies. You laugh at oraclea, and evil eyes, and omens, though Dr Johnson did touch all the posts as he walked along Fleet street, and Eouaseau did stake hia salvation, on the hitting or missing a tree at which be aimed with a stone. Exquisitely diverting is it to us that Scottish farmers of soma centuriea back, should have set out ' the Gudeman'a croft ' or their farms, aa a sort of pre . emptive right for the devil to amuse himself with when agriculturally disposed, a form of superstition which shows a prudent resolve to stand well with both sides. You no longer say, ' God bless you,' whon your friend sneeies ; you care not a farthing for the spilling of the salt, for the crossing of the knife and fork, for tho howling of the dog under your window at night, for the thirteen people at tho diuner table, or for lucky or unlucky stars. We certainly wonder somewhat when we read of instances of an cient ladies occasionally resenting doubts of their powers to bewitch, showing how superstition can be backed by vanity (even at tbe risk of life), and that receiving credit for tbe posseaBion of power has been sometimes sweet to woman, though that power be exercised in partnership with the devil himself, and no limited liability. It is well known — the story is told by Lady Charlotte Bury (not very creditable to the toller) — of her former mistress, Queen Caro line, that she was in the habit of modelling little figures as much as posaible iuto the royal shape of George the Fourth, and then burning or pricking ?cnem wnu pins, &o.;, oeneviug taat aa tne paste or waxen Royal Georges^were well worked in this way, the Heali and blood one would roar with the torture. Now, given such a fact as this, that a foolish woman believes such nonsenso, she may, without muoh further difficulty, believe, and confess herself lo be , what other ignorant people call her. Aa to confessions, easy enough ia it to understand the confessions extracted by starvation, by darkness, by torture, under which many a poor old victim has declared, that abandoned as a witch by husband, children, and frienda, confeasion waa the best, when life was a burthen, and death a relief. I feel no com placency at our own superiority to such enormities, but am awed when I read of such things; and of the j superior people who have believed in them. Indeed, I it seems clear, that no intellect, however vast or pene trating, i'b able to rise entirely above, and out of the errors and prevailing superstitions into the midst of which it is born, and whioh tbat mere individual ] intellect ia always bearing rtspeotfully meationed, and seeing generally acted upon. Every mind is horn I into a eort of moral prison, and must prooure wise freedom for itaelf as best it may. It would be most absurd and UDphilosophical, therefore, for any of the present generation to look down upon the credulity of a Sir Matthew Hale, a Reginald Scot, or a Sir Thomas Brown. for we have only one advantage over them. W a como into the world later. We co-exiat with uni versal printing and with electric telegraphs. For tho rest, it is certain that our sympathies and our weak nesses incline us to believe what other people believe^ or say they believe. It is 7io£ easy to believe that any old lady ever rode out by moonlight astride upon at broomstick, as that respectable female friend of onr boyhood, Mother Sbipton, in a rod cloak, and high crowned hat, waa always represented to be doing in: those portraits of her prefixed to her collected works.1 But even thia ia nearly as easy of belief as that a loo table should dance without a partner, or ?ihat Jones Bhould be able to say what is passing in youir mind a3 distinctly as you know it yourself; anl yet many people even now profess to believe in thei'e things. But these beliefs are classed among the wonders of science, and are not properly superstitions. At any rate they are harmless, and threaten no one/ a life or safety, Not so with superstition. That is cruel, ig- norant, knowledge-resisting, and remorseless, Reso- lute, honest thought can alone root it out ; that habit of independent thinking which came in with the discovery of printing and the Reformation, and which makes the world so much less dangerous to live in than of old. Fancy, if you can, a Mechanics' Institute like this, any time before the reign of Henry VIII. Had any Mr David Blair then adven- tured a lecture ''on the Vestiges of Creation, '' his audience would pretty soon have made a vestige of him. Had Mr Richard Birnie then tried his hand at ''Personal Recollections of London celebrities.'' it would have been at the imminent risk of becoming merely a personal recollection himself, after being roasted as a dangerous celebrity in the centre of Smithfield. Even Mr Gibbon's phenomena of colors would hardly have been safe ground in those days, when men were ingenious in extracting daugcr from everything in proportion to their ignorance and their fcata, But now, in every part of the British dominions, the liberty to think and to speak, — the highest of all liberties, as Milton says,— is ours. What it has done for ub, in tho increased en joyment of our own contemplations and studies, and in tho advancement of science, literature, and the arts, and the security of Bociety, may it do for all ; especially for all poor struggling Italy's, and other juggled and outraged nationalities, now strugg ling from the darkness towards the light. May those moBt terrible of all trades' unions of despotisms, - olerical and lay, soon be swept out of the world, and become merely great corporation-ghosta themselves, to excite the wonder of future historiena ; and may all enlightened and liberty-giving Kossuths nnd Mazzinis, and Garibaldis, and Viotor Emmanuels, go on with their patriotic and beneficent work caring as much for the ghosts of dead tyrannies and super stitions, as you and I do. Old bogies (however otherwise named) and literary Mechanics' Institutes cannot possess the earth together ; and as it is not convenient for us to go, why the others must ; and with this inevitable conclusion, and thanking you for your sustained attention, I take my leave of these ghostly themes, and lest the witching hour surprise us, now say, ''Good night.'' A vote of thanks was moved to Mr Michie for his interesting and valuable lecture by Mr MOWBRAY, the Vice-President of the Institute, and was carried by acclamation. Mr MICHIE returned thanks, expressing the plea- sure which it gave him to contribute to the amuse- ment and information of his fellow-colonists. A vote of thanks was then passed to the Chairman, and the meeting separated, highly delighted with thE evening's entertainment. 