THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. TIIEATBI! nOlAI., Mr. Barry appeared for the last time at this theatre on Saturday evening, when, for the express delectation of his Iriciida and admircrivhc identified himself with the Ghost in' ' Hamlet.', -Mr. Edwards, who. r.epro-; serited the Danish iprince, is too'jrriuch of -a- precisian in elocutionary display to (iecp in viow the romantic fea-. tures of the character,. and accordingly thenndienco -bad to content themselves' with1 an ai'aif»l'!'.'XC'niliiC!-'?P'a' .nation of tho 'part. /Mr; Ii. H. Homo's '.Death' ot Mnr jutvu »«a ii--iiHit«n oji/Aionaay anu ruesdayrip a hiuum, iinpr;via form, somo judicious ' oxci!ions\,ha'vjnc,l)ecn made from the original text, nnd tho aptors^being-be'h' ter acquainted with tlicir duties. ,.,- Wo arp-'glnd to notice that a - now original local comedy' from the/ pen of this gentleman is in rehearsal j und further, that report speaks in the most favourable torms of the. piece. Its title is' A Spec in China.' The production of a new five-act comedy even in England^ is esteemed nn imporT tnnt event in the history of literature,1, andjtlje interest will certainly suffer no diminution whon, the celebfity' of ''the' 'au'hor, 'and'tHb circumstances attending its first presentation' to. tho public, are considered. We hoar that Mr. -liogers has a strong pnr-Jh).thojcojnedy, Mid that another {of* our leading theatrical artists, Mrs. Phillips, ' has' been similarly favound.-. To more clOcicnt agent- Mr. Iiorno could -not intrust his reputation, nnd hisiselection therefore, is a proof of;hi3 possession, of tact — a quality which. in ;thq dramatic author is co-equal in importance with talent, His gratifying 'to find a gentleman of high literary attainments, und unquestioned genius, choosing tho Australian* stngo as tho medium of communication with the great 'English public. And it is additional' matter for congratulation, to. discover in the step which Mr. Ilgrrio has taken, the initiation of a local drama, which, if nursed and. guided to maturity by his experience, may one day become not tho. least lustrous of the glories belonging to tho future of this pedplo.^ A 'very' bdr- lesque of burlesques, by 'one of tho most depraved, of punsters, Mr. H. J..Byron, founded on the'onco famous operatic drama ' The Miller and his Men,'-' was, played 'for:the.flnttirno:on'.Monday, and has been . repeated every evening since, with increased success. The tra vestie of tho original piece is remarkably funny. ? Fancy the 'traculant Grindoff, alias Wolf,, being transmuted .into a dapper young gentleman, of Inxish, principles, certainly, but with many a moral axiom ready in month 1 Imagine the heavy, clumsy Bervant nt Fribcrg, Karl, completely mctempsychosed in the person of Miss Julia Matthews, — the most ponderous' of . i sentiments finding expression frem the lips of .as dainty and -spruco a- little' tiger, as over bobbed, lip and down behind a cabriolet 1 The injured iJauina, n fullgrown -heroine of the ultra- ineiodramo, embodied in a dirty drudge of tho Tilly Slonboy pattern, singibg. parodies, and, indulging in theimost reckless: ^manner in felonious assaults upon English and 'its con .sequences I' Even more atrocious than tho perversion of tho drama. Is the language of tho dialogue, which is a kind of concrete of puns of tho most unjustifiable do scription. ''What becomes of the critic's function when a successful author completely sots; at naught all rule, including: oven- tho very slack regulations which gu'de the ordinary humourist? The1 word which tho punster plays uponisat any rato remotely'reflected by what he substitutes. But the author'.. of, the '.Miller and bis Men' has introduco'd d '-.novel : kind of vorbal humour, which, perhaps, after all, is the best satire upow thosilly habit of quibbling at words and phrasei, which every modern shtpboy considers himself entitled to- im port into conysrsation. Occurrence of such a line as tbo following — : . , -.! .'. . '!You won the game and now you're won tho robber—' places criticism at defiance, and the dialogue abounds with similar graces of language. Tho burlesque has been carefully put on the stage ; the characters are woil dressed ; and the last scene (of course allegoric.il) is very tasteful. ' The Miller and his Men' ought to have at least a fortnight's run. A comic pai dc troi-i, intro duced by the brothers Leopold, was much relished by the spectators, and indeed thoroughly deserved the plaudits so liberally bestowed. It was one of the most amusing incidents of the performance. Tho brothers aro ' made up' in tho moat exaggerated bandit stylo, and armed with sword and shield porform a variety of gro tesque Terpsichorcan evolutions, somo of which aro ex cessively ludicrous. Fraulein Fannie also contributed a pas ecul, which, executed as it was in her very best style, was a welcome supplement to tho literary resources of the piece. On Thursday a now two- act comedietta by- John Oxenford. having for its title the unsuggestivo designstioc of ' Uncle Zachary,' was produced with an unequi'vocallv successful result. Tho plot, which in manj- robots boars a strong family resemblance to that of ' The Rough Di.mnnd,' is not the most interesting part of the piece. Neither is iu« dluloguo rcmarkuoio for brilliancy of diction, although tho language is not inappropriate in the mouths of tho particular characters represented. But tho sentiment of the comedy is homely and essentially English, and the author has undoubtedly succeoded in investing tw« of his personages with strong distinctive traits. Uncle Zachary and his sister Tabitha, Impersonated by Mr. Rogers and Mrs. Phillips respectively, are two well-conceived creations of character. They aro a middle aged pair of humble pretensions to cdncational attainments, who are domesticated in the country' with their brother Saul (Mr. Harwood), the latter a mechani cal genius, tho development of whoso natural gifts is curbed by the want of adequate pecuniary means. Tabitha is tho legatee of a sum of £2000, which her hus band wishes to entrust to Saul's management. Saul, howevor, seduced by (ho representations of Ready (Mr. Edwards), a speculative geatleman who is prepared to transact any kind of business upon commission, to invest his own monoy in somo buildings in London, and further influenced by the consideration that the vulgarity of hia relatives will operate as an effectual bar to the projected union of his daughter, Amy (Miss F. Morgan), with her cousin, Frederick (Mr. Palmer), the latter being tho nephew of a middle aged oxquisito, Mr. Haughion Highbury (Mr. Creswick), breaks up his rural home and establishes himself in London. Here he prospers, and tho marriage being determined upon, Zachary and his wifo are invitod to bo present at the ceremony and attendant festivities. They arrived just at tho moment that Saul, becoming cmbnrrassed by the failuro of a commercial firm, upon the payment of whoso acceptances he had reckoned to discharge somo pressing liabilities, applies to lUady for a loan of L2000. Tho anxiety of Saul, consequent upon these difficulties and the dread of Amy that her marriago will be broken off should Mr, Highbury, who is on a visit to her father, como in con tact with her humble reUtiouB, causo their reception to appear t- them' so cool nB to be quite inconsistent with tho regard which was supposed to bo mutually recipro cated. Zachary, with tho1 view of testing the strength of his brother's affection, asks him to lend him L'200 to complete the purchase money of a farm ; and is incredu lous when he is informed by Saul of his inability to comply with the request. His doubts are confirmed by the subsequent statements of Ready, who is ignorant of the disordered state of Saul's affairs, and Zachary and Tabitha, nearly broken hearted by the apparent unkindnejs of their brother, leave his houso in high dudgeon. Zachary has recourse to the bottle for solace, and returns in » state of intoxication to the houso, where ho finds his brother' and niece, her Jover, nnd -Mr. Highbury assembled, be reproaches his brother with his presumed treachery to fraternal affection, and blurts out all that Saul had confided to him respecting his pecuniary embarrassment. Tho marriage project is at once suspended, and Readv, who has arrived with the money for Saul, declines to make an investment bearing such questionable appearances. Saul's creditors pressforpayment,nnd^acAari/ at length discoverlngthat the representations of the former were truthful, easily induces Tabitha to lend Saul her £2000. The well timed loan restores matters to their previous condition. Ready, believing that he had mistaken the true state'of affairs, is anxious to complete the arrangements for tho loan which Saul had. requested from him, and intelli gence arrives that tho suspension of tho firm upon which e depondod was merely temporary. Mr. Highbury still objects to sanction an alliance With: a 'family which Includes among i(s members bo plebeian a'couple as Zachary ana Tabitha, but this objection is soon con verted into acquiescence, when thu vulgarian recognizes in tho soi duanl patrician an old village acqunint anco, who had at ono timo followed the unromantlc vocation of hairdresser, but had ultimately closed his professional careor by leaving his combs, customers, and creditors to taka care of themselves. Tho' piece was capitally played, and will bear frequent repetition. Last night, 'La Sonnambula' was performed for the benefit of Mrs. Hancock, when tho house was literally crammed to tho doors. Doubtless many that were at the theatre went solely to hoar an op* ra in which Madamo Caran dini, Mrs. Hancock, Mr. Farquharson, and Mr. Sherwin sang; but the largo proportion, wo oplno, repairod thither to pay a substantial respect to the beneficiaire, who for many years past has laboured industriously and quietly at her profession, anil who.though nover holding a commanding lead, has always been a great help to any companv in which she has been engaged. The opera was followed by a concert, and tlio burlesque brought tho evening's programme to a close at a late hour. Equestrian spectacle continues to bo the order of tho day at this house. Tho pieces presented daring tho week Jmve boon ' Diok Turniu ' and 'AH Baba.' Mr. Burton impersonates tho rcuoubtablo highwayman with considerable effect ; and tho repreaonlalivo of ' Black Buis ' takes her leapa without first questioning the ad visability of doing so. Tho aftcrpiooo, ' AH llabu,' is well mounted, and tho last scene presents a really splen did coup d'ceil. Tlio noting nt this houso is at least fully equal to tho literary merits of tho pieces produced. Tho house has not been no woll patronised this week as usual, from what ennso it is difficult to say, as tho per formnncoB are well deserving of patronago, whilo tho east-onderB aro notoriously partial to this particular class of entertainment. Histrionic .Society.— The membotscf this society have announced a performaneo to take placo at tho Princess's Thoatre, on the ovoning of Tuesday, 7th August, In aid of the fund for the relief of the widows nmlorplians of the soldiers of tbo gallant 40th Regi ment who have fallen in the Maori war. Tho pieces to be reproaonted aro the comedy of tko ' Honoymoon,' and the faroo of ' Grimehaw, Bradshaw, and BagBhaw.' Tho society will be well ropresentod on the utajo on tbo occiuioc. 