TSEW SOUTH WALES. We have files of Sydney papers to the 29&h; ult., and also the following telegranu'of Sydney news contained in the Melbourne papera : — ' Svdnev. Fridav. September 28. ' The Land Sill has been introduced, and t ordered for second reading next Thursday, t Its provisions are the same as introduced last e session. -f 'The proprietors of the Umpire were sum moned to give evidence before a Court- martial c sn Corporal SaviUe, for publishing a letter in c that journal attacking his superior officers, i They were peremptorily ordered to produce the t manuscript, but they did not. They were next 1 ordered to give a list of ell in their employment i it once, S3 that they might be summoned as j witnesses, and were threatened with an attach ment and committal to Darlinghurst Goal, t under the 7th section of the Mutiny Act, if i they refused : compliance. To-day's Umpire \ contains a strong leading article on the subject, ] and I have since heard that the Court has I j since adjourned sine die, doing nothing. j ' Two seamen of the Bione quarrelled last , night, and one, a Spaniard, stabbed the other, I an American, who is not expected to live, I being wounded in the lung and out across the 1 abdomen. u There was no quornm at the Assembly — I it could not muster one even, to present the address to the Governor. The address is a I mere echo of the speech. I ' Monday, October 1. u The seaman of the American ship Dione, J who was stabbed last week, is dead. I 'It is reported that the Government has received advices to-day of the finding of a nugget 25 lbs. at Kiandra, in second drift. ' The abattoirs in Glebe Island were first m I operation to-day. I 'A large meeting is expected for this evening I expressive of sympathy for the Taranaki suf- I ferers. ? . ' I , ' Tuesdays Ootoher 2. 1 'The report of tho discovery of a hearv | I nugget at Kiandra is not confirmed, although - I it is stall prevalent ; but all advices state that r the diggers are doing well. I ? ** At the Taranaki sympathy meeting the j attendanpe was very good, and tho i. ?solutions ippointed. Mr. Darvall came out with a smart attack on British policy in New Zealand as the proximate cause of the30 troubles. ? I 'Two thousand two hundred chests, 3,400 I half-chests, and 2,500 boxes tea have come in from Foochoofoo.' I 11 Wednesday Morning, October 3. J 'The Prince of Wale3 Theatre, Holmes's bakery, and the back parts of -the adjacent huildjngfl, were destroyed by a fire which broke Out in the bakery, about a quarter before 7 this morning. Clarke, brother of the oysterman in I King-Btreet, was killed by an iron bedstead falling on him, and two men were dangerously hurt. A woman wa3 also injured by leaping out of a window to avoid the fire. Atone time it was thought the lire would have ex tended much further, and all parties in the I vicinity began to remove the furniture; but the exertions of the firemen and others, and the setting in o£ a heavy rain, presented this. It I has now been got thoroughly under. Scarcely I anything was Eavei from the Theatre, and what I was got out was greatly damaged. It is un I derstood that the Theatre and adjoining pro I perties were insured in the Sydney for £5,000, and in thp. London and LirerDOol for about louoie mac amouni; uiu i-uo iu3», iu « oaiu, irill be scarcely half covered. I hear that two Dther bodis3 have just been taken out, and that search is being made for the body of a China man, supposed to be killed in the rush. ' Wednesday Evening. ' It turna out that there wore hut two killed at the fire — a brother and a servant of Clarke j —by the falling of the theatre wall, but several others were more or less injured. Tho China- j man turns out to have been absent. Stephens I has Io3t the whole of his theatrical wardrobe but or.e dress. Mis3 Jones has not lost much, although the contrary is reported. Eayner has lost his wardrobe also, but his position as tho lensea of tho only remaining theatre (the Tictovin) will indemnify him. ' ' ''Kir. ? Weekes has ot-ated ia the Assembly I that negotiations with the Victorian Govern- I msnt 03 to collecting duties on the Murray have led to no satisfactory result. ' Sir, Lp.C3S has obtained leave to introduce a Bill to regulate Chinese immigration, by a majority of 26 to 16. The principal ground of opposition was that this ought to have been a Government measure. _ 'A motion bj Mr. Deniehy, for a pre liminary step to procure a grant from the Legis lative Assembly for a free public library, Iia9 been negatived by 17 to 12.* ' The foundation-stone of a new Bible-hall has been laid by the Governor- General.' Kiaitoea.— The Albury Banner of Satur day, 29th September, gives this as the latest from Kiandra: — 'Ferguson's coach arrived yesterday morning, bringing anyihing but satisfactory news. A doctor and two Adelaide mim?r3 who have given the place a fair trial, stats that the greatest distress prevails, and the result in the case of the two latter, after four months' hard and persevering labour is a3 follows : — One realized 5s. and the other 20s. From all we can hear we can only conclude that Kiandra can never be what ia known as a 'poor man's diggings,' and only those with capital have the ghost of a chance of nucceeding there.' Tee Pabliament. — Parliament has been reopened, but the information which has as yet been made public relative to tho probable work of the session ia very hazy. The opening speech had all the meagreness which usually unaracterizes such documents. Its substance may be briefly stated. The state of the revenue and the general prospects of tho solony wero said to be encouraging. The arrangement by whieh Melbourne had been made the terminus of the steam postal service by way of Galle had been protested against by tho colonial Government as inequitable to New South Wales, and had been at once abandoned. a. Bill was soon to be submitted for guarantee ing a moiety of the cost of steam postal service j'ld. Panama. The colonists had been appealed :o, and had displayed prompt loyalty in volun ;eering for military service. The Government lad sent to Europe for some heavy ordnance, is well as for a supply of the beat descrip tion of small arms, anticipating the consent of Parliament. It had been proposed to take the next census throughout the whole of the British dominions on tlie same day. The increased production of gold has rendered necessary in jreased. facilities for communicating with the 'old-fields, as well as some amendment in the law for regulating the management of this branch of industry, and in werks of the former kind considerable progress has already been made. Surveys had been made, and estimates were to be laid before Parliament of the cost of extending railways to Goulburh, Bathurst, and Muswellbrook, but these works were likely to be more expensive than had been anticipated. Considerable progress had been made in the construction oftelegraph lines, which has been a successful enterprise, and it id consequently proposed to extend these lines. The Govern ment had completed arrangements for removing the slaughterhouses, &&, to Glebe Island, and had under consideration a systematic improve ment of harbours and rivers. Bills for amend ing the Constitution of tbe Upper House, and for regulating the alienation and occupation of Crown lands, were shortly to be laid before Parliament, as well as the estimates of expen diture, and Parliament would be invited to review the present system of taxation, with a view to a more equitable division of public burdens among the different classes of the community.— Herald. Fbdebation.— In the Legislative Assembly, on September 28, Dr.' Lang said, 'that as he had found that it was not- regular to move the reappointment of a Committee of a former ses sion, he now begged to emend his notice of motion, and to move—' That a Select Commit tee be appointed to consider the subject of Australian federation.; and that guch Com mittee consist of Mr. Windeyer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Black, Mr. Robert son, Mr. J. Campbell, Mr. Darvall, Mr. Morris, and the mover.' This was the same Com mittee that had been appointed last session, with the exception of Mr. Jones, for whom Mr. Morris had been substituted. There was one question of transcendant importance that re quired immediate attention, and that was the present state of things as they existed in the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, on either side of the Murray. Such a state of circumstances had been shown to exist that it became a matter of importance to enquire whether there might not be introduced some such a system as that which obtained on tho frontiers of German States. The Committee had been appointed at so late a period of last session, that it had not been found practicable to come to any definite conclusion on this point. The motion was put and carried.' Shipping News.— The Gemini, twin boat, 60 tons, 25 horse- power, Captain Charles Stil- ton, accompanied by the barge Goolwa, entered the Murrumbidgee on the 25th ultimo. She brings about 45 tons of cargo, consisting of 12 tons flour, 2 tons sugar, l£ ton soap, 20 chests tea, and the remainder general merchandise. The Gemini had on board a large quantity of apples, which were sold by the box at the rate of one shilling per pound. This boat was at Lang's Crossing-place yesterday, where she is discharging cargo. The Albury, Capt. Barber, passed down t)ie river this week. She had as cargo 16 bales of wool, being the first portion of this year's clip. The Albury only goes down to the junction of the Darling, where she nil ta&e; on Doaru loauing iur mis parb ui iuo iver. She has been as high as Wagga Wagga nis voyage. A good market for a considerable mount of merchandise was found at that awnship. Shbaeino.— Thi3 annual work has now Dmmenced in several spots, aud in the course f a fortnight all the sheds will be at work. Jthough the number of sheep to be shorn is lore than it was last year, yet, as there is no ick of men at present, it is probablo that shear lg here will be concluded at an unusually early eriod. The ErvEBS. — The Murrumbidgee has fallen j about half-bank high, but is again on the ise, and the present rains will, no doubt, again ause it to flood the country. The Lachlan tas come down very high, and the whole of the lat country contiguous tothe river hasagain, or the third or fourth time this ueason, been lompletely inundated. . 