THE SEVENTH DAY, OF THE FIRST TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-The letter in your impression of to-day, signed " A. B. is apparently the letter of a candid inquirer the subject of the Sabbath as observed on the first, instead of the seventh, day of the week. He seems to be satisfied as to the continued obligation of the Fourth Commandment, but to have doubts as to the authoritative change of the day. It is agreeable to know that the integrity of the moral law is fully admitted, and that the anxiety felt is lest it has been violated or tampered with by the institutions of the Christian faith. To do full justice to so important a question would require the space allotted to lecture. But the following summary of a large body of evidence may assist A. B. and others, who are honestly Booking for information, in a fair and impartial investigation. L It is a mistake to say that the Fourth Com- mandment fixes or identifies the Sabbath with the seventh day of the week, according to the Hebrew computation. There is very clearly marked in the phraseology of the law a distinc- tion between the seventh day mentioned and the Sabbath. The Sabbath is one thing- the day devoted to it is quite another thing and hence the precept runs in these terms, In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested on the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." If the idea which is evidently embarrassing your correspondent. were correct, then the law would have been expressed in language somewhat different-it would have been, " Wherefore the Lord blessed that day, and hallowed it as the Sabbath for over 2\. The prediction of the Psalmist in the 68th Psalm does unquestionably declare that the re- surrection day of the person spoken of should be ever afterwards regarded as the day which the Lord had made, and as a day of perpetual rejoicing and gladness to his people. Christians are persuaded that this remarkable prophecy was fulfilled by the resurrection of our Saviour, and the day so described is the weekly commemora- tion of that marvellous event. Our Lord quotes it as referring to himself, Matt. c. 21,42. The Apostle Peter teaches us the message of the Holy Ghost, that David spake of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, and whom God raised from the dead." Acts o. iv., v. 10,11. 3\. Keeping these facts in mind, we turn to the New Testament Scriptures. The first point we ascertain is that Christ, the son of man, asserts that he is the Lord of the Sabbath, because it was made for man. This evidence establishes our doctrine of the perpetuity of the Sabbath, but it is silent as to the day to be so honoured. This is quite in harmony with the solemn recognition of the law in its integrity, or that not one jot or tittle of it should fall under the Lordship of Christ. We are thus assured that under the Gospel dispensation the law of God as delivered from Sinai shall be fulfilled to the letter, and that the Sabbath shall be observed as indispensable to thoavelfare and well-being of man 4\. When and how was the day changed ? It could not be changed by our Lord himself-that is, directly, and by his own example while he sojourned on earth. For he was made under the law. It became him to fulfil all righteousness, and not until he had both died and revived was his work finished, or was the Mosaic Economy terminated. As his death put the seal to the covenant, so his resurrection displayed his sees less. By his cross he took away the handwrit- ing of ordinances, and by Ms resurrection he proved his victory. Not until he had ascended to the right hand of God, and sent down the Holy Ghost to testify of him, was the truth ascertained that he was the Saviour of the world the seed of the woman who was to bruise the serpent's end, and be the life of man. No change, therefore, was possible in the ordinances of Moses previously to the efficacious sin offering, and the uprising of the Sun of Righteousness. 5\. But what was the change which the Apex titles introduced by his authority ? It is a weak principle, as necessary to reason as to faith, that whatever the Apostles taught or did in the name of the Lord was invested with his authority, was as veritable and as binding as if done immediately by himself. Now, in the Epistle to the Hebrews, e. iv., v. 10, we are instructed that as God ceased from the work of creation in the beginning of the world, so Christ ceased from his work, and entered into his rest. The Apostle is founding an argument in behalf of the promise of rest, in heaven, upon the fact of a weekly Sabbath from the beginning of time. This seventh day's rest had always pointed to the rest that remaineth to the people of God. Previously to the resurrection of Christ it had been the day that commemorated the rest of God from creating all things. Now, it was the day that was consecrated by the resting of Christ from the labours of redemption, and therefore the Christian Sabbath is an earnest of that blissful sale batism which awaits the redeemed. in the better land. 6\. In accordance with these principles, the Apostles and the whole body of primitive be- lievers observed as sacred the first day of the week, distinguishing it from the Jewish Sabbath by its well-known designation the Lord's Bay. On this day the disciples assembled themselves together, and worshipped God in the manner appointed in His word. On this day the Holy Ghost descended in tongues of fire, and accompanied the preaching of the Gospel with demonstration of its saving power. And since that period to the present the Church of Christ has observed the Sabbath on the day that commemorated the resurrection, in the belief that such was the will of the Lord, conveyed to his inspired Apostles, and through them communicated to the body of the faithful. Your correspondent asks, " How came this day to be changed without any communication from the Burning Mount?" Let me put it to him whether in the cross and resurrec- tion of the Lord he sees not the Burning Mount and the glory of the law-not impaired, but magnified, by the immensity of love that is enthroned in Zion ? Whether to the eye of intelligence the terror-striking majesty of Sinai is not surpassed by the glory that shines from the face of the Son of Man? Whether the law is most to be admired when its voice is heard in the course, or when assuring the convicted transgressor that it is now a righteous thing in God to forgive sin ? . 7\. It may be of some use to say, further, that my own conviction is, that the Christian Sabbath is held on that seventh day which was hallowed in Eden. I am quite satisfied that the day was changed to the Hebrews to promote the great object of their separation as a peculiar people, ' To widen the difference between them and other nations, the Holy Sabbath was transferred from the original seventh day to that which is still remembered by the Jews. In all the nations of antiquity of whose customs we have any record, our Sabbath day was observed as a sacred day. The tradition of Paradise lingered long and travelled far. The English name, Sunday, is a memorial of this fact. Our Lord's Day is, I have no doubt, the day of the week that commemorated the rest of God in the beginning of the world. ADAM CAIRNS. Melbourne, May 23. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-As I cannot find it anywhere mentioned in the New Testament that the first day in the week should be, by Divine authority, substituted for the seventh, will Dr. Cairns reply to the following passage, which I find in Milton's Treatise on Cnmlian Doctrine 1 " For if we under the Gospel are to regulate the time of our public worship by the prescriptions of the Decalogue, it will surely be for safer to observe the seventh day, according to the express commandment of God, than on the authority of mere human con lecture, to adopt the first." EXPLORATION IN NEW ZEALAND.-The party under Mr. Lewis, of the Survey-office, sent out by the Provincial Government to examine the country recently discovered near the head waters of the Waitahuna and Grey rivers, returned after a comparatively short absence, and without fully accomplishing the object of their expedition, but not without contributing some important information to that which we previously knew of the country. We learn from Mr. Lewis's report that the river seen by Mr. Travers, flowing in a westerly direction from the base of the Spencer Mountains, and supposed by that gentleman to be a main branch of the Grey, proved to be the Marana, one of the principal feeders of the Buller and this was followed down by Mr. Lewis until the river changed its course and ran northwards, and he came upon the tracks of Mr. Mackay, who had followed up the Marcia from its confluence with the Buller to the bend spoken of, where he left it, and proceeded to the Grey, by ascending a small valley which leads to the watershed which divides the two rivers. Retracing his steps up the Maruia, to its head, Mr. Lewis fortunately struck the River Boyle, supposed by Mr. Travers to be a tributary of the Wairarapa, but on following it down a few miles the course it took led Mr. Lewis to believe that he was now in reality upon a tributary of the Grey, and with this advantage over the valley of the Marine, that it presented fewer impediments for travelling. Scarcity of provisions alone prevented Mr. Lewis solving the interesting problem of the existence of an open road the whole distance from Nelson to the mouth of the Grey on the "West Coast, but as for as could be seen, there is nothing to prevent a horse being taken the whole distance. The season is probably too far advanced to clear up this question now, but no doubt the whole country will be thoroughly explored next Summer. Sulphurous springs were discovered in the Maruia, similar to those on Hanmer Vivúa. Nelson Examiner, may 5, 