' : BiPOSiTJONS on . the press. Speaking of the impositions occasionally pro duced on conductors of the Press,, the Jlerald sav' *: ? ? ? .-j We liav s received complaints on various occa sions1 respecting' advertisements that appear an nouncing' births, marriages, and deaths, vwhich have never happened. Sometimes these have! ' been clearly-tlie ofispnng of 'malice; at ' others of the empty monkeyisui which some persons mis take for l.umour and cleverness. A journal can not, of course, escape this-, abuse. Hundreds of advertisements reach us in one day, often at the latent moment ; they are delivered over the coun . ter,. commonly by strangers. Having nothing in . them which could suggest the notion, of bad faith, they, pass as a matter -of course. 'We know of . no precautions by wliicli- this violation of confi dence' can be averted. It is impossible to.: escape by any vigilance the' snares of malice ; but there are . many who do wrong without perceiving the ? consequence Avhiclrmay flo\y froni it, or the' awful moral responsibility it may occasionally entail. _ An: advertisement appeared a short ' time back stating that a person, well:knowh,- had died, after an illness borne . with Christian -resignation, -and \- much more 'of the 'sort. ^ This was a pleasantry for which some one thought it worth /while to- pay. The person whom it was intended' to annoy doubt less .read this notice of his death with some sur -pi'ise, but would be consoled by tlie! consciousness tliat lie had not needed tlie- assistance of the un-j dertakei\ We are not aware that any, worse consequences- flowed from this very dull joke; but it might have been otherwise, i The notices of a newspaper travel fast, and; there are cases where. a- life is inexpressibly precious. A _ loud wail of hopeless; 'desolation' might follow' the'read-L \- ing of such intelligence: ^ 'A - family1 'might ' bo, plunged into deep, affliction ,* even -life might be; sacrificed . by this idea of a' great calamity. AVe. can scarcely think that any- man in-; whom;? human' feeling is not extinguished could1 ever be reconciled' to himself if such were the effect of this wanton folly.' -In tlie appreciations of law, the motive is construed by the result ; a man who never dreamed of taking another's life is not the, less a .murderer in the eye of justice if, .acting- with ?reckless brutality, his conduct prove the cause of deatlrrto a neighbour.- The cviho^iiracfio^gplces^ has been so often proved ? by experience 'that no one has a right- to disclaim, an intention to do 'what it- was ; natural to think might follow- his ? conduct. We know that some constitutions can not endure a severe, shock ; every journal we take up shows by examples that a vast portion -of the : human - family are so made that the surprise of calamity will at - once blight the reason or break the heart; It is said that 'grief rarely ? kills.'; We .rather 'think' its, power is , underrated — we imagine that we have -seen ? many waste, away. Tinder the memory of. -.blighted hopes, ov-an irrc-; miediable- .bereavement ;? but this ;-is -clear, - that t sudden alarm : may. be at' once-fatal; and that death may strike .through: the imagination before reason can rally to'the rescue. It is not -long . ago ..that a. little girl died from ithe:shock; occa sioned by seeing a coffin ; in^tlie road moved^by a ? string ; ; another became an incurable lunatic from the' alarm of a'ghost. What mijst have been the .reniorse-of-the- guilty-parties ?- ldow-Buch -jokes dovelop-jnto. crimes 1 The advertisements of: births .are often. the re sults of similar malice ? It is sometimes intended ??J to feast ia' slur on the reputation,/ or to give pro-, mincncc to facts which humanity would rather ..veil., These are., things-which reveal. a base and . malignant -.nature.- - No man, not. incurably vile, wouid-stop1 to embitter the calamity which leaves ? often -a deeper impress' on thd Unno'cent than on the gililly. ' : -We had, tho other 'day; an advertisement of ' tho marriago'of a gentleman on the shady side of \- forty-five; All- was very prettily drawn up. There , was nothing, improbable on the faco of it: but in ? tliu neighbourhood-^ tlie parties,it.was, calculated ?jitO'produce a loud laugh — and, no doubt; it did So. %^nay; howover;:readily im'agii'io liow-a similar might ljaul to very bad cohseqtiehce's,.' Wo ' do not know -why society, should bo amused by a false report wliioh may. carry to some innocent person a fatal stab.,- .Affairs of tho heart are ? trifli's only to third parties,- but, ft young woman ?*'vvho is worthy to be doved could 'scarcely road such announcement of Jicr betvotlial without/emo '? lions -which no humane person could wish another \- tlj foul. . ? We- havo choschf,,to treat this 'subject- in its moral aspect. Wediavo, pointed out that as a joke,- from its fucility-alid meanness of invention, I'iHs.very dull— that a§ an act of mitlico.it is des picable — and that in it's possiblo results it may be ?brought into tho category of crime ; hut wo havo no doubt that persons making falso advertisements not only unfairly oxpose.tha, Press in certain cases to actions, but are tlteliisolves ? liable t,o a process, Tho ruinous consequences 'which might result, 'would furnish a justification for severe damages. If the law is not Rullicimjtly. stringent to. rcnoH cases whore 'the' f olinga only fire conomiiicid, -it. on..;! I tj bo mad'1 s--. jrfiblic ivimTiik'nco will not allow of delay which might, servo to dis criminate between the true nnd t.lio false adver tisement, and it would bo alike the duty and in terest, of the Press to facilitate tlio detection of . those who so grossly abuse its facilities.' We owe no secrecy to people who turn an agency for* good into a curse. It is not for tho public interest that, any man should have shelter from tho just, punishment of his wrong-doing under the idea of newspaper inviolability. So far from this, wc shall feel ourselves particularly bound, by our in terest in the legitimate liberties of the public journal, to do our utmost to detect and bring to just punishment these often assassin-like, often silly, people who sometimes mean'more mischief than they do, but who, also, not unfrequently, do mischief, without meaning it. ? Practical jokers are always persons of weak understanding. One fool ties the tail of a liorso to a manger; another opens all the gates of a neighbourhood ; a third wrenches off knockers ; .some run against every decent woman they can insult with' impunity ; others give a false alarm of fire; and another set ring up all the doctois. Well, and where is tlio wit of all these things? They merely show 'that a few mischievous idiots can give' a good deal of trouble.;— a thing society never, doubted— a fact which it is no such mighty honour to have illustrated. ' Let us, however, shun uncharitableness. How .small a quiiutity of brains fall to tho share of many young gentleman ! There is a danger that , we should too much reproach the heart , with ab surdities which arc excused by the weakness of the understanding. People who have no. taste for books, who talk only of dogs and horses, whose ; manu.ers :are formed in the ..-kennel, 1 and '.whoso aspirations rieycr advance -beyond. the 'sen-, suous gratifications of a' semi-barbarious life, are perhaps unable to appreciate the character of .their .own actions. Since nature , abhors a ; va cuum, tliey are doomed, from the narrowness of their, capacity, where nothing better .can. lodge, to I everything small, mean, and contemptible. 