Original Correspondence. MORE ABOUT TURKEY. To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney GENTLEMEN--One tale is very good until another is told; and as you published in your last issue a Turkish Tale, perhaps you will allow me space in your next to give my version of the Turkey Tale. A gentleman left a pair of turkeys at my shop until he could find an oppor- tunity of conveying them to his residence in the country; but before he had time to do so, they were surreptitiously obtained by a forged note, bearing the name of ---------, requesting them to be delivered to the bearer; which was considered a very excellent joke by the lucky forger, although not by their owner. And to carry on the joke, of course there could be nothing more appropriate, in his idea, than the columns of Bell's Life. And to complete the joke, I shall esteem it a favour if you will extend to me the same privilege, and publish the following "TALE OF A TURKEY." A gallant officer of the dirty-first regiment of Turk- ish Ragamuffins was this morning presented with a splendid brass-hilted sword, by a tribe of aborigi- nals, for his distinguished bravery in capturing an aged Gin, who had purloined a Wild Turkey from Liberty Plains, and omitted to bribe the gallant gentleman with the breast (not the Gin's, but the Turkey's). The cere- mony concluded with the following song, exquisitely ren- dered by the gallant Lieutenant:-- "COME DINE WITH ME." Come dine with me, come dine with me, Our cheer shall be The savoury roast of a Turkey's ghost, Down by the sea Our cheer shall be. Our bird we'll cook in silent nook, Far, far away; 'Neath mantling shade of the forest glade, Down, down the Bay, Far, far away. Around shall pass the sparkling glass Of real champagne; We'll drink and sing, and our cares we'll fling Into the main, But not sham pain. Here's to the friend, let voices blend In toast and song. Who joins in the spree 'neath the old gum tree, May he live long! In toast and song. Yours, &c.;, J. PEARSON, alias B--------. 