VARIETIES. Why is the inside of this book unintelligible ?— Because you cannot make it out. Why is this book like an evergreen ?— Because it is always full of leaves. Why is a red-haired fomalo like a roziment of in-. fantry ? — Beoauso sbo oarries firolooks. What two MissoB should travellers avoid ? — Mias- guido and Miss-lead. - AVhat Miss should not attempt to translate ?— Mis interpret. .As a man drinks he generally grows reokless. In his oaso, the more drams the lawer scruples. There are no old maids in Jadan. When the girls don't get married voluntarily, the authorities hunt . up husbands for them. Hotf to Keep youb Fbiends.— Never ask amy of them to do you a sorvioe. "lou can't do that again," as tho pig said when the boy out off his toil, " We don't like promising young men," said an Oxford trader the other day ; t% we'd muoh rather they'd pay." Bow to deatiny. One of these dayB he may be polite and return your bow Bobbs, on being asked if he had ever seen the Bridge of Sighs, repliod, "Yes; I have been travel ling on it ever sinoe I was married." The last plaoo in whioh I should look for the milk of human kindness is the pale of civilisation In a case trying to prove a man drunk, an Irish wituesB was asked by the judge if he thought the man the worse for liquor; be replied, "No, by dad, he was all the better for it." It is altogether a mistaken idea that women talk moro than men arising from the fact that we pay them more attention I feel," said an old- lady, "that I've got about through with this world. I shan't enjoy much more trouble, nor suffer muoh more oonfort. Mauy persons have a partioular ambition to seem exaotiy what they are not. AVe know a rioh man who bought a splendid library, and signed the oontraot with his mark. A wise man has said that there is but .one perfeot woman at a time upon earth Mauy a man thinks that he has got her, but the really luoky fellow knows that he has. A tailor, being reproached by a silly fellow as only a ninth part of a man, retorted by sayitjg, "8till, I am better off than you; for a fool is no part of a man at all." A fellow named Coon has invested 6000 dollars in what he calls a Frogarium in New Jersey, to ruse frogs for New York restaurants, » An old .maid excused her oelibaoy from " never having seen the man for whom she would bo willing to oook three meals every day of her life/' When an Irish girl was asked, a few days ago, where ber mistress was, who bad gone to a water-ouro esta blishment, she replied tbat her ladyship had "gone to soak." A Fronohman got exceedingly angry with a waiter at an English hotel. u Xou rascal!" exolaimed he, I blow your nose for you." Horno Tooko being asked by George III. if ho play ed at cards, replied, No, your Majesty; I oannot tell a king from a knave." The editor of an Amerioan paper soya he never saw but one ghost, aud that waa the ghost of a sinner who idied without paying ?for his paper. "'Twos terrible to look upom" Habd to Find. — fashionable Young Lady : " Fa- tneir, have you seen anything of my bonnet? I must have left it in this room."— Father ; "No, my dear, I have not, but I will ta&e; the iniorosoope and look for it." An Irish friend of ours oomplains that he has suf fered so muoh from tho prevailing depression as to have been compelled to part with every artiole of his onoe splendid wardrobe, with the exooption of the arm-holes of an old Waistooat ! "Jack," said a pious shaver, who kept a ooal-shed, w hat kind of a morning is it ?" 11 Yery cold, sir, very/' "Is tho kennel froze?" ."Yes sir, hard." " Raise the coals twopence a hundredweight. God help the poor." A disappointed oandidate for ofQoe was speaking of men who would sell their votes, when Mrs Parting ton observed, with a sigh, Ah, they are as base as ASsop of old, who sold his birth-right for a moss of potash." A minister who had received a number of calls, and could hardjy decide which waa the beat, asked the advice of his faithful African servant, who replied, ' Masaa. go whoro the most debli." A sohoolmoster, who had a habit of talking to him" self, was asked what motive he could have in doing so. He replied ho had two good and substantial reasons: — ' "In the first plao?, ho liked to talk to a sensible man ; and in the nqxt plaoOi ho liked to hear a sensi- ' ble man talk." " I say, landlord, that's a dirty towel for a man to wipe on."— Landlord, with a look of amszement, replied, " "Well, you're mighty partioular. Sixty or seventy of my boarders have wipod on that towel this morning, and you ore the first one to find fault."— ' American JPaper. The Retort Lie.— Porhaps tho best retort upon a lie is to outwit it, aB Galba did, when a courtier told him he had bought eels in Sioily five feet long. "That" replied the Emporor, " is no wonder, for thero they are so long that the fishermen use thorn for ropes."— Punch. A oountrydootor hsing disturbed one night by a burglar, and having no ball or shot for his pistol, uoiseloBsly loaded the weapon with dry bard pills, and gave tbo intruder a prescription whioh he thinks will go a great way towards ouring the rasoal of a very bad ailment. A quaint old geutleman, in speaking of the difler- enfe allotments of men, by whioh some beoome useful . oitizens and others worthless vagrants, by way of illustration remarked, " So one slab of marble be- domes a useful doorstep, while another beoomes a ly ing tombstone. ' .1 0a,dti,Yb I'at. — An Irishman being asked whe ther he did not frequently oonverse with a friond in Irish, replied, " No, indeed; Jemmy ofton speaks to pa in Irish, but I always answer him in English." Why so ?" " Because you see, I don't want Jem my to know that I understand Irish." A oocknoy sportsman gave a high figure for a well bred pointer, but tho poor oookney did not kuow what pointing was. So whon the oreaturo made a point, lifting a leg as usual, and standing motionloss, our cookney declared he had the oramp, and took him up in his arms and oarried him home. At Lynn, tho other day, a Sunday School teacher asked a little Rirl who tho first man was ? She an swered that she didn't know. Tho quostiou waa put to tho noxt, an Irish ohild, who answered, " Adam, sir," with apparent satisfaction. " You needn't fool so grand about it," said tho first soholar, " ho wasn't an Irishman." A characteristic aneodote of Hogg has reaently been told. Being at dinner at a ducal table, the Duoliess said to him. " Wera you over horo before, Mr Hogg?" To whioh the poot, with his usual can dour, replied, " Na ma leddy, I have beenattheweU wi' oattle I wa' driving into England; but I was ne ver was inside o' tho house before." ' Madam." said a dootor one day to tho mother of a swoot baby, " tho ladies bavo doputod mo to enquire what you do to havo auoh a lovely, happy, uniformly good ohild ?" Tbo motlior musnil far - >-.(1 mn..t nn._ tbe strangeness of tho question, and then replied, " Why, God has given mo a healthy ohild, and I let' it alono." One night lately, Froddy had hoon put to bod, and mother and Johnny wore in au adjoining room. Pre sently Johnny out up somo caper, on whioh mother thrqatonod to take him in another room and whip hira. " Mother," said Freddy, under the bedolotbes, I know where l.'d take him." "Whoro!" said mo ther, whose ouriosity was excited. " I'd tako him under the left ear.','' Making Things Pleasant.— Thero is an eminent prelate now living, who, when tutor to a nobleman's «on, was aakod to marry off-hand a foreign young lady, with whom his pupil was sraitton ; he did so. He did not lose his reward, oithor as regards the great treasure of a wife whioh ho had got (with whom ho lived many happy years), or in tho promotion to - one of tho wealthiest bishoprics lu tho oUuroli,— The > Curates of Ewrsdolc, 