ST. LEONARD'S SCHOOL OF ARTS. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the St. Leonard's Mechanics' School of Arts took place on Saturday afternoon. There was a numerous assemblage on the ground, which is situated about a mile from the wharf, and some attempt was made to give a gay aspect to-the affair by hanging a few flags about, but the rain rendered them somewhat limp. Some chairs and forms were provided for the ladies, and, happily for them, there was no rain during the proceedings. Shortly after five o'clock Mr. N (sic). A. SEVERN ad- dressed the assemblage, and informed them of the origin of the institution some twelve months ago. He then called on Mr. Sayers, who had aided them so much, to hand the mallet and trowel to Sir W. W. Burton for the purpose of laying the foundation stone. Mr. SAYERS then presented Sir William with these instruments, and expressed a hope that he might long be spared to remain amongst them, and promote not only the objects of the School of Arts, but of similar institutions which were designed for the benefit of the masses. Sir W. W. BURTON- said he accepted with much pleasure the task imposed upon him, and hoped he should ever be proud to render a service to his fellow citizens. With regard to the origin of the institution, he might be permitted to state, that some time ago two working members of this community, worthy men who had worked their own way into the station they now occupied, asked him to preside at a meeting of the working people of the parish, to consider about a public meeting for the School of Arts. These gentlemen were Mr. Munday and Mr. Davey, who had since been prominent in the affairs of the institu- tion. He was elected to be their president, but it was not the only thing he had attempted to set afloat for the benefit of the people of St. Leonard's. There were some good works to be done which he had stimulated them to undertake. In a community like this, nay in every one, good order and good govern- ment were necessary for the security of society. Without religion and education there could be no good order and good government, and therefore it had been his study to promote these good objects. He had endeavoured to collect together the members of his own church-the Church ot England-to further these objects, and moreover to supplement the deficiency which would fall upon their pastor, the Rev. W. B. Clarke, the vote of the Assembly having taken away one-third of his income. He had endeavoured to establish a Church Parochial Society-but at present it was in a mori- bund state, He had hoped that by means of visiting -by the ministrations of their ministering angels, the ladies, whose visits should not be few and far between, they might reach the cottages of the poor, and find out who was in need of a book, of a Bible, or of medical assistance. Their Parochial Association ought to be a united band of members of the Church of England, to forward religion, education, and benevolence. (The hon. gentleman then referred to the desirability of establishing a cricket club at St. Leonard's.) They had now eighty-three members in the institution, and had since January 1st a pleasant room open, supplied with periodicals, and a little library had been commenced, which not one in ten present possessed in his own private apartment ; lectures had been also delivered on useful subjects ; and he had induced two gentlemen to accompany him on the present occasion, the Rev. Mr. Hose, and Mr. Charles Moore, who was engaged in the Botanical Gardens. He would now call on Mr. Guise, the secretary, to read the inscription which would be placed under the stone. Mr. GUISE then read as follows :-" The founda- tion stone of the St. Leonard's Mechanics' School of Arts, established on the 1st day of January, in the year of our Lord, 1860, the general object of which is to advance knowledge among its members, and pro- vide them with the means of pleasantly and profitably spending their leisure hours, is laid this 22nd day of September, I860, and in the twenty- fourth year of the reign of her most gracious Majesty Queen Vic- toria, by the President of the Institution, Sir William Westbrooke Burton, Knight, President of the Legis- lative Council of New South Wales, the following gentlemen being trustees of the institution :-Sir W. W. Burton, E. M. Sayers, R. D. Ward, and E. M. Sayers, treusurer ; W. H. S. Hindmarsh, librarian ; Robert Napier, Robert Thomson, auditors ; A. W. Barton, H. Monday, G. F. Sandrock, J. Blue, H. A. Severn, J. L. Brown, J. G. Gollan, J. Jago, O. R. Campbell, W. Mountford, J. Herbert, G. Shead, G. Goddard, W. F. Sugden, W. Heron, A. Eaton, com- mittee of management ; J. W. Guise, secretary." The inscription on parchment, together with a list of the members of the institution, and a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald and Empire, were then en- closed in a bottle, which was put into a cavity cut out of the lower course stone. Sir W. Burton then prepared the mortar, and the stone was duly lowered in the place appointed. After three cheers had been given, Sir William said, " I pro- nounce it well and truly laid." He had not used the form customary in laying the foundation stones of Bacrcd buildings; but he hoped and believed that this stone was laid for the honour of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, because he received honour from the good of his people, and it was laid for the good of the people, and if did not redound to God's honour, it was laid in vain, and he should be sorry indeed to have laid it. Some subscriptions wore then placed upon the stone, after which Sir William called on the Rev. Mr. Hose to address the meeting. The Rev. Mr. HOSE (the Warden of St. Paul's. College) remarked that in then coming forward to address them he must avail himself of the old saying, and state to them, in so many terms, that he had great pleasure in being called upon to speak on that occasion. With him, however, that phrase was not mere words of course, inasmuch as he was really in- terested in their undertaking, and was happy to ob- serve that many others were equally so-which was an earnest, he trusted, of that future success which might be looked forward to by the friends of that institution. His friend, Sir William Burton, had called upon him to say something as to the peculiar advantages which were derivable from schools of art ; and these, he thought, might be briefly and com- prehensively summed up in two heads-namely, to aid in a general acquisition of knowledge, and also to promote, as far as possible, the advance- ment of innocent recreation and amusement amongst the people. The means which it was at present in contemplation to adopt for the accomplishment of these desirable objects in the School of Arts at St. Leonard's, were-the maintenance oí a library, the delivery of lectures, the advantages of a public read- ing-room, and, lastly, the establishment of a periodical series of readings. The speaker then went on to state that he hoped that the lectures there to be delivered would not be of a desultory character, and that the books to be collected in the library of the in- stitution would, as far as might be possible, be of one kind, and not altogether un- connected with each other. It was very desirable that in whatever was set before them for study there should not be too great a variety, as was very often the case. Lectures should be made to bear upon a series of correlative subjects. He should have great pleasure in doing his part to aid the com- mittee in carrying out such an intention, and would be very happy to deliver a series of lectures if called upon to do so. He was glad to be present on that occasion, because he thought that even those who were present at such times, might be, in some degree, looked upon as having taken part in what was in hand. (Cheers.) Mr. CHARLES MOORE (Director of the Botanical Gardens) said, that he had been asked to say a few words, and did so with pleasure, although (when he had that afternoon come over from Sydney, at the invitation of Sir William Burton) he had not supposed that he should have been called upon to make any public speech. He was not, however, a novice in public speaking, having in his official capacity, had frequent occasions to deliver lectures on botany. He begged to say that he should be very happy to do his best in making the members of the St. Leonard's School of Arts acquainted with the beauties of Flora by giving lec- tures at that institution. In that immediate neigh- bourhood those who desired to make the science of botany a study had a pleasant field before them, for perhaps no part of the colony was richer in the production of beautiful flowers. He should suggest the adoption of a system which had been found to answer so well at Manchester, in an institution of a kind similar to that on behalf of which they were then present. There, different members of the insti- tution who had a natural taste of any one branch of knowledge, expressly associated themselves for its particular pursuit, and after so acquiring any special knowledge they became the means of disseminating it to the other members of the institution-thus doing good both to themselves and to others. He thought that the example might be there profitably and agreeably followed. If he could be of the slightest service in explaining the facts of the science of botany he should be very happy to hold himself at their disposal, and to give them a series of lectures. (Cheers.) Mr. JOSEPH DYER (having been called upon by Sir William Burton) said, that in responding to the com- pliment he thus received he hardly knew why it had been paid him, unless, indeed, it arose out of the fact that it had been one of the fortunate accidents of his life to have been, some years ago, associated with the parent institution-the Mechanics' School of Arts, in Sydney. (Applause.) Dur- ing the time he had been so connected with that institution it was a source of gratification to him to remember that it had been prosperous, and he was happy to find that it had also been prospering since, and that schools of art had now multiplied so much that they were to be found all over the country. He did not, of course, " lay the flattering unction to his soul " that he was the cause of that prosperity, but he was, at least, connected with it ; and it gave him a right to rejoice in the extension of all such useful institutions. The committee would, he doubted not, be met with by coldness and difficulties, but they must persevere in their task. For himself he felt that the time might be confidently looked forward to when that locality should be the fashionable end of the metropolis, and their School of Arts its Athenæum. After some few further observations in support of innocent popular amusements connected with schools of art, Mr. Dyer concluded by stating that he should be happy to give them his assistance as a lecturer if required. Sir WILLIAM BURTON, in the name of the com- mittee, and on the part of the members of the insti- tution, made an express acknowledgment of the labour and skill of Mr. Severn in the drawing up of the plans, &c.; To this Mr. Severn very briefly responded. On the motion of Mr. GODDARD, seconded by Mr. SANDROFT, the thanks of those present were awarded to Sir "William Burton for his presence and co-opera- tion on that occasion. Three cheers were then given for Sir William, and three for the ladies ; after which the proceedings were terminated by singing the Na- tional Anthem. The mallet and handle of the trowel were made by Mr. H. H (sic). Severn of water-gum, a wood very much resembling myall, but without the violet perfume peculiar thereto. 