HUNTING; ' tiw.Te.Tr.m-XfZ ttvx'S! cisillt BJOIlfGS. DitAit 13km., — I -will, with your permission, givo a rough description of .two famous days spent with this littlo pack. WJiilo I lock all iho eloquence of a '.'Ghost,' I am nevertheless truthful.in result. , Wednesday^ 27th June, was the date fixed fora turn in tho Colac district, tho distauco from the kennels rated at somothing near fifty miles, it becomo imperative, for tho protection of the hounds, to mako two days' journey to that place; accord ingly on tho preceding Monday, tho houndu left their Imma *?*,. tvm/** nml- pnrlv ill tho flftnrnnnn fnnnri tlioul*. selve3 under the hospitable caro of Mr. T. Austin, of Harwon Park. I scarcely need say both horses, hounds, and men alike fared well. On Tuesday morning wo left Barwon Park, and after six hours tedious journoyyovcr n wct.hcavy country, we ran off tho remaining twenty seven iniles' much to our satisfaction, Tlio Victoria hotel wns the placo of tho meet, and as n matter of course, having travelled with hounds tho wholo distance, I wiib not going to desert them nt tho finish. Tho littlo whip soon began to collect food for his pets, which they despatched with very littlo ceremony ; horses and men were well fed, and myself and tiny huntsman gladly availed ourselves of a cjuiet night's rcposo. At nino' o'clockjpunctual tho hounds were unkennelled, and under tho care of the Tom Thumb hnntsmnn (Mr. Green still being unablo from indisposition to perform the duties of his office) on we trotted with a field of thirty,' includ- - ing all tho principal squatters in tho neighbourhood, lo Iho run of ilr. Talbot, where kangaroo abound in countless quantities. . At this timo tho weather pre sented to all appearances a most unfavourable day; tho rain descended iu torrents,' and in less than no timo every red-hot sporstman had his temper greatly reduced somo degrees below Fahrenheit. However, after the rain, to our great and especial deligbt, wo were favoured with one of the most brilliant dnyV sports thnt has ever been our lotto participate in. I will, with your permission, giro you a brief outline of tho runs as they occurred, Ilolly threw tho hounds into the scrub, and -in less than fivo minutes' drawing routed a kangaroo out of his domi cile. Tally-hol from twenty voices mado tho forest trcmblo again, aa it were, and it was musio to perfection, every hound throwing hij tonguo freely; off started tho entire Held through tho denso scrub lieller-skcltcr after the pnek, which wero driving their game nt a great rate, facing tho open. It was suddenly discerned tlmt two kangaroos weio going along, side by side, in front of the hounds. After running thrco miles in companv, they separated, as did tho pack nnd field, tho body 'of the hounds with the majority of Iho field In ono. direction, while myself, whip, and twoor three others, shortly found ourselves in the open with only two couples of bounds. The whip of course immediately whipped them olT, nnd, after waiting a considerable time, tlio field camo up, biingiug with them the tail of the kangaroo they had killed with the body of the hounds, who not being fami liar with the hunters, refuted to accompany them towards us, and so' wo suw no more of them that day. .Feeling anxious for another run, wo commenced with tho two couple left. Not many minutes tvero wasted in drawing; uuiuin uui £uiuu nua uii ,uui- , iuu uvuiius VIUEJU ut llllll, ran n ring or two of a couple of miles' in tho scrub, but finding qunrtors uncomfortably hot, ho was compelled to tit once face tho open. . From this point, they rapidly closed upon our gamo, mado him again seek ehelter in tho scrub, but. from lbs determined way in which the bounds were running, ho was compelled once more to bravo the open ; being foiled at every point, lib vainly tried to evade his eager pursuers, but they would not have it. and after runninc in viow for a short dis tance pulled him down in the open. The ruu lasted ono hour and ten minutes without r. check. But now comes tho crea\n of tho sport: while the hounds wero worrying their,. game, Master Joey escaped unnoticed! by the hounds from his mother's pouch, and a capital chuse'he -gave tho horsemen for two miles through tho bush, eventually taking the water for protection. ~~X man on foot Ictched tho gentleman out, and lunded him over to Mr. Andrew Murray, who intends to roar him a9 a pet. After well blooding the hounds, wo all retired to our respected domiciles, highly satisfied with- the- dav's sport. '?-,-,,.., Tbo Shank Hill meet was intended for' Tuesday, but, as Separation Day fell on Monday, it was resolved to meet on that day, and a message was at once des patched to have the hounds sent on. On Sunday night, a select party was entertained by Mr. James Hunter, nnd at the appointed meet at Mr' Murphy's, punctual at nine o'clock, ninety-two equestrians, all eager for the fray, accompanied the hounds to a paddock on the. Inver leigh road. Amongst the troupe of horsemen were dis tributed tho usual quantity of « pinks,' each bearing tho mnrk of respect upon hU arm for the late Mr..Fnrls. I noticed in this cavalcado »f sportsmen a few horses whoso deeds are recorded in turf statistics, including the names of Brownlock, Nimbletoo, lSccawing, Grey Rilly, otc. Wo were scarcely in tbo paddock ten minutes be foro tho thrco resident kangaroo of this neighbourhood were viewed, the hounds saltling down to tho ono near est, ran him out of tho paddock into Mr. Slnclair'u, through this into tho one adjoining; ho then headed to wards Mount Moriac, thon to tho right in the direction of tbo reserve, wbero tho timber to Bo got over was very stiff. Mr. Frascr, on Chance, seeing the bounds ha'd come to a chock, met tho whip and changed horses, finding the littlo horse unablo to get over tho largo fences. Hollv soon got his hounds on again, and after running their game gallantly in and around the ' reserve, thoy pulled down a fine flying doo;. Mr. Austin, on Nimbletoo, with his eon Tom, being the first two of the field up, tho tail. was handed over to Mr. Austin as a nutter of right. The run lasting about forty-five minutes,' wlth'only one check. The pack consisted only of four couple of hounds, the rest not having turned up Bince the hunt of Colac. _ Wo now adjourned for an hour into 1111 adjoining paddock, after which wo commenced lo draw a second timo in the samo place whoro wo found our game. Not many minutos had boon wnsted before tally 10 was tho cry, and onward theso indomitable hounds flew in full tnllPUe : flinv rlrnvn ATnatnr TTaenatn,. tiirn....!. l.t« r» vourito liaunti across the government road round into Sim loir's pnddockj ngnin through this into tho adjoining paddocks, wheeled to tho right on a lino to tho govern ment reserve, ran a ring round this of three miles, doubled back for about two miles in tho direction of tho large swamp, which ho crossed, hounds iu viow. Several times did our quarry fall head over heols in tho deep water, which tha hounds wero swimming across und in full cry 1 When ho reached the opposite tide it was apparcntitwis all up with him, for ho etnggorod in his gait, and in less than lmlfn-mllo from the water's edge t!'o hounds ran into him. Mr. Fraser galloped up, flogged - tho hounds off, nnd left him lying for another day. The whole field tooka.'pnrting look at his highness, und hoped some other time to Dud him at home. ' The tun lusted about fortyfivo minutes, at a terrifio pace, without cheek. Iho nnmes of tho four couples o£ hounds thut performed this' feat were Stormcr, Frantic, Rosebud Melody, Madcap, Nelson, Gauntlet, and Fury. No tnngoroo can. escape Ibeso hounds; distance is no ob out, they are all natural hunters, and remarkably 'fasti with fino noses and undeniable workora. ' ? -,,.,,„, RING WOOD.' , [We take this opportunity of. mentioning that Mr. Anthony Green, ImntBinan of the Gcelong hounds, has informed us.that ho not only distinctly denies beins the author of a Into communication in a Geolong paper relative te tho joint field day of tho Melbourne and tiooloug clubs, but that he feels es disgusted na many others dp at Iho want o£ sportsmanlike spirit evinced by s u iT I- iraukine writl!r '' tbo rivot Pcnny 