ADVENTURE WITH A GREEN SNAKE. (From a series of articles entitled, " Life in Australia, ora Gold-liiintur's Adventures " uow appearing in the American Union, a lite rary journal published nt Now York.j We were not iu a favorable place to tldk-abuut-ghosts:atid-:gobliii.s,T(jr- the: trees, uuder which we were lying, screened the licht of the stars utid pre- vented us from seeing each other. Add to this the night- wind wailing through the branches of the gum trees, aud the profound silence that reigned around, interrupted only by the movements of the horses, or the quiet gliding of a snake which had been to the brook to quench its thirst, and barely ruffled a dead leaf in its course in search of com panions. TukiDg all these things into consideration, I'll confess that 1 have passed many nights much more plea sant and satisfactory. " Far be it from me to joke on matters of such grave import," I said, " I havo no desire to incur the ill-will of any re spectable ghost, and, to tell you the truth, I dou't think that one with any pretensions to piety would want to in trude -his unwelcome presence upon us. There are people enough in the wor'd who rather court such thing9, but, I for one, do not-" I started up as I finished speaking, and clapped my hands upon the leg of my trousers, fori felt something squirm ing noxt to the skin -that did .not make me rest as though upon a bed of roses. "What is the matter?" demanded Mr. Brown. " You dou't seu anything, do you ?" " No," I replied, with all tho com- posuro possible.; " I dou't see. anything as yet. l.wisli that I could. But it i >'uKe.-, tin! that a snake has run up my . tmuser-i leg, and if I am not inLtaketi, he is wriggling to get out tho wrong w«y." " Crush him, and then wo will here after further discuss the subject of ghosts," returned Mr. Brown, with ad mirable coolness. , " Ghosts he hanged ! " I cried ; and I have a faint recollection of addiug au oath. " They don't trouble me half as much as the feelings of this varmint, whom I have secured by his head or tail, I don't know which." " Shake yourself, and let him slide," my friend advised ; but I preferred to hold on aud to trust to chance, and find out whether the reptile was of the poisonous species or the common greeu kind. " Excuse me, but if you will light a match and a few leaves, and then insert your hand up one of my trousers legs, I think that we can conquer the reptile." " The position which you assign me is none of the must pleasunt, my friend," Mr. llrowu said, " for, I don't know what part of the reptile is in your hand, aud what kind of an animal you are struggling with. 1 will comply with ynur request, though, if I lose my life in accomplishing it " He hastily collected a few leaves, struck a in :i tell a ltd set tire to them. The flames gave sufficient light for the purpose, and iu less , than a minute's time VI r. Brown was ready to work. " Steady with your hand," he said, as he passed his arm up niy trousers leg iti search of the reptile. "In less than ten secouds we shall be either laughing or crying." The 6nake, as though aware that its time was near, made a desperate attempt to escape.; but L held fast., although I confess that the effort cost me more mc-utul resolution than I ever exercised before, for the position in which I was situated was uo euvious one. I felt the cold perspiration streaming down my face iu large drops, and my heart beat as- though it was attempting to force its way thruugh niy side and go into busi ness on its own account, independent of the body. " For God's sikc, be quick ! " I cried, fearing that I should faint before my friend accomplished bis object. " Patience, patience! dou't get into a rage, fur it will not help us. If the snake is of tho poisonous sp- eios a few seconds will not make much differcuce ; and if the animal is harmless, were it uot for the feeling of the thing, it might- as well lodge in your trousers a3 in any other p>rt of our coinp equipage. Don't jerk so-'— lite thing has nerves as well as yourself." Much more did Mr. Brown soy; but I was in no humor to talk, or even to listen ; and yet I can now frankly cou- tuss that if he had not made light of my misfortune I should have suffered ten | -tfiiies-the"nuioiirit "of'Tneri'tal" agony' "that | L did. Ilis jesting style of treating the affair was alone sufficient to wake me I keep up my spirits and imagine the i matter of less importance than it really was. " Now, then, are you ready?" cried Mr. Browu ; aud I felt the snake sud denly cease its gyrations and strive to effect its escape ; but I held on with a hand of iron. " When I say three, do you let go suddenly," my friend exclaimed. I was only too willing. " One ! " " Two ! " It seemed >nn age between the mono syllables, yet I heid ou patiently. " Three ! " I released my hold, aud Sir. Brown, with a quick movement of the hand, dashed the reptile to the ground and stamped upou it with his heavy boots. " Now let me see what species it is," he said, kicking it towards the fire. A moment's examination, and a hearty laugh set my fears at rest. " You might have slept with a dozen ucuLiHii you una. no iitirui wuuia (iu\ c happened. It is nothing but a green snuke, aud a small one, too." I couhl hardly believe tho welcome news; and a personal inspection was ne cessary to convince me of the f:-ct ; and then a strong driutt from my flask was needful to compose my uerves, and reudor me a Gt subject for sleep. " Let tue give you a word of advice;" Mr. Browu said, joining me in the drink with wonderful alacrity. " Nover again camp out without seeing that the bottoms of your trousers are shoved tight into tho tops of your boots. This simple precaution somotimes saves much trouble and suffering. I again drink to your lucky escape " "If yoQ do, then try the contents of your own bottle, for mine is running .Mr. Brown did not heed my request, and I had the satisfaction of heariug the liquor gurgling down his thruut as though he liked it exceedingly ; and when he did return the bottle he gave mo more ' fatherly advice, which was to the effect that I should carry a larger flask during my travels if I expected to be successful in life aud die happy. An Unexpected Climax. — Speaking of the teudency of temperance orators to put themselves forward as previous examples ; of tho blighting effects of drink, an exchange says: — " My friends, three months ago I signed the pledge., clapping of hands and a pproving cheers. In one month afterwards, my friends, I hud a sovereign in my pocket, a thing I never hud before. Olappiug and loud cheers. In another month, my friends, I had a good coat on my back, a thing I never had before — Cheers, and clap- piugof hands much louder. A fortnight after that, my friends, I bought a coffin ; " The audience was going to cheer here, but stopped and looked serious. " You wonder," continued the speaker, " why I bought the coffin. — Well, my friends, I bought the ooffin because 1 felt pretty certain if I kept the pledge another fortnight I should want one!" j A Ladt celled on a witty friend who ; was not at home, and finding-tiie piano dusty, wrote upon it-"-Blatteru;" Tho next day they met, and the lndy 9aid — " I oalied uii you yesterday " " Ytg, I saw your .Qurd on trie piano." 