RÓOt/BS >ÁND r äoaUSHr/ maOLESA^B rAM)\ _ (From thiHrgiu.) i TN pissing ifarotiglr Flimlera.lane a f«wdays ago I saw a miaerabl« Jookiog »on steal a box of tobaooo, which wa«' too temptingly «xponed at the door ola ature, when two man, who bad been watching the bait, darted ont of the alura and snizad the thief with as' mooh apparent satisfaction as tbev would have felt in hooking the shark that bad just swallowed their aunt. A policeman (who I imagine was also on the watoli) quickly presented him': s-lf, Iii» faoe all over grins, nt the immediate prospect of being serviceable to sooley, end dragged tba thief, tobaooo and all, amidst a pitiless orowd to the " look- up ;" there, I suppose, to await the formal preliminaries to bia commencing lessons in " drawing" on the roads, without fees, for a year or two. The foregoing little everyday incident awakened a host of uncomfortable reflecliqns in my mind on the in. congruities and anomalies of juilioe in this queer world of ours, a few of whioh I will troubl« yon willi, if you can afford tbe necessary rpnon in your columns. A poor hungry-looking fellow bolMly steals a bnx of tobaooo Cof the viii ne, I assume, of 80s ), which ii, almost oruelly,-plsoed in his way to tempt biro, for whioh be ia seized, prosecuted, oonvioted, and will probably be made to work hard, on corresponding diet, losing his liberty for a year or two, and possibly losing his cbaraoter for life. I am for from unduly sympathising with the thief, nor would I qnealion the jnstioe of suoh a sentence, viewing tbe thing abstract, edly ; but a glanoe at eni.tber pioture in my mind's eye materially alters my feelings. Fat, sleek, hypocritical rascals, (the most dangerous thieves in the world,) who are never hungry, steal a cargo of boxes of tobacoo, or a oargo of anything else, in boxes or out of boxes-they sre not fastidious-i.e., hay it on credit, without the moans or the intention of paying for it, HveBumptuonBly on the plunder as long as they can, to the ruin ol ' honest traders, who ' but hope, lessly try to compete with tbrm, and when their friend the devil faila them with bis oonnsel, they suddenly fail to the utter amazement cf the masses, who thought them enormously wealthy and superlatively good men. A composition is offered and aooepted, and on tboy go again, in a day or two, aa lively as . eels just skinned: or they are smoothly and sympathising escorted through the Insolvent Court, and tbe week after next buy mansions to live in, and, with virtuous indig. nation, repudiate the right of any of their poor ruined oredltors to give vent to the ghost of a groan within reaoh of their sensitive ears, and dare them to pen one para- graph, or utter one sentenoe, demonstrative cf their dis- gust at suoh barefaced swindling, on pain ol payirw the oosta and pooBllies of a pro geoation for libel. JLaw and lawyets support us I Pardon my intemperate ebullitions, dear Sir, 'tia enough to make a Quaker kiok hiB mother to bear tboBe oily, spooo-faoed, panic-breeding rogues prate of their morality, and virtually threaten to murder the men they bare robbed and ruined if they daré" to grumble, or to impugn their piety or honesty by word or Bign. The patienoe of poor old Job would scaroely have Blood Huon a shook, muob leBs mine. Allow me, Sir, to address a word to these individúala :-" Hear me and don't mistake me; X am in earnest, ye superfine satin-Bkinned, sanctimonious, cheating, obaunting scoundrels, ye would rob a poor blind man of bis dinner and bis dog if nobody were loobiag at you, and that is tho quint- essence of roguery ; and you would murder your mo thers if they dared to say you were not upright, honest men. Now club together and perseoute me for libel for telling a little bit oljtruth ; bnt be careful,, lawyer*, I am not a riob man now, a lot of auch rogues have robbed me of my fortune, so mind you losk ont for your coBts on the other Bide." If that stupid, hungry-looking thief bod had a little more worldly wisdom (ie., moro skill in lying and bypooriay), bad be taken a few lessons from soma of bis brethren in the wholesale line, be would have bought the box of tobaooo on oredit, and then he might have sat and smoked as quietly BB a Turk in bis harem, no policeman daring to make him afraid. This is too reBpeotable a oily, 1 Bh->nld hope, judging from its grand appoaranoe, to barbour any wiaked villains of the second class I have alluded to ; but there are soma in the oity that I came from, and yon would »ot have far to run to find them when yon stepped on , Bbore, sleek, serious, greBsy- looking men, " whose eyes stand out with'fatness." There is brass enough in their faces, to..make a barrowful bf knookers, only you can't sae it through tbe thick oo.it of solemn blornoj varnish whioh oovers it ; and although some of them have recently been whitewashed so ? noothly, they are like animated soot-bags beneath, and no olean body can rub against them without defilement. I have oome to Melbon-ne for oharjge of air, and to get out of sight and soeat of those knaves for a short Bpaoe, but I havo not escaped Boeing some of their maud- lin, oboter creating effusions, in virtuous vindication of their bUnoar and honesty, in the Sydney newspapers of late, and the perusal of them bas given rise to tl.ese re- marks, whioh I should not otherwise have troubled my- self to pen. I am. Sir, yours truly, LAZARUS LOSTAIJ,, from Sydney. 