... METROPOLI TAN GOSSIP. {From the Liverpool Albion, November 6.), ; London, Saturday Evening. THOUGH the subtle polemic spirit of Fawkes . evaporated, and scarcely a young vagabond in Cockneydom hus let on a controversial cracl the explosive- ghost of Guy rides on the wh ' wind, if it do not direct the storm. Fierce is one now blowing again, nprooting pantilrs, t chimney tnps overturning, rain flooding metropolis as if Appnld, the centrifugal' pu man. of the > Crystal Palace, had fifty thous* hydraulic engines in full gush from as rai balloons. The close ot to-diy recalls the openi ofthat ¿th of November Inkermann morning 1 '54, when the: Tartars caught it a i confoundly both horns of.the dilemma they drove Bull in Twice ns severe would have been their goring I for tail-turning of our "galant ally," whom' entreaty or example. could inspire to charge t hill-top till tho MIIBCOVS had . gone down ;-(fi loud crowed the Gascon bird, and in his banti peg-tops a stampede pranced exultant ;-t ? British goose much wondering' wberefoi but waddling off withont daring to say bo, lt the fire-eating qu.ack, St. Arnaud, should blt the coals of strife, and talk of " cooking" t perfidious poultry of Albion the abhorred. WI shall bo cock of the walk, nnd of what walk il \- cock, ere another barometrically .boisterous b ' moro gunpowdcrish Fifth of November con round ? Austria asked, or there was for instr asked, the same question this time twelv months, and the world knows the answer s months produced. Lows than the latter period tobo allowed us; for the Man of Destiny a-' anniversaries, and'-precedents, and coincidence singular and plural, is reported, tn half jest an three-quarter earnest, to have fixed upon visitin us in the very month on the 10th day whereof wi enacted that Brobdignag blunder by Lilliput pei dlers in politics of putting a special constable staff in the hands of the anti-rent-paying tenant < No. 2, King-street, St. James's, and rellim? hil to knock on the . bead whomsoever called forth charter, a lesson he improved upon when li applied grape-shot to his countrymen who erie liberty, equality, fraternity, after ho had grow hoarse screaming that social science snibbolet himself. A writer in one of the enrrent month' periodicals recounting; the experience of a lon snjonrn, not tho first by many, amongst our beti« volent and philanthropic neighbour*, thtis plea aantly portrays th» good time that is buming hefor .the merry month of May, namely-~" fonnd th French at home most cordial to Englishmen whom they treat with great kindness',' postubl; condescension. AB for the soldiers with whom conversed, they really regretted tho necessit; which would force them topsy us a visit nett April, but then 'ce Waterloo, mon cher !' "] vain I told them that our rifle volunteers woul 1>e most ready to meet them ; they only repliot * Ah, bah !" with an inimitable click of the tongm which spoke vnlumeB, I really do not beliavi the Fronoh soldiers bear na any animosity ; bu they are convinced that it is thi- ir deminy to effott Waterloo; and they have quite got over that fool int; of irritation the Crimean campaign produced though there is no knowing what the Chines) allied expedition may bring forth. AH for attempt- ing to teach them that thc Eoiporor is to-, long- sighted to run hU head against a stone wall, thai is too good a joko." This ia now the refrain of every strain, tbi burden of every song. Tho ohord was struck in this correspondence as long ago as the end ol August, when speaking from personal observation in «onie rather ont-of-the-way--that is, out oj of the highway-military p «cea in Franco, it wai said that the old vixenish peevishness against England had passed awny, thatthe French would ito longer condescend to argue points of rivalry, hut treated invasion and all the rest » f it as a settled thing, with just as much sangfroid as a business man gives a bill when he knows there is the wherewithal at his banker's- to tnke it up. If that wore the case then what is it now I What will it bu when it is known that the price paid for French co-operation in China-ruinous if gratui- tous, utiantiihilatitig when so bought-in the presence at the coming congress, so scouted in thia country the other day, of a British minister extraordinary, [very extraordinary,} with full powers torin what? «ct as a olerk of record to the behests ol M. Bonaparte! Who ia tobe thepleoipo tentinl parrot to prate out' this paltriness ? Cowley? Hardly; -he has so exhausted the roie. of toad y ism and flunkery of all kind* at the imperial footstool, that tho Second of D"cemher must be tdekened of his sycophancy, and demand a tpocial p-ir.isitH for thi-t most particular gi irifiea tion of coup d'etat Number Two. Q renville has long been hankering after tho permanent post in Puris, long before late changes, for years back; his personal tastes and hereditary predilectimis alike stimulating him to prefer it to all other official acquisitions, not excepting the oipherhood of premiership recently tendered, had ho ? even Buoceericd in clutching it. Why he didn't obtain tho embassy is ono . of tho many mysteries springing out of Normanby'a ejection-per toe of the Bonapartenti boot-from the Tuileries, the Russian prevention ot Stratford de Redd i 9V H reception there, and the elevation, through'the Borne Brunnnwfietl . agency, of the aforesaid dull . and. feeble Gov. ley ? from a. fifth-rate grado at Frankfort, [focus nf Teutonic ezirism,] to a first rate one in tho France capital, .contrary to all diplomatic usage, at least with suoh nonentities as he. Granville perhaps knew too much of the .tricks a fa Tilsit on tho tapÎB, and might be .disposed to say what he did know, something in the manner of Prince .Albert's brother, tho Duke of Coburg, who speakn nut in earnest, in reality as well as in name. Moreover, for tho present at all events, the bari is nut nf the question, because of doraestio mattera ; not only tho illness of tho Countess, but the delicacy of tim ecclesiastical arrangements at the Congress, apropos bf Papal points, would render it awkward for one of his pocultar relationship to act independently. His son-in-law, Sir John Acton, M. P., for instance, ns not merely a rigid adherent of the old faith, hut a shining light and guttle to some of ita new votaries. He is proprietor of a théologie periodical' that charms Ptmeyites in every particular «ave pur- gatory, those ladies and gentlemen, or lady like . gentletnon, or gentl -men-like ladles, considering that their genuflexions hore below should translate them upwards at a jump without intermediate hobbling, spying nothintr, of the toasting. < It is to bo noted that Acton, himself a Neapolitan, and noar relative of a " prince oi tho church," has for the fundamental law of his electioneering creed tho maxim thal "every day of tory rufo is a calamity for the Irish nation and for the Catholic religion"-a sentiment that will seem to bo supported, in the philo- whig sense it WOB uttered, by what has been done in the order, just iBsued, signod by-Villiers, Lowis, and Gladstone, relative to registration of Catholic oliillren in workhouses. Yet, to give a certain unmentionable personage his «lue, it is but fair to add that this concession, which Derby might have not. improperly alluded to at the Liverpool banquet, had been deposited in the proper pigeón-hotea by aotheron-Escourt'and the Earl of March, a circumstance deserving < conservative consideration ere Canon M'Neil begins to blaze away again at his old foe* th present advisers of Jeznb-1, with whom, however some of them are not particularly good odour, an< still less with "the brince in his beauty." If, then, neither Cowley nor Grenvillego to thi Congress, who is there? Wodehouse ami Elgir are the most eligiblo; indeed trie only pair whc are so ; but neither would be the right men in the right place.. What if Lord John went t Nay, what if Palmerston himself Î Who so fittingi Ci vis Romauus at the feet of a Greek of thc Lower Umpire would be a spectacle clearing up all doubt about original sin; for Machiavelli himself would admit that it could only be the production of a world six thousand years old in iniquity. Besides, if either Finality or the Viscount were away, there would be not only no reform bill, which ol'course nobody expects, but : ho necessity to say a word aboat that will-o'-the wisp, or jack o'lanthorn ;-a -lanthorn which doesn't disclose to John Bright the honest man whom the Diogenes of Birmingham expected to find in the author of the Vienna points, which he knows to have bee'i considerably sharper than the ' then colleagues of the noble lord allowed the world to become aw ure of. For deliverance from that dreadful requirement of having to go through the bosh of another bill it is hard to tell whether one or other of the; Dromio premiers would be the more thankful. And no wonder. Imagine a '' broad 'ami comprehensive measure " for once more capsizing the constitution brought forward by a Ministry in a minority of two !-for suoh is the computation of the Carlton Rose, based on the Ayrshire return and the (presumptive) issue of the oom mi tue inquiries coining on, A further Treasury defalcation is expected from the falling riff of certain Hibernian senators liberal in every- thing except the concession of liberty to the Italians, of whose liberalism one of the most liberal men in tbo world expressed 'an astoundingly cir- cumscribed opinloa yesterday, namely-Louis Blanc. This plain spoken philosopher pronounces all republicans " from the Alps to the Adriatic " to be arrant humbugs, who diddle themselves into a notion of their ' own sincerity when they can't tret those who know them to' believe in it. Perhaps the Italians might return the compliment in regard to France, where he eays the' real re- publican spirit is ardent as ever, and must ultimately and era long bum up the bespangled rubbish of this peepshow empire, with its fantoc- cini Hgures of painted cork and gilded gutta percha. Louis, who has jri*t finished the MS. of his 11th volume, is of opinion that Montalombert'a article will injure the Count with all thinking people, it ie so excessively clerical ; but Blanc's judgment as to who are thinking people, in respect to such themes, ia of rather equivocal value. Tho demand for the count's productiom to day, at Jeffa',. Bur. lin«tou Arcade, is considerable, seeing that it ia in French the translation, to be ready on Afon day, will probably be in more brisk requisition, especially among the Wisemanites, who regard it (jtidiiing by the extracts in the journals) aB a storehouse of those ultramontane weapons in the nae of which the Cardinal is the pre-eminent 6eau sabreur. He has rallied again from his illness, an>I might be se<m riding about town to-day, (before the storm began ;) meditating, mayhap, on th» mutability ot' things human, as exemplified in the all but that absence of those firework atutfed imanes of himself which abounded in the "aggression" year, when the red stockings fi rat stepped " from out the Fláminian gate," on the Tiber, into thu hot water of the Thames. Hotter is the water in the former streamlet now; and thither he proceeds presently, partly because of the p olitical tribulations of the Pontiff, and partly his own. The latter arise from'disputed jurisdic- tion, his subordinates being somewhat contuma- cious. They don't relish the Hildehrandish brandishing of Nicholas' crozier, almost as weighty as Edward thc Confessor's gold walking stick, in the Tower, 9} tb*., or the gigantic Cardinal Moutmarencie'a 'staff, in Metz Cathedral, 9 feet high, and of proportionate avoirdupois, enough to fell an elephant. Si«me enriosity i* felt as to whether Wiseman will tnko Paris in his way to Rome ; and, if BO, will have audience of thu Villafranca peacemaker, even thouuli it should be at Oompeigne. There, it ÍB not impossible, he may come across the writer of the Durham letter himself, dressed as a beef- eater, or t'osur «le Lion, or Ajax, or ? whatever be the tomfoolery John may resolve upon going through to put the Jack-pudding antics ol' the Comic Old Gentleman in the same place last year out of countenance. These latter, it is eaid, caused the saturnine and smilelens Emperor so to lauiih that his own mother would have hardly known him, much less his father, in whose eyes he W8B always rather ambiguous, that is, the individual to whom hin putative paternity was assigned. Thus when L.N.B was engaged in a plot with his brother, (whose letter of'31, a programme of Italian ' radicalism, was lately referred to so conspicuously in the French' Go- vernment journal as not being that of his Majesty,) his life was in jeopardy at ti ie hands nf the Pope, against whom he had conspired and had fought, his brother dying of illness, occasioned by the foray in the Uoinagna. A well-known friend of the family wrote on the subject to the King of Holland, husband of the fair and too facile Partant pour la Syrie, a-king him to exert his (atherly authority to rostrain tho sorrowing scapegrace from running his ill-boding physiognomy under the nose of the Pupal sbirri. Thereupon the abdicated Dntch ruler replied that he had no authority, and wished to havo none, over the precious Pickle, who was no son of hie, and ho didn't know or want to know, whose non he was :--a cut at the insignificance at least of Count Flaha'ult, which that phlegniatio Flanderine happily did not sink under, either then or since,-and he is now nearly as old as his noble father-in-law, Lans- downe. Louis Napoleon has seemingly never omitted an opportunity of doing sinister' mischief to St. Peter s patrimony from , that day upwards, however his interest may - ' have urged him to afford ostensible aid. Thus, it is now known, beyond all doubt, that he road About's book in tho proof sheets ; that his other brother (by another father) Moiny, penned the last few' paragraphs nt his dictation ; and, finally, that 5000 copies Were privately printed by the French Government, who nftorwnrds protended to make such a splutter about the extinguishment of tho terrible missive. Thus it is ever, and over has bean, with this charlatan Casser, in every par tículñr;-professing ono thing and doing onothor, and doing it all tho more determinedly in propor- tion to the vehemence of bin avowal ' that he means thorevorso. So will he deal with ns; and if wo let him so we deserve that his posthumous RotlamnnthUB, Posterity, nliout whoso favourable verdict he is'So 'squeamish, should return à ver- dict of servod us right. But not so. Voices rise as it were out bf tho'depths of tho troubled times to say, Bcwaro ; and one in partionlor has now joined in the chorus that should suffice to rondor 'ethers unnecessary. ;'T i .. . * f ' ..;''*. J Nothing so significant, no straw moro ihdjoa itivo of tho,, tondency' of the coming tornado, has yot appeared than Bir W. Napier's lotter »um morling riflemen to form, and tell.'ng them. formation would gu but a moiety of the i towards half tho battle if they didn't know TI to do with themselves when formed ;-the rebuking the foolishness of ono Wise, who been assuring some agricolous oafa of his c stamp that it would be derogatory to Knglisht to pop at an enemy from behind hencoops, h.et] rows, and like sholter. The Peninsular Histor has long bean sud an invalid that even the fa of the "one Hogg" variety of the bristly mu lude,-never moro pig-headedly porverse tl now, could impel him to poke them up witl stinging epistle as of old ;-and he left them congenial care of care- taking Do whs, Tape Tadpoles, and tho rest bf the race of ni tn' tricksters who rule our mediocre age, when everything is feeble but the cant of streng Bayonet-pierced, sabre-scared, bullet-drilled, t anguish of old womilla increasing with ne<vyea tho veteran . combatant, " splendid . in ruii antiquely picturesque, with Jovine front a Achillean hulk of limb-has lain tranquillyxwa ing the trump that shall summon him from 1 I dream of battle to enduring compmionship wi warrior spirits, especially the fraternal ,f Baird Vision that swept Scinde." And on th favourite of these columna, as of more punge columns too, here's a shot from a new arsen-tl, "Tom Brown's Magasine," or( the maguzi whereof Brown ie the Long Tom, or great, gu Brown is the flesh, however, being a short Brow Bill, namely-Mr. W. Hughes-a fine fello fat, forty, foxy, and funny, thc latter especial remarkable, seeing that he ¡B a lawyer, who merriment is generally, of the death's bead ord of livelineas, laughing at which is a very thura joke. In an article on oheap art, one of Tom colleagues, referring to the Charring Cross meto liferons effigies ol the victor of Meanee an Hydrahad, squelcher of Ameers of the valley an squasher of robbers on the Hills, thus discourse« -" This statue of Napier shows, a shortish mai wrapped in a large cloak, holding a sabre a'.ra In his breast, looking nowhere, doing nothing, more figure of bronze on a pedestal. Nothin could be more fatal to the purposes of the statut Of all the men and generals we have never ha one less con/entional than the greatest of th Napiers, Every reader who has seen him wi remember how markedly characteristic his appeal anee was :-lean to emaciation ; a little stooping not so much from weakness or age, as from wea of tho eager fire with which the whole soul of th man was permeated. He looked swift to think am to do ; keen aa a sword, and penetrating a« light ning. Tho sunken oheoks and glittering ey gained effect from the overhanging penthons brows and tho clear-cut decisive mouth. An ol comrado described him before a fight as drawinj himself forward, and thrusting forth his head, am ' looking ont,' just as the eagle, putting hie fee on the ground firmly, ruffling hts plumage, am reatly to strike with wing or beale. His eye glittered with a steadfast light, and looked keen!; round, ready to attack at right or left. How fa fitter this imago of the aged eagle than th< conventional old gentleman in the cloak, holding the sword so tamely 1 If we mint have statue: of old gentlemanly generals this would be the righi way to SIIKW them ; but Napier was the autithesit of an old gentlemanly general ; and therefor« better have tho eagle with the ruffled plumes." As little of the old gentlemanly genoral is thc surviving Pollux of the dead Castor, living twin of the fighting twain, lie looks out from hi» Clapham eyrie, and. with his prescient beak scents the coining death feast--not afar off, emit- ting the admonitory though stimulating Naperiari cry-" Keady ? aye, ready for the field 1" How then is il wonderfnl that even the hypothetical tinkle of arms should rouse the bent soldier, ar the reviellé did in the court-yard the. stricken' Red Gauntlet from his wife's coffin, urging him to horan and to combat ? What is there surprising in'the circumstance that he who in prose more noetic tban a bargeful of Tennysonian bards has depicted the deeds of 0 right-angle ti fangled Arthur beside whom Round Table,' royal ri/ma roler of " Idylls nf the King" was a Tooley street tailor, should prick up his peri,' sharp as the '»hole "sheaf of apeara" forming the crest of his house, at prospect of fresh oncountor? Why this :-the Napiers [the Admiral excepted] have sn idée Napoléonienne of their own, namely, that Botiapartiam, pure and simple is pacific towards England, that is, that it waa so, in the real original Nap's time, till Pitt and the tories turned the Gaul's milk to bile. Sir Charles' Memoirs, lately published by Sir William, abound in proof of thia belief; while in Sir William's own Penin Riilar War Napoleon is as muoh his hero as Luci- fer is Milton's in Paradise LoBt. Nearly nil the Bonnpartian Marshals are likewise Naperian idols ; and by nearly all who lived to read tho immortal atory of the mortal struggle from the Tagus to Toulouse, and by Souk in particular, [himself a type of chivalry, BB the monument to Moore on I tho field of Corunna shows,] the author was es- teemed as one fit to write the " Chronicles of the Cit),".brave as a Paladin of romance himself, and scrupulous as such a character should be in doing justice to the courage of others, above all of a gallant foe. Sir William, like Sir Ohurles, ever stigmatised the St. Helena episode, especially its Lowe feature, Sir Hudson being a particular fa- vourite with the then War Secrotnry, the prosent Promier-as a piece' of ferocious foolery, unbe- coming a civilised aitd unworthy of a Christian nation; and sure to produce retribution, sootier or later. Has the time come, has tho hour struck ? In one sense, yes ; for the Prometheus of Long- wood himself) in all his visions of a republican or Cossack Europe within liolf-a-oeutury, never fore- saw Bull toadying tho frog, as is now the ouse. Not only did Sci ndean Napier believe that Old Boney would have let us alone lind wo lut him alone and loft tho Bourbons alono too, hut he be- lieved that the present ambiguous chief of the Cor- sican block would have done so too provided we didn't provoke him hy onr poltroonery.' Rather Patlandish provocation that 1 Well, and who should be a bettor judge of anything pugnacious than a countryman! of tho blessed Saint Mal la vogue, and isn't Napier that samo ? Charles ? No, William, who, however, tells us that the oilier had a hyper-Tipporary perspicacity in disoeriiing a row at any diatanco even before tlie thought of it was born in the minds of tho subsequent belli- gérants ; and thero Isn't a doubt that had ho be- held tho Kilkenny grimalkins when kittens he would have proulaimed the foredoomed catastrophe from tho 'first wag of those reciprocal tails afterwards mutually swallowod np. Among the very last of thoso restored dicta whlcq have lately guided to somo little wisdom the ninnies wno pooh-poohed IH'B sagacity when living [just as the noodles whoso folly Burke's genius concealed in a flood of light got rid of him 'as an "'impracticable,"] oho was in referonoo to this very invasion business, whonlio said that thore would be no danger of war till England shewed pho was afraid of war. W^at does'oho show now ? An impotont plenipotentiary ;at nn obnoxious con- gress, tacitly sanctioning a hateful settlement that nettles nothing buf the continuity of olmos.. And this, accompanied with a solicitation ¡ for Fretooh aid to blow Pekin down, long before the first shot is fired at which the cabinet engineers that aim fie projectile will be blown np, heaven known how high, though it's' a comfort to know that in i their.descent they can't well fall below the present Bedford Level, Guildhall will have listened to no such sounds since Gog and Magog were the MÍO of Tom Thamb as will be heard on Wednes- day at the Lord Mayor'» dinner, if other lords tell the truth, tho whole truth, and no hing but the truth. Turtle-work of the kind to be then announced will derange the stomachs of the whole common council at the board ; and, if it do, why it won't he altogether throwa away, for there is a Providence even in the indigestion of an alderman, though for the most part developed in the guise of » 'Préraphaélite nightmare. 