O a RIO VS DK0I810N8 Of THE ÍBÍFEHIOR ",-..-.aOU&IS.QF.JLUSIRALIi.; . TO TUR* Wurroit* öv THE SUTOIE. Sin,-On rending over the deoieions ot the Pulioe Courts in tbis diairiot, ai reported in the public j.iurnnlrt Tor tho lernt fo'w'days,,one is porfeot'y-staggeied at tho difieren 1 pnniubmeuts awarded for tba samo offence*, rind his bb wilderment is rendered all tho more perplexing when li« red ots apiin the'simple and easy nature ot' ibo dutton of the prehiding justices, in arrivi i ; at a cornet omi uniform decidion in Ml oases of the' irnni- no mr,1. Of Oiiurstt, toning repeatedly obarged with, and found,guilty of, tho same offence, aggravates thu erimë, rt nd, us n ne oeasary eonsequenee, increases the punishment. .1 don't think any ghost .need,come'irom tba fjravo to tell our magistrates this. But some ngchoy, whether spiritual or terrestrial, should ' tell them, end that trumpet- tnnKiieti, tbat when a brutal cowardly ruffian, without ibo slightest provocation knooks down an inoffensive woranti.nhnm bo never saw before, and dislocates ber shoulder-n disloca- tion of. so eoinplete. a nature that, otioording to Dr. Lid- dell, the blow must havo been of the most violent description-I Bay that some sgenoy should tenoli tliem that a i'5 fine, for ~suoh un iufamous, dastardly, unprovoked outrage, was a parody, a mockon-, and an ^unexampled insult.to every prinoiplo of justice. 1 auk ¡the colony at large whether, or not, tin y believe that lhere are men'suffering tbreo and five yeari penni servitude foi'-'o inuoh'less offe-noe? or; whother they think that three br five years would be equal to tho dosons of thin hero who signalised himself by the most wanton und cruelly brutal assault upon a weak inoHunMvo woman ? Let any mun pitt his wife, sister, or mother in tha posi. tion ol'this poor woman, and then let bim answer tho* above queBiion.. ' i . < ' ^I raoollfót well/ Bomo. Hmo ago, three sailor?, ho. longing to tho Sp'?aalant, getting two or three yearn for a comparatively trifling assault upon a oon-.tub1« nt Now castle,. Wo also sawlho other: diy a man tined five Enunda for a bit of a skirmish at 'tba Hinton Punt, re- sulting in a trifling b1aok{eyo to one of the bel.iguronts. And, a few days ofter, anblh.nr oindidato lor warlike bnnoars, receives one month'«imprisonment in Maitland Pulaoo; for bein«: drunk and only tearing th« nousi rn off a constable. These are oertainly, in. tiiemeelv. H, very gravo offences, out'.when oompared with .the dinboliunl aS^aull.-reoorded. in tho enolosed report, do they not almost appear virtues f and eti'l, with ono exemption, 'ttíéj''ár,e''panfs'hebT ten times' 'more ' sovoraly. . ..Where I :was.born am) hr^d. to lift a hand to n woman was unt .vereally,considered tbe basoBt act that man in all his 'descents conld'detloerid tb." And suob a oise ari'I have) been commenting,upon would.bavo reoeived such a pun iabment as would have for ever deterred the cowardly arm trom again'peifpêtrating snob an' enormity. .«Mi .-.rdf'ri-.ara^Sir, yours reap olfully, vi" ""M ,. .' ,, -;;..'.;':. . *- 7 DAVIU BUCHANAN. . "HlotOD, 30lh August, 1800., , 