th;e south austbatja.^ institute, The quarterly soiree given by this Institute took place last evening (Wednesday), March 7, at White's Rooms. His Excellency the Governor presided. His Excellency, .on taking the Chair read a statement of the position of the Institute, from which it appeared that from 1856 up to the present date there had been 225 annual subscribers and 1.013 quarterly, making a total of 1.238. The number for the half-year ending in May, 1859, 106, and quarterly sub scribers 366.' The number of annual subscribers ending December 31, 1859, 119 and quarterly subscribers 436\. The number of books circulated during the quarter ending December, 1859,- 8,6tl volumes. The total during the year 32,329, giving an average of 8,0*2 ; volume? a' quarter -for the year. .- The statement :: also 'announced - that 286 voluines had been added to the library up to the 30tli September, 1S59, and also that a large shipment of books was shortly1 expected, and thafc^rranpanents had been made for the receipt of a small parcel of books monthly. His Excellency, aftermsking tbe above statement, congratulated the meeting upon the .promising prospects of the Institute ; and with regard to the new building, stated that hopes were entertained that it would be ready in time, to hold the next1 soiree in those buildings, but lie could not positively promise that they would be ready by that time. ' ' ? . His Excellency's address was received with universal signs of satisfaction-. The entertainment, according to the programme, then commenced by an overture by. the fall band, which was loudly applauded. Mr. Nash followed, by singing 'Goodbye sweetheart, goodbye,' and elicited an encore, which was responded to by Mr. Nash singing ' Rocked in the cradle of the deep.' This was succeeded by a duet on the cornopean, by Messrs. McCullagh and Chap man, executed in a style which we have no hesitation in saying has never been surpassed in this colony. The audience thoroughly appreciated the performance, and un animously demanded an encore. Mrs. Wallace maintained her well-merited repnte as a vocalist, in the following piece, the song of ' Ever of thce,' and was greeted with a loud ^encore, to which she responded with ' Sweet Home,' an air which elicited even louder plaudits than the one that called it fjrth. ' II Trovatore,'' by the full band, closed the first part of the programme. Tbe Rev. C. G. Palmer then de livered a lecture upon ' The latest Ghost Theory.' The commencement of his lecture was devoted to a philosophical exposition of the human mind, its powers and infirmities, and with illustrations from the biographies of many great and learned men of antiquity and modern times, who had not been ashamed to acknowledge the existence of the 'ghostly influence.' Having given these examples, to shew the audience that they could not be considered foolish or silly in listening to his discourse, he entered into an elaborate and detailed account of the experience of .the most noted individuals who had travelled through the re gions of Ghostdom, amusing the -audience with tha many wonderful curiosities recorded by those renowned travellers in exploring that remarkable and fantastic kind. The only defect in the reverend gentleman's lecture, according to our notion, and also in that of the audience, who exhibited their sentiments towards its close, was. that it was too long for the occasion, having occupied an hour and a quarter ' by Shrewsbury clock. ' Tbe second part of the en tertainment opened with 'Pot I'oiirri,' by the. fall bond, most admirably executed. Mr. Nash followed (with 'The good -Rhine Wine,' so capitally sung that it was encored. A duet by Chapman and Linger no doubt would have got an encore had there been a larger space of time between the hour it was sung and the approaching midnight. The same remark will apply to all that followed, except Mrs. Wallace's song, ' Mary of Argyle,' which the audience would insist upon encoring. Before the finale, the Rev. Dean pro posed a vote of thanks to Mr. Palmer for hislecture, which was heartily responded to. Mr. Whitridge then proposed a vote of ttianks- to His Excellency, dwelling .most .warmly upon the great interest His Excellency had always manifested, and the trouble he had put himself to in further ing the interests and encouraging the progress of the Insti tute. His Excellency, in reply; in alluding to certain'creepinjf feelings caused by ghosts, which Mr. Palmer had asserted even the stoutest men. could not resist, said that as the 'witching hour of night ' was fast approaching, a time those formidable phantoms, ghosts, chose for indulging in their peculiar amusement, the best way im which he could acknowledge the compliment would be to advise them all (the audience) to make haste home and so get out of the reach of the ghosts. The Company took His Excellency's remark as he intended it with a hearty laugh. The finale 'God save the Queen.' followed, and ;brought the evening's entertainment to an end. The room was crowded from the commencement to tbe close of the- evening. With regard to the performance we think the instrumental performers never acquitted themselves in better style. '' 