¡Local EüBteBBEgeHace. THE LAND BILL.-An advertisement in another column announces that a public meeting is to be held at (ho School of Arts to-morrow (Friday) evening, for the purpose of taking into consideration the " highly ' objectionable features" of the bill introduced by the Ministry for the " Alienation of Crown Lands." Wc cannot but admire the promptitude with which the committee appointed by the late meeting have acted in this matter. LECTURE.-Last evening, Mr. Coote de- livered a lecture at the School of Arts, on " the elements of colonial prosperity." He was listened to by a most attentive auditory, and handled his important subject in a masterly manuer. We are glad to be able to state that the lecture is to appear in a pamphlet form, as we are sure that it will be perused with interest and instruction by all who wish well to the colony. At this particular conjuncture, Mr.~ Coote's able effort is strikingly appropriate and well timed. s TEA. MEETING. - The anniversary tea meeting in connection with the Baptist Church in this town, will be held this even- ing in the Wharf-street Chapel. We per- ceive that the Rev. J. Voller has arrived to take part in the services connected with the anniversary, and it may be expected that he will be one of those who will speak at the meeting this evening. DKAMATIC READINGS.-The third of these pleasing entertainments took place in the School of Art,? on Tuesday evening last, when a large and respectable audience were present. The President (Mr. Justice Lut- wyche), commenced by reading Coleridge's " Ancient Mariner," which 'has been so often and so truthfully; eulogised as one' of the finest pieces of poetical composition in the language. We need scarcely say that his Honor did full justice to this general favourite, reading it with the pathos and judgment to which it is entitled. Mr. AV. Boyce then gave an extract from one of Dickens' Christmas Carols, a "Ghost Story," in which the apparition of the deceased Marley appears to his partner Scrouge (of tho'firm of Scrouge and Marley.) a covetous and miserly "old gentleman, and passes part of the night of the 25th of December with him, much to.his dread and annoyance. This piece was read admirably, and the frequent manifestations of gra- tified approval made by the audience showed how the . story " took." Mr. Macdonald, (Inspector of National Schools), Ihen read an extract from Byron's "Childe Harold," describing the night before the battle of AVaterloo, and we are sorry that we cannot eulogise the efforts of that gentleman as highly as others. Wo should recommend Mr. Macdonald to enter mare into the spirit of his subject in future attempts, and he will find the result a de- cided improvement. The next piece, which was read by Mr. Compton, closed the even- ing's entertainment, lins last reading con- sisted of another" chaptor from " Pickwick Papers,"-that containing tho celebrated " trial scene," and was so rendered as to bring down roars of laughter from the audi- ence. The rext readings will take place on Tuesday week, and wo would advise all persons who wish to pass au cveniug pleasantly to go and hear for themselves. THE Brisbane correspondent of the Mel- bourne Argus thus sketches some of our local and leading notables :-" Our Speaker, Gilbert Elliott, is the sou of Sir William Elliott, of Stob's Castle, Roxburghshire. Ho served for several years in the Eoyal Artil- lery, carne to New South Wales in the year 1839, was a police magistrate at Parramatta for nino years, subsequently sheriff of New South AA"alcs for four years, and afterwards chief commissioner for the city of Sydney for three years ; and when I say ho does credit to his birth, his military education, and his vast colonial experience in so many different capacitities, 1 only utter the senti- ments of everybody who knows him. It was a fortunate thing for the House of As- sembly here to have such a man to select as Speaker, to which post he was elected unanimously. Mr. Herbert, our Colonial Secretary, is a clover man, very painstaking and careful, and I believe sincerely anxious to leavo the impress of his administration marked strongly in the good of the colony. At the same time, he is but"feeling his way ; and, being but a new chum, has no strong, well-considered views of his own". This, perhaps, is well for the present ; but I am much mistaken if, after two or three years' experience, wo do not find him with great purposes of his own, and resolute enough in carrying them through. There is more of tho caution of genuine sagacity in his pre- sent facility of,chango than of weakness of purpose. He is feeling his way where everything is now, and he is not one of those fools " who rush in where angels fear to tread." As a speaker, Mr. Herbert is very poor. To explain clearly, and show that he has considered a matter fully, is all he over tries to do. Ho wants that emphasis of manner and power of expression essential to a public speakor, nor do I think he'll ever acquire it-his present manner is so natural to him. In easy, conciliatory, gentlemanly, disarming explanation, few men coukj excel hiin. How ho would acquit himself if roughly handled and excited remains to be soon ; up to this, things havo gone very smoothly with him. Mr. Mackenzio, our Colonial Treasurer, is an old chum. He, loo, is the son of a baronet, and has been in these parts over twenty years, no knows the country well ; has more in him than he generally gets credit for ; is of a cautious and saving disposition, and you've only to look at him to say, " That is an economical man." He is no speaker of any kiud at all; he gets up and converses with the House with as much tranquillity as it is possible to imagine. I believe, from all I hear, ho is an honest man, and will do all tho good he can in his department lo servo the country. I oxpect no great scheme from him to raise tho rovenuo of the colony, but I've no doubt ho'll make what wo have go as far as pos- sible. The Attorney General is a very young man for his position. Ho is but a banister of nine years' standing. As a Crown Pro- secutor he does his business very well, and as a statesman has as yet given no causo of complaint. Ho is a man of very quick temper, and easily excited ; he is,, however, so very much liked that people forgive a faull whioh cxperionoo will no doubt mond. Ho is a very fair speaker, quick at approhon sion, and direct and cloar enough in expres- sion. He will stand, however, no nonsense, and lacks that conciliatory tono so nccpssary in a public man who has to deal with so many independent views as a Minister in a House of Assembly. He lins obtained leave to bring in his bill to amend the constitution of tho Supreme Court. Wo aro to havo threo j iidgos -a chief and two others. They talk uf appointing the Chief ovor the head of the present judge. If they do, it is a groat shame, as Mr. Lutwyche is an excellent lawyer, and no mon has taken more pains to be of as inuoh service as possible to this new colony whilo aolejudgo} trad aa tho salary of Chief Justice is only to he £1,500 a year, while depriving Judge Lutwyche of pay, fhey ought at_n.ll events to give him rank." 