ittgg from ypgrfr. FRENCH AXD EN'GLrSH MARRIAGE MAREET Lav Jy woman appears to.be a drug in tbe Parisian i marriage mai bet.. Young lions have been for some ] time shy of taking lionesses to wife; anil according to i thn Saint Public— " A petit on addressed to the Senate is now being signed by the texnale operatives in this city, in which the petitioners pray that all men who attain the age of 40 without marrying may be compelled to pay a tax as unproductive members of society." The female operatives of Paris can hardly be expected to have the leastsdea of political economy; for, if they had any, they would be considerably wiser, not only than , the males of their clas9, bat than the vast majority of Frenchmen; French statesmen inclusive. It is, there- | fore, natnrai that they should request tbe Irgislaturc to j encourage matrimouy by imposing upon celibacy a duty which they, doubtless, would wish to be rendered pro hibitiv-. Tncir proposal to create a demand for wires by an arlific'al stimulant is not more absurd than the mercantile protectionism of their countrymen. How different and how much more enlightened iB the conductor oar own young women, and bow much more happy are its results. English girls, whose fathers are the constant readers of a press which devotes itself to the advocacy of so-.nd commercial doctrines, well know that a demand, whether for goods and chattels, or for hearts and hand', can only be maintained by a satisfac tory supply. They know that if an article is unsaleable because it is inferior, no legislative interference will avail to promote its purchase. Accordingly they devote I all their energies to that self-cnhivation which enables them to offer an attractive commodity. Their days are devoted, partly to etoring their minds with useful know- . ledge, aud acquiring domestic aria and pleasing ac- j complishmentf; partly to bodily exercise, with a view tc the improvement of their figures, and the enrichment of their checks with a healthy roseate bloom. Not only do the young women of England, high and low, excel those of France in the knowledge and prac- j ticeof that species of economy which recalled political, bat also in personal frugality aud thrift. So that their moderator), in attire especially, is known to all men; and the consiquenee is, they ere eagerly enquirer for, andexperience no difficulty whatever in disposing of them selves to the best advantage. Whilst the French sorts are flat, they are buoyant; whereas the foreign descriptions are heavy, natives are brisk and lively; and when, in Paris, blondes and brunettes are alike depressed, in London they are looking up. Thus the catching daughters of England are enabled to provide for them selves off their own hooks, aud are not driven to stoop to the clumsy and humiliating expedient of begging Parliament to procure them unwilling husbands by the imposition of a bachelor- tax. COMIC CHRONOLOGY. A TABLE SHOWJXO THE ANTIQUITl* OF JOKES. B.C. 999—The Sphinx invents t le riddle " Wlien's a door not a door?" Upwards of 10,000 lives are lost through inability to answer it. B.C. 950 —Archimedes asks Solon," "Where was the first nail hit?" Whereto Solon shows his wisdom by replying," On the head " B.C 878—Nero, on the point of setting fire to Some, observes that he intends to " throw * fight upon Iris subjects." B.C. 850—At a snpper-partv given at the house of Areopagus, the first attempts are made to pun on tongue and trifle, B.C. 800—Sophccles, while taking his usual constitu tional, is accosted by a wag who asks him, " Pray what makes more noise than a pig nnder a gate?" So crates spends upwards of ten minutes in reflection, and then renlios ho inocrA i-nftw rniia- ■ * - t—WK— and then replies he doesn't know, unless it be a babby. B.C, 799—The joke of " Who stole the donkey?" is introduced by Hector, on observing that Achilles has come out in a white h lmet. B.C.777—Qtrintns Curtius, preparing to pinnae into the chasm, remarks, that though it looks like a good opening for a young man, he has very little doubt that | he'll be taken in and done for. B.C. 69 J—Xautippe, meeting Socrates at aB evening party, astonishes the sage by enquiring in a whisper, *' Has your mother so 4 her ma-gle?" B.C. 6S1—Julius Cas3ar invents thecelebrated riddle, " What smells most in a doctor's shop ?" To which Scipio Africanus makes reply, '• I nose!" B.C.635—Epaminondas is accosted by a small boy in the Forum, who asks him, " Why a miller wears a white hat ?" Epaminondas being nonplussed is com pelled to give it up; whereat the small bey grins and says," It's 'cos he wants to keep his head warm.'" B.C. 563—At a Civil Service Examination for the government of Athens, Euclid first propounds the pro- . blem," If a herring and a half can be bought for three halfpence, how many can be purchased for eleven pence?" Nineteen candidates are plucked thioughinca pacity to solve it. B.C. 500—The cem-.c observation that" Here we are again" is introduced byCmsar's ghost at the meeting at Phifippi. B C. 456—Romulus, inventor of the riddle, asketh , Remus, "Where was Moses when the candle went oat?" Remus makes reply tha£he was in his skin, and adds that when Moses jumped out he (Romulus) might jump in. " PUNCH V. BUEGOYNE. (In the matter of Line v. Volunteers.) " Nothing like leather," qnoth the carrier in the old story. "Nothinglike Regulars," says Sir John Burgoyne, in his paper in the Cornhill Magazine, apropos of oar Rifle Voluuteers, One of Sir John's principal reasons for his rating any possible force of volnn teers low in com parison with the regular well-set-up, well-stocked, well packed Linesman or Guardsman, is tbe way in which (according to Sir John) the former would suffer under the hardships of campaigning, the fatigue of the march, tbe miseries of the wet bivouac, the short ra tions. and other creature diecom'orts that real soldier ing brings with it. Sir John has in his head a certain j ideal regular soldier, who can march farther—stand more wet and cold —put up more cheerfully with a thin blanket, or occasionally a wet ditch and no blanket at all—digest tougher beefj or go without beef altogether, more cheerfully and with less harm to himself—than tbe Rifle Yoluntee-. But where does Sir John find his ideal Regular ? In what way does the life of the Regular soldier fit j him to brave hardship and stand wear and tear better than the Volunteer. Are we to look fur this soldierly ideal among the ill lodged, puhlic- house-b&nuting;, nursemaid-courting ranks of the Guards? Gallant fellows Mr. Punch knows them to bo (witness Alma, Inkermann, and a thousand other well fought fields); but strong-bodied Jeliows, tough fellows, wind-and-weather-and-hardship -deiyiug fellows, they certainly are not. Or is our ideal' .soldier to he sought rather in the Line ? Mr. Punch's answer to that question may be gathered -from a number of other questions he ventures to put. From what class is the Line recruited ? What are the habits of the average private in the Line? How is the Linesman lodged at home ? how abroad? How is be fed? How is he clad? What is the effect ot his barrack duties—of his night guards—of his ac cessibility to the temptations of the canteen, the bar rack-neighbouring trull-honse, and beer-shop, with its singing and. dancing rooms, its atmosphere of drink and tobacco, and its low excess ? Are these the in fluences likely to harden bodies, any more than to im prove sonis ? Do they particularly fit a man to face heavy work, long marches, a wet back, and an empty belly ? What is the fact, as indicated by the figures collected by the Commission which reported on the sanitary condition of the Army in 1858? Why, this— that, comparing the death-rate of different classes at sges between 20 and 40,17 Linesmen and 20 Guards men die annually to eight agricultural labourers and out door workmen in towns, to nine printers, eight polic 'men, and ten miners. But our Volunteers are not agricultural labourers at ten shillings a week; nor printers, shut up for long hours in the close atmos phere ot the composing-room; nor policemen, liable to long spells of night and day duty without shelter in i all weathers; nor miners, subject to impure air and explosive gases in tbe pit, and to foul skins aud dirty j clothes, and loo often filthy habitations out of it. Oar ■ Volunte. rs are the very thews and sinews of the popu lation—the pick and flower of the middle class, the young farmers and squires .of our rural district)—the tradesmen, and merchants, and gentry, and clerks, of our cities. If the average ■of life among these Volunteers could bt calculated, it would be found to give as a result against the 17 deaths to 1,000 of the Line, and 29 to l.OOOof the Guards—not -the eight deaths of the la bourer and policeman, the nine of the printer, and the ten of toe miner—but something like three or four if not even fewer. Mr. Punch respectfully submits to Sir John Bur goyne, that for all purposes requiring endurance of latigue and exposure, tbe stamina of the Volunteer is likely, cceteris .paribus, to be to that of the regulu soldier of the Line as 17 to four, and to that of the Gu&rdsmanas; 20 to four; in other words, mora than four times as tough end durable. It is quite true, as the Times has pointed out. that if you take any army, winnowed of its weak elements by campaigning, you will get an uncommonly stout residuum capable of resisting almost any amount of wear and tear; but Sir John Burgoyne's comparison is not one between volunteers and veterans, but between Volunteers and Regular \ While these are the elements of comparison, Mr. Punch must still be permitted to tiust in his own corps of Volunteers (in all of them, he shou'd Bay, being effective member of half a dozen and upwards) as far better, instead of worse, fitted to bear any amount of hard work, without breaking down, than an equal force of Regulars—be they Linesmen or be they Guardsmen. A CHRISTMAS PRELUDE. Breathless maid-of-all-work to master of the house fwho has done a good day's work, cud has come home to ei j y bims 1^ —" Please Sir here's the wabs have bin and called for their Christmas-boxes and as you was not at home they says th y'll call again this hevenink aad the beable he ave bin and opes ts ow as ycn'll remember ol im and the pleaceman he ave called and when I told im you was hout he says it didn't siggerfy acos he says as he could look yon hup at beany time and the turncock he ave bin aud please Sir he ave left his most resprckful complimums and would be glad if you'll remember to remember im as usual and please he opes he says as you'ii bear in rair.d as there's an epper sition turncock as you oughu't not to give nothiuk aces this man be do all the work and have been hat it hoff and hon nigli nine and thutty year which he says as its a shame to bi.v the Cfcrismas-boies took out of his mouth leastways that is his pocket and please Sir here's tbe sweep h. v been a waitink dow-i below and I guv biin some cold meat and beer and biled pertators which he nve consumed and he ave left his card and opes as you'll stump up leastways that was what he says but he dint tell me to mention it and p'ease Sir here's some potryas was guv me by adnstmau which he said as ow he were the reg'lar p oper dustman aud he hadn't been gone long when there come another rap a.d please Sir when 1 hunsere it I sees another dustman which e ands me this ere potry and says as ow phase Sir he's the reg'lar dustman t'o; hei'shou'y a himporsturerand never as done nothink for you aod please Sir when he'd gone there come an- ther rap and era's another piece of potty which plea re Sir I'm to say as it's all his own tempojink and that the hotber pair of dustmin wee a couple ot low blaggards and he ave left h e card to show as he's tbe mostest proper one and please Sir here's the newsman he are left his cmpUmams andhis boy ave likenays called and wished periiekler for to see yon and the grocer's cart ave been and axed for snmetbin* seasonable and the batcher boy he wants to ave jist arf a word with you acos he says as how he've alius bin perrickler careful of jo r jiuts and bare alius seen as you're been cot up fair and andeome and han't ad your weight made up with b"nes an! sicblike kiteliin stuff and please Sir here's the fireman .he've b en kep a wai.ia and ave ad some bread aud eh ess and a couple of pots of beer which I'm a makink in some grog eos missus han't no change and she said she knew you meant to give im suthin and the baker he ave left bis best respects and'll peraps look in tomorrer and the doctor's hoy have ca'led aud opes you'll not forgit im and the mi kmau fays as how you alius hcv icraimbrud of im and so he'll take the libaty of axing you agin aud please Sir a oold oouiau as you bought a box o* matches of she ave come and left her complimhms and opes as y< u're quite well and she'll call again tomorrer and please S.r here's the gravedigger Jeastwaysl means the seating heave l.al-:o called to see you w bich I wus to say he wishes you'll epjy a merry Chiistm"—— ("Here master makes an observation which we dare not print, and when he sits down to his dinner finds his appetite has le't him. Mortal.- Such ia life, A STRIKE IN THE TARLOUR. The wife of a distinguished private in one of the Civil Seivice B fie Corns has struck for an incrense of housekeeping money; for'she Bays her husband comes home new with such an enormous appetite after hav'ng been two hours at drill, that it is utterly impot sibie to provide the dinm rs for tbe same allowance that she has hitherto done. Suppers, too, were formerly an unknown thing in her establishment; bat now, regu larly three~tin;es a week, heriord and master complains bi.being so hungry before going tobed, that the tray has. to be brought op purposely for him. His eenscmp tionia thre > rimes greater than it was before he became a volunteer. It is, therefore, under these indisputable feets—to prove which butchers' and bakers' bills can be brought forward In icons too formidable to admit of a sneer, or'mueh less a denial—that an increase of the heme estimates has been peremptorily demanded; and ne believe 'hat matters h»ve reached each an alarm ng height in the establishment in question, that the lady found it necessary to make a special appeal to her re spected mother in-law to indncc her to interfere i < the matter, with a view of arbitrating npon it, and g ttiug it properly settled as it ongbt to be. It was only yesterday, we are informed, that this poor u"fortunate volunteer, whose spoetite is seemingly far b- yond his control, finished a 1< g of mutton almost by himself; end the worst is. with Lbe Bmail Government pittance whieh as an underpaid Government clerk be draws, that this is a degree of voracionsness which he cao ill afford. From the additional exercise that he has lately been taking, his appetite has completely out grown the small size of his means, which at the best of times was always a tight fit; but now shortly it will be quite impossible for'him, without pulling in a great deal, to make both ends meet, if he goes on mnch li nger at the same extravagant rate. What with the drilling he gels abroad, and the drilling he gets when he goes hsme. his present life will soon bs too much for him, th ough the latter it mast be confessed, though carried out with the greatest .severity, has not the slight si effect in diminishing the enormous powers of demoli tion sharpened to an nma.ural degrees by the former CROSSED IN LOVE. The Hellespont, every rime that Leander swam over it to meet his heroine of a Hero. MINISTERS AT A PROVERB. Anybody who cannot play the drawing-room game of a proverb is an nass whom it wero base flittery to call a tnaff. Bat Mr. Punch is destined to be read in all after time, and in the course of three or four hundred years the game may be forgotten. Who, except Mr. Punch, now knows how nine ont of ten of the Games of Gargantna, commemorated by Mr. Punch's prototype, Francis Rabelais, were played. They ere forgotten. And so may the proverb he. Enow, therefore, O friends of the twenty-second century, that the way to play the proverb is thisA player, usnally a clever person with shrewdness and tiie gift of the gab, is se.:t out of the room, out of earshot, then the others select a pro v rb, and the aumuer of players being accommodated to the number of words in tne proverb, each takes a word. The discoverer is called in, and he proposes any one question of any kind to each player, in the reply must come in the word which that player has haien- { trusted to him or her. The discoverer mnst ose his wits, and find out what was the aphorism that hath been thus fragmentarily propounded. Give the leading or key words to the cl. verest players who can wrap them np neiteat, and the Ihtle expletives to your weaker ve-sela and yonng ones. Do yon understand that, O ye subjects of the Emperor of the United States. O ye bigoted Roman Baptists of St. Peter*.', O ye Evangelical worshippers in St, Sep'oia's, O ye cit zens of the Austrian Republic, O ye slaves of the negro King of Scotland ? If so, you will understand the fan Mr. Punch aad the Paimerston Ministers had on last Twelfth Night as ever was. for tbey played the proverb, and this was the manner. The dialogue was taken down in ehort-hand by Toby. Mr. Punch,as incomparably the cleverest of the party, was desired to withdraw. So he went ont and con versed affably with the extremely handaeme damsel who ministered the ministerial refreshments, and being after a time re-invited, found the Government sittiug in a semicircle. " Begin at Atherton and end at John Roste'l, please," said Mr. Sidney Herbert. ** All is serene," said Mr. Punch, glancing round the array, and graceful.y taking his place across a chair, with the back of it in front of him. "Mr. New Solicitor General," began Mr. Punch, "bow do you like tbe duties of yonr office ?" " It is very kind of yon to enqnire, Mr. Punch, I hope I give satisfaction," said the member for Iiu-ham. " Has he said the word ?" demanded Mr. Punch, think ing that his august presence might have flurried the yonng statesmen. "All right,mv boy!"said Paimerston. " Who are yon catling boy ?" retorted Mr. Punch. " Boy yourself, if yon come to that! Campbell, what sort of a Jadge do yon think Keating is going to make ?" " It's a vara deefianlt problem, Mr. Punch," said the Lord Chancellor, " an' 1 canna rightly say taat I'm free to gie ye a response, my man." Mr. Punch looked dubiously ronnd. " My Lord has answered, it yon translate the intole rable jargon called Scotch into Christian English," said Sir Richard Bethel). Christian young Mais Association English, Sir Bichard ?" asked Mr. Punch, slily. "My dear Duke of Somerset, be pleased to favour me, if possible, with a civil cnBvrer to the following question, namely," Why is it a geod thing to be polite to people ?" *' Neither yon, nor the game, nor anybody shall make me admit that it is a good think to be polite, Mr. Punch" snapped the Duke, and the others applauded, at which His Grace looked more savage than ever. Howare your rifleman getting on, Siddy •' (liinifcAliv •• sniii Mr. SiHiipit tforhopt. *• 1ST Capitally," said Mr. Sidney Herbert. "Not a day passes but 1 have a large addition to onr National Guard." "Glidto hearit Now, Mr. Attorney, how do yon think yonr Divorce Court—for really it iB your invention —is working ?" "My dear Mr. Flinch." said Sir Bichard Bethel',"I can say with.perfect conic entionsuess that there is no single aet of mine, from the date at which I took silk to the present moment, tint gives me so much un adulterated satisfaction as that which establisnsd a tri bunal for the redress of conjugal grievances." Mr. Punch addressed Mr. Gladstone. "Ob, ttuu tamer of Homer, when wilt thou take off the income-tax ?" "I co id answer you, my dear Mr. Punch, in three ways," said Mr. Gladstone. " But von shan't, though," said Mr. Punch, "Once for all." " In that care," eaid the Chancellor of the Exchequer, "I must say that an unqualified pledge upon a financial subject is not a thing to ne extracted iroin the custodian of the national purse." " Very neat," said the Premier. ■ "Is it?' said Mr. Punch, " Perhaps then you'll do the gaudy, and tell me whether the Beform Bill is ready ?" " Talk to Johmsyretorted the jaunty Palmerston. " I dare say he's posted up in dom.stic details es be is Foreign Minister, but the matter is quite out of my department." " Confound your impudence, Pam 1" said Punch, " If I believed yon, there would be a jolly row; but I don't. Now, Charley Wood, how far is it from Calcutta to Melbourne?'' " Oh, came, I say! I don't think you've any busi ness 10 be setting a chap sums when we're only playing a game," said air Charles," and what is more, 1 will be blessed if X can tell yon, and thafs all about it." "Answered, or blundered as usual?" asked Mr. Punch. " Blundered, or course!" shouted everybody. " What did you expect?" " Eh!'' said Sir Charles, " haven't I said the word. Bother! No mora I have. Echo answers in the nega tive. Give us another questiou ?" " In which Presidency is Benares, Sir Charles said Mr. Punch, mildly. " Take your time " " Well," said Sir Charles, after a pause," I don't profes < to know a great deal of geography, but I have an impression that Benares is in Bombay." " He's said itat last," cried several voices. " Hm," said Mr. tunch, "1 think I see the proverb. Lord Granville, what's the last canard from Paris ?" "I've heard nothing these holidays," said Lord Granville," except that the French are quite sure Cob den's to have a seat in the Cabinet, alter the conversa tion with the Emperor." *' Now, my dear Sir George Lewis, as I believe I have found out the see e', you most map up your word dis creetly. What, as a caracal scholar, do you con. icier the most noble deed performed by the ancient Romans?" " Their smasbin ; those Jews," sain the Home Secre tary, wiii a promptitude that showed he had not tor given tae Mosaic race for the trouble he had been caused about certain loans, wben Cuaricetlor of the Ex chequer. "That was far and away the best thing the Romans ever did, that demolishing Jerusalem, under Titus, A D. o -, walking into the hooknoses like una o'clock, making 'em eat sow's heau and sausages before going to execuaon, and erecting the Arch ot Titos in remembrance of that most laudaole operation " "Mules" said Nr.Punch, turning up niathumb, after the manner of the spectators of gladiator fights, when a victim was fljoref. "Aud tow, last ana least, my dear y beioved Johnny, do you mean that Palmerston or yourself shall introduce the Beform Bill of 1st) J to the House ot Commons?" "1 have no personal vanity to gratify," said Lo d John Russell," and 1 am free to confers mat, inasmuch as Loru I'almeiston hps the ear ot the House, that is a rear on why he would introduce the measure in a popular way. Bur on the other hand, 1 am the parent ot the Bill, end therefore it may be t nought that 1 ought to brine it in, inasmuch " "That'll do, John," said Mr. Punch,"keep the rest for the introductory speech. I tell you what, my lords and gentleiren, you might have selected a leg, vulgar proverb. Of course 1 know that You cannot make a silk purse out of a sou's ear. Mind that, it you arc thinking of putting political power into he bauds of the ignorant" (.Loud cheering, and enter the pretty youngludy with no end of punch. The party was left imbibing. ONE FOB PAM. Lord Palmers'on said at Bomford that he never could learn shorthand. It was not often necessary to him. At least, we never saw him at the slightest loss to " take doVu" aa Opposition speaker. ALL THE WORLD'S TWELFTH-NIGHT. Wearied with receiving the incessant and over whelming Congratulations of the universe upon his opening the Tuii ty-Eighth of the Immortal Tomes, Mr. Punch commanded that neither visitors nor letters should be brought up to him for the space of one hour. Aud rec ining in his delightful arm chai-, the gift of his gracious Sovereign on his last birthday, Mr. Punch slept. Iiwasilie Eve of at. Twelfthcake. And a dream came unto him. He thought that all the great ones of the world held Twelfth-night And out of a vast helmet, like that which in Horace Walpole's story came down into the courtyard of Mau fr. d of Otramo, they were drawing Twelfth-night characters. By sime mesmeric agency. Punch, though keeping his own majestic distance from the folk engaged iu the reve', was ab.e to read tko painted scrolls which were drawu from the helmet And these were some of the characters drawn by the great ones of the world— The Silent Man of the Tuileries drew Alexander the Great; motto, "The world a mine oyster, which I with sword trill open." The Emperor of Austria drew Bottom; motto, " I pray yon remember to have me set down an Ass." The Emperor of Russia drew * Old Brown" the Liberator; motto, *' The serfs are glad through Lara's wide domain." His Holiness ths Pope drew JE >lus; motto, " Y-u untie the winds, and let them fight against the Churches." His Holiness the Saltan drew Saint Peter; motto, "I am a better Christian than thai." Which lie showed to the preceding drawer. President Bicbasai drew Janus; motto, " Black's not so black, nor white so very white." Lord Palmerston drew Warwick the Kingmaker; mo1 to, "Mighty Pam, that kings and queens o'er throw." The ex-Grand Duke Leopold drew Honest Iago motto. " Eait tyrannvs regain ultimas Count Cavour drew Arnold of Brescia; motto, " Tho i canst not. Cardinal, devise a name so slight, unworthy, and ridiculous as the Pope." Lord John Russell drew Jack the Giant Killer; motte, " Though she be but little, she is fierce." Priuces< Frederick William drew Queen Victoria; motto, " I never saw you look 60 like your mother." The King of Sardinia drew Bernsdotte; motto, " 'Tis better using France than trusting France." Mr. Macready drew Coriolanus; motto, ''A tool,a fori, i met a fool i' that Forest." The Quren of Spain drew Lucretia (Borgia); motto, " Most women have no characters at all." Lord Broughamd:ew Mr. Punch; motto, "Whenyou take her without her answer, you shall take her with out her tongue." But here tte crowd of Mr. YuncEs admirers, eager to go on congratulating him. became so dense and noisy, that a bumble supplication from the police that he would be pleased to remove the obstruction by letting the multitude eater scattered his dream of :he World's Twelfth-night. WHEN FOUND, TO BE MADE A NOTE OF. When you find a policeman. COLLIER'S YAHIOtTS READINGS. Mr. Collier has been appointed legal adviser to tbe Fleet. We uppose it is all right; hut any advice that we have ever heard tendered to a decent, vessel by a collier has always been of a description to make us wish we were a boatswain's mate in the neighbourhood of the counsellor: However, we should be sorry to see ColPer get the sock in consequence of any facetious remark of ours, and we' lose no time in hoping that he is not only up in Black stone, but will prove a black dia mond, If not, the collier will know where to look for whippets, » 