MONDAY, JULY 16 1860. The wretched criminal, Waines, who was convicted of the murder of Mary Hunt, the farmer's wife, of Casterton, dies to-day, and before these lines are read by many, will probably have paid the final penalty of the law. The narrative of his crime and its discovery, his trial and subsequent confessions, is very curious and perplexing. What was the motive for the double murder which Waines undoubtedly committed? Did he deliberately butcher the unfortunate farmer Hunt and his wife to get rid of a debt which he was unable to pay ? That was the horrible villany originally im- puted to him, and which his conviction, although he was tried for the murder of the wife only, seemed substantially to affirm. Or was it true, as he afterwards declared, that he had not previously me- ditated the death of his unhappy neigh- bours? Were they killed in a quarrel that began with angry words and ended in deadly blows? Did Mary Hunt, enraged beyond prudence at WAINES'S refusal to let them live for a fortnight in the hut which they had just sold to him, dart a petulant invective against his wife, to whom she attributed his obstinacy? Was it then that Waines, stung by the op- probrious epithet, and having the axe uplifted in his hand, felled the woman to the ground; and, meeting her hus- band, as, armed with the billet of wood, he ran forward to save or avenge his helpmate, brained him by a second stroke ? Giving the fullest credence to the latest and most solemn asseveration of the malefactor, his crime may appear somewhat less atrocious; and it was natural that before his death he should seek to diminish, in however slight a degree, the infamy attaching to him. Still it was murder he committed, not manslaughter. It is difficult to imagine that by the provocation which he re- ceived from Mary Hunt, more parti- cularly as it came from a woman, he could have been roused to such a pitch of fury as to be deprived for a moment of his senses, and not to know that a blow struck with the weapon he held was likely to prove fatal. Admitting the insufficiency of the provocation to in- duce in the assailant this momentary madness, the law, we apprehend, would presume malice, and the crime would be murder. But that Robert Hunt was murdered is almost beyond dispute. Let us suppose that, without reason for fear or cause of hostility, he had ad- vanced towards Waines in a threatening attitude, bearing " a lump of wood," with which he manifestly intended to strike. Yet, if we are not utterly mistaken in our view of the law, it would have been Waines's duty to have retreated as far as he could before resorting for his defence to the use of his deadly axe. But what were the actual facts, according to the culprit's own showing ? A woman, whom in an access of sudden passion he has smitten with a mortal wound, lies bleeding on the earth. No revulsion of feeling overpowers him, as it must had he been stimulated to the deed by wrath alone, and not by malice or revenge. He makes no attempt to fly, but ad- vances on his new antagonist, and pros- trates him with savage cruelty, as the butcher slays an ox. Robert Hunt was justified in defending his wife from further violence, justified in attempting by force to detain the murderer, who neither fled nor quietly submitted, but stood his ground retaining his weapon. And Robert Hunt was purposely slaugh- tered, and in cool blood. Whether the evidonce which was adduced against Waines was legally sufficient for his condemnation is a question which we shall not venture to decide. That he deserved his fate, is apparent; but whatever he deserved, the law of evidence must be inva- riable, and it is better that half a dozen such villains should be acquitted than that we should send one inno- cent person to the gallows. It will be remembered that Waines was tried for the murder of Mary Hunt, and found guilty, principally on his own testimony. He had acknowledged to a detective policeman, who, with the ob- ject of entrapping the prisoner into a confession, had procured himself to be arrested and placed in the same cell, that he had murdered Hunt and his wife. By what authority the detective was permitted to enter the cell we can- not say. The auricular confession he extorted does not exactly coin- cide with our notions of justice. James the First of England, as Wal- ter Scott tells us, built " a lugg" a recess in the prison walls-where he skulked to overhear the muttered solilo- quies of his victims Steenie and Baby Charles wore so shocked at their gossip's meanness that they caused the lugg to be bricked up for ever. That licence when the son and favourite monarch of Great Britain, in the past days of despotism, thought a shame in him, is granted without stint in our time to a professional spy. We use the term spy in no dishonourable sense,simply as a definition ; but let the spy, who is at best a necessary evil, be kept within bounds. It cannot be worse to listen to what a prisoner says to himself, though, aloud, yet without enticement, than to draw him into saying, confidentially what may not be true. Nethertheless, the acknowledgement thus obtained admissible in evidence, but require corroboration. It was contended by Mr. Ireland, who defended Waines, and who argued the points of law reserved by the presiding judge, that, irrespectively of the intramural confession, the identity of the remains found with those of the body of Mary Hunt ought to have been proved, failing any extraneous tes- timony that she had really been mur dered. Much ingenuity and learning were displayed in the discussion, and many apposite examples were cited. We incline to concur with Mr. Ireland in the view which he took of tho law. The court was divided in tho proportion of two to one against the broad principle for whioh he contended, but, without affirm- ing or disaffirming it, decided that, in corroboration of the prisoner's state ments, other facts had been disclosed which it was proper to submit to the jury as evidence of the identity of the body. These facts must have been the medical testimony that tho bones dis- covered were those of a white woman and the discovery of them in a spot to which the prisoner was observed to go on the morning of his arrest. But it is certain that the identity of the remains with the body of Mary Hunt was established by no positive testimony and if the confessions of the prisoner made after sentence can be trusted, the bones that were found were not those of a woman at all, but of a man, of Robert Hunt himself, the corpse of his wife having been reduced to ashes, and her last bone ground to powder. We are not disposed to place much reliance on the dying depositions of convicts. Even while confessing their guilt, they are anxious to extenuate their crime, or they burn with a morbid desire of show- ing that their accusers have been wrong. The letter written by Waines to his counsel was manifestly inspired, as many such documents have been before, by a lingering hope of life. Believing, as he says, that his doom is irrevocably fixed, he prays for a roprieve, and thinks it may yet be granted. Announcing that he deserves his fate, he carps at the justice of his sentence, reviles the doc- tors, and fancies that the mind of the Government has been poisoned by his enemies. There are some passages in the letter so different from its general tenor, that we can scarcely believe them to have been his own composition. It is quite unnatural for a murderer having but a few days to live, and pre-occupied with his own approaching fate, to concern himself about the possible condemnation of innocent persons on insufficient testi- mony. It is still more strange that he should, unprompted, have appealed for mercy on technical grounds, and in lan- guage very similar to that which a lawyer would have employed. It is possible, however, that he may have recollected, and interwoven in his letter, some sen tences that during the trial he caught from the lips of his advocate. Be that as it may, the most reliable of any of his confessions (it is not contained in his letter) is that in which he describes the disinterment of the bodies of his victims. That terrible scene by moonlight could scarcely have been invented, when ti! skeleton of Mary Hunt, with the rot ten flesh and rags dripping from tl¡ bones, was tossed into tho midnight fire when the scattered members of the hus- band were huddled into a sack, ail dropped into the water; and when the sack rose again, as a witness against the murderer. His agony, the filling of the sack hurriedly with earth and stones, and his precipitate flight, are not probable fabrications. But if this scene has been truly described, both the doctors were at fault and the judges were at fault, and the bones were the bones of a male. The prisoner's request in this at least is reasonable, that the remains shoud be brought to Melbourne and examined. If his story proves true, the judges may consider whether " the broad principle" was not the safest principle; and whe- ther, by not adhering to it, they were not led into accepting imperfect and unsatisfactory evidence, upon which an innocent person might have been con demned. Since there is no immediate prospect of the Legislature voting a sum of money for the resumption of immigration, and as the land question is approaching set- tlement, it behoves the Government to consider what steps were beet to be taken to invite population hither, and thus revive that prosperity, tho decline of which was coincident with the cessation of immigration. The mere passing of the Land Bill will not attract people hither, even if that measure prow for the free gift of the Crown land to all comers; nor would such an un- conditional donation be efficacious for the conversion of immigrants into settlers. This has been tried in the Province of Auckland, N.Z., and with what result let the following extract from the Southern Cross of the 28th ult. testify:-"The exodus continued " Forty acres are at a discount. As " instanoo we may mention tho Hom I " which íb leaving for Liverpool, oari " ing back men with their wives « " families who have been among wo» | " a few months. The number of p< " sengers, as supplied to us up to * " presont date, is, 52 socond cabin « " steerage, and 15 in the saloon." _ According to the intelligence rece» from tho mother country by the 1 f mail, emigration was boing actively suined, and no time ought to bo lost I diverting a portion of the stream, »j setting in almost exclusively in tbo reotion of Ameri«a, towards these sn< Canada and the Unitod States always command, from thoir googwp cal position, and from thoir faoilitios access, an advantago over Aust» I as a field of enterprizo for those t [aie weary or worsted in tho battle ot ¿Great Britain; but the soil and oll mate of theso colonies are inoontestably 6uperiortothoseofBritishNorthAmerioa, and if this superiority wore fairly shown, "nd the extent and variety of our resources dearly stated, to the "un "easy olasses" in the mothor_ country, lhere- is evory reason to believe that Australia would soon receive a consider- able share of the industrious and en- ergetic bees'annually swarming from the parent hivo. _ An immonso amount ot injury has been done to this colony, more particu- larly by the false or one-sided reports transmitted to England by persons who, laving been smitten by the gold-fevor, migrated hithor, and, possessing no one qualification which could insure suo coss, have failed miserably, and impute to -the country tho blame of thoir individual indolence, intemperance, improvidenoo, or inoapaoity. As a general rule, it is the idle malcontent who writes " homo" shining letters, vilifying everything and everybody in Victoria^ and warning intending emigrants against following lis example and experiencing the dis- appointment and the indigence which he has encountered. The diligent and thriving man rarely finds time to writs to his friondsin the mother country; and being addicted, moreover, to taking a cominon-senso view of lifo and labour, he knows, hy observation or experience, low muoh each man's worldly success depends upon oharaotor and conduct, temperament and opportunities, andpru dontly deolines to assumo the responsi- bility of offering advice, for whioh ha will be reproached if it should be aotod upon, and if the porscn so advised should not prosper to the extent of his antioi pations. Hence, while the letters of «very libellous malignant find currency and believers in the mother country, and while the most ludicrous perversions of fact arc to be met with in news- paper articles and in books referring to Australia, the bulk of the labouring population of Great Britain-tho mon who see the vista of a lifo of toil closed by the workhouse or the almshouse, and to whom.tho acquisition of any other froo lold but that whioh they ultimately acquire in the village churchyard, is au -utter impossibility-know nothing what «vcr of those oolonies, or of the compe- tence to which they might attain hore by the same effort which secures for them merely a bare subsistence in the British Islands. In all the rural districts of England, it is the in- terest and policy of the employers of labour to prevent the dissemina- tion of authentic and oncourago the diffusion of erroneous information with respect to the Australian colonies; and an advocate of emigration is re- garded as little better than an incendiary, -ince his counsels, if followed, would not only deprive the rural parishes of thî most activo and enterprising of the pea- santry, but would havo the efleot of jaising the wages of thoso who remained. But as Buoh impediments aro not ¿presented to the publication of simi- lar information in the large manufaotur ing towns and seaports, and as the inha- bitants of those places aro actuated by a more enterprising spirit than the popu- lation of the rural distriots, tho rosult las been that wo have had a preponder- ance of the ^trading classes among our immigrants, and that the distribution an i not the production of commodities, ha3 fceen the aim and occupation of too many of the colonists of Victoria. To remedy this misohiovous state of things, and to make tho labouring olasses, the farmers, and the small capitalists of Great Britain bettor acquainted with this colony, its resources, position, pros- pects, and with the manifold advantages which it offers to the industrious and persevering, is confessedly desirable, and it might be accomplished at a moderato cost and by a very simple agency. If two or three gentle- men thoroughly conversant with the subject, and capable of imparting the knowledge they possess in a popular style, wero oommissionod to deliver a series of lectures on this colony and it_ Tcsources, throughout the whole of Groat Britain, exaggerating nothing and ox tenuating nothing, inviting inquirió j furniohing advice, and distributing ia their course a sueoinot description of the soiljolimato, resouroes, and progress -and of the political, religious, educa- tional, munioipal, and sooial Institutions of Victoria, it would not only havo the «ffeot of disabusing the publio mind in Ungland of many prejudices, and enlight- ening and interesting it upon many points concerning whioh it is oither ignorant or ändifforont, but would stimulate uu asBistcd emigration, and be the means of .directing to theso shores muoh of the industry and oapital which would other- wise find their way to America. Four .or five thousand pounds per annum thus «xpendod would be money well laid out, and, if the services of first-class moa were scoured (and only first-olass mon should bo engaged), thoy might, so soon as ^ assisted immigration is ronowed, assist in tho seleotion of persons eligible ?to be sent hither by the aid of the publio money. It will bo seen by our Sydnoy telegram that tho Maori Mug, Potatau, has died of ¡nQuonzi. Waatcfloot this may havo-or whetaor it will liavo any effect-on tho oourso o£ events, it is im- possible to say. A general parado of tho volunteer rifle com- íanles of Molbourno and the Buburba took plaoe «n Saturday afternoon, on tho reservo facing tho Prince's Bridge Barracks. Having gone through various manouvres, the rifles were addrossod by Colonel l'itt, and informod of tho garrison duties now thrown upon thom by tho departure ?of the remainder of tho 40th Regiment for Now I Zealand, A hint was also given that thoro was a joBsibility of more activo aorviea being in storo for them ; and woro such necessitated, tho I «olonol said ho folt confident that thoy .vould respond cheerfully to tho call. It is to bo hoped that as largo a proportion of tho ?»oluntoors as absentod thomselves from the yrrado on Saturday, viz,, some 320, out of about 700, mil not attempt to avoid tho performance oE the duty which, has devolved upon thom, as it vill throw nearly double work upon thoso who aro really anxious to do thoir duty, and who have .not donnod the uniform morely for Bhow and .amusement, with the intention of shunning any if al work they might havo to undortako. Wo need scarcely observe that it is also to bo hoped that no employer will interfere with a volunteer »responding to the cull made upon him, but that all will cheerfully allow thoso in thoir scrvico who ure enrolled in the ranks of tho corn» ta tftlíQ heir share of duty. Tho 40th Regiment will bo relieved from guard-mounting by tho volunteora at 9 o'clock this morning, Captain Sturt, we ¡ believe, taking command tho flrst day. Î Wo understand that the Volunteer Amendment Act, to bo introduced by Mr. M'Oulloch into tho ! Assembly to-morrow, will repeal so muoh of the . present act as provonts the enrolment of mora . than 2,000 volunteers, and that immediato steps 'Rill bo taken to increase tho force to double that number, with the intention of still furthorox- , tending it. Tho present uniform is also, wj ' believe, to undergo sorno alteration, tho materia' j to bo used in future being superfino cloth instea I , of the Sydnoy tweed, which is found to los j its colour to a considerable oxtont from exposure. The facings will also bo changed from greon t > blaok, with worked collars, frogged coats, an I the Austrian knot on the cuffs. Whilst pro s rving all the advantages accruing from a groy uniform, tho proposed alteration will bo an im- provement upon the present appearance of th > volunteer, whon elad in his dull and unreliovod attire. But oven the proposed chango might b3 improved upon, and instead of the black twin ming, scarlet braid on tho collars and cuffs, an 1 pijiing of the same colour on tho body and skirt i of the coatee, would look better. Tho blao'c ?would givo tho uniform a sort of half mourning appearance Wo may also stato, that wo boliovj it is tho intention of the Govcrnineut to pay thj volunteers who aro now called upon to do duty, the sergoants receiving a remuneration of 8s. por tijera, and tho privates 0s. The City Council moots to-day at tho usuil hour. Thoro aro a largo number of paymont j for consideration, amounting in all to £4,821 10s. Gd. The principal items are for intorost oa the overdrawn account, and on the Qabriolli loan. Thoro is an oidor of the day in roferonca to convoying tho thanks ot the council to Oap lain Pasley, on his departure from the colony, for tho courteous attention which, whilo Com- missioner of Public Works, ho always paid to the council. The lemaindor of the business is merely formal. The convict Waines will bo executed at IO o'clook this morning. Sinco tho arrival of tho warrant, the unhappy man has remained in a. much less anxious stato of mind, and ovincos perfect calmness and resignation. Tho Rev. Mr. fcitoddart was with him yesterday ovening. Ile oxprcssed his cntiro forgiveness of all persons who had been concerned in his apprehension and conviotion, and especially of iJotoctivo Brown, who was, he Bays, tha only witness who told tho plain truth against him at the trial. Warnes added that, although Brown's evidence had been his destruction, yoi ho would willingly shako bimby tho hand bofore he died, in conscquenco of his having spoken the truth. Ono of tho witnesses, a woman, ho says, yavo a tissuo of falso evidence. Ile has added nothing to the confession ah cady made public. He was last night occupied for some timo in dic- tating a letter to his wifo, tho fcubstancojof^whiuh wai to persuade her to leave the colony, and re- turn home. At the usual w eckly meeting of the committee cf the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Saturday, Mr. W. Fairfax jin tho chair, tho superintendent i c ported the stato of the Home to bo as follows : Kumbcr of inmates as roported last weok, 250 ; admitted since, 42; discharged, 33; total noiv in 1 lie Home, 259 ; consisting of- Benovolont Asylum c uses, 21 ; children chargeable to tho Govern- ment, 119 ; casos chargoablo to the socioty, 10¿ ; Monebreakert., &o.;, 17. A machino for breaking road metal has boon introduced ¡rito tho colony by Mr. II. Appleton, the American patentee, who has registered his invention hero and in Sydney. A number of gentlemen, cliioily contractors, paid a visit on Saturday to Cairns' timber-yard, La Trobostreet w ebt, whero tho machino was boirig driven by a 10 liorso power engine. It crubhes blucstono at tho i ato of four cubic yards por hour, and can bo set at pleasure to a small or largo gauge. A cylinder, .with different sized meshes,was lying near, which, when required, ia attached to tho apparatus, tho (.maller nportures being nearest tho feeders. Tims all tho dirt and little stones are screened out in the passago of tho materials through the barrel screen, tho main delivery taking place at the end most remote from tho feeding trough. Railway ballast it might not he necessary to screen, nor perhaps road metal, for it has long been a moot-point whether the debris of broken stones is not a bettor "binding" matter for stroets and roads than sand or loam. Leaving this ques- tion to be settled between Government en- gineers and contractors, we may stato that _lr. Appleton'» machino seemed to moot with almost unqualified approval. Tho chief faults toj bo found wore, that tho motal did not, as a rule, break into cubes, but into Ion» n.irrow pieces ; and that a good deal of dust seemed to bo generated in the process of crush- i ing. Tho patentee, however, assured m that hand-breaking creates quito as much, but, hoing performed so much moro Blowly, does not show tho dirt so much. He also stated that his machines had been for somo time in use in the Central Park, near New York, in winch there aro about 20 miles of roads, and that theso "rutted" les and lasted quito as long as those metalled with hand-cracked stone. Tho prico cliargod por yard tlioro is a dollar and a quarter-a somewhat larger sum than Mr. Appleton is likolj to got hera, whero men aro regularly breaking for 3s. Gd. and 4s,. The machine and its mode of working may bo described briefly as follows ¡-Embedded in a strong wooden frame is what is termed a vertical jaw, formed of whito metal, chillod. This is corrugated nt intervals of about 24 inches. Opposito the vertical is the hanging or movable jaw, which works at an angle of about 45 with the other, thus with it forming a kind of hopper, into which aro placed the largo stones for reduction into metal; tho hanging jaw pro- pelled forward 200 times in a minuto by a lever moving on a toggle-joint, worked by a crank and fly-wheel, thus giving tho necessary sharp, hnmmor-liko blows to tho stone. This machino. Icing upon two largo wheels, and having an ai rangement in front to which smaller ones may be attached, can be transported at pleasure, and with very littlo troublo or loss of time. It was suggested that tho metal might bo broken moro bato the cubio form if the corrugations in tho jaws were mado deeper; but this does not s^era io bo Mr. Appleton'» opinion. There wa« moro vibration observable on Saturday than would Lavo been tho case if the machine ha/i boen more "linly fixed, but under any clrcKmstancea, tUo I year and tear must bo considerable If Mr. | Appleton'« invention doea not find favour in 'tlie oyoB of road contractors, it will piobably commend ittelf to quartz- crushers, as tho beat'and quiokest moans of reduc- ing tho stono to the size required beforo it gool iito tho stamp boxes, on tho Chilian mill. A. nmckine requiring a 10-horse engine to work it euii, we wore informed, bo manufactured in tho colony for about £123, In our issue of Saturday appeared some remarks respecting the management of the Star and Garter Hotel, at St. Kilda, and the decision of the bench of magistrates, announced at the Police Court on Friday, to refuse permission to Mr. Cruchley, the manager for Mr. Laing, the official assignee, to conduct the house any longer. The bench at the same time gave particular instruc- tions to the police, in presence of Mr. Cruchley, to prevent a ball that was to be held there that night, and which it was expected would be at- tended by a number of prostitutes, from taking place. Notwithstanding this, Cruchley appears to have determined upon setting the bench at de- fiance, and accordingly, although he received an intimation from the inspector of police shortly after the court rose that he should carry out the instructions of the bench, Mr. Cruchley and his friends, including the ticket-of-leave holder Lionel Levi, and some dozen prosti- tutes, and about the same number of "gentlemen," met together. As Cruohley, in answer to the inspector's message, had sent back to say that he had given up the idea of the ball, the police were not prepared at the proper time for the closing of the house-10 o'clock p.m.-to put a stop to it, but having been informed that it was going on, Mr. Inspector Ryall, accompanied by Sergeant Fenton, went there shortly after 11 o'clock, and, finding the information was correct, told Mr. Cruchley that he must clear the house. They then retired and again returned subsequently, and finding that the orders were not obeyed, brought several policemen and enforced them. Some resistance was attempted, but ineffectually of course, and four individuals were marched off to the watch- house at about 5 o'clock in the morning. At 9 o'clock they were brought before two of the magis- trates, and summarily dealt with. One of them, Patrick Reephy, a carman, who had brought several of the "ladies" from town, was fined 20s., for being drunk and dis- orderly, and the others were mulcted in a similar amount for the same offence, as well as for resisting the police in the execution of their duty. They severally gave the names of James Adams, John Thomas, and Sydney Fellows. The latter, whose real name is R. Bowen, alias Had- low,-under which latter designation he came to the colony in the last trip of the Great Britain-- upon being arrested, was very insulting to the police, and threatened " to bring their conduct under the notice of the House." He described himself as a barrister, not of this court, but of the court of London, and said he was leaving the colony in the Red Jacket to-day, a state- ment which was borne out by his being in possession of a passage- ticket by that vessel. Cruchley and Lionel Levi have been summoned to appear at the St. Kilda Police Court to-morrow morning, the former on a charge of keeping his licensed house open after the proper hour, and for allowing prostitutes to assemble therein-an offence for which he is liable to a £20 penalty ; and Levi on the charge of being illegally in a public-house after 9 o'clock at night, contrary to the ticket-of-leave regulations. Mr. James Webb, of Brighton Park, was on Friday elected a memhor of the Municipal Coun- cil of Brighton, without opposition, in the room of Mr. John Bignell, lately deceased. Mr. Webb was formerly a member of the council, and was again returned at the last annual election ; but, in consequonce of a scrutiny of the votes taking place, he was unseated, to make way for another of the candidates, Mr. Stone. The football match between the Collingwood and University clubs did not come off on Satur- day. The Collingwood team were assembled on the ground at the appointed hour, but their opponents did not keep their agreement. The football match between the Melbourne and Scotch College Clubs, played on Saturday, re- sulted in a drawn game. The Melbourne side had at no period of the game much more than half its proper number, and more than one player was suffering so much from influenza as to be of little practical benefit. Tho Bishop of Melbourno, yesterday afternoon, confirmed about 60 candidates, malo and female, iu St. Potor's church. There was a largo congre- gation present, to whom his lordship preaohod a ¡sermon [appropriate to tho occasion, whioh occu- pied about an hour and a half in its delivery. Copies of accounts and correspondence con- nected with the recent disposal of tho Viotoriau Railway debentures in London havo just been printed, by order of tho Legislative Assembly. The corrospondonco closes with tho follow- ing letter from Mr, M'Culloch, dated Trea- sury, Melbourne, Juno 29, 18C0, to Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, chairman of the representa- tives of the contracting banks, Melbourne : I bog to acknowledge tho receipt of your communication of the 10th instant, forwarding the copy of a letter roceivod from tho chairman of tho representatives in London, dated tho 17th April, and also tho minutos of tho London com mittco to the same dato, in which full particulars aro given of the sales in April Inst of debentures to tho valuo of £2,050,000, which, with those previously sold, viz., £1,750,000, mako the total valuo represented by tho debentures sold to tha present dato £4,400,000. Tho wholo of tho de- bentures transmitted for sale in April last have, thereforo, now been disposed of at a prico which, looking at tho stato of tho money market in England, the rato of intorest, and tho unsottlel state of affairs in Europe, cannot I think be coii sidercd as unsatisfactory. The question has, however, boen discussed in this colony ; nnd it has been considered by some that tho results of tho sales are not so satisfactory as it was antici- pated thoy would bo. On this account, I cannot but i egret that the committee havo not oxplainod, at groater length than appears in their minutes, the reasons which induced them to bring forward for salo, at a timo whon tho money market wa9 confessedly in an unfavourable stato, tho wholo of tho debentures, instead of availing themselves of tho discretionary power with which, by my letter of the 17th Novomber, 1859, thoy wera invested." Tho letter of April 17, boro re- ferred to by Mr. M'Culloch, Btates as follows : - " You will learn from tho minutos of our pro- ceedings that the committeo brjught forward tho entire amount of debentures in hand on the 11th inst., and that the tondcrs recoivod, £110,800, were below tho minimum fixed by your Government, whilo £1,572,000 only woro at and above tho minimum. Such boing the ututo of matters on tho afternoon of the 11th inst., it became the duty of tho committee to consider what ought noxt to bo done. Having conferred with Mr, Mullens, and having well considered tho presont and prospectivo state of our money market, and the extremo uncertainty which exists in political affairs all over Europe, we determined upon keeping tho loan open until 2 o'clock this day, as per advertisements, to which I beg reference. The list of tenders- to be recoivod this afternoon will bo enclosed in this communication, and will inform you of tho result of this day's proceedings. Tho committee have given a pledge to the members of tho Stock-Ex- change, that whntover may bo the result of the tendera to bo received this day, no fresh issue shall bo mado before October next, under any circumstances." Tho mutiny,, on board the brig Exact, which {vessel arrived in Hobson's Bay on tho 19th ult. from Oporto, with a cargo of wine, will bo inves- tigated this morning at the Williamstown Police 1 Court. Such facts connected with tho caso as havo already transpired are as follow :-On the ¿30th bf May last, the Exact, being about 300 miles west of St. Paul's and Amsterdam, sig- nalled for »ssistunco to tho French ship Bonito I ,(a storeship sailing from Cherbourg to Now I | Caledonia), which was passing at tho timo. Tho Bonito was immediately hove to, and Lieutenant Jonan, her commander, at once boarded tho Exact, and found lier crow ¡tt a stnto of mutiny, Captain Moulin, tho master of the brig, then stated that ho was 80 days out from Oporto, with acrow which consisted (except tho chief officers) of Portuguese. Soon after the ship had got to sea tho crow, instigated as ho beliovod by tho mato, refused to work, and ulti- mately assaulted bim with knhes, ice,, in his cabin. Tho Fienoh captain could spare no men, but eventually consontcd to take on board tho chief officer and two scanlon, who had | proved themselves the most dange- rous, and brought them to Sydnoy, at whioh | port ho stopped boforo proceediog to lus li rial destination. Meanwhile the Exact arrived at Mtlbourno, and four of the crow wcio at once handed over to tho custody of tho polico, on a ehargo of "pirntically and feloniously mutiny- ing." Theso mon wero remanded from time to | timo, till the Bonito should arriva at Sydnoy, which event occurred on June 26th last. As soon | os her arrival was known in Victoria, Mr. Police-inspector Ilaro, of WilHamstovto, promptly | 'telegraphed to Sydney, aud tho tbroo men, in charge of " Lieutenant Jonan, wero forth- with' forwarded to Mclbourno, where they arrhed on Friday last. Their names are John Knssaka, Silvester Do Bonos, and Edward Perce ; and on being brought up to the Williams- town Police Court on Saturday morning last, they were remanded till this morning, whon tho whole seven mutineers will bo brought up. Thus the case stands; and a sort of counter statemont ¡o that of Captain Moulin has bcon modo, to the effect that Captain Moulin has greatly exag- gerated his fears, tho row being merely an at- tempt on tho part of tho crow to doprivo Captain Moulin of some loaded pistols, which he appeared inclined to use. Mr. Pontlaud appeared on Sa- turday last to defend tho prisoners. The Rev. J. C. McMichael, Congregationalist minister, of Geelong, presided over tho íeligious service at the Theatre Royal yesterday after- noon. Tho building in overy part, snvo the gal lory, was completely lillod. After the singing of two hymns, tho rending of a portion of Scripture, and the offoring up of on extemporaneous prayer, Mr. M'JIichael gnvo out as his toxt, John III., 14 and 15:-" And as Moses lifted up the ser- pent in the wilderness, oven so must the Son of Man be lifted up ; that whosoever bolioveth in Elm should not perish, but havo eternal life." The preacher then entered upon a careful analysis of the conversation between tho Saviour and the Phariseo Nicodemus, which formed tho subject of the chapter from which the text was taken, pointing out in turn tho hopes there aro of salva- tion, even for tho most sinful, the pbysioal bene- fits which Christ conferred whilo on earth, the uuivorsahty of the Saviour's mission of morey, and tho absolute nccossity of on abiding faith. The lecturo, it may bo said, v,as eminently scriptural ; and the only regrot, if any can bo expressed, is» that the preacher did not infuse a little moro of the popular elemont into his discourso. The concluding remarks wero very forcible. Mr. M'Miohaol entreated his hearers, whon thoy returned to their homos, not so much to critioize tho manner and style of the prenchor, as to in vordly digest tho thoughts he had laid before them, and dwelt in a fow expressive sentences on tho importance of the inquirer after Christian Iruth following tho oxamplo of Nicodemus, ia Olding procrastination, and seeking at once after the comforts to bo derived from a study after things divino. Before the congregation separated, it was announced that tho Eov. J. L. Pooro would bo the next lecturer, and that the sorvicoi would bo hold for the futuro in the even- ing, instead of tho aftornoon. Tho attondanco at tho theatres was goori on Saturday night, notwithstanding tho woatkoi At tho Theatre Koyal, Mr. C. W. Barry took his benolit, sustaining tho character of tho Ghost, in "Hamlet." A now drama in two acts, entitled *' The Forest-keeper," was suceetsfully produced at tho Prince of Wales'«. The scene is laid in Li Vendóo and Pin is in tho yoara 1798 and 1815. Tho principal characters wero ably sustained by Miss Kate Wardo and Mr. K. Younge, and tho cast was generall; effective. 