RELIGIOUS MEMORANDA. '"l&Cnuiicu; op Eno_a>t>.-The Rev. Percy Smith was lately presented with a handsomo gold watch and a 'parse of sovereigns on the occasion of his leaving'the Jamberoo district, Roman Catholic.-The new church at Mudgee, was opened and blessed by Archbishop Polding, assisted by the clergy of the surrounding districts, on the first Sundav in March.-On Sunday, 18th March, < the church of S. S. Joseph and Xavier, at Gunning, was opened and blessed by the Rev. Messrs. M'Alroy . and Bermingham. The structure is of stone, and in .style plain Gothic, and cost £800. This church has been built wholly by voluntary contributions. The 6ome rev. gentlemen officiated at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church at Binalong on the 28th. This edifice is also to be built of stone and in the Gothic order of architecture. The site of the church is the gift of Mr. Edward Ryan, of Galong, and situate on a picturesque elevation adjacent to tho'township. Wesleyan.-On the evening of 2Sth March, a farewell soirpc was given at Goulburn to the Rev. J. Watsford, superintendent of the circuit, by the members of the Wesleyan congregations. The school- room in which the tea was served was crowded to excess. Later in the evening a public meeting was held, at which the Rev. Mr. Watsford wos presented with an address accompanied with a pun>e containing fifty sovereigns; also, ahandsome tea service intended for Mrs. Watsford. An address was also presented io the rev. gentlemen, from the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society together with a splendid duplex watch. The Rev. J. Wutsford has gained the love and esteem of a large circle during his stay at Goulburn. A public ordination service' was held on the 2nd April ¡ in the York-street church, for the purpose of setting npait to the work of the Cliristinn Ministry the following persons, who had been admitted into full cr nntxion with the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, and were appointed to circuits in Now ? South Wales and Queensland:-Theophilus Benizloy, William Curnovv, James AV. Dowson, William Fiddler, and William J. Mayne ; and also Levi Harrisonj who had arrived from England to proceed ,'to the Fiji mission. The President of the Conference t(the Rev. J. Egglesten) conducted the service in accordance with the usages of the Wesleyan Methodist Chhrch. After reading several passages of Scripture appropriate to the occasion, the prescribed series of questions, touching their call to the work of the Christian Ministry, and their determination to fulfil its obligations, were put to and satisfactorily answered i by the six candidates. A few moments having been set apart to silent intercessory prayer, the President gave in turn to each of the candidates a copy of tho Testament, and the formal charge to receive the Holy Ghost and to be faitful to the trust committed to th-m. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was then ad- ministered to them, as well ns to tho other ministers present. Afterwards the President delivered an 'address to the, sis. ministers;., enforcing first the t incperative necessity of their maintaining personal ' 'piety. After a short appeal to the congregation for their sympathy and prayers on behalf of his minister- ing brethren, the President stated that the mission ?vessel now in Sydney was likely to visit the Fijis shortly after tho arrival ol'the next English mail. The service terminated with the usual devotional exercises. Con-B-G-Tiox--.'-An ordination service was held in "the Pitt-street Church, on Wednesday, 21st Morell, on the occasion of Mr. Jacob J. Halley being set apart te the work of Christian ministry. The in- troductory discourse was delivered by the Rev. E. Griffith ; after which, the Rev. W. Cuthbertson asked Mr. Holley several questions touching his call to the ministry. Mr. Halley answered very satisfac- torily. Then followed the ordination prayer by Mr. Cuthbertson, and the imposition of hands by the ministerial biethren present. The charge to the young minister waB then delivered by the Rev. S. C. Kent, -a serious and solemn address, consisting of religious cautiens and advice suitable to bo attended to in his ' new position. Singing' and prayer terminated the ' 1 service.-On Sunday, 1st April, the Rev. J. J. Halley preached the anniversary sermon before the ' ' members of the Congregational Church, Newcastle. PniMiTiVi! MisruomsM.-A tea meeting, followed "by a public meeting, to bid farewell to "the Rev. J. ' .Sharpe, prior to his departure for Melbourne, was held on Monday evening, 19th March, in the Kent ' street chapel. During the proceedings of the meeting the rev. gentleman was presented with a splendidly bound three-volume bible and commentary from his friends and admirers; in token of esteem. Subso quently, u purse of sovereigns was subscriber! and -, also presented. Jewish Üiumian Socibiy.-Tho annual general ? ' -leering of the subscribers to this Sosiety was held in "the Syuugoguc Chambers, York-street, on the loth ' "'March. Mr. Montague Levy presided. The financial statement showed that the receipts for the past year have been £397 17s. fld., and the expenditure "291 Os. 3d. ; thus leaving a snrplus of £103 17s. 2d., : :.which, together with a further balance in hand from previous year, made a total of £213 11s. 6d. to the society's credit. Unitarian".-The annual meeting of this denomi- nation was held in Macnuarie- street chapel on 21st March. Mr. Buchan Thomson ocupied the chair. \- The repoits of the committee and treasurer were read and adopted. The general report referred in very encouraging terms to varions matters interesting to the congi egation, among which may be mentioned the Book and Tract Society recently formed, and in efficient action; the Sunday School -also making satisfactory advances ; the chapel library, now free to the congi egation, and showing a large iuercaso of \- issues ; the charitable fund ; the land beionaiug to the congregation in Claienco-strcet, &c;, &c.; Various j-esolutions were then put and passed, aud a new committee elected for the ensuing year, terminated the business of the meeting. ' c London" Mipsioxauv Society.-The annual meeting of the New South Wales auxiliary to this Society -.vas held on the evening of 1,1th March, in the Con- gregational Church, Pitt-street. 'The chair was taken by Mr. John Eaiifax. The Rev. A. Buzacott laid be- fore the meeting a full detailed report of the past year's proceedings ; after wliich, Mr. J. Thompson (the treasurer) read tho financial statement, showing that the contributions, with the balance of last year added, amounted to £329 Us. 7d., and that £140 lös. í)d. had been handed over to the agent hero for trans . mission to the parent Society. 