V A B I E I I E S, : ' t No Mistake about it.— ia order to keep, your own oounsel, get in to a ohanoery suit, aud you- will never get ria of him. . . When yon reoeive s note from your ladye love and kiss it (as, of pourso, yon are exported to do), why is it like the nightmare ? — Because it is the lnk-you- buss. . ; . Why are a country girl's oheeks like French oalioo 7 — Because they are ' warranted to wash and retain their colour.' . , - . Ah Ibish noticb.— At a town meeting in Ireland it was recently voted 'that all persons in the town owning dogs shall bo muzzled.' DoYotr See Anything Gheen?— Why is the grass on whioh the cow foods older than yourself?— Booauso it is past-ur-age. Ah Old Saw Corbected.— The other day. Bill aBked eagerly—' Where does oharity begin ?' ' At home,' replied Tom, in tbo words of the proverb. ' Not a bit of it,' rojoinod Bill ; ' it begins at sea (G).» The Exciseman Caught.— A Glasgow apotheoary, profiting by the new law, has been reaping a fortune by selling medicine on Sundays marvellously like whisky. He labelled it ' cholera mixture,' and num berless were the patients who found themselves in want of a doae. Amongst others, an excise oflioer had a fanoy to partake. The vendor, knowing his man, gave him such a physioking that ho had no desire for ' another glass.' The Rov. Mr. Potors was proaohing, and, having a large gift of continuance, was Bomewhat protraoted in his disoourse. Several of his hearers left in the midst of tho sermon. One young man was on his way to tho door, when Air. Peters points his long finger at him, and said, ' Brethren, that young man/ h os just ae good a right to go out as any ono.' It is needless to say that he was the last deserter. At another time, when llr. Petors was preaoliing, a young manstartod to leavo thehouse, and making some noise as ho went, Mr. Petors paused, and said, ' I will finish my disoourse when that young man gets out.' Tho fellow very ooolly took his seat and said, ' Thoa it will bo some time before you get through.' A man, who don't believe the world is growing belter, says the timo may ootne when the lion and tbe Iamb shall lie down together, but if it doos, the lamb will be inside of -the lion. We never respeot persons who aim simply to amuse us. There is a vast dift'eronoo botween those we oall amusing men and those we denominate o.ntertainiug we laugh with tbe former and refleot with tbo lattori The greatest misfortunes men fail into arise from themselves; and that temper whioh is oalled very often, though with groat injustioe, good nature, is the Bouroe /of a numberless trim of evils. The reason wby a groat man meets with so little sympathy in adversity is, that his friends wero made by his fortunes, his onemio by himself; and rovenge is a much more punctual paymaster thau gratitude. A gentleman in a steamboat asked tho man who oame to oolleot the passage money if there was any danger of being blown up, as the steam made suoh a horrid noise. ' Not the least,' said the sharp oolleo- tor, ' unless you refuse to pay your fare.' - Tho Charivari gives a sketch of a Zouave' taking leavo of his friends of the oamp; he tells them that ho is going home to got married ; to whioh'd ohas=our replies, 'Ah! you are tired of peaoo already, aire you, and going to war onyour own account 7' A vessel recently arrived at New York, the captain of whioh reported having fallen in' with an ' unknown ship, burnt to the water's edge, and closes his report as follows:— 'The only living thing to be seen oh board was a dead eat. in the fore rigging; couldnot ascertain her, name.' A Philadelphia pap9r lays down a number of rules of aotion, in- oasa of one's olothes taking fire, and oon- oludes by reoommouding any lady who should unfor tunately find herself enveloped in tho flames: of her burning garments, to 'keep as oool as possible.' Gentility is neither in birth, wealth, manners or fashion,— but in the mind. A high sense of honor, a determination nevor to take a" mean advantage of another, an adherence to truth, delioaoy, and politeness towards those with whom we have dealings, are its essential characteristics. A minister, engaged in visiting his flook, knooked at a door where his modest tap could not be heard for the noise of.a violent quarrel within. After waiting a little he opened the door and walked in, and some what pompously inquired, 'I should like to know who is the head of this house?'—' Weal, sir,' said the husband, ' if ye sit doon a wee we'll maybe be able to tell ye, for we'ie just tryin' to settlo that point.' Adittle ragged urohint begging iu tho oity the other day, was asked by a lady, who had fiiled his basket, if his parents were living 7 ' Only -dad marm,' said the boy. 'Then you've enough in your basket now to feed the family for same time,' said the lady. ' Oh , no, I bavea't neither,' said the lad, 'for dad and me keeps five boarders ; he does the house-work, and I does tho market'n.' Not to be Found in Boswell ' Is it wrong, Doctor, to believe ia ghosts?' 'No, Sir, no more wrong than believing in you. It may be foolish ; but there being no substsnoe or foundation for the be lief, the folly, Sir, is quito immaterial.'— Mr. Punch's Unpublished Anecdotes of Dr. Johnson. It ia related of the Grand Duke of Tusoany that he oomtnenoed an address to his troops as follows : — ' The duty of a good soldier and a good Christian is to bo In any ouse faithful to his sovereign,' said Leopold; 'and — and'— while his eyes, resting on tho feet of the men before him, instead of iu their faces, suggested tbe only oonolusion of this harangue that he oould hit on — 'and to keep his shoes ulean.' A Severe Test-— After servioe the beadle of the stranger clergyman felt proud of the performance of the appointed duty, and said in a triumphant tone to his friend, ' I think our minister did weeh ay he, gars the etonr flee out o' the oushion.' To which tho other replied, with a oalm fooling of superiority, ' Stour out o1 the oushion 1 bout, our minister sin he oame among us, has daug tho iuside out o' twa bibles.' A Candid Irish Witness.— At a recent inquest held at Court-house, Tuilamore, by tbo oorrouer, J. Dillon, Esq., respecting the death of John Conner, a labourer in tbe employ of Air. Dargan, on the rail road from Tuilamore to Athlone, a son of the deceased, a line intelligent boy, was questioned as follows: 'Have you boon taught your oateohism?' 'Yes,' 'How many Gods are there ?' 'Ouo.' 'Have you heard of hell ?' 'Yes.' ' Who will hs sent to that plaoo of punishment?' 'All protestante.' A Walking Skeleton.— Somo of the waggish assistants of tho late Air. Inhum, of Nowoastlq; ones astonished tho weak miud of a pitman, by giving him a glimpso through a keyhole of a Bkoloton whioh hung in the doctor's study. A few days afterwards, the pitman happened to moot Dr. Thorpe, who was a tall gentleman, of exoeedinvly attenuated form and oada- verous huo, and whom lie aooostod da an old friond. The Dootor, of oourso, oxpressed his iguorauoe of his friend, who thereupon oxolaimed— ' Neaj nei, man ! aw know theo, for aw thou's gotton thy olaes on.' The New Cut. — An old clergyman who had an old tailor as his bcadlo for many yours, returningfrom a walk, in whioh tho minister's man was in the con- staht habit of attending him, thus addressed his fel low-traveller " Thomas, I cannot toll how it is that our oongrogation should bo getting thinner and thinner ; for I am suro I preaoh as well as ovor I did, and must hnvo gained a great deal of experience since I first oamo among you." ''Indeed, sir," roplied Thomas, " old parsons, nogr-a-days, are just like old tailors, I am sure I sew as well as ovor I did, and the cloth is the samo; but it's tho out, eit-— the new cut —that beats mo." 