PROFESSOR ANDERSON. TITE following notice (" puff direct") of the " Wizard ,of the North," will probably create some amusement amongst those who remember the "Wizard's performances in Sydney. We copy from, a. Californian paper, the Marysville Democrat : Any one who has witnessed Professor Ander- son's thaumaturgie feats would naturally expect that the element of wonder'.would be intimately commingled with anything that he .might do apart from his magical display. "When he an- nounced that he was about to play Bob Roy, I, for one, wondered where he was to get a com- pany, and how the various characters, in a drama so full of characters, were to be sustained. I won- dered still.more when I found it announced that thc corps dramatique was to be composed almost solely of his own family; and my wonderment reached its culmination when I ascertained that the Professor himself was to sustain two of the chief parts ; his son two also, and his very talented eldest daughter no less than three. To " double" for the evening, or for one actor to play two parts, is hot uncommon I believe in theatrical companies of limited number, hut then the actor assumes characters which are not required to be on the stage both at the same time. I never heard, for in- stance, of any one playing Hamlet and Hamlet's ghost, asking a question of the ghost as Hamlet one minute and replying to Hamlet as the ghost the next. Yet, something of this sort Mr. Anderson, as it appeared to me, bad to do. On visiting the theatre, I discovered how this magical tovr de theatre can be accomplished. Mr. Ander- son had selected the scenes and arranged them so judiciously as just to give him two seconds' time to change , the chocolate- coloured coat and wig of the Baillie into the Highland garb and flowing locks of Rob Hoy. Miss Anderson waa equally as felicitous in appearing first as the bashful little Mattie, then transferring herself into, tho handsome though petit cavalier, Fran- cis Osbaldistone, and then metamorphosing herself into the Btern resolute Helen, the wife of Bob Boy. Mr. Anderson evinced great abili- ties as an actor of first-class talent. Miss An- derson was charming in all she did and deve- loped extraordinary histrionic aptitude. The Highland Fling was very prettily rendered by Miss E.' Anderson; and tho part of the Dougal creature in all its quaint roughness was very artistically brought out by Mr. Robertson. 