THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 12 minutes . past 4 o'clock, and read the prayer, as usual. j Fifteen members were present viz., the President, and the Hon. Messrs. Coppin, A'Beckett, I Williams, Vaughan, S. Henty, Miller, Highett, W Fraser, Kennedy, Rolfe, Bennett, J. Henty, Cole, Stewart, and Power. BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. The PRESIDENT said that, as the business set down on the notice-paper for Friday last had I dropped for want of a quorum, it would be neces- . nary to restore it to the notice-paper before it 1 could be proceeded with. I Mr. FRASER moved that the business which I had dropped on Friday last be restored to the notice-paper for the following (this) day. The motion was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. BENNETT, the Ho as:) I adjourned at 17 minutes past 4 o'clock until 4 o'clock on Wednesday. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. The SPEAKER took the chair at 10 minutes past 4 o'clock. FETrnpirs. Petitions were presented by Mr. MARTLEY, from the Muncipal Council of Maldon, praying for a reconcilement of the differences between the two Houses on the land question; and by Mr. DUPUY, from the inhabitants of Richmond, setting forth the present distressed state of the colony, which they attributed to the non-payment of some measure for settling the public lands, and expressing an earnest desire that recourse might be had to the Orders in Council, in the event of the present bill not being passed into law. (Laughter and cheers.) MINING PARTNERSHIPS BTXI,, Mr. PYKE presented a message from His Excellency the Governor in relation to the Mining Partnerships Limited Liability Bill, which was ordered to be taken into consideration the following (this) day. THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. Mr. BROOKE said, before proceeding with the ordinary business of the day, it would be a more convenient course if the Chief Secretary would favour the House with an explanation of what had taken place since he left office. (Hear, I hear.) On the former occasion, when explana- tions were given by the hon. members for Ktl- I more and Brighton, the House expected one from the Chief Secretary. That explanation was not given and a week having since elapsed, he thought the House had now a right, before proceeding with the ordinary business, to ask that the Chief Secretary should favour them with some statement. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NICHOLSON.-Sir, the hon. member ' has manifested his anxiety to make a speech j (cheers), as it must be very clear that before we go to the ordinary business a statement would be made. But as the hon. member has made the inquiry, I may make the statement now, be fore we proceed to the ordinary business of the House. (Hear.) Sir, there has been great anxiety manifested in this House, and out of the House, to have some explanation as to why the Ministry resigned office. I think it needs no explanation, the difficulty the Government got into being manifest to every one I need not remind the House that a statement was made by one of my hon. colleagues in this House, and that that statement was retracted in the Council. I wish to make ! a short statement as to how that particular a matter occurred. On the evening when the subject of the Land Bill was before the Council, and when the members had adjourned for refresh- ment, an hon. member of the Council-Mr. Bennett went to my hon. colleague, the President of Lands and Survey, and stated to him that the difficulty in the way was the Constitutional difficulty, saying, "Can you do nothing to get rid of this? The difficulty is not the Land Bill j if no can get over the Constitutional difficulty, your land Bill will be law in a week." If I do not use the exact words that were spoken, I certainly give the substance of them. My lion., colleague came to me to report what was said, and I considered it of so much importance that I at one a stated I should see as many of my colleagues as I could, inasmuch as the object of the Ministry always was the carrying of theLand'BUl. Several of my colleagues at once met. There were present, the hon. the Treasurer, the Postmaster-General, the Attorney-General, and Mr. Fellows. We took it for granted that, if the Hon. Mr. Bennett had made the statement, many of those hon. gentlemen who were acting with him hold the view he had stated to my hon. colleague. It was accordingly agreed that, if this was the case, the retractation should be made that was made by Mr. Fellows. It was also agreed that when the President took his seat Mr. Fellows should take his, but make no retractation until roy hon, friend the President of Lands had satisfied himself, by seeing Mr. Bennett, that a sufficient number of those hon gentlemen who acted with him should act with him, and that the Government would be assured that those large concessions on the Land Bill should be made. My hon. colleague met Mr. Bennett, and after a consultation that hon. gentleman went to the members of the Council, and returned to my hon. colleague, apparently astonished, to say they would make no concessions whatever, and that he was quite wrong in supposing they would. My hon. colleague then went to Mr. Fawkner, and found he also would make no concession. In the mean time the President was about to put the question in the Council, and Mr. Fellows was pressed for time. He thought the arrangements were complete, and had reason to think so, because he saw Mr. Bennett passing in and out, and speaking to gentlemen whom he thought would support his views. Being pressed for time, Mr. Fellows spoke to the hon. the Treasurer, and told him there was no more time to spare. Mr. Fellows told the Treasurer to proceed to Mr. Service, and state to him, unless he had on answer immediately it would be too late, as the President had put the question twice. He assures me that, under the circumstances, he was satisfied the arrangement had been come to, as he thought so from the tenor of one or two short speeches that had just been made and accordingly he made that retractation he did make; and the Government were left in this fix that they had not that promise of concessions which they expected to have. Well, sir, this was an awkward position to be placed in daughter and cheers), and I think the Government acknowledged it by following up with their resigna- tions the only proper course, I think, they could pursue. I regret the circumstance should have occurred, but it occurred through our anxiety to carry the Land Bill as it had been passed by this House. If we made a failure, we acknowledged it by resigning. We may not appear to have taken a straightforward course on this Land Bill. We have been attempting to go norths occasionally we went to the east, occasionally to the west (laughter) ; but our efforts have been to go north all the time. If we have been unsuccessful, we have at least been consistent (loud cries of " No, no") in trying to carry the Land Bill as passed by this House, (Cries of "No, no.") Well, sir, on that point I need give no further explanation ; but I will now read to the House a letter which I have received from His Excellency the Governor. It is dated " Government offices, August 23,1860. " My dear SIR-Having failed, as you must be aware from the discussion of last night, in obtaining a Ministry from any quarter in the Assembly, unless in one case I had chosen to submit to terms which I deemed unconstitutional, I have no alternative but to appeal to you a second time to withdraw the resignation which you tendered on the 6th inst., and which I then conditionally accepted. " I would fain hope that, whatever differences of opinion may have then existed among your colleagues as to the best way of dealing with the amendments proposed by the Legislative Council in the Land Bill, they will, under the circumstances, be prepared to waive them, so as, at any rate, to remain in office until some definite conclusion be arrived at as to that measure, the anomalous position of which, and especially the opposite course to which leading politicians fool themselves pledged in regard to it, constituting, , DB has again become evident, an insurmountable I impediment to the amalgamation of parties, and a consequent formation of any Ministry certain of commanding the requisite Parliamentary may jointly. " I remain, my dear sir, " Yours faithfully, " HENRY BARELY." I Under those circumstances I may state to the ' House that I and a portion of my colleagues have agreed to go on with the business of the country. I (" Oh ;" and "Hear.") I regret to say that two of my late colleagues do not join me in this coupe. The Hon. President of Lands and Survey does not agree with us in one matter that we have not I decided on what ulterior course we shall take I before seeing what concessions the Council ' may make. The Hon. Commissioner of Public ! Works also retires, on his private matters On private grounds I may say I regret that this I should be the case, for I may say those departments over which these gentlemen presided I have never been better administered than by I them (hear) and when I state that, I need not further point out the very able way in which they have maintained their position on the floor of this House. I must express my regret at part- ing with them ; but it is only on public grounds I do so. I have only now to add, that when the orders of the day are called on I will move that'. this House appoint a committee to confer with the committee of the Council on the subject of the Land Bill. (Cheers Mr. LOADER wished to make a few con- ments on the observations of the Chief Secretary -, and, to be in order, he would move that the House do then adjourn. He wished to point out that the hon. the Chief Secretary had altogether omitted to indicate what course of policy no intended to pursue. (2 Hear," from Mr. Nichol- son.) The very reason given by Mr. Service for leaving the Government was the very point at which they were at issue with the Government. (Hear, hear.) The Government had been for the last 10 months trying to carry the Land Bill, which they failed to carry through their own mismanagement, and it was therefore too much to ask that they should now be allowed to go on without stating what their ulterior views were. (Hear, hear.) It was not true the Chief Secretary had a majority in that House, and, therefore, the supposition in the letter of the Governor did not on that occasion bear any weight or force whatever. (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary was most decidedly in a minority in that House. Hear, hear.) Thousands of their for low-colonists were starving for want of the occupation that would be given by a settlement of the land question. Every branch of industry it as getting paralysed, and everything tended to show that until the question was settled the Nicholson Administration, and every other that stood in the way of the people, should be swept to the winds. (Hear.) And he hoped the House would not tolerate the proposal of the Chief Secretary, that he should be allowed to reconstruct his Cabinet, when he refused to tell what his ulterior policy was. (Hear, hear.) The fact was the Chief Secretary never had any policy. He had taken a little bit from one side and a little bit from another-or, as he laid himself, sometimes from the east and sometimes from the west (laughter) ; but it was not for want of a fair wind, but of a captain-that his Administration went wrong. (Cheers.) He never had a captain at the head of his ship. (Hear, hear.) He would say, let the House be dissolved (cheers) and the country appealed to, to decide whether the 450,000 of the democracy of the country, or some 50,000 of a spurious aristocracy, represented by hon. members on the other side, should govern the country. H 3 believed the people would no longer permit this question to be tampered with. In moving the motion he wished to call attention to the fact that the Chief Secretary, whether from a conscious feeling of incapacity to state his policy, and feeling that he was only a facile tool in the hands of his colleagues (hear, hear), or from having no policy to state (hear, hear), or from whatever other cause, had resumed his seat without telling the House what his views were (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER put the question, that the House do then adjourn. Mr. DUFFY.-Sir, I feel somewhat surprised (" Hear, hear," and daughters am not surprised at the interruption of the hon. member for Mandurang, (Hear, hear.) Sir, I was about to state that I feel somewhat surprised, under the circumstances in which this House finds itself, and that the Government finds itself, that we have not been favoured with any explanations of the policy of the Chief Secretary. What is the state of the case - On the last evening, when the hon. members for Kilmore and Brighton offered explanations to this House, both of those hon. gentleman told us that on the previous day the House met they had refrained from making explanations because the Chief Secretary had requested them to abstain from doing so, in order that he might accompany their statements with one from himself on a future occasion. They made their statements, and that future occasion he. come, but he has made none. (Hear,hear.) What did we want to hear? Not some narrative of what occurred between the Chief Secretary and his colleagues, but the policy which he means to pursue in carrying this bill to success, (near.) The Chief Secretary would have done himself service if he had frankly told us what that policy was. All the long delay that has occurred has in a large degree arisen from the fact that the Chief Secretary always postponed his explanations to the last moment, and then only yielded under pressure. (Hear ) Three weeks ago he resigned his Government because he could not deal with the Land Bill. I want to know in what better position he is to deal with it now? (Hear, hear.) Is it because he has lost two of his colleagues-or is his moral force greater now than then ? These are the questions that we, who are not expected to come here day after day to suit his convenience, but to transact the business of the country, are entitled to ask and to have answered. (Hear, hear.) I will venture to say, if the Chief Secretary thinks he is now in a better position to carry the bill that there are not in the House any five gentlemen in a worse position to carry it than he and his four colleagues. (Cheers.) And why? Because he has lost all moral weight; because nobody believes in his intentions ; because one half or his Government was always pulling the one way and the other half the opposite and because one day he made a statement of his intentions and the next forgot or revoked it. (Cheers.) If the Ministry are unanimous now, what are they unanimous for Are they unanimous in passing the bill by having recourse to that measure , which has been agreed to be indispensable to any $nni!er,o£ showing >t? (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary seems to think there are great difficulties in carrying this bill. For my part I do not see any difficulty. No doubt there are gentlemen in this country who have a great interest in stopping the carriage of any popular land bill. The question, then is, shall the private interest of those gentlemen or the interest of the whole community prevail ? (Hear ) It is a tradition that, in the early history of the colony, one gentleman belonging to that interest exclaimed, on an unpopular measure, "Are we to tax ourselves ?" (Hear, hear.) That was just the sentiment they had to meet now-whether those who had grasped at the public lands shall have power to shut out the whole people. (Hear.) I say, then we have a right to hear from the Chief Secretary unequivocally what his policy is-and I for my part shall give him no assistance until I do hear it (Ministerial ironical cheers.) Hon. members opposite cheer at that, but I may say, parenthetically that without my assistance, and the assistance of my friends around me, he, would have been out of place months ago (cheers) ; but I say I shall give him no assistance until he tells us unequivocally that what he himself and his law officers approved of will still be had recourse to. (Hear, hear.) If the Chief Secretary had never said anything about that measure then I could understand that it would be extremely proper policy for him to keep it in the background. But . M n?t,m.tnn' position. He has told us that it would be impossible to have recourse to those Orders in Council. I wish the Chief Secretary had thought of that before he allowed Mr Service to tell us, in such strong language! that recourse would be had to them I wish he had thought of it before he allowed his law officers to defend the course or, after 24 hours, come down to the House and defend the course himself. (Cheers ) I have not altered my opinion on this question if wn'tB5P¿° u0n- opposite haT altered theirs. What difficulty is there now in having recourse to these Orders in Council? What are, these Orders in Conned ? There is an existing law in full force, the beneficial use of which it is proposed to give to the people, in case that course should become necessary That is simply the whole matter. (Hear, w!) Now, sir, we have been asked over and over "Sam.. are you going to revive the Orders in Council and it has been assorted, ad nauseam, that the Orders in Council are as much in force as the Constitution Act, and that that is the instrument by which to give some little portion of their own domain to the people of this country. (Hear, hear.) Then, again, we have been asked whether, by a resolution of this House, we will I venture to pronounce that that shall be digest J which we know the other House will not concur in? To this, I answer, very frankly and very plainly, that that is the course of policy which the House of Commons is pursuing whenever it becomes necessary. I assert that it is this House-the people's House-that deter- mines the policy of the Executive of the day on all great public questions. In what did we differ from the Council? Not that the hon. member and his colleagues on their own motion should put this obsolete law in force. Our proposition was, that certain resolutions should be brought down to this House, and, having the concurrence of one branch of the Legislature, the Executive would be in a position to do that which the other branch of the Legislature denied they ought to do. Then we have been asked-" Is not the other branch, of the Legislature a co-ordinate authority ?" And no one seems to answer the question. I will answer it. For the purpose of determining the public policy of the Government, it is not a co-ordinate authority -it is distinctly subordinate. If any one doubts that - if any member of the other House were here to debate that question I would ask if, with regard to the attitude of Government on questions of public policy, the two branches of the Legislature are to have equal authority, how is it that we have eight Ministers of the Crown in this, and not one solitary Minister in the other House and how is it that a vote of this House may displace a Government, while the other House may vote till it is black in the face daughter without attaining such a result ? (Hear, hear.) For their poses of legislation, I have no jealousy whatever of the other House. I hold it is necessary to the protection of the interests of the State that there should be two Houses ; indeed, I should wish to see the other House stronger and more influential than it is but while saying this I hold that, in deciding questions of policy, in deciding whether a particular existing law shall be enforced in a particular way, the House of Commons, holds a very much higher authority than the House or Lords; and that is the Constitution under which we live. (Hear, hear.) Now, it will be said indeed, it has been said already, and said most falsely-that those gentlemen who take this view are moved by most unworthy feelings towards the other House. On that score, I distinctly say that I think, in taking the course we advocate, in enforcing these Orders in Council, we simply follow in the track that English liberty has always travelled. What is the fact? If you want to describe in one sentence the progress of liberty in England from the time of the Tudors to the present day, the sentence is-The House of Commons, when need be, has forced its will upon the Sovereign and on the other branch of the Legislature. (Cheers from the Corner.) Where ever there has been a concession of the rights of the people wherever Executive tyranny nas been put an end to-wherever some great public interest has been established has been done by the representatives of the people absolutely arid ruggedly standing on their conviction, and defeating the other branch of the Legislature. The history is uniform from the days of the Tudors to the days of free trade. On each of those occasions, a great desire has been shown by the other branch of the Legislature to block the way; they have had a private and personal interest in blocking the way ; but the representatives of the people, with the people at their backs, have stood firm, and have ultimately carried their object. Now, I want to know of any hon, member who is of opinion that it is desirable to have a land bill, but, in default of a land bill, that we ought not to have recourse to the Orders in Council, to point out one solitary case in which a monopoly has given way, except under pressure in which those who had exclusive advantages have yielded them up, except when they could not help yielding them up. It is in vain to address begging petitions on this subject, or to go about intriguing among members of the other House. (Laughter, and " hear, hear.") That is not the way in which popular battles are won. That is not the way in which the liberty of the people is ever, or was v er, established. The way is to make fair and seasonable demands in the noonday, and to stand firmly by them. (Hear, hear.) There is another point, which I cannot sit down without referring to. The Chief Secretary, in reading the letter from the Governor, if I heard aright, read a sentence to the effect that my friend, the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs, in asking for the power to dissolve Parliament, was asking for an unconstitutional power. Now, I should hold it highly improper if a correspondence between the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs and the Governor should be brought forward as a subject of controversy in this House : but when the head of the Government is invited to come back to his place on grounds which I do not consider justifiable, and when a document is lead, charging my hon. friend, myself, and those who act with us, with a desire to claim an unconstitutional power, then I hold it our duty to seek to set ourselves right in that respect. And here I take exception to the statement in the correspondence which has been published-the statement in which the Governor expresses his conviction that what we asked for was not only improper Mid unreasonable, but that it was unheard ofia England-that no one on taking office did so oaths condition that there should be a dissolution. I confess I feel myself somewhat embarrassed in dealing with a proposition of that sort, coming as it does from a gentleman whose station, education, and antecedents must necessarily have made him familiar with the history of England, But what are the facts ? Instead of stating them in those terms, I will state them in diametrically opposite terms. Every great question that has been settled in England within the last 60 years, and further back, has been settled by the calling in of a Ministry who for the time being represented only a minority of the House of Commons, who then dissolved, and by so doing obtained a majority, which led to the Legislature submitting to the will of the people upon some great question. (Hear, hear.) Is that a real fact, or is it not? (Hear, hear.) Look at one of the most notable cases, perhaps, in all English history. When the younger Pitt came into office, he not merely represented a minority, but he was met by a factious and ferocious spirit of resistance. Vote of want of confidence after vote of want of confidence was fired at him j every impediment was put in his day the majority was overwhelming in number and overwhelming in ability. Well, he dissolved the House, and went to the country, who sent him an overwhelming majority to carry his policy. (Hear, hear.) Then, again, on the Reform Bill, how did Lord Grey come into power, but-as every gentleman familiar with the period and its history must be aware as the representative of a minority in the House of Commons? Even on a great popular question, he was able; to succeed in obtaining a majority of how many ? One. (A laugh.) He dissolved Parliament, and the people sent him back a triumphant majority of 180, and carried the Reform Bill. Hear, hear.) Take another case case within the memory of most of us, and a case of peculiar interest to myself, for on that resolution I came into Parliament Lord Derby came to power intending to reverse the free-trade policy of his (predecessor, Sir Robert Peel. He came in notoriously as the representative of a minority. No one was more willing to confess it than himself, and he asked the forbearance of hon. gentlemen on the opposite side of the House in transacting business necessary for the public advantage, that then he might dissolve, and take the opinion of the people. In 1852 he dissolved, and the country sent back a large majority against his views, and so fixed permanently free trade in the country. [Cheers.) Again, at a still more recent period, Lord Derby came back to office a second time, and again as the representative of a minority in Parliament. He then allied himself to a question affecting the interests of the people. He took up the reform question. I am speaking now of a period not two years ORO. Lord Derby was beaten on his Reform Bill. He dissolved, and the country sent to the House a majority which, beyond all question, will carry a Reform Bill. [Hear, hear.) Under these circumstances, it is hardly fair that we should be expected to hear, n silence, that we have asked for an unconstitutional course to be taken-the course of dis- solving- seeiugthat who represented a minority in the House. When that has been done in the instances I have named, it has been done Frith great Cid practical permanent results. But u what is meant by the statement of our asking an unconstitutional course a be taken, was that we required a pledge before land, then, I respectfully say, that we had a president before us. The Govarnorgavean identical sledge on an occasion not more important, and I should be sorry to charge him with taking an unconstitutional course. So much of explanation is due to ourselves and our own character. [a a country where the Legislature is elected by the unanimous suffrage of the people, and where the widest franchise exists. I shall not be a party a ask, and I shall not feel myself in any respect entitled to look, for the Government of such a country to be permitted to take a course not in accordance with the Constitution. And apropos is that, it may be said that the Orders in Council are not within the Constitution; but those who assert this know very little of the nature of our Constitution, which is neither narrow nor straightened, but is fan extcCnely flexible character, and can ex- land itself in various ways, at the same time had it aims at the one end of securing the free dom of the people. ("Hear/'andchoers.) I repeat what I said when I commenced, that the Govern heat, in resuming their places, should not leave is in any doubt as to the policy they mean to pursue. When they first came into office their policy was sketched out; it was announced by one of them, and was defended by two learned _ law officers. The Chief Secretary made his statement here, and the same policy was announced in the other House by the organ of the Government there. Are they, or are they not, proceeding with that policy? On that point we are entitled to distort information; and I repeat, on my own behalf, that the answer! ,. to that question will largely influence the course' "that I may take. (Cheers.) : \ Mr WOOD.-The Roman poet says that ?" -Nothing was more intolerable than to hear the Gracchi inveigh against sedition; but I must say "''that it is even more intolerable to hear the hon. "''member for Villiers and Heytesbury talk about r 'j constitutional privileges. (" Hear," and cheers.) us understand by a constitutional course an ap ~ peal, not to physical force, but to the great moral feeling of a country, (Cheers.) I oon i < under a constitutional course to be a course strictly within the law. (Hear, hear.) I we ask the then member if he has any claim to be const '" dered as-an authority on that subject" Yes," i from Mr. Duffy ; " No," from Mr. Carpenter ; . shouts of derision and cheers) either in this country or elsewhere ? How long has he repre. amended constitutional courses (2 In this court 4 try," from Mr. Duffy.) in this country. In A free country," from Mr. Duffy, and laughter.) The hon. member's love of a constitutional course is of comparatively recent growth. (Renewed laughter.) But, sir, have we found among these persons whom the hon. member has associated with himself a strict adherence to a constitutional course? [Hear, hear.) Have we not found. even within the last few days, suggestions thrown out for having recourse to physical force? Hear, hear.) I would ask hon. members who it may have read the papers, which are in everybody's hands, if these gentlemen with whom the hon. member has associated himself have that abhorrence of anything but a constitutional \- course which he attributes to them? (Cheers, Laughter, dissent, and cries of "What's your policy s") I am surprised at hon. members, and particularly the member for Rodney, speaking outside this House in favour of the exercise of physical force in order to carry their views. (Hear, hear.) I am one of those WHJ would not imperil the peace of the country for any consideration. ("Hoar," and dissent.) Ta) ,. people of this country can attain any object \- which their minds are set without threats on this or the other House and I do say that the hon, members who asked the Governor to grant them the power of dissolution wished to hold that power as a threat over the members of this House. (Hear, hear.) We have been told that it is necessary to go to the country in order to obtain the opinion of the country ; but it is alleged that the Council, in their obstructive course, have opposed themselves to the will of the people, as represented by this House, Now, if this House represents the people, where was the necessity to dissolve? Was it because the hon. member and his friends intended to go to the country merely to return? I do not suspect they would have been guilty of such conduct they might have gone to the country, but they would not have come back. (Great laughter.) Therefore, the only reason that I can understand for the hon. members asking for power to appeal to the country is the desire to hold this power as a rod in terrorem over us. But we have a Governor who is better acquainted with constitutional courses than even the member for Villiers and Heytesbury. (Hear, hear.) Constitutional courses have dated not simply from the time of that hon. member's arrival in this country. (Cheers.) And, knowing what the I constitutional course was the Governor at once ; refused the impudent request. (Laughter and < i Cheers. ) The hon. member, not satisfied with teaching us what is the constitutional course, I must also teach us what is the politic course. n (Hear, hear.) It is now said that we, ought to vindicate the ulterior course we ought to pursue. Why did not the hon, member himself indicate the course he was disposed to pursue in the event of his being able to take office ? (" I did," from Mr. Duffy; and cries of They had none.") I ' believe the report I now hold in my hand is A 1st correct report of the debate which took place here \- last week. I find by it the member for Villiers and Heytesbury stated- I " We communicated with Mr. Aspinall, who saw considerable difficulty in the way of the Govern ' ment if it followed the policy of holding out the c ' i' Orders in Council as a threat of what would be I done in the last resort, thus leaving no chance ' . of coming to terms with the Upper House. Mr. 1 Brooke entertained the same opinion. All the other members of the Administration were agreed that the Orders in Council were not t merely to be spoken of as a threat to induce the Upper House to pass this bill, but also to be put in force if necessary. It was very probable that a middle course would have been followed. We would probably have followed this course, that if there were to be any negotiations with the Upper House, it might not be said that they were to be asked to concur in any measure whiles rod was being held over them." , I am quite aware the hon. member would ours t a very different course with regard to himself to that which he would ask the House to pursue. (A laugh.) With all the respect I entertain for the ability of the hon. member, we shall consult ourselves with regard to the course we shall pursue. Hear.) If the hon. member did not think, it advisable to ask the Upper House to concur in any measure while the road was being held river them, no more shall we ask the Upper House to concur in the measure holding the rod over them. Hear, hear.) I now come to the letter of Mr. Aspinall, who was to have been the Attorney ' General of this Administration, and who, if I a n not mistaken, both in this House and out of it, publicly and privately, has expressed his aversion to the Orders in Council. The hon. gentleman states his views very fully in this letter, which has been published in the newspapers. I may here remark that the statement of the member for Ripon and Hampden of the ulterior course which the Government intended to pursue in ' case the Land Bill should not become law, has been characterized as a stupid threat and a blundering monaco. In point of fact, the changes are rung in this fashion': for instance, the hon. and learned member for Castlemaine says : " I have always believed that the Upper House would, had they believed the Nicholson Government sincere, have finally yielded to the wish of the Assembly, expressed in such large and repeated majorities, if they had not been invited to \- do so in a manner so unnecessarily offensive." I presume the hon. member, before asking the hon. and learned member for Castlemaine to become his Attorney-General, satisfied himself as to his sentiments. (A laugh.) But what does the member for Castlemaine go on to say : L " The policy of the proposed Government in relation to theOrdersmCouucil, His affirmed, way different from what I advocated in the Assembly r-an affirmation rather difficult of proof, seem ' that, in consequence of His Excellency's refusal of 11 to dissolve, which was a sine qua non with us all, of the exact policy upon which the Government would have proceeded never came to be con- clusively defined." ' Am I actually to believe this? Did the hon. member ask His Excellency for power to dissolve without having first determined upon his policy ? (Laughter, and " Hear, hear') Office first, and policy afterwards. That is the statement of the hon. member. (Renewed laughter.) : " The exact policy upon which the Government would have proceeded never came to be con- 'k clusively defined ; or rather, I should perhaps " say, never unanimously determined upon, and all conference on the subject was brought to an " abrupt termination. My own view, however, 'is abundantly simple and intelligible. I hold a that all the difficulty between the two Houses ' i was created by the amazing blunder of 1 ' Mr. Service's going to negotiate with an insult in has a mouth, and a threat in his hand. . . . 'And when Mr. Duffy proposed, as the policy of -to-the new Government on the question, to accept y" the proposal of the Upper House to confer on the 'a 'land Bill-" j ' Why, that is our policy. We propose that there I should be a conference between this-and the "Upper House on the Land Bill. The Chief V Secretary has already intimated his intention " that, when the orders of the day are called on, a >,' lia shall move for a committee to confer with the , legislative Council. (Hear, hear.) So far we "i have been fortunate enough to agree with the ' JXOD. member. We intend using it every means ».'"ioinduce" the Legislative Council to concede the "entire measure, and " failing that, to submit a " plan to the Assembly for employing the Orders I J. in Council, and in case the Assembly rejected it, dissolve and appeal to the country." Hear, hear," from Mr. Duffy.) The hon. member " cheers. His cheers are premature. The hon. member for Castlemaine says-" I held a different opinion." (Laughter and cheers.) I ', am quite aware that the member for, Villiers '' and Heytesbury who, by the way, is a member of my own profession, and for that reason perhaps entertains such a contempt for it, was quite ready to go into the highways and byeways 4" "'in and compel some Attorney-General to come into the Ministry. 'He found the hon. and learned member for Castlemaine- who, however, I think, from the star en it was contained in his letter, would not have allowed the member for Villiers and Heytesbury to get up and pledge him to a policy with which E- disagreed. At all events, i whatever may have a 'ho intentions of the member for Villiers us Heytesbury, it is quite ' - clear, from the statements of the member for i Castlemaine, that he intended to keep his intentions in the dark. And so do we. (" And so you have all along," from Mr. L. L Smith and laughter.) Therefore I Bay, upon the showing both of the member for Villiers and Hoyt's bury and his Attorney-General, the member for -,, Castlemaine, it would be impolitic now to state ,< what is the ulterior course we intend to pursue , "ruin case of the Land Bill not becoming law. We t,' f have seen how such a statement was received. It was characterized as a threat, and, as being an constitutional; and it raised an insurmountable ' "obstacle in the other House to the" very con Sjoration of the Land BAIL It has been proved by experience that such a course as that they' adopted the stating of our ulterior intentions, not a course likely to facilitate the carrying of his measure. (2 Hear," laughter, and dissent.) '. '. am aware that there may be in this House hon. members who are really not desirous of carrying ? his Land Bill, who wish to have a grievance hear, hear), and who would be very much did appointed if the Land Bill became law. I ! m not one of those, for although I I have not professed to entertain the extravagant i expectations with regard to the Land Bill which rather members profess to entertain, yet I am desirous this grievance should be removed. Hear, hear.) Is the hon. and learned member of Villiers and Heytesbury opposed to all concessions The hon. member for Kilmore re : abided him a few nights ago, that in a land ; Policy in which he himself agreed there was to do nothing in the shape of deferred payments. A Voice-" Yes.") The hon. member was to be allowed to try if he could carry a system of deferred payments and if he found he could not, do was to drop the attempt, and go on with the bill. (Hear, hear.) And I remember that those deferred payments were to be tried only in a single district. (" Hear," from Mr. O'Shanassy.) Jow, if deferred payments are an immense advantage, the system assented to by the Legisla- ive Council is a great advance on the system proposed by the member for Villiers and Heytesbury. And, therefore, the hon. member, of all persons, ought to be the last to throw out any threats to the Legislative Council. (Hear, hear.) The Ministry propose that a committee be appointed to meet a committee of the Council. That committee will urge on the Council the news of this House, and after they have made their report, and not until then, shall we declare that the policy we propose to adopt will be. All I say now is, that if the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury would and did assent to the bill of the hon. member for Kilmore, he ought to assent to this bill, even in its present shape, as a wonderful advance on the bill which he wished to see become the law of the land. My colleague! wish for greater concessions from the other House, and will use the right means to secure those concessions ; but I allude to the statement of hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury to show how he can alter in a few months. In fact, sir, it is not a difference of time but of place. It is the difference between those benches and those benches. (Laughter.) If the Council sees what the opinion of the country is- that it is adverse to the position they have taken up they will concede, and that without threats and without appeal to the passions of the populace. I believe, from the very fact that those hon, members have a deep interest themselves in the settlement of the question, that they will be ready to receive any reasonable proposals. They have already shown their desire to make concessions; they have already made concessions They have granted the right to very extensive commonage ; they have granted a uniform price; they have granted deferred payments; and, compared with these, the further concessions asked for are comparatively insignificant. With the exception of those clauses which require the purchaser to improve the land, there is really' scarcely any differences of principle. I admit that there are differences-important differences -but not so much of principle as of detail. We have obtained much. We have been told that if hon. members had set to work the right way, we should have had a land law before this. Why did not the hon. member for Villers and Heytesbury try his hand? Why did not he deal with the Council ? Why did he not show Us bow of bill could be passed into law? (Hear, hear.) He had the ball in his own hand, but he seeks for a dissolution before we hear a word of his proposed policy. We wish to hold out a thread neither to this House nor to the other. For my part, I never did consider that in stating our intention of adopting the Order in Council we were holding out a menace. I regret that should have been regarded in that light, and looked on as' a threat either by this House or the other. I only looked on it as what a Ministry would do if the bill did not become law. (" Hear, hear ; " "Oh, oh.") I am quite aware that there are those who differed with us, and where the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury differed with his colleagues. He has no doubts of the legality and constitutional character of the Orders in Council, but, unfortunately, gentlemen in his neighbourhood differed with him, and thought those Orders in Council neither constitutional nor legal. They thought them illegal and unconstitutional, and adopted them because they thought so. (Laughter.) But, sir, if the press and the other House, and the majority of this House,' consider those Orders in Council illegal and un- constitutional, I, for one, should be very sorry to adopt a course so considered. I would rather not have a land bill than go through such a course. I entertain different views to those held by a majority of this House, and by a large portion of the press, but I would not follow out a course so objected to. Nevertheless, we shall presently bring this Land Bill under the consideration of this House. We shall propose that a committee be appointed to meet a committee of the other House and we consider that it would be premature and inexpedient to state what course we shall adopt if this House is not prepared to adopt the course pointed out by the Legislative Council. For my part, I never felt more humiliated than a few weeks ago, when this Ministry received the admiration of the hon. gentlemen opposite. (A laugh, and ironical cheers from the Corner. I for one never sought their praise, and I trust never yet received it. (A voice.-" You never earned it.") I remember Sir Walter Scott, in one of his poems, speaking of the feelings of Douglas, mentioned what he considered was the last indignity that could be put upon him. The lines were " The Douglas had endured that morn The king's cold look, the nobles' scorn And last and worst, his spirit proud Had borne the pity of the crowd." Douglas considered it the last indignity to receive the pity of the crowd, and so do to receive the admiration of the hon. member opposite. (Loud laughter.) t Mr. GRAY said that when the hon. member who had spoken last was undergoing another struggle, when the Ministry with which he was' connected was making a last desperate attempt to retain its place, and which it struggled all one night to retain, he did not then disdain the support of the crowd (hear, hear), but from the bench where he sat asked the House to listen to the cheering of the people outside, (Hear, hear.) That was early in that hon. member's parliamentary career, and the same inconsistency he had exhibited ever since he exhibited now, and on every possible occasion, even to the extent of receiving a salary for his services. He (Mr.. Gray had been utterly astonished when he first heard that statement of the hon. the Attorney General, and believed it to be a mere mistake of some reporter at the Ovens; but it had since been repeated in that House, and passed uncontradicted that he (the Attorney-General) had said he was coming to save the country without salary, and yet he had been receiving it over since he had come back into the House. Hills course on the Land Bill had been the same as his conduct on that occasion, and he had been the presiding genius of the Ministry. It was he who had exercised the better spirits of the Government, and compelled them to leave the Ministry, who had Italianized it by" taking all the courage and the blood out of it. It was he who first put forth the manifesto respecting the Land Bill. It was he who first raised the cry of triumph' and the note of exultation and over since he called to the populace to save his place, it was he who always abused the people in that House. What did he seek now, but for him and his Ministry to be taken on trust ? And what Ministry was it? It was the Ministry of which the House had had such experience lately-that has resigned three times, and gone back three times that had declared in that House that it would carry the Orders in Council into effect, and in the other House had declared that it would not-that had excused itself, and at last refused to support its own bill when asked as to do-and that became demoralized by having all courage, all honesty, and all pluck taken out of it, the hon. theAttoiney-General had referred Yootha remark, that this House was being menaced, and connected his (Mr. Gray's) name with the matter. Where had he seen that he (Mr. Gray) had menaced the House ? If he alluded to anything that passed his (Mr. Gray's) lips on the night before, he referred him to the very words are used. He had said then, and he repeated in that House now-" that he wished that every man an the country had a vote, a rifle, and a farm." (2 Hear, hear," and " Oh, oh.") He wished to see every man and he had it then- with a vote in the affairs of the country. He wished to see every man in the position of an armed citizen. ' What ghosts of guilty terrors were these which were haunting uneasy consciences ? Who were those arms to be used against? Why had that hon. gentleman and his friends done all in their power to put 10,000 rifles into the hands of the people ? Whose possessions were they to defend if not that hon. member's own as well as others I And whether in case of the invasion of a foreign. enemy, or even against domestic food, he (Mr. Gray) would say it was desirable that everyone in the country should have a seat of independence, both moral and physical. If there were a thorough sympathy between the House and the people, there was no harm in saying here, as in America, that a man should have a vote, a rifle, and a farm. Because they were armed, were their supposed to branch into violence? He pointed to the condition of Naples, where the policy was to disarm the people to make a sharp Government, and asked, if that was, to be of i silence the model? He would quote the. answer of Lord Palmerston, who told those, who expressed their fears, that, they learn mitted the crime; who entertained even the thoughts of the revolution they feared; He thought the Ministry were not following the course which would make them respected. After months of differences among themselves, and saying one thing in one House and another in another-after settling their irreconcileable differences, and turning out of the Ministry those who it appeared were its only popular members, he did not think they had taken the right way to produce a strong Government or settle the kind question. From the character of those who remained could easily be gathered the course they intended to pursue; but with regard to those whose intended policy had been asked for. that night, they had not had time enough. They had been three times recalled to office, and the country had experience enough to know what they were to expect from them; but the others were new to the office, and, is a great degree, to the experience of the country, [o thought, however, that the Government ought to say which of their conflicting statements they intended to abide by; with which House did they intend to keep faith The House had a right to ask what concessions the Government proposed to make, or to take, and what they intended to do in the face of an adverse vote; and he for one wished to be informed whether, in any case, the country was to have the benefit of a land bill or not 'at Mr. BRODIE had scarcely heard any reason given why the House should adjourn, nor indeed had he heard anything except homilies on the constitution. Of explanations the House had heard absolutely nothing. The hon. member who spoke last ought, in drawing a comparison between this country and Naples, to have known that there was no comparison between the countries, as in this country there were constitution abodes of remedying the evils which were complained of. What right, then, had the hon. member to speak in the way he had spoken ? He (Mr. BY edie) had not yet heard any good reasons why the Orders in Council should be adopted. The hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury had said they were part of the existing law, and that was reason enough for him but that was no explanation. Les the House, examine the land bills that had been passed. In 1812, a Land Sales Act had been passed, by which no more than 640 acres could be disposed of to one person, and that was the first legislation on the subject. In 1847 another act was passed, which enabled Her Majesty to make certain Orders in Council, which allowed the possessors of squatting runs to retain their leases for certain terms and under certain conditions. He thought those orders ought to be satisfactorily explained to the House, and if,' by force of argument, their present adoption could be proved to be legal, he would be ready to adopt them; but, as it was, he would oppose them, if for no other reason than the conditions which were attached to those leases. The leases so granted were never used for the simple reason that, while the holders would only inhabit a small tract of land, that which they would have to survey would amount to a great deal. Grievances had arisen, and to inquire into thora a committee had been appointed by the New South Wales Legislature, on the motion of Mr. Robert Lowe. The result was that it was discovered that the squatters could not obtain their leases, for the reasons mentioned, while under the act of 1842 every improvement they made on their lands was so much added to the purchase-money they would eventually have to pay. On the representation of this being made to the Home Government, an order in council was framed in June, 1850, and that he (Mr. Brodie) believed was the order in council the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury was prepared to not under. This order gave the Governor power to grant leases of land, with a pre-emptive right over any portion of the run. Did the hon. member propose to act under that order, which gave to every squatter now in possession a pre-emptive right over the land he at present eased ? Was that the policy he proposed to adopt ? They next came to the act passed coeval with the Constitution Act. One of its clauses state that all regulations then in force Should continue so until that Legislature altered them and decided otherwise. He wished to know could any hon. member find any existing regulation by which the Government could take from one Crown lessee a portion of his leased land and give it to another ? What were the matters in dispute between the two Houses? There were but three points of difference limited auction in preference to lot, penal clauses, and the question of two or four subdivisions. In reference to the first of these questions, he thought the speech of the hon. member for Brighton had convinced every one that the effect of limited auction would be to place in the hands of the moneyed classes the power of excluding the people from the lands. As to the penal clauses, there was but one which he wished to see retained, namely, that which compelled a purchaser of land i to cultivate it as to the others, he was very glad the Upper Chamber had struck them out. With regard to the third question, he had always been opposed to deferred payments; but if they were to try that principle at all, he thought they might as well try it on four as on two subdivisions and therefore, he would be prepared to support that amendment. Therefore, it now appeared there were, practically only two points of difference between the two Houses, and than would have been got over but for the conduct of certain members of the Government. (Hear, hear. He would say, let the House decide the points they would have, and he had no doubt the other House would agree to them. He would oppose the adjournment. Mr. DON repudiated the statement that had been so frequently made, that the members of the Corner did not want to have the Land Bill passed. It was not long since he had seen in a paper a statement that a rich squatter, a member of that House, had given £300 or £400 in order that a purchaser should not bid at on auction of land, whereby, if the statement were true, the revenue was de- frauded to an extent of some £7,000, and a great number of farmers driven back into the bad land, while the good land was kept for that individual. Seeing those glaring facts before them, he thought it was adding insult to injury to taunt that' Corner with the statement that they did not desire to settle this question. He had in his own person been a sufferer from the want of a settlement of this question and he was anxious to see it settled for two reasons - first, because it would do good and secondly, because, until it was settled, and the debates and Market meetings were at an end, and capital had liberty to expand, the country would be in a state of turmoil, and the people in want. They had been taunted with a desire to stir up the people to the use of physical force, and they were, told there was no similarity between this country and Naples. (Hear.) What was the fact? There was not a soldier in the country—but a few boys and yet they were, in the midst of all the excitement, sitting in that house as safe as if they were on board a British man-of-war, or in the Tower of London or the Castle of Edinburgh. ("Hear, and laughter.) Why this dread? he would ask. Did any hon. member believe that they were less moral or less peace-loving because they knew how to defend themselves? as a nation any the more inclined to war because she was in a position to defy all invaders The people of England had always used moral force to get rid of a grievance. They had fought the battle in this way, until the weaker had to give way to the stronger. That was the way in which it would have to be done here. The threat which Lord Brougham and Lord John Russell thought fit to use at the time of the passing of the Reform Bill had a moral power, and acted upon the fears of those opposed to them and he maintained that the people of Victoria had a perfect right to follow the same course. He could not sympathize with the Attorney-General in despising the crowd. He recollected the time when 'the hon. and' learned, member was very glad to bathe object of a vote of confidence from that very crowd in the Eastern Market. (" Hear," and "No, no.") He had the honour to second a resolution moved by a Melbourne town councillor at that meeting, which he was not very likely to forget, seeing that it was the first meeting he over addressed in the Eastern Market. He wished the Land Bill were passed, so that he might have no occasion to speak there again. (Ironical " Hear, hear.") Why, he, would ask, were the Ministry afraid of a dissolution? Was it that they feared that one-half their number would be in what they called " the Corner ?" (A laugh.) Were they not afraid that payment of members, protection, to native industry, and a great many other things, would have a far greater amount of support in the next Parliament than in this; and were they not, therefore, desirous of bearing the ills they had than flying to others they knew not of ? (Laughter.) But they not get into office by a sort of political juggler ? Was not their object, during the struggle which brought them to power, not the success of the Land Bill, but the fall of the Ministry of which the member for Kilmore was the head. ("Hear, hear," from Mr. O'Shanassy,) 'The Constitutional Association, of which the Chief Secretary was the head, managed to defeat Mr. O'Shanassy and deceive the people at the same time. The apparent honesty of the Ministry was only a cloak; all within was rottenness and dead men's bones. (A laugh) The man who pretends to lead the people to victory had proved a moral coward. He threatened to bring a certain power to bear on the other branch of the Legislature, and yet he was afraid to put it in force. (Hear, hear.) The Government threatened to coerce the other branch of the Legislature, and yet they had been content to eat a certain hon. member's " humble pie." (A laugh.) They kept their places at the expense of their character, and no doubt they would now make a beautiful job of it. (Laughter.) Some parties blamed the banks for it, but the banks had no more influence upon the Ministry than they had upon him. Whether the banks or the squatters had exercised any of influence in the matter, all he knew was, that the result of the Ministerial crisis was the retention by the old Ministers of their places, which they managed to do very well, because they had not been properly discharged and the result would be that they would set the country at de fiance for the next two years. (Hear, hear.) He considered the Government exhibited a nice specimen of Ministerial wisdom, during their difficulty with the Upper House, in consulting with one of the most violent opponents of the measure, who no doubt took great credit for the manner in which he managed to "do" the Ministry. It was a dodge worthy of his character as a most expert attorney. But this mistake having been made, why did not the Ministry come down and avow the fact, and say that they would put the Orders in Council in force ? That evidently was the course which the member for Ripon was disposed to take. It appeared that he was not disposed to abandon the strong ground which he took up, and that he preferred sacrificing his place to his consistency. The hon. member was proceeding with his observations, when Mr. MARTLEY, who had just entered the House, and was standing on the step inside the bar, said he rose to order, and requested that the member for Rodney, who was retiring, should not be allowed to leave the House. A mob was breaking into the House, and this mob had been addressed by the member for Rodney and the hon. member who had just sat down. Under these circumstances, he would move that the member be requested to appear in his place in the House. (Laughter from the Corner.) Mr. GRAY returned to his seat, and expressed his opinion that the Solicitor- General did not know what he had been saying. Mr. MARTLEY rose, and was greeted with mingled cries of " Chair and " Order." The SPEAKER trusted hon. members would not forget themselves. He did not know what point of order had been raised. Mr. MARTLEY rose to order. He did not mean to state that the member for Rodney had been addressing the mob outside, but that the mob were engaged in forcing their way into this House, and that at a meeting held in the Eastern Market the previous evening advice was given to the persons attending the meeting that they should attend there that night (hear, hear), for the purpose of overawing and intimidating the members of this House. (Dissent from the Corner, and cheers from other parts of the House. The SPEAKER said this was a question the House could not entertain. If a mob sought] to force their way into the House, steps would, of course, be taken to prevent such a proceeding. But with what had taken place outside the House hon. members had nothing to do. Mr. LOADER.-This is a piece of Ministerial bungling. ' Mr. DON said, it seemed the Solicitor-General had succeeded admirably, as he generally tried to do when he (Mr. Don) addressed the House, in interfering with the flow of his remarks. The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member v that he must not indulge in personalities. Mr. DON said he desired to maintain the strictest order, and did not wish to make use of any expression that the forms of parliamentary debates would not allow. But in justice to himself and the people who sent him to Parliament, he must say that the manner in which he had been repeatedly treated by the Solicitor General said very little for that hon. and learned gentleman's notions of consistency and fair deal- ing. He could see no point of order which the Solicitor-General had to bring up. But he was not to be destroyed that way. He was not sent to that House to please any man, or party, or Government, but to secure the passage of a land bill, on principles some of which the present bill contained, and therefore was he content to take a compromise. However much the support he might give to any party had been scorned by the hon, the Solicitor-General (Mr. Martley-" Hear, hear"), it had been courted by others and he would tell that hon. member and his colleagues that had it not been for the support given by that Corner they would not have remained six months in office. They had only been maintained in office because they answered the purposes of himself (Mr. Don) and those with him. (A laugh.) They were known too well to be treated otherwise. (Laughter. Mr. Pyke.-"Hear, hear.") He must say that the hon. member who said "Hear, hear," had been one whom he (Mr. Don) had trusted longer than anyone else, and to whom had he been commonly consistent, his assistance would have been tendered, whether it was wanted or not. Now, all the promises repeatedly made by the Ministry were abandoned and disowned, the only course by which Government supposed they could carry the Land Bill was abandoned without reason, the only popular members of the Ministry had been abandoned, and no one had taken their places, and thus the Ministry had lost every title to respect. If that was not descending to the lowest depths of political degradation, he did not know what was. Was there a particle of shame about them ? He believed not. In the meantime, what was to be done ? A committee was to be formed to make a compromise, after the House had been solemnly promised that there should be no compromise and the House was to be asked to take 1d. in the pound, and leave the 19s. 11d. in the pos session of the squatters. This would always be the case with political jugglers at the head of affairs men who kept their promise to the car, and broke it to the hope, who were always prepared with some miserable piece (of clap-trap, and always calculated to keep their places for two years longer, when another constitutional association would be formed, the country deceived by a false cry, and the real question burked again. If the country stood being mocked and insulted in this way, it would stand anything. The real question was. Was the House elected by universal suffrage to be guided by the will of the people, or by the will of a very small and selfish section of them ? If that was constitutional government, the sooner it was done away with the better. The Government appeared ready to stand anything. They had taught the other House their strength, and the country had to suffer. Had they been in earnest, and come down to the House with resolutions, the other House would have given way without a word, and the Land Bill would have been law in a week. As matters stood now, it would be hard to say when it would become law, and whether it was worthy of ever being made law. Mr. LOADER withdrew his motion. Mr. CALDWELL regretted the tone the debate had assumed on both sides that night. Heals regretted exceedingly that so many mistakes should have been made with regard to a bill which every hon, member of that House had so much interest in obtaining. He regretted that the Upper House seemed , only too willing to accept as a threat what had been said about the Orders in Council, thereby shifting and making a question deeply interesting to the country a mere personal matter. For his own part, he would go down on his knees to the Council and ask them to pass the Land Bill (2 Oh, oh." from both sides of the House), rather than let the country lose the privileges it would acquire by the passing of the measure. Hon. members might cry "Oh," but they were (not fully conversant with the advantages which would accrue to the country bymakingtnoLandBilllaw. There were men from New Zealand and South Australia waiting with the utmost anxiety the fate of the measure. These men had proved themselves valued colonists elsewhere, and would doubtless be ornaments to Victoria had they an opportunity of settling on the land. He repeated; that he was willing to go on his bended knees and ask the Council to pass the bill. (Loud cries of " No, no.") He would submit to almost any personal indignity; to see it the law of the land. Neither the Ministry nor the Upper House were free from blame on the question before him, nor could he help thinking that the opposite side had made some mistakes. (2 No, no," from a few members in the Corner.) That night a great and palpable mistake had been made..- A few individuals he hoped the whole of that side of the House were not to be included in the objectionable category as few individuals, be repeated, had brought a crowd outside to coerce the deliberations of the Legislature. (Cheers, and cries of "Name.") The question was, whether there should be a committee of the two Houses ? (" No, no.") Well, it was ostensibly for adjournment, but really what he had stated. The general feeling was to have the bill passed by the Upper House; and he, for one, was prepared to bring every legitimate influence to bear upon the Council, so as to gain the end in view. He would ask hon. members what was to be gained by delay, and if any modification of the principles of the bill wrong pected? Would a delay of a week or a month be of advantage ? No. The measure muscio, carried, and in the end the Upper House would give way, as the House of Lords gave way on the Reform question and the abolition of the Corn Laws. But as there were hon. members more familiar with these questions than himself, he would not dilate upon them. Was the question to be shelved until nearly the whole of country became (insolvent ? Even then, there was land in quantity in New Brunswick at half-a-crown an acre, and it would not be long before people left Vic- toria to buy that land. If proper arguments were used, he had no doubt about the bill being carried in the Upper House. Before he sat down, he had a word to say about the people and the populace. Who were the people? who the populace? He considered himself one of both, and thought that one and all of the hon. members present were the same. (Hear.) Had the people, go called, any special privileges,?, In England and France there might be some. reason in the cry, but in Victoria there was, done. is seen in the colony all met upon one platform, and were to a certain extent equal ; lop i that House, therefore, show how great their privileges were, and that they know how to use them to ad-. vantage. It was a matter of the deepest regret that the principle had been enunciated that the liberties of the people of the colony required to be defended with the rifle. The carrying out of that principle had degraded Central and South America. Let it be hoped it would not degrade Victoria. (Cheers.) He would ask those gentlemen most conversant with the subject, whether the rifle had ever done any good to the cause of democracy ? Did they wish to have a dictator placed over them? He trusted the hon. member (Mr. Gray) did not mean what he said, but only was of opinion that the rifle was an excellent weapon with which to destroy kangaroos. (A laugh.) Another trial, and another struggle, and the Land Bill was won. He would conclude by hoping that the existing; Ministry might not be sacrificed to popular clamour and outside intimidation, however brought to hear. (Hear.) Mr. HEALES had a few remarks to make, so as to place himself properly before the House. The hon. the Attorney-General had most in- geniously but not too ingenuously-commented upon the letter of the hon. and learned member for Castlemaine, and put upon it a construction which he was satisfied it was never' intended to bear. Now, with reference to his (Mr. Heales's) attempt to form a Ministry, he might state that he had acted in the most unreserved manner towards all the gentlemen with whom he consulted. He had thought over his policy, and, more than that, had committed it to paper, which paper, he read and submitted to each of the gentlemen who were consulted. The five hon. members previously alluded to agreed with that policy as a whole, as well as the hon. members for Geelong and Castlemaine. These was but one difference of opinion,, and that was, whether it was politic or not to enforce the Orders in Council. His Excellency had refused to let them go on with the government of the country by dissolving the House, and they refused to go on unless they were to have that power. What position was the House in the ? Was it any better? Had the Land Bill any better chance of passing then than a fortnight before ? Two members of the Ministry had declined to go out of the government of the country on that very question and he would ask, could any Cabinet be placed in a more contemptible position than that of Mr. Nicholson ? It was alike contemptible to him and to the people of the colony. It had now assumed another aspect, and was in process or being dragged through the mire. Was the Chief Secretary to be asked, to go humbly to the back-door and counting-houses of the hon. gentlemen oom arising the Legislative Council, so as to get a Land Bill passed ? As the representatives of the people they should scorn to do any such thing. It was not their duty to ask concessions. They ought to demand them, on the other parties The exist- ing Ministry were in a worse position relative to the Land Bill than ever (hear and to them the Council could pretty well dictate its own terms. Was greater vacillation than had been already shown to be tolerated ? Was the Chief Secretary to be allowed to do what they, as private members, would not demean themselves by doing The Land Bill was simply shelved, because a bold policy, boldly enunciated, had not been carried out. He would be ashamed of that House if it assisted the Chief Secretary in throwing overboard those gentlemen who enunciated the bold policy he had alluded to. He was not prepared to throw in the face of the hon. the Attorney-General the defiant language which that very gentleman had used on a previous memo able occasion when that hon. member referred to the noise outside that House ; but he could not but express his surprise that the hon. and learned gentleman treated with contempt similar demonstrations now (Mr. Wood. -r' I deny that.") That hon. member, if his (Mr. HeaWs) memory served him, was compelled to retract his expression on the occasion referred to. (Mr Wood.-" That's not true.") The disturbances which were going on were not to be attributed to the gentlemen in the Corner. (Mr. Carpenter. —"Yes, but they are;" and laughter.) The taunt had been given that the people, if really in earnest about the Land Bill, would have petitioned Parliament. Those very taunts he (Mr. Heales) considered had been the direct in- stigation of the disturbance outside. It was certain that, in consequence of these taunts, 6,000 persons assembled on the previous evening in the Eastern Market, with the earnest purpose of not carrying the Land Bill in view. The people had been taunted and now came up to that House to demand as a right what it seemed, they could not obtain in a constitutional manner. The language to which he alluded was worthy those noble lords, but he did not consider the other branch of this Legislature much above that branch (Hear.) He was fully imbued with the opinion that the time had arrived when the people of this country would have a satisfactory settlement of this question. (Hear.) Something like a fair settlement would be wrung from that Parliament before long such a settlement as was embodied in the bill as it last left the Assembly. It was, in his opinion, a foolish policy for any one to stand in the way of this settlement of the question-a settlement which, he believed, would have the effect of appeasing the just wrath of the people. (Hear.) It was now generally admitted by all classes of the community that the want of a settlement of this question, very seriously obstructed business and impeded tho progress of the country. That was the opinion, not merely of the rabble, but of that portion of the community which was entitled to the cognomen "respectable:" and, therefore, they were justified in pressing for a fair settlement of the question, such as was to be found in the bill as it then stood. Under these circumstances, he considered it a great hardship that they were not in a position to ascertain the future intentions of the Government. (Hear, hear.) For his part, he was prepared to support any Government that would support the policy of the present Land Bill ; but he was not prepared to sacrifice more of his time to enable hon. members to keep up agitation for the purposes of a sham. He did not allude to the non. members in the Corner, who had on this question given the most un- flinching attendance and attention. He could not, however, disguise from himself that there were other hon. members who took very little part in the question, either in committee or be fore the House, and who only took an active part in it whenever they had an opportunity of impeding its progress or prolonging the crisis. (Mr. Carpenter.-" Your Attorney-General !'.' Laugh- ter.) He was convinced, if a bold front was held to the Council, and no threat held forth, the other House would make concessions, for the purpose of meeting those made by that Chamber. (Hear.) Mr. EMBLING, from the tone of the debate, ' could almost imagine it was the second reading of the Land Bill that was before the House, For his part, he was prepared to stand by the bill. He thought the hon. member who spoke lost had a not done good service that night, and that his commendation of the Corner would do no good, especially as he gave the cold shoulder to those hon. members with whom he generally voted. He remembered the Attorney-General's speech when he said, " You hear those shouts :" but the hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs made a great mistake when he endeavoured to throw on hon. gentlemen on his side of the House the gathering of the masses outside. There wore a small body of men in that city who brought the people together in the Eastern Market. At all these meetings, the same names and the same men were to be found. (Hear, hear.) If he were correctly informed, an hon. member of that House had that very night left the House to address a meeting in the Eastern Market. (Hear.) The hon. member for Rodney had that night spoken of the use of the rifle in connexion with the farm and the work, as a species of moral force. (Laughter.) His hon. colleague (Mr. Don) had also used the same kind of language in the House that evening ; but he had read in a newspaper that morning a speech made by that hon. gentle man the night before, in which the following observations occurred : " The time was fast approaching when forbear- ance would be a crime, and to be prepared for that time the people should enrol themselves as volunteers,, so that if they could not right themselves in one way they might in another." That was language a little at variance with the simple moral force and moral persuasion which the non. gentleman spoke of that night. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Rodney had spoken of the hon. Attorney-General, and said that if he took office he would not take salary. Mr. Gray had on several occasions twitted the members of the Government with being stipendiaries. If he recollected aright, it was not long since that hon. gentleman had on several occasions endeavoured to carry a measure in that House which would have the effect of making them all stipendiaries, ("Hear," and laughter,) (Mr. Loader.-"What was sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.") (Laughter.) Well, and if the hon. members in the Corner had been enabled to take their seats on the Treasury benches, they would have the sauce the goose was now enjoying. (Laughter.) The debate that night, in his opinion, should have but the one tendency—namely, to show the country and the Upper Chamber that they were prepared to do their duty in carrying the, Land Bill, but carefully eschewing everything like a threat. He thought they ought to show a respectful consideration for the other House ; but, at the same time, he should say he was not prepared to go from count ling-house to counting-house (hear, hear) asking members of that House to assist to carry the bill. (Hear, hear.) If hon, members read the speeches of statesmen at home, they would find that members of the House of Commons,. , while indulging in strong comments on various '-measure's-sucbj for instance, as the Reform Bill, the Church Rates Bill, &c; always evinced the greatest courtesy to the House of Lords. He should confess, to the shame of that Chamber, that there was too often an anxiety to throw such traps and difficulties in the way as would cause the Government to drop to pieces, and allow other hon. gentlemen to walk over to the Treasury benches. Although, on some occasions, he had found fault with the Chief Secretary, he yet believed that hon. gentleman to be a thoroughly honest man. Ironical cheers from, the Corner.) The best proof of that statement was that the Corner disapproved of him. (Cheers and counter cheers.) The Chief Secretary came into that House with a view to carry the bill-to have the honour of settling the question, and be proud of the distinction and so far as he could see. the hon. gentleman had to his (Mr. Embling's) mind indicated he intended to part with the bill. ("Hear," and cries of "No, no.") He was prepared to give support to the gentlemen who held the reins of office, and who, he believed, were prepared to settle the question, and not give way to popular clamour. The Chief Secretary had been 20 years in the colony, he had its interests at heart, and he had never shown any disposition to trade with them. He hoped the House that night would give one general assent to the proposition, that they wanted the bill- that it should be carried by honourable means, and without any threat being used to the other Chamber. (Hear.) Mr. CARPENTER said no hon. member of that House had given more attention to this question than he had done. (Laughter in the Corner.) It seemed all the Corner could do was to laugh. (Hear, hear.) He could only say he did not think any members of the Corner could say they had been so attentive to the bill as he had. (Hear.) He had not absented himself from the debates two nights during the session and he believed if any hon. members referred to the division- lists, they would find he voted on the bill on every question he considered conducive to the welfare of the country. (Hear, hear.) And he had no hesitation in saying that were it not for the opposition of hon. members in the Corner, the country would that day have a land I hill. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members in the ' Corner were invariably getting on their legs, and is speaking the same thing over and over again. (Hear.) Some of those hon. members could di nothing but talk to the people outside. There were some members of that Corner who had not the courage to stand up and speak in that House (hear, hear], but who could address the i mob assembled in the Eastern Market-the same contemptible mob that were at that moment assembled outside that House, for the purpose of intimidating hon. members. ("Hear, "hear;" and an hon. member, " Your constituents.") If his constituents were of the same class as that mob, not one in a hundred of whom knew the real question before the House, he would resign his seat that night (Hear.) The people he represented were very different, and would consider themselves insulted to have their names for one moment mixed up with such a mob. (Hear.) While he had their confidence, he would speak with all sincerity, and he knew the diggers of this country had too much good sense to be influenced by a Hunter, a Don, or a Gray. (Laughter.) He was not the mouthpiece of the Government, and he only wished every other hon. member had always given as independent a vote as he had done. The hon. member for East Bourke Boroughs wished the House to believe that he was doing a great deal for the country. When, however, be found that hon. member joining with those who sympathized with the atrocities committed by the sepoys in India (hear, hear), the "rebel to the back-bone and spinal marrow" (hear, hear), that hon. member should not have his support in seeking office. (Cheers.) He would ask the Corner, and challenged them to say, what was the member of whom he spoke capable of doing, or what did he know of the country outside of Melbourne-an hon. member who only came there when he thought he could knock up a row ? (Hear, hear.) If they all came there honestly, intending to do their best for the interests of those who sent them, they would not be debating that question that night. (Hear, hear.) He wished to know what the Corner had done for the country? What were they capable of doing—they who practically knew nothing of the interior of the country ? (Hear, hear.) No doubt, they looked on themselves as little gods (laughter) when addressing the mobocracy in the Eastern Market ; but they could not do that there, (Hear, hear.) He was present in the Eastern Market on the previous night, and he heard an hon. member say there that which he could not say in that House. He had heard members attempting to organize this mob which came down to intimidate them. that night, and which had already broken the windows of the House. (Hear, hear.) if some of the men who addressed the Eastern Market the previous evening were to be sent away from the country it would only be for their country's good. (Laughter, and cheers.) Such men, it had been asserted in the House, were the working man's friends. He had been a working-man, and he had laboured with working men, and he asserted that such people were not the friends but the enemies of the working-man, (Hear, hear.) He protested against hon. members coming to the House night after night and talking in this strain, and by their general conduct becoming the means of turning a legislative chamber into a bear garden. He maintained that the gentlemen in the Corner had been acting as a great drag to the progress of the country. (Hear, hear.) These gentlemen must not try to intimidate hon. members by bringing mobs to the House. (Hear, hear. ) He had entertained a little respect for one or two members of the Corner until now, but by this proceeding that respect was gone. (A laugh, and Hear, hear.") He hoped the country would agree with him that this kind of proceeding must be put down. (Hear, hear.) He felt the more warmly on this occasion because he objected to the representative of Her Majesty being insulted. The member for Villiers and Heytesbury might laugh, but he (Mr. Carpenter) honoured Her Majesty, and he hoped he might always live to do so. (Cheers.) At the meeting the previous evening, the very persons now surrounding the House, and endeavouring to force their way in—if they did (said the hon. member, baring his wrist) let them come on (cheers) the representative of Her Majesty was spoken of in the most derogatory and contemptuous terms. But no men but cowards cowards of the worst description would assail a man who was not able to he present and defend himself and that man one who, since he had held the position of Governor, had always acted as an upright and honourable gentleman. (Cheers.) But while he spoke of those who were present at the meeting, he should like to know who were behind pulling the strings. (Hear, hear.) He believed he knew the gentleman who had been playing " this little game ;" and he hoped that that gentleman had not only failed to be the Chief Secretary of this country, but had reached the end of his tether. (Hear, hear.) The mob that had now assembled round the House was the extent of that hon. gentleman's influence. For his own part he should be willing to disfran- chase every voter who had assisted in sending to Parliament that hon. member and the hon. members who acted with him. (Laughter, and "Hear, hear.") He presumed His Excellency was right in refusing to grant to these gentlemen the power of dissolution; but he believed it would have been a happy day if such a power had been granted, because the country, having, no doubt, seen the folly of ever sending these gentlemen to Parliament, would decline again to return them to the great council of the country. (Hear, hear.) He felt that the Corner had done, within the last two or three years, greater injury to the country than could be repaired in 20 years to come. (Cheers.) Mr. WOODS presumed that the speech of the member for Mandurang, prompted as that hon. member appeared to be by the Attorney-General, might be taken as an indication of the intentions of the Ministry. There were two VA cancies which required to be filled up, and no doubt the hon. gentleman had his eye upon them. (A laugh.) He trusted the House would not, under any circumstances, suffer the Ministry to go on with the Land Bill any longer and that the 55 members who voted for the third reading of the Land Bill would endeavour to form a Ministry, even if it were only a Ministry pro term. Mr sTEPHEN, who had just entered the House, here rose and said he should be wanting in moral courage if he did not stand up in his place to express his abhorrence of such proceedings as those which were being enacted outside the House at the present time. He had been told by the Sergeant-at-arms and other persons that panes of glass were being smashed all around -large stones were lying in the library, and he considered these facts an eternal disgrace to those hon. members who had caused such an assemblage for the purpose of of intimidating the House. (Hear, hear.) If they thought to intimidate him they had very much mistaken their mark. He had headed a party to take a murderer from it rabble, and he was not to be awed by such an assemblage as that now outside. (Hear, hear.) He thought they had realized the truth of the old adage, "Save me from my friends, and I'll protect myself from my enemies." (Hear, hear.) The member for East Bourke Boroughs' had stated in his place that it was at the instigation of certain hon. members that this rascally mob now attended outside the House, in order to show hon. members the extent of their physical power. (Hear, hear.) He was informed by another hon. member that three mounted police- men had been wounded by these so-called " people" of Victoria. If this was a specimen of the people whom hon. members on his right addressed in the Eastern Market and else where, he would say that they were welcome to such audiences, (Cheers.) The hon, members to whom he, referred had ¿¿»«J 'if .", idly. ^^^»otunoÄalhe^M« honourable duty of a member of Parliament when they so far forgot themselves to go and excite senseless mobs, who knew not what they were doing—infuriated, as they were, by the harangues of their leaders—to come to the House of Legislature and made an offensive demonstra tion with the view of influencing men of educa tion who all their lives past had filled honour able positions in society. (CheeT 1 Traill's' fessed he never felt such confirmed J ??" as. a legislator as when Heard Phaír the RSL Caress the House in the manner. as they had been in the habit AL 2s? audiences such as those outside in tv To Market. (Cries of "Adjourn") TV?6^ ¡l House would not adjourn ,Frr6 1 House would consult UHhmih, unused to adjourn. (Hear, hear.) LL md> to they were deterred from doingthtíltwtH of these contemptible scenes. (cSVM) It might be satisfactory to the gentlemen mJ a caused this disturbance to know the *£°>1 their conduct brought the contempt of the country upon the Houses (Hea£hea?)ftTv!* great pain to speak in this manner B H. h , always been the apostle of peace. It 214 i been his desire to pour oil on thou J d ever whenever he ^C^0*T'»; I the courage of an Englishman, and stiff these miserable arts of men who could AS , their purposes by any more li.iri»!m.i toss I stitutional mean! fCheew ) Pass and as. . with men who wished "to send the Constitiution to blazes," (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSTON and Mr. O'SiuirAkwi,. together. The latter, however^vtwav "" j Mr. JOHNSTON said the member for Collin wood had expressed a disinclination toys but he would observe that while W J !Ti sat protected, the unfortunate Police oU(.?rbm 1 being assailed and mutilated by widowers , all quarters. (Sensation.) It NZ ft from ask them to keep back the J51dri,?fb Mr. VERDON, who have entered their announced that he had just eaten wounded policeman (sensation), and ,K0D,* suggest that those hon. members who had Z influence with the crowd should be requisite The SPEAKER (with warmth remained a. member for WUliamUov^^Sl Se C' solemn duty to perform (hear, He' trusted they were determined to perform that duty (cheers and that no threat, 'noTutnull nothing short of their forcible expulsion from ft. dE )deter them from Mr aS Mr. STEPHEN then resumed his speech. He gloried in the sentiments which the Shaker had expressed, and in the hearty cheers with as they were received, showing that they had Cd an echo in the breast of every honourable 3 courageous man in the House. (Cheers.) wX reference to the suggestion of the member for Williamstown, he would merely say, let those X were afraid to face the crowd place themselves under the protection of those men who had brought about this state of things. (Hear hear! For his own part, he bade defiance to such help and so long as he pursued a constitutional course he would bid defiance to any crowd. (Hear hear! Having delivered himself of these sentiments he would now refer thcquestionimmediatelybciorj The House. It seemed extraordinary that hon. members, merely for the sake of speech-making should get up this motion for adjournment, which could only tend to exasperate a misguided popu- lace. He regretted that recent events had shown that there was not a respectable " cabinet-maker" in the House (a laugh) at the same time he hoped the motion for adjournment would be withdrawn, and that the House would proceed with the business of the country. Mr. O'SHANASSY claimed the indulgence the House while he made a few observations a representative of the people, not so much upon the position of the Government or the position of the Land Bill, as upon the scene which they had been called upon to witness on this occasion. For 20 years it had been his lot to reside in this colony ; he had taken part in many public meetings, he had been in scenes of excitement he had heard approval and disapproval of his sentiments ; but he thought he could challenge the entire history of the country for a parallel in the conduct they were called upon to witness the evening. (Cries of " Disgraceful," and cheers He had attempted to rise on two or three out. sions, with a view to propose the adjournment of! the House, in consequence of the excitement outside the walls of the Chamber, and there treatment which the innocent preservers of lit place (hear, hear) were receiving at the lea of the populace. (Hear, hear.) Inhisapalj as a member of the Legislature, he had mia! the operations which had led to this & turbaned, and the conduct of the son in this affair, as well as that of the gets men to whom reference had already been made as being." behind the scenes." And Lad had the greater opportunity for doing Its from having pursued an honest, consistent, ul determined course of public policy with regard this questionnaire which he had never retold from, and which he was not ashamed to avow- one which was approved by his constituents, at cue which he hoped he should be able to him lain, even if it led to his being further abused j the Eastern Market. (Hear, hear.) He would not give up his convictions, the results of li leading, and his 20 years of experience of c* taxation, merely to gratify the member It Rodney. And that was the cause of tho also which had been levelled at him. But why shed bobo singled out for the attack? (A voice "Because it is cowardly.") And why did not the member for Rodney meet him in his place in the House, and seek to controvert the arguments, instead of exciting clamour with III view to the overcoming of judgement? (Hear, hear.) The member for Rodney, however, as but little of the temper of the man he assailed. He (Mr. O'Shanassy would sooner sacrifice hill and property than be coerced into doing that to which he was opposed (cheers) and he trusted his example in this respect would be followed by all the independent members of the House, (Renewed cheers.) The respect which they ought to pay to the pledges they had given their compel agencies should alone make them refuse to be coerced in this manner. (Hear, hear.) The member for Rodney, throughout all his toils! tion, had not done one Bixpenm north of goods for the country. (Hear, hear.) He could not measure his services to the country, if he (Mr. O'Shanassy) could measure his by days and nights of toil and yet, because he did not choose to vary his opinions with the temper MI these fleeting politicians, he was to be insulted tell them in the Eastern Market. The allusion touR illustrious man which he made the other day in the House had been made the subject of jest by the member for Rodney, who connected with the saying of Tom Mooney, that every respectable citizen ought to have a vote, a rifle, and a time. He did not see the connexion between the in matters ; but, at the same time, he must p further than the member for Rodney, and given every citizen, not only a vote, rifle, endearing also a wife (A laugh.) The member for Rodney could not outbid him, without being outbid a return. (Laughter.) With regard to Washingta he would observe that it was a portion of US policy of that great man that the deliberative assembly of the nation should not meet in the' midst of great centres of population. And the scenes they now witnessed to be repeated 1 instead of being able to deliberate in the men's refusal they would certainly have to cor tolls 1 sakE of the Murray. (A laugh, as Um, hear.") There was no hon. member of the Home more anxious for the settlement of the people the land than himself. No man had tins turned to the House who had not expressed lw ' If anxious for that settlement, but every you had his own ideas as to the mode of carrying out that object. Thohon.mcmberforRodnev.rtoir» iorthobuI,thewholobiIl,andnothtogb«ttneWi at one time had been in favour of free gas IT free selection before survey. Had he states his principles ? He had not done so, but. Skeels hon. members, had bcontrimming. ,\üwi°JÍ The hon. member for Rodney, had ¡fW?" bring his (Mr. O'Shanassy's) private affairs before the meeting in the Eastern Market Mr. GRAY rose to order, and wasrcceivedin* loud disapprobation, and could not be Mwi w sometime. At length, he was heard to say he merely asserted that the hon. member for Kilmore had purchased large quantities of m aso squatter. . M Mr. O'SHANASSY contended that this is. ment was perfectly unwarranted because SW but even if true, he denied the right of tie tt member for Rodney to. canvassing R O'Blinnossy'B) affairs in the Eastern Market, As the hon. member for Rodney repatedtW conduct, he should treat him not as a seat but as a blackguard. (Sensation.) Mr. GRAY, amid much excitement, and of "Chair," rose to order, and claimed that the action of the Speaker. The SPEAKER, who could scarcelytabewj ' cp cased a hope that hon. west fuget themselves, and reminded Uiebon. was ber for Kilmore that he had madous30fM"-| parliamentary expression. ; J Mr. O'SHANASSY said that, JR Wgl anything unparUamontanr, s. 4s West . rtinwtt'ibatWwoniu observe tnat,it«j/-! CiaWit., DJtno ÛQU£#tkugttjpr0J)er lo W| unvote affairs before Eastern Market meet, he should treat him, not as a gentleman, but I liiVblockguard. (Renewed sensation.') Mr GRAY rose to order again. The offensive: "words' had not been withdrawn, only repeated. He would say that up to that moment the hon. ,, member for Kilmore had sought his (Mr. Gray's) " midships- (2 Order 1") TLo SPEAKER said, if the hon. member for J Kilmore had used the language with a personal "licence he was out of order, and should with a saw his expression. ' Mr. O'SHANASSY had merely made a hypothetical statement, but if it were required he would withdraw it. He had thought it right to in if any hon. member thought proper to continue certain conduct, he (Mr. O'Shanassy) should treat him as a blackguard. That Ino merely a hypothetical reference. What had his conduct to do with the King of Naples ? He had struggled as much or more fertile welfare of the country than thehon.mem ter for Rodney. Had he not laboured hard to give the country the Constitution it now en lived? and had he not written with his heart hand the very clause of the Constitution Act which enabled the two Houses to legislate on, the land question at all taking it out of the hands of the Imperial Parliament? and was he to be stigmatized by the Eastern Market on account of that Rather than give his private judge month at such dictation he would resign his seat in that Assembly. Such conduct had no more effect upon him than throwing a bucket of water over a goose. (Laughter.) He trusted every member of that or the other branch of the Legis 1 sure, whether they fell in with his views or he, would act if. a spirit of independence, and he urged certain hon. members that a feeling could be brought out, and would be fought out, that would teach them that it would not do to attempt to carry their purpose by such means as they were using that calling. It was argued that the Council was in fact the lower or branch of the Legislature ; but what SUB the fact. The land question stood on dif street ground than any other and there was this difference between the English Constitution and that of the colony, that the former was unwritten, whereas the latter was in so many words. The House had not to decide upon the form of the Constitution, but to not upon what was set forth in express terms. The Constitution handed over the power to deal with the lands, not to one House, but to- both and very wisely too, for if one too; alone had to decide upon it, the question would be settled upon a false issue. This was a simple question of contract with the mother country, and not of representation, and anyone wlionttompted to break by resorting to the Orders in Council simply transferred the power of dealing with the question to the source from whence it was der ii ed. He could demonstrate this without: the slightest difficulty, and challenged any lawyer; to dispute his proposition. Some hon. them- or find proposed, if they could not make the land Bill law, to adopt the Orders in Council ; but if those were carried out, the preceding land law must also be supposed to exist. Having done that, what came next ? If the old law were followed out, every squatter would be at the present moment the possessor of the fee-simple of the greater portion of his run. The proposal to come those Orders in Council, therefore, could only be the result of the ignorance of those who did not know, or the design of those who did. He spoke warmly, but he was deeply into fitted, and it was rather too much when it was attempted to assist him in form- ing his judgement by bringing up crowds to the House telling them, " To- morrow evening meet in Parliament yard." Now, he begged to sell those hon. members that that was unconstitutional enough. (Hear, hear.) If they were to have the semblance of constitutional government, were they to act thus? (Hear, hear.) When a portion of the house was beaten on particular question-and he supposed hon. gentlemen in that section of the House would acknowledge that they were beaten (cheers) were they to call public meetings, not of the proper kind, convened by the mayor, but of any sort, and attempt to overawe the House? (Cheers.) They were to carry the Land Bill one day, the lords were to be abolished the next, and Mr. O'Shanassy was to be sent to Washington. (Laughter.) If they were really anxious to settle the question, they must know it would not be settled in that way, for his part, he would never leave his position, not for place or power, though he could have gained both had be done so, but he never would. (Cheers.) If he was to have a voice in a free deliberative assembly, he would stand firm in that House to carry his views into ch c'. and if he failed it would be because he must yield, as everyone sooner or later had to do, to the opposition of an adverse majority. He had several times told that House that whatever was the decision of that House he would content himself with it, and how to it. Rather than settle the Land Bill on such terms as had been proposed by the action taken by a certain section of that House, he would defer it for any that, if violence was to be used to carry that question, instead of abolishing the Upper HOUSe they might as well abolish themselves. He believed the liberties of the people and he did not confound the mass assembled by Wilson Gray with these would be best preserved by teaching the hon. member for Rodney what; his, conduct had been, had he the charge of the hand Hill in that House which he had not-he would, after that threat, withdraw it from the table of the House, and defy those who gave that threat, what was the value of liberty, if the persons chose to guard it-if any disappointed politician were to summon persons to prejudice their de- liberations ? Were shot crowd of persons called upon to assist by their countenance to cheer or a Ministry in a weak position, or encourage Mr. SERVICE.-AB once before. (Laughter.) Mr. O'SHANASSY had no hesitation in referring to that circumstance. He might say that, as far as he was then concerned, he had been glad to receive the approbation of his fellow-citizens, and he might have been glad if the same thing had occurred that night,, but without violence. (Hear, hear.) But that demonstration alluded to had not been brought about by him, nor suggested by him. He was fail to obtain the good opinion of his fellow citizens, but if he could not do so without sacrificing his conscience, he was content to do without Put the proper to preserve the liberties of the House was to continue the discussion all night if requisite, or, if necessary, for a week, to show that hon. members were not influenced by the mob outside the House. Mr. HARTLEY.-Nor the mob inside the House. ("Oh.") Mr. O'SHANASSY' continued to say that the course which had been taken by a section in that House had been destructive of liberty, and it was not the Land Bill that was involved, but the very existence of that Assembly, as a free, delibera- tive body. He regretted that he had been forced into that line of argument and remark, but he had been forced to do so by his observation of the causes that had brought the affair about. He would suggest to the hon. member for Brighton that, instead of seeking an adjournment, the debate should be continued, to show that hon. members had not been prevented from the tuition. Mr, GRAY rose to explain, as he had been personally alluded to. (" Chair." " Order.") In fairness, the House should listen to him, as the hon. member who had just spoken had exhibited all his venom against him (Mr. Gray). The' SPEAKER reminded the hon. member for Rodney that he could only speak for purposes of explanation, and not of attack. Mr. GRAY would say that the hon. member who had just sat down had misrepresented his (Mr. Gray's) conduct. (" No, no.") He had neither said nor done anything to encourage the meeting of that assemblage outside. (Loud cries or " No." " It is false." " You have") On the contrary, he had done everything to prevent it. (2 Oh, oh.") He had induced large numbers of persons to leave. (2 Oh. oh.") The non member, who had been glad to find a native of persons to support him and his weak Ministry, had drawn a false distinction bell, on the two cases. (Hear, hear.) He was for- tuna enough" Chair"). He SPEAKER ruled these remarks out of order,, Mr.' EBDEN and Mr. M'LELLAN here both rose to speak. Mr. M'LELLAN altogether repudiated sympathy with those who had committed acts of violence outside the House that night; but at the wine time he could not hide from himself the fact that the present Administration had done, more to bring about such a state of things than any hon. member in that Assembly. ("Oh, oh.") the conduct of that Administration was insulting to the people of that country. They had not explained why they had resumed office, but had insulted every hon. member of the House by as turning that they were the only Administration. that could take office, Mr. HOOD said it was requisite that the House should know what policy the Government intended to pursue, and who it was that was going to carry it out. He thought the hon. the Chief Beere any Should fifty who in future oo]loogll03 sore to be who he intended to put in the places of those of his colleagues who had resigned his, m whither he intended to carry on without any one filling those offices. The hon. mem 11' for -Mandurang had made an attack upon an p ",' month." Did his (Mr. Hood's) side of fin ir"75.0> wish he would not have answered no. it not been vehemently cheered by the SS The over was simply this that" a hon- member for Villiers and He/ retary had made no attack upon the GJ t£T whatever-. In 10 Governor's letter to its i-"}0,,01"^ Secretary, there were state jurists which that hon member disputed; whether '"it was making a personal attack upon His excellency, Le would leave that House to defer I 'crime. He warned the House to bear in mind the exact state of the question before them, and to see that the conditions under which the committees of both Houses were appointed were equal on both sides. HeregrettedtheAttorney- Generolwasnotin his place, as he intended to ask that hon. gentleman what he meant by saying that under no circumstances whatever would be I do or say anything that could possibly jeopardize the peace of this country. That might be the doctrine of a. slave, but not of a free man and if the forefathers of the hon, gentleman had acted on a similar principle he would like to know if the Attorney-General would be a free man that day? (Hear.) Again, he should like to know if the Attorney-General considered he had the blood of the Tudors or the Howards in his veins, that he should say "He never felt so degraded in his life as when he got the approbation of the people of this country ?" (Hear, hear.) The question for the House was, were they going to allow the Ministry-minus their two best men-to attempt to legislate, when they only intended to hold a conference, and if the Upper House did not acres, then leave the bill altogether? (Hear.) As to what had occurred outside, he wished to say one word. It was very well known all day that it was in contemplation to hold a meeting that evening in the Parliament yard. He wished to know were any steps taken by the Government, to place a couple of police- men at each of the gates, so as to hinder it? (Hear, hear.) He did not justify what had been done, but he thought the blame ought to be laid on the proper persons. (Hear.) That meeting had conducted itself in an orderly manner for four hours, and no overt act was committed (Dr. Evans.-" I saw it." " Hear, hear.") until the mounted troopers rushed in among the crowd- standing peaceably-and charged them furiously. A He did not justify what had then taken place, but neither did he see how the whole Corner w. S to be blamed for what occurred. For his part he had never attended an Eastern Market meeting in his life; but he thought either one of the courses should be pursued either place police- men at the gate to prevent the people getting in in the first instance, or, when legally in the yard, not charge them furiously, when standing peaceable. (Hear.) Mr. NICHOLSON did not intend to occupy the time of the House, but wished to say a few words in reference to the observations of the last speaker. That hon. gentleman said all was peace- able until a certain number of policemen rode in among the people He might tell the hon. fell tleman that Captain Standish had been with him in the morning, and preparations were made to keep the peace. Captain Standish was in communication with him all the evening. Up to a certain time, with the exception of one or two disorderly persons, all was peaceable. At a later period of the evening, Captain Standish reported that there was a serious disturbance, and that one or two men were hurt. He asked, "Canyon clear the yard ?" _ Captain Standish replied, "I can j" and he said, " Clear it." The yard was accordingly cleared, and he believed the disturbance then going on was outside. That was the part the police had taken. Mr. L. L. SMITH defended the conduct or the hon. member for Rodney, who, he said, had not advised the people at the Eastern Market to mi'Ot there that night. The person who did 60 was Mr. Crews, who was formerly a member of that House. In his opinion, the whole blame was due to the Ministry; and when, on a former occasion, he asked the Chief Secretary (Mr. Leader." Who listened to you ?" " Hear, hear;" and laughter.) He should appeal to the Speaker if this conduct of the hon. member for Mandurang was correct ? It was 11 pity his hon. colleague was not in the House to assist him in his interruptions. (Laughter.) [At this moment Mr. Carpenter entered the House.] he found the hon. member for Mandurang had just come in. (Sir. Carpenter You must be cautious, now 1" Roars of laughter.) What (exclaimed Mr. L. L. Smith) does . hon, member for Mandurang say ? (Great laughter.) I am glad to see he is coward enough not to carry out-- (Cries of " Order.") The SPEAKER said the hon. member VM clearly out of order in using such language. Mr. SMITH rose, amid loud cries of " Ro tract, retract." He begged to retract. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman then proceeded to indulge in a long attack on Mr. Nicholson, as the cause of the present crisis ; but, his observation being completely lost ' amid a storm of coughs each time he essayed to speak, he at length resumed his seat. Mr. EBDEN observed that earlier in the evening, when he heard that the constabulary who had been told off to keep that neighbourhood in p.- ice and order had been wounded, and were being brought in bleeding from wounds inflicted by stones, he had felt that probably the best course for the House to take was to adjourn, if only for a moment, and relieve the policemen from the unhappy position in which they were placed, and leave, the populace out of doors to follow this reckless course to which they had been incited. As a member of that House, he felt himself compelled to express his deep regret that any hon. member should be, known to have incited those men to riot; (Hear, hear.) It was not too much to say that many of them were doubtless misguided men ; but when guided by designing men, for their own especial objects, what might the House have to fear ? But, he would ask, when hon. members could go forth into the market-place to keep up mid- night orgies of the worst description (hear, hear), which could only tend to the misery of those whom they sought to misguide, was he to be told that these leaders of these men were men who intended to give them employment ? (Loud cries of " No.") Did these hon. members go out of their way to seek to give honest employment, or afford that honest advice which would induce these men to get employment where they could ? or had they rather sought to encourage- to use no stronger expression-the misguided act of keeping up this constant agitation, which had at last ended in bloodshed, upon the very thresh hold of the Assembly ? He did not wish to increase the acerbity of that debate, and he merely rose to explain, in the peculiar circumstances in which he was placed, the reason of his defeat u for an adjournment. He was not one to be intimi- dated by a disturbance such as that they had witnessed. He had been too long and was too old a colonist, and had been placed in positions in which few hon. members had been placed, to fear walkin among a misguided crew who were led on, probably beyond their proper feelings, to perpetrate outrage. He knew that his life could be at best but uncertain, and that while he feared God he had no right to fear any man. Hear, hear.) Guns had been pointed at his head, and his life had been threatened over and over again, by misguided men and therefore, he for one, was not to be de- terred from pursuing calmly deliberations which ought to claim the attention of the House. (Hear, hear.) On the former occasion to which allusion had been made an hon. member called the attention, of the Chairman to the noise outside, which prevented his being heard while addressing the chair, but on that occasion they were not called upon to complain of scenes of bloodshed like those which had now taken place. He would remind the House that a blow with a stone on the temple of a man might kill him and he would ask if, in these attempts, murder were to be the result where would the instigator stand? (Hear.) Beaasumed.from some little knowledge of the law, that an indictment for manslaughter would be at his door. He would not venture to make any remarks upon what he scarcely knew to be the âuestionnowboforo the House. He was aware that a motion for adjournment had been made, but the mover had asked leave to withdraw it. When he know what the actual subject; of the debate WOR, he should be prepared to apply him self to it. In the meantime he could only state that he rose more particularly in explanation of what had previously occurred, and to express his deep regret at the scenes which had taken place on this occasion. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MACKINTOSH belonged to a class proverbial for their loyalty, and he trusted that he was as loyal as any of them. He had not the slightest sympathy with what had now occurred outside the walls of that House; at I he same time, he could not help remarking that a strange fatality appeared to be connected with the settlement of this land question. Nothing had given him greater pain than to observe that the present weak, vacillating Government would reap all the advantages of the. outrages committed on this occasion. Hundreds of persons in the colony, to his knowledge, were in a most excited state with reference to the passing of a land bill and as the Ministry had been purged of its most effec- firemen, it was doubtful whether a settlement of the measure would come through the present Government. The professed friends of a liberal land measure had done the most against it, and it was a question with him whether the squatters had not excited the populace to the disturbances which had been created. (Laughter.) Mr. STEPHEN.-One of them, the Hon. Mr. Thomson, was half killed to-night. (Sensation.) Mr. CATHIE was of opinion that a storm might be raised that would prove the punishment of a man's presumption; the present storm was raised by the Ministry, and would, he predicted, lead to their downfall. The people, he contended, were honest and loyal. He had the greatest reverence for Her Majesty and her Government (2 Oh, oh"), but he had no reverence for her man- servant or her maid-servant, or her or or her ass. (Roars of laughter.) Mr. IRELAND had not intended to trouble the House with any observations, on the motion which had led to the discussion was but a mere formal one. They had heard a great deal of indignation with regard to the gentleman who sat to his left, in reference to the present occurrence and which ought to be deplored in every consideration affecting. the..weifare of the colony; but he considered that the Chief Secretary ought to take" his share of the responsibility. He by no means imputed to that hon. member any intention to bring about the unfortunate occurrence to which he alluded ; but he must" recollect that he had thrown in the teeth of the hon. member to whom he referred, that three cheers, " and one cheer more," had been given in the Eastern Market for William Nicholson, and that he then announced, in defiant tones, that he should back up the intentions of the ex-Commissioner of Lands to put in force the Orders in Council. Considering the support the Chief Secretary had received from these demonstrations, and finding, subsequently, according to the disclosure made by Mr. Beales, that he was preparing to recede from that position, some allowance should be made for the misguided people who thus found themselves completely sold. He (Mr. Ireland) thought he was fairly entitled to congratulate the country upon the fact that lives had not been left. Some impression was afloat in the public mind that the constabulary, the constituted authorities, had no right to resort to force without reading the Riot Act. He was in a position to state that that was not the law, if the police were attacked. There had been wounded 13 men-2 very seriously-and 3 officers 16 in all. When they were attacked in the manner they had been they would have been perfectly justified, in point of law, in having recourse to fire arms and firing on the mob. The reading of the Riot Act was necessary when a number of persons assembled in a riotous manner, and within an hour after such reading, if they refused to dis- perse, the authorities, whether assaulted or not, were justified in firing upon them. Considering what he had seen below stairs these unfortunate men lying dibiigured- sufficient testimony could hardly be borne to their forbearance and that of their officers in restraining them from using their Dams against their dastardly assailants. (Hear, hear.) He rejoiced that the House had not allowed itself to be intimidated into an adjournment even for one moment, and that hon. members had remained in their places, and showed themselves ready to discuss the business before them. Like the ancient Roman senate, when Brenus, the Gallic chief, thrust his sword into the scale that was weighing out the ransom of the city, they had remained firm even whose stones were being thrown through the library windows. (Cheers.) Slavin g made those observations, he would merely add that he had risen to point out that it would hare been perfectly legal had firearms been used after an attack had been made. Having done so, he would resume his seat. (Cheers.) Mr. MARTLEY, while agreeing with his hon. and learned friend in his allusions to the state of the law, differed with him when he attempted, fairly enough, to make political capital. He (Mr. Martley) denied that the attack had been the consequence of any act of the Ministry. (2 Oh, oh," from the Corner.) He referred the House to the disgraceful language used at the meeting at the Eastern Market the night before. He put the responsibility of the affair on the remark of the hon. member for Rodney on that occasion, when he reminded the meeting that the military forces had been withdrawn from gap colony. In what way had that language been accepted by that meeting ? How had the House accepted it That hon. member must bear the responsibility of the outrages of that night then and thereafter. He held out a direct temptation to his hearers to assault that House as it had been assaulted that night. It was a direct attempt to produce in that city a scene which, since the French revolution, had never been attempted in respect to any ¡ deliberative Assembly. no was glad hon. members had acted as they had done and trusted that if order could not be preserved outside the House it would be maintained inside. Had those hon. members dared to go down stairs while the storm they had raised was raging ? If the hon. member to whom most was to be attributed was not the cause, why had he dared to talk of titles as he had done? Why had he dared to talk of withdrawal and for what issue? Was it to insure the passing of the Land Bill ? There was no issue before the meet ing of the kind, the only issues were plunder and disorder. He (Mr. Martley) would bear in j testimony to the general good order and unanimity of those assembled for political purposes ; but he would venture to tell the hon. member for Rodney, that there were always in large towns a certain portion of dangerous classes, who lived by plunder and if those classes were once ex cited, the responsibility lay with those who excited them. He felt, from the manner in which the accusations made the night before were made, that those who uttered them knew the danger they mere creating. He asked whether Scenes like those that had taken place outside that House ought to have occurred-whether attempts ought to be made to overawe a deliberative Assembly ? He had heard English pre- cedents spoken of but they were out of place. In England there was a large unrepresented class, but in that colony there was none. Time Assembly was the represented voice of the people of the colony. There had been that night an attempt made to smother the House, and hon. members knew how and by whom she had been made. He had, after reading the account of last night's A meeting in the papers made sure that the number of those who had been present was not one tenth of those represented to have been there, I and had had no fear of any outrage actually taking place beyond the damage that might be done to his hat. He felt confident that they were the result of the conduct which had been pursued the evening before, and of the dan- gerous excitement which had been created by certain hon. members of that House. He challenged them to deny it. Could men so easily I misguided, and looking to certain parties fo> guidance, be led into such scenes without and the result had been, that those hon. members had been the authors of scenes which had commenced in political murder and ended in political suicide. He was confident such conduct would never again be attempted, and thought nothing worse would come of the present affair than that part of the House should be converted into an hospital. It had no reference whatever to the Land Bill, which was hardly mentioned that night, only vulgar abuse of the Governor and the hon. members of the House, adverse to them being heard of. The hon. member for Collingwood, Mr. Don, seemed to have taken lessons in natural history from his colleague, but he had gone no further than to draw unfavourable comparisons between certain animals and members of the present Ministry. Another case was different, and he would draw the attention of the House to what had fallen from the hon. member for Rodney, and warned him of the effect of the application of part of his speech. That hon. member had referred to a passage in Juvenal, of part of which he affected ignorance ; but he (Mr. Martley) knew enough of that hon. member to be sure the ignorance was affected. He said the punishment of certain criminals in Rome was to roll them in a sack with an ape, a cock, and another fighting animal. If that hon. member had cared to repeat it, he would never have been at a loss to tell his hearers that the other lighting animal was a serpent, and that the punishment was for the crime of parricide. That hon. member should remember that the worst form of parricide was treason. (Hear, hear.) He had, perhaps, kept within the borders of that last crime, and if he had done so it was much better for himself. (Cheers.) Mr. SINCLAIR thought whatever language had been used in the Eastern Market the night before, the language used in that House had been very unbecoming. The hon. member for Mandurang had hinted that a number of those who were at the meeting the night before had been sent out for the good of their country, whereas he (Mr. Sinclair) knew that a large number of those who were present were men of a most respectable character. (A laugh.) He (Mr. Sin [ clear) had never lost an opportunity of furthering the passing of the Land Bill, and now asked what good their Bham resignations had done. The ruin of the Ministry commenced from their existing over the late Engineer-in-Chief, and the. causes had increased ever since. The hon. member referred in detail to the action lately taken by the Ministry. He expressed his regret that the Heales Ministry had not taken office. Mr. MOLLISON wished to reply to one statement made by the hon. member for Belfast, That hon. member had attacked himself (Mr. Mollison and the hon. member for the Wimmera, by choosing in his speech to suppose that they had been invited to take office. Had that hon. member understood parliamentary etiquette at all, he would have known that for them to be invited, or to accept office, was simply impossible. The hon. member for the Wimmera and himself had been all along consistent opponents of the bill, though they had never offered any factious opposition. The statement had been made to damage them in the opinion of the House. It was a wanton and gratuitous attack. (Hear, hear.) The motion for adjournment was then put, and lost. MR. O'SaJJSAMDT AND THE LAMB By Mr. SERVICE gave notice that, on the following day, he would ask the hon. member for Kilmore whether, when he had been called upon to form an administration, His Excellency had made it a condition that he should take up the Nicholson Land Bill. (Hear, hear.) GAFITN'S CREEK. Mr. DON withdrew the question with respect to Laffin's Creek diggings, of which he had given notice. The remainder of the business having been postponed, the House adjourned till 4 p.m. the i 1 following (this) day. ' 