FARMING IN VICTORIA. to the editor of the argus. Sirs-I fear your correspondent " Dwyer" he got Eight of a mirage at Kilmore. He bought a farm of 100 acres, with a burden of £200 upon it, and a proviso that he forfeit the first,! with improvements, if the burden be not removed in two years. He must have been in a dream of fancy when he made this modest bargain. He would have done better had he paid the £100 to the governor of Yarra Bend to take charge of him for the above period. He would thus have saved himself and some others who may now suffer with him from his foreshadowed Insolvent Court. With so little skill in the outlay of capital, there can be but little expected in the working of a farm to the bolt advantage. The man must have a strange idea of farming who depends upon the advice of his neighbours as to what he is to put into it after he has got it. His friends either gave him foolish advice, or were something like himself know very little of their business when they advised him to stake his all upon one kind of produce. The man has got an over-dose, and is in delirium. He sees nothing but hobgoblin.! and Californian ghosts haunting our deserted and uncultivated farm lands, and poor men in want of bread, or only to be had at exorbitant prices. But he also sees a remedy-the 4lb. loaf must have a fixed price of 1s. ; not higher, not lower. This is his cure to drive the Californians ghost out of the country and as an auxiliary, no gold is to leave Victoria for the purpose of bringing in supplies, if we want to prosper. Apparently no has also taken fright at the Land Bill, and wishes to know where our port will be when we are oil formers. 'I presume we will still have Port Philip and other convenient places upon our sea coast. Iii J he asked where our labour would be with other interests if we are all to be farmers, there would be some show of reason for the inquiry. He then comes to the most ticklish question of the v hole. " I would be glad, Sir, if you could put us in a way to do that "-the., produce cheaper than the exporter. Now, we need not produce cheaper than the exporter; it is the importer woman . undersell, he thinks we might come nearer it if beef were 1d. per lb. ; tea, 1s. 3d. ; sugar, 21, No. I presume Kilmore farmer would be dearer still if supplied with those requisites for nothing. But, as a climax to the protection of Kilmore farmer, he would have Government salaries to the kind of labour of the colony. I presume he takes his own as a standard. Now, if, as he says, 8s. per bushel for wheat would have cleared him of his difficulties in two years, with one half of his land under crop, what will be the value of his labour when all is under cultivation? With 8s. per bushel and 50 acres under crop, he pays off £200, pays his men, and keeps his family, and adds to the value of his property 50 per cent., by cultivation. I think Government officers could live well upon this pay, and would not ask protection. B at, Sir, this Kilmore farmer is a fair sample of many of our farmers in Victoria, and of many who are likely to rush the land now open. They will speculate upon an article they know nothing of, or how to use ; which to many will prove a cure 3 instead of a blessing. Men who understand farming have no need to fear of success in Victoria. Such men as your correspondent will die out by natural causes, and leave the field to those that really know their business. Such are the only men to bring out the capabilities of our highly favoured country. Men having confidence in their own judgement, skill, and industry have no need of protection. He who trusts to the bonding reeds of legislation, (is a farmer for Victoria. We want a higher standard of, legislation before such a question approved tion can be considered in its broad principle:!. Any attempt at the old cobbling coachwork will be only injury and confusion. Lot our farms 'throw aside that old-hand cockatoo system of scratching and picking at the surface of their soil, depending wholly upon three orfonrkmli of produce, wheat, oats, hay, and potatoes. let them cultivate the soil so as to have a chance of 40, instead of 20 bushels per acre.' Leatham multiply the varieties of production estate their crops, grow their own beef and mutton. When this is done, farming will pay, and pay double what it pays in Britain, for all the ory of high wages and no market. Let us create a market' by our superior productions. Why should we fear California, or any other country, with our soil equal and climate superior Î Let the farmers fight like men for superiority, and not skulk behind the fold of protection. . ' Hoping I have not trespassed upon your columns, I am, Sir, yours respectfully,' ' . McHARDIE. Lygon-street, Carlton,' September 27. The West-end Trade The month of July has arrived-a period when we are usually looking for the approaching end of the London, season, and we have, as yet, had neither spring next summer. It' has been one long winter of in- clemency, rain storms, and cold weather, of 19 months' duration. The consequence has been what might have been anticipated; as there has been no chance of pictures, flower shows, <U-fres;> breakfasts, or out-door i amusements, there has been no demand for spring clothing, and hence a general stagnation of trade. launch facetiously gives us an imaginary advertisement from a tailor of now summer attire," consisting of fun, . waterproofs, cloaks, top coats, and goloshes, with a new uniform for riflemen, somewhat in the style of the day er's drays at the Poly takura (Institution. The high price of butchers' tant and the probability" of. deficient harvest, and also to depress trade. Unless the weather and daily changes, and gives a prospect of iii j cross ripening,, the consequences will he of a serious character to many of our county in a. - Furn JLihcall's Mercantile Circular for July. 