DESTITUTE BOAKD. Thursday. March 22. Present—Mr, H. Mildred, M.P. (in the chair), the Colonial Surgeon, His Worship the Mayor, the Immigra- tion Agent, and the Secretary. FORTNIGHTLY REPORT. The Secretary, in the stead of the Relieving Officer, made a report of relief granted, admissions into the Asylum, &c.; COUNTRY CASES. The following cases from country districts were con sidered:—Prom Mr. George Bollen. Clerk to Mount Barker District Council, on behalf of Mr. Joseph Hudson; a medical certificate was enclosed. Three rations for a month were granted.—From Mr. E. B. Gleeson, S.M., Clare, applying fcr relief for Maty Hart. Re fused. — From Mr. Richard Budgen, Chairman of Noatlanga District Council, requesting a continu ance of rations to Bridget O'Dwyer, and apply ing on behalf of Catherine Collins. One ration for a month, granted to Collins, and two rations to be continued to CD wyer.—From Mr. James Trestrail, Clerk of Para Wirra District Council, ret Dmnn ending Mrs. tohn Jolly as a fit pcrsen to receive relief from the Board. One ration for a fortnight was granted.—From Chairman of Onkaparinga District Council, applying for ' a renewal of relief to Thomas Seagrim. Three rations allowed for a month.—From the Mayor of Gawler, on behalf of Ann Turner. Two and a half rations for wo months were granted.—From Mr. J. S. Browne, S.M., Kapnnda, applying for payment of £2 16s, being an account for the interment of a woman named Danohoe. Granted.—From the Commissioner of Police, forward ing correspondence relative to the circumstances of a man named Brooks, who died suddenly in a harvest field, and who was reported to have left some £5 or £6, and whose wife bad received relieffrom the Board. It appeared from the letters that the money reported to hare been left had been spent in burying the body, together with refreshments, &c.; The Board did not approve of the whole of the money having been spent in burying the body, as the balance left would have supported the wife and family for a little time longer.— From Crafers District Council, on behalf of Ellen Bed ford. Further enquiries were directed to be made.— From Highercomhe District Council, applying for the : admission into the Asylum of Mrs. Bates. Granted. Also requesting a continuance of rations to Mrs. Kin rush. Two rations to be centinnrd.—From Mr. H. Duncan, Port Adelaide, saying that the Board was under a misapprehension in the care of Mrs. Keble, who bad been refused relief at a former meeting. She w&3 an infirm woman, 74 years of age, and unable to work. It appeared that she bad a share in a mud-baige which brought her in about 3s. per week, and the Board agreed to give her iudoor reliei if she would pay the proceeds of her share over to them, PEE30KAL AEPEICATIONS. Granted—Kindley, Round, Walton, Hogan, Goddard, Streets, Cobhin, Gcoghan, O'Leary, and Dyke. Refused —Fox, Haynes. Piukstone, McCormack, Skee, Powell, and Keuworthy. To be admitted—Simms and Clark. Enquiries to be made in the. eases of Ricketts and Taylor. The Casinos of California.—A ballroom heroine, a Creole girl from New Orleans, was staVbed iu tbe shoulder by a jealouB Chilena. The doctor was called upon to attena tbe beautiful and now blaspheroiag vixen, >;ho, between the sharp stitches of his suture* needle, cursed alternately her rival and her Adams's revolver that bad hung tire. 1 he wound was healed, but our author was no physician to so bad a mind as that of the Creole vengeful spitfire, who had scarcely escaped from his hands when, at a dishevelled masked baU, bbe struck her Chilian enemy a fatal blow with a bowie-knife. Introduced by this adventure to the orgies of the place, Dr. Palmer soon learned and witnessed the incidents of "The Fate of tbe Fairleighs." Amid the revels be detected a tall and singularly graceful young English woman, who seemed strangely oat of yl >ce there, and hopelessly wretched—who moved in the dance, grave, pale, and abstracted, with no apparent intercut in it or consciousness of iU "flow like the very ghost of a bacchanal, with lier motions merely, but not emotions, she flung herself de sperate y into the brave abandon of the Spanish dance, flashing her soft, white shoulders, beautifully balancing her pensile arms, proudly careering her con quering neck," This woman, & refuse from the English home of her husband and Irom ihe society ot her acquaintances, had come "to see her fate out"—to dazzle and tiauee her life away in ali the rudeness of Califor nian adventure. Her proud spirit, however, remained to her- and when licr husband also made his appear ance iu California she found his approach intolerable. Whether it were a sense of injury or of remorse, she only fl nncd with pasriun. Bat this w&e; but for a momen:; soom she turned athen psde, with a deep, dan- ; gerous, mid despairing liitc; her health and beauty de parted at once; arsenic was attempted, but tbe dictor came just iu time to pump it up ; but, impatient for the end, the sequel s«:on came, and her corpse was recovered from tbe river. The must interesting circumstance, which proves how curiously goeduess and wickedness arc sometimes bleuitd together, remains to be Etat sd. She 1-fc to her too, the otispring of her marriage, a large legacy, which the had ininF-triously hoar ed, signing the*will with her assumed name and a fearful appendage — "Lucy Mason, the Lost"—" Romantic Apecitg* cf California and India" in Sjtclurbocker, -Ax Antithesis.—There was something very pungent in the incidental remark of a good man, io the course of his sermon, who had in a country place taken to proa hing out of doors in the summer afternoons. He used to collect the people as they were taking air by the side of a stream outside the village. On one occa sion he had unfortunately taken his place on a bank, and fixed himself on an ant's nest. The active habits of those Utile creator,s toon made the position of the in truder upon their domain very uncomfortable, and, afraid tbat his audience might obstrce something of this dis comfort in his manner, apologized by the remark— "Brethren, though 1 hope I have the Wod of God in my month, 1 think the De'il himself has gotten into my break 6." The People oe Beheeaua.—A people so happily satisfied with their own position I never saw elsewhere, except at Barbodoea. And how could they fail to be satisfied, looking at their advantages? A million hogsheads of sugar to be made when the coo come ! They do not, the most of them, appeal to c land as being that of their nativity, but they love it ro less as that of their adoption. Lock at me," says one, " I have been thirty years without leaving it, and have never had a headache." I look and see a remarkably h.Ic rncu of forty, 1 should say, hut he soya fifty. " That's nothing," says another, who certainly may I a stricken in years, " I have been tore five-and-fifty years, and have never been ill but once, when X was foolish enough to go to England. Ugh! I shall never forget it. Why. Sir, there was frost in October.-" " Sex," I sai " aud snow in May sometimes. It is not all sunshine with me, whatever it may be with yon." "But tiial we have too much sunshine," interposed a lady, " yon don't Gunk we have, do you?" "Not in lbs least. Who could ask more, madam, than to-bask in such sunshine as yonrs from year's end to yeajfs end ? ' " And is commerce flourish ing?"! asked of a gentleman in trade, •'flourishing. Sir! if you want to make money here's your ground. Wby, Sir, here in this wte'.ched little street there has been mote money turned in the last 10 years than, than, than—" and he rummaged among the half-ecowns in ! his breeches pocket for a simile, as thongh not a few of tiie profits spoken of had found their way thither. " Do you ever find it dull here?" tasked of a lady, ferbars not with very good issue, for we Englishmen have some times an idea that there is peihaps a little sameuess about lire to a small oniony. " Dull 1 an. What should make us dull ? We have a great deal more to amuse us j ahan moat of yon have at home." This might perhaps :be true of many of as. " We have -dances and dinner parties, and private theatricals. And then Mrs. " Now l£rs.—-was the Governor's wife, and ail euloginms on jBOcietyin Georgetown always ended ffithtbeeoJogiODl qpoaAsb* 'Trollop fi Wort lamer, 