VARIETIES. BLOWING OUT A CANDIE. There is one small fact in domestic economy which is not generally known, but which is useful as saving time, trouble, and temper. If the candle be blown out holding it above you, the wick will not smoulder down, and may therefore be easily lighted again, but if blown upon downward, the contrary is the case. Scientific Artisan. EATING HUMBLE SIR-When our forests were stocked with deer, and venison pastry was commonly seen on the tables of the wealthy, the inferior and refuse portion of the deer, termed the "ambles," were generally appropriated by the poor, who made them into a pie ; hence " humble pie" became suggestive of poverty, and was afterwards applied to degradation of other kinds. THE RING FINGER In the ancient ritual of marriage, the ring was placed by the husband on the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words, "In the name of the Father;" he then removed it to the forefinger, adding, " and of the Son ;" then to the middle finger, adding, " and of the Holy Ghost ;" finally he left it as now, on the fourth | finger, with closing word, "Amen." Notes and Queries. FRENCH FORESTS. The number of destructive animals destroyed in the forests of the Crown during the last six years, by the keepers, by trap or by gun birds and beasts included amounts to 154,517. Into this total enter 88 wolves and whelps of wolves, 5,211 foxes, 213 badgers, 3,859 martins, 2,050 polecats, 1,597 stray dogs, 7,784 wild cats, 34,452 weasels and hedgehogs, 4,477 blizzards, 7,451 sparrow hawks, 10,170 owls, 18,466 crows, 21,500 magpies, 17,479 jays, 6,00 squirrels, and 10,822 rats and field mice. Letter from Paris. THIEVES AND THE TELEGRAPH. The Detective, a new weekly journal, contains the startling announcement that our " dangerous classes are employing the telegraph to work their nefarious designs. Assassins and burglars are using it to decoy people from their homes, for who would distrust a telegram that announces the illness of a distant relation, and summons one to his bedside ? Telegrams written in London are dated " Aberdeen and " Brighton." The Detective urges telegraph companies to date their telegrams only from the place at which they are actually received. THE EGG TRADE The following statistics relating to the egg trade are drawn from official sources. In 1815 the number of eggs exported from France was 1,700,000 ; in 1816 it rose to 8,800,000. Six years later, in 1822, the number was 55,000,000, and 99,500,000 in 1824; in 1839 the number declined to 55,000,000 ; then gradually increased until 1845, when it was 88,200,000, for which an export duty of 114,000 francs was paid. Nearly all these eggs go to England. The yearly consumption of eggs in Paris is estimated at 165,000,000, and the total consumption of all France at 9,300,000,000, so that, reckoning eggs at a son, this single article represents 465,000,000 francs.-Q-alignanV» Messenger. AWFUL ALTERNATIVE -The last will of a queer old miser, who has just died, is much talked of at Vienna. He cut off all his nearest relatives, and made a very distant one, an extremely handsome young girl, sole heiress of his considerable property. So far there is nothing extraordinary ; but there is a condition added to it. The testator was a hunchback, and had a club foot, which defects probably had obstructed many attempts of his to marry. He has made it, therefore, a condition, sine qua non, that the heiress is to get the property only when she marries a man shaped as he was. She is, besides, to live in a convent three months in each year to pray for his soul. The heirs- at-law have attached this odd last will on the plea that when it was made the testator must evidently have been mad. SPECIAL SERVICES." - There is too much patronising offensiveness in the continual suggestion of " special services for the working classes," as if indeed any class, or that class in particular, were necessarily the objects of religious efforts. The middle classes have happily cushioned themselves in the sanctuary, (and like an ostrich burying his head in the sand, thinking to escape observation) they imagine their seats there give them a right to be considered sufficiently good. But the world without looks on askance. The merchant who has rigged the market ; the tradesman who has adulterated his goods; of the manufacturer who lowered the wages of his workmen, are all noted and despised, additionally, for their profession. What the world looks for is religious life in invoices and contracts, weights and measures, and in conversation on common things. If in these matters the true ring of religion is heard, but without pretence, the world will assume the existence of true religious life. Spectator. A PARISIAN FAMINE IN 1590. The soup cauldrons, which in some of the streets were yet maintained by donations from the authorities, were filled with loath- some substances, such as the exodus of animals, mice, rats, leather, even human blood mingled in the horrible compound. Little cakes were exposed for sale made of rye mingled with powdered State ; white bread sold for a gold crown a pound ; butter for three crowns a pound ; eggs for 12 sous a piece. It was a ] common event in the morning to find 200 corpses in the streets. Little children and women perished in numbers from the combined miseries of famine and pestilence. The streets echoed with the groans and the agonies of the dying. About the same time a horrible fact came to light. A lady of rank, who had lost two children during the siege, stole the bodies from the coffins, which she afterwards filled with rubbish, and caused to be interred. She then salted, the bodies, and every day at a morsel of the flesh, and gave a piece to her servants. Freer's Henry TV. LONDON BUTTER. With regard to the mixtures foisted on the London public as butter, the duty on which is now to be abolished, it is stated by respectable houses in the trade that the usual consumption of Irish butter at this season of the year in London and the surrounding districts is about 10,000 casks weekly ; but that this year it is about 3,000 casks " a fact attributable entirely to the immense importa- tion of stuff called butter from Holland and other foreign countries.", In summer, when the make of butter is at its largest, these countries ship, from 6,000 to 7,000 casks weekly. At present they send send from 13,000 to 14,000 casks a-week, when it is impossible to produce that quantity in its genuine state. Of these 33,000 casks, more than two-thirds are adulterated with farina, beef suet, and other substances, to the extent of 30 to 50 per cent. The true and only remedy for the evil will be found by the public selecting respectable shops, where detection in false practices would be ruin and acquainting themselves with the lowest price at which the genuine commodity can be honestly sold.- Times. POISONING BY ARSENIC. Dr. Blondlot has communicated, in a paper to the Paris Academy of Sciences, a fact which may be highly valuable in cases of poisoning by arsenic. After numerous experiments, he has come to the conclusion that the slightest quantity of greasy matter in contact with arsenious acid will reduce its solubility to about one-twentieth of what it was before. This explains at once why, in certain judicial investigations, arsenic has been sought for in vain in the liquid portion of the food contained in the stomach, when it partly consisted of fatty substances, such as broth, milk, &c.; It likewise explains how arsenious acid, taken in powder, may sometimes have sojourned a long time in the stomach before it produced any deleterious effect, since in such cases its action was hindered by the presence of fatty substances. Jugglers have been seen swallowing arsenic with impunity, because, according to Dr. Blondlot, they had previously taken the precaution to drink milk and eat fat bacon. Hence it follows that in cases of poisoning by arsenic, fatty substances may be administered as real antidotes, capable of suspending the action of the poison for a considerable time, until more radical means of effecting a cure can be applied. A YORKSHIRE ELECTION 'FIFTY YEARS SINCE. The election for the county of York, in 1867, lasted 15 days, and cost the three candidates half a million of money ! The expenses of Mr. Wilberforce, the philanthropist, who stood at the head of the poll, were defrayed by public subscription, and those of Lord Milton (afterwards Earl Fitzwilliam) created an annual charge of £17,000 on his estate. The unsuccessful candidate, the Hon. H. Lascelles, a son of the Earl of Harewood, and a Tory, spent even more than that. Never was there so vigorously contested an election, either before or since. The roads in all directions were crowded each day with every description of machine that could go on wheels, from my lady's barouche down to the tanner's tax-cart-some with eight horses to them, taking voters up to the poll. You may judge how hard the work must have been, when I tell you that upwards of 23,000 votes were recorded, and a hundred and twenty horses were found dead upon the roads during the polling ! Two thousand electors a day came into York city, and provisions that would have lasted its inhabitants for twelve months were consumed in a fortnight ! Another famous election was that of Shrewsbury, in the year 1797, it was contested between the late Lord Berwick and Sir Richard Hill, of Hawkstone their brothers being the candidates. It cost them more than one hundred thousand pounds-all spent in bribery and corruption of one kind or another. Once a Week. 