The new3 from England by the Benares to the J8th of February is of a much more important character than that by the last two or three mails. 'We have the Queen's speech on the opening of ; ' Parliament to begin with : — f ' Sly Lords and Gentlemen, — i ' It is with great satisfaction that I again meet you i In Parliament, and have recourse to your assistance and ? advice. ' My relations with foreign Powers continue to be on * friendly and satisfactory footing. 'At t no close of the lnst session I informed you 'that overtures had been made to me to ascertain whether, if a conference should be held by the great Powers of Europe, for the purpose of settling arrangements con nected with the present state and future condition of Italy, a plenipotentiary would be sent by me to assist at such a conference. I have since received a formal in vitation from tho Emperor of Austria, and from the Emperor of the French, to send a plenipotentiary to a Congress, to' consist of tho representatives of the eight Powers who were parties to the treaties of Vienna of 1815, the objects of such congress being stated to be, to ' receive communication of tho treaties concluded at Zurich, and to deliberate— associating with tho above mentioned powers tho courts' of Rome, of Sardinia, and . of tho Two Sicilies, on the means best adapted for the pacification' of Italy, and for placing its prosperity on a solid and durable basis. Desirous at all times to concur in proceedings having for their object tho maintenance of peace, I accepted the invitation, but at tho same time I made known that in such a congress I should stead fastly maintain the principle that no external force should bo employed .0 impose upon the people of Italy any particular government or constitution. ''Circumstances have arisen which Imvo led lo n post ponement of the Congress, with rat any tUy lnving been fixed for its mooting. But, whether tn congress or separate negotiation, I shall endeavour to obtain for the people of Italy freedom Irora foreign interference by force of arms in their internal concerns, and I trust that tho affairs of the Ittllan peninsula raw be peacefully and saUifactorily eottled. Papois on tills subject will ? soon be laid beforo you. 'lam in communication with tho Empenr of the Trench, with a view to extend tho commercial inter course between the two countries, and thus to draw still closer the bonds of friendly alliance between them. ' A dispute havlug tvisen between Spain nut! Morocco, I endeavoured by friendly means lo prevent a rupture, \- but, I regret to any, without success. I will direct papem on this subject to bo laid before you. 'My plenipotentiary, and the plenipotentiary of the . Emperor of the French, having, in obedience to their in structions, proceeded. to the mouth of the Pciho River, in order to repair to Pekin, to exchange in that city tho ratifications of the Treaty of Tien-Tsin, in pursuance o£ tho 60th articlo of that treat}-, their further progress was opposed by force, and a conflict took place between the ' Chinese force at the mouth of the river and tho naval forces by which the plenipotentiaries were escorted, The allied forces displayed on this ocoosion their usual bravery, but, after sustaining a severe loss, were compelled to re tire. I am preparing, in concert with tho Kmperorof tho French, an expedition intended to obtain redress, and a fulfilment of the stipulations of the' treaty of Tien-Tain. It will be gratifying to mo if tho prompt acquiescence of the Emperor of China in tho raodcrnto demands which -will be made by the plenipotentiaries shall obviate the necessity for tho employment of force. I have directed that papers on this subject shall bo laid before you. ' 'An unauthorised proceeding; by an officer of the United States in regard to the island of Sun Junn, bo twoen Vancouver's Island and the mainland, might liave Jed to a Berlous collision between my forces nud tlioso of ' tho United States. Suoh collision, however, has been prevented by tho ludlolous forbearance of ray naval and civil officers on tho spot, and by tho equitable mid con ?', ' - dilatory provisional arrangement proposed in his matter ; ,by the government of llie United States. I trust that the ' qneslion of boundary, out of which this nll'.lr has orison, I may boamlcably settled, in n manner conformable with ' tho just riehts of tho two countries, as d. fined by tho 1st articlo of the treaty ofl81C. 'Tho last embers of disturbance in my East Indian dominions have been extinguished. My vicoroy has mado a peaoef'ul oonurcsj through tho districts which Iioto been the principal bcciicj of disorder, and, by a judiciouB combination of finance and generosity, my authority has boen everywhere solidly, and, I trust, permanently established. I have received' from my viceroy most gratifying accounts of the loyalty nf my Indian suhjeota, and* of tho good. feeling ovincol by the native chiefs and the great land-owners of tho country, -' - Tho attention of the government In India has bojn directed to tho development of tho internal rcscurws of tho country, and I am glad lo inlorin you llint nn im provement lias taken place in its iimim-inl prrspocH 'I haro concluded a treaty with tho Emperor of Japan, and a treaty regarding 'bouudaries with the lie pnblle of Guatemala. I havo directed that these treaties 'shall be laid before you. ' Gentlemen of the House of Commons, — ' I hare directed the Estimates for the ensuing year to bo laid before you. They havo boen prepared with a vlow to place the military and naval services, and the defences of tho country, upon an effective footing.' ? ' I am glad to be able to inform you that the public revenue is in a satisfactory condition. . . ' 'My Lords and Gentlemen, — ' ' I hare accepted with gratification and pride tbo ex tensive offers ot voluntary service which I have received from my subjects. This manifestation of public spirit has added nu important element to your system of na tional defence ' Aloasurca will be laid beforo you for amending the laws which regulate the representation, of the peoplo in parliament, and lor placing that representation upon » broaler and firmer basis. , ' I earnestly recommend you fo . ro?ume your labours for the improvement of our Jurisprudence, and parti cularly in regard to bankruptcy, the transfer of land, - and the consolidation of the statutes, and such a further fusion of law and equity as may be necessary to ensure, that In every suit the rijlits of the parties may bo satis factorily determined by the court in which tho suit Is commenced. . ??'.??? 'Inm deeply gratified to observe that the great in terests of the' country are generally In a sound and thriving condition, that pauperM-n .and crime are diminished, and that throughout .the whole of my em pire, both In the United Kingdom, ray colonies, aud my possessions boyoad sea. there re'gns a spirit ofloyalty, of conlen'ment, of order, and of obedience to the Jaw. With heartfelt gratitude to tho Almighty Ruler of Na tions for these. inestimable blessings, I fervemly pray that His boneflcCiit power may guide your deliberations for the advancement and consolidation of the welfare and happiness of my people-' .' . ..'..?:. .Next in importance is Mr. Gladstone's budget, which was 'laid before a crowded house in a four liours'speech, on the 10th 'of February, and hus been greatly eulogised.1 This is the' substance of.it:—' . 'Mr. Gladstone had nn -anticipated deficit of L!),400,000 to deal with, arising from tKe' cost of our~ armaments, the cessation of the income tax, and ,tbo lapse of the war duties on tea and sugar. . To this sum he addedover two millions more, which the nation is re-' quired to sacrifice through the French treaty, the aboli tion of paper duty,, and remission of numerous,. other customs and exciso taxes, bringing up the total to LH, 508,000. To raise this amount, lie proposes to aug ment the income-tax to lOd. in- the pound; retaining duties on tea and sugar, to anticipate the malt credits, to extend tbo penny stamp system to contract notes, dock warrants, and goods imported or exported.' ' This is a bold and dashing . scheme,' but an amendment, condemnatory of its principles, and of many of its details, was to be moved by Mr. Disraeli on the 20th of February, of the result.of which we know nothing at present. But there is hardly the ghost of a chance of the financial policy of Ministers being otherwise than approved in the house, although much opposed by parties out of doors, likely fo be seriously affected b'y_ it. The geneial news' may be briefly summarises. . Lord John Russell was to introduce his Reform Billon the 1st of March. Lord Elgin .is to be sent on a' new mission to China, probably with a view to the stopping of any unnecessary slaughter of the barbarians. The extra postage on news papers overland to Australia has been abolished, on condition of our paying a. share of the Egyptian transit charges. Mr. Childera . has been returned to Parliament for Fontctract, and miile hie maiden speech on the ballot, General Brisbane, formerly.' Governor of New South Wales, is dead., ..? - The commercial is mainly this:— Money market much agitated since the departure of the January: mail. Bank discounts twice raised, first from 24 to 3 per 'cent, and then from 3 to 4 per cent, at which last figure it stood when the Benares left. Consols, 1948, and Victorian debentures, 11 0J to in. ? i ,-?...-?? ' / ? ? ' . - ? :? Imports of the precious metal during the month, L2 022,871; and exports, L3,370,475. 'Great anxiety 'felt about our gold coining forward. About L420,000 worth of Australian gold at sea. Thinos ! look- threatening on the continent.' France wants to annex Savoy and Venice to the Empire, and Sardinia denies all intention' of sur rendering Savoy. The' English government has made a proposal to settle the Italian question by pacific means, and' France in the main assents,' but Austria aad Russia reject the proposal. The French troops in Italy are in readiness to march, and Venetia is gorged with Austrian soldiers, and placed under martial law. A conspiracy in- 'the' Neapolitan array has been discovered, and all that is transpiring in the Peninsula from Cicily to Venicia, portends a' speedy renewal of ; the war. Meanwhile, arrangements were proceeding in Piedmont and the Central States for carrying' out the annexation project, and Victor Emmanuel had been received with great enthusiasm at Milan. .The linkers had been suppressed for publishing tho Pope's encyclical letter to the dignitaries of the Church, and other papers had shared the same fate. The Pope addressed a letter to the Emperor Napoleon, in answer to the advice lately tendered by Ills Imperial Majesty to His Holiness, and this the Independence Beige publishes at length. An influential Hungarian deputation had been sent to Vienna, aud were captiously refused an audi ence. Order is maintained in Rome with great difficulty, and Sicily was daily expected to be in insurrection. This exhausts the continental news for the present, but the next mail, perhaps, will help uato some unravo'ling of the complications. The Spanish war. in Morocco was going on, but the Moors were showing a disposition at length to sue for peace. .,;,.''.. ' . 