ADJOUENED MEETING OF THE BENCH ^OF MAGISTRATES. ' ' Satdeday. Mabch 24. Present— Messrs. H. Mildred, J.P, (Chairman), S. Tom kinBon, J.P., S. Beddome, P.M., the Mayor of Adelaide, A. Blyth, J.P., Gr. Hamilton, J.P.. A. Watts, J.P. APPLICATIONS FOR RENEWAL OF OLD GENERAX UCEIfCES* William James Forrester, Bow and Arrow. River Gilbert. This application had been adjourned from last meetingforthe attendance of Mr. Forrester. A memorial was read signed by Messrs. C. B. Fisher, E. M. Bagot, and many respectable persons in support of this application. The Bench Intimated to Mr. Forrester that a complaint had been handed to them of the want of fodder and convenience for stabling.— Granted on conslaeratum of applicant pro mising he would give more accommodation tor the reception of horses in future. John Griffiths, Lefevre's Hotel, Peninsula. Adjourned from hist meeting for the attendance of Mr. Griffiths. Ap plicant's wife attended, and stated that her husband was at the lighthouse.— Granted. John Heed, Albion Inn, Adelaide. Mr. Bruee appeared to support the application. The Inspector of Police reported that the applicant's house was the resort of proBtituteB and thieves ; also that the men Hyde and Miller were lodgers at this house at the time of the Black Swan robbery ; also, that Mr. Heed was the land lord of two cottages at the rear of his premises, which he let to prostitutes. The police also reported that a search warrant had been issued to search the applicant's house. Mr. Beddome intimated to the Bench that, in justice to Mr. Heed, he could state that no stolen property was found; ia Heed's house, and that there was not the slightest grounds for suoh proceedings. He thought it would be very objec tionable u the Bench took that into consideration. The Chairman said he should like to examine the police on the conduct of the houses Police- constableJEyendale stated, that there wag a large room at the Albion which was kept open for the accommo dation of prostitutes of the lowest class, and they remained there till li o'clock in the evening. There were also two cottages at the back of Mr. Heed's premises, which he be lieved belonged to Mr. Heed, and they were inhabited by several prostitutes. He had frequently heard noise in these brothels. By Mr. Bruce — Do not know whether the lease of those houses are in Mr. Heed's hands or not. Do not know whether Mr. Heei lets them to prostitutes. Detective Wright stated that he knew the applicant's house to be the resort of prostitutes. By Mr. Bruce Believed Mr. Heed turns out aU noisy characters. The Chairman told -Mr. Heed that if he would promise to eject those bad characters who resided at the back of his premises the Bench would grant the licence. Mr. Bruce said he. was prepared to show that . jthe lease of those houses did not lie in the hands of Mr. Heed. If the Bench wished Mr. Heed to eject those persons who resided in them, he would take the necessary steps for doing so. Granted. John Hains, Rose of Australia, Adelaide. Mr. Bruce ap peared to support the application, and stated he should object to the cose being gone into as there had not been sufficient notice give to Mr. Hains. He hoped that the Bench would adjourn the application' for a week or place it at the bottom of the list The Chairman said that there had been sufficient notice giv«n to the applicant; also, that if the application should be adjourned the house should be immediately closed tul the licence was granted. Mr. Bruce said the notice was worse than no notice at all, inasmuch as his client had not sufficient time to bring wit nesses in support of the application. The Chairman— Shall the case be gone into or not ? Mr. Bruce— Had had no notice of opi-osition on the part of the police. The Chairman said the cose should be gone into. - *' Mr. Bruce said he had also heard that the police had com plained of the house being kept open after hours ; but could ' produce the permission of two justioes of the peace to d j so. The permission was signed by E. J. F. Crawford, J.P., and JobnLazar, J.P., itliad also been signed by Mr. Jones, a District Council Chairman. Mr. Beddome, P.M., stated that if any case of that description came before him he should not entertain it The Clerk read the llth clause of the Licensed Victuallers Act, which states that in case of a ball being held in any public-house, permission can be given to the landlord of such house to keep open after hours, if signed by two Justioes of the Peace, or a Chairman of any District Council, as the case may be, providing that such. Justices of the Peace are not malsters, brewers, or importers of wine and spirits. ' ?????? . -? ^ . ' The Chairman considered that the Act did not allow of any Chairman of a District Council exercising his privileges jeyond the bounds of his own District - It was not intended that the Chairman of auy district should come to the city to grant such permission. . ? Mr. Bruce intimated to the Bench that, the applicant would for the future have such permission properly signed, v Licence refused. . ; Leonard Lovegrove, Drover's Inn, Lake Alexandrina. The Clerk read a report signed by two Justices ot the the Peace, residing at Wellington, to the effect that Love grove was a man of bad character, and; consequently, not fit to receive a licence. - . Mr. Cullen, who appeared for Mr. Lovegrove. produced a memorial signed by upwards of SO of the most respectable inhabitants at Wellington, who spoke to his general good character and integrity, also intimating that they would be sorry that any opposition should be offered. Refused. Mrs. J. E. Sanderson, Saddle worth inn, Saddleworth. Mr. . Boucaut appeared to support the' application, and stated that it bad been adjourned from last meeting, on a very trivial account— it was, that the notice had 'not been placed on the door. He hoped the Bench, would take into consideration the untimely death o'f Mr. Sanderson, which occurred lately. It could not be supposed that, under such circumstances, the same care and attention would be evinced as might otherwise haye been1 expected. He hoped the Bench would not refuse the application, as in so doing it would be depriving Mrs. Sanderson of h»r only means of subsistence. He produced a memorial- numerously and respectable signed to the effect that by refusing the licence it would be a great inconvenience to persons residing in the township and neighborhood of Saddleworth. Granted. : Thomas Movie, Hamilton Hotel, Hamilton; no opposi tion. Granted. . Charles Cornwall, Rising Sun Inn, Adelaide. Mr. JJruce supported the application. This application had been ad journed from last meeting.' Bcluseu on- account of the house not being required. . Joseph Wilson, Norwich Arms, Flinders-street. ' . A report was handed in by the Inspector of Police, stating that this house, was the resort of thieves and bad characters, and that the barman wasu Swan River man ; also that the applicant had been fined twice for keeping open after hours. Mr.' Bruce supported the application, aud produced a memorial 'speaking in high terms of the proper and well behaved manner in which the applicant conducted his house, also a character signed by Samuer Davenport, Esq., who re presented Mr. Wilson as a proper aud well -behaved man ; Mr. Bruce stated in reference to the barman, he could bring witnesses to prove that the barman was the person who originally kept the house, and only stopped at Mr. Wilson's as a lodger. ??- ? Granted. .--... Samuel Crafts, St. Vincent-street, Port Adelaide. Mr. Cullen supported, the application,, and handed in a memorial signed by Captain Douglas, E. G. Collinson, Alfred French,' ami many other respectable persons, who stated that the applicant was a steady, sober, aud industrious man, also hoping that the Bench would not refuse the licence. Refused. . ? . Bell Freeman, Light Bridge Hotel, Light Bridge. .A letter was. read from G. M. Waterhouse, Esq., who stated that the accommodation at this house was excellent. Granted. - '? ?'?--.?' James Neville, Falcon Inn, Wright- street, Adelaide. Granted. John Watts, Gilbert Arms, River Gilbert. A memorial was read ia support of this application, signed by 0. B. Fisher, E. A. Wright, and many other respectable persons, recommending, the renewal of the licence, and by refusing it would be a great inconvenience to the public travelling in that part of the-colony. Granted. - , ? . ? ? 3\. B. McPherson, Bushman's Camp, Wellington. Granted.' ►:??.. - :????? G. Walli?. Princess Royal Inn, Port Adelaide. Mr. Crawford informed the Bench that the whole family had left the colony, consequently the application was not sustained. Refused. : . . SEW APPLICATIONS FOB OLD HOUSES. Robert Chapman, Miner's Arms. K&punda;, Refused. Charles Franklin, Devon Arms, Adelaide. The applicant producing ne memorial, the licence was refuged.with leave to apply next quarter ; tiie Bench intimating that new appli cants should always have a memorial signed by the inhabi tants in the neighborhood of the house, to the effect, that such house was required. John Fennell, Glen Hotel, Sheaoak Log. A memorial was presented to the Bench in support of this application stating the house was -well conducted and sufficiently large to ac commodate travellers. Refused. . Samuel Higgins, jun., Lord Melbourne Inn, North Ade laide. Granted... : - James Lee, Victoria Inn, Victoria Township. Granted. John Montin, Star Inn, Adelaide. Granted. William Shirre]l, Blacksmiths' Arms, Adelaide. A me morial was presented in favor of this application. Granted. Frederick August Jawser, Duke of Brunswick, Adelaide. Refused, application made too late. James Nicholas Wearn, Cross Roads, Dry Hill. Granted. William - Palmer, Governor MacDonnell, Adelaide. Refused. Palmer Ockendon, Commercial Inn, North Adelaide. Granted. : Elkanah Langmead, Travellers' Rest* -Logan's Hut. ' The opposition was that there was already sufficient accommo dation for the public in that neighborhood. Refused. Thomas Jellett, Sussex Hotel, - Apgas-street, Adelaide. Granted, William Hercombe, Altona Hotel, Flinders-street. Refused. ? . ? . At this stage of the proceedings Mr. E.J. F. Crawford stated that he quite agreed with the Bench with regard to the refusal of permissions to keep open after hours. He thought the practice very injurious. : -'?'-? Mr. Beddome,. P.M., said that if publicans were brought before him charged with keeping open after hoars, he did not care whether permitted by Justices of the Peace, or not, he would not entertain the excuse. Mr. S. Tomkinson.J.P^ considered that such permissions were very injurious in every point of view. A C.pSTiT Depaetment.— In the seven years, .from 1853 to 1859 inclusive', the Denominational School Board have received, in subsidies from the' public Treasury, the .handsome total of £508,980 17s. 3d., or something over half a million sterling. . 'Within the same period its schools . have increased from 125 to 451, audits scholars from 9,517 to 30,555. The cost of each scholar to the State has, in that time, in creased from £1 5s. 8id. to £2 93. per head ? and the total cost per head, from £2 9s. 8£d. to £3 13s. lOd. — the diarge on the parents remaining much as it was at first. In explanation of this increase in the expenditure .per head, the- Board state in their report, that the gold discoveries having 4 greatly dispersed the population, small country schools became of necessity more numerous, and of course also teachere .became more numerous- in proportion to- scholars. Perhaps this is a perfectly satisfactory account- of what would, otherwise seem to. be a dubious fact. But, 'indeed, the annual reports of the Boards, of Education nfford- very little clue to the manner in which the large sums placed at their dis posal hare been distributed. The public must just take the statement in the aggregate, and be thankful. We have had so much juvenile education for- so much money,- and,' no doubt, it is ''all right.' Half a million in seven years is -certainly a good round sum to have passed through the hands of an unknown and irresponsible Board. But there is no positive evidence thdt it has been expended in any but the most economical and efficient method, as far as the youth of the country are concerned. — Melbourne HeraM. - Eloqxtence of a; Yankee Advocated— The fol lowing plea of a spread-eagle lawyer needs no com ment:— 'Gentlemen of the jury— ^he Scriptures saith, 'Thou shalt not kill!' Now if you Tiang my' client you transgress the command as slick asgreese, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gen tlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why; you should do bo ? No 'such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do' his duty' ; but that will not exonerate you ! No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day? Who, freeman — who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge;iny word, not oiie of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in- Ms pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my unfor tunate client, and the scaly alligator&-of remorse will gallop through the internal principle animal viscera, until the spinal vetebrse of your anatomical construc tion is turned into a, railroad for the grim and gory, goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Beware, I say, of meddling wittf the eternal preroga tive! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you, by the name of women, the mainspring . of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmi gration, to do no murder. I adjure you for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder. . I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipa ted country! I adjure you, by the American eagle that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now . sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you expect free dogs not to bark at you— if ever you expect to wear boots male of the Eocky Mountain buffalo-Hind to sum up all, if you , ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled downtoindistincti bility, acqnit my client and save' your country.' The prisoner was acquitted. — Ontario Times. — ♦ Exaee's Cahi and Equi Deome. — This popular place of entertainment continues to increase in its attractions. Last Saturday afternoon the second per formance for. the gratification of the :boys and girls went ofi with eclat before a very crowded audience ; the even, ing being devoted to the. more masculine feats of jugglery, legerdemain and quadrupedal wonders. On Monday evening the -enterprising manager, determined that the encouragement lie has received since lie pitched his. tent in Adelaide should be marked by some sign of his wish to return a compliment for* past favors, brought out the talent of his company in an extraordinary degree. The. performer^,' including the monkeys and dogs, all seemed to enter into the sentiment of their chief right heartily, quite exceeded themselves, and called down -the enthu siastic plaudits of the audience ; but when the middle of the programme had been got about half through, a new and extraordinary novelty was introduced quite in a different style from any other portions of the sport. It was a feat by one of the Messrs. Klaer with a globe. A line of deal planks was formed reaching irem the ground at one end of the tent, and continued in an ascending line through the place, some portions of it nearly touch the ceiling. It was not a straight line, but as it progressed upwards it was made to take an angular direction to the right and the left, and then again back to a middle point, and there again took another turn, exhibiting in its whole course such intricate and difficult points of pas sage, that to the spectators it seemed a most hazardous feat for ordinary walMng ; but when they saw Mr. Klaer jump on one of the large globes, and t- averse the whole distance, gradually advancing up the incline with {he ball under his feet and presently at the top, just under the ceiling, poising his body in mid air, with one foot on the ball and the; other beating time out in space to the music which was playing below, the wonder of the spec tators reached its height. The order and decorum which' marked Mr. Smith's management when the -exhibition was first opened, characterize each successive per formance. , . ' 