HUNTING. MELnOWnKG IIU3IX CIXIl TtOXTtOH. Dkau Bku,— On Saturday lust we met at tlio Hun ters' Rest, and although the morning was ns lovoly an one ns could bo desired, tho muster proved the smallest of tho season. However,. if. ever afield could' bo called select, it wns that which hied away ; from John Over man's hostelry nt sharp eight. Tho canso of tho slock f,,pn n\,t n«« tlin liflAvi- mn flu ri h f? tliu week, and thoi unpromising, look of (the weather overnight.; although Iho effects on' -the horseflesh, of the very, heavy run nt tho 'last meet had' Eomowhat to do with kseping away eomo of the , ,ro guiars, Tho master drow in the usual direction, and a beautiful sight it was to witness how tho darlings spread out in the heath, and with noses glued to tho ground searched in 'every direction for, a' traco of tho desired quarrj-. ' Tho pack was a larger ono than usual, for tho pick of tho Gcelong hounds had been left nt our kennels for A' time in corisequonco of certain unpleasant matters connected with their late huntsman, and it seemed as if thero were a'sort of rivalry between the canino lots as to which should first find us sport. Nor was it long teforo a challenge was given, answered, and a warm scent taken up. Busy as bees, the entiro eighteen couple and a' half assomblcd in a body to discuss the doubtful ques tion, and quickly deciding in the affirmative, away they dashed at a merry bat. In a very few minutes burst the long-tailed 'un was viewed, and old John at onco declared that it was the samo teaser who so frequently has given Us a dance In vain. Nevertheless, Mr. Watson deter mined to have another, try to secure his brush, and cheered on the' hands to try their best. But tho cunning df tho often huitcd lohbcr was too much for our patience, for he kept running porpotual rings through heavy brush' and wot marshes, and it was thought o«st to 'ding' him. A lino was then taken for the Oaltleigh countrv, and in about an hour two kangaroos, largo nnd small, wcro tally-hoed away. The little fellow went to the left, towards the paddocks, and ihe boomer 1 0 the right over the open. Tho hounds settled on tho former, and racod away at a strong pace ; but the master preferred tho bigger game, and had thorn whipped off, thofnsk being oyaio means easy, so eager were thoy in pursuit. When at last recovered, and laid on the intended quarry, thoy. made good terms with his trail, and in melodious ' chorus streamed anny. Kvory horseman was close up at tho start, and they kept together in goodly company, ns mile after mile of scrub was galloped over without a check of moro than five seconds duration. The direction was at first to tho left of Oaklcigh, and there the flier made for Cheltenham, being at ono time straight for Mordi alloc. For about a dozen miles, the going had been all over the open, but tho lino now changed to the right, and took us over two or three easy fences, when n check occurred. The hounds soon cast themselves right, even beforo tho horses could get their wind, and off \v« were again.. A rasping two-railcr then loomed ahead, and tho pace was too good to shirk It; so at it nearly all the men went, tho only unfortunate who was disap pointed in getting over being the hon. sec. A still moro formidable jump was cleared at tho next paddock, after managing which the scent became suddenly cold. By dint of slow and careful hunting, a ring was run back over thos.ime fences, and the jumping of tho nags, and pluck of their riders, was most admirable. On drnwing tho heath, in hopes of the gamo being planted, a fresh kangaroo sprang up, and gave us n lively sail}' over somo practicable timber for a few miles ; but wo lost him in the heavy fcrul), the hounds being too tired to press him hard enough, As tho distance now from town was at least sixteen miles, nnd man and beast had had a tolerable benefit of hard work, tho master thought it best to call off, and atcer tho nearest courso homewards, nor did any differ in opinion with him. I may mention that tho field consisted of twenty-one, and that every ono was up. Some of the outside prads jumped re markably well, especially one called Gaylong. Take it altogether, tho sport was extremely good, and the country quito new to us. In conclusion, Ut ma add that an emu has beon seen iunning wild in tho neigh bourhood of Kcys's paddock, and next week, perhaps, tho hounds may como upon his trail — if so, a most ex citing hunt may bo expected. NIMROD'S GHOST. 