TBK HOBBES EMQAGED H» THE SXCOMD CHAMPION BAOE. " i MO UAIH&TAT.; CBr VóixioEüB.-B. Lt. V.) . .Mainstay, bred by Mr Hastings 'CasDingbam, in 1827, ls Sportsman out of ( órapton Lucy. Spot tsman a bar horse, bred in New ¡Sooth Walo« in 1840, by Mr M'Gowan, i's hy Waverley Ont of Jessy by Mu'evson, grand dam by Day Carn'erton, out of a pure Arab maro'. Waverley was also foiled In New South Wales, ¿nd was got by tbe Imported horse St George, ont of Splendors, likewise imported i he was sent to Vic» loria about this time last year, and was purchased al Kirk's BiBBnr by Mr Barber, for three hundred and ninety pounds i Waverley is most famed ns being the siro of Veno. Jessy, Sportsman's dara, also gave ..birth' to the famous Samson i Mina, the dom of Mr-George Watson's Templar j Huntsmen i vehiti>n| b'pldcr> J.es slna, who was hero with,Zoo in the aprlrjg t and Samson, junior. Tho Brat appearance af Sportsman os the Home* bush turf was in 1852, when he came eût for the Maiden Plate, meeting Seducer And other superior horses, and proving himself at once the fast ana game animal that his af er career confirmed, Il wah very seldom that he waa ever benton, and thea from fatigas in .travelling long ditteeces up the country, or from Utnpo'rtry lameness caused by tho flint-like bnrdnesk ci* Ilofttelmsh. Bis greatest performance, to far, sk tfaohoy and- excitement wont, waa ra his match of two bnlleit. W/o.monkeys to nco, egslatt Oooraccin, an animal then fe' bli prime, nod «npfMieJ, to ba almost invincible, after his' hating about I,distanced st large field of good horses for tito Leger. Both atrlripod like .»tars, but Sportsman bad tbe beat of it tho whole way. , Ilia torn of apeed and staying qualities may be welt imagined by those who havo seen Samson, his half-brother, perform tit Melbourne and clio where, when I mention that Sportsman always could and always dbi heat bim at soy distance up to three mites. Sportsman was brought to this colony about sis. years ago, and is now standing st tho Glenelg. Of Compton Lucy, I .can tel! yon but littlo i abe was bred in Tasmania, ant) was bronght to this colony by Mr George Brown, about seven years baok. Mr Canning, ham purchased Her of him for no very heavy amount, and tbs mare remained Iii his hand« until Mr Power, a settler in the neighbourhood, became possessed of her. She is said to be well bred, if not thoroughbred, bat on this head deponent knoweth not ; she shows .breeding abtut tho head and neck, but otherwise one would not take her to be a blood mare. Mainstay ia a bright bay gelding, with black point«, and stands about 15 hands 2 inches, with great power, and looking moro like a four-yr-old than a two-yr- old. He has a long plain head, very like his siro, but if I icmcmber rightly, some of the liett horses in Kngland had large beads, especially all tho Melbourne stock. West Austra- lian to wit Mainstay has a beautifully formod neck ind shoulders, very powerful fong arms, good flit legs, with bis; back tendons, Well proportioned pasterns, and ex- cellent feet, great depth of girth, with mott powerful loins t his quarters are strong but somewhat short, with well-fashioned hips ; he is rather light just .aborq the hocks, which aro large nnd well-formed, but I should like them better if they wpre a little nearer the.ground ; be bas a short hack, but yet be lo'ks a long, horse withal. I feel persnaded bn can stay a distance, nod carry weight, nnd if ho be endowed with speed in proportion to hi« staying qualities, he. will be a very dangerous customer Tor the Great Sweepstakes Mainstay iras fared at Mount GI ambler, about seventeer miles beyond the border between Victoria and Sunt! Australia i and witli bis dam, was sold soon after he wa' foaled. Bis new owner seems to hare bad no extrava* Rant opinion of him, for ere he became a yearling,' be wai banded over to Mr Seymour, who exchanged a " pony' for him. The last named grew tired of his pqrchaso, anti roy hero fonnd n fourth owner, la the person of Mr De Laney Forth, who formed suoh an opinion of his colt, th«! he lavished a blt of training on him. and brought him oui at the lost Geelong meeting to oppose Dauntless, Tbc Corsair, and Beebnnter, in ibesaplingi. lie was totem in Mr J. A. Hunter's name, and Morrison was entrusted with the'monnt. Notwithstanding that the formidable Di un ticas was saddled and In tip top form, the friends ol Mainstay took * to 1 about their protege ¡ and though the favourite »on pretty much as ho liked, Mainstay ran home a good colt, and mada a show of both Buehunter and The Çorsair. On the third day of the meeting, with 5sc 6lbs ari him, he was sent against Flying Buck for the Town Plate, three mileB, but the experiment turned out a wretched failure, as the two-yr.Old not only bolted inside a post at the first turn, but was unable to pace with the champion when the two again carno into close quarters at about a mite nnd a quarter. I must not forget, how- ever, that the lightweight completely ran himself out in bis attempt to catch his opponent', and that when he did get within a length or so' of him lia was completely pumped oat. Mainstay was pulled np when it was found tbat he had not the ghost of a chance, and the Back finished Iiis journey alone. Mr Forth then took his yoong charge to Bapioyong. where Pigeon Too bent bim for the Maiden Plate ; and it was ia the Consolation Stakes at that tryst that my lord gained his only victory ; in that little skirmish the amount of tho prixe being below twenty poonda, he defeated Hopping Jack and Dolly, and de- prived himself of the privilege of claiming the allowance of 21b conceded to maidens in .the Sydney Champion Sweepstakes, ' Towards tho end of April a wealthy resi- dent near Geelong conceived the Idea of sending Mainstay for the great race ; and having arranged sb far with Mr Forth that the colt might goto Sydney, conferred with Mr Coleman on the subject, nnd' with that worthy weat into the pouads, shillings, and pence difficulty. The result of. thoir trte-a tel« was that Mainstay was sent to Fleming' lon, and after be had been in M,r Coleman's hands for a few days,.be tried him ovor three miles with tho best three bor» es he had In his stable ; and so satisfied were not only the trainer but also all who saw the trial,, that it was nt once determined to nominate Mainstay for the great event. Ere this, so little did the ring believe that any person would hare the temerity to enter such an outsider as Mainstay, that extravagant odds wara offered against him, . find I know ono person who was tulky enough to take a thousand to' ten about him. Sit.ce then he has gono up In the markst, a good bit of money having been got on Btfrom 20 to 1 to iOO t'o8, and I question now whether IO toi to monti/ could be obtained from a good mark. By the Kaogatira, which left thúTá few weeks back, he iras shipped fur Sydney, and ibiilicr ka a.r,rtvcrdv «útttout meeting with any mishap, on the evening of the.Queeu's birthday. He is non- safely housed and at workv onder the eire of Joe Carter and little (tyan, and Mr Coleman relnrned to Melbourne on Tuesday last by the City of 8yd ney. SU lt Vf ART OP UAINSTAT'S PERPORHAtfCES. As a two-yr-old he woo, Buninyong Consolation Stakes.X19 Mainstay has started four times, bas won once, and hst lost three timos. ' 