j MyZESCÁRBAVLTS PLANET. ? j Sst.-There is a peculiarity in thn'orbit of a planet sir. cumstanced as the one saan by M. Leycirbaatt on the 26th of March -last, which ia especially worthy of attention, affording-,' as ii 'does, ground fer hope that another observation ' will -very soon be possible. I allude to the great 'proportion' which the time in-, eluded -wi bia the transit limit bears- to the whole j period of revelation. .. Adopting the -elementa of; the > eiroular orbit given by M. ¿everrier -as the reaults ofi his calculations from &T.; E.escsrbau!(*a data, lt appears, that transits tiver the -san'a diso will ooour when the distance of the planet from either node at conjunction is leBS than seven anda-balf degrees, and consequently than for rather nore than a week before and after the passage through tbe node (or during-15 days io all), tbe planet may be prcrjeo ed upon tbe sun's diso for an in. I er val not exceeding four and half hours. Bemarbing that tba period of revolution fs under 20 days, it will be obvious that there is a probability of 3 to 1 in favoarof a transit taking place while the earth Temains within the limiting distance of visibility from the line of nodes, and tbii is repeated twice in each year. Ko ¡v, in 1460 tba earth will reaob tba planel'j descend- ing node at noon on the-Sad of April, Greenwich time, and the opposite, or asoending, node aeon after mid- night on the Stn. of-October; a transit may there, fare happen any time between the 23th of March and toe 10th of April, or between-the 28th of -September and the 18th of October. It ia very desirable that . the first of thees periods should not be slowed to pass wi thon t a continuous snd careful examination of the sun, by whioh there ia a high probability the planet would be re-observed within three months from the present time, and so,'the natare of its orbit being more accurately determined,' we should be better adviaed where to look for'it during the total obscuration of the sun ia ibe eolipse'of next July. Arrangements will, no doubt, te made for a thorough sorutioy of the disc w*>ile the ann is within' reach of observatories in Europe and America, but the search will necessarily be incomplete unless a similar coarse of observations at very short intervals -can.'be obtained on ah Indian or Australian -meridian, as' at Madras or' Melbourne, where -the instruments essential for the work already existan the hands of experienced astronomers, to wham intimation of M.'I>esearbault's*disoovery bas been for warded during the past-week. Probably an early refer, enoe to this eironmstanoe in the'Times may have the effect of increasing the'number of observers in those parts otftbe world. The planet of Xescarbaalt, according to M. Leverrier's elements, cannot be: seen upon the diso of the Bun ex. capt within the dates abovementfoned, so that neither the dark spot said to have been remarked in. January, 1818, nor that whioh Mr. Scott, observed about Midsum- mer, 16Í7, oan have i-asy -connection with it. There is only one observation of" the kind with which I am ac- quainted that oonld by any possibility relate to this ob- ject, and as in that -single instance there are neither measures nor other particulars to inspire confidence, I quite agree in. the opinion lately expressed to me by M. Leverrier, that saab an ?observation oannot be reoeived as a ecäentrfio f«ot. It waa communicated to the Aoademy oí Soienoes at d?aris<in December,-1899. ? The ingenuity and skill exhibited by M. Lescarbault in scouring aa complete a record of the transit of the planet as the limited means at bia disposal allowed en- title him to the.respeot of ever; astronomer, and 1 trust hia just claim to tbe merit of this discovery will never beoalled in question. It is not so much the faot of his having, undoubtedly, observed an intra-Merourial planet hat the manner iu which, under disadvantageous condi- tions, he mads 'the most of his good fortune for the benefit of soleóos, that will gain him honourable mention in its' history. <Quo pluo -difficultate,- to plut '¡honore.' To M. Leverrier's marvellous powers as a theoretical and practical astronomer we are indebted for the first in- timation that one or more planets must exist within the orbit of Heronry, snd >it was tbe publication sf bis re s?acebes on this snbjeot .which induced M. Lescarbault to make known forthwith hia . experiences on the 34th of March, 1859; Before concluding I venture to flaggest that, notwith- standing the beat chancea of observing the planet may be afforded by its transits over thediso of the san, it may be, quite possible to detect it in full daylight in certain parts' of its orbit, provided.pjwerful instruments are employed: with miaute attention to fooat adjustment and the pro-j per though not over.diminution of the glare of sunlight! by dark glasses. . Mr. Bishop's Observatory, Regent's Pali, January-14. j CHLOBIKE ¿s A. DiBrNEEOTANT.-The ohlorida of lima, usually employed aa a means -of disengaging oblorino, has, beside its prloe, tbe inconvenience of being rather rapidly exhausted. M. Lambosy, a Frenoh chemist, proposes for a Substitute a cheap and simple: preparation,'consisting of .common salt, red lead, sal pbario aoid and «old water. The'rad lead.is mixed with the salt, and ! introduced .into a-bottle full of water; the eulphurio aoid .is added afterward gradually, and shaken at intervals. By this proaess, -sulphate of lead is formed and precipitated, and sulphate, of soda, and chlorine remain dissolved in the water. The chlorine, which gives the liquid a yellow colour, ia disengaged aa soon es the bottle is opened. To produce a more- rapid dial jagemsnt, the liquid ia poured into flat.plates so as to offer a large surface for evaporation, A OnOBT STOUT.-For three weeks or a month' the family of Mr. Martin, Aahford- road, had been disturbed by mysterious ringings of the door 'bell,' violent shaking of tbs doors and divers other annoyances, the perpetra t rs of whioh no vigilance could deteot. and to which no olae oorold be obtained. Tb« family consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Martin, tbeir son, a yoong mao of about -20, another BOD (aa invalid) some years younger, and one female servant. Tba ' servant was a staid, domare Bort of person not given to going oat over much ; she bad no followers, had had two years' character from her last piase, abd -was so tauch respected end trnsted by ber mistress, 'that in the summer when the family went te the seaside she had Bole charge of the house. The family wer» af regalar habits, and ¿sept early hours, and the whole thin g wa s inexplicable. The effeot, however, on the- health of Mr«. Martin and her invalid BOC began ta bs serious, end the aid of the police was aalled in. For some time a policeman vas almost constantly in the house,but although tbe disturbancesdid not take p'aoe while ha was there, he bad neverleft many minutes before tbe bells were again mn?, and the doors again shaken a« violently as ever. At length, last Sunday evening, Mr. Maloney placed Sergeant Fetherstone and a cordon of police oil round the house. The policeman on the premises left about nine o'clock. In twenty minutes after the back door was shaken violently-there was no one within tbe cordon-and it was atonoe proved that'the ghost was within the bouse. The police quietly departed, and Featherstone having instituted inquiries found that the servant girl, undera steady and even a religions exterior, had long carried on a most flagrant and profligate ooreer. On being obarged with the per pitratiCQ of these abominable tricks; she, after some hesi- tation; confessed her guilt; and that some of the fellows who visited ber having come at each h:nra of the even- ing as rendered it likely that a discovery would be made; she had invented these noises sad pretended alarms from robbers io order to prevent suspicion falling upon her- self. ^Footmarks in the garden which had seemed to confirm her tales "? bad been made, unob- served, by herself ; and the boldness, cool- ness, end dexterity with whibh she so long deceived everybody was certainly remarkable. Her mistress, indeed, np to tba very moment of the discovery, wes to convinced of her innoeenoe as to be almost unwilling to test it. The girl, whoa» name is Harriet King, wat dismissed-it being doubtful whether any charge against ber could be entertained by the ma- gistrates-and her wages poid to ber relatives here on condition that she was at onoe sent home to her parents, who we hear are very respectable labouring people at Tenterden,-Maidstone Journal. SlNGVLiB TNCXDENT IT THE WnECK Oí THE TlTDIAir. About balf-an-hour after tbe vessel struck, a heavy roller eame in, and 1 fting the ship about cir feet let ber fall on the rockt?, when she broke across the middle into two parts; the bow fell over sideways, while the after part remained entire. Several persons were on the bow but were rescued by passing a rope over the chasm and battling them aft. A singular incident occurred here. An aged Irishman, who had a considerabls sam of money with him. had been insane for a week préviens, from fear af being wreaked. He would frequently pack up bis apparel, and offer anyone money to pat him ashore, prophesying that the ship would never reaoh Fortland. After the bow fell over he was seen sitting on the forecastle-deck ladder, with bia Batabel in his hand, apparently uncon- scious or unable to takeadvantige ol the attempt« made to save bim. In a little time he fell from his place, and slid acrOBs the deck into tho Bea, where be was drowned, ss he had foretold a week before.-Liverpool Mercury. AN EHTEBOB DJ TBOTJUIJ:.-3onlouque, the 'ex-Em- peror of Hayti, is staying at Kingston, but is in great trouble. Bia minister. Desalines, has created a domestic trouble by bis attentions to Soulouque'a sister-in-law, eua the ex- Emperor's temper is further soured by bis defeat*!? »t billiard-tabte. When in Hayti bia courtiers' always allowed him to gain the game, but in Jamaica til'« players are no{ so respectful. i I BisTREssnro OCOUBBIHCE-THBEC Ii VE S IOST.-it has seldom been oar daly to record a more distressing accident than that wbieh oocnrred on Sanday morning, by which we regret to say three persona have been con. signed to a watery grave. Mr. Debney, the well-known furniture manufacturer has, for some tinta past, been Staying ¡with his family at the Bay»' At' about eight I o'clock on Sunday morning the family put off from the jetty in a small boat whiob bad been manufactured upon air. Debney's premises. It was, we learn, rather roughly built, ont was nevertheless deemed perfeotly te ¡ure. The party consisted of eight, Mr. and Mrs. Debney,' Miss Debney, - three Masters Debney, Mi s Hornebrook, and a servant. The boat was ander sail, and was managed by Mr. Debney, who steered-in a direot line from the jetty, the wind being fair and dead off the land. When about a mile and a.balf, or two miles from the shore, a sudden gust of wind threw tbe boat over on her side, and from some ean«e, as yet unexplained, cap- sized i'. It is snpposed the eocident must have ooourn d in putting the craft about to turn baok, but the only one who could give any information on tba point-Mr. Debney-was too much affected yesterday at tbe melancholy bereavement to whioh he had been subjected to state how the disastrons event ooourred, or, .indeed, to : be questior-ed npon the point. Immediately upon tbe boat oapsizing i one of Mr. Debney's-sons, a youth of about thirteen years of age, got hold of one of'the paddles in his left hand, supporting bis mother at tbe same time with bis right, and swam to within half a mile of the ahora, when from sheer exhaustion he was compelled to release bis hold of bis 'unfortunate parent, and wi¡ h difficulty saved his own life. The accident unfortunately had not been observed from the ? abore, and Master Debney was the first to communicate the sad intelli- gence. Three men immediately put off from the Jetty, in a boat belonging to Mr. Baldwin, of tbe Pier Hotel, and upon getting up to Mr. Debney's boat, they found her turned completely Upside down; and the aail 'being set, assisted to keep her in that position. Afr. Debney's two little boys were forward clinging to the keel ; the Ber vant waa about midships, and Mr. Debney'was upon the stern. One of the men in the bow of-<the boat having resonad one of the little boys, directed hia atten. tion to the other, when the noble little fellow pointing to the servant girl exclaimed, " Save the woman -first.' Happily all the survivors were resonad; but Mra. Debney, Miss Debney, and Misa Hatwood, have met with a i watery grave ; it is -supposed tbat the two young ladies sunk almost at the moment the aooldent occurred. No I timA «B« lrtnt in HPAr- nriinir for ttiA rmritaa. rtitfc nn tn n Ullin nao mot m ocarviuniB lui mn uvum, uu> «ji -« «. late' : boar Hst night only Mrs. - and Miss Debney bad been found. [Sinoe the; above waa written, - we have ascertained that the body oi Mies I>3bney was found floating about two miles from the shore, and ss the boat containing it was retarnlng the body of Mrs. Debney was discovered just floated on to the beaob. We are sorry to bear that Mr. Debney, who is under the medical treatment of Dr. Stead, man, is in a very precarious state from the melancholy shock be bas sustained;]-South Australian Advertiser, February 37. ' Tax; MUTINEERS ON THE ABUT AND NAVY.-It is s singular faot that whilst hundreds of men are being brought home from India who have literally set them- selves in battle array against their officers, who, instead of punishment, are receiving considerable snms of money as bounty, and are greedily mapped np by recruiting sergeants to join the-Queen's service, there are also 108 sailors who, having been tried. in a batch and rèoeived sentence in a manner muob resembling the sentenoe on a litter of puppies pre-condemned to the horsepond, with- out reference to individual merit, are spending their Christmas in Winchester gaol. Letters from some of these men have found their woy into The Times, which display a oertain amount of calm resignation and good humour, but gire no evldeuoeiof a rebellious spirit. Th« mother of one of these prisoners says:-" He waa the best son that eyer woman bad, and never gave me a moment's trouble. Ha always allowed me IBs, a month. Poor fellow : he sent me his portrait, and here it is. It is bard not to see him at Christmas, after four years' absenoe ; and it ia hard, slr, to loss the lös." a month ; but it is harder to fanoy that he is in gaol, with his hair cutoff- poor fellow." One of this "poor fellow's" own shipmates says :-" He was too good a lad, and we never could get him to take agíase, and be never was in a sorape of any kind; he had been in the dockyard all day, and I ai no more to do with the mutiny than you or I; he was on watob, and had ruo down to change his olothes ; and when be heard the ' pipe to .quarters' he ran up, but some.of the men called out, 'Coward.?' and tripped him up, and before he got to the ladder it was taken away, 'time myself to get on deck", and but for an acoident I might now be in Winchester gaol instead of here." A .correspondent of The Tima, in drawing attention to these facts, remarks that in the name of justice all Eng. land aroused, to reverse tbe sentence of Smethursr, a man who had forfeited the sympathies of the world ; and he then asks :-" Is there no one with power, money, and influence who will advocate the reversal of the eentenoe. on these 108 men? If there be such an one, end he'bsa not the will, let not that man join in tbe prayers of the Church for "all prisoners and captives;" He suggests that the men should be must. ered, aodthat on three of them ooo fessing themselves guilty, the rest shall be pardoned and discharged before I Christmas iSay. Having bespoken the sympathy of the j public on behalf of these Unfortunate prisoners, he says : -"The fact.of these 108 men "being condemned in a lump in an off-hand court- martial may fae a good story to tell to the marines, but ie a proof that a court-martial ¡ is not a court of justice." I A GREAT RATTLE.-Think only of tbs common bach neyed expressions whioh pass f-o lightly between the lips when speaking'of a great battle. We talk exultingly, and with a certain fire, of " a magnificent -aharge," of "a splendid obarge," <yet very few will think of the hideous ! particulars these two airy words stand for. The" splendid ; obarge" is a : headlong- rash of men on strong horses urged to their fullest ? speed, riding down and overwhelming an opposing mass of men on foot. .'? - The reader's mind goes no fnrtber; being content with the information that the enemy's line1 was " broken" and "gave way." It does cot fill in the picture. To do so effectively,: we must rfcink first of an ordinary individual run down in the public street by a horseman moving at an easy pace. The I result IB, usually, fracture .and violent contusion. We may strengthen the tones' of the picture by setting this I horseman at full gallop, and joining to him a company of other flying horsemen. How will it then be wi h the unhappy pedestri n ? So when the " splendid charge" has done its work and passed by, .there will be found a sight very moah like the-scene of a frightful railway accident. There will, be the full comple- ment of backs broken in two ; of arms twisted wholly off; of men impaled upon their own bayonets; of legs smashed up like bits of firewood; of heads sliced open like apples ; of other heads crnnobed into soft jelly by iron hoofs of horses ; of faces trampled out of all like ness to anything human. Thia Is what skulk* behind a " splendid charge." This is «hat follows, ss a matter of course, when " our fellows rode st them ia style," and "cut them up'famously." Again, how often does tbe commander, writing home in bis official despa'ches, dwell particularly on ' the gallant conduct of Captain Smith, who, finding the enemy were " snnoying our right a little, got his gan" into position, and effectually " held them in obeck." Both expressions are fair draw- ing-room phrases, to he mentioned cheerfully hy ladies' lips. It is, as it were, a few flies buzzing about "our right wing," teasing and fretting " our" men. And yet, properly translated, it signifies this : that stray men of that right wing are nov and then leaping with a convul- sive start into the air, as a Minis bullet flies with sharp sting through their hearts; that stray men, suddenly struck are rolling on the ground, that a man, here and there, is dropping down quite suddenly with a shriek, his firelock tumbling from his hand; in short, that there is a Belies of violent denth.scenes being enacted up and down the long line.-All the Year Round. THE NEGIIO PANIC IN VIROINU..-The present panta which prevails in Virginia calls to mind tbe bloody delu- sion with which this City of New York was visited a hundred years snd more ago, and at the bottom of whioh then as now, lay tbe terror of negro insurrection. This city at that time contained some nine or ten thousand inhabitants, of whom twelve or fifteen hundred were _",.." "1"""" XNno Aria in <m/.»aa.,V,n «nil nf which, however, wera little more than the barning of chimneys, threw the city into an alarm abont equal to that whioh seems to have been produced by the present barn.burning; nt Charlestown. A story wss set on foot that some low whitaa had conspired with the negroes to burn down the city. It was snggested that the Catholics, of whom there were then a few resi- dent in the city-- objects of as much suspicion as Northern Abolitionists are now in Virginia-had some- thing to do with the alleged plot. Numerous arrests were made, and a aeries of disgraceful trials followed, which resulted in the burning at the stabs of thirteen miserable conricts, the hanging of eighteen more, arnols whom was a schoolmaster, sccused of being a Citholio pr.'iä* i° disguise, and tbe expulsion from the city and province" °f aerenty-one others. We trust the prevailing panic in' Virginia may not reach such sn extremity ss this, but wb"*° popular terror is once fairly excited, there ia no knoW^ng where it may stop. We trust also that in a muoh aborter space than a hundred years Virginia may be as safe against any panic based on the existence of Slavery as y* BOW are in New lort. An accident, attended wita fatal results, happened on Sunday moran g, near the Moorabool Wharf. A youth, hy the name of George Holden, in the employment of Mr..Thomas Batten, butler, Noble-street, Chilwell, waa bathing his master's horse, and, in company with another j outb, had ventured so far ont as... to be swimming the animal, when' be accidentally slipped off and was ! drowned. Some' seamen- of .the Citizen.steamer, hear- ing the calls for aid, lowered a boat, bat too late todo more than bring ap the dead.body. Dr. Shaw, waa in at I tendance shortly after the accident, but bi» skill was un- availing. An inquest was- held yesterday.'.* Verdict, " Accidental Death."-Geelong Advertiser, March 6. PJUQHTFTJI. ACCIDENT.-Yesterday, about half-past 3 o'clock, an accident occurred rn the Flat opposite tbe Catholic Chap 1, which it is much feared will end fatally.' It appears ' that a man named Kearney was carting stuff to a puddling.msohine, when',the bank under whioh he was working suddenly fell in, burying all under an im- mense body of earth ; io fact the hone's bead was ail that was visible. On the alarm being given, a number of men went to work, under the direction of Dr. Back báus,but it was atleast IS minâtes before the unfortunate man was dug out; be was dreadfully crushed and cut in several parts bf the body, and one of bis ankles was com nletelv fractured. He was at once nonvevad to th» lng. pital.bnt little bbpea Bra entertained of bia recovery. It ia thought tba unfortunate rr an fell under the cart, and waa thua preserved from instant death. The horse sustained Very little injury, although the cart was driven hy the shock from one side of the road to the other. Bendigo Mercury, Maroh 7. FBIOBTFUZ, CASU ATTY.-On Sunday morning a poor man named Edward Brgan was brought into the' hospital suffering from severe burns on his left leg and thigh and right arm; From what we can learn, tbe poor fellow, who bad been previously deprived of an .eye, and was .suffering frsm blight in the other, waa splitting saplings -in the bush, about five miles beyond Bullock Creek, some ; four or five days since, and in consequence of his im perfeot|-ilght be stepped into a bola where a stump was being burnt opt, and received the injuries under whioh he suffers. He has since been lying under a mia-mia,1 till found by a person coming down from Inglewood, who in a linly Samaritan spirit, brought him into hospi- tal.-Bendigo Advertiser. MARBI A OE STATISTICS.-A table inserted in a paper in The-Assurance Magazine, exhibits results of a rather startling character. In the first two quinquennial periods, "twenty and twenty-five, and' twenty-five and 'thirty, tbe probability sf a widower marrying in a year is three times as great as that o( a bachelor ; at thirty it ii nearly foar. times as great ; from thirty to forty.fire it is five times as great; and increases uotil, at sixty, the obanos of a widower marrying in a year is eleven times as great as that of a bachelor. It is curious to remarle, from this table, how confirmed either class becomes in its condi- tion of life-how little likely, after à fe» years, is a baohelor to' break through bis settled habits and solitary condition; and, on the other hand, how readily in pro- portion does a husband contraot a second marriage who has been deprived'prematurely of bis first partner. After the age of thirty, the probability of s baahefor mar- rying in a year diminishes in a most rapid ratio. The probability at thirty- five is not muon more than half at thirty, and nearly the same proportion exists between each quenquennial period afterward. . . ' " ARTESIAN WEIXS.-The Artesian well, at Columbus, Ohio, has reaohed a depth of over two thousand feat, with a pro«peot of again striking a sandstone stratum. This well is now the deepest in the United States, and, with one exception the deepest in the world. The fol. lowing are the depths of the fonr principal boles in the ground:-Well at Columba?, Ohio, 2326 feet; well at Louisville, Kentucky, 3086 feet; well at St. Louis. Mobile, 2100 feet ; well at Luxumberg, Germany, 2336 ?feet. VACCINE MATTES TH PAMS.-M. Depaul baa oallèd the attention of tbe French Academy of Medicine to the frequency of.failnte'in the aotion of vacoine matter pre- served in the manner recommended by the Academy. This method consists in - collecting the matter upon small discs of glass, «bich are then superimposed one on the other, the circumference being soldered with melted 1-ad. He strongly reoommenda the use of small tubes, carefully made, and accurately . sealed. These views are warmly supported by some of the most emi- nent Paris physicians, including M. Trousseau. There is also a movement in favour of vaccination and re-yaoin nation being made compulsory by order of the Imperial Government. SNAKE-BITE AKTTDOTE.-Shires, whoso antidote for snake-bite has proved itself to be tbe real thing, is still in Launceston, and has manufactured a quantity of bia. ?a iu i rum u apecino," which ne now bes for sale. We have heard of several. experiments with this antidote which prove its great effioaoy. Sbires never besitates about allowing any snakes that may be brought to him ts bite him, and ban, we have been informed, allowed fresh caught snakes to apply their deadly fangs during the present week. So important is it to the public of Tas- mania that the antidote should be atilt more thoroughlh tested that we trust whenever"any persons in the busy who are doubtful of it may meet Shires they will take the trouble to try the test be offers, viz., that cf procur- ing their own snakes and applying them to bim. We hope they will also in all casea communicate to UB or some other journal the result of their test.- Cornwall Chronicle. Â NEW PAJIPHLET IBOM MAZZINI.-A pamphlet has appeared from Mazzini, addressed" to: the routh of Italy," in which the former chief of the Bomen Be. ubli exhorts them to swell the ranks of the volunteer forces, and to demand to attsok Ferngia, as well as the ooDtin nation of the war for the deliverance of Venice. The pamphlet is written with even greater power of diction than is usually to be fonnd in the productions emanat- ing from tbr pen of the Itali' n veteran'patriot. FATAL ACCIDENT NEAR KAPUNDA.—Our correspondent writes:—"On Sunday evening last, after dark, a farmer named Levi Larvis was driving from the Gilbert in a ring cart, with his sister-in-law, (Justina Pearson) and three children. When at Ross's Creek, near Kapunda, and driving at a moderate pace, the wheel went over a stump and upset the cart, which turned completely over—two of the children and the driver being underneath. Larvis fell with his face in the dust, and with the rail of the cart on his neoc and head, and death was instantaneous; the others were not much hurt. When assistance, was pro- cured, after three quarters of an hour delay, deceased was taken into Kapunda. An inquest was held next day at the Prince of Wales, before Mr. Browne, and a ver- diet returned of accidental death."—South Australian Register, March 1. FAILURE OP, VAOCXSTATIOS.-A theory bas been ad- vanced, that the alleged more frequent failure of vaccina- tion to proteot the system against small-pox injection is owing to the virus now in UBB having become deteriorated by its frequent transmission through human bodies. ThiB theory, however, is combated by the assertion that no sufficient proof bas yet been brought forward .to establish it, and the vesicle, when proper care hsB been taken in the selection of the lymph, and in the choioe' ol tue Burjeot to be vaccinated, bas tbe same general and specific appearance that it had thirty years ago. Beside this, the constitutional affection is believed to be aa great now as it was then. It is believed to be a more rational opinion, that the chief source of the failure of . the protective energy of vaccination is the imperfect manner in whioh the opera, tion is performed. The lymph should ba selected from a perfectly formed .vesicle, in a healthy aubjeot, at the proper period, and the recipient should also be free from disease, or even from any nervous and irritable condition of the system, such aa is occasioned by teething, for in- stance. When, the operation has bean properly per- formed, as in the military service, it appears that there ÍB no more susceptibility to the injeotion of small-pox than in subjects who have aotually hsd the latter disease. It is also believed that a greater im- munity from the disease is secured in proportion to the. number of vacoine vesiolea formed, and hence a larger number of punotures should be mada than ia customary. GALVANISM rou TOOTHACHE.-A writer in the Lancit, speaking of the employment of galvsn'arr, say that he bas been io the habit of applying it in ca es of toothache during tba last thirty years, end baa relieved hundreds of cases-most of them permanently, many of them for a considerable period of time, some only temporarily, but very few not at all. The - cases whioh yield moat, easily to treatment are those. in, whioh the pain origi- nates in the tooth itself. Those in whioh the pain results from neuralgic affections require more continuous treatment; but, in eases of abscess at ; the root of the tooth, the disease is occasionally increased, and the symptoms agggrarated. Tba mode of treatment recommended is, to apply a metal diBc, covered with moistened cloth, and co: nected with the positive pole, on the back of the neck, place a similar disc oonneoted with the negative pole either on the tooth itself or gam, or passing the second disc along the coarse of the nerve and its branches exteriorly on the face. The degree of power necessary is very feeble The writer adds that, so efficacious is this remedy, that some of his own children, who suffer occasionally from defective teeth, almost make it a rale, if awake in the night by toothache, to get out immediately and excite the galvanio apparatus, and, after applying it for a few minâtes, return to their room relieved from pain, and sure of a comfortable night's rest. BABB DOMESTIC KTEJTT.-We find the following in a Scottish paper:-At Silrerhillocks, Gamrie, the wife ot Charles Wilson, of twin daughters-one bora, on the Mat December, 1669, the other on January 1,1860. 