THE NEWS OF THE DAT. Tiie mail has arrived at last ; and thus, for a timo, allayed curiosity as to tho progress of European politics, and tho proceedings of British merchants. The news contains no thing that will startle, and if there be little to produce feelings of pleasure, there is quit enough to attach an interest to future advices It seems that the war in China must proceed, the Emperor having rejected all demands, and, as it were, placed the Governments of England and France at defiance. This is the only rumor of actual war. A difference, we cannot at present, term it more, has arisen between Muxico aud the Tlnifcpd Rfufoa? find nn ifcannmo tho Government at Washington has not ac cepted the conditions offered by England for the settlement oi the San Juan difficulty ; but this last is of comparatively trifling importance. It may be useful in America, as a source of political capital, but that it can lead to anything Berious is out of oho question. Tha Americans aro wiser than to attempt a war with Great Britain. Canada, the ' brightest jewel in the colonial empire,' is making pre parations for the reception of the Princo of Wales, who is expected shortly to visit that colony, a*d thus con&ummate; an event of in calculable importance in bringing closer togetha tho connoxion between the Crown aud distant parts of tho empire. In Europe there seems to be little of importance stirring. The Budget ia still under consideration, the incorac-tax is increased, and a reaction is taking place against Lord John Russell's Reform Bill. The old country is prosperous, and her revenue m orcasiug. On the Continont events are taking their own course, aud tho ' man of destiny ' is watching the progress of what he has set in motion. Italy is tranquil, yet firm ; and France will obtain tho annexation of Savoy and Nice by the votes of their inhabitants. Another Congress, however, is to be held at Paris, and in the meanwhile things move smoothly on till tho next mail. It is difficult to foresee what that may bring.' It wa3 a characteristic indication of the par ticular ta3tes which prevail among the Victorian community when yesterday the leading feature of interest in tlio English news was tho fight between Hccnan and Saycrs. Everyll ing had to give way to this event. It was uppermost in tho minds, for certainly it was foremost in the conversation of all classes, from the lawyer and man of business to tho Bedouin and the Oracle of tho Passage. Truly that must bo a high-minded community which can havo its attention thus monopolised by a prize-fight ! Tho debate on the Land Question in the Council yesterday was again enlivened by tho not uncommon spectacle of a collision between Mr Fawkner and the lawyers. That gentleman having inadvertently or accidentally employed the term lawyer's distinction to characterise an exceedingly nice distinction made by Mr Ben nett in some expression, the latter hon. member tooK lire at cue anegeu opprobrious episnei, ana pathetically appealed to the Chairman of Com mittees for protection. No ono, however, seemed inclined to aid him, except Mr Hervoy, who gallantly rushed to the rescue, and alleged that he could say all kinds of disagreable things about Mr Fawkner, if he chose. Surely there is no occasion to disfigure the consideration of a measure, so important as tho Land Bill, by squabbles of such a nature. There is at present a case in course of trial in the Supreme Court, which necessarily leads the mind to indulge in reflections upon th-a ancient days of the colony. It is a dispute between Messr3 Wilson Brothers and Ronald M'Lachlan,as to theboundary line which should properly divide the squatting runs ot Avon Plains and Rich Avon, situate upon the Richard eon River in tho Avoca district. The evidence extends back to the year, 1845, when Alexan der Thompson, Esq , since Mayor of Geelong, and successively M.L.C. and M.L.A., in Vic torian parliaments, and ? Horsfall, Esq., of the then infant territory of Port Phillip, went out into the wilderness in Bearch of ' pastures new.' In those days of ' free selection,'' Mr Horsfall took out some 200,000 or 300,000 acres, and Dr Thompson, a more modest block of territory adjoining, and the question now is, where the one terminates and tho other begins. Tho frontiers of these shepherd king doms have grown indefinite during the interval .which has elapsed between the birth and ma turity of a practically independent nation. Through the mists which roll between us and these remote Arcadian days, we discern the majestic presence of the hon. Sir James Frederick Palmer, not yet President of a house of Peer?, hut a simple boundary commissioner, untitled, and indeed not readily to be distinguished from our ordinary man. We see the ghostlike figures of the shephord kings themselves, many of them since resolved into veritable ghosts, and others deposed from their regal state, and dwelling amongst us, or in other lands deposed princes for whom the gentle sheep no longer bears its fleece. Truly there have been wonderful changes since '45, and inestimable is the privilege we enjoy ia being permitted to behold the pioneers of Port Phillip living and moving amongst us as though they did not bolong to another ago and a con dition of society which ha3 for ever passed away. The naturo of the intelligence which we publish to day concerning the war in New Zealand, is juat sush a3 might have been an ticipated from tho manner in which proceed ings were begun, and the strange conduct dis played in the first instance by the military authorities. It appears that on our part nothing has been done. The 3000 men in her Majesty's service have been waiting tranquilly in order to allow the Maoris to complete all their preparations, and thus render the fnturo victory more honorable. The English in New Zealand can well afford to do this, as the last war and her Majesty's 00th, with Colonel Despard to wit, can well testify. The indignation that was expressed, not without cood cause, in Alburv. vvheu it bucamo known that the newly-appointed Custom House officer had commenced his duties by seizing a dray load of goods from this colony, has already been met by tho Sydney Government, and orders havo issued that farther operations will be postponed for a fortnight This mat ter will require further consideration. There is a very general and a very strong feeling existing among the people of Sydney on the expediency of talcing advantage, by the adoption of energetic measures, of the probable attractiveness of Kiandra in the spring. Mr Robertson, in the Assembly, has undertaken, even at this late period of the session, to intro duce a Land Bill rather than that the oppor tunity should be lost. The Herald, writing upon the subject, says : — 'The circumstances that ur gently demand prompt legislation on thia question are such as could not have been fore seen a short time since. The hope3 of that por tion of the population of Victoria,^ which only s few days ago rested on the early prospect of the passing of a liberal Land Law there, have been disappointed by the rejection of the free selection clause in the Land Bill now beforo the Melbourne Council. Tho conse quence is, that thousands and tens of thousands are looking with hope to New South Wales. The passing of a liberal Laud Bill at the pre sent time in this colony, would not only tend to fix large numbers of our own nomade popu lation, but would hold out such an attraction to a numerous class of energetic men and use ful colonists as would probably double our population in a short time ; and place us where, if unwise and selfish legislation had not hitherto prevented it, wo undoubtedly should have been, — at the head of the Australian colonies in population, commerce, and general progress.' Will Victorian legislators learn wisdom ere it be too late I or will they allow their Sydney neighbors to outstrip them in the attractions held out to a population already dissatisfied and disgusted with past blunder ings. The first steps towards the investigation of the affairs of the insolvent estate of Mr E. Khull, began yesterday, by a brief examination of the insolvent himself, whioh will be found reported in our law intelligence. Dr Mackay, on behalf of a Mrs Price, the widow ot a gold miner, proved a claim against the estate for L1000, which had been entrusted to Mr Khull for investment, and tho interest of which was payable at the City Bank, in London. Mrs Price went to England, and whilst there received a cheque for L40, on account of interest, but on presenting it at the City Bank was, in the words of the learned counsel who preferred the claim, ' laughed at.' Mr3 Price being unable to get either the principal or interest of her money, bad since returned to this country, but only in timo to find Mr Khull insolvent. It appoared that a further draft for interest had since been forv nrled to England, but the confidence of the MO litor, or her counsel, in this security, was so small, that, in accordance with tho pro . vision of tho insolvent law, whioh Compels all creditors to estimate tbe worth of Ihe securities hold by them, this draft was valued, but only at the nominal amount of one farthing. Undor the attractive prefix of ' Smugglers on the Coast,' a correspondent to one of the Sydney papers make3 a suggestion which it worth also tho attention of our own Govern ment. He says that during tho last two months, several vessels have cleared out at the Sydney and Melbourno Custom houses, for Guam and other nominal places, with consi derable quantities of wines and spirits. Ig it possible that some of these cargoes might be intended for somewhere nearer home than Guam ? Why not for any of tho numerous ports between Capo Howe and Sydney 1 The tempta tion is great, seeing that on every hogs head of brandy landed, there would be a saving of £30 for duty. Our Customs' revenue is de creasing rapidly, more especially on spirits ; and our country consumption is not less. It fol lows, therefore, that cither illicit distillation takes place, or that smuggling is practised on our sea board. Knowing the facility there is far this kind of work, from— I was almost going to say, practical experience — I recommend our Government to keep a sharp look-out to wind ward, and if they want thoroughly to protect their revenue, to plaoo a cruiser on the coast, between this and Twofold Bay, with orders to search all the inlets which are frequented by our colonial small craft, whon possibly they will find something worth looking for. Mr Benson is dead, aud Bendigo mourns — mourns for the dead, though it would not lend a helping hand to the living. He who was a faithful aud earnest representative in the old Legislative Council, who worked hard by day and night, and to his own injury spent all he had in seeking to serve tho public, has been allowed to pass away in hia old uge through disease brought on by destitution, and want of tho .actual necessaries of life. Well, comment is of little worth where these things are per mitted. Yesterday ovening Mr W. Dobson, a certifi cated teacher of tho tonic sol-fa method of singing, delivered a lecture on the theory and practice of music in connection therewith, at tho Independent Chapel, Grattan street, Carl ton. The lecture was an interesting one ; but an unusual advent of news will not permit us to give more than a cursory notice. After comparing the old notation, with tho tonic (Curwen's) sol-fa systom, which commences by an investigation of the -nature of music, and then proceeds by a system of nota tion to represent it, the lecturer entered into a more detailed comparison of the, at present, three most approved musical notations — the ordinary scare, Wade's numerical system, and j the tonic sol-fa sy»tem, of which last the advantages are — first, a pictorial scale or mo dulator for teaching ; second, a moveable key note in place of a fixed one ; and third, a system of musical shorthand by which music may bo written down as quickly as the words of a piece can bo read. At the conclusion of his address the lecturer referred with satisfaction to tho rapid progress which the system, already established in all districts and denominations of tho United Kingdom, is making in this colony. lie stated that classes have been established at the Carlton Band of Hope on Monday evenings ; at tho Independent Church, Victoria Parade, on Wednesday evenings ; and at the Independent Chapel, Cecil street, Emerald Hill, on Friday evenings ; and he now proposed to establish a class in the building where he now addressed them, on Tuesday evenings. At the conclusion of the lecture upwards of twenty persons joined the proposed class, and it was aeolared duly con stituted. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the lecturer. Those who find pleasure in the silly case3 that sometimes aro brought into our law courts, if any such thero bo on Ballaarat, must have been fully gratified on Monday, by an action brought by a lithographer in that town against a Mr Marshall, an undertaker, forLl9 10s 6d, for show cards, &c;, It appeared that Mr Marshall, being desirous of pushing his busi ness, made a bargain with the plaintiff for a lithographic plan of his premises, with the Cemetery and a few imposing head stones neatly grafted into the plan _ in perspective, and a hearse and mourning coach, and all the necessary requirements to make an imposing funeral corteje moving as-' it were to their destination. When the show cards were finished, defendant expressed him self in glowing terras as to the very artistic manner in which the work was executed, and forthwith ordered gilt frame? to be made for the lithographic exhibition. Theso were duly sent to ail the principal public- houses in town, and hung up in the bare ; but one day some sympathetic friend rushed into the defendant's shop, and in his own words, said that tho litho grapher had ' wroto him down an ass.' An explanation followed, and after a minute in spection of tho show card, it was then disco vered that ' Marshall ' was metamorphosed into ' Marsall' ' hearses ' into ' harses and eomns plain ana mounted was aDDre viated into 'coffins plain mounted.' For these and some other causos the defendant refused to pay the bill. The bench suggested a compromise, but this was not acceded to, and ultimately the magistrates struck L5 53 off the bill, and made an order for tho Valance. A correspondent at tho Lower Murrumbidgoo announces that Mr W, Lockhart llorton is now on a visit to that part of New South Wales, making observation on climatology. Ho carries all necessary instruments on pack horseB, and is now travelling on the plains between the Lachlan and the Barling, a distrot of country about which very littlo ia known. Yesterday Mr Samuel Turner, J.P., ocoupied another than his wonted position at the East Collingwood Police Court. Instead of per forming his magisterial functions, ho appeared boforc the bench charged, under the Va?rait Act, with being drunk and having grossly in sulted Mr Kidney upon his own premises on Saturday evening last. The charge was fully proved, and the bench fined Mr Turner L10 and L5 53 costs, or in default three months' imprisonment, Mr Fawkner, at the same time, remarked that it was most painful to see a magistrate in such a position, adding that the depositions in the case would be forwarded to the Attorney-Genoral, with the view of endea voring to effect his removal from the position ho had so disgraced. About 200 persons, as we are informed by the Star, mot in a social gathering at Ballaarat on Monday, in connexion with the Evangelical Lutheran Church; Several clergymen of other branches of the Protestant Church were pro sent. After tea the Reverend Pastor Gothe, of Melbourne, was called to the chair, and a beau tiful extempore prayer having been offered up by tho Rev. Mr Walker, the chairman bore tes timony to the laborious exertions of the Rev. PastorNiquet among the German population of Ballaarat. They cauie from tho land of Luther, and were proud to belong to tho church of Luther, which taught the grand doctrine of justification by Faith. In 1853, there was not a single Evangelical Lutheran Church in the colony : now they had one in Melbourne, in Geelong, Ballaarat, Ben digo, Smythesdale, at the Grange, and various other parts of the colony. In Melbourne they had also a monthly German magazine, which was pacing its expenses. They had also schools aud schoolmasters, and a depflt for Ger man books, and they had every reason to be thaukful for the great progress they had made. Tho Rev. Pastor Niquet next addressed the meeting, and having alluded to his connection with the aborigines aud tho vicissitudes which ho encountered in the colony, hi3 arrival on Ballaarat, and visits to his countrymen in tents and in the bush, he spoko of the kindness whioh he had experienced from all sections of Protestants here. He was followed by the Rev. Mr Millard, who said he was proud that the spirit of catholicity which he witnessed pervaded the various evangelical sections of the church on Ballaarat. The va rious epeeehes were translated into German by tho chairman. Several other persons addressed the meeting, after which a collection was made, a hymn sung, and the proceedings terminated. One of those unfortunates whose sad career, when reviewed in a moment of relief from the delirium of drink in which they live, leads almost inevitably to self-destruction, was brought up yosterday, charged with attempting to poison herself. As is frequently the case with those unacquainted with the operation of mineral poisons, the very determination of the would- be suicide defeated her object, since she swallowed a quantity of arsenic sufficient to destroy twenty people. Being conveyed to the Hoi nital. the stomach duuid was resorted to, and so successfully, as to enable her to appear yes terday before Mr Sturt. It is questionable whether the escape she has had from the worst possible form of death, will operate at a suffi cient inducement for reformation ; and still more doubtful whether, in tho absence of a Re formatory, the opportunity of that amendment will be permitted to her. A very able and interesting lecture was de livered last evening, at the Congregational Church, Victoria Parade, by Mr E. Langton, relative to the recent attacks made_ by tho Argus on tho Christian missionaries in New Zealand. Mr Langton verysuccessfully rofuted the assertions and statements of the ' mislead ing journal,' fortifying his position by copious extracts from the speeches and despatches of Sir George Grey and Governor Ilobson ; and also from the work of Air Swainson. Tho lecturer was very attentively listened to, aud was frequently applauded by a large and highly respectable audience. In acknowledging a vote of thanks, unanimously accorded to him, ha said he knew that in attacking the Press, ho had placed himself in the position of a man who gets into the pillory for others to pelt at ; but he felt it to be his duty to come forward and prove the falsity of toe allegations put forward in tho Argus, and he was prepared to abide by the consequences. The disembarkation of camels that was intended to take place ye3terday at Sandridgo Rai2way Pier, has been postponod for some days, in order to give the public every facility of inspecting thia splendid addition to our Vic torian quadrupeds. We may mention, in case any ladies should feel inclinod to see theso noble creatures, there is not the slightest danger to be apprehended, as they are all remarkably .mi A rumor prevailed in legal circles yesterday to tho effeot that thero was a probability of a civil suit at law for libel being instituted against the proprietors of tho Argus news paper. The predicted plaintiffs are tho firm of Messrs Ilolmea, White and Co., and tho subject matter of the alleged libel was said to have ap peared in a leading article published in the columns of our contemporary on Friday last. A sturdy Swede, evidently once a fine stal wart laborer, was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, as an escapee from the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum. Of course the Bench had no alternative but to remand him to that un pleasant domicile, though his piteous entreaties to see some lawyer about L42 which he wa3 entitled to, and not to be sent back to the Asylum, moved the compassion of all who heard them. Scarcely had he boen conveyed from the Court, ere he returned to make a second appeal to Mr Sturt, complaining that they wanted to handcuff him, and begging to be allowed to accompany Air Sturt to his house. Of course the worthy magistrate did not permit the entrance of such a visitor, but he spent a considerable time in reassuring the lunatic that he had nothing to dread from a return to the Asylum, and eventually promised to pay him a visit on the following day re lative to the forty-two pound mystery. 