HUNTING.. XII R lOHfV FIIIK BAY, WITH XII E MKJUKHJil.XK A»]- Ci£KX,Ol*G Dhaii Biux, — Thorcturn 'joint field day' ofthesetwo Hunt Clubs came off last Saturday, and rnro sport was afforded the lucky fellows who wero well mounted enough to keep wiibin sight of tho united packs. The meet was in the favourite Oaklcigh country, where tho.best runs of this season have been had, and the, memory of past good luck served as an extra- inducement to many to appear at the cover side. A day or two previous, a rumour got afloat that 1 the Geelong i luunds would not come, ns a mistake had been made about the fixture ; but the hon. see. of the. III. H. C. at once communicated with II r. \V. Friuer, the chairman cf tlio brother . club, and received the immediate reply that 'all was sereho.' This pleasing intelligence promptly restored the drooping spirits of ; those who had given special: orders for extra-grroming and high-feeding their nags, beeswaxing their saddles',: brightening bits and stirrups, polishing lioots, immacu lately whitening tops, and filling pocket pistols with 8u|ier6trong 'jumping powder.' Everybody eaidto overybody else that thoy wero always sure it was only a' false' alarm had been raised ; and each Melbourne hunter was put on the qm vive if he chanced to meet Mr. Wat son, uy the order of '.' Mind you go straight to morrow, old fellow, and show what onr boys can do!' ' At noon, on Friday, it was posted at Kirk's bazaar that the fix ture would be duly carried out at eight o'clock the next; morning, and that a friendly dinner would take' place the same night at tlio ' Globe.' Early in tho afternoon,' tho Geelong hounds, and somo of tho ifWc of their fol lowers, arrived by train, and whilst the canines w'eie at once jogged off to our own kennels at St, Kilda, the corn foils of their human nnd equities companions* were as carefully looked after in town. At seven o'clock a goodly number of tho choice spirits ef the two clubs assembled round host Hooper's well-spread board, and enjoyed just such a friendly and reasnnithly 'convivial evening its mjide the heart pulsate, but left the brain cool. 'Many of the favourite horses had been sent away over night, but long beforo daylight on Saturday the police nv.in on Princes brldga. and; tho toll-keeper at tho St.' Kilda road gate, were surprised from their semi-sleep by such a succession of equestrians and vehicles bb must have made then think the county of Bourko had gone hunting mad. ' Thoso who were on 'Ciuterlng backs, or* driving buggies or dog-carts, overtook in each mile some less fortunate wight carefully riding bis animal to cover at a walk ; and lots of chaff was scattered on the way Bide as ono or the other bandied words en passant. Seven had been namod as the breakfast hour at tho Oakleigh, hotel, and the knowing ones made a push to reach the tryst by that time, wull guessing that it would be ' first' come first served,' for both man and horso. An excel lent feed was found ready, and the way Bomo of the men walked Into tho hot mutton showed that thoy were cooJ app'reciators of other saddles than those mado of pigskin. As party after party arrived, and found the table already, occupied, places began to be worth a premium, and. lucky each man thought himself as he obtained a vacant seat by dodging or struggling. The ' Ghost,' who by no means pretends to havo ethereal habits at grubbing time, was ono of the first to got through his ration, and then rallied forth to ' tako a lunar' at the outside as semblage. Shade of Nimrodl what a lively scene was prcsonted. Horses of all sorts, shapes, and sizes, were being led about by men, and boys, and' hobbledehoys I Here a private groom hud bold of two in one hand, and three in tho other; whilst there a youthful kid fearfully, clutched more reins than his dirty fingers could hardly clasp 1 The unfortunate ostler, whose office Is generally a sinecure as regards visitors, was to bo seen shaking his shaggy locks In. a demented manner, as he frantically caught hold of this Rosinante, and then let go the other, sp distracted was he at tho demands made on his being ubiquitous in person, and at Ihe apparent supposition of his possessing as many finger! as Cerberus did, heads. However, by dint of a good deal of patience, and a littlo scheming, all that were hungry contrived to break their fast, and the thirsty to swallow a ' wee drappie' as a fortifier, before the master gave the word to mount. The morning being cold and frosty, he was not punctual to a moment, as in general, or else somo of the loiterers and stragglers would have had neither coffee nor chevy. As the Urge cavalcade proceeded through tho little township of Oakleigh, the appearance ot tho motley muster wns both exciting and amusing. The twoand twenty couples of hounds, headed by the master on old Blackboy, and tailed hy three neatly toggid whippern in, reminded one of a Meltou meet; whilst the diversi fied rig-out of the field, and the remarkable difference in tho quality, condition, und size of their nags, could not but recal the faot of it being a colonial gathering. The number of followers, as counted at this peri»d, wiu ecventy-six, tho lively picture being graced in addition by soveral fair dames, and tho lato comers that dropped iu eventually swelling the ranks to over one hundred. 'Ilia crack horses of the Melbuurno division wcro Black boy, Prince Albert, I'otir, Comua, Humbler, Nimrod, Ilarnoy, Lous Dog, Tho Don, Chnrley, Jumbo, Charlton, Seventy-four, Scissors, Allspice, BuGby, Fied, Bailgee rugur, Bolivar, Isaac, and Half-Caste; tho Geelong men turning out Chance, Jubus, Kick up-the-Dust, Doubtful, Kocket, and Telegraph as their cross-country representatives, lu right ploasunt chat or deeds gono by, and deeds to como, tho cheerful cortcyt wound their way through the open bush, Mi. Wntson steering in a difio rent line from that l-o ordinarily takes on purpose to avoid drawing over tho unclonurea. For this, although in general he likes to give the fellows a trial jump or two so as to shake them into their seats, ho had two good reasons: firstly, bo did not want it to appear as if ho was purposely putting a stopper to tho further pro grow of those not mifiicioi.lly well mounted, or rather deficient in pluck ; nna so.ondly, ho was too careful of tho interests of tbo farmers whaso grounds wo bo often cross, to uuneciisjurilv ri=k tlio damage to their fences which such 11 mob of tyros must have occasional. Thn point he mado for was 'tho scrub ut the back of the Mulgrave, and here he drew every hitherto tenanted cover blank; for nearly two hours not u whimper nor tent her beirg given, nor u trnio of kangaroo discovered. The Geelong. no begun to look rather dlscoim-mml at thisiWny in tlm antiuii.utcd sport, and wished tn know if a dny ever paused wiihnut finding; but their Melbourne friends cheered thitni up by ajyiugthat 'a bad beginuiug makes a good end ? - ;-c; ing,' and reminding them of the exactly similar com- /'a mencement at the late joint meet in their own country. . ' J' An ancient individual, also, who wns rigged out in'an old scarlet frock, with blue collar and cuffs, and most * remarkably encased legs, and who turned out to be ' ' I Collins, for 30 years huntsman to the Fore Borough ' pack, in Cora wall, almost scornfully remarked that we ' come out to 'look up our game, and not to talk it up.'' ' Poor old fellow I it was the first time he h»d seen hounds 'V sinco he had bten in Australia, and he became so excited ?'» that he could not refrain now and then Iroin bursting ' hut with aYoicks! So ho! For'rardI What became of .'-'-fT him after we were fairly running, I don't know, but he was non at at tho cuam of tho thing. ;l- 'Patienco worketh experience,' and wo found our re- ' ward at last, some five long tailed-'uns getting up all at ' ' once close to a wire- fenced paddock, not far from the ''' Dttudenoiig boundary. Two of them went 'down wind' ' alongside tho fence, two bounded away through the t heath in an opposite direction, nnd one jumped into the ?'* paddock. Unfortunately, some of those noisy cliapp who ' cannot see a kangaroo without screaming ''Tally ho!' ' * till they are black iu Iho face, raised such a clamour of ' ' view-halloos that the hounds, already divided, were driven completely wild. Mr. Wntson (and not to be ! wondered at) flew into a towering passion at this absurd '? conduct, ami rebuked Ihe ofliciouB volunteers : but Job, ' himself, might have lost his patience under such a trial. ? '? With the utmost difficulty the pack were whipped off, ? and as soon as possible laid on to the kangaroo that had ?' crossed the fenco. They inatantly opened in full chorus, ' nnd dashed into the paddock, the leno being by no '? means fancied by a good many of tho field until a top- ?' ruil was so broken as to rest on the upper wire. A to- ; lerable spin was now enjoyed, but it did not last long, tbs ' : scent being lost in some marshy ground: After making ' a figuro of night, to little purpose, tho hounds wero ' ' brought back again to the open, and speedily got oa ' terms with one of the same mob, or else a planted kan- .' garoo that we must have passed very near to before. '' The pace became fast at once, and the field lengthened out in a very lew minutes, though the going waJ over ' easy country. However, ere long it became yet more : ? separated, for a booming new wire fence at Graham's paddock, some 'ift. fiin. high, with an unbreakable rail ' ' nt top, loomed iu the line, and both horse and man re- ' '* quired to be of the right stuff to charge it. Chariton :I wns the first to go at it, and ho hit it so hard that a. . \ dozen panels shook ; but I113 rider saved himself and '? horse cleverly. The master then cleared it, and was followed by Peter, Chanco, Nimrod, Long Dog, Doubt- 7 ful (who half slipped, half refuted, but was crammed : over pluckily), The Don, and about three others. The . : ?' takeoff was very bad, and the rest of tho fellows ,'' wisely jumped moro to tho right, where tho rail was ' ' older and lower, or clso went round altogether. A«liVlit '?' check allowed nearly all hands to come up, but the hounds ' cast right themselves, and this time fairly steamed ? away in the direction of Dandenong, and across a sue-. '' cession of enclosures that wero teasers to three-fourths ; of the followers. Smashes, baulks, and spills were now ' tbo order of the day, and horses were to bo seen rider- ' ; less in nearly every field. Allspice gavo his owner a ' very dirty coat, and Budgeeregar's carelessness hurt . ' hiJ plucky rider's shoulder ; and whilst the tyros wcro ' N kissing tho ground in all directions, generally from ? 'J' tumbling off when their nags judiciously rafused, the ! second-night men managed to keep in tolerably good ' ? position?, by taking tho gaps created by somo of the j fearnought leaders. Having run a ring nearly back to Graham's, and then skirted Mulgrave and Oak- '??' leigh, our quarry mado right away towards Cheltenham, ' the country becoming tolerably open, and tho race less ' severe, until Tootle's paddock was reached. The jump -J in and out of this is a regular 'snorter,' being botn ' high and strong, and having a wide grip into the bar- ' gain. Blackboy carried the upper rail uway on going ' in,' and another was sent spinning on going out, or fev would havo joined the hunt again, for even as it was left ' It was no fool of a jump for ordinary cattle, as tha ' number of disasters which there occurred proved. ' . It began to look as if another famous leap, -' Keys's to wit, would soon hare to be crossed, but our game flier turned to the right, led us across some of our usual drawing ground at the ' ; Hunters' Rest trysts, and then harked back over some good galloping heath towards Mulgiavo. The pack all this time were running at a good bat, and working ' excellently, the music being occasionally most delight- ' ful, and their truth constantly shown by their picking up any lost or overrun scent. Upwards of an hour and ; a half, with but very trivial checkr, had now been oc cupied, and it began to be bellows to mend with horses . . and hounds as wo neurcd our starting point, and got . Into heavy country acain. Every leap was expected to \\- bo the last, for how could it bo thought a kunguroo so .' closely pushed over some fifteen miles could last much longer ? Still, strange to say, though tho 'lobber' had been viewed twice not fur ahead, and for the last quarter ' of an hour he had been evidonty dodging, hucontrived ' to remake the heath, and was soon afterwards seen to ' plunge into a belt of wattles, at tho foot of the : Bald Hill,, not two hundred yards bofore tho hounds. ' '; Every man, who was at all forward, made a rush immo- ] diately, thinking to securo tho trophy of tho day nnd ' ' a Idle unfold,' for an instant kill seemed a certainty. ' What,, then, was the astonishment of all, when a 'flier,' '; apparently 'fresh as paint,' was seen bounding out at 1 the other side of the copse, and leaving tho screaming pack at every Btride 1 At the first blush of the thing, it .' was not noticed bow strong he went, nor that ho was much larger than our hunted gamo ; nnd it was not until ' it .'was found that Brummagem was required to make our ' horses 'keep 'up the etcam' that it flashed on the ? experienced that the cunning marsupian had oustod a com pamon from his plant, as deer and hares so frequently do , when pressed. It was a lovely sight to see the kangaroo -' proudly springing, along, with the hounds all closo ' together on his line, and the red-coats 'spurring for dear life!' in pursuit, as like! a moving panorurna tboy. mounted tho open incline.- To many, indeed, this sight ' was tho last they saw of hunting for tho day, for their. . animals were so dead ; beaten that some were scarcely. ' able to raise a trot, and others were reduced to a veri table walk. Those who contrived to slick l- the ohase . . ,. bad nearly anothor hour's hard work, for a wide circuit, ' was taken over very rotten and sloppy ground, and lots . of biggish, post-and-ruilcrs, at tin rear of Spring Vale, , and it isa wonder how the physical, energies of bound ? and horse could have been maintained so long. No kill ' wps.ohtained, for Mr. Watson found it necessary to kuock ': off'whilst the quadrupeds had sufficient strength to get ?? home ; but, except for. the sake of .' blood,' this can ' ' hardly be regretted, for two such' game quarries* hot only . deserve. a longer life, but may also afford another. day ory '' ' two's sport a« good as that enjoyed lost Saturday. Tlio Geelong hounds ran very kindly with ours, threw a mil- ' Bical tongue, and wero very hard-working. Slasher, not ,' yet two veara old, and bred at GeeloDg, led nearly all ' '?lay. -.-. ... . ? . .,-?,...-'.,..'. ;..,'? il had intended to havo taken the opportunity of blow- , ' ing some parties up for their obstinate perseverance * ia ' over riding the hounds, etc.. on all occasions when they 1 f how but, but my rigmarole has been too lengthy . to. '„'' admit of it. However, they may depend on it- they'll- get it yet, for tho fun of the many must hot be spoiled by r tho folly of the few. , , NIMHOD'S GHOST;;- ' 