DEVOTION TO THE POP.E. Br W. F. Fabeb, D. V.~: Having reminded us that ia- various ways, by a merciful desire to satjsfy the cravings of our souls to lovo Htm, our Lord reproduces Himself (so to spoak) araong3t us — in the Blessed Eu ? chariat, in the poor, nnd in little children— thus living the thirty-throo years over again con tinually, Father Fuber coos on to say that Jesus loft Mary to tho infant; Church, as well as Peter. Was it not perhaps to supply this -very craving of primitive fervour, a craving which had fed itself so recently on His own dear preaonce in the flesh ? Even tho sublimities of apostolic holi ness could not bear that both Jesus and Mary should be withdrawn ot once. So iu like manner now He haB left us the Pope. The Sovereign Pontiff is a thud visible presence of Jesua amongst us, of a higher order, of a deeper Bignilicanoe, of a more immediate importance, of a moro exacting nature, than His presence in the Poor and in the Childron. ? The Pope is the Vicar of Jesus on earth, and enjoys amongst the njonarchs of the world all the rights and sovereignties of the Sacred Humanity of Jesus. So crown can be abave his crown. By diviue right ho can bo subject to none. All subjection is a violenco and a persecutisn. Ho is a monarch by the very force of his oflico j for of all kings ho is tho nighest to the King of kings. IIo is the visible shadow cast by the Invisible Head of the Churoh in tho Blessed Sacrament, ills offico is an institution emanating from tho Batne depth of tho Sacred Heart, out ot which wo have already seen the Blessod Sacrament, nnd the elovatiou of tho Poor at)d of Children, take their nen. It is tho manifestation of the sumo lovo, an exposition of the uamo principle. With vhat carefulness, then, with what reverence, with what exceeding loyalty, ought wo uot to correspond to so magnificent a grace, to so marvellous u love, as this which our dearest Saviour lias shown to us in His choice and institution of His earthly Yiom ! . eter lives always, because tho Threo.and-Thirty lenrs aro always going on. The two truths belong to each other. Tho Pope is to us in all our con duct what tho Blessed Sacrament is to us in all our adoration. Tho mystery of His Vicariato is * n to tho mystery of tho BleBsed Sacrament. Xho two mysteries aro intertwined. Ihen drawing from this doctrine its obvious and irrefragable conclusion that ' devotion to the Popo is an essential part of Christian pioty,' he goes on to assort that this Is not a matter which stands apart from the spiritual life, as if tho Papacy were only the po lities of the Church, an institution belonging to her external lifo, a divinely appointed convenience of ecclesiastical government. It is a doctrine and a devotion. It is an integral part of our Blessed Lord's own plan. He is in the Pope in a still higher way than He is in tho Poor or in children. What is dono to the Popo, for him or against him, is done to Jesus himself. All that is kingly, all that is priestly, in our dearest Lord is gathered up in the person of his Vicar, to receive our homage nnd our veneration. A man might ns well try to be a good Christian without devotion to our Lady, as without devotion to the Pope; nnd for the Batne reason in both cases. Both His Mother and Hi3 Vicar are parts of our Lord's Gospel. And then comes its practical application : — I would ask vou lav this vcrv much to heart at this time. I am persuaded that great consequences would follow, for the good of religion, from a clear perception that devotion to the Popo is an essential part of Chrisliau piety. It would correct many errors. 7t would clear up many misoppre honsions. It would prevent-many calamities. I have always said, that tho one thing to mako all difficulties clear is to look at things simply and ex clusively from our Blessed Lord's point of view. Let all things seem to us that they aro in Him and for Him. There are many intricacies in these days, many perplexing entanglements of the Ohureh and the world ; but if we hold fast by this principle, it wiui a cunniiKe Dravery wo aro ait ioi Jesus, we shall tread our way safely through all labyrinths, and never have the happiness of finding ourselves, either through cowardice, or throngh the prudence of the flesh, or through the want of a spiritual discernment, on the side where Jesus is not. If the. Popo is the visible presence of Jesus, uniting in himself all such spiritual and temporal jurisdiction as belongs to tho Sacred Humanity, and if devotion to the Pope is an indispensablo element in all Christian holiness, so that without it no piety is solid, it very much concerns us to see how we feel towards the Viciar of Christ, and whether our habitual sentiments regarding him aro adequate to what our lilessed Lord requires. I wish to speak of the matter from a devotional point of view; because I consider this U a very important point of view. It belongs to my office and position, as well as to my tastes and instinct?, to look at it in this way. Iu times of peace it is quife conceiveable that Catholics may hardly realise as they ought to do the necessity of devotion to the Pope as an essential of Christian piety. They may practically come to think that their affair is to go to Church, and to frequsnt the Sacraments, and to perform their private spiritual exorcises. It may appear to them that they are not concerned with what they may call ecclesiasti cal politics. This is of course a sad mistake at all times, and one from which at all times the soul must suffer, so far as regards higher graces and tho advances towards perfection. In every age it has been an invariable feature of the saints that they have had a keen and sensitire devotion to the Holy See. But, if our lot is cast in times of trouble for the Sovereign Pontiff, we shall speedily find that a decay of practical piety follows rapidly and infallibly upon any wrong views of the Papucy, or any cowardly condve: concerning tho Pope. Wo shall bo astonished at discovering how closo a connection there is between highminded allegiance towards him and all our generosity towards God, as well as G-od's liberality towards ourselves. We must enter, it must be part of our private devotion to enter, warmly into the sympathies of the Church for her visible Head, or God will not enter into sympathy with us. In all ages, as well as in all vocations, grace is given on certain tacit con ditions. In times when God allows the Church to be assailed in the person of her visible Head, sensitiveness about tho Holy See will be found to be an implied condition of all growth in grace. The motives on which our devotion to tho Pope an to bo based How partly from the nature of his office : — First and foremost on the fact of his boiug the Vicar of our dearest Lord. His office is the chief way in which Jesus has made Himself visible. on earth. In his v^r^.''*''^} hn is to us as if he were our iiie3suu uord Himself. Then, again, the fear nuness oi tue rope's ollice is another source of our devotion for him. Can any one look over so va3t a_ region of responsibility, and not tremble ? Mil lions of consciences ore dependent upon liim. Mul titudes of appeals are awaiting his decision. The interests with which ho has to deal are of surpass ing importance, because they bear upon tlieefceni.il interests of souls. One dny's government of the Church is pregnant with more consequerjees than a year's government of the mightiest earthly em pire. With what a weight tho Sovereign Pontiff must have to lean upon God all day long ! What endless inspirations of tho Holy G-host must be not anxiously expect in order to distinguish truth in the clamour of contradictions or in the obscurity of distance ! The Dove whispering at St. Gre gory's ear— what is it but the symbol of thj Papacy? Amidst these gigantic toils, of all earthly labours perhaps the most thankless nnd the least appreciated, how touching is the helpless ness of the Sovereign Pontiff, so like tho helpless ness of his beloved Master. His power is patience. His Majesty J3 endurance. IIo is the victim of all petulance and gracelessness of earth in high places. He i3 vorily tho servant of the servants of God. Men may load him with indig nities, as they spat into his Master's face. They may set him at nought with their men of war, as Herod with his men of war set at noughj; the Saviour of tho world. They may sacrifice his rights to tho momentary exigencies of their own meanness, as Pontius Pilate sacrificed our Lord of old. There can be a meanness in governments, to the depth of which no individual meanness can come near; and it is especially from this meanness that the Vicar of Christ is made to suffer. Men with the gold crowns envy him with the crown of thorns. They grudge him the painful sovereignty, for which he must lay down his life, because it is his Master's trust, and not his own inheritance. In every successive generation Jesus, iu tho person of. his Vicar, is before fre9h Pilates and new Heroda. 1 ho Vatican is for tho most part a Cal vary. Who can behold all the pathetio grandeur of this holplessness, and understand it as a Chris tian understands it, and not bo moved to tears ? Partly, too, because in the Pope wo have certain human characteristics appeuling to our sympathies, wiucii am not appear in our Lord on earth ; such as siokness and old age. . . When wo are ill, it sometimes lies like a sad thought upon our hearts that our Blessed Lord never sanotifiod that cross by His own endurance. But, then, He bore and blessod every speoios of bodily pain in the numberless sufferings and in genious cruelties of His Passion. 13ut old age he never suffored. The weight of yoars nover gathered over His beautiful features. The light of His oye never grew dim. The fresh manhood of His voice never passed away. It could not be that even the honourable decoys of ago should oome nigh Him. But ho condescended to be old in His Pontiffs. His Vicars aro for the most part bowed down with yearB. I Bee in this another instanco of Hi3 lovo, another provision for our diversity of love for him. None in Judea could over honour Him with that peculiar lovo which good men glory in paying to old age. Homage to the old is one of tho most beautiful generosities of youth ; but the youth in Judea could never enjoy its dear submissions iu their ministries to Jesus. But now, in the porson of His Yictir, whoso solicitudes aro rendered a thousandfold moro touching and his indignities more pathetic because of his age, wo muy° draw near to Jesus with new ministries of lovo. A new kind of lovo of Him is opon to the I'ngorness and keonsiyhtedness of our affection. In this fact, in the conflict of an unurmed old man with the gran deurs nnd diplomacies and fulso wisdoms of tho proud young generations as they rise, thoro is surely another fountain for our devotion to tho Pope. Tho Father's concluding words are like the sound of trumpet to awakon us to our responsi bilities about tho Pope. ' The world is gnashiug its teeth upon him with a hatred, tho uuoarthly excess of vrhioh must often be a wonder to itself To the unbelieving eye, tho Papacy, like most diviue things, Is a pitiabio utid objjet sight, provoking only an irritatod scorn. For this scorn it is tho object of devotion to mako ropnrntion. Wo must honour tho Vicnr of Jesus with a loving faith, aud with a trustful uncriticising revoronce. Wo should not allow ourselves in ono dishonouring thought, in ono fainthearted uncertainly, about anything that concerns either his spiritual or his temporal sovereignty ; for even his temporal Kingship is part of our religion. Wo must not permit to our selves tho irreverent disloyalty of distinguishing in him and in his office what wo may consider human from what so may acknowledge ns divine. We must defend him with all the pertinacity, with all tho vehemence, with all tho completeness, with all the comprohensivonoss, with which only lovo knows how to defend her holy things. Memorable Words of His Holiness the Pope. — A letter from the Eternal City, dated 21st January, and of unquestionable' reliability, lias been received here per the last mail j which con veys the following extract: We will not attempt by any remarks of our own to impress on our readers the deep signification of the expressions of His Holiness, as everv Catholic heart must at onne feel glorifud in the martyr zeal manifested by the Head of his Church ; worthy indeed of the Successor of the Apostles. For all this thank God. ' Recently His Holiness the Pope pronounced admi'able words, which it is well that the Catholic world should know, that they may bless God. for having vouchsafed in such difficult times to place at the head of His Church so courageous and dignified a Pontiff. ' I have no further illusions as to the future,' said Pius IX. to a Prelate of Rome ; ' I foresee in a short time the triumph of revolution. The Church wil! have much to suffer. Her min isters and her Chief, among the first, will be out raged, persecuted, treated with violence — martyrised it maybe. But these cruel bigots prepare for tile Spouse of Christ a. magnificent triumph. As for Us, we shall show, with God's grace, to these men of the nineteenth century, so taken up with material enjoyment, how a Priest knows how to behave in presence of persecution, sufferings, and death.1' The 'TJnivers.'— Letters from Paris, of latest dates, received in this city, mention the prati. fying fact that the Univcrs is resuscitated at Paris under the title of Lc Monde. In the English news it was intimated that the Univers, crushed and per secuted, A-ould have to seek a resting place at Brus sels, but we rfjoiee to learn that the champion Ji/ditor still finds himself in a position to defend the right. This fact indicates a good deal; for certainly if Mpnseiur Veuillot was not sustained by the popular feeling of France he would not thus dare to face the tremendous power of the Emperor. Notice to Catholics.— The Rev. D. J. D'Aicy will, please God, hold Stations for the ?' Easter Duty,' and celebrate the Most Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, at half-past 10 a.m. each day, at tlie following places:— On Monday, the 23rd April, at Mr. M. Keogh's, Abercrombie; on Tues day, the 24th, at Mrs. Cro.iks, Cohadong ; on Wednesday, the 25th, at Mr. M'Alister's, Yalla bright ; on Thursday, the 26th, at Mr. llennebem's, Bolong River; on Friday, the 27th, at Mr. M'Donaid's, Tyrl Tyrl ; and on Saturday, the2Sth, at Mr. Ronald M'Donaid's, Grant's Flats. — Goulburn Chronicle. In consequence of tho accident to the Mail steamer by the Williams (s.), running into her while she (the Emeu) was getting under weigh on Monday night, whereby the rudder was rendered useless, her departure has been delayed until the damage is repaired which will be completed, it is hoped, early ' next week. An inquiry into the cause of the col lision is beinc held before the Steam Navio-^tinn Board. ^\ The Maitland Prosecutions. — Thomas Hartigan, Patrick Halloran, and Denis Coleman appeared on Saturday before the bench at East Maitland, under tlie charge of taking part in the late Free Church disturbances. Mi. Chambers ap peared for the prosecution, and Mr. Denieiiy and Mr. Thompson, for Mr. Mullen, for the defence. Evidence similar to that taken in the first ease was received, and a similar order of court made. The defendants were committed to take their trial at the ensuing Circuit Court, bail being allowed in the -».«. -uiouiits as hi the case uf tne committals 'of Friday. / It is rumoured that the cause of Mr. Richard Jones', retirement from the Assembly is, that he is about to enter largely into squatting operations in the extreme northern districts o°f Queensland, in partnership wkh Mr. Edward Flood. A telegrdphio communication in ypster 'fay'sJIrrald announces the return of Mr. Kemp for Liverpool Plains, by a majority of 33 over Mr Dangar. The Suowy River Gold fever has now affected nearly all districts of South Australia. A letter from Yankalilla states—' Among those who are going to the diggings are inn-keepers, well-to-do farmers, sawyers, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, and general laborers. It is precisely the same at Rapid Bay, and also at the Ininaii Valley. The question by.and-by will be, Who is not going ?' Snowy River. — A telegram to a morning contemporary announces that on Thursday last the Snowy RiTer Escort had arrived in Gundagai and brought down from K''andra 6833 ozs. gold. ' Moruya.— The correspondent of the lllawarra Mercury writes:—' If Mr. M'lntyie, of maiiiaiiu, were to pay us a pastoral visit— which Heaven forbid should be the case— he would find that' heathenism' is by no ineanB a distinctive badge of any one community. Our Catholic brethren, with a commendable energy which Protestants would do well to emulate, have exerted themselves wisely and well, so far as the education of the Ca tholic youth is concerned. Thev have nrnvidod fnr the Educational wants of their community by the establishment of two Catholic schools, and, if rumour prove correct, another and a third will be soon opened on the township side of the Moruya criissmg.place. The Catholics have t*o or three religious schools ; Protestants have no schools what ever ; and therefore, unless they prove renegades to their faith, they will not hesitate to determine on a school system which will guarantee the teaching of biblical Protestantism. Measures ara about to be taken for remov ing the obstructions f- the navigation of the Shoal haven; Mr. Moriarty, Engineer of Harbours and Rivers, recently visited Shoalhaven for the purpose of reporting on the bpst means to be adopted for that purpose. On opening a- bird of the kind called mopofce or ' raore-pork' at Back Creek, recently, it was found to contain. seven large centipedes, each about four inches in length, four scorpions of an ordinary size, and a large cricket. This may serve as an instance of the value of the feathered race in checking insect life. Notice op Removal; — A novel sight was witnessed in this township, yesterday, iu the removal, in a complete state, of the building lately occupied a« a school-house from the ground in front '? mia uiuuu m mo premises aajounng tlie lloyal Hotel. The change of site was happily effected, with the aid of a team of thirty-two bullocks, and a number of men under tlie leadership of Cant. Taylor and Lieut. Brudelin ? Pastoral Times. A criminal named Miller effected his escape from the central gaol at Melbourne, by get . ung over the wall, The act was a very daring one, and the fugitive is said to bo a very expert thief. A correspondent of tho Advertiser states that a practice somewhat extensively exists in Sandhurst, Victoria, of employers adding to the salaries of their travellers and canvassers for orders an additional £ 50 or £100 per annum, for the express purpose of 'shouting' for custom. On the 25th January, at the Presentation Convent, Carlow, the reception of Miss Mary Teresa M'Logulin. In religion Sister Mary Clare, only daughter of Robert M'Loglilin, of Pooie-street, Dublin. M. Pespat, tho proprietor of La Presse, has just returned to Paris from a tour iu Italy. He says : — ' A struggle appears inevitable. The Italians regard it as imminent. Piedmont is pro paring for it. The annexation of Central Italy will cause Austria to consider herself freed from the engagements of Zurich and Villafra«ca. She has 150,000 men in Venetia, and she is arming her forces as if on the eve of a new war. The Avenir de Nice says :— ' Marshal .Vaillant has received orders not to accord any further leave of absence to sfficers of the Army of Occupation,' 