MYSTERIOUS MURDER. We have to record a case of most unques- tionable murder, which on Friday last was brought to fight by the police, It appears from the information obligingly furnished us by Su- perintendent Laugley and Sergeant Dillon, that on Wednesday evening last a dairyman named Roads came to the Ararat Police Court Station, and gave information that a hole situated between Opossum Gully sad Armstrongs there was something in it unusual. In consequence of this information two police were sent out the next day. They examined the hole. There was water is it a few feet from the surface, but they could see nothing else in it. The clay and surface soil round the top of the hole had been removed, and evidently thrown in the hole. Having no means of baling the hole out or of going down it, and the neatest tent being a mile and a half away, they returned to Ararat. The next day, Friday, three police went out in a cart, with windlass, rope and backets. On reaching the bole they rigged the windlass and baled the bole out, and one of them then went below and made the discovery that a human body was at the bottom of it in a sitting posture. The effluvia was intolerable, and as there were some logs down on the body, the police made no attempt to bring it to the surface. One of them at once started to Ararat to convey the intelligence. The coroner being absent the officer in charge of the Police Station commu- nicated with Mr Berry requesting him to hold a magisterial enquiry. At the magistrate's request the body was not removed until his arrival on tbe ground—two policemen remaining in charge of the hole all night. On Saturday Mr Berry proceeded to the spot, accompanied by some police. On arriving on the ground there was a considerable difficulty experienced in getting the body out of the hole, as none of the policemen would undertake the job. A butcher, however, was ultimately induced to do it on receiving the sum of 25s for his pains. After about an hour's work the logs were removed, and by the aid of two ropes the body was brought to the surface entire; it was in a very decomposed state, but still wearing a natural appearance sufficient for it to be seen that it was the body of a Chinaman. It was at once seen that the skull was fractured, in fact, smashed in, and on examination by Dr White, a bullet was found inside the head. This bullet, rather a small pistol bullet, was no doubt the cause of death, end tbe smashing of the skull was probably caused by the logs which were thrown down the hole on the top of the body. Of course there is no doubt whatever that the unfortunate man was murdered, but there is not the least clue to the discovery of the perpetrator or perpetrators of the foul deed. An opium pipe was fmind in the hole with him, and from his having this article in his possession it seems most likely that he was travelling from one gold field to another, and was stuck up and murdered, and the body thrown down the hole for concealment. An old, very much worn monkey jacket was also found in the hole. The deceased man had moleskin trousers on, one pocket of which was turned inside out; there was no money on the body at all. In the opinion of Dr White, about six weeks had elapsed from the period of death. The deceased was about 5 feet 3 or 4 inches in height and about 30 years of age.—Ararat Advertiser. —— DEATH FROM BURNING.—On Monday, Dr. Laidman held an inquest at Amherst on the body of Sarah Riley, whose death took place under the following circumstances:—The deceased was living with a man named Hammill his wife. On Sunday, 23rd September,-they had gone out for a walk, and did not return home to the tent until dark. Hammill left the deceased to go into the tent, and went a several hundred yards away into the bush for particular occasion, and on his return he found the deceased outside the tent, lying on tbe ground, and burning. He lore oft" the clothes and extinguished tbe fire. They had both been drinking, but were not very druufc. The tent was situated about a hundred yards away from any other tent. It did not appear that any oilier assistance bad been rendered tbe deceased till tbe following (Monday) morning, when Dr Bourne was called in, and found her extensively burned and insensible. On the second visit of Dr Bonme she was sensible, and told him that her clothes accidentally caught fire, and that caused the burn. There were no marks of violence on the body. The deceased WBS attended by Catherine Quinn from Monday morning till the time of her death, which took place on tbe night of the 31 st ultimo. ^Considerable suspicion was attached to tbe man Hsmmill, from his reluctance to attend when sent for ; but from the statement of tbe deceased-to Dr Boume, and also in the piesence of Detective Lloyd and Mrs Quinn, it appeared that the occurrence was purely acci dental. The deceased had on entering the tent, lighted a piece of paper and lit a candle, and threw the burning paper on tbe ground. She then went outside for wood, and found herself on fire.- She tried to get to a wsterhole, and after that remembered nothing. She dedared she was perfectly sober at the time. A verdict of accidental .death from burning was returned by the Jury.— Maryborough Advertiser. Ki AN-DKA-—Latest Intelligence.—Ferguson's coach arrived yesterday morning, bringing anything but satisfactory news. A doctor and two Adelaide mifacss who bave given the place a fair trial, state that the greatest distress prevails, and : tbe result in the icases of tbe two latter, "after four months' hard and persevering labor, is as follows.—One realised five shillings, the other twenty. From' all we hear we can only conclude that Kiaodra can never be what is known as.a "poor mans ." and ouly those with capita of succeeding,there.— l have a ghost of e chance -Jj&wy; B&ner;• Loctrs if sojr LoCEirpo.—By » singula®, contrariety nor lamps are never alight when they arereally required;during the pasltwo evenings n from seven ^till eleven, have been dark enough in nil conscience *o require a light, but because j the moon igets up, and is supposed to be shining after most have no gas light. people are gone tn bed, we —StatdJoTft See. Judicial——The practice of carrying on conversation in anything bat " bated breath " bis SO obtained in our County Court as to draw - down tbe following reproof from His Honor Judge Skinner,—" Speak out witness, everyone in Court is talking loader than yon are."— Sandhftnt Bee. The BailaratStar says—From a communication sent to the Eastern Council by Mr Distnc, Surveyor Taylor, we learn that land for a town commonage, Tor both municipalities, bas been reserved by tbe Govianment near the Gong Gong Creek. " Mi- William Highett.bas ^wn Ins late-constituents ^J&ff;^st^a the 