GHOSTS. [From the British Spiritual TeUaraahA Our readers have probably noticed some very striking stories of apparitions which have latelv appeared ia All the Year Sound, Charles Dicsens's new periodical. The appearance of such stories iu this vehicle is the more remarkable because Mr Dieken3, on various occasions, has had a pleasant fling at Spiritualism in that periodical, or its predecessor, Household Words. The writer of these stories has, however, endeavoured to explain the appearanre of apparitions by their being merely the t: suggested thoughts ' of aome person at a distance, especially in the case of such apparitions presenting themselves to persons as intimations of ths decease of the individuals represented. The feet of a thought being able to assume visioie snaps, color, orcen suostancs, to act and talk, would be, indeed, a most unexampled psychological phenomenon, if it could be established as a fa?t. This miracle of miracles, this easy mode of explaining ono difficulty by a far greater, seems to have struck oui friendMriWilliimHowittamusingly, and hs addressed the following note to Mr.- Dickens : — ' Highgate, September 2, 1859. ' My dear Sir, — VVliat interesting but inconclusive paper3— so far as the theorising goes — those are in.. AU (he Tear Sound, attempting to account for ghosts by thought suggesting. What a mess a elerer man can make out of a plain subject ! For a person dying three or four, or thirteen or fourteen thousand miles off, to present an idea of himself as living, muving, ? talking, and not imaginary talk, but real ; an inward idea presented to outward senses bodily, i«, to my fancy, a thousand times more wonderful and inexpli cable than that of the spirit of tlie person presenting itself to the party concerned. But still more, when ghosts appear that nobody knows anything about — appear again and again, for a long course of } ears, in the same form and the same place, and to all sorts of people ; foretell real events, &c.; — who suggests this extraordinary, permanent, persevering and masterful thought ? ' Poor Meaux, the brewer, lias a house at Cheshwrit, now, in consequence, shut up. and presenting a most ghostly aspect, out of which every tenant for thess 20 years or more has been driven by on3 of thD3e qu3ei', rampant, gallivanting thoughts. Mrs. Charles Eean's sister and husband, Mr. and Mrs. Chipaiaa, amongst the rest. What a capital thing for that property= it would bs if your ingenious theorist could susgett a thought by which this ' suggested thought,' commonly regarded aa a very triumphant ghost, could bs just wafted away .from it ; if the mischievo-.a suggester, wherever he may bs in the universe, could bs found out, and persuaded to suggest another thought, namely, that there is no ghost there. Mr. Proctor, of Willington, near Newcastle-on-Tyne, whoss ' haunted, house' I once visited, and' who has bsen permanently driven out of it by one of these troublesome thoughts, would be equally obliged to him. ' Some of these stories read to mn dreadfully lika novels, or as real ghost stories, adapted, and buttered with theory, to make them go down with an unbe lieving pubiic. But, really, what trouble these anti ghost people put themselves to now-a-days in bsaiing round the bush instead of walking into it in a bnsi^ ness-like common-sense way,- and starting the har;.. ' Whoever sets himself to resolve all the ghosts that have appeared ia thia blessed world from Job's anpiri tion, which made his hair stand oa end, or Brutus' s evil genius, down to that of Cap tarn Wheatero ft, which, the other day, compelled the War Office to correst the date of his death before Lucknow, in the official return, into thought suggastionp, will leave Don Quixote and his windmills amazingly far behind. ' Why should ghosts be allowed to range unques tioned all through the Bible and New Testanicnt, and yet not be allowed to tread- on one other spot of ail this wide world ? If there were ghosts in King Saul's, or in the Apostles Paul or Peter's times, whv not Li Charles JJictenss time? A rather tough question methinks. ' Are you aware that there has existed for Tears a society, jocularly called the Gt-ho3t Club, soasislini of a number of Cambridge mon. who havo taken hiuh honors there, and now hold high posts in this worka day world, ' cute fellows and much ccnislderj-J. whoss object ha3 been thoroughly to. sift, this qtiufcion of apparitions, and to test the cases produced by every test of logical and metaphysical inquiry, by tho 'prin- ciples of ths . severest legal and historical evidence ; and that, after examining a vast number of such state ments, the conclusion they have come to is that ' tha ghosts have it ;' that this question is as absoiutelv proved and settled in the affirmative as any human, question can ba ? Have you seen their circular ? I have ; and seen, too, many of their names ; one n? more on the episcopal bench j some of them at the head of most famous public schools ; othsrs clcrgymea in th;s Metropolis; aud others diplomatists. ^They could furnish some case3 to your theorist of rather gutta percha digestion. ' In conclusion,, I suggest this thought, that, with kind regards to yoi?^ family circle, I am, yours faith fully, 'WlLUill EOTTITT. 'Charles Dickens, Esq.' As the correspondence was a merely private and friendly one, wa do not feel ourselves at liberty to publish Mr. Dickens's answer ; but wo may state chat he assured Mr. Howitt that the cases gi^cn in All tlis Year Round were genuine cass3, in no degrees altered or garnished. That he had heard the nsrrator relate them for years as perfectly true ; and, what is more, that the narrator has himself lived ia a famous 'haun- ted house, ' iu Eent, -which n shut up nov7. or was the other day. That hs himself lias always taken a great interest in these matters, but requires evidence such as he has not yet met with ; aul that when he 'thinks of the amount of misery and injustice tbat constantly obtains in this world,'whieh a word, from the departed dead person in question could 5 it rijht, he would not believe — .could not believe — ia the War Office ghost without overwhelming evidence. ' Buibeey at Elections. — At 'c'leLiealC ?ar-- ou Wednesday, Councillor Birrwl appear^ as defen dant m a . ease in which & i-er-Sonj named \2exander Lees, formerly in his empjov, sought to recover th- ^ of £ 1 9s.. for money alleged to have been adranced for the use of the- defend mt, and at his request, in pn cur ing votes for tho successful Cindid.ite at the recant elec tion of a Councillor for Grey Ward. Upon the ease being callei oa, tho plaintiffs attorney applied fora postponement on the ground that his client was unwell a course which was as3en!ei to on payment of costs' tbe case being postponed till the following Wedaesu:iy week. Councillor Birrel! complaine.t of the antioyanco to which he had be2n subjacted, having b-^eu co-npeiled to wait about the Court for several hours until the casa was called on, and handed to the Commissi jner a fetter of which the following is a copy, to shew that the plain tiff hasl for months past been endeavoring, thouffh un successfully, to extort money from him. 1 ' Clark's-buildings, Adelaide, November 1. 1859. Sir— We arj instructs! by Mr. Brocklehurst, of this city, to apply to you for the sum of £50, fo (he payment; of whioh you have become liahla (as W3 are informol bv Mr. Alexander Lees, late in your employ), for cor ruptly procuring divers voters, citizens of the Cifcv of Adelaide, to rote for Mr. Clark, at the Jast election of a Councillor for Gray Ward, of ths said city ; anrl unless tbe amount with lls. 81. our costs of this application be paid on or before Saturday nuxt, we shall procesi for the recovery thereof according to law. ?' Yours obediently, 'INGLEBY & EiTERSON 'Mr. Birrall, baker, Grenfell- streer.' Shortly after the receipt of this, letter. Councillor Birrell was waited upon by third parties, ani informed that it would not be difficult to compromise mitter ; but he refused to pay a ihrfching, aud ha? heard no mora about the claim for j650 lls. 8d., but in its stead Mr Laes haa preferred the very considerably reduced de mand of ? £1 9a. for colonial entire, supplied to can soientious voters at the late Grey Ward election. The ovse will probably be productive of some fun the plain tiff having intimated that he is prepared to nams tho parties who required to. be liberally dealt with before they could be. iqdaoed to record their votes for the can d.ida.te whose cause Lees espoused. Mitoham Disibict Couircit. — We are given to understand that tlio ITitohaia District Counail have drolared a rate of oae. shilling in the pound in addition to the farthing r^te voted at the meeting of 'ratapayeis h,o'd on Wednesday, Highway Robbebt.— The n»an concerned with Hicks, remanded from Saturday last, for robbing a man in Light-square, w$s apprehended on the same dnv, by the detectives, sud turned out to to Morris Hyde, another of the men who wero lately acquitted from tho Supreme Court, ' inVlicted for tha rohtery aj ths B!aci Svraa, North-terrace. 