Mining. The whereabouts of Bylaw XII, although anxiously sought by its friends, appears difficult to discover, while the Mining Board itself seems to have given up the ghost entirely. It is rumored that there is a probability that the new draft will be ready for submission to the Board in the course of the month now current, but we are not in possession of the exact grounds of the rumor. It seems that the spurious gold diffi- culty has assumed another form within the last few days. Our readers may remember that some time ago a Mr Treloar, an agent for the disposal of up-country gold in Ballarat as Ballarat gold, charged two of his sub-agents with swindling him out of several ounces of the sham-Ballarat gold. The subs, however, swore they had been robbed, and as there was no proof they had not, they were discharged, both they and their honest princi- pal getting some excellent advice from the Bench as to the practices they had been engaged in. It appears that this Mr Treloar, or his double, has been turning up again and at his old tricks. One of his former subs is a shareholder in the Cornish United Quartz Company in the Gum Tree Flat, and he went to the Union Bank last week and sold a bar of gold from the northern gold fields as gold from the Cornish United Company. Hence the advertisement from the officers of the company which appeared in yesterday's Star. We need only give tins publicity to the nefa- rious attempt to cheat the bank and damage a respectable company to lead gold buyers generally to be careful with whom they deal. All mining Companies, too, who value their repu- tation or their pockets will do well to make it known that only certain accre- dited officers have permission to sell gold on behalf of the company, and then such scandalous doings as those we have adverted to will be less easy of perpetration. The yields from the several quartz claims in Ballarat are keeping up very well. The Last Chance Company have been for some little time lately engaged in repairs and alterations of one sort and another, but their fortnightly divi- dend paid last Saturday reached £13 10s we hear, so that the good name the company has enjoyed so long does not appear to be lost. The company have great faith in the permanency of their luck, for they have offered to buy out their furnisher's interest of three sleeping shares for £2,500 or over £800 per share. The offer, however, when details of payment, as bills and bills of sale in cage of default, were mentioned for arrangement, was, if not withdrawn, laid aside for the present. The Enterprise Company ?a... £25 last week, the stone keeping up its richness stfrprisingly well in ?t... claim. The Llanberis Company are doing very well too now, and hope soon to do better. Their stone during the last week realised an average of 8 dwts., and paid a dividend of over £8 per man for the week. The employment of blankets on the tables is found to be a a great saving by this company. We are told that not less than 1lb. of gold per week is taken from the blan- kets. This gold is impalpably fineof course, and it is doubtful if, without the blankets, the company could catch it with their present means. The tailings from the tanks have raised the hole in which the batteries were erected to nearly level with the road, and have also added to the solidity of the whole concern. The company are about to put down another shaft at the end of their claim, near the Enterprise boundary, where they expect to pro- cure richer stone than that they are now raising. The Cornish United Company have now completed the erection of their additional stamp heads, and they have now a splendid battery of 20 heads, or the largest in Ballarat, with the single exception of the plant of the Black Hill Company. The whole plant is very solid, and no appreciable oscilla- tion or vibration exists. Wooden guides, too, have been introduced, with moveable gear similar to that of the Monte Christo Company. These guides are now getting very much in vogue among quartz companies, as they cause less strain and friction, and are more easily replaced. The pros- pocts of this company are ex- ceedingly good. With a battery of 12 heads, the weekly reduction was estimated at 130 tons. and for the twelve weeks preceding the erection of the late addition of 8 heads, the ag- gregate yield of gold was 510 ozs, or a dividend of £105 per man, thus giving a weekly average of about £9. But besides the addition of 8 more stamp heads, we are informed that the whole battery has been rendered much more efficient, so that it is calculated that now the reducing power of the plant is about doubled. If this be so, the re- turns of the lucky fellows who belong to the company, will be indeed some- thing like the right thing, even in the eyes of the most sanguine. The tail- ings from this company's works are fast filling up the filthy pits on the space reserved for municipal baths, and in this respect the operations of the com- pany are not a little beneficial. The Prince Albert Company have been at work for some little time now, but their returns have not yet been particularly encouraging. The Old Canadian Company opened their plant on Monday afternoon, and yesterday the batteries were thumping away in good style. This is, judging from what we saw of the beginning of the works, one of the solidest plants yet built. But we must take a look at the plant now it is completed and in action, before we commit ourselves to anything more specific. There is to he a general meeting of the Kangaroo Company, Gordon's, on Friday, when it will most likely be settled what is to be done with this pretty bantling of a non-local directory. All the shareholders we have met with express themselves as confident in the possibility of the property being made amply remunerative, and yet all are anxious to get rid of their shares at we don't know how much discount. This speaks volumes as to the manage- ment, and should point a moral to other companies. Some of the shareholders it is true, not to say directors, have thought the promoters might be sued for obtaining money under false pre- tences by their statistical accounts of the various reefs in the claim, but we have not yet seen any proof of the correctness of the position thus taken up against the promoters by said disgusted shareholders. 