Is there anybody who can inform us what is the "democratic class legislation" which we have been more than once lately and gravely told in heavily-leaded type is the great evil — we beg pardon — the " ruin"— that is the exact word — " the ruin of this country " ? Since its first appearance we have seen this curious enigmatic phrase re- produced in print, and heard it also echoed in glib declamation. Is it too severe a penalty to lay on the shoulders of the phrase- makers to inquire of them its meaning ? At this end of the world, at least, it will not do to talk of a dire something as being our ruin, without indicating that something in definite shape. We are only a matter-of-fact public — as is the wont of colonists ; and in a clear Australian atmosphere there is usually sun- light enough to let us see things as they are. A new country is not like a grey old feudal mansion, haunted by spectres and hobgoblins; and its denizens as a whole are but little little given to mysticism. We hope we may say, therefore, that our path is not to be barred by a local presentation of the Cock Lane Ghost ; nor are we to be terrified from our doings by threats of tho wicked dragon or frightful " black man" with which painstaking nurses subdue indocile childhood ! We have troubles enough in all conscience — only too clear in daylight and to the ken of common sense — without consenting to have our feelings har rowed up and our hair set on end by the phantasmagoria of the dyspeptically clair voyant ! Let wights who deal in such wares have recourse to the apothecary. His pills and draughts may help to "clear their souls of cant" and of delusions respecting the undis- cernment of the public eye ! " Democratic class legislation the ruin of the country" is one of those novel and curious cuckoo cries to which our ears have become of late rather accustomed. It is cousin-german in audacity and absurdity to that other one of "assisted immigration" as a panacea for our ills ! Let us see if we can find a key to the point and purpose of the otherwise unintelli- gible shibboleth, in the systematic abuse, from the same quarter, of universal suffrage, and the insidious disparagement of the ballot. Is it not because the phrase-makers see the break-up by means of those instru ments of that class legislation which has hitherto misruled the country and strangled its prosperity, that they would now persuade us that a kindred incubus under a different banner is upon us? Is it not, after all, only a lame attempt, as the saying goes, " to carry the war into the enemy's country"? If so, we have only to say that it is a very lame, a very clumsy, and what is far worse, a very mischievous device indeed. It cannot re store that which is already removed— it cannot replace the props of an oligarchical monopoly of political power. If it have any any result at all, it can only be such a sun- dering or widening of class feeling — such an enkindling of sectional bitterness, as would most likely -tend to bring about in reality the very mischief of which we are told we are now the victims ! We suppose nobody is crazed enough to imagine that Victoria can at this time of day be stripped of her hardly-won privilege of manhood suffrage ; or that her ballot-box can be with drawan from electoral use and dis- patched to some "old curiosity shop.' What can abuse of those things show, then, beyond the silly, selfish, unavailing sighing after the fleshpots of Egypt which it seems still possesses some people ? And what can abuse of those things do, beyond insulting and irritating the portions of our population which have been admitted thereby to a voice in the administration of the country ? For our own part, we do not apprehend " demo cratic class legislation" ; we do not perceive any token of its coming ; and if it already exists, as we are told, we would like to be in formed in plain English — not by types or shadows or hysterics — how or in what it is exhibited ? The Age is just as hostile now as ever to class legislation, from whatever side it shows itself. We are its antagonists, whether it is presented by kid-gloved or by a 'horny hand.' We have no patience with its selfishness, exclusiveness, and dictation, whether in bull of Bashan fashion — the old world demagogues — or in the oligarchical guise of the " moping owl," which, as the poet tells us, — ' Doth to the moon complain Of such as wandering near her perch and bower Disturb her ancient solitary reign.' ! Delivered from the affliction in one shape, there is no reason for anticipating the afflic tion in the other — unless, indeed, some blind and silly champions of the ' old regime' should succeed in kindling internecine mis chief by their present foolish and intem perate conduct. Let us inquire of those worthies, do they indeed aspire to ' set us by the ears' ? Would they fain emulate the playful part of ' SWING" — placing a lucifer match in a haystack ! Large matters have often small beginnings. The coral reef which wrecks the proud argosy would not be there but for insect labor. And let the individuals who deal so flippantly and continuously in abuse of our institutions, and in insult to the bulk of the population, bo aware and bear in mind that that is a line of policy quite, impotent to serve, and able only to injure, the particular interests they profess to have in view. The cry that democracy is the ruin of the country, reminds us of that now historical character, "the unprotected female,' who, making for the footpath at the opposite side of Charing Cross, when she sees the advent of the omnibusses, screams aloud that she is killed ! Ah ! we fear we cannot, even for such apprehensions, consent to abjure the locomotive ways and improvements of a go ahead and enlightened era ; we cannot abate tho speed of modern progress to a snail's pace to please our unreasonably nervous ' subjects' ! Compose yourself, dear Madam ! — be open to conviction and guidance, and you will discover that the vehicle is no car of Juggernaut after all. There is a seat in it for you as well as for us, for its mission is our mutual benefit, not to pulverise or macadamise anybody. We know it was once customary in England to hold up demo cracy as a bete noir — as the abomination of desolation. But the calumny has become ob solete in the face of facts and examples ; and it is now an accepted maxim everywhere in thinking circles, that self-government is the natural heritage of mankind wherever man- kind are fit to receive it. We have its insti tutions here now, and can anybody without falsehood assert that its privileges have been used intemperately, or that there is any symptom of such being the case ? Will any- body show his face, and say without a blush, that the people of Victoria, since they have all acquired share in public affairs, have de manded or given signs of demanding aught that is not reasonably accordant with right and justice ? We have a far more intelligent public than the mother country, because it has been made up from the more energetic and enterprising elements of her population. And her emigrants who had the means and spirit to wander so far are, as a rule, a more intelligent body than those who settled in new countries nearer her shores. Long before they received as a whole the privileges of self-government, they proved their adaptation for it by obedience to the laws and love of order — a couple of policemen, as we all know, have sufficed over and over again to preserve the peace of many an extensive gold-field. The ' working-classes" have done nothing since to bring discredit on this character ; nor will they, if others are only as respectful of the constitution as they. It is complained that the working-classes have too little stake, too little interest in the country in proportion to the share they now possess in its administration. But this com plaint comes from the very persons who would fain debar them from any real stake — any substantial interest in the land of their adoption ! They who fear and denounce them as not Conservative — why do they still obstruct tha path which leads to their becom ing so ? "Class legislation" forsooth ! Does not tho cry emanate from the partisans them- selves — the beaten partisans of that fading fact ? Do they not vituperate universal suf- frage just because its meaning is to transfer the management of affairs from a picked few to the public at large — because it changes legislation from a "close borough" affair into a national affair? And do they not fling mud at tho ballot, simply because it keeps clean the character of free institutions by preventing riots at elections, and because it precludes that intimidating influence which so often in the old world renders null and void tho voters' rights. Verily, the indis creet champions who raise the cuckoo cries we refer to, have done more within the last few months to heap ignominy and ridicule on tho expiring cause they have taken in hand than clung about that cause through years before ! ========================= The annual meeting of the National Bank shareholders on Tuesday last was, perhaps, tho most important of all the many meetings to which that establishment has given rise, even in the most stormy times of its yet youthful career. The state of things brought to light on that ouoasion furnishes matter of the greatest consideration, not merely in re ference to the institution itself, but also aa Mffpcta tho credit of local ioiut-stock associa tions of tho kiud generally, and the confidence they are likely to command with the public. It is fortunate, oa both these grounds, that it has fallen to men of courage and firmness, as well as of sterling honesty, to investigate and authenticate the accounts and transactions of the Bank during its moat early period of actual banking operations under the fir3t directory, or rather its second diroctory, whose term of office expired on Tuesday last, .vessrs Hull and LoxDes well illustrated, and at the same time vindicated, the func tions and responsibilities of the im portant office of Auditor, in the course which they took, as unfolded in Tuesday's meeting, xi men piaceu in cueir anncuio uuu resDonsible position always acted as they have done, and in due time too, we should never have had such fearful catastrophes as that of tho Liverpool Borough Bank, and others of the same kind, to deplore. They found a most successful and flourishing youug estab lishment — as the National Bank is — in danger of being subjected systematically to a course of mismanagement at the hands of the very men who were most strongly bound and ex pected to guard against tho commission of abuses, and they had the honesty and the boldness publicly to set their ban upon that mismanagement, to warn the shareholders against it, and finally to take measures to pre veot its recurrence. The Auditors having shown to the share holders that their property was iu a most prosperous state, proceeded, in a special re port, to direct attention to those abuses which, if left unchecked, might, and most probably would, soon bring that prosperous state of thing3 to an untimely end. It ap peared that some of the Directors seemed to think that the chief purpose of the Bank was to enable them to get an excess of what is very pithily called ' accommodation,' at the same time that the securities lodged against these overdrawn accounts were of little or no value. The guardians of the purao, when permitted temporarily to dip into it, certainly should not plunge too deeply and continue the process too long, or they might not bo able to extricate their hands without either their palms being sullied by lengthened con tact with the contents, or mayhap even burst ing the purse itself. And this is what those stringent and straightforward Auditors, Messrs Hull and Loaber, thought fit publicly to tell to the Bank Directors and to the owners of the property which these same Bank Direc tors undertook to guard, and manage for tho general benefit of the proprietors, aud no doubt for the especial benefit of the Directors themselves. Such plain speakiug and tho roughly reformatory action are not very often exhibited in cases of tho kind ; and we have certainly to congratulate the shareholders that these abuses of directorial management, which the Auditors' report roveals, have been so promptly detected and exploded before they had time to become chronic. It would have b^cn a false tenderness to have kept the matter secret until things could be so smoothed over as to bear tha public eye, which indeed would not in that case penetrate to the rot tenness within, and would continue to regard matters in a favorable light. But the false confidence which would have been thus creatod would in the end but aggra vate the evil, when, perhaps, exposuro would force itself into existence, despite all attempts to prevent it. It was therefore the wisest, as well as the honestest course, to expose the growing mischief at once in its earliest stage, especially as tho Bank is in such a position of established success and projperity that it can, with safety, admit of tho exposure. If other persons but members of this strange body of Directors wero to speak in the excusatory and deprecatory way that the Chairman, Mr T. Be»\tn, jun., and Mr F. B. Franklyn expressed themselves when confronted with the Auditors' report, they would be at once set down either as secret enemies of the Bank, who desired to destroy all confidence in it, or as persons who were conscious of having discharged tho office of Director in a manner open to strong censure, and who were de sirous of shielding themselvea from that c:nsuro. They should have remembered the trite but true ttdage — ' qtii s'excuise t accuse.' In excusing themselves before any cuarge was specmcally directed against them, they wero but accusing themselves. Mr Franklyn indeed was quite pathetic in the tone he adopted of mingled self-accusation and self-defence. According to this gentleman, in refarring to the over drawn accounts and inadequate security, in tho matter of the excessive ' accommoda tion' vouchsafed by somo of the directors to themselves, ' they (the directors) nover de sired to keep anything secret. They only wanted to manage matters so as to create no unnecessary alarm. It would be just as well to wait till the next half-yearly meeting, when all the returns would bo in. . In July next the shareholders would see how far tho matters complained of would have been remedied.' This advice, although evi aenuy given witn tne very oest intentions, was most fallacious and dangerous. If it were followed, it would have thoroughly aroused public suspicion ; and all confidenco in the Bank management, aud the Bank itself, would have been gone. Ones the subject was broached — and honesty required it should be broached as soon as known — the only proper and safe courao was to probe the matter of complaint to tha bottom, ascertain the worst, and immediately set about applying the re medy. And this is what kas b en dons, so far at least as remedial action can be at present taken. All tho Directors wero not equally blame worthy, howevor, iu the estimation of the shareholders. Thus we find Mr John Hous ton, one of the body, was re-elected by such a large majority that he becomea chairman of tho Board ; whilst in the limited choice which the small uumber of candidates gave to tho shareholders, some others were indeed re elected, but with such a low number of votes that the3r stood at tho bottom of tbo poll — others being rejected altogether. The function of Auditor in reference to pub lic companies was never so truthfully, so fully, and so fearlessly carried out in these colonies, as on this occasion of the second annual general meeting of the National Bank ; but the same honest boldness may not be so readily found at another time, or in other cases, which may equally rcquirn it. We cannot help thinking then that the public in terest requires that a law should be speedily passed which should put the office of Auditor, in all case3 of public companies, in a strongor and securer position than that it now occu pies. Nothing should be left to choice j all should bo imperative as regards the mode, time and other matters pertaining to the ope rations of tho audit, so that the most timid or the least honest of persons into whose hands the work of audit might happen to be devolved, could not avoid doing what was inar. anri nnf.A'js.irp for tlifl interests entrusted to them. Iu the present case the proper course was taken merely because tho Auditors happened to be ' the right men in tho right place.' The President took tho chair in the Council yesterday shortly after three o'clock. A letter having been read from Mr Strachan, excusing his non-attendance on the plea of illness, and a notice of motion having having been given by Mr Bennett, the House went into committee on tho Education Bill. As it is not intended however that the bill should be taken into the Assembly this session, a formal motion was made with reference to the adoption in glolo of the new cl.auses, and the Hou'o resumed. The Bill was afterwards recommitted for some further alterations ; and the Gee long Railway Purchase Bill was afterwards likewise considered in committee, aui pro gressed as far as tho 7th clause. A deputation frnm f ho nr.hpr TTnusfi. consisting of Messrs Service, M'Culloch, Bailey, Caldwell, Ileales, and Serjeant, at this point of the proceedings delivered a message and the Liud Bill and other measures, wh:oh being duly reported to the House, Mr Fellows at once moved that the Land Bill be read a first time, and it was read accordingly. The Armed Vessels Regulation Bill and the Customs Act Amendment Bill were also read a first time ; after which the House again went into committee on the Qeelong Railway Bill. Clauses as far as the 11th were agreed to, but the three following were struck out, as also was the fourth. When the House resumed, Mr Fawkner moved for a call of the Houso to con sider the Land Bill, because he thought it desirable that members should give their opinions about it. He thought with some amendments the bill might be made a very Hood one. The hon. member cited as a precedent for hi3 motion the course that was adopted with the lieform Bill ; but it was ultimately withdrawn. Several other items of less importance having been disposed of, the House adjourned at twenty minutes before six, Tub Si'iSAKKii took the chair in the Assem bly at twenty minutes after four, when Mr Heales gave notice that to-day he intended to move for the debate on the railway contracts to take precedence of all other business to morrow evoniiiff. Mr Loider also annonnnnrl his intention of renewing his efforts for assisted immigration. Some other notices of motion were also inadf, but they were of little importance. Tho Guverninont were then promised a long series of ques tions, and tho table of the Ilouse was forthwith plentifully supplied, with a covering of petitions from various places, and for many objects, but none of them possess much interest. The very frequent interrup tions in telegraphic communication with the neighboring colonies was referred to by Mr Ebdeu in aa iuquiry directed to the Postmaster General, and drew from Mr Bailey an expla nation which must be regarded at least as sufficient, if not very satisfactory. In reply to Mr Stephen, Mr O'Shanassy explained that his remarks on the previous evening, in the discussion on the In testate Eatate3 Bill, were not intended to have reference in any vrny to the present Curator, but only to ' one who had been obliged to leave the colony in consequence of certain defalca tions.' On the resolutions passed the pre vious evening in committeo of Supply having heen reported, and Mr Windsor's case called on, Mr Hood stated his opinion that L1500 couia oe no recompense lor cne gross injustice that the Government had inflicted upon Mr Windsor by convicting him of felony, although innocent, and causing him to bo imprisoned in Pentridgo Stjckado. Ha said that Mr Wind sor's health is irretrievably ruined ; that Mrs Windsor has become a lunatic ; and that all Mr Windsor's property has bean absorbed to prove that gentleman's innocence. The Attorney-Geaoral opposed the motion of Mr Hood for an increase of the amount to L3000, and a long discussion then ensued. Tho motion, however, wag at last agreed to, and the Uoverament had once more to find themselves in a minority, the num bers being 23 to 30. After the discussion Mr Hood informed the House that in spite of the decision just made Mr M'Culloch had said he would not place the sum on the estimates. Mr M'Citlloch denied, the charge ; but Mr Hood re peated the precise words given by the Trea surer. Shortly aftsr the subject dropped, and the IIouso adjourned for refreshment. Business was resumed at half-past seven ; and after the receipt of a message from tho Council with reference to the Law of Evidence Amend ment Bill, the House went into a discussion on the merits or the demerits of the system in. practice for dealing with amendments brought from one House to the other. This, however, was of brief duration, and a series of opinions were afccrwtrds tolerably strongly expressed as to the desirability or otherwise of retaining the 11th clause. The motion of tho Attorney Gteneral, to insist on the retention of the clause, wa3 ultimately carried. The House then began a consideration of tho Real Property Act Amendment Bill, aud a largo part of the even ing was occupied with an introductory address from Mr Greevos. The Attorney-General ap proved of the principle of the hill, but did not boo how tho measure could be passed this ses sion, as the House would probably only sit a few weeL's longer. Mr Miohie commented severely on the rnauner in which the bill had of coal,' and warned the Assembly against making any changes too rashly. Mr O'Sha ntssy and Mr Wilson Gray expressed their ap proval of the measure, and ultimately the bill was read a second time, and its' consideration in committee made an order of the day for Tuesday. A personal explanation having then boon offered by Mr WooA on behalf of Dr Evaus, in reference to a matter that took place iu an earlier part of the evening, the rest of the business was postponed, and the House adjourned about midnight. I presume not, neiiher ia it tho offico ofthebis tomn, to limit the U-ssings of our religion cither in this world or in tlie world ta come. ' Theto ia Ono who will know hia »wn.' — Dean Miiman. 