A. BAY WITH TUB CJBBI.OJTC; uouniiH. DKAnl3Ki.r., — At daylight ou Tuesday mo-ning, n friend tooled me off in hia buBgy, aud n doliuhtlul rldo it was throngli tho rich nnd cultivated dislrici of tho Barrabool Hills. IIa.lt way, at Mra. TIioiuhs'b much talkcd-of coul mines, we stopped to breakfask, and then, considerably invigorated, howled merrily along, and reached Shank Hill an hour sooner than wo need havo done. Ac first it loomed as if wo should hrre a puny muster, and I folt inclined to bo disappointed, for although the day was most lovely, and me scenery around most pleasing, tho immediate coun try hardly looked like hunting, and not a horseman was to bb seen except tho half dozen that had just arrived. Dear mo! what dissatisfied wretches we mortals are, and what bad prophets we mako in tnundano affairs 1 At nino o'clock, as if springing out of tho oarth liko the fabled warriors, from broad-cast teeth, neatly appointed 'pinks' were seen approaching from all directions, and in a few minutes a field of forty two will- mounted fel lows were assembled. Too-oooo-oo I sounded tho cheery horn, and soon tho eager pack carno round to the front of tho Pub., under tho guidance of their new huntsman, Mr. Harry Howell. Away we went to Monnglmn's pad dock, not two miles dUtant, aud ko sooner were tho hounds hled-In to cover, thnn they feathered amongst tho ferns. It was at onco evident that kangaroos had boen afoot, yet tho scent was so stale tUat not a whisper was given, and wo drow about for somo time, until He-well deemed it impossible, there could bo any game in the largo onclosurc. Accordingly, cross ing the road, we went into Sinclair's, and for an- hour soarched about without any show of sport, except a bit of jumping. Knowing that only about ft couplo of kan garo»s were in tho neighbourhood, it was judged best to ro-try Monaghan's, and fortuno mvourcd tho second at tempt, for one of the members, who always scorns to be tho ' right man in the right place,' tallyhoed a couplo of long-tailed 'unj, and tho instant tho pack wero laid on thoy burst into a swell of music as loud aud tunoful as tho great Haadcm organ, nnd tho bat thoy dashed off at ovor the grass was truo Loicoslerahiro going. A snorting three- railcr put a stopper to most of tho caval cado keeping at thoir storns, and thoy were lucky to remain oven in hearing ; but two or threo ? er us kept pretty straight, and after a glorious cliory over a delightful bit of country, tho quarry stuck up against a tree, and was pulled down by the frantic and 8creamini? hounds. In less thnn a minute Iho huntsman and all the field camo up, and whilst tho ' hrcaking-up' was being conducted, mutual congrntulations and anec dotes wero handed and bandied abou» on ' hair- breadth scapes ' and ' wondrous feat3.' One gentleman of tho wcltcr-woight division bud a nasty fall ovor the last jump, a heavy log fence, his horso rolling partly on to him through having cniioned against und upjot ano ther who was leaping tile same placo. Having slackened girths, taken a gentle pull at our pocket-pistols, and HKlitcd our dudeens, two portions of tho partv wcro marshalled off to rcceivo tho attentions of neighbouring ssttlera. In right good spirits wo reached Geelo.12 before dark, plana being settled on tho way to got all the hound3 together for Saturday, and go down .to Captain Longden'a after a dingo that has been destroying several calves. NIMliOD'S GHOST 