TUESDAY MORNING, AUGUST 25, 1860. O-VE of tlie greatest of the monster moves which had occurred in Europe just anterior to the departure of last mail .'was the visit of the Orphconists to the Crystal Palace. Three thousand Frenchmen, coming from all parts of France, and representing every station of French life, every phase of French society, all met together in the Crystal Palace, Sydenham, in response to the invi tation of a committee of British gentlemen', 111 order to give la Aiujluis a flavor of true French national music! Surely the ghost of old B era no k p. must have been hovering somewhere near in delight at a festival at once so national and so musical! These Orphconists are quite a new insti tution, and therefore it is no wonder that many persons have not yet heard of them. New as is their organisation, however, they muster already more than forty thou sand members, divided among eight hundred different societies. In each department there are several of these societies, and from eveiy department in France deputies were sent to the grand gathering at the Crystal Palace. The business, or rather pleasure, of the Orphconists is to perform choral music. They are a sort of Gallic HuMists. The Hullah of their origin is a 5L Delatorte, president at present {of the society he has created—the Orpheon Society of France. He, while yet only an obscure country organist, grinding music at Sunday masses for the jubilation' of rustic devotees, conceived the magnificent project which he has since worked to success. The celebrated Wilhelm had tried the same thing before, and had failed; but nothing daunted by tills ill-oiuen Monsieur Deia torte resolved to make the attempt himself; and at last, after years of toil, and, of course, (for what enterprise was ever yet started that did not meet with its preliminary failures '!) many disappointments, he suc ceeded in establishing the association which has grown to the magnitude we Lave above mentioned. The performances of the Orphconists at the Crystal Palace were conducted by M. Delai'oute in person; and they are spoken of in terms of the highest praise hv the English press. Some of the critics were not altogether suf ficiently pleased with the arrangement of the concert, but they appear unanimous in admiring the talent of combination dis played by the society in the execution of many pieces of a character very difficult to be successfully rendered by so large a crowd of vocalists. Tbe probable next result of the visit of the Orphconists to Englaud will be a visit of some of the English Choral Societies to France; and this will'be as it should be. time not forget that brotherhood is much better thau strife, as long as it can possibly be maintained with honor. It is very well to compete with one another in the improve ment pf cannons and rifles; but they are doing still better when they are competing in the friendly rivalry for superiority in artistic excellence. One very noticeable feature in the record of the visit of the Orphconists is the men tion of. their extreme fondness for British beer; and an English coteinporavy, remark ing thereupon, recommends the Chancellor of the Exchequer to "append to his next budget some provisions for facilitating the introduction of English beer into France." Amen ! Arid may the Jeaimots get so fond of the British beverage that they will never dream any more of attempting to annoy the Land which can brew such excellent tipple! The old ministers are all back again in their old places, excepting Mr Seevice and ilr Francis. On the fact being announced in the Assembly last night Mt Loadec, Mr Brooke, (who seems to have permanently joined the comer) Mr Hurry, and some other members of a like stamp, tried to force from Mr Nicholson some declar ation of policy, but up to the hour of adjournment for refreshment they had. not met with much success.' This unprofitable debate was carried on under tbe shadow of a sham motion that the house should adjourn. The only motive apparent was the embarrassment of Mr Nicholson, and although we have not the conclusion of the debate it would be safe to surmise that, after a little more resultless talk, the subject dropped. Tbe path of duty on the part of the Assembly is now so plain that it is difficult to suppose it will not be followed. Let tbe Assembly agree to tbe proposition of the Council for a Joint Committee, and the Land ques tion is settled out of hand. The Land bill as amended by the Council is, to our think ing, more liberal than when it left the Assembly; but the points of difference are chiefly mere tweedledum and tweedledee, matters which a Joint Committee of the two houses could settle in half-an-hour. market riffraff within the precincts of the Parliament Yard. The crowd was a little noisy and demonstrative, but nothing nm„. up to the time our report closed. It was hot announced, nor vvas it known in the house, whether the vacancies caused by the retirement of Messrs Service and Francis had been filled up. Avery full report of proceedings up to seven o'clock will be found in another col urnu 