WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1860. In the Legislative Council yesterday, The members of the Assembly having been summoned in the usual form, His Excellency the Governor gave the Royal assent to 15 bills, including the Crown Land Sales Bill, and reserved the Pensions Bill for the consideration of Her Majesty. His EXCELLENCY then read his speech, in which he reviewed the labours of the Session, expressed a hope that the Land Bill " would materially facilitate the settlement and develop the resources of the colony," and regretted that the necessity of passing the Estimates for the ensuing year would render an early reassembling of Parliament requisite. His Excellency then prorogued Parliament to Monday, the 22nd day of October next. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, A despatch from the Parliament of New Zealand was? read, thanking the Government for the services of the Victoria. The statistics of the colony for 1859 were laid upon the table. Mr. LOADER gave notice that, early next ??- ' i at session, he would move that a sum of £1,000,003 should be raided by debentures, for the purpose of providing water supplies for the various gold-" fields ; the municipalities to be endowed with the works so constructed, on condition of repaying in time, the first cost of the works. In answer to a question, Mr. PYKE said that the main difficulty in the way of the establishment of a local mint VMS the question of Imperial currency of the coin. That question was before a select committee of the House of Commons, and the present aspect of the subject was favourable to the hopes of the colony. In answer to Mr. Howard, I 1 Mr. NICHOLSON said provision for the regis- ¡ ' trar general's department (with a view to the safe , j custody of deeds) would barnado in the new building for his own department. I A The Assembly was then summoned to Ilia ', Council Chamber, to meet His Excellency the Governor, where the Speaker read a speech! in the usual form. ' On the Speaker's return to the House of As-l gembly, he read at the table the speech of His Excellency, and the House broke up for the session. The session of 1859-60 will hereafter j he remembered for its length and -its i barrenness. Up to the present time, we have had no such wearisome and unfruitful period of legislation. Ushered into being in the midst of universal congratulations, and beginning with unusual promise, the first reformed Parliament of Victoria has but a wretched account to show at the end of eleven months of hard talking. Its performances are by far the worst we have had from any Legislature during our short career of responsible government and it would seem, indeed, that the farther we advance into the pure and perfect region of democracy, the world becomes the work we. obtain from our Parliaments. The one great achievement of the session-the Land Bill passed out of the paper, as we know, through sheer weariness and disgust on the part of honourable members. It is a feat which no one is proud of-it line HPrflnrl coarser form of +lm assist:.,,. our opinion CIB saw a bird Amenities Of the land question it pleases nobody, either in or out of the two Houses yet it is nearly all we have to show for eleven months of the dullest talk that was ever inflicted upon a patient public. Apart from the Land Bill, where-are the other results of the session ? It is a bill which has killed everything else in coming to life. Nearly seventy other bills have been introduced at various times. into the Assembly and of these more than a half broke down before they had passed the first House. Some fell still-born-some were strangled at their birth some were stricken dead in committee - others went astray, being neglected by their natural protest tors. The slaughter of the innocents has been on a scale so large as to present us with an actual Chamber of Horrors. The corpses of bills are strewn all over the year's Hansard; and if their ghosts have any proper sense of their injuries, honourable members. should have many sleepless nights in the recess. Prominent in the long list of victims figure measures of the greatest import ? ance to the welfare of the country, over which have passed our car of Juggernaut, the Land Bill. The bill for the simplification of the law of real property-a measure scarcely less valuable than the Land Bill itself-is numbered with the slain-Dr. Q REEVES only knows how or why. After having passed in triumph its most critical ordeal, the' Lords, it has fallen ignominiously before the in- dolence or the treachery of its friends in the Lower House. The Bottle Bill of Mr. A MICHIE has met with a fate quite as cruel,! having been left to perish by the author of its being. Had the smallest" trouble been taken with it, it would certainly have survived through the two Houses, and put to discomfiture Mr. HEALES and his publican allies. The Education Bill of Mr. FELLOWS was always too good a child to live, and its death must be attributed to causes purely natural, and not to be deplored. Rather than it should have become law. it is better Minf-. education should wait until another sos Mon. The bill for the regulation of salaries to certain officials miscarried, at the eleventh hour, through some mysterious bungling and for this we may entertain a genuine regret. The aboli- tion of state aid to religion, another of our great failures, fell through from a cause which implies no reproach upon its promoters and this also can afford to stand over for another year. The bill for the abolition of imprisonment for debt also awaits another session and the leisure of Mr. FELLOWS j and the same may be afraid of the bill relating to the amendment of the law of insolvency-a mea sure of the highest importance to a commercial community like ours, and the absence of which is the cause of almost daily wrong and abuse. These are among the most useful of the measures which have engaged the attention of Parliament during the present session and their loss is but poorly compensated by the list of those to which Sir HENRY BARKLY has been called upon to give his assent. The account is but a beggarly one, even including the Land Bill. Of the other measures, some thirty-one in number, which it has pleased our noble Houses to pass, the few which relate to public interests more important than the supply of gas to Collingwood and water to Beechworth, are the Divorce Bill and the Abolition of Pensions Bill (both reserved for HER MAJESTY'S assent) ; the Law of Property Amendment Bill, which, being a lawyers' measure of only technical interest, has passed before the other and the great property-law reform the Municipalities Bill Amendment Bill, to abate turbulent and insolvent chairmen; bills to amend the law of evidence, for the regulation of armed vessels, and the increase of the volunteer force and various small measures, for the amendment chiefly of defects in the existing law of mining, and to define claims and frontages. These are all the results which have come of the first sitting of the reformed Victorian Parliament. While in its legislative capacity the Parliament has done so little, it has not made up for it by any make 1 activity in other respects. The great material interests of the country have received little or no at to a lion at the hands of our representatives. Beyon,d"J;he grant of A sum of money for prospecting and another for water on the gold-fields both of which were carried against Government, and in tardy acknowledgement of urgent demands out-of-doors the Parliament has done nothing towards the development of any of the great resources of the country. It is content to follow public opinion at a long distance. The great question of immigration it has steadily refused to consider. The scandalous abuses which have been brought to light in connexion with the railway works of the colony works which are to cost this people more than two years' incomes -have been either passed over, in open defiance of public opinion, or have been allowed to drop, after sharp investigations, conducted in the interest of the parties accused. The financial action of the Assembly has been equally a blank with all the rest. The extravagance, recklessness, and waste of past years have been continued with scarcely an attempt at a check, except morn personal or factious resentments. Of the retrench- ments we had been promised, scarcely one of any consequence has been effected and in the face of a steady falling off in the yield of gold, and of a universal reduction in the cost of living, we continue the public establishments on nearly the same scale as during the high golden period. While the public" interests have been thus neglected, the whole time of Parliament has been given up to a succession of bitter personal contests for place, and petty factious squabbles, which are as degrading to the character of the colony as injurious to the cause of representative government The only work which has been able to attract all the sympathies and the energies of our legislators has been the building up and pulling down of cabinets and the final result is both singular and melan- choly there being not one public man of eminence, or one faction capable of rrrTOniniTtpnr that him and Hnffnt-nrl in character from the session of 1859-60. In spite of the servile constitution of the French Legislative Chambers, the subserviency of most of the members to the will of the Imperial master of France, and the repressive forces which he is enabled to bring to bear upon anything like freedom of speech or opposition to his despotic authority, the Lower House contains some men who are clear-sighted enough to perceive the financial difficulties into which the war policy of the EMPEROR is plunging his country, and honest enough to protest against the in- fatuated extravagance of his reign. The debates upon the French budget, which occurred in the Corps Legislatif shortly before the departure of the last mail, were rendered remarkable by the fearless criticisms of M. FAVRE, and the impotent endeavours of the President of the Chamber (M. DE MORNING the half brother of the EMPEROR), to interrupt and intimidate the speaker. It seems that the Minister of Finance, by having recourse to that ingenious cookery of accounts which has been elevated into a branch of the fine arts, exhibited a surplus revenue of 1,544,98 5f., and that this result was arrived at by excluding from the budget a vast number of items classified under the head of " extraordinary expenditure, to meet which no less a sum than 400,000,000f. or X16,000,000 sterling, had been voted in the previous week. This enormous outlay being defrayed by means of loans, it follows that the national debt of France is accumulating with an alarm- ing rapidity; and that, so long as the leading powers of the population are un- exhausted, so long will it be easy for the Government to discharge the interest on one loan out of the proceeds of the next, and to maintain a fictitious appearance of prosperity by the magnitude of its current expenditure and flin filiiiTirln'npnnf nmT>lrvoTnnrif which will lUU aklUUU<llll.UUl UlUpiU^flUUUIj WHOLE that produces ; but so soon as the state shall find itself unable to recruit its coffers by means of these loans, a rapid depreciation in the value of all public securities will take place, confidence will be shaken, the suspension of public works will throw thousands of persons out of employment, and the fickle population of France will be very likely to execrate as a thief and an impostor the dumb idol whom they now worship as little less than a god. According to the statement of M. PICARD, another out-spoken member of the Corps Legislatif, the army, navy, and warlike preparations of France, absorb four-fifths of the revenue, ordinary and extraordinary and the budget, which was nominally estimated at 445,000,000f., did, in reality, amount to l,341,348,000f. Nor, much as we hear of the administrative perfection of a despotism, and the blunders and follies into which free Governments are betrayed, does it appear that the French can claim any exemption from the errors and abuses of which we have heard so much in the management and control of the British army and navy; for, in a debate on the Navy Estimates, we find the Vicomte DE KERVEGTJEN asserting " that the lower " deck guns of most of the French ships a were useless, even in a slight breeze ; " that the English and American ships " were far superior; that the French " ships had too little power that some " of the vessels were unfit for naviga " tion that the iron- cased frigates were " failures, being able to carry only " twelve guns, four days' coals, and 100 " charges per gun that the gunboat! " were bad and unsafe and that the new " double-decked transports for China " cost as much as ships of the line, " and yet carried only four guns, and " must be laid up in time of war as in " capable of defending themselves. The " speaker saw no inconvenience in mon " tioning these things openly, because " every English consul knew them, " and kept his Government an con" rant with what was going on." This, at any rate, is a not unsatisfactory set-off against the " rotten gun-boats, which were made the theme of such. bitter invective in England; and accepting the testimony of tho'Vioomto do I-ERVEGUEN as credible and trustworthy, there is no reason to suppose that the result of the next naval war between ^ra?^i.^d.Ji6l^4^ill differ from that of all its. predecessors that is artificers of the former country are Z now engaged in the construction our costly vessels which will hereafter m-, into the possession of Great Britain Commenting on the financial extravagance and repressive policy of the Front. Government, M. FAVRE did not hesitate to remind the Chamber that it was by such misconduct " the throne of NAP a ROBE the First was broken to pieces and France expiated her previous six cesses by lamentable reverses :" and * proceeding to contrast France under the First Empire with France under the Republic, he pointed out that the latter repelled, and the former succumbed to two invasions; from which he drew the conclusion that a people is never powerful but on condition of being " free; that for a people independence! dignity, freedom of action, are in a more than treasures only in annear ''ance inexhaustible that when a people have lost their liberty tW " ought, without rest or tried, to do " and it back! again, and that they should never abandon themselves to a " deceptive security, nor to vain the " sions, nor to blind enthusiasm." Equally strong language was made use of by two or three other speakers when the proposition to call out 100,000 men next year, to augment the French army, came under discussion. LEONARD exposed the glaring inconsistency of the pacific professions of the EMPEROR with the vast war establishments I which the country was compelled to maintain and the Marquis DE PIERRE I declared that an army of 600,000 men, while it was not required as a defence against invasion, was a standing menace to the rest of Europe, and a source of disquietude and irritation to neighbouring powers. He maintained that France could have a national " guard of 400,000 men, and could " greatly reduce her regular, army. _ was. vague as not to remove the " prejudice existing in France, that the " noblest title a man could have was " that of being a glorious soldier. " CHATEAUBRIAND said France is one " ' soldier.' But if France is the best " soldier, would it not be better still if " it could be said of her, that she is the " ' best cultivator or the best man " ' facturer ?' " The expression of sentiments like these in the French Legislature, proves that it is not wholly debased and de- moralize, and that it includes a few members of sufficient honesty and independence to detect and denounce the hypocrisy of the EMPEROR, and the fallacious splendour with which he is endeavouring to surround his reign. The discontent and alarm which have thus found vent within the Corps Legislatif, will extend in process of Time far beyond its walls, and the agricultural, commercial, and manufacturing population of France may one day day and the destruction of a dynasty which is magnificent without economy, and which imposes upon the industry of the nation the burden of maintaining nearly i three-quarters of a million of men in "howy idleness. The protracted session of Parliament was brought to a wished-for conclusion yesterday, but the pomp and circumstance attending the pro- regation were by no means to be compared with the brilliant display which accompanied th) c pening 11 months since, in October last, A large number of ladies, however, filled the back benches of the lower region of the Council Chamber, and gave a lively character to the galleries above, Lady Barkly and the vice-regal party occupy- ing seats on the benches to the right of His Excellency. The absence in New Zealand of the Commander of Her Majesty's Forces in the Australian colonies, and others of our military au- 1 i naval officers, who are wont to be present on such occasions, was of course noticeable; but the group of consuls and vice-consul, together with the few military officers still remaining with us, and much to fill up the scene. Almost every available seat in the chamber was filled. His Excellency entered the hall at nearly 1 nlf-past i o'clock, and in a few minutes the members of the Legislative Assembly, headed by the Speaker, attired in his robes of state, jostled and crowded below' the bar. The Speaker read his speech, with his customary precision of manner; and time the important ceremony of affixing the Royal assent to various bills was proceeded with. Fifteen Lil Is, including that bets near, the Crown Lands Sales Bill, were duly assented to by the Governor on behalf of Her Majesty, the sixteenth the Pensions Abolition Bill being reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. The reading of the vice-regal speech terminated the affair and a few smiles were exchanged when, after getting through the first paragraph, His Excellency had to stop, for want of sufficient light to enable him to decipher the remainder. In a few seconds, however, candles were brought, and the interruption ended. The substan of the speech was mostly congratulatory and the passage of the Land Bill through both Houses, and the public demonstra- tion of the entire community in favour of law and order were the principal subjects descanted upon. At its conclusion' Parliament was formally prorogued till the 22d of October next. The exterior of Parliament Houses was occupied by a tolerably large crowd of lookers-on, not, however, sufficient to over- task the police in keeping order. Shortly 1 ( fore the arrival of the Governor, a guard of honour, composed of grey-clad volunteers, pro. ceded by the band of the Collingwood company, took up its station within the reserve in front of the Legislative Chambers, giving the mail honours to the representative of Royalty on his arrival and departure. The election of a member of the Legislative Council for the Southern Province, in the room of Mr. Gideon Rutherford, took place at Brighton yesterday, when Mr. William Degraves was returned without opposition. Telegraphic communication was suspended for an out two hours yesterday foronoononthoSydnoy 1 no, on the Sydney side. The cause of the in Uiruption has not been stated. Mr. J. P. Bear has forwarded to Captain Sturt the sum of £50, as a prize to be shot for by the Volunteer Riflemen. This handsome gift will j provide " a silver gun " for the force, if it be de « Ided to offer the prize in any other form than money. This afternoon a public meeting takes place in the Mechanics' Institute, for tho purpose of dividing upon inviting the "All England Eleven" to this colony. A report will be brought up from the committee appointed by the meeting hall lately, and we understand that resolutions will be moved by the Hon. T. H. Fellows, Sir George Stephen, B. C. Aspinall, Esq and others. Her Excellency the Governor, it is expected, mil II side. A public meeting for tho purpose of forming J company under the title of the South Yarra and Prahran Company of the Royal Victoria Yolw (scr Artillery Regiment, was held on Monday evening last, at the South Yarra Hotel. Although the weather" was very inclement severe gentle-' men attended, and 17 enrolled their names as members. The meeting was adjourned until Friday evening next, at 8 o'clock. Yesterday his Honour the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates delivered judgement in the rate of the insolvency of King Brothers, which has been before the court for the last nine months. As will be seen by the report, which appears in another column, the insolvents' certificate was suspended for 12 months. Notice of appeal to the court above has been given. At the City Court yesterday, a little girl, named Annie Harrison, only 12 years of age, was charged -with absconding from her apprenticeship. It appeared that she had done so no less than three times, with no better reason, apparently, than the indulgence of a roving disposition. She was well lectured by Mr. Sturt, and was ultimately allowed to return to her situation. A special general meeting of the recently-formed Photographic Society of Victoria was held on Monday evening last, at the rooms of Mr. A. M. ÏW'Donald, 25 Bourke-street east, which was very fairly attended. The principal subject discussed was the set of regulations for the society which are proposed for adoption. After devoting an hour or so to the consideration of this, the meeting adjourned. The third meeting of the Taranaki Relief Fund Committee was held at the Exchange yesterday, the worshipful the Mayor in the chair. Ten tons of flour had been ordered to be shipped at once from Sydney for the relief of the sufferers. It was resolved that the clergy of all denominations should be requested to appeal to their congregations in aid of the fund. The following amounts of subscription-lists were reported, viz. Captain Bancroft, A.D.O.,£410 j J. Service, Esq., M.L.A., 2116; A. H. Newell, Esq., £149 8s.; total, £655 Se. The names of subscribers will be advertised on Saturday next. The adjourned general meeting of the Richmond Cricket Club will be held at Elliott's, at 8 o'clock this evening, to receive the report of the past season and other important business. It is expected that the club will be invited to pronounce an opinion as to the office-bearers holding similar positions in other clubs and that a very full attendance will show that the question is considered one of great importance, as forming a precedent for the future guidance of clubs. A meeting of the members of the Brunswick Cricket Club was held on Monday evening, when the treasurer's statement was brought forward, showing the financial department to be in a flourishing condition. The officers were rejected for the ensuing season, and a committee of management chosen, consisting of Messrs. Bickford, Clement, Green, Needle, and Grylls. It was decided to reduce the subscription to half the original amount " to meet the present depression," and induce a larger number to add their names to the list of subscribers. A few general suggestions were offered respecting the course the secretary should take at the forthcoming cricketing conference. Mr. Quin then proposed a vote of thanks to the officers, the president, T. J. Sumner, Esq., in particular, for the untiring exertion displayed by him, not only in maintaining the welfare and good order, but in contributing towards the personal comforts, of the club. Mr. Sumner replied, expressing, a hope that the members would apply themselves vigorously to practice this season, and then he should be only too happy to continue his support and personal attention. He thanked the members for the compliment, and the meeting separated. The City Court was on fire for a short space of time yesterday, Nearly at the close of the proceedings Sergeant Pewtress called the attention of the clerk of the bench to a crackling noise proceeding from the woodwork surrounding the flue of an iron stove in the clerk's office adjoining. No immediate notice was taken of the circumstance, but in a very few minutes it was «liECOVOred that the pipe was red hot and the woodwork actually on fire. The alarm was immediately given, and in a few minutes the hose from the Town-hall had deluged the office and the seat of the fire with a sufficient body of water to prevent any further extension of the fire, which it was now discovered had worked into the joists and beams for a considerable distance. The business of the court was not inter Tuptcd, but the accident occasioned a little tom temporary excitement. Signora Bianchi's benefit last night was a pert feet ovation for the lady. The dress-circle was crowded as it is only on occasional nights, and the other parts of the house were fully attended. Lucrezia is decidedly one of the most effective in 4bo_Signora's repertoire, and the numorous an -con s and bouquets with which she was honoured at list have been as gratifying to herself as they were evidences of her high popularity with the public The Alfonso of Mr. Farquharson, who was warmly welcomed, is remarkable for its breadth and general power. Signor Bianchi and Miss Octavia Hamilton also obtained their full share of the applause. After the opera, the gentlemen of the German Liedertafel sang two of their pieces with care and effect ; but we cannot help ' thinking they would be more successful still by a more judicious selection of music, suited to the general taste. The quartet from "Rigoletto," and a dance by Madame Strebinger, concluded this evening. 