HOW MISS PHIPPS BECAME MRS. PHILLIP?. JL LEAP-YEAR STORY, I Authors and artists hive imposed some most ridi culously untruthful types of character upon us. For example, what is ths conventional notion of th British old maid? 'J hanks to those unchivalrous caricaturists, the phrase suggests a picture of a lady with a figure like a ramrod, and a face liko a winter apple— a crab-apple— reserving her small remnant of sour milk of human hindness for her cat ; as afra'd of the men as Horace's Chloe ; and feasting like a ghoul upon the mangled reputations e{ her youthful^ sisters Well, now, my reader, look round your circle of acquaintance, and tell me honestly'how many of such vestal virgins you can find. I never met with one, and, with your permission, will introduce you to a little body who is the very opposite of that abomin able portrait— my friend, Miss Phipps. As plump as a partridge, as blithe as a mavis, bright-eyed as a robin, Aunt Rhoda— as she is called in some' dozen families into which she has been lovingly adopted— is in request for all our merry makings, and lights up the siok-rooms, to which she will go just as willingly, like a very substantial sun beam. She doesn't petrify into a hand-crossed effigy in men- folk's company, but roundly rates the bad taste of bachelors in having suffered her so long to continue tingle. Of course, like all women who are aood for anything— it is only your selfish people (moral oysters) who shut them- elves up, and take no interest in their neighbors— she is fond of a bit of gassip ; and being a hot-tempered little dame, Bhe can ?ccasionally say a sharp thing of, though far more frequently to, for she likes everything above board, any one who has happened to offend her, or — which is a far easier mode of rousing her wrath— who has uffended her friends. But there is not a grain of malice in her heart. She blurts out exactly what she thinks in a volcanic burst, and there an end : a fir preferable mode of procedure, in my opinion, to the polite, smiling way in which phlegmatic people dribble out their spite — in such small contributions that a grievance will last them for a month. Such is Miss Phipps as, on the list night of 18-55, she sits in her doll's house of a cottage in JPogis Parva, entertaining a tiny party of village friends. Her nldcr sister, Harriet— also a maiden— is really ths mistress of the house ; but she, good, quiet soul, resigns the lead in everything, to bustling Rhoda, wdo not ^infrequently builies her, in a good-natured way, to stir her into life, and whom she watches, half admiringly, half anxiously, bb one might watch the china-endangering pranks of a frisky kitten play ing with the table-cloth. The hearts of the Misses Phipps ire largo, but their means are small: a parly at their house, therefore, is an 'event.' They do the thing well, however, when they attempt it. Their neat est of little parlours— although tho prcces3 seems very mucn akin to tne paining it the lily— is tidied up for hours beforehand. The best china— white as snow, with sprigs and rims of scold— is daintly du3ted. The iieirluom silver tea-pot Mid cream-jug are scoured until the quaint old plate =eems almost ashamed of that spotless polish, which brings out in such bold relief its bygone fashion. 'Jake, both of seed and plum, is cut up into the kentcelestof blocks and we 'gcs. Wafer bread and - nutter is arranged in graceful circling sweeps, with hunches oflaurustinus in the centre A round tower of toasted muffim rises on the fender-' footman.' Tho home- cured hum is slivered into ;emi-tr-snfparent dices, and wreathed with classic parsley. The pre -erves and marmalade, for the manufactura of which ihe .Misses Phipps CDjoy a five miies' fame, are poured, like liquid gold and rubies, into their shal low receptacles of crystal. Wax-candles arc placed in readiness for lighting on the tea table, in massive »ilver sticks — the Misses Phipps have seen better days' — with verdant coronals. One bottle of port and one of sherry are decanted, and put aside with the plates of almonds, and raisins, and oranges for pre c»nal refreshment. The supper-tray is ready-laid: and then, after sundry injunctions t- the extemporised parlor— as well as kitchen — maid to ' mind her manners,' the sisters go up stairs to wash their hands, give the last touch to their toilet, *nd to see once more that tho bedroom i3 in a fit state for the reception of iheir guests when they Ti3it it for '.he purpose of ' taking off their things.' Bonnets and boas, muffs, shawls, and mantles have lain upon the counterpane for some hours, when my tale begins. Supper has been despatched ; and to counteract the richness of the hot gams-pie — Pogis 1 Parva ii in a noted sporting county, and you may be *ure that popular Aunt lthoda has not to buy the birds she cooks so deftly— the assembled ladiei, with their feet upon the lender, and their skirts turned back over their knees, are sipping 'just a leetle very weak brandy-and-water.' Their tongues have not been idle at any .time of the evening, but tow, lubricated by that gentle stimulant, they wag like popl ir leaves. It is amusing to note the effect of ifter-supper alcohol— howe-ver much diluted— on the feminine orain. The topic of conversation is a Mr Phillips, a shy autumnal bachelor, who has recently taken up hia residence in Pogii. So very shy is he that he has had his ptw in church screened, not only in front, but also at the sides, with lofty curtain', ubove which, when he stands ud, the top of his head can just be teen by hit fellow worshippers, and behind which, at the close of the service, he remains perdu until the church is empty, having taken care to be he first to enter it. All the week long ho never stirs from his own premises, which ho would seem to have selected for the sake of a brick wall and a high holly hedge, which shut them in. on all sides. The rector is the only person who has -visited bim, and he report* that Mr Phillips is an intelligent and well informed, but nwt ridiculously nej-vouB man, with a perfect horror of womankind. His servants, to whom he rarely speaks, oan give no further gratification to their village' gossips' curiosity about him, than by telling them what he has for dinner ; that he spends tho day in reading in his study, or moping in hie garden ; and that they often overhear him walking up and down his bedroom at night, talking to him self. Here is a mine of mystery for rural speculation ! Our ladies, irate at his mifOgynism, for the most part arc very uncharitable in. their conjectures. The rector's wife believes bim to bo a concealed atheist. Why cannot he 6hew his face at church, she asks, like a decent Christian? Mrs Squills, the surgeon's spouse, suggests that that eight-walking- and talking point to remorse for some great crime— perhaps a murder. Swindling finds more favor in the eyes cf Mrs Brown, the retired tradesman's wife. She would liks to kuow whether Phillips is his name, and how he gat his money. ' Perhaps he's a coiner,' whispers, in an awe-struck voice, her daughter Belinda, a great roader of romances. Mils Harriet Phipps. who is suspecto i of having bad a lo7e-affair long ago, is the only one who is not censorious ; the hints that blighted affections may have caused his melancholy. But this compassionate hypothesis, in common with all its unkind predecessors, Aunt Rhoda scornfully scouts. In her opinion, the man is merely an absurd hypochondriac old bachelor, who has grown hilf-silly tiirougii living uy mmseii, unu naving no one else to car;- for ; and, as usual, sharp-sighted little Aunt Hhodn.is right. She vows, moreover, that she will rout him out, and mako him take a wife, and do some good in the village, instead of haunting hiB house like a selfish old ghost ' Why not ask him yourself, Aunt Rhoda ?' says Miss brown. ' Next year isleap-year, you know.' ' Wall,' lauphs Aunt Khoda, ' if I can't manage it any other way, X will.' ' O Rhoda!' exclaims shocked Sister Harriet. Thus they sit chatting unlil th? bells burst out with their joy peal at the birtli of the new year, when with many expressions of surprise at tho quickness with which the time has flown, they give each other the customary heart greeting of the hour ; and then the visitors clog and cluak, and scatter to their homes, the rcctor's wifo toss- ing her head contemptuously when -hs meets tbo Methodists coming out from their ' watch nif»ht' service in their little meeting house ; in which mar.i.cst.Uion of sc'irn 1 cannot sympathise with Mrs Ktctor, thero seeming to me to be a deal of solemn poetrv m that rite. Tne few minutes before mii'ui^ht, passed kneeling and in siltncf, whi:.-t the clock ticks audibly in the hushed chapel, as if it were the heart of the djing ye-ir fast hastening to its final throb, struck me, when once [ witnessed the ec-r-.ice, as being about the most thrilliog time I ever spent. Leap year is not threo days old, when, in company with Mrs £quiUs, Aunt Rhoda presents herself at the gate of Holly Lodge, nd requests to be usheie-i in to the presence of its owner. In vain doi - wondering ohn, the janitor, inform her that ' Ma«ter don't fee 'lob'dy, nits.' He must tee har, as ihe has c.itzo -m buciness. But *ht« they are teaten in the dr*w intr room, coraes a rtquct for the ladies to rtnd in heir message, as Mr Phillips is too unweil to leave be libra'y. 'Veiy well, then, sro'll g-- to him, lohn,' fajsthe undaunted little worn id ; and go she does, drugsirg her companion with her. Mr '^hillips, a tall, palc-feced man, with t*i:chiE!t lips and quivering fingers, starts from his chair at tbe ap parition. Since they have bearded him in his d n — caught him sitting on hij form, perhaps, would be a more appropriate figure — he tries hard to be polite, k-.cks over the coal scuttle in a nervous attempt to band them seats, and stampers out a welcimo, to which, however, his startled eyes give a dccided con tradiction He looks a little relieved when ha finds that the intruders have come for no more for midable purpose than to solicit a subscrip tion to their Coal and Blanket Fund, and permits them to put down hit name for a munificent sum, evidently hoping t- bribe them into a speedy departure; but still Aunt Rhoda stay«, rattling on about the weather, and the neighborhood, and gepe ral news, unlil his look of pain changes into a look of puzzle, and eventually into one cf semi-pleasure It is a novel and not altogether dUegreeable tensatiim to have the ?t2gnant waters ef hi* existence stirred. Women he finds, like other reputed monsters, aro not quite so terrible when closely scanned ; he can talk, after a bit, without stuttering and blushir-g, and when his visitors leave, escorts them not only to the hall door, but also to the garden gate. Other local charities afford pretexts for other calls. Ruthlessly does little Rhcda bleed bis pur^e, affirm ing that she ought to extract h avy fees for tbe good that she has doue him. And, intieed, he is marvel lously improved, ne nu longer uemes mraseii to tne village ladies, all of whom Khoda introduces *.o him in turn. He ventures outside his gate on the week days ; he joins the liook Club, nnd attends its meetings — at first, indeed, with the scired losk of a snared thing, but he geU used in time te hearing his own voice in company, and proves a valuable acquisi tion to the society, not only by his suggestion* as to the selection of their literature, but also from the interesting nature of his conversation. His front curtain at church is now undrawn, and rumor says that he looks a good deal more at Aunt Rhoda than at the rector. Belinda Brown, who is rather aa old young lady, adds that it is really immodest for Miss lthoda Phipps— the does't ' aunt' her now— to call so often at his house; Dut sbe supposes that her agt protects her. At this spite and tattle, Aunt Rhoda only laughs. In all honesty of purpose, she simply tried to wm a fresh patron for her poor clients, and to convert a sul.'en recluse into an agreeable neighbor. She has succeeded, so let rumor and Belinda drown say what thej please. It must be owned, howeTer, that sh# takes a great interest in her protege, and champions him on all occasions against darriet, who now that her love-theory has proved false, and he lives like a commonplace gentleman instead »fa romantic hermit, is rather apt— with a most mild malignity, however — to depreciate hin. New Year's Eve has come again ; and a little after eleven tho sisters are sitting— this timo without com pany—in their little parlor, when they hear a knock at the front dcor. Rhoda, much astonished, runs to open it, and it still more surprised whep Mr Ph llips enters. He has had a sad relapse— his maiwaist honit has come back as bad as ever. He can hardly be persuaded to be seated ; he fidgets with his hat ; he looks askance at Miss Harriet, at if annoyed by her presence, but turns pale with fsar when by chance she rises, a.-, if about to leave the room ; he hems and haws ; he begins sentence-, and never ends them. ' Deeply grateful to Miss Rhoda '--'object for existence' — ' not let the year clocc.' are the only intelligible portions — and these but pcrtially in el igible— of hii fragmentary utterances. Miss Rhoda soon under stands him, however, and cheerily exclaims : I know what you mean, Mr Phillips ; but you'll never say it, if I don't help you, for we can't send Harriet up into the bedroom this cold night ; and if I wait till the clock strikes, I shall lose my chance of helping you. Tou want me to marry you, don't you } There, Harriet ! I said this time twelvemonths that I'd ask him, and see I hint I ' Neither Harriet, snugly housed in, nor we who visit at her happy, hospitable home (the holly hedge has been cut down),' have had any reason to regret that Miss Rhoda Phipps became, a month afterwards, Mrs Henry Phillips. — Ghambert's Jturnal. 