I ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. ANSWER TO THE KEV. MU. KENNY'S LETTER. I Ta the Editors of the Maitland Mercury, GENTLEMEN-An unusual pressure on my time prevented ino from answering sooner the letter of the lier. Mr. Kenny published in your issue or the 2lst April, nnd will now prevent me lrom going so much into detail In answering it as 1 might otherwise do. At the some time, however desirable it might be totreat somewhat fully the subjects presented in his letter, it requires but very little space to dispose of Its arguments. I might justly decline, ami but for tho importance of tho questions at iBSiie I would decline, to take any notice oí u pro- duction of which tlie very beginning la characterised by the grossest and most vulgar rudeness. Ira person who proposes to old a conference with you-and controversy Is a form of conference-begins by calling you a liar, you would be fully justified in rejecting lils proposal. Ho is fit only for Intercourse with those who repel inBults with Wows. As however, for the reason I have assigned, I do not adopt in the piesent instance what! consider the proper procedure towards such persona, it may bo proper that I distinctly state that I had not the (lightest idea that Mr. Kenny sotllclates at Hinton, till X derived that information lrom his letter. .... Mr. Kenny, unlike the moro politic members of his church, makes no secret of the sense in which ho calls tho Church ol Rome the Catbolio Church. He means by applying to It this desiguutlon that It is the Catholic, Church mentioned in the Apostle's Creed ; and the Catholic Church mentioned there Is tlie Universal Church of Christ, In which nil his pi opie ore comprehended, and out of which lhere is no salvation. Let protestants take notice ot tills. According to Mr. Kenny's acceptation of the terms Catholic Church, they unchurch themselves when they apply these terms to the Church of Rome. Hy and by Mr. Kenny will have a better opportunity of kuowing what I advanced in my lecture with respcot to Hie treatment given to the Scriptures by the Church of Rome, and the use that it makes of tradition ; in the meantime he is not correctly informed on this point. I perceive, however, that his, own views witli respect to the canon, the text, and the divine authority of the sirlpturcs, are exceedingly crude, as well as unsound. It might be of great bein lit io him to read Issue Taylor on " The transmission of ancient bonks," and another work by the same author entitled "The Process of Historical Proof. It he cannot procuro them otherwise I will gladly lend them to him, Mr. Keuny cannot see-I believe he cannot-now it is pos- sible for us, if wo reject tradition, to possess evidence that tho Scriptures are the »ord of God. But if he would only form a definite idea ol the tradition we reject ou the pne hand, and of Hie ground on whioh we receive the Scriptures as the word of God on the other, he could scarcely fall to perceive that tho latter i* lu no way dependent on the former. -The Church of Home professes to be ia possession of an unwritten tradition which is of the same authority with the written wordot God; so that, when It proclaims any doctrine as taught by that tra- dition, suoh doctrine is to bo at once received ; and, when It prescribes any rite as enjoined by that tradition, such rite is to be ut once udopted. This is the tradition thai we reject. But this tradition has nothing whatever to do with the ground on which we receive the Scriptures as the word of God. What this ground is will be moro easily explained if we take an illus- trativ cense. Take, ilion, a'single book of Scripture, say the Epistle to tho Homans. Ou "hat «round do we receive this Íortlou of Scripture as of diviue authority ? What we need to UBtify our so receiving It is, that we have sufficient evidence that it is the production of an inspired writer. Such evidence must consist of two branches : 1st, evidence that an epistle was addressed to the church in Rome by au luBiiired writer-by tho apostlePaul; and 2nd, iliat the Epistle to thcltornans, which wo possCKs, is that tho epistle so addressed to it. Now, proper evi- dence on the former of those points might be supplied by state- ments to tlie effect that the church in Rome had received and that if. possessed such an epistle, mado by persons who, In respect ol means of information and other» ise, were competent and trustworthy witnesses ; end lrom references to it as received and possessed by that church-such statements and references being of course fubjected to the tests and the critical examina- tion that ought always to be applied to historical ei ideucc. On the second point, proper evidence would be derived from tlie comparison of passages quoted from the apostolic epistle with passages identical with them found in the existing epistle. Such ¡lassages, though not numerous, would prove the identity of the epistle we possess with the epistle written by iheapos.lc. The purity ot the text Is established by similar evidence. Such, then, sa far as regards externat evidence, is the kind of evidence on which vve receive the Scriptures as the word of God ; and who does not see that it is entirely independent of the tradition on which the Church of Rome relics so much, and which Protestants reject? ihe mer« statement of the Church of Rome that the Scriptures ore tlie word of God is no evidence that they aro sucli ; and it is deplorable to observe that Mr. Kenny regards it, notwithstanding, as furnishing a sufficient, and the only sufficient, ground for the exercise ol' faith, or, as he and his church call it, " making au act of faith." He is not ia the least aware that mere external evidence, however ample and valid, Is Whollv Incapable of supporting saving faith ; or that such faith always rests on experimental evidence-the evi- dence furnished by one's own experience of tho power of tlie truth In one's soul, as applied there and made a " savour of Hie unto life" by the Holy Spirit. It Is strange Mr. Kenny does not himself Bee the utter child- ishness ol his argument that tradition was necessary before the discovery of the art of printing, because of tile paucity of copies of the Scriptures. Surely it waa as easy to convey to those who did not possess the Scriptures tbe knowledge ol what the Scriptnes teach, as to convey to them the knowledge of what tradltluu Is alleged to teach ; for they did not possess tradition any more than the Scriptures. And, then, this argument In- volved an admission that, now that bibles have been multiplied by the printing press, tradition is not uccessory. Mr. Kenn) uses another argument lu support of tradition very similar to the one which I have Just exposed. "The Scriptures," he says, " could not be intended as the sole rule of faith, because it was only at different times they wera written, and io particular places, or churches, or persons ;" that is, be- cause they were not all put into the hands of all at once. But ho»' dm» this follow ? .Might uot God have supplemented the Scriptures hy tile ministry of inspired teachers, until the conon was completed, and then have withdianii such ministry? But 1 need not ask this question ; we know it us II tact thal he did thus supplement them, except during the driury period between the ministry of Malachi aud the appearance of John the Baptist. The only passage of Scripture on which he attempts to found an argument in lavour of tradition is Mat XXV11I., io, 20, " Go ye tlicrelorc, and teach all nations," ice. " There is no command here from our Saviour," he remarks, " to disseminate the Scripture», which were nut )ct In existence"-the Old Testament was-"and to gel them translated." If the absence ol such a command here proves anything, it proves that the Scriptures arc not even a part of the rule of faith. And, then, tho answer b obvions, that, if euch a command Is found else- where, it terves tlie same purpose. If he does not hold, as his Church practically does, that it is not our duly to disseniluatc the Scriptures or to get them translated, his argument must fall to the ground. Having attempted to set aside the Scrip- tures, be next endeavours to establish tradition. With 11114 view he remarks that, In the passage under consideration, " a living speaking authority is appointed to teach all nations." Yes, a living speaking ministry wa« appointed, and, In tile first instance, it was an Inspired ministry ; but what support ca'i tradition derive Horn this fact ? The command to " teach all nations-tu leach them all things," was obeyed by writing tho different book« uf the New Testament, as well as by using the living voice in preaching the gospel. Having, dune what he could for tradition, .Mr. Kenny passes on toPuij-uiory, wherelic is very lung detained. His flint argu- ment, drawn from Macoabeee, which lie quotes as a portion of the- Old Testament Scriptures, is really au argument against Purgatory, and not in support ol it. The basis ot it is Unit " Judas MnccabeuB sent 12,v00 drachmas, that pra)eru should be said for the »oula 01 litóse siam m natue litre pray eis are bought, and bought at u very high price, as prayers tor the souls aaid to be iu Putgati r> arc continual» , while the ¡scrip ture ruk IH "1-rcely J« hu>c rcctlvcd.lrttry give No dogma or practice that Involves a violation of Ibis rule is or tun be ol Cud Ibu UM. that Mr Kuiny, in bis de Unce of Purgatory, niakts of the canonical ¡jcrlp tures lllmtratu tlu. course which the Church of Kumt is otan obliged io pursue in md Vourlug to obtain lu - port irom .Scilpiurt Ihe doctrine ol purgatory »as not di nvid from lilt Scrl| turcs, and, furthtr.lt Is at variance willi theirtiucldi g on poluta ol Ibu must vital Importance What, tutu, la Mr kenny to do, when challenged to prove this doc- trine irom Sei ipturca? Is he (o uckuonledge that It cannot be proved Irom Ham ? This vv ould be suicidal But ou the other baud, bott can he prove Irom tlio Soriptures what is contrary to I hem? Ht cannot do it atoll Bul, «lill, perhaps he may contrive to apptor to do It, it is likely enough tbere ma> be an incidental expression or two in the bible, or au obscure passage ortivo, that lu the hands of unscrupulous lugenuity may to some stem to rtftr to it, and »111 Ihtieiure by t-uch be regard d as proving It lids is precisely the sort ot passages that Mr kenny adduce*-passage» that cannot lor a moment be regarded a» teaching tilt doctrino ot purgatory as placing it before tile ntiud so that it tun be taken up by au intelligent lalth-pat, euhca » hielt do not even rtler to It, but still moy be made to piesuit smile appearance ot referilngtoit Hie un per mink ol dealing with Ibis sort of Scripture proof -to cull it such- is to dtler tilt consideration of it until it ia first ascertained »hut the Scriptures teach Intelligibly ou the puiut at issuu or on points that Involve It Proceeding thus lu tim prestut case, uc luquirc wliat the Scriptures ttaoh with nspecl tollu slate ol believers In Christ at death, and their prospects aller death, mil at once we Dud that they testily most distinctly that ' there Is no condemnation to them who art lu Christ Jesus'- Bora VIII,1-" Verily, verily, I say untoyou," aaya Christ himself, " he that heart th my tvord.anduelievethon him that sent me, bath everlastiug life, and shall not come Into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life '-John V , n And ou the second point, the prospects at believers aller death the testimony of Scripture 1» equully explicit and decided " We know, says the Apostle Paul, speaking for himself and his fellow believers, that if our earthly house of this tabernacle v>ere dissolved, «chave a building ol God, au hou e nat made u 1th hands, cierual in the licuvtus -J Cur V , 1 The siictt I sion presented beru as taking place In theooseol every believer ia, the dissolution ol ibu body, and then, not purgatory, bul the . house not made with bandi, ettmai lu the btovei s buch being the teaching ot the btrlpturea on those two points, they kaveno room lor purgatory t and to suppost that the v teach what the Church ot Kome holds with respect to purgatory is to suppose that they contradict tbcrastlves It Is at this stage ol the Investigation that Mr Kenny's pas eagis are to be taken up, and at this stage nu approach the in with the conviction that they do not ttaoh or even intímalo thal there Is a purgutory i aUdtthenvvo do approach them, wo at once perceive that If tiny are inttnded to convey Instruction to na on the aulijcot of pugatory, they are anything but clear and explicit W hen HU read them, und ask ourselves whether we could leam from them that lhere Is a purgatory, HI d what sort of placo It Is, we cannot but feel that we could not It is not enough that they moy stem to assent to the views on the subject which we derived irom other eourcw If tho doctrine ol purgatory is a scriptural doctrine, they must ttucli It themselves lu Its whole extent, or other pa-sages must teach ft, but this the passages adduced, and all the passages I that eau be adduced, entirely fall to do 'Ihe first of Mr kenny s passages, and the most suitable for his purpose, is Mut X11, 3i, ' whosoever Bpcaketb against tho Holy Ghost, It shall not be lorgiven him, neither in this world, neltbtr in the world to come" From this em ßballe declaration with respect to the sin against the Holy host, ho infers that other sins aro forgiven in the world to come But, suppose we concede this Inference, what then? Docs It prove that there U a purgatory ? It would rather prove the very opposite, for ¡u purgatory slusaro punished, and uut " lorgiven It Is surely strange reasoning to conolttdo that, because sins are forgiven In the world to come, there Is a place In that world lu winch sins aro puntthtd The Inference that other sins tbau that against the Holy Ghost aro toralvenin the world to come is not, I ooncelvc, justified by the text, but so far as the present argument Is concerned, ft Is Mr Kenny's business to show this, and not mine, for, clearly, so fur us vvu liavo evidence that men receive forgiveness of sin in the world tocóme, «chavo ovldcnce that tliey do not go to purgatory In that world to be punished for sin His uext passage is, 1st Cor lil 14, II any maim work nindi be burned he sholl suffer loss ; but hu ltliiiae.lt «hall be saved, y it so as by fire Hu argua Irom this text as If it stated that the pcrsouspoktn'of shall be saved by fire ¡ whereas what lístales is, that hu sboll be saved, yet so an by .rire-that lu, hu shall be saved, but, so to speak, barely ouly, lils case resembling that ol a person w ho makes a narrow escape with lils life from II house on fire TIiu only other passage ho adduces is Proverbs xx.lv 10. " A just man fullcth seven times, to which ho adds ' a day and then asks, ' It he die In his Bins will he go to hell ? If he bud i ead the next clause, "and rlieth up u.uiiln lie milln have learned from It that ho will not die in his sins Indeed, tho design of the proverb is to contrast the gately of tho "Just mau'with the oxpoMireot 'the wicked to ruin Ido not dt um li inoumbent upon mo to reconcile expressions in »hut Is culled tho Apostles Creed with tho viens 1 maintain though In the piesciit instance the txprcsalim adduced from that symbol Is imite rtoouolluaulu with them Neither do 1 acknovvledge any necessity that my views should liarinoiilso w lth thopu of Augustine or Calvin, iiiuoh as I revere those truly grtal and good mon I will only say In reference to the appeal which ho makes to thom, that neilin r praying for tho deuil uur the belief ol a mid Ile state implies the bellet of purgatory 1 must now conclude Mr tyi-uuys tulvoouoy or Hie use of Inmuta la even weaker than the resto! lils other arguments, and 1 will not ousiver In a letttr ulrcitdy too long what doe» not merit or require un uuswer I 1 am, &o;, WILLIAM M'INTYRR ÇTIits must close tlio religious controversy lu our uews conmina,-Eus. M. M.] Tile nomination lor East Macquarie took place at Kelso on tho :10th ult. Mr. H. C. Dangar, Mr. D. II Dculchy, and Mr. I ,1 B, M'Gulgtiii wer«, nominated. The show of linuds belli'* i much lu luvoitr of Mr. ihmlehy, » poll was deuiiuid.e4 on behalt of the other candidat«. . 