SONNET. I DRSXMCD— I saw a little rosy child, With flaxen ringlets, in a' garden playing ; Now Stopping here, and then afer off straying, As flower or butterfly his feet beguiled- Twas changed — one summer's day I stepped aside, To let htm pass \ his face had maohood'eseemlng; And that foil eye of blue was fondly beaming On a flur maiden, whom he called " his bride 1" Once more— twas evening, and the cheerful fire Isaw a gronpof yonthml forms surrounding ; The room with harmless pleasantry resounding ; Ami tn tile midst I marked the nulling ora. The heavens were clouded 1 and I heard the tone Of a slow -moving belli the wklteijurfd pan (ru gone! r-OU JotmfoL . s A Ghost in Love. — -A fen npr, w ho had htdy.bepope a. widower, was aroused at. mid night by the'loud barking of his dog. On going to it; the animal displayed exteeme to1!) whereupon the farmer tpok his gun and pro ceeded to an inspection. 1 at once he saw a phantom, clqthcd in s |ieet, rise behind the hedge.' l%e frempt 'tinned eadly pale, raid his liinbs ghppk ifith dismay. He, how ever, contrive) to ejplate, "If yon come from God, speak ; if from the devil, vanish !" — " Wrstcii," fTflaimed the ' phantom, "" I am your deceased wife; come from thp grave to warn yqq npt to marry Maria A , to whom you ace pslqng lova The only .woman to succeed jne is Henrietta. B -rr-pF1 Many h®; pr petseputipn find etetnab-lfrrment shall be your doqm." ' This sjjgnge address from the goblin, instead ofAismayiiig the farmer, re- Stored his 'fo acpordingly pished tp 3B.1 'HtwSter, apd, stripim off (ha n r A ir1 the fur Henrietta B bwstifjjj «) moajmArtTMnely foolish. It is sard that the -after,' admiring the giri'a trick, has Faff' jfhe banns published for his marriage with her. — Qatediead Observer. Effects ofXight upon Heauh. — There is a marked difference in the healthiness of houses according to their aspeqt in regard to the 'sun. Those are decedly thp bpaRhiest, pthgr things bring equal, in which ail rooms "are; during some part of the day, fully exposed to d"®?1 ligit It is well known that epidemics attack the in habitants of the shady side of a steed; and totally exempt those qf the other side.— 2>r. Moore. Strengthening Properties of Tea. — At the public meeting in this town, to promote a reduction of the duty oh tea, Mr. Marfcyn J. Roberts referred to the physical pondifion pf the inhabitants of the Channel Islands, whose consumption of this article exceeds that of the people of England in about the proportion of 3 to 1, and to the published opinion of Pro fessor Liebig, in proof that tea is a strengthen ing rather than debilitating beverage; if used with moderation. During the week, we'have learned from an eminent linguist and professor of the United States, that the most able medical men of that country entirely concur in the opinion. This gentleman also stated a feet from bis own knowledge whiph is yrprth bring recorded. A literary friend of his, under the conviction produced by certain statements which he had read and heard, that tea was in jurious, resolved to abstain from it He continued this abstinence for a year, during which tiiqe, instead pf finding benefit frog) the the change he experienced a tocmt of tone which surprised and mortified him. At the end of the year he resolved tq try whether this arose frpm his abstinence from tea ; he resumed its use, and soon had the gratification to feel a return of the healthful sensations which he had enjoyed previous to the -abandonment of this cheering beverage. — Leeds Mercury. . . Too Much Anxiety. — Of the causes of disease, anxiety of the mind is one of the most -frpqqent mid important. When we .walk the streets of large commercial to>vns, we can scarcely Jail to remark the hurried gait and careworn features of. the well-dressed passen gers. Some young men, indeed, we may see with countenances possessing natural -cheerful ness aud colour ; but these appearance rarely survive the age pf inpnhood. ' Ouvier closes an eloquent' description of animal existence and change with the conclusion that life is a state of force.", What he would urge in a physical view, we may moye strongly nige in a moraL Civilization has changed our character of mind, as well as of body. We live in a state of un natural excitement,' because it is partial, ^ir regular, and excessive. Our muscles waste 'for want of action ; our nervous system is worn out by excess of action. Vital energy is drawn from the operations for which nature d gripped it, and devoted to operations which it never con- templated. — Thackeray. , On the cover of one of the London periodi cals-is an advertisement for a person possessed of the following combination of talents:— " Wanted, a person who understands the differ ent branches of husbandiy and dairy (a part ner), who can lodge in the business the sum of three or five hundred pounds, strictly religious character — if a CMvinistmostSgreeable. If he has abilities for a preafihertimbetfef.s Jet blade eyes sue an attraction, jet black hair ditto, but jet black finger-nails should be strenuously avoided.' A Fact. — The ready wit of a true-bom Iririi- man, however humble his station, is exceeded only by his gallantry. A few' days since tie observed a case in point. A sudden gust of wind took a parasol. out pf the hands of its owner, and before we had a chance to recollect whether it would be etiquette .to catch the parasol of a lady, to whom we had. never been introduced, a lively ; Emetaldex droop bis hod of bricks, casgfit the paraphpfe to tiierqidstof its Ellsler-like gyrations, tind presentecl' it to' the loser with a bow which reminded us of poor .. Power. " Faith gju d hn a he did so, jjjgif you were as-strong aa yon are Jiaridgomeit Wouldn't have got a.wy Jtom you." j. ; V " Which sbril I ftunk ypp forrffirst; the Beei-vice or the compliment tiip lady, F. spiling. " "p. .'X"i'Vjs-"ivf''W . 1 ' "Troth, ma'am," saidlfcagam tonckipg the place where once stood the brim of wKat onpe " was a beaver, " that look idf your own heauti&l; eyes tiiardcedmefdr'igAlV.j.. ;... f " CcRioua CiuajifenoN.'-— Tlfe tut number rf -inhabitants who do livq, and have lived; upon the face of tlie earth, appears, at first ; right, tO-AMy. "Die nowers of calcnlatfen: ' Bat if wC sappoce theVoBd to have exi Aedaix thonaand ye»s ; timi 'there now exist' one (hoes and -.jnilljpjts; ihtt "a' genraffoh jiariea'away ip thirty years t (hat every past gen eration' averages the present; and that four indi viduals may stand pn tae'sqoareyara,welind that the whole number will not noenpy k coinpaas as great as one-fourth the exfeotbiEnglaad. Alio wing six thousand years onpe, toe creatfea >ad a genera- -tion to: pass away In.thirte pfiSSBhffiEive two hundred generatian pliiA,Jat one thousand millions eaeh,"" nT'lw WotiBndred thoiual yqoare yards ; them ate, in ,a square anile,- three \- million), ninety-sevenDm, d three squarendfea. the root of "bera; is abimTdwlufeatea ' that one bandied wilihcfbgnd enffirfentto nvmrah, 'sw ;«im,iiTiiiY'ki,iil : rather ontinhipbrii the Bi&mh;' : '%wnM qeoMifesti'Y The son of a London .timber merchant, when- collecting his fether's rents, was Introduced by s labourer, wko had come intb'tiie possession of some property, to his daoghter, a sempstress ; and if the collector would tauuty her, the la bourer dffered to give him £500. The proposal was accepted on both sijle& and thp qrip-anned collector and the youpg women, whose legs wwe of unequal Imigth, woe married ; butthp' £500 not being paid, an action was brought J(y the son-in-law agmnst the fether-in-law. At the (dose pf tjie plantiffs case, counsel for the' fether-in-law objected that three was no case, because -the promise Was npt in writing, and because the plaintiff hd nipt elated that he married pu the feith of ' The ejection was fetal ' " ' ' " "- ! ' ' 