COUNTRY NEWS. Effects of the Hot Wind. — We have seen some specimens of fruit brought, from Geelong and left at our office, ' in proof of the baking or rhasting effect of Ihe hot wiud of Smday list. Apples, . plums, ocd grapes all presen-. the appearance of fruit half roa&t; jfl, and the odor and t-tste also are precisely like the odor and tus'e of fruit eubjeoted to the notion of firo. No cl«ar-:r proof of the great heatofthe day in question, and of theios^ occadoned thereby, cou'-d well ba given .—Ball 1 arat Star., .. . Bosu Fibk.3 — The lute duaetro'is fire in Ihe ' parish ol' Glendarnel, was mon? extei Bive and' de- structive th -n porsotiK at adistauoe really iuiagti^e'd Tuu'flrp broke ou1. ttboat twelve o'olocx on 'thiuday morning, in a dry gaily Km' the f*na of. Mr Todd,'; situate in a lonely, vale, between Mouat Bolton aud Mount Beckwitii, nud' witliiu a few perches of tho road,, diH.mt .about si.vtee 1 miles1- from Baliaa-at. Jho appearance of the country ovar 7 fehich ihe Hre. traversed is that of,m-wly ploughed ?:round. 0:i, either side of the One Mile llul, for a distance of Similes in length, and varying from one to one and a half in breadth, nothing is seen but a-lract of country destitute of graes, of rail or fence, wilh tbe black smouldering remains of somo half burnt tro scattered here and there. aB me mentoes of this devastiog scourge, which has ren« dered destitute several poor struggling firm err, mauy of wbem are now houseless and penniless ? Ibid. More Frightened than Hurt. — Yesterday as two Celestials were passing a butcher's shop in Bridge street, the one being a little in advance of the other, a powerful gust of wind which passed over at the time, blew down two or three shutters which had been stacked outside the door. These fell upon :John the hindmost," and gave him a rather sudden and unexpected capsize. The fright ened Mongolian gave one stifled groan, which suc ceeded in attracting the attention of his brother of the sun, and then, evidently giving himself up for lost, to all appearance gave up the ghost, and laid down in a thoroughly melodramatic swoon. Two or three people rushed up, and the shutters were removed; John was raised from the ground, and with a most dolorous aspect proceeded on his way, in company with his mate. — Bendigo Advertiser. An Acceptable Offer. — Mr Kneebone offers to show a lead in Bowman's Forest that will produce 10,000 ounces of gold — asking as a reward the re ally moderate sum of L1000, and himself adds the stipulation that the reward shall not be payable or be paid until the 10,000 ounces shall have been obiained, to warrant his demanding it. On such terms surely Beechworth and the neighborhood ought to be able and willing to guarantee the sum asked for. — Ovens Constitution. A very few davs ago a man named Charles Green, a miner, living at Lamplough, was robbed about two miles from tbe Bet Bet Creek, on the road between Dunolly and Avoca. A man pre sented a pistol, and took from him four L1 notes, a silver watch, two nuggets, and some fine gold ; after which he retired into the bush, and has not since been heard of. 