ITALIAN INDEPENDENCE. A (FROM Hill still, NOVEMBER 18. ). If Italy saves her independence it will be as by fire. The nomination of M. Buohcompagni to the Regency of the Italian States has not passed without a strong remonstrance from the preach, Government. Indeed, this' word is not strong enough, for it is plain that the Emperor has almost commanded Victor Emmanuel to an i to the act of his relative, the Prince de Carignan. From the tone of the French semi-official Press, and from the indignation of the clerical party, we may judge how much importance is attached. to the nomination, which has been fitly described in , an acceptance by the King of the sovereignty of Central Italy. Of the future we have no power to speak. The fate of Central ItnJyis still bidda t under clouds, and no one can say whether it months hence content and tempered freoJu'ii will reign there, or Pope and priest, duke and commandant, be once more installed, with deceitful promises of amendment, but with all their old power and more than all their old perversity. Alan cannot dispose of these events. All that we can do is to watch the stream and direct; it in best we may. No one will suspect an English Government of anything but sympathy for the 3 condition of the Italian populations, and a fervent wish to see them in possession of the first step to liberty national independence. , But Ihorojinust evidently be a long and obstinate strife. The Italians are firm, the French, an I Austrian interests do not conceal their irritation, and the epithets of "headstrong," "ungrateful," "impracticable," and "turbulent," are freely applied to the people whom Prince Napoleon Jerome was lately sent to revolutionise. The late fronts are, we will not bay 11 defiance to France, but a proclamation that Italy is not die pendant on other States for the settlement of its internal affairs. It puts in question the whole right 1 of the French and Austrian Government i to restore the rulers of countries which do not belong to them ; and whenever Europe is ap- pealed to by means of a Congress it will be to \- decide, not what Government shall be given t I I Central Italy, but whether the Government which it has given to itself shall be destroyed by foreign force. . On the other hand, the French Emperor seems determined to carry his point. This may not be to restore the former state of things, or even t > establish the faintly-improved system sketch. I out in his late letter. But it is to give Italy the institutions and the rulers that he pleases. The Treaty of Zurich contains conditions which fol- lowed! necessarily from the arrangements made at Villafranca. The Emperor may not be desirous of having these carried out to the letter ; but, as they have his assent, and as he has arro- gated, to himself the right of arranging Italian affairs without the advice of his ally or the consent of the people, he seems determined that any change in the conditions shall be proposed by himself, and sanctioned by him and his late adversary. This great battle must be fought out in the Congress, which seems at last likely to meet. The result we do not pretend to foresee; but', the course of England is clear, since our sympathies and the maxims of international law all lead in the same direction. The declaration of Lord John Russell, that England' will take no part in a Congress unless the right of the ill- ians to settle their affairs without the armed intervention of foreigners is recognised, should be the principle of British action in this matter. This being once settled, everything will "depend on tile Italians themselves. They must be award that the fate of their country lies in their own hands, and that France and Austria the two great military Powers which aspire to rule there, cannot be the waited by England, of' Prussia, or Russia, or all Europe united, unless the Italians by a firm demeanour give the neutral Powers a basis for their representations or roiiio/straimai. Assuming, however, that Italy still persists in over ting her independence, and that Victor 13 u manuel is not tempted to restrain M. Boone > i lagnijWO have no doubt that the public opinion iC . Europe will support them. All the French ar,; i ments, are based on the assumption that a Congress alone can settle the affairs of Italy and legalise any act done at Florence or Bologna, Now, this claim would be too absurd for contradiction, if it did not come from the masters of half a million troops. That an Assembly of European States has any right to dispose of the people of Italy or of any other country is a pro- position both now and dangerous. It in against both reason and practice. If adopted, it would place every small State at the mercy of " com ination of three out of live Powers, and, would be matter of no small importance even to a nation like our own. We have seen that in 1853 51\. Walowski thought fit, while discussing the Turko-ltussian question, to call the attention of the Plenipotentiaries to the Press of Belgium This is only a sample of what may be expected if these claims of the assembly called a Congress be allowed. The government of Ireland, or India, or the Ionian Islands may as Well be regulated by a majority of the Five Powers M the Government of Tuscany or, the Legations We can never admit that any number of State, however powerful or enlightened, may increases 011 the independence of a neighbour. As we have before remarked the States represented in the Congress can only meet for the regulation of, their own affairs that is, their own relations to the Italian Peninsula. The independence of this latter cannot be interfered with by.tih^Co.i grass; is not done by the Italians can be ignored; no decision reversed ; all the Plenipotentiaries will have a right to do is to take accomplished facts, and then consider how their respective States ought to behave in the price of those facts. This is the theory of thornier, and it is strictly in accordance with practice. lattin present generation nations have over and or pi again changed their rulers without the preliminary assent of any general international council. Where is the Congress which has consented to the ti master of Milan from Austria to France, and from France to Said in Can it be said that this great European change requires the assent of the Five Powers, or that M. Walewski would listen to a plenipotentiary who declared that the ratification of England, or Russia, or Prussia was necessary? And how are the deposition of the Tuscan Grand Duke and the overthrow of the Papal tyranny in the Romagna loss accomplished facts than the cession of Lombardy If we go into Congress we must place all on the same level, and declare that Tuscany and' the Romagna have as much right to cede themselves to Sardinia as Francis Joseph or Napoleon had to transfer the Government of Lombardy. THE GHOST AT THE WAR OFFICE. - Mr. William Howitt writes to Mr Charles Dickens, controverting the suggestion of a writer in All the Year Round, who said that ghosts were " thoughts." Mr. Howitt makes several assertions as to haunted houses and ghosts":-" Poor ; the brewer, has a house at Cheshunt, now, is consequence, shut up, and presenting a most ghostly aspect out of which every tenant for these 2 years or more, has been driven by one of those queer, rampant, gallivanting thoughts, Mrs. Charles Kean's sister and husband, Mr. and Mrs. Chapman, among the rest. Mr. Proctor, of Wil. lington, near Newcastle-on- Tyne, whose haunted, house' I once visited, has been permanently driven out of it by one of these troublesome, thoughts. Whoever sets himself to re- serve all the ghosts Mint have appeared in this blessed world from Job's appari- tion, which made his hair stand on end, or Biutus's evil genius, down to that of Captain Whcntcroft, which, the other day, compelled the War Office to correct the ditto of his death before Lucknow in the official return, into thought suggestions, will leave Don Quixote and his windmills amazingly far behind. Are you aware that there has existed for years a society, jocularly called the Ghost Club, consisting of a number of Cambridge men who have taken high honours there, and now hold high posts in this work-a-day world", 'cute fellows and much considered, whom object has been thoroughly to sift this question, of apparitions, and to test the cases produced by C cry test of logical and metaphysical inquiry, by the principles of the severest legal and historical evidence and that, after examining a vast number of such statements, the conclusion they have come to is that the ghosts have it '" As the correspondence was a merely private and friendly one, we do not feel ourselves at liberty to publish Mr. Dickens's answer, in which he assure Mr. Howitt that the cases given in all the Year Round were genuine cases in no degree. altered or garnished that he has heard the. narrator relate them for years as perfectly true and what is more, that the narrator has himself lived in famous haunted house in Kent, which it shut up now, or was the other day. That he, himself has always taken a great interest in, these matters, but requires evidence such as he has not yet met with and that, when he " thinks of the amount of misery and injustice that constantly obtains in this world, which st word from the departed dead person in question could set right, he would not believe could not believers the War Office Ghost without) overwhelming evidence." ' < LEATHER LEGGINGS FOR SOLDIERS. on their leggings are to become an article of clothing for the troops. A circular from the Secretary of State for War has been issued to all general officers and officers commanding corps of infantry, to the effect that each non-commissioned officers and soldier of the Foot Guards has rcgtrñerlí« of infantry of the line, setting at home and in the colonies, is to be supplied with them. His Royal i fciignnosB the General Commanding in-Chief does uses the commanding officers may be apprised that the leather leggings are to be worn over the trousers, which are to he pulled up to the top of the boot, neatly folded round the leg. The leggings, ore only to he Dvorak in muddy weather; fine of guard "mounting When wnen&xry.-Zfjiilir; Xeres, in' ' 