LECTURE BY. THE REV, DR. MURRAY, OF MAYNOOTH... (From the Wexford People:) On Sunday, April 22nd, the Rev. Dr. Murray, Professor of Theology in Maynooth, preached the annual charity sermon on beluilf of the Lancasterian and Convent Schools, in the Church of the Imma culate conception, Rowe-street, Wexford. The ex pectation of hearing this eminent divine attracted a large and respectable congregation. The Right Rev. Dr. Furlong was called to the chair amidst loud apnlause. His lordship briefly addressed the meeting, expressed his satisfaction at presiding on such an occasion, and paid a high compliment to the talents of the lecturer, who was an old friend and fellow labourer of his own. The Rev. Dr. Murray then proceeded to deliver the lecture : — I have selected, or rather the strong emotions of my own heart have forced upon me, as the subject of my address to you this evening, the great topic of the day— the deadly war of rebellion now raging against the 'Holy See. Nothing else so occupies the mind of tho whole civilised world. Within the Church and without ; it has stirred a deep and universal commotion. It is the ever- recurring theme of the anti- Catholic press. That gigantic liar, the Times— that Cerberus of 'these king doms'— Cerlierus hicc inqons latratu rcgna trlfauci Personat, ndverso reoulians immanis in antro— that ever-heaving volcano of slander — the thunderer of Printing House square. as he loves to hear him self called — launches, every week at least, one of his rosin bolts at the head of the Sovereign Pontiff. Now he assumes a tone of light ridicule, now of supercilious contempt, now of bitter scorn, now of downright ferosity, but always a shameless liar and impudent sophist. The Papacy is ever haunting and stinging him, the spectre of his wild delirium tremens. They affect to despise the Pope. Ah! if they really feel that he was despicable, they would trouble themselves very little about him. They have an uneasy feeling, which they try to smother, and would not for the world acknowledge, that he is to use the cant of the day, a great fact, aye, the greatest fact in the univere, and that he and the Christian Church, of which he is the Supreme Ruler, are the only fact among all the institutions on earth, that possesses and exhibits an undying life, and indestructible reality. In our bosoms the events that are passing around us excite feelings of a very opposite character. In us they kindle into a deeper intensity our love and loyalty towards our common Father, our faith strong as the pillars of Heaven. Through the thickest darkness of the storm with which the loosened passions of the wicked ones beleaguer the Church and its Holy See, the glance of faith penetrates, like an arrow of light, and sees, behind, the great work of God, the great temple which, eighteen hundred years ago, He built on the everlasting rock, still unmoved, for ever unmoved, in the fulness of its strength and beauty : Like the fair moon on a stormy night, Airionp tlie fugitive clouds tlmt, hurrying by, Leave only her unshaken in the sky. The royai apostles of sedition — hardly hypocrites, with a mask so thin — tell us that the whole question is of a purely temporal qharacter, and that the in terests of the spiritual order are in no way involved. On a recent occasion I demonstrated, briefly indeed, but by arguments which, whether unanswerable or not, no attempt has yet been made to answer, how utterly false and anti-Christian was that shallow pretence. I purpose this evening to present the subject to you, under another aspect, and to show you that the war now waged against the Holy See is only a new move, a new scene — if, indeed, I can call it new — in the old, undying, world-wide conflct of the two standards — the radiant ensign of the Prince of Peace, and the Black Banner of Hell. The heresies of the latter ages are strongly marked with two features, more defined indeed and developed in some, yet common to all. The first of those is the spirit of insubordination, the spirit of revolt against lawful authority, that spirit which, in the language of the Apostle Judo, despises dominion and blas phemes majesty, 'the spirit of the device blazoned on the flag of Satan, the first rebel, Non scrviam. ' I will not serve.' The second is the principle which affirms the lawfulness, the right, the duty of severing entirely and absolutely the natural from the supernatural order, of severing not only the affairs of the temporal order viewed in tKemselves ob jectively and in the abstract, but of severing the whole course of human action in reference to those affairs from the principles and influence of the spiritual or religious order. Never did the teeming brain of the arch-enemy of man devise principles, more damnable, prin ciples more subversive not only of all revealed religion but of all natural law. They ace principles which, if really carried out in action, would leave not one stone standing on another in the social fabric ; would degrade the sonl of man from the image of the living God, after which it was created, to the image of the beasts of the field that perish. Every day of our lives, on the bended knees of our hearts, we ought to thank God for having preserved us from the contamination of these heresies. Accustomed as your cars have ever been to drink in only the pure Catholic truth, you can but imperfectly grasp the compass of their meaning ; and I am quite sure you can but feebly realize to yourselves the stupendous magnitude of evil with which that meaning is pregnant. It was the operation of these two principles which, in the sixteenth century, rent away. so large a part of Europe from the centre of Christian unity. It, is the domineering influence of these two principles which keeps so much of it still in darkness and in the shadow of death. Of the war now waged against the Holy See they are not only the very life but the very justification, frankly avowed and openly proclaimed. Sent forth once more from the gates of perdition, daring in the hatred and strong in the strength of impious kings and counsellors, once more with all their fury they assail tho Rock of Ages. But He who said, ' ' Be light made' and light was made,' has also said, ' They shall not prevail against it,' and, be sure, they shall not. Every people, they tell us, has a right to cashier, at will, its supreme governments, how legitimate so ever it may be, and to substitute instead any government or form of government it pleases. The Church of Christ has no light to pro nounce ; on the moral character of any such re volt, to decide that it is a sin against the law of God, or to punish it as such with spiritual censures. These are tho two principles on which, as on a broad basis, the justification of the recent sacrile gious robbery of the Holy See is made to rest. Sometimes, it is true, they are to deceive the un wary, enveloped in a cloud of glittering' and un meaning words, sometimes softened down with hollow and self-contradictory professions. But strip them of this veil of nonsense and hypocrisy, look at them in the light of recorded events, of the public acts of the excommunicated royal robbers, and they are exactly, and without any exaggeration, as I have stated them; Look at the recent declara tion of the King of Sardinia— that obscene wretch, whose whole carecr, as I learned from unquestiona ble authority, has been, even during the life of his late Queen, an unbroken course of profligate de bauchery, whose name it is almost a defilement to utter or to hear— look at that manifesto, and you will find them in it. Look again into that document, and you will find Cavour's royal disciple professing himself a true Catholic, professing his reverence for the Pope, and, in the overflowing blasphemy of his heart, arrogating for his wicked deeds tho imme diate and miraculous sanction of heaven ! This is the inspiration of the father of lies, of him who was a murderer from the beginning. Listen now to the only inspiration to which the Catholics of Ireland have ever lent an ear, from the days of Celestine, who founded our Church through Patrick, to the days of his successor Pins IX. I need not repeat for you the well known and weighty words of the Apostle, quoted by the Sovereign Pontiff in the late Bull of Excommunication: — 'Let every soul be subject to higher powers ; for there is no power but from God ; and those that are ordained of God. Therefore, he that resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God. And they that resist purchase to themselves damnation .... Be subject of necessity, not only from wrath (that is, fear of punishment), but also for conscience sake.' I 1, he. Let every soul be subject to the higher powers, says the Holy Ghost. I will not be subject, says the proud heretic. I will not be subject, says Martin Luther. What care I for a hundred Jeromes or a hundred Augustines ? What care I for the voice of antiquity, or for any voice but my own ? I will be my own Bishop, my own Pope, my own Church. Non scrviam, I will not obey ' Let every soul be subject to the higher powers,' says the Holy Ghost. I will not be subject, says the proud revolutionist. All men are born equal, I am as good a man as any monarch or emperor. I will obey no king or law save the king and law I have made for myself or have had a voice in making. The Church and the Gospel are very good in their own way, but they must not interfere in temporal matters. I am for the ' sacred right of insurrection,' according to Robespierre and Marat, Lord Ellenborough and Lord John Russell. Non serviam, I will not obey. Listen again to the Holy Spirit speaking through the lips of the Vicar of Christ, and through him addressing the universal Church — ' Since we have learned that in writings scattered among the people certain doctrines are proclaimed, destructive of the loyalty and obedience due to princes, and kindling everywhere the torch of revolt ; we must take the greatest care that the people be not deceived thereby, and drawn from the path of light. [Then, after quoting and reasoning on the text of St. Paul which I have just read for you, and after referring to certain facts in the early history of the Church, the Pontiff proceeds.] These illustrious examples of inviolable subjection to princes, which flowed necessarily from the most holy precepts of the Christian religion, are the condem nation of the detestable arrogance and wickedness of those who, burning with an immoderate and unres trained passion for license, direct all their energies to weaken and pull down all the rights of the supreme powers, bestowing on the people slavery under the show of liberty.' This extract is taken from the Ency clical of Gregory XVI., Mirari vos, issued August loth, 1832, addressed to the Universal Church, by it accepted, and therefore in all things defined in it, according to all Catholic Theolo gians, a strict rule of faith. There is a curious cir cumstance connected with the history of this famous Encyclical, which, as it is not generally known in this country, and as it is closely connected with the matter of this lecture, I will briefly narrate to you. — The late unfortunate Abbe La Mennais, an:l a band of associates, of whom lie was: so; unworthy, had for some time conducted a periodical, in the Catholic interest, called L'Avenir. In 'this' peri odical were put forward and advocated,. from time to time, though in a slightly different and greatly mitigated form, the two very principles which I am now combating, namely, the lawfulness of revolt and of the separation of the temporal and spiritual oraers. Against these very errors as advocated in L'Avenir was this very Encyclical mainly directed. Upon receipt of a letter from Cardinal Pacca, ad dressed to the conductors, and intimating the mind of the Pontiff, they formally submitted and discon tinued the periodical. La Mennais subsequently broke out into open rebellion against the Pope, and about six years ago, died impenitent, and, by his own request, was buried like a dog, without any re ligious ceremony. Great God ! how dreadful 13 that sin, the first ever committed, the peculiar sin of Lucifer and his angels, the sin of pride and revolt against lawful authority! How bitter the fruits of that seed of all bitterness and pain and sorrow — non serviam, I will not obey ! It is right to add that all the associates of La Mennais remained true to their first vow of allegiance ; and became distinguished ornaments, some of them among tho most dis tinguished ornaments, of the French Church. The Abbe Lacordaire and Count Montalembert — men whose names are enough for you — 'Were among their number. I might quote other passages, equally clear and cogent, from other Constitutions of Gregory XVI., and of our present Holy Father. But you need no more. You need not even so much. But if you did require to bo enlightened on this subject, one word, one whisper clearly, conveying to you the doctrine of the Holy Church, wore enough and all .sufficient. Not only all-sufficient, but to men of common sense and honest purpose, following the mere light of reason, quite unuecesary. Unroll the history of the past, in every clime and in every age; it teaches but one uniform lesson. But you need not undertake so vast a task. 'Listen to what those still living can tell you ; look around at what yourselves can see, Out of evil sometimes there issues good ; not from evil as from the cause, but in spite of it, and as a remedy fur it — God's special providence and' mercy so ruling and overruling — as Adam's sin brought about the Incarnation of the son of God. Revolt against legitimate authority is al ways a sin, a deadly sin ; its own proper and direot results are always evil. Whatever else it may be rebellion is always a sickle in the devil's hand, with which he reaps perhaps his richest harvest. Look at France. Seventy years ago, she entered on her career of revolutions. Is that career yet closed ? When will it close? God alone can tell ? Do her people enjoy more political power, more personal liberty now than they did then ! Are the guaran tees for the pure administration of justice stronger, is the actual administration of justice purer, now than it was then ? Is the black bread of the mere peasant better now than it was then ? We all know the true answer to these questions. But suppose the most favourable answers could be given ' Suppose that the improvements in the political, , social, and physical condition of the French people had been as great and decided, as they have been little and delusive; what then ? Are kingdoms ' menageries, are men mere animals, whose supreme I happiness it is to be well-fed and cared for, and. to , have, each the undisturbed range of his own den or his own cage? Are political liberty, and neat cottages, and abundance of beef and beer an excuse and an absolution for whole years of crimes so many and so appalling that the memory of them can never, die,so pregnant with the seeds of moral evil that their bad influence remains to this day, and may remain for many a day and many a generation yet to come ? Look at England, whose constitution is ' the envy of surrounding nations' — especially, no doubt, of our august ally the Emperor of the French ! The subject is a wide one, and the limits of my time are narrowing. I will read for you one or two extracts from a Protestant writer of very high position, lately deceased, the Rev. M. J. Conybeare, late Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, and the author of some highly esteemed works. The ex tracts which I am about to read are taken from two articles which appeared originally in the Edinburgh Review, and have since been republished, with others, in a volume. Speaking of the condition of religion in England thirty years ago, he says : — ' About the time of the first appearance of the ' Tracts' [for tho Times] half the religious world was going mad after the Irvingites (who spoke in unknown tongues), the Rowites (who worked miracles), and the Plymouth Brethren (who advocated a community of goods).' — Conybeare's Essays, page 101'. Speaking of the condition of the working and artizan class in Eng land at the time the essay was written, that is, between six and seven years ago, he says: — It is a melancholy fact that the men who make our steam engines and railway carriages, our presses and tele graphs, ths furniture of our houses and the clothing of our persons, have now in a fearful proportion re nounced all faith in Christianity. They regard the Scripture as a forgery, and religion as priestcraft, and are living without God in the world. The reve lations of the late census have shown that in England alone there are more than five millions of persons who absent themselves entirely from religious worship.' — Ibid, page 100. Speaking of the upper classes he says:— 'We have already noticed the diffusion of infidel opinions among the lower classes ; but the mischief is not confined to them. The highest ranks and must intelligent professions are influenced by sceptical opinions, to an extent which, twenty years back, would have seemed incredible.' — Ibid, page 163\. Speaking, in another essay published just six years ago, of that loathsome crew of conspirators against all morality and all decency, the Mormonites, he says : — ' Great Britain is the true theatre of Mormon triumph. An official census is published half-yearly, whence we learn that in July '53 the British saints [so the Mormonites style themselves] amounted to 30,690 .... We may add, that 25,000 copies of the Millenial Star, the Mormon organ, are sold weekly.' Ibid, page 360. Again he says that 'this fanatical superstition has made more dupes in England than in all the world besides.' Ibid, page 375. I need not refer to the well-known Parliamentary Commission in our own day which revealed such an amount- of moral darkness and degradation in the mining districts of England as could not be surpassed in the interior of Africa among the worshippers of Mumbo Jumbo. ' Martha, Martha, thou art careful and art troubled about many things, but one thing is necessary.' ' What doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world aud suffer the loss of his own soul ?' The British Con stitution is a fine thing, and political liberty is a fine thing, and it is a fine thing to be a mighty nation, and have a leading part in controlling the destinies of the world, and have a people of gentlemen farmers and merchant princes, and a fleet that rules the waves and sweeps the seas. But leave us the dirty rags and dry potatoes and smoky cabins of our half fed, half-clad, haf-housed peasantry. Aye, give us back the old penal days, under whose shadow not yet wholly vanished we still live. Give us back the long, long reign of terror, when the Marats and Carriers and Couthons and Barrers of tho day 'aliens in language, aliens in religion, aliens in blood.' hunted down the anointed priests of God, like wild beasts, and dismantled our churches and convents, and overturned our altars. Give us back the days of darkness and horror, when the shaft of a murderous ascendancy, the crosier of a bastard hierarchy were the symbols of government and jus tice, of law, and order, under which the Catholics of Ireland groaned, and bled. Stripped of all that earth can give or earth can take away; but leave us the faith of our fathers, the hope that points to the better land above, and the love and fear of God the wings of light that waft us up thither. Away with those unholy dreams of independence and na tionality, won by sin, reached only through a sea of rebellion unutterable, unnumbered crimes. Bet ter Ireland in squalor and bondage, grinding at the mill with the gospel that Patrick gave her still graven on her heart, than Ireland, godless and graceless throned and crowned and sceptred as a queen. Better Ireland with six millions of Catholic beggars, than Ireland with six millions of children rich and strong and high, one-half of them Atheists and most of the other half little better. Better Ireland, without uncomely and desolate, with the glory of the King's daughter within in golden bor ders, thaii Ireland, without a whited sepulchre within all rottenness and bones. Better Ireland straining to regain her ancient title of 'Island of Saints,' yet a byword to the nations, than Ireland, gemmed in the ocean, a Sea-Sodom,' the envy and the terror of the world, yet before God a thing false and foul, and poor and blind and naked. This world is a fallen world. Thank God, it is not our home. Its fashion passeth away. We come to-day, we depart to-morrow — and once we leave, we leave for ever. Why trouble ourselves so much, when only one thing is necessary ? I intended to speak on se veral points connected with my leading topic. But I must conclude. I regret that my official duties else where render it impossible for me to devote another lecture to what I must leave untouched. I intended to say something on the incendiary correspondence between Lord John Russell and Mr. Elliott, the British Minister at Naples. It was translated into Italian and industriously circulated among the dis affected there. John Mitchel was transported — and according to the laws of England, rightly adminis tered — justly transported, for circulating writings, the circumstances considered, not one-tenth so cal culated to stir up rebellion. Lord John has as sumed many characters, biographer, historian, poet, statesman &c.; I hope that in hie new character of Italian Ribbonism or Orangemen and Phœnix as sociate he will turn out as unsuccessful as in the rest. I intended to speak of the late vote in the Romagna, and the means— so familiar to those ac quainted with the modern history of Ireland — by which it was secured. I intended to speak of the character of the infidel cutthroats, the Italian cor respondents of the Times. Suppose Tresham Gregg or Windbag Whiteside should publish their views on the spirit and action of the Catholic body or the Catholic Church in Ireland, I presume they would possess a very decided influence with you and me ! I intended to show you how the Pope could not, without a grievous violation of duty surrender the Romagna at the demand of usurpers and rebels — such surrender, among other things, involving a formal sanction of the two very principles which I have been this evening engaged in combating. I remain still, as I have been from the begginning, firm and unshaken in my hope. I have not feared for one moment. The prayers of the Holy Pontiff, the prayers of Holy Church, will prevail. The ex communications will strike like' the' judgments of Him in whose name it was launched, slow perhaps, but sure, and in a way and at a time not expected by us. It has been asked why this universal and passionate outburst of Catholic feeling ? I answer : Why has Christ made His Church not only one kingdom, one city, one fold, one temple, one house, but even one body, all whose members are knit to gether in the closest union of mutual and living sympathy ? If the Head suffer, shall not every member suffer too ? If Peter is struck, shall not the sacrilegious blow tremble through every limb and nerve and fibre of the whole body — from Rome, the centre to the fathcrst ends of the earth, to the sources of the Ganges and the Nile, to the islands of the sea, to the lowly cabins of Ireland ? Whence this passionate outburst of feeling for the Pope? Because he is the Vicar of our Holy Redeemer — because he is the representative of Christ on earth — because in him is the plentitudc of all spiritual power — because he is our Father, the Father of us all, the Supreme Monarch and Doctor and Pastor of the whole Church of God — because he is the Rock on which Christ built His Church — because through him against that Church the gates of hell can never prevail — because to him were given the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; and whatever he binds or loses on earth is bound or loosed in heaven also. Why this passionate outburst from Catholic Ireland ? Because she is Catholic, and truly and thoroughly Catholie. After continuing in this strain for several minutes, and after passing a high cu lUglUUi Ull bllli IJIUglbdO \JV IbllglUU 111 tllU bllf Ul Wexford, since the period of his last visit, fourteen years ago, as shown in the erection of the two most splendid churches in Ireland, and in tho devotion of the people, whom he found in the morning and evening of week days, engaged in devotional ex ercises, the eloquent lecturer concluded by repeating the tollowing beautiful lines, of which the spirit became infectious as they sprang from his lips, and the closing hurra was caught up and sent in thunder from the warm hearts around him : — Over all the Orb no land more true Than our own old Catholic land, Through ages of blood, to the Rock hath stood : True may she ever stand 1 O, ne'er may the star St. Patrick set On her radiant brow, decay ! Hurrah for the grand old Catholic Isle 1 For the grand old Pope hurra ! The Rev. James Roche, P.P., then rose to propose a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He said he had expected much on entering the room, but the result had surpassed his expectations. The Mayor seconded the resolution. His Lordship put the question, which passed with acclamation. The Rer. Dr. Murray returned thanks, and the meeting separated. 