fiT ïïTORIA SUFFERING A KtílJüVEKli." (From the Argus, Uctootr died L immense assemblage filled the Exhibition building est evening, to hear Mr. Michie's lecture n .' Victoria Suffering a Recovery." The Governor and Lady Barkly were present his Excellency on bombing the chair. Loud applause greeted the lee ? r on his appearance, and frequently during the SuTBe of his very talented and amusing discourse. 8 Mr. Michie said, I wonder," said the little ; wage nice little cakes I see in the confectioners' shop Windows as we pass through the streets." Here is a wonder not confined to little French princesses. Given Souths and meet, our first impression is, why not fall A; It requires an effort of the reason to learn wherefore there should be any want in the midst of I parent plenty. There cannot be a doubt that this colony of Victoria is labouring under a severe de- gression at the present time, and yet it is difficult to Realise that fact as we read the journals, walk through She streets, or go into our places of public amusu Mid. No end of German bands still pervade the Down. About every fortieth shop is photographing Bar the ugly laces in the metropolis. Races, scenes, and excursion trains have by no means died at. Sonic weeks back (I read it in the Argus), a final sold 200 canaries in a few hours at Sandhurst, %l £1 each, and was so delighted at the buoyancy of the canary market in that auriferous locality that he was coming down to Melbourne for a fresh supply. Even our street beggars are not as other street beggars. As I was going into town the other morning I saw one perched on the top of a low-back car, going out apparently on an excursion to Brighton and I have heard that he occasionally lunches at a confectioner's. Remarking on this to some one after wards, I was informed that this same beggar came from Kew into town of a morning to business, and went away again in the evening, like other mercantile gentlemen, comfortably and respectably on a low 'lacked car. Here, again, we we reminded of Sydney Smith's celebrated contrasts between this country and all others. " Set a beggar on horseback," says the old proverb, and he'll ride to the-," ac. Here we can promote the beggar even to a low-backed car, and he does not ride to any such fearful terminus I-he more judiciously goes no further than the Chief Justice's neighbourhood, at Kew. In short, looking (merely to the surface of society, nobody seems to be I" on his last legs," except Mr. G. V. Brooke, and, under the circumstances, we cannot even pity him, seeing how he prospects on them. Yet a depression there must be, as every one says so. It may be that it would be considered as prosperity in England, and S many other countries, but it is a depression in Vic toil. Are the causes thereof more obscure than the effects are undeniable ? Is not the body politic like the body natural ? Does not the excitement and over- trading of the past commit overdrafts on the vigour of the present and the future and does not, therefore, depression follow excitement, as naturally as night the day ? Is not this observable all the world over? And if so, is there anything in the social constitution of Victoria which should give her any special immunity from such visitations ? Surely not, So far from this, the very vigour of a young community like this facilitates excess, as on the same principle it facilitates recovery. Meanwhile disaster is a great soberer. It stimulates reflection. If we are all w taking up out of a wild dream to see so many properties sold for the benefit of the mortgagees, we may at least rub our e) us, look at things, if possible in their right proportions , consider from what causes such effects have accrued , how long they are likely to continue and by what means such effects way most speedily be removed There is no lack of State doctors, and the prescriptions are pouring in Restore immigration," cries one " Crush quartz,' says another, 'Put down your buggy," growls a third, "improve your mining machinery," insists a I fourth , ' Plant -vineyards and export colonial wine," recommends a fifth, " Drink it,' urges a sixth, 4 Pass a thorough good Land Bill," says a seventh , 4 Protect colonial industry," urges an eighth And so in Can any one of these prescriptions, or all of them put together, cure the present stagnation, or prevent the recurrence of its " The colonial situation a study, seems to be no inappropriate subject for a lecture which aims at clearing in some degree our ideas on this, to all of us, rather important inquiry We are half a million, in a land and under a climate capable of sustaining many millions Our lands in the main are not all of the richest, but very many years must elapse before even our best sons are subdued to the uses of man. It is only some seven years since Victorians were state, intoxi- I cated with prosperity ; when sensible men and fools ' alike had money thrown, as it were, at their heads and when (as is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of-it went in absurdity and extravagance almost as speedily as it was acquired. The causes of this flush of excitement, of this very »ait/riiafjo of the newly moneyed, were even at the lime obvious enough. The vast yields of our newly discovered gold-fields had attracted scores of thousands of enterprising and energetic spirits from all parts of the world. Scarcely one of these people came here absolutely destitute. Almost all arrived with some, and many with considerable means. All required to be fed, "clad, housed. Instantaneously, therefore, a demand prodigiously in excess of the supply arose for everything necessary to the feeding, clothing, and housing of the new arrivals. To aggra- vate and intensify (and having considerably the effect of prolonging) this demand, by very far the larger proportion of the labouring men betook themselves to the gold-fields, where they continued so long as gold was to be had in almost fabulous quantities for the mere trouble of scratching it off the surface of the coil, And yet houses, and such food as could not be imported, were required, and must be had for all. The first consequence was, that wages of all kinds of labour, skilled and unskilled, rose to such a height as we now almost fear to think of. Plasterers and masons, £2 a day ; carpenters, 30s. a day; common labourers, £1 a day. In a word the average gains at the gold-fields furnished the standard to which the rates of all other wages naturally and necessarily gravitated. The golden fund from which everybody was apparently being made rich was partly brought and partly found here. The fortunate owners of a few in any other part of the world) wretched tenements became, as by a stroke of harlequin's wand, transported into capitalists. Wonderful as were the prices paid to the Government for town and country allotments, still more wonderful prices were got for the same lands as they passed from hand to hand. In a few months, during the latter part of the year 1852 and the year 1853, house-rent rose from £150 a-year to £900 a-year for tenements such as any Londoner can enjoy for £50 or £60 a-year. Hay was £70 a ton ; vegetables neither poor nor rich could indulge in habitually, save in their dreams. Cabbages, I believe, sometimes changed hands at about 5s. each. Meanwhile, the very police, the coachmen, the grooms, lawyers' clerks, aye, and even official men in large num- era, were off to the gold-fields and even Sir William A'Beckett, the then Chief Justice (being at that time an invalid, and his coachman non est), had for some weeks to be wheeled to the court by his sons in a bath chair. This was before my advent to Melbourne ; but quite as strange things took place even many weeks after my arrival. A once fellow-counsel of mine in Sydney, Mr. John Bayley Darvall, came down here in 1852, in consequence of a request that he would fill the vacancy likely to occur on our bench by reason of the then contemplated visit of Chief Justice A'Beckett to Europe. Mr. Darvall arrived from Sydney on a Sunday. The hotels were all full ; the waiters little short of insulting to any exacting and intolerable wretch who wore a black hat and did not drink a 41 nobler " about every five minutes. Mr. Darvall applied for a separate bedroom ; but such applications at that period were considered as same evidence of lunacy in the persons who preferred them. I poor John Bayley Darvall, I think I see him now-a gentlemanly man, with a manner of blended austerity and politeness, which (according to one of his critics) made him a curious mixture of Coriolanus and Beau .urummell,-I think I see and hear him using his powers of persuasion (which were considerable 50, win that single bedded room. What was Jus success! Why, we were told, and the story never was denied, that the best terms he could procure were a comfortable shake-down on we top of a tap-room table, between two lucky SgS? v That or a alternative of walking all night; about Melbourne streets and such streets at that time he might choose between. The art of our recently U strange, TiW v E.- M e*n nk. *". ttlniwpr~lou«?' War Pre else's philosophised poor King was passably felt Pair E. DA Hi he lVg7com5d^0^i0,lra>hi, Street M hMd « BoyaftT^vÄhm,fe?,\af,ireweU sorts Vice whole crew of. way says aT was. back. Out .^unkAtoo^'aT"/**** a?" sort delivered, , was, delirious Pandemonium.- In nothing was Melbourne industry then more conspicuously manifested than in its burglarious robberies, " sticking up." and shootings in every direction. When you dined out in those days, your host on your leaving his house to return home, kindly placed a Colt 8 revolver in your hand, and suggested that you should keep the middle of the street, and that it might not be on the whole impolitic to shoot the first gentleman you met who said, "Mate, can you tell us what s o'clock ?' ' Nevertheless, the greed of gain reconciled us to all these miseries, which, of course, could be but transitory. Lodging, food, police protection was then the altogether indispensable; the high rents, high prices, and high wages, cured themselves. Capitalists concentrated" their efforts on building market gardeners and farmers found their callings more profitable than gold-digging, until, as the new supplies of each grew up to, and at last, met the demand, prices came down almost as rapidly as they rose. Mean- while the rich finds were becoming fewer at the goldfields ; immigration, by reason of our disorganized condition, fell off, and in less than five years from our first gold discovery, everything was changed. A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to be built again. St. Kilda, Prahran, South Yarras, and Emerald Hills, were competing for tenants ; market gardeners and farmers were competing for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for policeman ships; and rents, as well as prices, fell as rapidly as they rose. I do not say that wages fell for a sort of imperial ukase has said that wages shall not fall and nature is for the thousand and first time turned out of doors to come in at the window, as of old. Why do I thus run over this rapid retrospect; Because we can hardly start fair unless we do so. It is well to take stock of our condition-to see what has been done during the lost seven or eight years. The Melbourne of 1852, then but a very inferior English town, unpaved, unlighted, muddy, miserable, dangerous, has become transformed into a great city, as comfortable, as elegant, as luxurious (it is hardly an exaggeration to say it, as any place out of London or Paris. Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton, and other places, have sprung into considerable townships ,- are lighted by gas, and are alive with the busy hum of men. A beautifully metalled road enables you to go in eight or nine hours to Castlemaine, a journey which, in the year 1852, you could hardly achieve in less than three days, and even then, at the risk, in the winter time, of disappearing in the mud by the way. Our advance, then, is measured by the whole difference between what the colony was in the year 1852, and that which we find it at the present time; and, therefore, he must be very blind, very ignorant, or very perverse, who would aver that we have made no progress and that, after all these years, we have nothing to show for our gold. And yet, assertions like this we do occasionally meet with among platform orators and newspaper correspondents. Speaking the truth of and to what are called the working classes as if there were here any class which does not work-is not considered by some people as the surest means of attaining to popularity. How- ever this may be, sure I am that speaking the truth exactly as it is in a man, and as if he were speaking to his own consciousness, must in the long run meet with the approbation of the just and the sensible of all classes. Wise and moderate men will be tolerant of error and as to the rest, what does it matter what fools or rogues say of you > I propose, therefore, to talk to my audience publicly, in the strictest confidence, about labour, wages, producers, distributors, immigration, free-trade, &c;, &c;, in the confidence that I shall be listened to with patience, even though you should not agree with my conclusions ; as, in any event, discussion and discovery are assisted by mutual toleration. A hiss never settled any truth, nor was political economy ever advanced by cries of " Turn him out," unless the man to be turned out was in- terrupting the speaker. As everything we eat, drink, and enjoy-save air and those other things we get for nothing, are the results of labour seconding and wielding the powers of nature, the labour question 13 always at the base of every discussion of this kind. Nothing is more common than to hear some individual, who rises for the instruction of his fellow-creatures, cry, in reference to all those persons who do not actually handle a chisel, a saw a plough, or some other physical tool or implement, " They are drones in the human hive, andthrow|all Melbourne's thousand merchants into Hobson's Bay, and no one would miss them ; but throw an equal number of working men into the same watery grave, and see what you shall see !" Startling this very and we usually find stuck against it in the newspapers, " loud cheers." I wonder what the same enlightened cheerers would say to that ingenious man who is reported to have once visited the source of the River Thames, in Gloucestershire, and in an ecstatic sense of supposed mischievous power, clapped his hands upon the springs, exclaiming, " What will they say of this down at Wapping ?" Now, what they would say of this down at Wap- ping would be about the measure of what this world at large would say on the sudden depriva- tion of a few hundreds or even thousands of either her merchants or mechanics. The sun would continue to rise and set, people would go to their work, and come home from it, and men of business would assemble in Collin-street as before. Sure am I, for my own part, that merchants in the main are as useful as mechanics, and mechanics as merchants, or they would not be where they are. But the mechanic sometimes demands of the merchant, "What do you produce ? You are of no use at all, for you produce nothing." Well, let us follow this a little farther. Strip that mechanic of everything he did not produce himself, and what sort of a figure would be cut J Would his own toilet be one jot more complete than it was when he first came like the rest of us, mending and putting into this world, to make his mother, as Jeremy Taylor says, "a little glad, and very sorrowful." From, head to foot is there one thread he has made himself ? How many animals have lived and died ? how many voyages have been made? how many dealings and bargaining, and spinning and weaving, and tanning, and stitchings, and packing and unpacking, have all been done before he could be clothed ? Are not distributors, then, quite as useful and valuable a class as those called producers ? Again, go from what our mechanic wears to what he cats and drinks. What of these things has he ever produced ? Run over all the operations that must occur before he can breakfast off that cheap loaf which is brought to his table. Let him reflect upon his sugar, his tea, his coffee, his butter, his bacon, his beer, perhaps his nobbler. What an infinity of human industries have been in motion and have by some mysterious process come together and converged into that breakfast which he devours, and thinks no more of, for a shilling. What factories are smoking, what steam engines plying, what storms at sea being battled with, what aching heads over ledgers, what prying into prices current, what watching of seasons and of weather, what shipbuilding, and shipwrecks, what ingenious implements invented, what vast successes, and as vast failures, what happiness and what despair, are all ceaselessly vexing the surface of the universal globe, in order to keep that mechanic, and all other wearers of clothes and eaters of breakfasts, supplied with the necessaries of life, from day to day > Again, turn from our bodily to our intellectual wants! Man cannot live by bread alone ; the divine part of him needs other ailment. A penny loaf may suffice for his breakfast ; but libraries are not more than sufficient to feed his curiosity, and his appetite for inquiry and speculation, and discussion. Think, then, of the thousands and tens of thousands of authors, from Homer down to Martin Tupper, of coppers, and printers, and papermakers, and booksellers, and newspaper men of all grades and forms of industry. physical and intellectual, kept ceaselessly at work to feed the insatiable brain of man and as the result of all these labours, you get a classic for a shilling, and the Times news- paper that " history of the world for one day "-for fivepence, and the St. Kilda Chronicle for nothing for they always send me the paper, but never call for the subscription ! Miracles are extinct, but these results bear the closest resemblance to a miracle. They are simply the highest developments of the division of labour. The opposite point to this ex tremeat application of the division of labour principle is exhibited in the situation of Robinson Crusoe upon his uninhabited island. Our working man, with his forty shillings or fifty shillings a week, is, in many respects richer than Julius Caesar in his imperial Pair -4vvm,n,can chiP stones or plane wood, and with his day's wage walk into the next was' my command the industry of the I ivFot buns M f<* Every one AL ÄJUrAC-aa bring money, the sun is ever ALS' seem" ever Browinp'. s' nations ever toiling. He holds up a magic piece of gold, or a bit USMC PW set the world rushed towards him with her choicest treasures. Is it better to be this man, or to be compelled, like Robinson Crusoe; to produce with difficulty what other, can but with ease A sufficiently absurd question surely upon the face of a and yet it is a question protection ought to consider with respect. For the thing called wo- ' tection must always in its very nature be an approximation more or less. to the condition of Robinson Crusoe. Protection, by a plainer or more deserving. live came, a compiling A to buy something' j USA a %*%* price than says not which. Clin end TrriU tell the same article. B calls it protection. A calls it robbery. B calls it protection, because, he says, if you expose him to the competition of C, he (B) can't live by his business. A calls it robbery, because you force from-his pocket, for the benefit of B, the difference between the price at which he (A can buy of C, and the price at which he (A must buy of B. Transpose the position of-A and C respectively, and each will then call the thing by the name which the other now applies to it. There never was a colony less exposed to foreign competition, more thoroughly enjoying protection, than that of which Robinson Crusoe was the governor, and his man Friday the governed and what was the state of their pastoral, agricultural, and manufacturing interests ? Look at Robinson Crusoe's trousers and cap in the old woodcuts ; then turn to some of our colonists rigged in shops from top to too. Why, Robinson Crusoe in all his glory was not arrayed as one of these ? And yet our top-dressed colonist-see the evidence and report of the late committee on the tariff question, goes straight from a furious speech in favour of protection to native industry, and invests his 8s. or 10s. in a pair of imported moleskins. In short, he thinks it perfectly proper that everybody else should protect native industry, but he feels no particular necessity for protecting it himself. Hence practice contradicts profession, and the truths of political economy break through cant. It comes round to this wonderful final result, that any and every man who can work at anything for which society has a demand-and any and every man who has either saved for himself, or who has succeeded to the savings or possessions of another has got a certain corresponding power over all the other industries and stored labour (called property) of the rest of the world and the world is all the wiser, the richer, and better, by each man just working, when, where, and how he con, and exchanging the fruits of his labour as and where he thinks best. Protection as it appears to me, is merely another name for obtaining money under false pretences by act of Parliament. To hear some protectionists talk, one would think that nobody of any consequence lived in this colony on the import trade. I say nothing here for the merchants, because they are to be thrown into Hobson's Bay ; but how about the shopkeepers, the porters, the draymen, the innumerable mechanics connected with the shipping interest, the clerks, the domestic servants? Are they all to become shoemakers, tailbTS, coachmakers, cabinetmakers, c, to show us how they " can't do it at any price others can afford to pay ? These are to the initiated but trite considerations ; yet they are by many every day either forgotten or ignored. The only pretext for a return to anything like protection is the oft-quoted exceptional case admitted by John Stuart Mill, viz. where young countries, as fitted as older countries for particular manufactures, are desirous of recovering the start those old countries have obtained, and try to recover this start by imposing duties upon the foreign product. Even here, the exception admits, if it does not prove the rule for the protection is to be but temporary, and to cease when the older country is overtaken. If the older country cannot be overtaken, then the protection is mischievous, as being first a throwing away of a certain portion of the industry of the vainly competing country. Even Mr. Mill, however, in the very passage of the work alluded to, seems to forget that in new countries some protection already exists in the very nature of things, in the cost of freight, expenses, c, of the imported commodity to the new country. Against Mr. John Stuart Mill, on this point, might be quoted his equally celebrated father, James Mdl, who never admitted such an exception at all. As for the common talk on this point, I suspect many attendants at meetings hardly know what protection means. " Protection to native industry " has a sentimental sound about it. We all like to be taken care of, and the expression savours of that, so that you have only to start the void "protection" at some meetings, and you catch a large portion of the audience at once, who are for protecting everything and everybody, even to the " unprotected female" made immortal by Punch. But to come from the sentimental to the abstract, to the concrete, are they for giving 35s. a pair for Melbourne-made shoes, inferior to the best imported at £1 ? Protection, to be worth the name, must come to something like that, or it is no protection at all. Now, who are those who so loudly demand this protection ? Skilled mechanics : a very valuable class in any community, it cannot be denied. They cannot, or will not, dig for gold ; they cannot turn to tillage ; they are unable to offer anything to society as the purchasing power of the necessaries of life, save their skilled labour. The farmer, getting only £6 or £7 for a ton of hay, says to the shoemaker, " I could not, even if I would give you 35s. for a pair of colonial-made shoes when I can get a pair from Paris or Northampton at 20s." The shoemaker must either undersell the importer, or turn to something else, or leave the colony. Perhaps he takes the last course, in which case a good artizan is lost to our society. Still, is this, or any number of such instances as this, sufficient ground for our abandoning the principles of free trade as at present prevailing in the Australian colonies ? Are all boot-wearers in the colony to pay this 40s. as the price of keeping the superfluous boot- makers here ? Yes, says the bootmaker-No, says the boot-wearer. On which side lies the prosperity of the general colony ? Endeavouring to ascertain this, let us try the matter a little farther. Imagine general protection to shoemakers, tailors, coach makers-even farmers, and all in like case with the instance put of the immigrant shoemaker. At once the cost of living would, to the whole of us, be increased by some 100 or 150 per cent., so far as such cost related to the taxed or protected articles. Whence is this increased price to come ? From the gold digger ? Can we expect it He gets, and can only get the market price of the world for his gold, but he would have to exchange the fruits of his labour, not at the market price of the world, but at the artificially raised market price of the colony of Victoria, for his boots, clothes, tools, &c.; The storekeeper, the professional man, the agriculturists, the sheep farmer, the official man, would bear the same position. What would be the first and immediate consequence of the change ? A vast number of miners would at once be thrown out of employment, for already as we are told, they are only making on an average wages sufficient to support them at their work. If the enhanced prices were paid at all, it would only be by miners working harder, and procuring more gold. But if the miner could not pay, he must leave the colony or turn to something else. If the official man, the storekeeper, the agriculturist cannot pay-they must all either leave the colony or turn to something else. Many in this turning to something else, would, of course, turn to the protected trades. This would increase competition among them, and in time reduce the prices of their goods, but not to the import prices without duty, or in such case the protection would be superfluous. Meanwhile, it seems certain that a large number of people, especially from among those belonging to the unprotected trades, would be obliged to leave the colony, unable to subsist here. Industry of one kind would thus be forced into artificial channels, whilst industry of another kind would be forced out of the colony altogether. These seem to be inevitable evils, and they are of a very grave character, for labour, like water, left to itself, finds its level, and any artificial damming up of it in any country, new or old, only prevents it from going where the common wants could employ it to the greatest advantage. Under either set of conditions, therefore-viz., under those of free trade, as under those of protection-a certain number of persons are always leaving, and will always leave every country, for want of employment fitted to their powers. England, we are often told, has fought her way to pre-eminence among the nations, under a system of protection. Partly true. And Mr. Thomas Sayers, the other day, disabled of his right arm, fought for two hours very gallantly with his left, and really might have beaten Mr. Heenan had the affair gone on And, therefore, let every nation that would thrash its Heenan, begin by crippling commerce of its right arm, which is liberty. But we should keep the money in the country, we are told. Why keep the money in the country ? As if money were of any use at all, except as an instrument of exchange. But that the depression we complain of cannot arise from our sending money out of the country for goods is seen in this that money is still rapidly accumulating in the banks. Curious contradiction deposits lying in banks unused by the depositors, and yet an universal outcry of the scarcity of money, and an almost stagnation of those building and other operations which can only be carried on with money. Well, a very little observation, and reflection upon things in general, will soon clear up this apparent contradiction. In the first place, immigration has almost ceased. No great demand, therefore, now exists for houses. I mentioned a while ago that house rent had fallen several hundred per cent. Houses which, in every part of Melbourne and the suburbs, were in 1854 let at 500 and £600 a year each, may now be had for £100 or £120. Very respectable cottages, such as we usually find in the occupation of artisans and others of the community called labouring classes, are easily procurable at £20 or £25 a year. What inducement, then have capitalists to build if they can only build at such cost as to exclude anything like the possibility of their obtaining interest upon their outlay r Capitalists in these colonies, we all know, look for and usually . obtkro. it per cent for their money. But a great Melbourne capitalist, one who has perhaps expended as much money among the building trades in any man in Victoria, told me the other day that he cannot build now, looking at wages in the one direction, and at reduced rentals in the other, so as to secure 5 per cent, for his money, even were houses to remain continuously tenanted, and though they were never to acquire reparation. The consequence of this is, that no' one now builds who can avoid it. Nor, as I conceive, would even the lowering of wages produce in itself more than a temporary alleviation of this state of things. Any impulse which reduced wages could communicate to building would be merely transitory. In a population so slowly increasing as ours at present, the supply of house accommodation soon overtakes the demand, and when that point is attained expect to hear cries of depression of the building trades. But when that depression comes in other words, when society has got as much house accommodation as it wants, I apprehend that, unless nature's laws are to be reversed, unless she is to contradict herself for the special benefit of the suffering handicrafts, wages must fall. Remember I am road vocate for low wages, merly give simple and articu- late expression to nature's silent and inexorable operations. I would far sooner see wages very high than very low for I am certain it would be far better for me, even selfishly considered. But how can I, how can any ordinarily reflecting man, walk about the streets of Melbourne, and fail to see that wages must come down, together with rentals and profits, and income generally. Ponder upon the announcement of that restaurant-keeper in Swanston-street, whose attractive board I pass almost every morning I do not give his name, lest it should be supposed that I wish to push that gentleman's trade at the expense of the many other similar establishments in the city equally good, and equally cheap powder, I say, on this board on which the proprietor sets forth that you can have a plate of meat and vegetables, and another of pudding, all for one shilling. Note bene -no extra charge for change of plate ! How can we get that excellent and substantial dinner for a shilling, but that all the articles of which it is composed are at such a price that the restaurant-keeper can carry on his business on these terms, and yet get a living profit by his trade ? Follow up his business into the related industries with which he deals j consider his now reduced (perhaps not sufficiently reduced) rent, his cheap apparel, his cheap vegetables, his not very dear (although in a country like this, not yet sufficiently cheap) beef and mutton ; consider all these cheap things-these cheap results of colonial industry for the last seven or eight years and then tell me whence is this restaurant-keeper, and the people with whom he deals, market-gardeners and others, whence are they to get the money with which to pay labour-" 163, a-day, and nothing less?" You cannot get blood out of a stone ; you will not find capitalists undertaking any enterprise by which they are to lose, and not to gain. All interests, therefore, both of capital and labour, depending interchangeably upon each other, will always correct and adjust each other. Strikes, therefore, must always be either superfluous or unavailing- superfluous where, as in 1854, masons got 30s, a day, because society couldn't get such labour at that time for less ; unavailing now, because society is not particularly in want of such labour, even at a third of the former price. Nor is the reduction of wages an unmixed evil if evil at all-to the mason himself. He can command almost as many of the necessaries and luxuries of life now with 10 or 12 shillings a day as formerly he could command with the larger sum and he possesses this equally large command, with the apparently smaller means, simply because everybody else is obliged to submit to a smaller money compensation for the goods in which he deals. How, then, can any particular tradesman, who thinks at all, expect to benefit by reduced prices, and yet escape himself ? To expect such things is to expect incongruities, self contradictions, impossibilities It is to expect other men to work for us without our working for them. It is to demand that something shall come out of nothing that wages shall be paid, which no returns can produce and if all sections of workers demanded the same thing as against each other, society would be little better than a large lunatic asylum, where each resident fancies every body else mad but himself. What, then, is to be done under these unpleasant circumstances ? Well, I conceive things must be left in a large measure, to those internal sources of healing-the vis medicatrix natures-which society contains within _ itself. De- pression precedes prosperity, and prosperity provokes speculation, and speculation leads about again to depression, with as regular an alternative as day and night, and night and morning. Such a state of things is not peculiar to Australia. It is the same in Eng- land it is the same in America is the same in all great commercial countries. Talk to people who lived in the United States in the year 1838, and they will tell you that, when selling off their goods and chattels at that time, prices were little more than nominal, for want of money. Lists of "wild cat" banks were kept handy at every store and counting-house, that men might judge as safely as possible whose paper money to take and whose to reject. That was a collapse, following immediately upon previous universal speculations upon credits, just of the very same character as that we are suffering under at the present time. The fever and ague of trade seems to be the same all over the world. Can nothing, then be done for the patient? Has the politico-economical phar- racegoers no medicine for so stubborn and prolonged a complaint ? Yes. Art and treatment may do some- thing perhaps much, but certainly not all. We can second nature, not control her. What, then, is to be done ? Why, cries everyone, " Give everybody something more to do." " Find us fresh customers," cry all, from the shopkeeper, listless, and almost hopeless, over his wares, to the artificer, whose tools are idle in his basket. Fresh customers ! Most willingly, but where are they to come from From natural increase of our present population ? Hardly so. Read the Rev. Mr. Malthus book on the principle of population-the book of a very wise, a very amiable, a very much abused, and certainly not a too well understood man. He will show you that, under the most favourable circumstances, you may double your population, from within, in some fifteen or twenty years. Will you wait so long for your now customers ? Where shall they come from but from across the seas? What! Immigration ? Ay, immigration ! What ! Import fresh labour at the cost of the present labourers, to contend with these latter? Here is a question, which, I observe, easily brings down a cheer at many public meetings, and, for certain I am not going to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or with any other than Very serious and respectful consideration, those cheers. Say they are not the cheers of the enlightened, are those workmen the only people who have not been sound political economists in matters touching their own labour Have British merchants, and manufacturers and statesmen never been at fault on such subjects as free trade and international tariffs], and employment of machinery ? And cannot we be reasonably con- sul rate to those cheers, when we reflect upon the in- disputable fact that a working-man's labour is of as much importance to him as is a nobleman's estate to the nobleman ? Each has but his present means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel deeply, and express himself strongly, on any proposition the effect of which may be to bring him, as he thinks, nearer to starvation. Well, then, I am not in the least put out by the anti-immigration cheers. I ask only for a hearing. I protest that if the cheeses can confute me, I shall be as well pleased as if they were to admit that I had convinced them for as I have said, my only object is truth. We come back, then, to that word immigration. Are we to raise from the working-man taxes wherewith to introduce competitors with the working-man's labour ? That is the shape in which the question is usually put. I answer, is No." But is that the fair way of putting the question? Does no fallacy lurk in the premises? Is nothing assumed which ought not to be assumed ? Tax the working-man to find competition with himself Is it a tax? If I pay a £100 for a hundred acres of land, how is that a tax upon the working man? The payment of that land does not come out of his pocket, but out of the pocket of the purchaser. The more land you sell, the more you increase the demand for labour. And if you are artificially to increase the demand for labour, why not with the very same funds with which you have increased the demand for it, also increase the supply? The whole process being an artificial one, what does the working-man propose to do with the proceeds of the land sales, assuming that no portion thereof is to be devoted to immigra- tion? " Oh, put it into public works," says he; " find us something to do." Ay, but then we have to hear the other side. We turn to the land purchaser. We say to him, "What do you say to the public works nostrum? " Well," he says, " why am to buy land, and pay for it, in order that this colony is to be kept as a preserve for the annual erection and construction of public works, more especially now that there is almost no public to call for any additional works of the sort of It seems to me, then, to come back to this, that if I buy merely a £100 -worth v PUDUo estate, the public have a right to expend that. £100 as they please. If they import four or five artizans, or agricultural labourers, with the money, does it necessarily follow that those labourers on their arrival in the colony enter into injurious competition with the labourers already here i Surely no although frequently the labouriog-cUssea seem to have arrived at different conclusions., They forget that every man is a consumer, as well as a producer that every man in proportion to his command over the industry of all other workers, is a customer of those other workers. The newly-arrived miner, mason, or shoemaker, may seem to be more or less a fresh candidate for those fields of exertion theretofore the monopoly of the men already assembled on them. but, in fact, he benefits others as much as himself. He buys their labour with his-they sell their labour for his each enhances the comforts of the others, and that which seems, at a first glance, to be competition, is, in fact, co-operation, when more attentively regarded. Let any man cast back his memory along the last nine years. Has he ever known low wages during a period of extensive immigration ? Were wages ever so high in this colony as during the years 1852, 1853, and 1854 t And yet, was it not during those years that the immigration tide was running most strongly towards these shores ? Granted that the gold- fields took much of this labour, yet the main cause of wages keeping up lay in the fact that, whether working on the gold-fields, on farms, or in houses, the importation of labourer was an importation of the demand for labour; capital, the savings of labour, grew with that labour ; this capital, as fresh labour continued to pour into the colony, of course employed more labour, and so, each producing and promoting the other, the colony advanced in prosperity. Immigration has stopped j the working men are now freed from imported competition and yet have there ever been such lusty cries of want of work as now ? Surely these things cannot be without their own significance for all ! From the above observations it will be apparent enough, I think, that our circumstances now call for a resumption of immigration j not paid for by the working men, but paid for by capital. If there be no error in the above conclusions, it seems clear that the effect of assisted immigration is this that we sell our land, and with the proceeds buy customers of. as well as competitors with, the working-man, and, judging by results, such are the mysterious but certain advantages of division of labour, that the new arrival is more valuable as a customer, to those already arrived, than he is injurious to them as competitor. And I am glad that this is so. It takes the last leg of an excuse from men who, having got to this colony, would shut the door in the face of those suffering millions who are struggling with the direst forms of poverty at home. The inexorable law by which, in all countries, population must at some time or other press upon subsistence, compels colonization; and is there any selfishness more depraved or inhuman than that which would confine our fellow-creatures in a position of pain and struggle from which we have thought fit to escape ourselves ? But is there nothing more to be done than to restore immigration r Yes, certainly. Of what use will immigration be if, as hitherto, it flows through this colony as water through a sieve ? We must, if possible, six people here when we get them. The great earth-hunger of man, as some German writer has called it, must be satisfied. In plain English, all the facilities legisla- tion can provide should be furnished for enabling every man to till the soil who desires to do so. But he may ruin himself ! Let him. Free-trade in ruin as in everything else. Doubtless, men sometimes, say very frequently if you like, err in the choice of a profession. But it if certain, as a general rule, the State cannot (even if it were a func- tion of the State, which it is not take better care of men than men can take of themselves. Let every man, then, who likes it, go into farming at once. Put things at the worst, and suppose your farmer does become insolvent, rural insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourke-street insolvency. A man never seems to me so happy as when surrounded by his stacks, his pigs, his king, his growing crops, his children tumbling amidst the straw, or laughing among the vines. If there be perfect and serene enjoyment, surely it is here. All farm scenes equally conduce to happiness and peace of mind and therefore, no wonder that the majority of immigrants harbour the notion of at some time or other going upon the land. This earth hunger all thoughtful statesmen, as I think, will, in new countries, wisely satisfy and do not fear that free society will in our more evils in this direction of human industry than free society can correct and cure ; especially now that the last great discoveries of Stuart have practically enlarged the habitable globe, by adding to it a fair and green central land, which so lately we had condemned as an arid desert. Do not be alarmed. I am not going to talk Land Bill, any further than it immediately bears upon my larger subject. We have all been pretty well bored to death with the ceaseless babblement about "lot and "limited auction, and unlimited desire to settle the poor man on the land. I know it has pretty nearly settled me in the land. Fearful, however, as this subject has now become, I desire to remark upon what appears to me to be one or two errors. Those who talk about getting the utmost for the public estate, as it is called, seem to assume that the State, in selling land, is to be regarded merely as you regard a private vendor. If you do this, surely you confound two essentially different things. The object of the State is to settle the country ; the object of the private vendor is to get as much for his land as possible. The end which the private vendor has constitutes merely the means which the State works towards a further end. But why, it has been said, should the State be deprived of that difference which A may make by reselling to B and which difference the State might have made in the first instance, had the land been sold by open competition ? Is it unreasonable to answer that the State is not a land jobber that it finds its account as much, or more, in getting people on the land as in getting money for the land in the first instance that the State, having discharged its duty as a vendor, commences another function as a tax-gatherer - your cultivator becoming at once a consumer of some or all of those dutiable goods which yield the great bulk of our large revenue? The country becomes opened up ; roads and bridges are formed and built ; the wilderness is subdHed to the uses of man ; the colony grows. Then, just as the blood circulates through. the human frame, labour, unimpeded on any side, flows in every direction throughout the length and breadth of the land, instead of being dammed up and confined, as too frequently it now is, in little local congestions-over-supply in one spot, and deficiency of hands in another, at one and the same time. Look again, at the secondary evil consequences of doling out land screwed up to the highest price for agriculture, and granting principalities at a merely nominal rent for pasturage. You offend that abstract sense of justice which, more or less is found among all men ; you force upon us the conviction that there is a privileged and petted class among us. Impatient i people ask, why should a sheep-farmer enjoy miles upon miles of land, at little more than a nominal rent, whilst the agriculturist cannot hold the smallest farm i upon any such terms ? I have no desire to stir up class against class, but whilst such a state of things as this exist, no Convention, no Eastern Market is required to effect such an object jealousy and antagonism grow and strengthen of themselves. It has been frequently supposed, and at times with some appearance of foundation for the supposition, that it is of the essence of the democratic spirit in this country, as in others, to hate wealth, and to pull down capital into the dust. Sometimes, perhaps, this low and unworthy spirit may be met with but is it not equally probable that this supposed hatred is frequently rather apparent than real and is there not, at the least, something curiously anomalous in merchanting what they are every hour striving to become namely, rich men. However this may be, I must yet admit, looking dispassionately at the subject, that if the squatters have evinced some selfishness on the one hand, squatters' opponents have sometimes exhibited unreason on the other. After all, it is merely human that men who are, as they profess to believe, lawfully entitled to great advantages, should desire to retain them ; but it is also natural, as well as just, that the public should desire to make the squatter pay a just rent for the lands he enjoys. Cannot both these objects be achieved without oppression, illegality, or injustice in any direction; I think they can and I think also these objects can be achieved with vast advantage to the general productiveness and prosperity of the whole country. This is a subject not to be settled by the extremely short and neat prescription sometimes proposed to be of " driving the squatters across the Murray." Driving the squatters across the Murray might be driving our dinners across the Murray, and put in that shape, requires to be reconsidered. One vast evil connected with this interest at present stares us in, the face. From the uncertainty of the squatting tenure, all the runs throughout the country necessarily remain in an unimproved state. Who will trouble himself to dig wells, construct reservoirs for water, or even be at the expense of making two blades of grass grow where one grew before, unless he has a reasonable assurance that be shall reap where he has sown ? Whilst the squatter is liable to be turned out at a moment's notice, without compensation for improvements, he has of course no . motive to improve, and, consequently, a great part of Australia is, in a mitigated form, in much the same situation as was Ireland, between mortgagors and mortgagees; before the passing of the Encumbered Estates Act. The land at home had ceased to be the property, of the mortgagor,, and he was consequently indifferent and without hope. The land had not become absolutely the mortgagee's, and therefore he had not the deep interest in the property we observe an ordinary owners. The problem therefore was, to reduce out of this chaos of split-up interests and indifferentism the beneficial management of the land by those of whom it should be the exclusive property. That problem was solved successfully by that most practical, as well as scientific statesman. Sir Robert Peel. Surely there are no specialities in our case which make it a more embarrassing one than, the Irish difficulty. Apart from faction, jealousy, and wrongheadedness, the rationale of the matter seems to lie in a nutshell. I presume very few persons who really have any practical acquaintance with this country, will dispute that many of these lands are only fit for pastoral purposes. Nature has passed an eternal sentence of sterility upon them. Are these lands not to be turned to the best account ? Can they be turned to the best account, unless you give individuals an exclusive interest in them ? Can you give this interest effectually, unless you say that whatso- ever the squatter lays out on his squattage, shall be secured to himself, as you protect any other person in the enjoyment of the fruits of his industry ? Can you thus secure the squatter, unless you say he shall enjoy his lease, or compensation in some shape, if he be deprived of it? No. I say, then, that in the future administration of these merely pastoral lands whether they be under the state or under rural municipalities that at the same time you secure to the public an. adequate rental, and the right of re-entry at any time on equitable terms for sale, you must secure to the sheep farmer, as he will then be called (a news nomenclature marking the new era) the thing, or its equivalent, for which he has bargained, and thenceforth squatter and and squatter heartburnings will cease; pastoral lands will be improved like other lands, their leases assignable like other leases, artesian wells would be sunk, artificial grasses laid down, paddocks, fenced in reservoirs formed, homesteads established, a vastly additional demand forlabourwouldspringup throughout all these grazing farms in connexion with the improvements going on in them, and beef and mutton, as in the olden time of the colony, would again be 3d. a pound to all of us. Sooner or later, such lands would have to be thus dealt with had squatters and Orders in Council never been heard of. It is simply a question of turning your property to the best account. Under the present no system, the squatter is the only party who profits by it. He gains exactly what the public loses. What is that ! The difference between the nominal rent he pays and the fair and substantial rent he ought to pay, and which (as he says) he is, under an equitable system, willing to pay. Sixteen thousand sheep, with run on the Murray, lately cost £24,900. This is at the rate of 31s. a head. For any excess or deficiency in number delivered, allowance, at the rate of 12s. a head was to be made by either side to the other. The difference, therefore, between the 12s. and the 31s. respectively, represents the value of the run, as settled in the sincereSt manner between the vendor and the vendee, and amounting to something above £15,000. Now, I would not rack-rent the squatter with a 10 percent, rental on the above amount ; but, something reasonable, let us say, on the grazing capabilities of each run. Let us never be oppressive ; but bearing in mind old Isaac Walton's recommenda- tion of tenderness even to the worm, let us put the hook into the squatter " as if we loved him." But I sometimes read in the journals reports of public meeting speeches, from which I gather that the Legislature dare not meddle with the squatters, for that the banks have got them, and that the banks are all powerful. This is startling, and, moreover, rather inconsistent with other and just-referred-to descriptions of squatters by the same denounces. One while the squatter, with greedy maw, is swallowing every- body else j at another moment, the squatter is being swallowed himself, a fat and sleek deer, gradually going down the capacious throat of a banking boa constrictor ; so that, upon this pleasant theory, there would appear to be but one way for us all. Aged, then, by these awful banks, and sharing only the common reverence for plate glass, and splendid mahogany, and brass rails, and the mysteries of the parlour, does my friend, therefore, who the other day said to me in Queen-street, " I hope, in that lecture of yours, you are going to touch up the banks," think that I am going to do or attempt anything of the kind? What would the banks care for my touching up-they who can touch up everybody ? Besides, who so presumptuous as to say that he really knows anything distinct about those great sublime, moneyed mysteries ? Who, save Joseph Macardy, who offers himself as a special Providence to take care of everybody's money, from £1 upwards-who save he knows anything about these greatly reverenced establishments? Who but Joseph knows anything about their assets, their liabilities, their profits, out of what capital made, by what precise business, and under what circumstances? Why am I to be called upon to show my ignorance as to the manner or degree in which the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons, which, some superstitious people regard as influencing all the moneyed tides in the affairs of men ? Why should I vainly attempt to understand how people can discount at 10 per cent., and divide 20 per cent, dividends ? I may have dim visions of overtrading, and so on but I fly the subject, and leave it to the next edition of Joseph Macardy pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the subject, may I not ask why that million's worth of debentures of the Melbourne issue has not yet seen the light, according to the act in that case made and provided? Of a verity, many a poor servant and small capitalist would be glad to buy a £30, or £50, or £100 debenture, carrying every hour on its back 6 per cent, interest, rather than holding a bank note of the same amount, bearing no interest at all. And this brings me to a subject to which the Legislature itself at some time may come -I mean to the consideration of founding in this colony a truly national bank, where the State will be, as it ought to be, the only maker of paper money among us, as a legal tender ; when the State will have, as it ought to have the whole profit derivable from any credit that State may have in the world ; when that very profit may be turned into the means of paying the interest of our debentures, or into public works, rather than being left to a number of people who choose to join together, subscribe their deposits, apply for an Act, call themselves a bank, and forthwith commence the Royal prerogative of making money. The Haines-cum-Childers Ministry proposed such a measure as a National bank (now some five years back The Haines Ministry went out; Mr. Childers went home and the idea became smothered in the land question. But the idea is not dead, look into Mr. Ricardo's works, and you will find ably and distinctly sketched his idea of a national bank, in which the State should have the profit of the banking operations. Such an establishment, I have been informed, once existed in New Zealand, and was only discontinued-so I have been told by experienced New Zealand settlers because the revenue and the transactions were not large enough, to make it worth while to continue the institution. with a revenue like ours, however, of £3,000,000 a-year, with deposits like ours of £6,000,000, it seems scarcely necessary that we should be henceforth dependent on English capitalists, working in large measure with colonial moneys. I have revived the idea ; let others work it out to practical issues. Time admonishes me that I must hasten to a close. Have I said all that I have to say about the depression ? Well, nearly, but not quite. It seems to me that great public disasters frequently contain the seeds of still greater public benefits, and that even depressions, crises, and commercial revisions have their uses. They set me thinking, devising, casting about for modes of escape to giving practical effect to new and valuable thoughts to developing resources of the colony, the thought of which may not have occurred to prosperous and contented, and inquiring minds. " Sweet are the uses of adversity." Now that we have millions of sheep in the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any special glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep and yet he was an original man, a genius, a brave, self-dependent man in his way. His son, too, the Major-general, who has so lately left us, what has he not done for our wine trade ? Many years ago, he went himself to Germany, distributed pamphlets in English and German, explained the capabilities of the colony for the cultivation of the vine, and for wine-making ; engaged vignerons, put them on board ship, got into trouble he told me so himself-on a charge of kidnapping the Germans to this fearful country; and yet he has never published these things ; but should he ever read the account of them in any history of the colony, he would blush to find them fame. The great depression of 1843 and 1844 set the Messrs. O'Brien, of Yass, boiling their sheep-at that time there wholly vermin for their tallow. Thus a fat sheep was found convertible into a five-and-three penny export. This was a discovery at the time, and' acknowledged and appreciated as such, and it was a. discovery the result of deep and general distress was 'tog men a inventions. In like manner, coming nearer home, a short time back a very gentlemanly men one with whom many in this room are well acquainted, stopped me at the corner of Collins and Queen. streets, and said he had understood I was much rate , rested in the development of our resources and re I. long for answer that I was so, he proceeded to say that belief discovered one, that he had it about Mary and could at once submit it to my consideration. I was interested, as you my suppose, and so must you be. We have read a great deal lately about Australian gems. So perhaps your imaginations are already scampering off into the regions of mineralogy or geology. . "Was it a diamond ? No. Perhaps an aquamarine, topaz, or a ruby" or an emerald ? Not at all. You give it up ? Well then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, and it was, what ? A sausage a short, red, regular, orthodox, unmistakable saveloy ! Before I had recovered from my surprise he said, I." Taste that, and tell me what you think of it." Well, I hesitated ; because, although I like sausages, I have a prejudice (perhaps a weak, and panicking, and unfounded prejudice) against sausages being carried about in people's pockets. In an instant, however, I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weaknesses, and, evidently quite apprehensive of the cause of my confusion, he pressed the article upon me. I took a cautious and critical nibble. " Now," he said, " what do you say to it ?" " Well, I answered, " I have tasted worse sausages than that." " I should say so ;" said he, " but what will you think, my dear sir, when I tell you that the whole of that sausage is made out of kangaroo?" "Well," I said, " I could believe it." I am going," he said, to apply to the Solicitor General for a patent, for I believe the idea is thoroughly new." I said " I think so, too." He carefully enwrapped the saveloy in paper, dropped it into its appointed receptacle, and strode away with an air that delighted mc. He did not seem so much to think of any profit derivable from this preparation, as of the fact that he was carrying a portion of the salvation of the colony in his pocket, society all unconscious of the millennium impending. We may laugh at this, but is not the great city of Bologna itself better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages than by her fountains, her colossal statues, her picture galleries, her muscles and cabinets of art ; her Cardinal Mczzofantis, her public libraries, or by being the birthplace of one of the greatest orators of our day-Father Ganzer. On these occasions, perhaps, we may feel half disposed to despise the sausage, but we are at times glad enough to eat it for all that I maintain that my gentlemanly friend's idea is good. It is another, and a worthy attempt to give by transformation exchangeable value to that which is at present comparatively valueless : many things are yet to be grown and produced in this country, and profitably exported, which down to the present time have never been even thought of. For we are little better than Chinese copyists after all. So it has, crinoline, peg-top, houses, or the growing of wheat and oats, what they do and wear at home we do and wear here. There are stony and and bits of country in this Victoria on which a sheep would starve, but on which an Angora goat would thrive, and bring profit to the owner. The bad times will bring the goats, the wine, the olive, the cotton, the Bill, the sausages, the dried fruits, and other good things in due season. But if great depressions work such good results on men's outward circumstances, how much more do they improve man himself ? How ameliorate his moral nature ? How soften the hard merchant into the melting philanthropist, how make his heart, like that of the ancient mariner, overflow with emotion, and " bless us unawares." Look at that speech of Mr. Sichel, as reported in the Argus of the 8th of September last, on the universally interesting subject of the provision trade ! We always knew him. as one of the clearest of intellects ; we now know him as one of the most benevolent of men. I have ere now been moved by the " reason (as Macaulay's finely describes it penetrated, and made red-hot, by passion," in the De Corona, of Demosthenes ; I have road Cicero's fine invectives against Catalina, and Plunkett's celebrated knocking at the door ; but never have I been more moved than by Mr. Sichel on the minor morals of merchants-what they are, and what they ought to be-touching the provision trade. "If anything goes wrong," says he, in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, who is there, or what means exist here, to provide a remedy?" "Oh, cursed spite, he seems to say, that I should over be born to set them right." "We should act together," says he, not pull against each other and should endeavour to put an end to the many paltry motives, envy, malice, and spite, which it cannot be denied exist among us. If, on the contrary, we see each other often, and are thrown more together day by day, we shall soon come to act with more unanimity, and more profitably to our common interests. Instead of this, we are accustomed to a selfish manner of conducting business, each reckoning his own advantage more than that of the general body. Not one of us," says he, "is at the bottom of what goes on in Bass' beer, Sinclair's hams, Gould's butter," &c.; Now, Mr. S. P. Lord in- dorsed every word of these self-denying sentiments, and they passed near'. con. How delightful is this ! Henceforth we may look for a little more public spirit among the merchants. Henceforth we may find them standing more frequently for the Legislature, and thereby acknowledging that they have duties to the country as well as towards each other. Henceforth, at any rate, the Chamber of Commerce will be a sort of commercial Agapemone, or mercantile abode of love. Salting, of invoices and secrets in prices current shall be no more. Every man who knows anything by which he may profit shall henceforth proclaim it with a loud voice upon 'Change. Dcnnistovvn, Brothers, shall be Everybody's Brothers, and shall be seen in every direction pouring oil into all sorts of wounds. Litigation shall be at an end, and rows of almshouses for the lawyers shall be erected and his Excellency shall lay the first stone, and congratulate the [audience upon the present lecturer being the first recipient of the new bounty. My feelings overcome me, and I must close the picture. Do not imagine that, because I have been drawn off to a somewhat romping digression, I have forgotten our situation. If I have shown more levity in the course of this lecture than some people may think becoming amongst a ruined people, pray' consider it is because I, for one, do not consider we are ruined at all. Like the gentleman who had seen too many ghosts himself to be able to believe in them, so I have seen the colony ruined too many times to believe it is going to "be ruined now. That there is distress amongst us there can be no doubt. In all periods of transition in every country there must ever be more or less of distress distress even occasionally among industrious, provident and worthy families. Such cases, perhaps, we are all known. But I believe the greatest outcry about the shortcomings of the colony proceeds not from this class at all. Unfortunately, every new country has in it large numbers of waifs and strays of humanity, unfitted for any mortal pursuit-a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class, always talking, never doing, save for a few hours together, and whose fate you have never any difficulty in foretelling. These sink down and succumb here, as they would any- where else. But for those who can apply their hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really the matter? Depression! Commercial crisis forsooth 1 What's a commercial crisis, compared with a cannon ball crisis ? We have heard enough, and to spare it is true, about New Caledonia, and about French fleets in Hobson's Bay. Let them come ; I believe in Old Caledonia, and in Old England, and in " ould" Ireland, and also in our volunteers, as right earnest, six o'clock in the morning follows, who mean it. But just imagine for a moment that such a fleet were here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught our seven bank managers, and clapped them into a chain- gang, and got them all on board ship as hostages for a good rattling ransom ! Here's something like a crisis if you like. "What was the imprisonment of the seven bishops, about which history makes so much fuss, compared with this cooping up of our seven bankers ? Imagine them, if you can, looking over the bulwarks of some "tall admiral," and pining for their parlours. This is the ludicrous side of war, and we laugh and strange to say, laughter and tears are never more sincere than when they are close to each other. For whilst contrasting more distresses of peace with the horrors of war, other and awful com- parisons with our own present happy condition press upon the memory. Was not Palermo bombarded the other day, and were not wives, and mothers, and little children slaughtered among the husbands, and the body, and the fathers ? Look at Taranaki misery at our very door. Think of the fired homesteads, the dispersed and ruined households, the hopes and labours of years of patient toil annihilated in an instant among a people who, the other day, deemed them, selves as secure as we consider ourselves now. Do we sufficiently and habitually consider, then, the advantages we actually enjoy ? Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some leisure for reading, for thought, and recreation are these possessions nothing? Are they not, indeed, all, so far as this mere sublunary life is concerned I am not preaching any impossible philosophy, or any anti-colonial degree of abstinence and self-made- fication. I merely mean to say, that there is nothing like looking resolutely at the better side of ? every situation, and being thankful to God that things are no worse. It is certain that as man is at present constituted he cannot even properly taste pleasure without having first known pain. We most of us command more than the people of many other countries enjoy, and as much as iwsophlttleatsd many costly wants and if at times and seasotu-andsuoh 1 " J. 1 . I I i . 11) to -1 times and seasons come to us all we find ourselves, unable to live up to our own doctrine, and that we are yet querulously repining under those losses, and crosses, and petty griefs and disasters, which have power over the strongest as over the weakest, let us r still thankfully bear in mind that, as the wisest and' most benignant of human spirits has said 44 This wide and universal theatre In sents more woeful pageants than the scene Wherein we play in. Good night. On the conclusion of the lecture, Dr. Macadam moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was gracefully responded to. Mr. Michie then moved a vote of thanks to the Governor, who. in acknowledging the same, expressed the great interest he had always felt in institutions like the Melbourne Young Men's Mutual Improve- ment Association. 