HUNTING. HKi.nornKK iiuxx cr/un i»«ni*o». Dbak Bjill,— On Saturday last wo met at the Hunters' Kcst, at tho usual early hour, viz , ? breakfast (tho needful) at seven, and tho throw-off at eight. Tho morning was all that could bo desired overhead, if a mere pleasure rido wero desired ; but tbo ground was too dry, and tho winl loo cold, for any experienced sportsman to expect anything like a good scent. Whilst talking of scent, 1 cannot but remark how singularly unfortunato our pack have been as yet this season, and I must declare my opinion that our frequent disappoint mAnfft in lrilllnrr nrn nnf. thp fnlllfc nT thn tiniimlA. I'hnfle learned in the ' gentle craft' must bo well aware that It frequently happens for months together, through s»mo peculiarity in tbo atmosphere, that after the first few hundred yards all sensitive trail disappears; and it is owing to thin happening nearly eycry day we havo met, that it baa been almost impossibfa to get blood. The accounts of the hunting season, 1858-9, in England recounted the snmo annoying fact, and tho outsiders must hot therefore infer that our pack aro duffers, bo causo the gamo of heads and tails his been hitherto against the kennel. .. Moreover, when hounds so fro-, quently arc disappointed, they lose tho energy and spirit which enables them to pick up a lost or over-run trail, and consequently become careless and slugelsh. With this dissertation as a prefix, I shall now proceed to narrate the proceedings of bur day. The muster was Bomowhat slack, but with regular and visitors there was stilt a field of thirty fivo. The well-known -nags that put in. an appearance were Blackbov, Allspice, Seventy-four, Tfle Don, Nimrod, Scissors, 'Bobby, Birthday, Rambl. r, Long Dog, Day Spring, Barney, and Bluo Bonnet. As the sun shone out strong, the master w.13 sharp to time, and hurried tho fellows away from tho breakfast table, whether they bad satisfied their appetites- or not, rightly telling them that it was their own faults if they liked the blankets tetter than a good feed. Quickly, then, all bands climbed or jumped into the pigskin, and graced by the company of two fair equestrians, tho cavalcade proceeded down the lane to tho customary covert. For an hour we knocked about without tho hounds even feathering, but af. length wo started a kangaroo that showed us at once, by his determined ring-running, that he was the samo teaser that has so often bothered us before. In fact, so well does he seem up to tho thing, and so cleverly does he tako advantage of tbo high wet scrub where the pack cannot stick to him, that he requires moro rattling out of cover than the famous dog fox who for three vcarfl eluded the Pytchley. However, he did break at last, and we bad a gallop over tn o or three little brush fences, and then came to a pretty good one that stopped all but the first flight men until its dimensions had been carelully reduced. Two spills over it afforded a little fun; tho ono being off Tho Don, who jumped careleisly and slipped his rider off his slippery new saddle, and the other a remarkablo feat of horsemanship on the part of the Kew major. . Proud of his new purchase, the gallant Seventy- four, on whom he had performed such wonders the previous Saturday as to make' him wish ho could ride a match with half-a- dozen Tom Olivers; the mnjor came careering along in brimful confidence But, sad to say, being somewhat awkward in bis bridle hand, ho rode his horse entirety on the curb, and chucked him on to the fence, instead of over it, thereby discharging himsolf over the head and ears into the paddock, and leaving his nag 'riding on tho rail.'. No damage accrned, and It will bo a lesson to onr worthy friend in handling the leathers. Almost immediately after this incident, tlio hounds threw up, and it was somo timo before they hit off again. When they did open, the long-'ailed 'un led us a circular dance and brought us back to the sama -fence, though by this time it was greatly reduced in di, mentions, and might be hopped instead of leaped. 'Just on coming to it, one of tho ' ladyes fair,' who was riding rather too venturously, came too close to tho branch of a fallen tree, and her habit draguing over it, sho was pulled off. Of course, ev«y mm instantly checked his career, and rushed to her assistance ; but, happily, sho got up smiling, and no harm was done. From this period, for some few hours, no real pport was obtained. 'TIs . true, .we viewed several times, aad had short spurts, but hunting it could scarcely bo called, and there were few men who did not secretly wish that Mr. Watson would givo up. But ho seemed determined to blood bis favourites, and although at a later period of tbe afternoon we found ourselves some 18 miles from homo, he struck off in a direction still further away, to a thickly scrubbed country, and made a final trial. Luckily- his labour was not In valu, for a flying doe was roisoil^ond the pick were speedily on terms with her. Like our former quarry, the seemed bent upon keeping in the. unrldablo country, but by the exertions and gamcriessof Messrs. Bcvan and Cole ber dodglng was frustrated, and the hounds finally obtained their just reward. A long journoy then brought us back to town about dark. ? - NIMROD'S GHOST. 