PORTRAITS I. Y PA ¡I LIAMES T. i ' MR, HENBÏ PARKES. BEFO (IE, by Ibo olaotlon of . nair Parliament, the gboa« of ibo deoeasad ia laid for ever, let na onoo more.thurn) the pâlotte, and trace the lineamenta bf a few men ol note that jet remain nnb. n lured with a peg in onr gal- lery of feme. ' j The laat gentleman we had the pleasure of banging waa no lesa august a personage than the dignitary who waa then went to fill ao ornamentally the Speaker a ohair, and next in alphabetioal order cornea one who at the last general eleotion waa h inourod by the oboioe of the worthy burgesses of Sy joey Bast. Mr. Parkt« is, in many respeots, a remarkable man ; be would not pass in a orowd. a. étranger wcu'd hardly jost'e him in the street without notioe, aa be might aoores of our conventional ariatocraoy, mer.hnnt prinoiB, and others, distinguished for their long purses or great names. There is a deolüedly Broughimy look about him, and, though it would puzzle yon physiognomically to say what was his particular forte, you would readily aeoept the suggestion that be was great at tilings in general. And you would be on the right traok, to? ; for, i grant him great, and there can be little question extent of olatohisone of bis ohief characteristics. Thia large grasp does not of necessity involve great powers, for the disposition to undertake is frequently stronger tban the ability to accomplish. Any one who has watched the career of Mr. Parkes for the last soore of j eira-and ha baa taken eare that the observer of publie1 events should find him prominent in the pioture-will admit that h« has held a aonspiouous position in the van of all great political movements, while of not a few he bas been both the apostle and the aoting head. There ia no sub ject too h'gh or too low, too great or too small for him, provided it be one in which the puklio have taken, or may possibly be lndnoed to take a lively interest. Ioto every pie-politioal, aooial, or commeroial-be bas managed to thruat a finger, and if, on snob oooaaiona, be bas not adopted the ij/tissima verba of Master Horner, etill the " what.a-good.boy.am.I " prinotple seems to be the «ne wbioh he has nlwoys endeavoured to eluoidate. A rabid admirer of Mr. Parkes, with muoh exaggeration, and some truth, haa thus written of bim :-" Seated one moment, as it were, on the lightr.log's flash, bis daring spirit leaps an ooean at a bound, and, holding two hemi- spheres in bis migb'y grasp, you behold him measuring out paths to nations, and apportioning to raoea yet un- born a habitation and a name. Recovering with diffi- culty by degrees from an effort of the imagination so amazing, look round again for this giant genius, and behold bim stooping at your own very feet, direoting the unsavoury op:rationa of tba handicraftsman, wboae labours supply material for tho oobbler'a awl.: In the study of ' ethics, and their praolical application to the ordinary affairs of every-day . life, ha is at once . prophet, : and . martyr to tbe faith. Endowed with the rare and lofty faculty'of dis oovering how things ought to bo-the fearleis courage to mould tba operation* of nature conformably to bis grander and more correct theories- be ignores sublimely the ocmmonplaoe meohanlsm of faot, and works out a modal universa of bis own that leads one sorrowfully to regret that his was not the first and authorised edition. A contemplation of the world,'as it might have been' bad it emanated from the oreatlve genius of a Parkes, ia oaloulated to steep one's poul in melancholy, and give rise to the prayer that he may, after all, tnrn oat to be the true Mokanne- . Bant lo freo Thia fettend world from orari bond and «tain', And bring ita prlu.al flarlei baok again," Tho tame writer remarks:-"It ia an inestimable advantage to tho raoe of rising aenatora that there stands before'them, in the person of Henry Parkes, the bern ideal of the representative man." And ibis, too, eootaina truth. Oar suoking loglalators might be woree employed than in sitting at the feet of thia, Gamaliel. A more con- stitutional member never sat In the Houae, or one who had a nieer peroeption of the duty of a representative-or the rights of a oonatituenoy. In the Assembly be is oourteoua and dignified te all, and looks for s'milar treatment himself. He indulges in no petty personal insinuations, and, if bia manner want polish, bis tone at least is alwaya gentlemanly, and hie demeanour decorous. To tho obair he'ia uniformly respectful, and, in thia particular, affords an example to roany whioh they would do well to imitate,. : Enter the Assembly at what hour you- will, you are eure to seo Mr; Parkes. Neatnember is moro unflagging in his attention to publlo business. By a voluminous return published seme time alnoe in the columns of a contemporary, entitled "'Parliamentary History," the authorship of whioh bas been attributed to thc honorable gentleman himself, it ia clearly made to appear that Mr. Parkea has no superior in regularity of attendance ¡ and, although an uncharitable cauBO has- been assigned for oonduot so exemplary by some who- ore shamed by the contras', the insinuation is probably unjust. Mr. Parkes is naturally a worker : he feels moat at borne in his shirt sleeves. The labour ho delights in not only physics pain-It anodyses lb altogether. The greatest punishment that could be inflloted on bim would bo an enforoed idleness. Mr. Parkes will Almost always bs- found at tba t«b'o If by chanoe you bobold him reclining on tho oaahions, still bis perjoil is io bis hand* and hia fingers aro usually at work. Tho idea of his Bleeping seems almost an absurdity: whooould fanoy such a min tucked up in tba blankets, with, a nlghtoap ever his ears ? In addressing tho Speaker,, bis manipulations aro iooossant. If th« honorable geml:maa ware born to that destiny which,, acoordlng to popular belief, exempts a man from the dangora oi a watery grave, bia last display of oratory would be. hia.warst, for the thong that restrained hia hands would tie down his tongue also. He baa. that peouliar fidget of the Angora which Diokens bas dea. oribed in "Little Dorrit" as dlatinguisbing a mccbanio out of his workshop. Wa refrain from making comparl. eon to that quadruped whose movemonts are more livoly than dignified. However pure may be Mr. Parkot'a pat'Uttam, he certainly does appoar to have an itoblng palm. Entering the House then, and seeing, as you would not fail to do, the honorable member for East Sydnoy, y JU would at onoo remark oBttain peculiarities whioh distinguish him /rem other members of that august assembly. Note first a jaded air, aa of ona whoso eon* sumption of the midnight oil has been. largo, and whose mental energies faavo boon long and severely strained. ObBrrve, further, that ho bas been toughened, not Bbat terod, by hia exertions. Enthusiasm, buoyanoy, ¿lan, I thry ever existed, are.gone; it ia tho haok, and not tbi high.mettled raoer, that stands before yon. Ile may indeed, ohamp, and rear, and snort occasionally, as ii unused to tho rein, but you m >y Bee at a glenco that it i: training, and not spirit, that brings out hia points ; take off his trappings and turn him out to grass, you would hardly stop to look ot him. Mark also a certain lan- guor, aa of a disappointed man-ono who would gladly turn bis attention to something else, if he woll knew what. Ho baa a slouoblng look, too. Tho little arnon), tlos of lifo appear strangers to bira ; ono would doubt tho probability of bia shaking hands with a friend, and maintain with oonftdenoe that he novar doffed hia bonnet to lawn sleeves or crinoline. Slmplo veneration is not familiar to him ; lovo of approbation is amalgamated with self-esteem, sod oloaked by, seore tivonoss. Tho organ of combativeness, howover, is very prominent t yon will seldom hear him exproas agreement with what bas been atatod by another, unless he has sonto objeot to gain by . it. He will not speak at all, unless ho oan leave the beaton track of the debate, and, even at tho expenso of oouslstonoy, strike but some now path that shall at lotst appear to bo orlgl nal. nts resemblance to Mr. Forster in thia particular, prevents thean two gentlemen from being friends, and renders thom almost equally Impraotloable. Thia la one reason why bo has beon looked uponassgenla», but, wllb. . hp ciC 'plloD ol Mr. Plunkett, hardly o roan in Ihp uonptry hu been moro persistently overrat id Iban Mr, Pirk os, though no one, perhaps, entertolne so high an 'opinion of bis abilitlea si tbe honorable gentleman bim «elf. His poetical (t) work« furnish as glaring an In- stance aa could ba imagined of how a man moy su joe id in blinding his own judgment ; for it is hard to beti ve he would have published them without : supposing that they p:aseaaed some kind.of morlt, whllo it" is equally difflonlt to understand by what Btrange prooesa he oonld hove arrived a! so wonderful a conclusion. Mr. Parkes is an excellent tactician. Well up in all the mlnutfre of Parliamentary business, he oan always avail himself of the oircumstanoe and tho moment, and, by his superior Billi, oan lead others with bim. Bis last move, as far aa bia own intentions were oorioerned, was tbe clever queening of a pawn, his honorable and learned ollenguo's vituperations'notwithstanding. Mr. Parkes had no snob foolish expectation as that of bringing Ministers on their knees before him ; but be knew hov. evenly the two sides were balanced- he wanted a ari is. and ha wanted et onoe to justify the roi« ho played, and make it a conBpiouous one. A party that should have him es its hoad would be arrayed uudor a skilful marabel. Thus, we are far from denying to Mr. Parkes the possession of remarkable tálente, and if, PS report sayo, be be now s udylng for tbe profession of the law, we prediot him BUCOCBS in bia new oalling. Aa a special pleader he will hove no superior in our Courts, nod, il he direct bis attention obiefly to oommon law, bis oareer is likely to bo a brilliant one. Plausible to an extent almost beyond helief, he will sway juries at his will ; with bim and Mr. Darvall for the defense, one might meet boldly any aoouBatioD. Though leaking noarly all the graoos of oratory he possesses in an eminent dogroe the great seorot of all-the talent of inspiring an audience who do not know him, with a strong conviction of his sincerity. Hu oould b» ill spared from Parliament. As a debater, he is suoooBBful and always oanies weight, but os a politician he bas signally failed. His aim bas been atartling effect, and he baa aooomplishod little : though hawked about in the name of the propbot, the people generally ore tired of his fig*. 