(From our Files per Emeu.') It is understobd that a measure, or.propo pal, having- for its oblject the defence of the Colonies, will be subniitted by Government to Parliament as early in the ensuing session as circumstances will permit. The details are not known-perhaps are not yet determined upon;. but as far as they have transpired, it seems that the measure will aplily'only to cer tsin colonies~ which will be asked to divide thecost with the .lnperial Government, while other colonies of greater wealth, such as Aus tralian will be left to provide theirow.n defen ces. We coufesswe have little reliance upon those crude outlines; .but we give them as they have reached us. We apprehend that before Ministers come to Parlinment with such a solheme, they will have bestowed more ma tura;.consideration upon its provisions... All domestic iiterests have been latterly so completely absorbed in.foreign affairs, and in the enrolnent of the Volunteers, that incidents are scarce at home. TheOChristuas lins' been marked by weather of extraordinary severity. For `many yeafs past so inclement a season lhas not ushered in the gift bbooks and the panttmimes. ' We will .nht -ventire, here to recordi how many degrees below freezing point the glass persisted in falling froin day toda;,: or whatt average ieptli of snowv accumuilated in towvn and' coulnty during the Chrlistmas: tide; but we may safely state in general terms tiat' the: winds have been " nipping cold," and tlinat.,the surfaoe of the erthli has been cosvered iitll a gloriotis mihntle'of white, ftiou wlich, whatever the birds may have thought of it foi the time'h'eiog, the farmiers will deriie, w .e lihpie; large benefits a few months hence... 'i e pioegress of Volunteer enlistment pro ceeds with unabated orithusiasm, nor does there seein:.to he any reitson to .npprelhend ?i lull in the ene:g iriiy d devotion of the peoplq The ?'fct that there is no longer ground fdr fearing ahil invasion seems ratllher to stimulate than weaken the desire to fo;ni these corpgi and iif the yoiithl of Englandn and indeed, tie age,; for. there is no limit to 'the enrolmenit, pro ceed much longer as they have begin, we nay look soon'to have a body of some 400,000"or 500 000 'wel'dlld .d and intelligent self-suip plorting soldiers in the field ready for-any emergency. We are soirry to say that hpl to the present time'the attempt to raise a Naval Reserve has been unsuccessliil; but we muist wait a little longer beforei we can conclude thllnt itis a faillre. ' She draft'bf* lsill for the establishment, of a liip.of'steampaekiet between Fiance'apd Ohina .has .been laid 'before the. Council :of State. It is proposed that the steamers shall sail from Mttiseilles'to Alexandria, and f?dns Suez to Shanghai.' . ' It is to' Mr. Oobden," says- the Paris cor respeondent of the ' Post,' " that England and Fraiince ?re indebted' for the proposed new commercial treaty.- That gentlemainhas rendered most valuable services to the people's interests on both sides of "t ie: water; 'and ',in doing.so of' course he lies aited ;with'the an th!oity of. her r: i?esty's governmeut.; The pending:negotiations, were commenced :so far back as August. last at Compisgne.::- The newo commercial treaty will. probably be concluded betweeinEiggland and Francpe ',y the:end of the present month.:' .: "It is said that 24,00 copies of "TThe Pope cid the Congress, have been printed ad sold in the Roinagnia aone.: A telegram annouinces. the completion, on the 24th of Novomber; of the submariine cable hlaid li Messrs. No?tall'and Co. fotihe Duitcoh goyereinment, between Singapore anid Ba:tavia, a distance of nsnaly 6000 miles. ??Anotlier was about to be laid to Balembang:: '. =-: LoNDON WooL REPoits.JA-NUARi"Y 1?7 I.860.-Since the: close of outp?lti 'sals the inquiries in 'our market have not equalled ex pectations, arid although a few contaotshra ave been made,;principally' for Frariiie,stocks are not moving off so r?pidly, as, considering the active state of trade. in the North, might fairly.be looked for. All eccountaconfirm the fl?t that consumption will, ere the Febriary Miarmh sales commines, havle usedup nearly all tho old stock, and therefore tihei prIbability of a good supply for thie first sales of the year I swill tend to average prices more, and instenadl I of the high rates sometimes established at those sales, mamifthsturiers will nB e nabled to supply. immediate requirements at. prices soniewhat commensurate with the value of goods.- Thi last mail has put us inopossession of.the prices.paid at Sydney and Port Phillip. for the firu clips in the miurket, and it.is per fectly inexplicable upon whait basis such high ratfescan be defended. The lov iatbs 'of May, 1859, when iagooid 'sirinokls of'the neiv clip. was offered, ought, one would imagine, to have led to extreme caution; and although the rates current in Jutly-August, established an.advaiice of., 1d. to ?d,' still the average 'rngi gof-prices.even. then, would not exceed those current? at the-twoports named by last advices, putting: aside the question of charges aii'd margin for profit. * LotD ilAOALrAY. -*ilIa death of L0ord Alaoaulay took place suddenly on tile evening of December 28, at his residence in Kensington. On the 20th of l)ecember he had entertained h isflhmily at a Christmas partty. Although for some years ho had sufferedo'tom an affec tion of the heart and three weeks ago lie had ta returri of threatening symptoms, yet ho ap peared. to rally-again; the symptomss, although serious, were not nlarming; and at the Christmas party he was only so far 'itnliko himself as to hib rather silent. Hiis' friends ifi parting with him that nightlittle tholiight that in less 'than eight-and-forty honrs he would be no more for -this world. He died in a fainting fit, ivithout "the least pain. - Lord Macaulay .was never maried, and .the title 'dies with him. II6 was nuly 59 years of age. The following is a brief biographical sketoh of 'the deceased peer: 'Thomas Babington, .Lord Ma1caulay, was born at Rothley Temple, ;in the county of Leicester, on Octohbr 25, '1800. He was grandson of the Rov. Jolhn :Mncaulay, AL.Mn, Presbyterian ministei?of IInverary, and son of the celebrated phlilanthro pist, Zachary Macaulay. Early in life he was sent to Trinity College, Caimbridage, whero his career was one of higl'distinction. In 1822 he gradurated bachelor of arts, and was elected fellow of:l'riniity College. In 1825 he ob tiined his master of arts degiee, and;, adopt s ing the law .as hi future profession, hb under wont the usual course of study, and was called to the bar, at Lincoln's Inn, in February, 1820\. In August, 1825, while still under 25 years of age, Macaulay contributed to the ' Edinburgh Review' his fimous essay on " Milton." This was the first of that long series of brilliant essays with which, during 20 voears subsequently, he enriched the pages of the 'Review.' The Whig party, then in power, were not slow to recognise the merits of the son of Zachary Macaulay. Thcey gave him ia lucrative applointment (a coinmissioner ship in bankruptcy), aud in 1830 introduced him into the Iouse of Commons, by placing the " pocket borough " of Calne at his disposal. As a member of the legislative body, Mr.' Macaulay distinguished himself by a zealous devotion to the business and debates of the time. He became Secretary to the Board of Control, and figured prominently in the pro= tracted Parliamentary discussions on the Reform Bill. In December, 1832, he was returned to the first Reformed Parliament as member for the borough of Leeds. In 1834, however, he resigned this seat and his ap pointment at the Board of Control, to go out to India as a member of, and legal adviser to, the Supreme Council of Calcutta. He re mained in the East about th'ee years; during his stay he acquired a handsome independency by the lucrative nature of lis .oflice, and at the same time he continued to perform lhis duties as one of the' Edinburgh Reviewv' staff. Some of his most elaborate articles, we are told, were then written, and sent over from Calcutta. On his return to England, Mr. Manciahiy turned his acquaintance with the affhirs of India to account in his brilliant o.says on " Lord Clive" and " Wlrren Hastings." In. the year 1889 Mr. Macaulay Igain atdeepted office under Government. He beclime Secretary-at-War, and was soon after elected member of Parliament for.the city of Edinburgh. The right honourable gentleman ietained this position in the Government rntil Slptember 1841, when the Whig Ministry in which hlie served gave way to the second cabinet of Sir Robert Peel, and lie (Mr. Maaultay) was consequntrly deprived of offlice On the return ot the Whigs under Lord John Rissell, Mr. Macaulay took office an Paiymaster-General of the Forces, -with a seat in the Cahineti and lie fiulfilled the duties of the position until 1847, when he un expectedly lost his seat in Parliament. The mnjority of the constituents of the Scottish capital, as may be recollected, disagreed with the right lion. gentlbman on the subject of the Maynooth grant. At the general election, however, they recovered their credit by re phicing Mr. Macaulay in his former position. During the next three or fimr years he con tinmod their representative in Parliament, but the state of his health prevented him fiom at itending the House with his accestomed zeal. At length, in 1856, he resigned his seat, and at the same time intimated his intention of not again resuming public or Parliamentary life. It is, horwever, in the world of literalturl thlit Mr. Macaulay has won his great fuime. ['lh'e last earthly. honours wore paid. on Jannary ff to the remains of this great man. Escorted by the noblest and highest in the land, the body of Macaulay was left to mingle its dust With those of the great of past days who slumber in peace' beneath Westminster Abbey. Those who had the honour of assist ing as pall-bearers were:-'-hll Lord Chan cellor, Lord John Russell, the Den- of St. Paul's, Sir David Dundas, the Earl of Carlisle,: .the Speaker of:the House of Commons, the Bishop of Oxford, Sir Henry Holland, Sir G..' Lewis, and Earl Stanhope. Lord Macaulay's grave -is 'close to the base of Addlison's statue.] 1ExTnAOnn NAtY CASE OFP PIRAO.- Til0 purser of the African mail steamer ' Ethiope' reports from Teneriff'e- that on the. 24th of November, at 9 p.m., a boat .containing Captain George Walker and four men of tlhe American schooner William, was left off that iort by the French barque ' Rose Marguerite.' Captain Walker, with his boat's crew,stlortly afterwards landed. and made the..following atatement before the Captain-General of the island and the British and Amoriddn consuls, wvhich habl'een corroborated by his men:-- He left. Savannah on the 2ath of October, in the Uinited States schooner William, with a crow of thirteen men and two passengers (females), bound to Smyrna. He had also on board 27,000 dollars in cash, and some bales of silk.. Four days after leaving* ho experienced bad weather from N.E; which compelled him to steer S.S.E. for forty hours, as thr.as lat. 20.10. N. On the Slst of November, the sch'ooner was in lat. 30.16 N., long; .20 W., when lihe spoke the French barque 'Jenny' of Marseilles, bound to Mar tinique;.* and, as his provisions had been damaged .by the bad weather, lie hailed the barque, launclled his boat, and, accompanied by four of his crew, he boarded her in search of a firesh supply. The mate, meanwhile, was left in clhargo of tihe schooner, and was order ed to keep nor close astern of the 'Jenny.' Captain Walker hlad made one journey to annd firoh tihe barque, but on his returning to .tho schooner a second time, thie mate made all sail, and completely abandoned him, with his four men, in the emall boat. He made every offort to give chase, but darkness shortly afterwards set in, and the schooner was lost sight of. On the following day they were picked up by thie French burqne ' Rose Mar 'ruerite,' COptnin' Brussion, and left niear Teneriffe, as stated above. In the protest whliclih hs been entered by Captain Walker before tho Consuls, he swore that from the proceedings of those on board of his schooner after he left her, which he could partly see during the fobur hours he was in chase, he believed that the mate, whose name is T. J. Walton; inntended'to matke away with the vessel, and get clear off with the 27,000 dol lars, which vwas in Spanish doubloons. The nmaster of the 'Rose Marguerite' had ad dressed a letter to the French Consul of Tednertife, and stated that he had picked up Captain.Walker and four of his crewv in a asmall boat at sea. Captain Walker and his: crew, whoso names are Charles IHunter, Peter Lynch, Frinnk Joseph, and John Ray lar's, 'arrived in Liverpool, as passenger's by the 'steamer ' Ethiope,' 'which also brought the boat in which Captain Walker and his man bad lhb?i abandoned. IoRRIDn u MuDn tD . FIRANCE.-A .Iur der was committed a' few everings ago at Nubecourt, in theI Meurthe. An aged couple, named Garnier, who are possessed of some prolierty, were seated by the- fire, when a stranger entered and said that the notary of the village wished.to see the man on business olfimportance: Gamier, not having any busi ness with the niotary, was indisposed to go, but his wife over-persuaded him, and ho went out. The notary told him that he had not sent for him, and Garnier returned home greatly vexed. On his entering the house, a horrible spectacle presented itself. His wife was lying on the floor with her skull dread fully beaten in, apparently.by blows fiom a stick, and with numerous stabs in her throat and thee. She was still alive, but in a minute or two after died without saying a word. The cuphoards and drawers were ransacked, and money and other valuables taken away. There is no doubt that the stranger who in duced the husband to leave home'was the murderer. The gendarmerie are in search of lim. The wife of Mr. J. H. Gurney, M P. for King's Lynn, has eloped with one of the family domestics. The lady has a fortune in her own right of £500,000. Proceedings have been commenced with a view to a divorce. The 'Kentish Observer' records the elope ment of the wife of MIr. Smith Bannerrhan (a gentleman of large property living at I-Inton, near Maidstone) with the Rev. A. W. Green, curate to the Rev. Canon Moore, at Hunton. It seems that the fact was discovered by Mr. Bannerman on his return from a day's hunt ing; and there can beno doubt that the elope ment had been planned many weeks before, and only put off for a favourable opportunity. The couple were traced to Gravesend, but they had got four hours' start of their pursuers, and Mr. Bannerman only learnt that they had crossed the water in a boat that had been off Gravesend for some weeks. It is stated that they had been seen with a brace of loaded pistols, as if determined upon extremities in case thev had been overtaken. The affair has occasioned the most painful feeling among all classes of the community in the neighbour hood where it occurred. The curate, Mr. Green, had always been looked upon with respect for the faithfil discharge of his clerical dities, anti Canon Moore, the rector of Hunton, had a particular regard for him. The lady has property in her own right amounting to £100,000. Mrs. Gurney, who fled with her groom fiom England, has, it is said, arrived in Paris. Much curiosity is manifested whenever she appears abroad; but what is most remarkable, is the utter indifference manifested towards her companion. The lady is short and rather stout, with an extremely juvenile gait and manner. The p1artner of her flight is of middle height, with sandy hair and whiskers, and bears not half such a good face upon the matter as his victim, for he looks down, and ventures not to raise his eyes as ihe walks along.-' Observer.' A rumour, well authen ticated, has obtained during the last few days, to the effect that Mrs. Smith Bannerman, who eloped a fortnight since with the lRev. A. W. Green, curate of Hunton next Dart ford, was, with her paramour, on the evening of her flight, put on board the Australian clipper' ship 'Blervie Castle,' subsequently wrecked in the channel, when all on board were lost. A Gravesend boatman, who pro fesses to have had a knowledge of Mr. Green, has deposed to the fact of having taken that gentleman off to' the ill-fated ship on the night in question with a lady closely muffled, whose description exactly coincides with that of Mrs.. 3annerman. The ' Manchester Examiner' contradicts the foregoing state ment "on the best authority." The guilty party were seen in England after the date of the wreck alluded to. TRIAL 0P A NEW WAR Roo0KET IN FriANide.-Impdrtant experiments are now going on.at Vincennes, to test the value of a new invention, the destructive powers of wvhich are described as perfectly appalling. The invention 'is a new kind of percussion rocket; its range is immense, but, like all projectiles of that kind, there is great difficulty in. obtaining a correct aim. The inlhabitants of the villages all round Vincennes are pre vented crossing the wood which surrounds the polygon while the practice is going on. The' Corrisro Cremonese' states that seve ral aliraeys occurred a few days back at lantua between Hungarian and Austrian soldiers; also, that the troops of the Duke of Modena expected to be sent into Hungary. Dictator Ferini has directed that 10,000 muskets shall be placed at tihe disposal of the various munlcipalities of Central Italy in order to complete the armament of the Na tional Guard. A Madame Howard, celebrated for her in-. timacy with the Emperor previous to' his marriage, and on whom he bestowed a hand some income "imediately previous to that event, aftorw:L .J married the son of Sir John Trolawny, the Welsh baronet; and now, after a separation of some time from her husband (on whom she had settled by contract about £2000 a-year), the lady is taking measures to secure a divorce. Unless hushed up, the case will bring up past circumstances not at all agreeable for high personages. A ScOTTISH GUHOST.-" A ghost" has been in the habit of haunting the neighbourhood of Panmure, near Dundee, in various disguises. He carries fire-arms, and on being accosted presents at pistol to the person addressing him. One morning, at dawn, he was perambulating about in white, and on one occasion he was pursued by two men,' but vanished out of their sight. The 'Dundee Courier' says he Walks on springs, which en enable him to bound like one of the feline species. He is a tall, strong man, able to stand all weathers, and to defend himself. It is said that on one occasion hie was seized by five men, who surrounded hinm, and suc ceeded in holding him fast. Under his white overall they found a breastplate, pistol, and dagger. He promised, if let go, not to annoy the neighbourhood again, and they allowed him to escape. Many are so much afraid of meeting him that they will not venture out at dark, and the factory hands go to work in the morning trembling like timid hares pursued by hounds. The ghost, in con eequence, has become an intolorable nuisance in the village. THE CZAR AND THE JEWS. A house be longing to the crown was sold at Sebastopol by public auction. The Israelitish congrega tion bought it, destining it. for religious pur poses. The Emperor having heard this sent them back the deposit, amounting to 20,000 roubles, with the intimation that they should accept this sum as a mark of the imperial good will, and that they should employ it in the adaptation of the building to its new purposes. In the town of P- , being a place of pilgrimage to devotees, the Emperor was asked to order the demolition of a number of houses belonging to poor Israelites, andi which would have enlarged the area of the convent containing the church to which the pilgrimages were made. The Emperor not only refused, but recommended the poor tenants of these hovels to the authorities. 'Jewish Chronicle.' The " Benicia Boy," (Mr: J. C. Heenan), the American who is to contest the champion,. ship of the world with Tom Sayers, has ar rived at Liverpool. The fight is to come off in April. Mr. Scott lRussell, in a letter to the directors, thus sums up the advantages of the ' Great Eastern':-" She has proved handy and manageable, so as to go into and out of any harbour in this or other countries that affords suitable traffic. She has ample power to stand up in a seaway or storm, without such rigid stiffness as to make the sea strike her with violence. She has proved herself the strongest ship in world. She has proved that in danger, whether from external violence or internal accident, her system of separation intocompartments is so successful, that no dam age to one part of her affects another. She has realised the speed for which she was designed, and which issuch as to enable her to reduce the time of a voyage to Australia from 59 days to 30 days. She can not only carry coals for the entire passage to Australia, but find room besides for 5000 tons of goods. Along with this, she affords ample accommoda tion for from 500 to 800 first-class passengers, and might be fitted up for 1000 additional berths, as first or second class, and 1500 third class, if desirable. She was not meant to be entirely completed until after her return frodm America, when her permanent station inid trade could be determined. Ohiginally she had been designed to accommodate 3000 pas sengers, or 10,000 troops; but for the pur pose of going to sea on her trial, trip to America, she was only to be completed for 675 passengers." 