GENEBAL INTELLIGENCE. MaoisTEBtu Bestsa. — The Mayor of Hobart Town, David. Lewis, and Robert Walker, Esquires, are the magistrates on the Boater to attend at the Polite Office to-day. THB MOWIOITAI Cooxcn, meets this AFTER' noon at four o'clock. MisenmaaT Mrbtchq. — A Public Tea Meeting will be held this afternoon, at the School Boom, Melville-street, after which the General Meeting will take place under the presidency of Dr. Officer, M.H.A., and addresses will be delivered by Wteleyan and other ministers and friends in behalf ot the Weeleyan Missions. EXTBAOEDINAET AOITATIOW OF THE SEA. —Mr. R. Edmonds has supplied an interesting piper to the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal on this subject. On June 25, 186$, at half-past li pm, three miles west of Powey, in Cornwall, a sound waa heard in the opes sea like the rushing of a first class steamer, and it was at first thought that such a steamer had mistaken her course, and would in a few seconds be wrecked. The sound, however, proved to be caused by a tremendous current rushing into the harbour, breaking the hawsers by wbioh the resaels were fastened, and dashing them against each acu other omer in in a most most fearful tean manner. Similar agitations took place the same night at Penf ^ l ^ ^ ' ^ the coast, and alao on October 4,1859. Mr, Edmonds discusses the subject at soma length, referring to the state of the barometer and thermometer, the exhibition of earthquake phenomena, &o; ; and ia conclusion requests future observer* to note the elate of the tide, the time,,the breadth, direction, and rapidity of the currents, and the state of the atmosphere when these remarkable dis- turbances of the ocean takes place. GSNNKAL POST OFFICE—November Uth 18S0—Letters potted this evening, either insufficiently stamped or not stamped at all— Capt Ogilvy, KicWmd; Mr William Fiaher, Sandy Say. November 16th —Mrs. Reid, New Town. November 17—Messrs BankB, Bros. Henderson & Co , Melbourne. Miss Nutt, Clarence Plains. Alfred Butler, Baq., I Launceston. Mine Macdowell, Macquarie- j B t !S et> I TUB GovBtwoaeHir OR MADBAS.—Mini. I nisters are a good deal puzzled about a ' auocessor to Sir Henry Ward. The appoint- ) ment was offered to Lord Wodehouae who declined it, and it has now been offered to Lord Napier, Minister Bt the Hague, but tho result was not known when the nail left. It j Lord Napier declines, it will rest between I Sir Bartle Frere and Sir William Mansfield, ; the former of whom was recommended by ; Lord Canning — Madras Times. Oct. 12. A HAAX INDUCEMENT.—Cabbie, to nervous old Gentlemen—" Now, then, Sir, jump in. Drive you oat of your mind for eighteenpence!" NAROLION L. ANB MAOAHEDE STABI..— . She was banished on a frivolous pretext, first ftvm Paris and afterwards from France. One \ prefect of Genera was dismissed as being too civil to her: the next took care to exceed his ^ duty in the opposite direction. Sbe was for- ! bidden to travel. She consoled herself with j the society of Schiegel, who, tor eight years, bad been educating her son. It war discover- | ed that the friendship of this great man was some consolation to her, and he waa ordered summarily to,uit Ccppet. No offen» ^ imputed to him. except that in an essay he bad given the preference to the " Pb»ira " or Euripides over the "Phndre" of Racine! But the veagaancs of Booaparto was not satisfied with these persecutions. He deter. mined that the poor woman, whose obief crime lay in having refused to join hi. r.arty, should be bereft of all her friends. Mutthieu da Montmorency visited her at Coppet, The day of his arrival, tho prefect of Genoa wrote to Paris to announce it. The return of the mail brought him an orderof exile. Madame Reoamier, on her way to the beihs cf Air, : " would ' ^ sot be persuaded ' not to enter the doom- 1 ed bouse, but had scarcely put her foot in it when ahe too was condemned to the same fate. , Saint Priest, the ex-minister of Louis XIV., i and aa old mm of aeventy-eight was living i at Geneva. In spite cf Madame de Stael's ! entreaties, he insiatn) insisted on visiting rl.tHmr her h*,* in ,„ t,„. her affliction. In the depth of winter be waa ban- ished irom Switzerland for this act of friendship. As s climax to all this, a gendarme was set to watch Madame de Stael in all her movements, and thus even her home was made wretched to her.—The Queens of Society. A SERVANTOH SrtaiTujiusH —It i» fortunate that rapping spirits, which sfem very tricksy beings, do not seem to be able to move stteet-knockers, Otherwise wo should conainually be going to answer a rap at the door' tnd coming back, aayiog. "Plejse'm only a ghost.'' A FARMER'S OriNioN or TKE FRCNCH IKVASION.—Io one of the boroughs in Worcestershire during the assembling of the rifle corps, a farmer asked of what use such chaps as they were. Some one aaid, "Suppose the French were to come over f " "Tbe French 1" sneered the farmer, " arhoy, give me a dice o' bread an' a bit o' salt, I could eat aFrenchmon," This in tbe peculiar burr and tone of self appreciation of a Worcestershire man, waa very racy. AH Ausiccoca ANSWXR.—At the close of the volunteer parade one of the corps accosted one of our rather practical towaameu with —Mr A—,why don't you join our corps t" " I haven't got time for such exercises," replied Mr A . " Time!" expostulated the civil warrior, Do you think it will be lime when an enemy appears on the coast t" "In that case," replied Mr , "you will find me as nimble aB anv of you."—Dundee Advertiser, Basnora.—Ths Times «aya-"We hare 30 prelates always in tbe House of Lords; they are not overburdened with ecclesiastics) work considering they are able to epend six months away from their dioceses, nor do tbey make much show as legislators. Notice.—Those eligible premises at the corner of Davey and Barrack-streets, and alao cottage residence in Barrack-street, will be 60ld (this day) by Mr. Worlev, at bis Mart—12 o'clock. Particulars will be found in onr advertising columns. 