TARIFF REFORM AND ITS OPPONENTS. •To the Editor of the Gedong Adwiuer. bir,—Had it not been for the present gloomy aspect which in every thing and every t where meets the view, the ilippaut and scoffing manner of the opponents of a protective policy, might well afforded cause for merriment In the present case, however, feelings of a far different kind will bo created, feelings of pity for those whoso minds are so weak that all arguments and even ocular demonstration of the most con vincing land are unable to penetrate the cloud of prejudices in which they envelop themselves. Another chess, however, and it is to be feared a numerous one, are' storing up for themselves feelings of the deepest contempt daily increasing, and if it wanted any additional impetus this debate liatli afforded it in any quantity. Throwing out the low comedy notions of their defences, of what does it consist 1 A reiteration of fallacies confuted a hundred times, a designed overlooking of the means by which great nations have reached pre eminence, an iusane and in too many cases a selfish adherence to a policy which for seven long years hath been gradually undermining the roots of our prosperity, and instead of being a goodly tree as we ought to be,con sidering it hath been manured with eighty millions of gold, what do wo find .' A miserable sapling, scarcely alive, and only borrowing what vitality it hath, not Irom its own ric'h resources, these are lavished on the foreigner, but on what it can beggar-like pick up from the chance profits of trade. The lion member l'or Castleinainc " con sidered it an anomaly that he should stand up in tlie nineteenth century to oppose the principles of protection." A more striking anomaly is, not that Mr Pyke in the nine teenth century, should stand up to oppose protection, hut that the lion the Commis sioner of Trade and Customs, with the iacilities he ought to have of knowing the truth, can muster the hardihood to string up a lot of statements which if true once arc now 110 longer so. For instance, he says, " If the colony produced gold to the value ot 10 millions, and received what was worth twelve millions, it was a gainer to the extent of two millions—an old 'fashioned protectionist argument—even although the two millions were gained. We insist that if the ten millioiisweiejiidiciously.eniployed in the development of bur own productive re sources, the _ two millions of what lie calls gain (but viewed in the light of truth and experience may he justly called loss), would have left marks of permanent prosperity very far different from oar present heart sickening fluctuations and rusli-hmiting and unsettled propensities. We find no fault with Mr Pyke_ for ex pressing his own opinions, well knuwiiigtiiat at the settlement of that great question his l opinion will go little way; but we find fault with the Commissioner of Trade and Cus toms, taking advantage of liis position, by; statiugwbat a veryslightcnquiry would prove, to. be untruths..The importer now, except lie' hath been fortunate in getting a Government,; contract,"'. can Veil' contradict the boa gentleihnn. There is nothing now but the' -ghost-to look at, the substance has been gnt-j dually" disappearing for yearsand a more correct way to state the matter would be, that for our ten millions of gold, the loss of two million 011 the imports will he nearer the truth than the statement lie gives. Let the gentleman "take a few holidays and inspect the stores,1 and will lie seel—rotton oats, rancid butter, only fit for waggon grease, re novated clothes cast aside by the Loudon dandies—as witness the demand in Loudon for "cast off clothes for Austridia"—sour ale, spirits: and wines which only retain the color, the substance being carefully trans formed into poison. Space will not permit , a lengthened catalogue of the many' scores of articles in all stages of decay, of which we are veiy rich, and from which source, the chief of our trade says there is a gain of two millions. Us, out of the way people, Mr Editor, had not learned that the I1011 member for Kit more was 'preparing to display his oratory in Cremorne Gardens, but such must be the case, as bis speech was exactly suited for that famous locality. The position that gentleman once held amongst us ought to make'him very careful how he treats any question to which now all eyes are turned, and the more so as a heavy responsibility lies at the door of those who were in a position, where they could not fail to see the ruinous effects of their policy' and in stead of using endeavours to arrest it, have the assumption now to treat it as a joke. The report of the committeo is called a small dose. The serious complaint about the want of occupation for our children must also be made a burlesque of. "Marrythe boys to the girls," aud the boys have been learned ta do nothing, and of course if they caunot work they must steal; the second part is, the girl wife, although she has a husband, has nothing more, neither clothing nor food, she must < sell her person ; tho third part is the children,' (it! is to be hoped they will be few) their, boy father 011 the roads, their girl 'mother on the streets,—these innocent children : must Tall a burden on the com munity. aud the great increase of such help less children at the present time makes the heartless and -inhuman advice without ■ • Yours truly, Bellerineite. Clifton, 8tli August. . - 