HUE 5T1VO IHOimAXD GVIJTEAD. ( rrom the Snortmn Magazine'.) Thore was littlo aoing in Newmarket' itself. Joey Jones was not in costume, but in (wo presume) court mourning, and orjly drovo a mulo-cart up and down the thoroughfares, in an 'eccentric' and violent manner, and elicited tho curl on every lip, as, with tho reins a milo apart, ho tore past tho betting-rooms. Peoplo seemed to talk of Savers and Hcenan' more than any thing elso, and wo heaid many farmers say th it they had morcly como to seo them. Any man who could toll w. . — ??-? (nuuviii a^hiiu, hiiu uviiuiu n aa IJUllV Mb It premium. A Snyerito would rcconnt how a member of lho Jockey Club, who went to tho fight, had sent Tom a £100 note, and then branch off into' anecdotes of his sojourn and habits of Iffo at Newmarket. How, for in stance, ho used to run round tho Bury Hill, two miles at least, without slopping, and then get rubbed down with^ whiskey, with littlo garnishes about his going to bed at 10, after a quiet look' in at tho billiard-rooms, and winding up with an eulogy on Sam Rogers, for his empty horso van dodge, tho magistrates in genernl.who Wouldn't back tho warrant, and tho magistrate in parti cular who would havo said nothing, but rather liked it, if tho ring had been formed in hia park. In fact, such was tho interest with which ''every drop of the immortal man ' wns sucked in, that if tho room whero ho slept had been shown at a shilling a head, it would never havo been empty all tho forenoon. Tho American jour nalists did visit it weeks ago, to make a drawing, am) saw not only old English ivy and primroses and crocuses near-it, hut roses and jessamines, and we knownotwhat, peeping forth, and already 'green with tho eyes of spring 1' Jiecnan, too, was watched about everywhere, and most exciting to many was tho story that 'his face could not. bo reduced sufficiently bolbro , the fight, although Maedonald made him play tho part, day after, day, of ' the Jman with tho (flannel) mask-.' Their horao, Umpire, has been doing long slow work for three weeks, finishing each tjmo up tho Cambridge hill ; but onq of. the lirst things we heard was, that six monkeys to oho had been laid against' him by a 'dangerous' hand oVer night. ' The horsemen were all drawing up towards the Ditch Stables to witness the Two Thousand candidates, as wo reach tho course, Tho greatost,myitl8cation seemed to prevail among tho carriage people, as, to the new rule, and perpetual, turnings back to the result. Some ram pant young Cantab, after their, wonted drive down town, drove madly across the cdu,rso. In vain did Mr. Wea-' thorby hurry towards them on' foot, and Starling, with his coat flaps flying, urge on his wild career after them, to ladmonish and command. '. There seemed no per manent remedy till Admiral Rous bore down with up lifted whin on a couple ; of gig loads, and summarily smashed their hopes of seeing the Djtch Stables that day. There was a great crowd round the latter, waiting for Nicholas, 'who seemed very strongly fancied in, tho course' of tho morning, and. was as much talked of as any homo on tho Heath. IQultc a. mounted guard of honour clustered round him as ho came oat, but wo can not say that ho was worthy of so much attention. He was tho fiCO-guinea premier of Mr. Grevile's 1858 Balo, which caused such sovcro competition between Mr. Crauford and John Day ; but he Is a trifle datsided, and high on the leg, and hardly so lengthy as he then promised to be. Richmond is a low lengthy horse, thick through, and decidedly the best looking, to our minds, of tho Two Thousand candidates; but ho atopped going down Tho Bushes hill, exactly as ho did in' tbo Craven Meeting, over the samo courso. Somehow dietnnco seems to becomo loss and less lho forte of the Orlando stock. Traduccr was light and short, and not a few were found to shako their heads at his chance, although Promised Land is not a trial horso to bo sneezed at, after tho form ho showed In at Epsom. Still, wo hear of such immenso things dono bv overy horse ' at 211b.' with tho crack of his stable, before every great race, that it seems to bo como a more stereotyped expression. Aurora was a little tucked-up creature, which looked as if 'the grass hopper,' much loss Alfred Day's 8st 41b, would have been ' a burden ;' nnd Grenadior wns ns big bb hie name, but stiir fined down into a useful sort of horse. Liko him,1 Vou Stroom was good-looking, but hardly a racer, nnd Merrlmno looks five years old nt least, to judgo from his stallion neck, but ho does not look sot in tho mould for a mover; while Ebony had a queer coat, and wns ' all of a heap.' Lupollus hardly seemed him self. It was said that ho ran untried, nnd certainly his coat gave. us an idoathnt ho can taka somo more lion haui's polish boforo tho Derby. His ends aro big and good, and although many attacked him on that point, wo cannot soo that his middle is too light in proportion. His action from tho post was very nlco, but ho did not seem to bo in a very Drst-rato humour for his work that afternoon. ,' Peart galloping up to tho now stables near tho gap, and a fly with tho voritnblo Wizard In his track, gave noto whero tho Malton trio were preparing ; and ere long thev camis out, Ashmall in tho bonutiful bluo and rod which ' tho ladB of tho coaly Type ' ao lovo, leading tho way on Tho Wizard, and just ono pound over weight. This is the first timo wo remember such a de claration in a Two Thousand; but tho weather was against Tom, nnd tho recusant 8st 01b of Epsom would only split tho diffcrenca with tlia coveted 8st 71b. Ills Bomowhat leggy bay looked well, but thoro was a weakness behind tho saddle, which did not striko us when wo saw him last December, and makes us fancy that ho is hardly a crack Derby horso. Wo thought how, seven years ago, in tho pelting shower, wo watched, from tho top of tho ditch, Frank onnter ' Tho West'1 down from tho Bunbury Milo stables, . for. this vtiryraco, and what ft tremendous contr»Bf there was between siro and son, though for speed Tho Wizard lookos as it h« could run over him: If he had a while reach WO Could, too,, havo almost fancied that tho ghost of Melbourno the grandsira had almost undergone transmigration into a blown horse, whom a baronet bestrode on tho heath that diiy. Tom Bowline is very littlo better, to tho eye, than ho was last year, and seemed to ' feel' with his neai- foro-leg, whLh was bandpged; and ; Tho Rap had nn, especially blood-liko head and ??ok. Shortly beforo thoy drow in lino, tho gallant Benicia Boy. with his American attondant, who drew his mar tial cloak around him, n8 if hu wna preparing to defy /IMus as woll as tho Champion, loomed into sight through tho Gap. Tbo jockeys seemed to look quito as much at him as the starter, and I o seated himself on the while chain standards, directly opposite Mr. Hib burd. and demanded' from Teddy Sharp a candid opin ion ns to Trnduccr's chuhco when ho had camed them all a falso start. B. B seemed a perfect king among men, andifitbe truo that ho fought nt 13st 131b, ho roust bo nenrly 101b heavier now, nnd yet there is no lumber on him nnywhero, except perhaps on hig legs, which looked liko massive pillirs an he sat. A conical hat, a blue great coat, and check trmvaers, completed his attire, and lili fuco is that of a prize fighter's, puro and unadulterated. On tho right corner oi his right oyo, thero wns a deeply congested mass of blood-shot, a slight cut still gaped beneath it, but hi.i faco was very little swelled, although as fur as complexion went, ho might havo been dyed ii n decoction of light green ten, and then sprinkled with gunpowder to heighten -the effect. People gazed at him in muto wondir.nent, but his eyes were on the inagnilic»nt many- coloured lino ol fifteen in front of him, and he miu lit well throw up his groat sinewy right and left ?' dukes' I' nnd invoke a blessing on thoso who hnd brought him from America, ii it wus ' only to see such a eight.' Scarcely a cheer was heard in tho distanco, ai wo viewed them pass the post, and wo noon hcar.l that Tho Wizard 'came tut and won fifteen Ictinthsj' John Scott's lly wis drawn up on the Bushes Hill, and the race »ai over from that point. Peoplo seemed struck dumb, and the first bmafidc ' sensation ' of the season win felt nt last. After tho trial, John Scott hail hardly ventured to hope against hope, but perhaps no result ou tho Whitehall trhl book novor disappointed him more. Cnpe Flyaway will tell them something more about it when tlity get homo, as unfortunately Tho Rap was not in it. Tho solution seems to be tlmt tho horse is, liko his siro, a bad beginner, and got chopped down, and that he had been ' iet into ' protty freely einco then. Tom Bowline with Aldcroft up, won tho trial just as he liked, and a York shireman writes us that ''six rural policemen attended the ceremony.' One of the sclueat owners we know, observed on tho Monday, that he had seldom seen a horse go up tho gallop better, nnd Ashmall was so pleased with him when ho rode him at oxerciso on the Sunday with Tom Bowline, tlmt it is said ho took 3 to 1 twice over from Aldcroft, thnt ho beat him. ' Tho upper ten thousand ' caught it heavily, and so did many other belioven in tho sinble; nnd numerous were tho recitnls that nit-lit of how'men had won money in spite of themselves. In vain did Mr. Nichol telegraph that morning to try and hedge, nnd what with this horse, Nunnykirk, Nuwminstor, nnd Prior of St. Aiargnret'a, no man has Ios3 reason to complain of ill luck. Tho Wizard's grand dam, Mowerinn, wns duo to foal that very day to Kingston, and a groy colt by Chanticleer out ot Tho Flapper, and fillies by Voltigour out of Auld Acquaintance, by West Australian out of Forgct-me.nor, nnd bv Orlando out of Wiasma, complete the Strcathain Castle' foal list of this year. Wo did not obsorvo Nat on tho hoith, and regret to hear that, liko John Holmes, ho is very far from woll. 