CURRENT 'TOPICS. Ttre principal [matter discussed, in the As sembly last night was the motion by Mr .O'Sbanassy for placing y£50,00()'on the esti mates for female immigration. Up to the hour of closing the telegraph last night no division had taken place, but, from the atti tude of antagonism assumed by the govern ment, and the temper of the house, it was apparent that there was not the ghost of a chance of the motion being carried. • The usual weekly meeting of the Bar Com mittee was held yesterday afternoon. Sir W. G. M'Kcllar in the chair. A letter was read from Mr James Harrison, informing the committee that he had duly presented the I petition to the Legislative Assembly, and that with regard to the proposed conference between the members for the district aud a deputation from the Bar Committee, the in terview might be conveniently held ou auy Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, at half-past two in the afternoon, and at some place near the Houses of Parliament. It was agreed that the deputation, consisting of the Chairman aud Captain Smith should meet the representatives to morrow after noon, at the hour mentioned. The following [ letter from Mr Bewell was then read| To tie Secretary of Citizens' Bar Committee. Sir,—in Sept lust I hail occasion to visit Gee- j long, when 1 was informed of the obstructive' character of the Bar, its great injury to the town, 'and the natural anxiety of the citizeus for its re moval. Since that time I have given the subject much consideration, ; which has resulted in my : devising a plan the adoption of which would effect a great saviugof time and expense in cutting the proposed channel. X should therefore feel1 obliged if .the Citizens' Committee would favor me with auy suggestions a3 to the course I had best pursue with a view to getting my plan into effective operation ou the Geelong liar. I am, Ac, T. R. Seivkll. J-Ue foregoing communication, which is not ■ the first of the kind and 011 the same subject was received with expressions of pleasantry, out nothing further came of it. Owing to some oversight or other cause, the usual progress report of dredging operations had not come to hand. The meeting then went into a committee of ways and means. It appeared that some slight debt (less than LdO) had been contracted, and it was held to he right that that the Bar Committee should not be called upon to hear the whole burden, hut merely to make their contributions to lite funds of the com mittee, as ordinary citizens of (Jeelong. A sub-committee was then appointed, con sisting of .Mr Brown, Mr Blair, Mr Hitchcock and Mr Thomas, for the purpose of collecting subscriptions to defray the working expenses at the general committee. It was remarked by one gentleman present that the subject of the removal of the bar was not now so hope less as before, and that although few of the townsmen put in an appearance at the meet ings of tlm committee, there would be 110 disinclination on their parts to assist the movement which was at length in a fair way of bearing itn fruit. It is stated that a new steam boat company, to be called the Portarlington Steam Boat Company, is now in course of formation, and that the prospectus will be issued in a few days, it is also stated that shares to the amount of Flow have been already pro mised. The t own was thrown into a state of great commotion yesterday afternoon by the sound of the fire hell, and by the appearance of a large body .of ihuue and smoke issuing from some premises at the rear of the llev. Andrew Love's residence, near the Free Church of England. It proved that the bunr'ng premi ses were stables and outhouses belonging to Mr Love's house, and it is stated that the origin of the lire is probably attributable to some children playing about there with some lueifcr matches. In any casctha flames gathered and spread with extraordinary ra pidity, scarcelyalloi'ingtimeforMrLove'sciU'. riage to be rescued from the shed and dragged to a place of safety. As 110 other other build ings were near, the tact of the fire making I so much headway was the readiest way of safely burning itself out. The Newtown and Chilwell engine was the first on the sput, and some of the members of the municipal bri gade did prompter service in chopping down I some adjoining fencing, than by tiic applies 1 tiou of water to the nearly consumed ruins. ! Some few minutes afterwards the Geelong Brigade came up with their engines and their apparatus, and notwithstanding the reduced state of the fire, they made large preparations for going to work. Swords were drawn to cut cobwebs. Wc should not be so particular about so trifling a fire, but for what followed. It happened that the Gecloug engine and the Newtown engine were placed opposite each other, with an interval of only 14 or 15 yards between them, and whether by accident or design on the part of one branshraan or the ' pthcr, they respectively drenched each other! iit the first start. Of course each side has its own version of the commencement of what turned out to be a ridiculous and disgrace ful scene. Whoever began it, there could be no doubt that both of the branchmen very soon went into it with a determination worthy of a better cause. A lane was formed aud the crowd jeered and laughed, and the men at the respective pumps worked as if for their lives, and the rival branchmen, stagger ing under the buffets given by capitally aimed streams of water, went- ou drenching themselves until no more water was left to contiuue the battle with. The scene was one of the most absurd we have ever wit nessed. The disgrace of it was almost merged in its absurdity. We also noticed that neither Mr Foreman Watts nor Mr Foreman Buckland took any steps to put a stop to it. Perhaps the esprit de corps was too stroiig for Mr Watts and perhaps Mr Ihickland was "nothing loath" to have the fact practically established that the Newtown-cKw'-Chilwell engine was not exactly the two-penny half penny squirt which certain persons had tried to make it out. Seriously, however, the scene of yesterday afternoon was calculated utterly to shake public confidence in the united usefulness of the rival brigades. The crops in the Bellerinc and Portarling ton district are now. nearly got in, and are abundant considerably beyond the average. Mr Merchant, finding a failure in the supply of labor in the ordinary market, resorted to the novel experiment of hiring a set of Chi nese reapers, and he had no occasion to regret his bargain with them. They engaged to reap at 2is Cd, " finding themselves" in board and lodging, and very clean and very rapidly, and very much to the sa tisfaction of both sides, did they do their reaping on those terms. Fight men reaped 1 six acres a day, which is considerably beyond the European average. So much satisfaction did the celestials give to MrMercbaut, that if the season were to last for some weeks longer, their services would not go a-begging, They are now in the employ of Messrs Parker and Henderson, and are performing their engagement with equal satisfaction. Their reaping implement is almost rude in its sim plicity, aud would he useless to the unprac tised hand of a European. It consists of a curved bit of stick, with something like the middle portion of an ordinary sickle fastened to it. We hear that the sale of Messrs Pelpcrroud and Pettaval's prize essays on the cultivation of the vine, is far brisker, especially oil the Melbourne side, than was anticipated. In Adelaide also they continue in steady de mand. The handsome prizes which our Agricultural and Horticultural Society offered for these and other competitive productions on this important subject, will long remain to the credit of the institution. The "Willow Pattern Plate" was repre sented again last night to a well attended house, and it went the more smoothly for the previous rehearsals. Considering the "unaccepted" state of aflairs, the business at Tattersall's last night was tolerably brisk. The attendance was very full, the Union Subscription Rooms in Melbourne heing not without their repre seutatives. Over and above a few miscella neous transactions, some few bets were made on the Haudicaps. The state of the odds may be put as follows IREE 1IASUICAF. 2 to 1 against Flatcatcher 3 to 1 against Flying Buck It to 1 against Ximbletoe' i! to 1 against Despatch 8 to I against Uaifer Grey 8 to 1 against Barber 8 to 1 against VauTromp S to 1 against Phcebe 8 to 1 against ZiUlah 10 to 1 being offered against Gaylad, Acrobat, Quiz the Wind, Green Linnet, Love Not, Gold finder, Flycatcher, &e.; CHEAT HANDICAP. 2 to 1 against Flatcatcher . 2 to 1 against Flying Buck . : fi to 1 against Camden 5 to 1 against Zillah fi to 1 against Gaffer Grey fi to 1 against Himbletoe C to 1 against Van Tromp 8 to 1 against Barber. 8 to 1 against Moor 10 to 1 against Wildrake 10 to 1 against Coquette 10 to 1 against Maxwell The acceptances wiU be declared at tie British Hotel, on Monday night next. 