MISSIONARY ROMANCE. CFromthe Timm,Decembers.] The Missionary spirit, as we see it, is often strongly associated with the spirit of romance. A distant land on tho other side of the Equator, endowed with the mystery of another hemisphere, unex plored wilds, and savage tribes whose minds are a terra incognita to us, inspire an interest and a curiosity which relieve the insipidity of the every day world around U,s. It is a great loss, indeed, in tliis point of view that so much of the world has been discovered. It is im- possible not to envy those days when adventurers turned their ships' heads to the West, with the general determination to discover new continents and islands, new glories of nature, new metals, new tribes, and whatever liad been kept back from us since the creation^ What a charm must there have been iii the fresh reports from, the New World t Hud mis 1 tipnary societies ex.ia.ted in those days, what ecstasies wouúi hi . it ?? tiled the appearance of Raleigh und Drake on the platform 1 We do not blame this mixture of religion and romance, which is perfectly natural, and without which the cause of conversion would have lost half its stimulus. We aro very poor philosophers if we do not seo that religious objects must be accomplished hy the instrument- ality of natural feelings. But it is obvi- ous that such a spirit of religious adventure is attended by risks, and that it ia apt to overlook the trite maxim of " looking before you leap." It has been the misfortune of the " Patagonian Mis- sionary Society" that it has furnished us with an example to this purpose. Nobody can question the disinterested enthusiasm and zeal of this association, and tho true spirit of generous romance which pointed to the mysterious shores of Terra del Fuego os the field of missionary enterprise. Everything that was wanted for religious adventure was presented there ; aboriginal barbarism sat enthroned amid clouds that no light had ever yet penetrated, and a land of genii or of ghosts, the Herodotcan land of griffins, and the other country where it rained feathers, could hardly surpass it in the charm of the unknown. Terra del Fuego had accordingly a missionary expedition directed against it. Graphic sketches of interviews with savages were to bo sent homo, of their manners, address, figure, and the first startling effects of the breaking in of new light upon them. We must not criticize too harshly, however, tho mixture of a little art with a little simplicity, two tender instincts which have often betrayed a latent mutual affection and sympathy. It is obviously the tendency of romance to give too great a sway to the pictorial side of things, and in the determination to have a picture we find ourselves, because we are aware of it, planning and arranging its composition beforehand. It seems to have boon part of the office of tho Captain of the Missionary yacht to " write letters" home. " Ladies liked letters." A scone with " Troublesome Jemmy or Cassimoora" would he invaluable as an instrument of appeal to the generous sympathies of homo circles. Ho»v far Captain Snow's qualifications as a seaman aud a member of the crew engaged in the Franklin search would aid him in these new tasks we cannot say, as events were against any long trial of his abilities in this direction. This religious expedition, then planned in all the spirit of spiritual romance, was unfortunately destined from its first start to a series of most disastrous shocks and collisions. No sooner had it arrived at one of the Falkland Isles, which had been fixed on us the station and local centre of the enterprise, and as the receptacle of the converts from the opposite coast, than it found itself unluckily in complete collision with a colonial law "against kidnapping." Captains " who brought aliens to the Falkland Isles were subject to a penalty of £20 against every alien so brought." This was a heavy stroke, which most maliciously made victory itself ruinous, for one wholo tribe of Pa'ago nians would have sunk the association in irrecoverable bankruptcy. But this was not all, for Captain Snow was also told that he must prepare for a " charlo of manslaughter," if any of the new con- gregation of converts died after landing. This was serious indeed, and seemed to limit the scope of tho expedition toa very desultory and slight intercourse with the mainland. Captain Snow " did, indeed, set on a cruise, and at great personal risk succeeded in finding Billy Button"-a native whose familiar name seems to point to a former acquaintance, made with him on the occasion of a former missionary attempt, but of those pretensions, temporal or spiritual: we aro not informed. But the enterprise under such an favourable cir- cumstances languished, leisure and per- plexity together begat différences, the Captain anti the missionaries quarrelled!, and a plenipotentiary was despatched from the Board at homo to take charge of the undertaking. The plenipotentiary and his party, added fresh difficulties. The Captain re- presented the ditneusions of the " Allant Gardiner," which was only 03 feet tong,, as unable to accommodate, besides its. old crew and missionary passengers,, a super- numerary weight composed of Mr. Despard and his party, 80 tons of goods, and " 2Û Falkland wild bulls with horns five feet wida," The plenipotentiary ultimately took his voyage from Stanley to Keppel in another ship, leaving Captain Snow to follow in the " Allan Gardiner." But now another difficulty aroso. The time of the crear of the " Allan Gardiner" wasj out, and the Captain could only procure a six months' supply of seamen by the promise of a return to England at the expiration of that time in that ship. The plenipotentiary, Mr. Despard, or* hearing of tho Captain's design to return» sent him an immediate dismissal from his. post only, as the latter pathetically? deolares, allowing him a mattras3 as a parting convenieuce and 14s. worth of pork from the ship, for which he made him pay. Captain Snow could not re- strain his emotions in open court as ha described this sudden dismissal with its. pecuniary consequences-five weeks hit Stanley, which cost him £50, and,;a pas- sage homo, which cost bim another £50, " his and his wife's health- impaired," in the service of an ungrateful Missionary Association. " all his hooks and every- thing sold." One would suppose from the way in which ho calls Heaven te, fitness against them that his employe,« I were Turks and monsters, instead 0f being enthusiastic and devoted missiona- ries burning with tho love of human.souls. So unfortunate an issue of a well -meant, undertaking might have been avoided if these good people had looked beVore they leaped, and had not been carried so com- pletely away by the romance of their religious expedition as to omit making the slightest inquiries beforehand, or preparing in the least for obstacles and difficulties. Everything was intended to go on smoothly, and only interesting pictures of savage lire coming under mis- sionary dominion, of subdued Patagonian Chieftains, and awakened barbarian con- sciences, were to have been the result BETTER THAN- DEBE STALKISO. Some good stories have been produoed" by the " Rifle Movement." Amongst? them is one relating to Lord Elcho, a» old crack deerstalker, who found to his; mortification that, strive as ha would,, ho could not got into the first class at! Hythe. Among his more successful competitors was a by no-means- distin- guished looking Londoner, who gra- dually outstripped all his «eilow-shootersi. and ended by carrying of the ürstr. prize. Lord Elcho, curious to learm how he had gainoj hi? proficiency, a-ked him how ho had acquired it. "Oh," »vas the.unpretending reyjy, «. on, oats, iu.my garden, at ürómptu.,." 