MORUYA. [From our Correspondent.] THE RACES. Those annuaP re-unions commenced according to the advertised programme, on the 2Stli of last month. A succession of several fine days previously to that day warranted our turf votaries in anticipating a splendid gathering an! rare amusomcnti It was, however, written in the fates that it should otherwise. On the morning of the first day a cloud-cast sky eariy iorououuu 11 ciraagu ui. wuaiuui-, mm uuiu tuu realization' of So many hopes was in this instance to, ?be alloyed witlr considerable disappointment. A cold rairi descended boforo the first start was made, which continued with few favourable intervals during the proceedings of the three days. The attendance, therefore, was much thinner than has been the c- so for several years past ; and, though some of the races were well contested, and shewed specimens of the equine race in fine condition and training, thero was a damp and a dullness over whole, which, under tlie circumstances, 110 favourable set off could counter vail. ._ As a full report for the Mercury has been promised from another quarter, it will suffice for the present to j furnish a concise summary of the proceedings. TIav 1\. Maiden. Plate of -25 sovs. Winning horse— Mr. Mellon's Tartar, beating another. 2\. Town Plate of 30 sovs. Winning horse— Mr. P.! T. Flanagan's Callendar, beating two others. 3\. Hurdle Racc for 13 sovs. Winning horse — Mr. P. T. Flanagan's Ben. Bolt. This was the only horso .that started for tlio, race; Ho. did his work in gallant style, but towards the onii, owing to the slippery character of the courso, ho 1 -got a fallrwitliout however any material injury to himself or rider. ' Second Day, 1\. Hack. [Race, for '10 sovs. -Winning -horso — Mr. James Coman's Chance. . 2\. Ladies' Purse of 30 sovs. Winning horse— Sir. P. I T. Flanagan's Counsellor. - ? Third Day. / . Several races, of minor importancc-camo off on this day, and tlio whole proceedings wore to . have lieon wound up with-a baU and suppor at; Mr; Staunton's favourite hostelry, the Gold'- Digger's /Arms; It-is more than probable, however; that the ? unfavourable state of the woather must have put'a-Stop'to tho an ticipated festivities; ' We congratulate Mr. Flonag in on his success at this anniversary of our local Olympics, much of whoso present prestige' is well duo ' to his example and exortions in bohnlf of this truly British sport. It is, moreover, stated by skilled' judges in' horse flesh, that nothing could exeol the prhno condition and training exhibited by his horses on tho raoo courso. ' ,' A Ghost Story. — I use tho word of story in its opon signification, as it is not my provinco either to impugn tho facts or to vouch for their1 authenticity ; but simply to chroniclo the belief of them. Wero un attempt niado to invest the affair with ridicule, I should bo told that these are things ill heavon and earth not dreamt of in tho cold philosophy of the ago,, and liavo bosidos to encounter.' tho ill will of many believers — an alternative I liavo. by 110 means any dosiro to court. I give tho circumstancos as thoy, aro bruited about in tho noighbou'rboml whore tho story lids excited considerable sensation. Tho scene of the apparition was— -tho Dwyer's Crook dig gings, or as tho place was orst grandiloquently formed in tho time of its past greatness, tho Moruya Gold licef, whore a few families are still located earning a precarious subsistence from the hidden troasuro beneath. For some weeks previous to the date of our story rumours of unearthly sights, wit nessed by m-'.niliers of tho small community, had been whisp-ired abroad without causing much excite ment, they, however, served lo prepare the neighbor hood for the comjng denouement, anil to ensure 1 readier credence to its wondrous par lieulnr -s. On th occasion just referred to, 11 servant i.'irl — all, (lies gills! tliey have more or less to do with most i;hosi stories — in one of the cabins oil the ereeU direete her mistress's notice tf- the mysterious maimer ii' which the bark sheets were being lifted oil and 01 the roof; the latter, 011 hurrying out to ascertain tin cause of this strange fact, was met at the door by a figure shrouded iu a wide-spread white sheet, and which with its long and attenuated countenance, grinned horridly in her vi ry I'aee I The poor woman sercamed, and overcome with her terror, swooned away. Two persons in a neighbouring cabin, roused by her cries, hastened to her aid, to them also tlu phantom displayed the same hideous shape — for a moment — ami then vanished from view. September 3. 