THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR BIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, MOS'DA r, JUNE 25; 1800. A PROTECTIONIST'S FALLACIES. We have acknowledged the receipt of a pamphlet entitled, " Protection versus Free Trade," and as no other subject claims our attention for the moment, we take the opportunity of looking into the statements of the pamphleteer. Perhaps the occasion is not inopportune, as the subjebt has at last been forced upon the attention of the Assembly, and a debate has actually takeu place, in which Dr Embliug made a speech in favor of protection, of two hours duration ! For this offence-for it ig a grave offence against common sense-Dr. Embling find) a precedent in the instance of Lord George Bentinck, who spoke i for four hours in the House of Commons on the tamo side of the question. Mr. Michie talks about ghosts, and the incredulity of people in this degenerate age. Will the learned gentle man persist in his statements, after having heard the speech of Dr. Embling? Are there not ghosts still haunting us in the poli I tical world ? What but an incorporeal spiritualism of some kind or another can have reproduced on earth the fallacies of a Bentinck in the person of au Embling ? Are not the disembodied spirits of error as migratory as living human beings ? And finding no resting place in the world in which they lived, cannot Mr. Michie conceive the possibility of a phantom, following the advice Mr. Dickens gives to ghosts in general, by abandoning a confined residence1 in some close piece of furniture, to seek the free and exhila rating atmosphere of a country like this ? Banished from home, or all but proscribed in every enlightened country, where can a ghost of this kind have a chance unless it be in Australia ? But the ghost being here, it must be treated with all the respect due to its antecedents. It will be of no use, hitting it with a poker. Mr. Dickens, in several instances, bears testimony to the indestructible nature of apparitions of this kind. They require advice, not harsh treatment. Leave them' alone and be friendly with them, and they go away without frightening auybody, or doing any injury. . . And so we shall deal tenderly with the pam phlet before us. The writer starts with the idea that it is desirable to inquire into the causes of the present unexampled depression, and to pro vide "immediate measures to foster the indus trial interests of the colony." In support of this he proceeds to review the past history of the colony. To begin with, the writer' asserts that prior to the discovery of the goldfields, the population were " entirely dependent on the progress of the squatting interest. The rates of wages were low in comparison' with the present, but all uecessaries and comforts of life could be procured at a corresponding rate. In fact, the small amount of those days could be turned to much better accouut than the larger amount now a days." Anybody who is really conversant with the various phases of colonial prosperity, will reoognise at once the absurdity of these statements. There was quite as much, and even more, fluctuation in the condition of "the people before the gold discoveries than there has been since. Many amongst us remember when unem ployed workmen organised and walked about Melbourne in procession, demanding " bread or blood " Sheep worth half a crown a head one year were perhaps worth twenty or thirty shil lingi a year afterwards. Wheat and grain of all descriptions ivere equally variable in price. Landed property, even in Melbourne, might be had for less than a year's rental at one time, while a few years aftei wards it increased enor mously in value. The rates of wages varied also. The laws of supply and demand were as applicable then as they are now. Wages fell and rose, and labor, like other commodities, fluc tuated. So that whatever argument is intended to be founded upon the altered condition of things, does not apply to the present period more than to any previous condition through which the colony has passed. The ghost might have come with the same pale faoe and laohryinose espres aion in 1847. There was a great deal more depresiion then ; and, if we mistake not, the system of erf valorem duties was then in full operation, yet people thus "pro tected," weut about tho streets desti tute "The.people then," says the writer, "were contented with the progress they were making, and the yearly profits derived from the squatting interest left largo balances for invest ment in the colony." No assertion cau be more void of truth if applied to a particular period of our his ory. The early squatters, almost to a man, were ruined. For years, as everybody knows, the squatter3 were little better than agents for the merchants who supplied them. " That instability which characterises our pre ientconditiou was thon unknown !" Why, there is no fact more remarkable in colonial history thau the instability of affairs prior to the gold discovery. The prioe of produce and the valuo of property depended upon mere chance. A bad harvest brought starvation. A fall in the price of wool beggared the squatter. It is free trade and free iuteroourse with other parts of the world that have given Btab'.lity. When we lived under j ajsort of lystem of supplying ourselveu, wa wcr« always in want. Now that we have attracted attention, and opened our ports freely to all comers, the commercial world keepn an eye on us, and is only too glad to anticipate our wauts. We owe this to free trade. The only security we have for continued stability in the prices of produce and other necessaries of life, is the facility with which our requirements may ha supplied from abroad. If all that we grow doubled iu price to morrow, what better would the colony be, supposing that we consume it all t What richer should we he, as a nation, if we ate bread of our own making-, at five shillings a loaf, instead of using foreign flour, say at one shilling ? Is there any housekeeper in the country who could not coufuto Dr. Embling on this point ? But it is from such presumptions the author of the pamphlet, and those who think with him, draw their conclusions. If we do a thing our selves it must be done cheaply. That is the grand idea. Let us make our own cloth, our own leather, our own tools, DO matter what they cost -look at the advantage of encouraging colonial industry 1 '1 he consumer has nothing to do with the business His happy lot is to pay. It is of no consequence to this class of political econo mists that what one man gains another loses. It is clear to them that if Jones the bootmaker pays Brown the tailor an extra pound or two for his clothes, the colony is so much the richer, because the money has been transferred from the pocket of Jones to the pocket of Urown. Still clearer is it that if by a counter transaction Brown the tailor also pays Jones the bootmaker an extra price for boots, they make a mutual profit out of the transaction, and both grow richer. This logic is irresistible. It comes upon us with all the force which one may suppose to attach to a resurrection of the dead-a true and inscrutable ghost theory dead and buried long ago, yet still haunting us to puzzle small brains and make a great noise of uothingness. Parliament only laughs at the apparition, but why not eserc'se it ? 