LATER FROM NEW ZEALAND. Bx the steamship. Prince Alfred vre have papers from Auckland to the.^ßth May, Taranaki to the 19tb, Lyttelton 10 the 5th, and Canterbury to the l7th;-of the'sameTnontnr-~~ THE MAORI WAR. We are enabled to find room for copious ex- tracta from the late, papers, shewing the condi- tion of affairs at the date of last advices. It will be remembered that our previous dates from Taranaki were to the 2nd May. The Taranaki Herald, of May 12 tb, was seized and suspended by the military authori- ties,'on the allegation that it contained a para- graph, affording information to . the enemy. Subsequently, on the complaint of the editor, the following letter was received from the officer in command- ' New Plymouth, li! h May, I860. . Sir,-In acknowledging the receipt of your letter of thia date I am directed by the Colonel commanding the Forces to acquaint you that your views of the conse- quences which might follow the publication of the para- graph it waa his wish to atop, are quite erroneous, and that he is surprised that any man of ordinary capacity should not have offered a mora satisfactory explanation. He considers your publication exceedingly objectionable, and calculated to do muob harm to the inhabitants of this towo. You are at liberiy to circulate your paper, provided, the paragraph above alluded to is erased ; and I am desired to request you will not again render it necessary for the Officer aommanding the Forces to take a step so repugnant to his feelings, I have the honour to be. Sir, \- Your most obedient humble servant, XAHES P*.OX, Captain and Acting Major of Brigade. a. W. WOON, Editor Taranaki Herald. The place of the offending paragraph is in- dicated by the various asterisks below. "JOUBHAI. OF EVESTS.-Saturday, May 6. Weather very stormy. " Wind from W. and S. W. Heavy squalls, with thunder and lightning. Several of the tents in the camp blown down. Weather very cold. Volunteers and Militia suffering from colds, upwards of 80 being on . the sick list. The iuneral of Patrick Reid, private, 65th Regiment, took place this day. The deceased died of consumption. " Sunday.-No abatement in the weather, the third day of its continuance. This is the severest weather we have had for several months ; indeed, we have not had the like since the gale which wrecked the Polly, in September, 1857. Towards evening the barometer rose and the wind lulled a little, but increased again after dark. This morning the detachment of tho 40th at Bell Block marched to Waitara. There are now 300 men at Waitara. Another soldier's funeral ! John Trump, private, 40th Regiment, having died from severe cold after a short illness. " Monday.-The weather again stormy, and rain continuous ; thunder and lightning at in- tervals. Bullocks and carts proceeded to Tata- ra! m aka to be in readiness to bring in the de- tachment stationed there. Some excitement has prevailed in town since the arrival of the intelligence that the Waikatos areon'their way to join Wi Kingi, it being their avowed inten- tion to attack the town. Whether they will do so or not remains to be proved. They will meet with a reception that will last them for some time should they attempt it. # * » « o * * * * *? * * * * When we are menaced in the North by a law- less band of Waikatos, threatened in the South Ly a pack of murder« rs and¡ass;s ins, and our rear forest and' bush, we cannot use too great precaution ; and, for the time being, should think no duty too irksome to guard our town from pillage and murder. The great point to be achieved is to keep the natives out of town. JiVe think that several of the houses should be fortified and rendered ball-proof, particularly those in the immediate suburbs, where a fow men in each could repel the attack of any natives, and give timely warn- ing to those in town. We remember in Auckland, when the natives were in rebellion so far away as the Bay of Islands, the Church was fortified, the windows barricaded and loopholed, in anticipation of the possibility of an attack from other tribes ; while here, where we hâve war in our midst, no such pre- cautions are adopted. As we are at present, the natives might derive an advantage from a night attack. We are of opinion, however, that ; they will think twice before they attempt the town; they know we have a strong garrison, and that every settler is armed and would be ' forthcoming in a few minutes; that we are constantly on the watch with outlying, pickets i and sentinels ; and, unless the Waikatos are guided by some of the " friendly" natives, or i by some of W. Kingi's, who know the locality, i they would have some difficulty in getting into : town. We must, on the other hand, remember ; the Waikatos are a daring lot, and may have » great; confidence in their numbers. ..Towards evening the weather broke, and we had a sight of the blue sky so long hidden from U3. The gale has abated considerably: ; " Tuesday.-Showery, and occasional squalls , of wind. -The wind well round to the S.W. " Wednesday.-This morning, between three and four,' there waa a terrific thunder-storm, accompanied by hail and. wind. The lightning was forked-a very unusual circumstance in New Zealand.' -The wind has since abated,and we have bad a little sunshine. This unusually severe weather must ' be very trying to the troops under canvas, and we regret to hear that many are Buffering severely from' cold and ' ex- posure.. We would suggest that the troops from Australia during this severe weather should be housed in the suburbs, or, if need be,~in the_ places of public worship in the town, which would 'simply involve open air " service for a time, to which' rio reasonable objection could be urged. ' There is nothing of importance to report , . from North .or South. We hear that the advance-guard of the Waikatos are still at Mokau, waiting for the main body to come up, when they will, come to Waitara in strong force. They will be pre- ceded by King Potatau's flag, which . they in- tend to substitute for the British flag flying at the camp !, Their first. movement will be at Waitara, to drive off; the soldiers and take possession of the land in the King's' name. This done, they will march on the town, aided by the Ngatiruanui and Taranaki tribes. " Thursday.-Weather fine and clear. ' The Northern mailman came in to-day, reports that he left Waikato and Ngatiruanui at Mokau yesterday, detained by the weather. They only numbered 100 altogether, and are' escorting the Ngatiruanui deputation, and would only ' koren)* with W. King. As - far as he (the - mailman) knew, there was no present intention of joining W. King ~ and ' attacking us. The Nga- tiruanui and Taranaki deputation were intend- ing to.return¿hóme through, the town, throw ing'themselves on bur protection, as they say they-bad no part in the crimes committed by their tribes.^ The rNgatihikairq, a*¿ Kawhia tribe, form the principal portia^ oÇ the Waikato party. The mailman j who ia a^Môkau native, knows nothing of.'anjr intention ¿of his tribe (NgatimaniapotoNJ to join WrTCing. We are _told_that_seyeral letters have -been -received- by the authorities from the Waikato. Tatnati Hone, Chief of Ngatiruanui, has sent letters to Poharama,-at Moturoa.-Whatever may result from the visit of the - Kawhia natives, olur readers may take it for a fact that they started from Kawhia with the expressed determination to attack our town. "Various circumstances may have combined on the road to alter ¡or postpone the plans of the natives." j The journal of events is not continued in the Taranaki Herald of the 19 th, owing to the '* pre- vailing epidemic," which, it seems, had reached Taranaki. The following, - however, appears in the Taranaki Herald of that date : CONSPIRACY TO MUHDER MR. FARRIS. 1 We publish the following interesting par- ticulars of . Mr. Farris's deliverance from 1 a determined plot to take his life by the Taranaki and Ngatiruanui deputation, on their return from the Maori King Potatau. Reports having reached Waikato that Ihaia was posted between Waitara and the Whitecliffs (Paranihinihi) with a view to intercept the deputation, Mr. Panis was solicited to procure for them a safe escort to their homes, as they were in no way con- cerned in the murders and other' crimes com- mitted by their tribes at Omata ; and further, if possible, to induce the Waikato escort to re- turn home without coming on to Waitara. Our readers will, we feel assured, unite with us in offering our congratulations to Mr. Parrie for his marvellous escape from this most treacherous and dastardly conspiracy against his life, by the very ruffians he was engaged in doing his utmost to aid. Before the Waikatos left for Taranaki, (heir head chief (Rewi) went to tho Rev. Mr. Morgan, at Otawliao, and expressed a desire to see Mr. Parris on the road, as they were escort- ing the deputation from Taranaki and Ngati- ruanui on their return. Mr. Parris accordingly started for the coast on Friday, 11th May. On reaching Urenui, Mr. Parris was informed that the Natives were then expected to be between Tongapurutu and Mimi, but, on arriving at Pukekohe, Mr. Parris unexpectedly came upon the whole party seated behind the break wind way from the pa. A Ngatiruanui chief having been the first to observe Mr. Parris, rose and shook hands with him, for which he afterwards re- ceived the censure of the whole of his tribe. The natives of Pukekohe (Nikorima's people), seeing Mr. Parris approach, waved to him with their blankets to keep off from the war party. Mr. Parris at once rode to the pa, when he dis- covered - there had been no communication between the two parties. Here Mr. Parris remained some little time. Tho pa natives, ac- cording to custom, put out some potatoes and other food for the war party, after which somo of the latter rose and said, " This white man Parris has arrived and entered this pa, and, therefore, we suppose the pa belongs to him; in consequence thereof, the food is tapu" (not to be eaten of or accepted by them.) This pro- duced a discussion, which ended in the Waikatos declining to agree to it. The Nga< tiruanui and Taranaki ate nothing but dry karaka berries, brought by them from Waikato, but the Waikatos partook of some of the food from the pa. Wetini, a Mokau chief, ontered the pa, and told Mr. Parris the state of feeling against him, advised him. to be cautious, and added that the Mokaus had endeavoured to keep the party back. Mr. Parri3 asked Wetini if he had any objection to return and invite the heads of the Waikato party to come and speak with him. He consented, but said it would load to nothing. He'went, and remained away full an hour, during which time Mr. Parris recognised Hone Pumipi, a Kawhia chief, amongst the party. Mr. Parris asked a Native of the pa to go and see if Hone would come and see him. Mr. Parris saw Hone sub- mit the proposal to the Natives, after which he came towards the pa accompanied by a body guard of four armed men with guns.. Hone approached the side of the pa, and, addressing Mr. Parris, said, " I have come because you ? sent for me, but the people are pouri (evil dis- posed)." Mr. Parris, observing an indisposi- tion on Hone's part to converse (probably owing to the presence of the armed Natives), said, "I merely sent to see you and ask you how you are," upon which one of the guard rose and.said, "Enough, let us return,'' and they re- turned. As soon as'--- they- rejoined the party, the Ngatiruanui and Taranakis rose and fired off their guns, and started for Urenui, two or three miles nearer town. The Waika'o3 re- mained. Shortly afterwards the head of the Waikato party (Epiha) came to the pa to see Mr. Parris, and made the following disclosure. He commenced with a regular scolding :-"You are foolish; you have brought your body upon us without sending a messenger or a letter, to let ns know you were coming ; if we had met you on the march, you would have been shot dead without our being able to save you. As it is, you are dead." Mr. Parris interrupted him to explain . that it was in conse- quence of being requested < by Mr. Mor- gan and Rewi to meet the party, that he had come, and asked Epiha to explain what he meant,by saying he was dead. Epiha replied, " It has been proposed to murder you. Shortly after you arrived this morning, Ertieti (one of W. Kingi's natives) came to us (Waikato) and said when be saw you his flesh shook, and that he was going on to Urenui. Epiha asked, " What for?" Eruetî answered,to wait for Parris 's return. Epiha said, "What to do?" Erueti replied, "To finish him." Epiha observed, " We have not come from Waikato for any such thing os murder, and if you de- termine to do it, we shall leave at once, and return to Waikato." The proposal having been disapproved of by Waikato,: Erueti was dis-, pleased, and left for Urenui with three others (Hori, Paora, andTaimona, nllof Kaipakopako). This occurred before the Taranakis and Ngatiruanui started for Urenui. A long and anxious conversation ensued as to the course to be taken, which ended in Epiha stating that he would wait for Mr. Parris at Urenui, and see him safely across. After Epiha left, it was arranged with Nikorhna that a party of ten of his Natives should accompany Mr.'Parris os far os Waitara. Night was now setting in, and, as the party approached Ure nui, they sang ont to warn Epiha, who was across the ' river. In ascending the cliff the Natives were found assembled near- the top; the porty halted, and Mr. Parris was asked to come in front. A row of armed Natives was onj each side of the path. As soon as Mr. Parris had "got-clear.of ' the tarmed' men, - Epiha ordered a halt,-and requested Tthe ten. .Natives' who had accompanied Mr. Parris .from Puke-! kohe to return to their pa. This they declined, and as it threatened an unpleasant discussion. Mr. Parris entreated them to return, as he threw himself entirely upon the Waikatos. Hono Pumipi thereupon stepped forth from the crowd and said " Parris I'll take charge of yon.'* As Honi said this, a man in a flax mat forced his way forward and rubbed .noses .with Mr. Parris. Hone observing this seized the stranger "by the cEëst'ânï "forced "him back, when he ex- plained, ."This is my white man," and he proved to be a brother-in-law to Teira of the Waitara. The situation was one of extreme peril. A large body of natives hustled. Mr. Parris, and amongst the crowd, though they could , not be distinguished by the starlight, were many of the conspirators. The chiefs Epiha and, Hone now called out to the natives to stand clear of the Pakeha, and the dark mass of human beings fell back. It was communicated to Mr. Parris that the ambush party had gone ^ on to Onairo. An armed party, of; Wai- katos then fell in, a native ,on each side of Mr. Parris grasping him .by the band, besides an advance and rear guard ; -and .in this way Mr;. Parris was conducted to Waiau (about five miles) in the darkness of the night. On arriving at Onairo, where there : is a spot of bush through which the road passes, the party was halted; one native remarking- " This is the place they said they would kill him." ! p juble files were here placed around Mr. Parris, and the whole directed to keep close together. From Waiau to Waitara the road is on the beach ; at the former place Mr. Parris was'" re- quired to join a clever extempore prayer for the King, the Queen's, and his own safety,' after which Mr. Parris separated from his preservers. Ephai in reply to the acknowlegments made to bim, told Mr. Parris not to attribute his deli- verance to him but to God, that he would yet meet him as an enemy by daylight, but that he (Mr. Parris) had seen he would not consent to his being murdered. The Watkaito escort was estimated at 150 natives ; the Taranaki and Ngatiruanui depu- tation at fifty. . The following is from the same paper :-The Waikato escort and the Taranaki and Nga- tiruanui deputation some days since arrived at W. Kingi's pa, where they remain. Nothing authentic or reliable has transpired of their in- tentions ' beyond what we published when the expedition started from Kawhia. The Bell Block house has been strengthened by a rein- forcement ofOO soldiers, and there is a report (which cannot be too" strictly investigated) that two whites detected in pig killing have fired upon natives. In aggravation of the rumour it is added that they fired after owing their own lives to tho clemency of the same natives! (From our Correspondent at Waitara.) "Camp, Waitara, 17th May,' I860. "The Tana crossed at the Korihiford early on Monday morning, and on their arrival at Huirangi were received hy numerous sa- lutes in the usual Native style ; since which numerous parties of Wiremu Kingi's lads have paraded about in 'parties of twenty or thirty on foot, and somo dozen on horseback, collecting their pigs, cattle, and horses. Huts for the winter quarters of the men are being erected at Pukekohe, and every precaution is being taken to preserve the health of the troops. " Wiremu Kingi has all the timber prepared for erecting another paon Tetra's land ; and, so soon as his allies have been sufficiently feasted, it is supposed it will be erected during 'the night. The enemy's spies daily reconnoitre'the camp from the top of an old pa almost within gunshot, from which they can distinctly:watch every movement of the troops without risk to themselves. This day firing has been heard in the neighbourhood of Huirangi, and for-two days past a red and white flag has been hoisted above the usual white one. This is supposed to denote that Wiremu Kingi, though not de- sirous of acting on the aggressive, is prepared to repel an attack." (From the New Zealandtr's Correspondent at Ornala.) " My object in this communication is to im- press the necessity of means being used. to husband winter and spring food for our cattle and sheep. We shall more particularly suffer this winter, not alono from the failure of tur- nips caused by drought, but also from those which have prematurely been destroyed by the cattle, through the breaking down of the fences prior to the last conflict with the savages. .With all humility I would recommend that steps in various parts of the settlement be taken to save grass feed for the season of want, and, at the same time, further arrangements be made for sowing a considerable quantity of land with grass seed, so that spring feed may be in readi- ness to restore the condition of the stock after the winter. '.' ; "To effectuallyjcarry this object out, the fenc- ing that has_ been . destroyed:_by_:the. ruthless savages will require replacing, with addition, may be, of some few extra cross-fences for the protection of the wheat lands: .Some law should also be enacted against the pigs, which at pre- sent, from the unavoidable : absence of ' the owners, are wandering at large through the ad- jacent farms, doing a great - deal af mischief. Without steps of this kind are immediately, taken, the military authorities .vvill find ' them-. selves much hampered from the want, cf ¡ work- ing bullocks, which, from the deficiency of food during the winter months, will be incapable of fulfilling their allotted duties as heretofore. Practice has shewn that grass seed-to succeed must be sown either early or late in thë.sèason. * ," In carrying, into effect all. this,-practical men who thoroughly understand not'ordy the theory of the earth's productions, but. who ,are, at the samo., time, versed in the¡.' prac- tical . use ,, of agricultural, implements, should be employed. The consumption of meat^ at present may be calculated at about 2500 lbs. a day ; this will,-averaging the cattle at 600 lbs. each,, cause a consumption of, say, allowing for contingencies, such as the arrival of a man-of-war,- &c.;, &c;, of 1Ö00 head a year. Allowing the present stock of cattle to equal 6000, one-third of which are fitted for the shambles, we shall haye sufficient to last us barely 18 months. In addition to this our sheep may be calculated at about 14,000, one third of which may be ' considered marketable ? by the butcher. If care at/the present period is taken, we shall not suffer from the heavy loss that must accrue to us immediately the im- portation of food for daily consumption com- mences! ''From our stockade I have but little news to impart. AU is quiet' "around, notwithstanding Maories are .reported as,again moving, to wards us, the particulars of which have not yet tran- spired. You may depend upon it that if they again pay ÜB.,» visit they will .find os both ready apd'.wWu&,tbr^ "Omata Stockade, May 2nd, 1860. "Vs tar as oar marauding and treacherous enemas are concerned, all is quiet within the immediate neighbourhood. " Conierning the movements of the Southern army, youi own correspondent will be enabled to giro fuller particulars than any one from the stockade, who without entering into its actions and fulfilments, only saw it pass and repass. "This morning H pamphlet was shewn to the stockade, written Vy a person who has at- tempted a description of the deportment of the military and civilians from the commencement of the war. All controversy on the subject had better be left alone." The Neto Zealan&er; ot "May 26tb, contains the following ; "It seems tolerably certain thxt the majority of the Waikato people are on the sf.de of peace, and that, except such recruits as r*ay be col- lected amongst the ill-disposed and Urbulent individuals of the tribes. King will beieftto his own resources. "The long-talked-of meeting of the tribes«»t Waikato had not taken placo at the date of oui last advices, the men of "Lower Waikato and others not having as yet succeeded in eating their way to Ngaruawahia, although they had already been nine days on the journey,-days which were spent, principally in feasting and talking, at the various settlements on the river. " À preliminary meeting composed of Nga tihinatu, Ngatimaniapoto, and Ngatihana men was held on Monday last, the two former under the leadership of Tomo Whahapo, the latter headed by William Thompson-the Maori " Warwick," the Native King-maker. In the early morning, immediately after the conclusion of prayers, business commenced with a dis- cbarge of musketry, after which about 150 men of tho Ngatihaua, armed in a military order, marched up, saluted Potitau's flag, uncovered, made him an address, and then retired back- wards from the presence. Then followed Ngatimaniapoto, in number, 170, (of whom 50 were armed), and after going through a similar process, retired with their faces still towards Fotatau, who, poor old man, sat at the door of his house wrapped up in his blanket, his chin resting OB his knees, his eyes closed, and to all appearance wholly indifferent to the proceeding before him "When it was ended he retired into bis house, threw himself upon his mat, and there remained during the day. Not so his liege-men. To the place appointed for the meeting they were fol- lowed by 150 women bearing baskets of pota- toes and eels, and by men carrying piss cooked whole. The food having been distributed under the direction of the master of the ceremonies a very liberal portion being laid before the European visitors-was disposed of with great rapidity. Then began the oratory ; there were about thirty speakers, and the proceedings did not terminate till sunset. As this party represented only the extreme opinions of the Maori-King faction, it may be supposed that the views expressed were not moderate. The proceedings were, however, very orderly, and although there was, upon some points, much difference of opinion, it would appear that upon two points they were agreed :-First, that Waitara (the land in dis- pute at Taranaki) ought not to be given up to ¿ie Queen. Secondly, that the men who com- mitted the murders at Waireka shonld not be surrendered. " These aro vital propositions. They are sustained at present, not, as it appears, by Potatau himself and his advisers, but by the extreme Kingites. We shall await with anxiety the result of their discussion ; when Wm. Nay lor;with his following, and the loyal Natives of the Lower Waikato, shall have the opportunity of being heard and of making their influence felt." » The N~ew Zealanders Special Correspondent at the Waikato furnishes the following : " Ngaruawhia, May 14,1863. " On my way hither, I was not at all sur- prised to find that there woro BS many and as contradictory rumours passing current among the Native population, from Mangatawhiri right np to here-with regard to tho intentions of the Governor and the European settlers towards the Maories,-as there have been current among our town and country settlers as to the probable movements of the Natives against us. In almost every case, upon inquiry, these rumours of our hostile intentions were clearly traceable to tho mis- chievous if not wicked boastings of a few loaf- ing . 'pakeha-maories,' apparently resorted to from a desire of adding fuel to the excitement already existing among the native population or else toa species of vaunting in which some out-settlers may have indulged, in order to hide "their own fears, after the fashion of the school-boy whistling through the ghost-haunted church-yard. "I may safely say that at each settlement at which we baited on our hard tug up the Waikato, the natives appeared much re-assured on being told, there was no truth in the stories ' they. had heard ; and throughout the: Lower . Waikato, at present, there does not seem to be any sympathy with the 'Young Maori' or .Native King ' party. At Mangatawhiri, by the way, I heard of a large drove of cattle, 54 in number, belonging to two white squatters on the Waikato who have been warned off their runs by their late allies, having been driven on to one of the paddocks of a Crown-grant settler in spite of bis remonstrances and to the dispossession of his. sheep, which were feeding there at the time. Having so long lived without the pale of British law, I presume these men thought they had thereby ? acquired a license to do as they pleased with other people's property. Next ; time they try the experiment, they will find out their mistake, or I much ? mistake the -temper of the settler in question, who was at the time under the impression that the Impounding Ordinance had been repealed. " Several times, in our passage up river, we were hailed by heavily-laden '? canoes, bringing down wheat from, various districts for the Auck : land market, and the eagerness with which they opened a horero and asked for news, shewed that they were anxious to realise before the clouds, which seemed to them so ominous, should have thickened still more or burst into actual storm. Some of these canoes were of very large size-(at one settlement there was one, recently built, which will carry four tons) - and it' was 'saddening . to reflect upon tho misery that our industriously and peaceably disposod Southern natives ore ? likely to suffer from the interruption to their agricultural pursuits caused by all these runangas and feastings. -Almost all the potato j pits and wheat and maize putahas along a great portion of the Waikato, are already more than half-emptied of their stores-and there seems to be little or no preparation making on a large quantity of the land for the planting of next season's crops. <* The great »Vaikato meeting has been sum- moned, and Maori custom from time immé- morial forbids the native cultivator of the soil to refrain from sending his contribution to the feast, although he knows that the greater por- tion of the provisions will be wasted rather than consumed, and though he and his family are sadly in want of better and warmer clothing. '* Throughout a great portion of the Waikato district, there will be much destitution and sickness this winter, owing to the want of the more wholesome food to which the popu- lation of that wide-spread district have of late been getting more accustomed. They them- selves are partly conscious of the fate in store for them-but they flatter themselves they can easily live for a while on what served their fore- fathers-and so their contributions go to the feast. From Rangiawhia alone, the King party natives will have sent 10 tons of flour, with I know not how many thousand dried eels, kits of potatoes, kumeras, bundles of firewood, kc, Seo. Other districts are furnishing in like rroportion; and canoes are now rapidly ar- ri* rj g with detachments of delegates from dif- ferer*, parts. " Te Whero Whero, or Potatau, is in better health thin he had been for some time past. He is, 1 bdieve, thoroughly well-disposed to- wards the Birrah Government and European settlers ; and it H known he is far from pleased -in fact, greatly alfred, at the conduct of the unruly chiefs and th«r people who have gone to Taranaki. But as all t'tig and much more will probably come out and b» fully discussed at the approaching Conference, it is needless here to speculate on this point. " In contrast to the unmanly fear which has been exhibited in one or two quat*era by whito men, I have to mention the conduct <>f a young Englishwoman, tile wife of an out-seuler not far from here. Hearing that her father vtas ill, she started off the other day ina small and trail canoe, accompanied only by a Maori man and girl, for a voyage of a hundred miles down the Waikato, all swollen and perturbed as it was by the late heavy rains, to inquire for herself after the health of her parent. The children of such a woman ought to have something like the courage as well as the frame of Englishmen. " There have been very many land-slips along the banks of the Waikato the last week or two -in many cases causing an addition to the width of the river of from 10 to lo feet at a time ; in some cases, as great a width on each side. " I have to close in haste to save the post." The Superintendent and Provincial Council of Now Plymouth having memorialised the Go- vernor not to conclude peace, as thoy had heard that he was about to do so, received the follow- ing snubbing reply : Colonial Secretary's Office, Auokland, 28th April, I860. Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the re- ceipt of your Honor's letter of the 26th instant, trans- mitting a memorial to the Governor from the Members of the Provincial Government and other Inhabitants ol the Province, praying tbat His Excellency will not make peaoe with "Wiremu Kingi" upon any terms in the least compromising the Queen's suprsmaoy; and with the Taranaki and Ngatiruanui Natives, until they have been severely punished for the barbarous murders oom. milted by them, and compensation oxaoted from them for the ruinous losses sustained by the settlers. I have laid this memorial before Hla Excellency, whc has dircoted me to at ste that, before assuming it to bf at all probable that the Governor would compromise tbc Q jeen'a supremaoy, it would have been desirable thal the members! of tho Provincial Government and tht other memorialists should have investigated the truth o the rumours upon which alone they acknowledge to have based their memorial. HENRY JOHN TANCBED, (For the Colonial Secretary). His Honor the Superintendent of Taranaki, New Plymouth. The following appears in the flew Zealande) of May 26'h. " It is becoming manifest that the coriducl of tho Responsible Government, in relation to the existing Maori rebellion at Taranaki, will be made a party question at the approaching meeting of the General Assembly. We musl therefore be prepared to hear much rockies: assertion, to meet some disregard for voracity, and to havo the assertion of great principles; and even tho immediate care for the public safety, postponed for a time, to the interest o: party and the struggle for place and power. In another place in our columns will bi found a letter from Mr. WtlliamFox, addressee to tho editor of the Wanganui Chronicle, and i pungent commentary thereupon, extracted fron that journal. Mr. Fox has conceived,- as t< Te Teira'a title to Waitara,- doubts, begot upoi him, it would appear, by ' three missionaries each of twenty years experience among th natives,* a vory respectable paternity un quos tionably. " An opinion is, however, rapidly gainini ground that, as a general rule, in matter purely socular, the opinions of missionarie even of twenty years standing cannot be reliei upon as oracular ; if, on the present occasioi Mr. Fox has really derived his 'notions'on th subject of his letter, from missionaries, that fae would only prove the applicability of the gen« ral rule to the particular instance. " Mr. Fox says that it is asserted on behalf c William King, that Te Teira's title to the dis puted land at Waitara was derived through hi (Teira's) father, that the father, who is still aliv protested against ' the ' sale, and that h is now fighting in Kingi's rank: If this wore true it would b a fatal blot of course,' but it is not true-Teira father, so-far from protesting against the salee Waitara, actually assisted; the other day, in pr< genoe of the military, in cutting the lines whic define the boundaries of that block. That, ha' ing done so, he is now fighting against his ow son, is a tale so wild that, except for politic; purposes, no one would think of repeating it; " Mr. Fox was formerly Principal Agent ."< the New Zealand Company. ' We know wit what caro the native land' purchases, mada I that body, were conducted ; we knowhow sen i pulously the rights of the Maories were respe ted, and how temperately the claims of tb Company were enforced against them, in cas< where it might be safely said a doubt existe We shall wait, not without curiosity, to hear M Fox bestow upon Ministers the treasured reso of former experience-whilst he unfolds son patent scheme for effectively extinguishing n live titles and political opponents. The Auckland Southern Cross, of May 18t has the following . " We are not likely to commit the folly pretending to criticise military operations at distant scene of action.- Wo confine ourselv to what we understand-to subjects over whi we have obtained the .mastery ; and . cons quently are listened) to with attention even 1 those who differ -most1 -strongly; from us' opinion. Wo hare even refrained from pub cation of certain comments, of great severity, which have appeared in Southern journals, be- cause unwilling to give further currency to statements which could not but have given mach pain, yet which we could not vouch for from personal'knowledge. But one fact forces itself upon attention, that our land forces are far superior to the enemy in numbers, in all means and appliances, and that only a series of failures has yet to be re- corded. The Commander of the Forces can never be better off than he is now. The cry is, for more reinforcements ; but, if two to one, with all his superiority of arms and implements-his artillery and rifles against shot guns, be not enough, then, we say unhesitatingly, three to one-five to one is not enough. That there is error or incapacity somewhere, no man in his senses can any longer doubt. We do not attempt to say where : possibly there may be a jealousy of civilian " irregulars " ; possibly there may be too rigid an adherence to routine military practice, framed under conditions which do not apply in the present instance-under the assumption that artillery is brought into play on the enemy's side ; possibly there may be a want of that ingenuity or constructiveness which adapts itself to novel circumstances ; but in one thing -in want of pluck, we do not believe. Mean- while, however, the colony is retrograding by great strides. " Where is all this to end ? The war fever, in Auckland, notwithstanding the efforts.made to keep it up, is subsiding. Disappointment of success, excepting in one dashing exploit of the Nigers, is doing its certain work ; so is the continued depression of trade, and the unwil- lingness to invest. Even the military service, cheerfully and even ardently aa it was entered into at first, and is still persevered in, must end by becoming irksome to civilians, especially to those whose time bears a money value. And lastly, comes the most important consideration of all-who is to pay the bill? The Commis- sariat chest will have to answer for much, but let us not delude ourselves into the idea that the colony is going to escape scot free. We can clearly foresee a reaotion ; still, it is now too late to dream of going back. At whatever' cost, tho war must bo brought to on honourable conclusion. "The truth is, that at first it'was supposed that there would be no fighting at all-that the natives would be over-awed by our supe- riority of force ; then, that the war would be over in a month ; and now, it looks very like winter quarters. "AU this we attribute to the neglect to take early advantige of opportunity. We lost our chanco ofending the war ata blow, and cannot now recover it. The following, with reference to Wiremu Kingi, is from the same paper : " William King is certainly a clever fellow. He is laying himself out for earning ' golden opinions from all sorts of people,1 and achieves success. He has naturally a spice of chivalry in his disposition, and takes pains to shew it. We are told (answering for nothing that does not come directly from our own correspondent) that he has given orders that no unfair advan- tages shall bo taken-that if the troops choose to attack him he is ready to meet them, but that the officers may ride about without fear of mo- J lestation, provided always that they do not come within a certain distance of his pa. " In reference to our statement, that he was a staunch ally of our own in former times, the following has been banded to us for insertion : EXTRACT FROM MC KILLOP'S " NEW ZEALAND." Page 911. In this work, mach is said of William King, and his loyal proceedings, in the assistance rendered by him and his people aotiog with ELM. troops. " Letter from the Chief William King. " Waikanae, August 33, 1810. " Friend the Governor, salutations to you I Hear you : we have arrested three women and a ohild, making four persons, of Rangahea'a'a tribe, who are retreating over th« mountain. The white people said, * Put them on board the ship': but I replied to the Captain of the ship of war, . No : leave them in our oare ; we will wait for tho Gorernor's return,' Then they said, ' They will return to Rangjheata.' But hear you : we shall retain them until your arrival, or wo reoeivo your commands (in reference to this subject.) We shall not pormit these persons to join their tribes ; the deoision rosta with yon. Hear you this I At a skiimisb which took place between tho Ngatitoa and Ngateawa against Rangaheata, at Porirua, when they were beaten they retreated and are lost in tbe woods or mountains; the smoke of their fires not being seen, wo do not intend to follow them any farther. The whole people are ut Waikanae, but they are returning. "WIBEMU KINGI WITI. '* To the Governor." 