MODERN MUSIC. BY MOZART'S GHOST. Sir—I feel no hesitation in adressing the South Australian public through the Register, because I know that some time ago its columns were opened to a fellow spirit. Something very peculiar was about to be done in the way of colonial engineering, and a letter from "Smeaton's Ghost" was the consequence. (I mentioned it to him at the time, but he only said 'Ah !' so I do not know whether he wrote it or not. My impression is he did not hear what I said, but was occupied with some stupid mathematical problem). I am not going to explain how I knew (for I do not think it necessary that even news- paper Editors should know everything), but I ascertained that a concert was to take place in the city of Adelaide, on Tuesday last ; so, wasting a change, I proposed to Handel that we should attend and see the progress that doubtless had been made in music since our times. Agreed. We were in our places at 7.31. I sat next the wall, Handel to my right, and next him presently seated himself a young man whom we will refer to under the generic title of "Homo." Friend Handel, piquing himself upon his knowledge of English, soon commenced a conversation with Homo, and learnt from him that he was taking his turn for the first time as musical critic for a periodical, to which I shall not more particularly advert. Handel—May I ask why this Concert was advertised as â la Jullien ? and who this gen- tleman might be after whom it is named ? Homo—Oh ! Jullien had promenade con- certs, where people walk about, you know ; and that's why. Handel—I beg pardon ! Ah ! excuse me! I see. We are at the antipodes, and all things go by contraries ; that is good. You all sit down, so you call it â la Jullien—â la Pro- menade. That is droll. There came a pause in the conversation to admit of the commencement of the concert, which I am sorry to say was soon interrupted by Handel giving vent to a powerfully guttural "Ugh," enough to have attracted all eyes upon him, had it not been that everyone else was similarly affected. As for Mr. Homo, that hideous clang of the cymbals, accom- panied by the terrific booming of that Punch and Judy drum, so startled him that his pencil started savagely out of his note-book and cancelled all his preliminary observations. The termination of the piece was highly applauded, and justified the critique, so far, of my neighbour. Homo—Did you ever hear Coaler before, Sir ? Handel—Not that I am aware of ; was that it that played the—ugh—cymbals ? Homo—Oh! dear, no! Coaler is the con- ductor ; he beats time with his stick when he's not playing himself, and with his head when he is. Presently Mr. Coaler, as our neighbour called him, sat down with a something like a draw-bellows in his lap. Handel shook his head. I asked him what the instrument was, as I never remembered to have seen anything like it. "You can see as well as I can," was the only reply vouchsafed, which proved, of course, that he himself was equally ignorant. We listened as musicians only listen ; we drank in the delicate sounds, we luxuriated in the round fulness of the occasional chords, we felt that it was scarcely an absence from our home to be sitting there—bah ! the next instant we were in Tartarus ! I cannot recall the agonies of those bagpipes without a shudder—the any- thing but "linked sweetness long drawn out" of that execrable drone-note ! Enough. Homo (after applauding loudly)—Was not that splendidly done, Sir ? Handel—Might have been well enough done, Sir ; but (emphatically) what was it, Sir, when it was done, Sir ? a return to the barbarous ages, a degrading of the capabilities of a beauti- ful instrument (though it is new) to— to —— but I am getting excited. Beg your pardon, Sir, but I see that you are writing favourably of this last piece. May I ask your principles of musical criticism. Homo—Well, Sir, it is very simple Sir ; we always criticise favourably, and I take care to watch the face of the performer, and if I find that his forehead gets very red with his exer- tions, I put it down "very good ; and if I find he has to wipe his face after finishing I speak stronger still. You see, Sir, I reason thus ; if he, who is well up to his work finds it hard and perspires over it, why it must be difficult, and therefore he deserves praise. Handel—Then you look to the difficulties of the instrumentation, not to the beauty of the music. Homo—Quite so. Handel—But should not the leaders of public opinion strive to foster a true taste in music as well as in all other things ? Why, if it is mere difficulty of instrumentation, why, I ask, does not he play on a tin whistle or a copper stewpan. Here the conversation was interrupted by a peculiar rattling noise, like a person striking his nails against his front teeth in the vain hope of bringing out a melody. This rattling increased in frequency ; it grew furiously rapid ; the perspiration stood upon the performer's forehead. I knew then that it must be good. I applauded in spite of myself, and was only prevented from joining in the demand for an encore by the piteous glance from poor Handel's eye, that seemed to say "Et tu Brute." Ashamed of myself, and in consideration of my poor friend's feelings, I took his arm and left the room, my conscience pricked by the half-uttered ejaculation of the unfortunate Handel, which ran on something in this sort— encore ! music ! progress ! rattling of dry sticks ! crashing of—ugh—cymbals ! in a room too ! high art ! refined taste ! progress ! black his face! wear large shirt collars ! bones ! — (here he became quite inaudible). I will not trouble my readers with my own opinions in this matter, but I would beg of all critics when speaking of an art which, unlike all others, extends beyond the gates of eternity itself, to bear that very fact in mind, and heartily applaud only that as "music" which, with all due allowance for unavoidable short- comings, would be worthy of such an enduring destiny. I am afraid, after all, the public will ques- tion the authenticity of this criticism, as they have a right to expect something more spirited from Mozart's Ghost. 