METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ? London, Saturday evening, June 23. THE proprietors of Dr. Looook's pulmonic wafers ought to be iii a condition to contribute largely to ."the next instalment of income-tax after the' brass trumpet blowing, wry-neoked Jife playing, arid throat-stretohing hurrahing ¡of all sorts that have resounded throughout the bills of mortality to-day. ,Fdr like reason so ' tod ought all êar-doctors, con« 'side'ring the'drumming the publid tympanum has. been, subjected to; a perfect tattoo; and: eternal rat-tat going on from daybreak to sunset. And so 'likewise' should Mr. Eisenberg and tlio corps of chiropodist or corn:ctíttdrs,' in consequence of tho unprecod'jntcd, perambulations, of cockneys and country jousins all over: metropolitan pavements, frdrhoré extremity of the capital td the other," to behold what. the1 grandfather of ' the oldest inhà-, bitañt never, beheld the liko of, the voluntoors ?ajutingi V.R and i snubbing D.N.B. . The -latter. Iruth-loving individual must think' that the vera. oidus'Houter isjibaxing him as that wily Teuton1 Israelite' hoaxes sp many millions of mankind all over Europe iovcry day of his and thoir lives ; for the- Emperor never can bolieve the; telegram 'describing to-day's, gathering, oven though.'tho despatoh bo previously read by Porsigny, and professionally rovised by the full-figged French general officer on the ground. This has, un- doubtedly, been ';*« a groat day fdr England," ; and nearly all England seems to havo flo..ed into Lon- don, from tho man in the Eddystono Lighthouse to] Mr. John O'Groat. The only thing to bo re- gretted is that ita significance wasn't donblod by the date beiiig_ the 18th of June instead of .tho 23rd. Still, as tho latter is anniversary of. Sol? ferino, our auguit and affectionate annexing ally may deem the selection a tenoning tribute to tho entente cordiale ; and, probably, lie wjll mark hîa sense of the_ compliment ,,by sendingtover'â'fewl crosses and ribbons of the order of |Stíj Helena jto1 the British colonels of the '.spontaneous cohorts whose shouts to-day were as stimulating as ¡ten years' application of unlimited Cayenne'*'and ';R11; other piquancies of the paternal government 'of Universal'votes'and bayonets." -- The Queen is said to have been greatly af- fected by tho inspiring spectacle. Well she might be. No man of woman born, much less a born, woman herself, least of all the feminine sovereign of free! men, could look upon it unmoved.. It was a sight that: embodied the sentiment of Burke; touching Maria Theresa and' tho swords of her chivalrous Hungarians leaping from their scabbards at the voice of their King-Queen< True, ' our swords liavn't leapod yet ; but they are on the point of BO doing the moment we see which way the cat, meaning the tiger-monkey over the water, is going' to jump. Perhaps he won't jump at all now ; but will; try to do a little in the créóp-niousy lino;, purring on the domestic hearth, and confining his tortoiseshell tricks to the mesmerizing of Cobden, persuading the Unadorned that Adam'Smith was a jackass, and that the first principle of political economy is to buy in the dearest market and sell in' the cheapest, and to pay a handsome bonus to get your goods taken for nothing in case your customer should be reluctant ' to accept them gratuitously. The prime element in the day's doings, the weather, was everything that it ought to bo ; and had the ghost of Murphy, the lucky, almanack man; been directing spirit of thermometer and barometer the atmosphere couldn't be more precisely to the, purpose :-lowering and cool, no rain and little sun ; putting umbrellas in all prudent hands, but driving' the use of them out of the holders' heads. Not umbrellas in the volunteers' hands, surely ? Mars and Bellona forbid ! No Eglington Tour- nament . nonsense of that sort burlesqued the seriousness of the occasion. . It may not have ap- peared particularly warlike that some of the soldiery proceeded to the'field in omnibuses ; for those vehicles do not vividly recall the war chariots of that strong-minded female, Boadicea, who dealt a heavy blow and great discomfiture on certain orher invaders some time ago. Bat, on the whole, everything wore a genuine unmistokablo militâry;aspëct,; and "those" who come to sneer re- mained to praise. There was nothing tawdry, gimcrack, or- theatrical all was real' and to the purpose. Full 30,000 men marched up Consti- tution Hill, and then marched down again ;, but, unlike the celebrated promenade of .the French King's. 30,000, the result has not been barren. The-Hill, at least,. meaning the Constitution, is considerably better ; and if there is doubt on that head, let'anybody ask what would bo the reception at thisjminute of [Peterloo Palmerston's proposi- tion concerning ac Conspiracy Bill, and the indict- ment of Simon Barnard for a hypothetical new- fangled offenceundroamt of by Blackstone ? , The men took two hours to march past the'Queen, and their .march was marvellous ' for precision and solidity, considering that a few months ago not one of them could make a step without putting his foot in it. At least one-third marched as well as English or Gorman'troops ; the rest fully as well as French or Belgians, loosely, but in good time, and it was a drawback they had no music tb keep time to, for the regimental bands didn't play the while, only tho Queen's (Guard's) at the royal stand. It is impossible to say which carried off the prize of popularity, so many had . their special admirers for special reasons. One light cavalry corps, however, the -Duke of Manchester's [Mandeville once found favour with the Lancashire witches,'though thoy couldn't make a. Liverpool M. P.' bf him J were the ' obier ved of all observers ; red hunting shirts, rifle slung, behind, top-boots, .splendid cattle ; they would have dono for a grand scene in the circle in Fra Diavolo onhorsoback, at Astley's. . Tho Six Feet Corps also shone: put superbly ; and must have filled these little French fiddlers and squalini, the Orpheonists, now over herc to caterwaul at the Crystal Palaoenext week« with amazement ; for they seemed veritable Titans, as if each could swallow a brace of frog-eaters at a gulp without straining. The Artillery Com- pany) 1000 strong, figured equal to regular grenadiers of tho' line, and well maintained tho repute of the Train .Bands, so fit to do battle for their municipal privileges a like against Eupert's Cavaliers and the Ironsides of Noll. Next, perhaps, should be particularized 'the ' National Rifles, with the Duke of Wellington; in his garter ribbon,,at their headband looking astoundingly like the paternal ferruginous F.M. But, alack, only looking like; and therein lies the mockery of tho whole pageant; - foras well have painted toy soldiers as mere legs and arms, however numerous and however well drilled, to move like a Bir- mingham pin-making machine, or : aa .Austrian brigade, if there be not brain.;, and where isthat? Echo answers no where. However, sufficient for the festive day ¡is the gala generalship thereof. Even TJnole' Leopold, who has seen, some' stirring things of this sort in his time, is reported to have pronounced the performance oxcellont, and. j ho bas too mach at stake in the fact to indulge in complimentary fiction even' to please' his niece, whom the truth alono pleases, as her Primo,Minis; I ter can boar uncomfortable witness. Some awk- ward mishaps there certainly did take placo, such as ( tho unhorsing ot Uonernl Foci, just ns-the Queen waVstartihg : tho * fall ocourririg 'riot far from.the spot whore his brother, Sir Robert; rriet' his death from a similar canse this time ten years. Happily the accident was not serious, though'tho tumble was a heavy one ; the General being some sixteen stone weight, and about as agile as a sack of potatoes. Another not particularly imposing item was poor old antediluvian Combermere,1 'holding his marshal's ' baton, perchod like a mummy in the, saddle, 'and finding it so difficult1 to keep there that hts horse lind tb bc led at ,a funeral pace by a groom in the royal livery. Nevertheless;: though'the spectre was not": im j. posing" in one sense, it was a downright imposture in| another. ' For anyone not knowing who he was,, not aware that his bushy whiskers and, crispy' xnpustaohe owed their jet black to tho same source as hia copious wig, 'and seeing him frogged and braided and laced and braced, like a juvenile acro- bat," would never imagine, arid couldn't credit whénltold that ho is1' getting on ' for 100 years of, age, having sometime ago turned 90 j, so that' thjat other fossilized dandy,. Lyndhurst, who also makes a daily two hours' Brummelized toilettons ifihe were fiveand-twenty, is a mero stripling beside him. Combermere, was one of tho most prominont figures of tho day ; but it had been in, bettor taste wero he conspicuous from his absence ; fdr though he has done a daring thing,.or two in bis timo, his history doosn't exactly abound in r¿minÍ8coricos dèsiràblo to bd dwelt'upori at so in- spiring a moment ns tho present ; and that last black ' business of Dyco Sombro can noter be whitewashed. ¡ Conspicuous from his presonce, and long boforo any other notability nppoarcd, two , full hours' in advanoe of the Queen, was the Commander-in Chief, the Duke,of Cambridge ns fussy and bust- ling as on the day of tho Wellington funeral ; galloping hore, and dashing there, and curvetting about everywhere, like a demented capricorn. It was thought the advice he received after Inker :mann, aa to keeping himself cool and endeavouring ?to retain his wits abont him, bad the desired effect ; bat it would seem not ; for his leal still appears to outrun his discretion ; and it isn't comfortable to' contemplate suoh exuberant commotion, were that contingency to arise against which to-day's doings"are-a-practical -protest.-- In-contrast-to this the Prince of Wales was ve^'^selffpossessed, though ho .had a good deal_tó'try bis youthful nerves, going tlifongh"tlie ètêïnal"*salûtih"g'* with - gra^e and effeot, "vivacity and; equanimity,, tho whole day long. Like,his fattier, 'helíw.óre the Cresaeyfied blue ribbon, and sat his steed perhaps quite as well,.as the Black Prince,;-mayhap better, for there was no Barey' thea' to Vipake. a ; Bucephalus, that is a Cruiser, as docile ne a1 Duero w pony whom nothing could frighten, frpm^hib oats, not evon a-Regont-street tailor as a drum-jnajor, though ,that is an apparition that would make any horse with.the best humour laugh' like'.á'hyenn, or like Mrs. Wilkins, in the Widow* Green,-a- much more cacchinatory creature. '' When bor Majesty first camo on tke ground she didn't seem in very good humour. Seething appeared to have discomfited- her;' .The 'dancing ' at the ball the night before may have fatigued her. PèrhapstheOonsort.'taYing.precipite^ , o'clock lunch for the first time, in ;his lifej^was rather inconvenienced, and didn't mind Bh&w;,ihg it, as even royal husbands, particularly, wbot^^turned forty, sometimes will. Be this as it may, the . ; cloud soon passed off Britannia's brow', and radiant smiles and indications of deep and ple'asüreable emotion surcharged the monarchial visage 'to the close. She often turned to Leopold, wearing his British Field-Marshal attire, at her elbowvin the carriage, as tho men moved by, and. evidently asked that knowing individual if he didn't think that were there to be another Waterloo there woHld be another cry of sauve qui peut from tho same quarter as before? Whit ünclo-Bäid there is no saying; but he certainly:looked in a fashion that the nephew of a cortain other uncle wouldn't much relish to see ; and if be did see it he would think of Antwerp and a few othor places in a mode that might cause Leopold to think more of Clare- mont and his old lodgings in Pallmall than he probably does at present.' The Queen drove twice along the lino ; then the regiments, moved past, in lineB of thirty; then advanced in one long line of a mile and a half to present ?? arms ; and finally cheered uproariously, whioh indeed -they did on all possible occasions all day long, 'and are probably doing ditto all night long too; When the whole body had filed off. Lord'Alfred Paget, brown as a bottle of sparkling Burgundy,, and nearly as effervescent, showed , ber ,Majesty a photograph of the panorama, taken by an artist at the top of the principal stand ; and though used to these pictorial coups ; do ' soleil, she expressed - much surprise at its comprehensivo fidelity.; and speedy execution. The only Ministers in the royal carriages were long Sydney Herbert and short Lord de' Grey ;-there'in their official. Rapa- city to inspeot the volunteers.' The'; tordére of admission from the latter functionary. areUsaid to have béen forgedin hundreds, andiwerorjfor'i Pale at three guineas last' night. How true this is remains to be seen ; but certainly scores of persons were within privileged space who had nonbusiness to be there' ; and scories of scores who had business 'could not get in for-love or. money,' both« these appliances being made use -of on a - surprising i seale. , All this!part of the affair vyás, wretchedly; managed"; . the higgledy-piggledy\ : genius ¡, , of . Balaclava proving aa usual the lord of' misrnle. The'í programmes ' were1 ' quite useless,' it' was'' so > diffioult to perceive,distinctive shades, of difference-;, in the uniforms at .a little distance. The' plainest' L uniform was one that might have boen expected tor r -be. most glaring, considering- the?- wearer's prominence in the movement-that of Lord-Elcho'; 'simple gray,-without'a particle ''of oronrriontP A distinguished figure in tho front rank bf the Irishry was ¿the bearded' cross-bearer of the -Cardinal,,' namely-Bowyer/ and' whose Knight : of''Malta * TOW'of celibaoy and continenceit is to bo boned isn't eternally; binding ; for'. it would, be grievous that there should be no .picturesque little B's to perpetuate the ancient and affluent British baronetcy of which ho" is; the hoir. One "would .give; something',to','know what he thought of the Hibernian Brigade to-day as compared , with the Paddywhook in Italia de- tachments to the Pope,, on which >Lamorioiere's report is looked for with some curiosity. Perhaps Leopold's son, who was present to day, the Count de Flanders, a zealous ultramontane,'may com- municate his opinion to Rome,.and . considering who is his father, Mother Church may. not turn a deaf ear to his filial admonitions.-Liverpool Albion. - 1 - ?; 