AUSTRIA. Vienna, March 10. At tho outbreak of the late war, Lieutenant Gonornl von Eynatten, as Commissary-General, requested M. Richter, tho principal director of the Credit Bank, to purchase for the State, a large quantity of corn nnd flour. As the com- mission was executed to tho satisfaction of the Commissariat .Department, M. Eichtor was subsequently frequently applied to, and at the time it was believed that the State had reason to be well content with the articles supplied by the Credit Bank, and also with the prices chargod for them. After the arrest of Baron von Eynatten, however, it was reported that there had been a secret understanding botween him and some of the contractors. M. Richter was arrosted at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon when about to enter the Credit Bank. A Lieu- tenant-General was also arrested yesterday, and an Italian morehantresiding at Trieste is said to have boon carried off to prison the day boforo yestorday. The events of the last few days have produced an exceedingly painful impres- sion on the army, and tho Emperor is said to be extremely dejected, and to look ten years older than he did when ho loft this city for Verona ten months ago. It is an uodeniable fact that tho standard of morality is much lower in Austria than it was a few years ago, and you will, perhaps, agree with mo in think- ing that tho demoralisation is mainly attribut- able to tho numerous State and private lotteries and to the vast quantity of railway and other scrip which, was suddenly brought into tho market some four or fivo years ago. It is no exaggeration to say that 80 persons out of every 10O speculate in one or more of the lotteries, and very many persons now constantly "do business" on 'Chango who a fow years ago had never even seen an exchange Hst. The two officers who shot themselves ncàr-TUcodling on the <tth inst., are said to havo'embezzled SOOOfl., which belonged, to tho regiment in j which they served. Ono of tho sons of tho late Baron Eynatton, who was in garrison at Rastadt, left for the United States not long ago. No unusual noise was heard in tho room of tho deceased General, as he had taken tho precaution to placo a mattress under tho chair on which he stood while tying tho fatal knot. The cord was attached to one of tho iron bars outside the window, and, when the unfortunate man had adjusted the noose round his neck he must have gently overturned tho chair, as it was found lying on the mattress. The docu- ment of. which the Wiener Zeitung spoke was written with the burnt end of a lucifer on the flysheet of a book. The suicide of General von Eynatten and the arrest of-M. Bich ter have filled the minds of tho people with terror, aud they appear to fancy that every individual who was on more intimate terms with either the one or the other will be imprisoned. Amongthe persons nrrosted in Trieste are Messrs. Brambilla and Perugio, and it is probable that they are already on their way to Vienna. Persons of such high rank are now mentioned as the accomplices of the de- ceased. General that I cannot venture to name them.' Many people in different parts of the empire must now bc trembling in their shoes as it is notorious that the Emperor is resolved to punish with the'utmost severity every person convicted of having embezzled the property of the State. '[Several officers belonging to the Commissariat Department have been arrested at Verona and Bötzen. A young man,' named Dore, who was formerly ? the corps of ad- jutants, has been put to rath at Verona for having carried on a trail ~ s correspondence with the French and S .'ivs during and since Üia war. M- ? famished the enemies' of Austi th detailed plans of thefortificatioar , . jponded with them during the time which elapsed between the battles of Magenta and Soliferino, and was actually engaged in making a plan of the fortifications of Verona when arrested. The father of M. Doré taught the Emperor, when a boy, the French language, and his .ousin is now attached to the household of the Empress, but no entreaties could induce His Majesty to spare the life of the double traitor. It is generally believed that Doré.was shot, but it is very likely that he died a more ignomi- nious death. The day before yesterday Major General Von Fontner shot himself in the abdo- men. It is said that the deceased was in no connexion with Baron Eynatten, but that he was in danger of being arrested, for having em- ployed unlawful means in order to induce the widow of the late Baron Dietrich, who left an enormous fortune, to marry him. It appears that tho old lady married tho General in order to lay tho ghost of her deceased husband, who used to appear at her bedside, and tell her that Goneral von Pointer was a worthy helpmate for her. The proceedings against Eynatten were once suspended, but they were resumed in consequence of a confes- sion made by M. Koo von Nordberg, the chief of a " section " in the War Department, when on his deathbed. Tho communications made by M. von Nordberg, who is said to ; have poisoned himself, led to the instantaneous arrest of General von Eynatten. I do not pretendió know what confessions the latter made before he committed suicide, but they were of such a nature that'the "auditor" or military judge was so moved that he was obliged for a time to in- terrupt the sitting. Prince Milosch yesterday learnt from, Con- stantinople that the Sultan had consented to acknowledge tho hereditary claim of Prince Michael to the throne of Servia. Vienna, March 12. The official and semi-official Austrian papers give the public to understand that there has recently been a rapprochement between the two great German Powers ; but persons who are invariably well-informed on federal matters state that Austria and Prussia are as disunited as ever. - -This Cabinet would fain persuade the Berlin Government to give a binding promise in respect to Venetia ; but Prussia is said to have declared that she is not bound by tho federal tie to support ? Austria in Italy. Mon in offiao frequently hint that Austria will not assist Prussia, should she be attacked on the Rhine, "unless she consents to guarantee Venetia ;" but this is mere talk. Should Austria be attacked in the Southern Tyrol, Prussia would be obliged to render her as- sistance, but Venetia is not federal territory, and consequently this Government cannot rea- sonably expect the Berlin Cabinet to promise to assist in its defence. Prince Metternich for many years managed to persuade his foreign colleagues that tho peace and safety of Europo would bo endangered if the power and influence of Austria wore not felt to tho very toe of the j Italian boot, but four out of the five great powers have at length come to the conclusion that the continual disturbances in Italy are to be attributed to the violent attempts made to up- hold a faulty system. Tho speech recently made by M. von Vincke in the Prussian Diet has greatly exasperated the Austrians, and men of influence in this country have expressed their " indignation and disgust" that M. von Schloinitv did not call the defender of tho ag- gressive policy of Sardinia to . order. It is re- ported that Count Höchberg has promised the Swiss Government to back its claim to the neutral territory of tho Savoy, should that pro- vince be ceded to France, In political circles it is related that a separate correspondence re- lative to Savoy is now going on between England Prussia, and Russia, and it is not unlikely that such is really the case*, as Austria appears to be resolved not to take part in any step which could Rive umbrage to France. By tho Gazetta di Venozia we learn that Victor Emmanuel, in his letter to his Holi- ness, expressed a wish to occupy tho Romagna, the Marches, and Unibria, "for reasons of stra- tegy." The reply is said to have been a very unfriendly one. Tho Ultramontanists in this city relate that the heavier ban of the Church will bo laid on Victor Emmanuel as soon as he proccods to the annexation of tho Romagna. At tho same timo a memorial will be sent to all tho European Governments, in which tho Emperor Napoleon will figuro ns tho accom- plice of tho King of Sardinia. 