JOHN SADLEIR AGAIN. [From the Times, 18th Feb.] Thursday, of this week, was the anniversary of John Sadieir's suicide. On the 16th of Februaiy, 1856, that wretched man put the poison and the silver cream- jug into his pocket, and set off for his last walk to Hampstead heath. It was then pretty much the sume sort of weather as prevails at present – cold, cheerless, bleak ; an uncomfortable time for a man whose heart was weighted with care and shame to be abroad. Of the long swindling dream of so many years there was an end. The sleeper was awakened to the realities of this world in the form of an option between a convict's rations for the remainder of his days and a suicide's gulp at a cup of poison, and there an end. John Sadleir decided for the poison, and set out in the middle of a dreary Feb- ruary night to carry his purpose into effect. It was a sad business, for, although we utterly disclaim the maudlin sympathy with great criminals which is too often expressed on such occasions, it is impossible not to feel that here was a man who was about to throw away his life on a damp common who might have done good service to his country, and have left behind him a high and honourable name. What John Sadleir wanted was wealth — present wealth — and he could then make himself the Irish " necessary man." We have always since the Revolution of 1688 wanted such a person. In the old days there was the man who managed the Irish Parliament ; there was Castle- reagh to carry the Union ; the Orange Chief for the time being; the Daniel O'Connell, who defied the master of twenty legions. The potato disease broke down O'Connell, and after him poor Smith O'Brien tried for the place, but without success, and finally wound up his affairs in the cabbage garden at Ballingarry without much applause. A feeble attempt was then made to get up what we believe was called a "Brass Band," but it was rather in the interest of the Pope of Rome than the people of Ireland, and hence the experiment broke down. The British people and the British Parliament care a great deal about the miseries and discomforts of their Irish fellow-subjects ; but to speak the plain truth, if the Pope were to abandon the Vatican to-morrow, and establish himself at Jericho, we Englishmen would not seriously disquiet ourselves. The Brass Band, however, blew away sonorously enough for a while, and the Minister of the day had to reckon in one way or another with the Weippert of those Milesian minstrels. At length it was discovered that it was not a good specula- tion to lose the esteem and respect of the English constituencies for the sake of securing a transitory victory by the help of the Papal hornblowers. Their calculation had been a good one as far as it went, for it is perfectly true in the present equally balanced condition of political parties that a neat and handy little squad of members – say, twenty strong, who will march into one lobby or the other, as the order is given, can generally decide the fate of a division. It was not, however, found in practice that this theory could be pushed to ex- tremity, for the British Empire would positively in the last resort decline to live under the jurisdiction of the twenty puppets who danced as the Irish priests pulled the strings. At this time it was, the Brass Band continuing to send forth their feeble though alarming notes, that John Sadleir arose. This man had more brains in his head than all his fellows together. The day for Ojibbeway poli- tics and howling was past, men were laying down railroads ; the famine had done its mournful work among the peasantry of Ireland ; and the Encum- bered Estates Act had become law. The bold adventurer who would become the Irish "neccssary man" must adopt a very different system if he would establish his claim. John Sadleir saw that at the opening of the sales there was such an opportunity for a man well versed in the land secrets of Ireland to obtain property below its value as has never been known in Europe, save in France, in 1790, 1830, 1848. A little money — give him but a little money — and he could have moved the world ! He must purchase ; he could not let the bargains go by ; he would buy, sell, and resell, mortgage, and remortgage ; but all his ingenuity would not feed his purchases. Then came the Tipperary Bank and daring railway speculations, and awful frauds ; and, finally, this man of consum- mate ability in his way – swallowed poison one dark Febriuary morning on Hamp- stead heath, and his lifeless body was found just beside where the donkeys stand for hire. But during his period of apparent fiscal success he had actually made his weight felt in politics, he had got, not one foot, but both feet, into the Treasury ; he was consulted by British Ministers ; he was becoming the great land agent of Ireland ; the man of business who was to smooth the transi- tion from Castle Rackrent to Lothians in Connaught. Enormous wealth, enormous political power, – and a coronet, if he desired it, – were the prizes of that career. It was so hard not to have the small amount of capital which would enable him to realize that magnificent dream. We doubt not that the first steps of John Sadleir in the paths of fraud and crime were vacillating and uncertain. It is always so ; a man is slow to let go his hold of the shore when he knows the pull of the current which will hurl him away if he once ventures within its sweep. He ventures one stroke, and now another ; he comes back, and sets out again. At last – the torrent's smooth- ness, ere it touch the fatal brink, is so smooth – there can't he much real danger ; then away with humdrum notions and old women's fables ! One stroke, and it is done ! The laws of the moral are as stubborn as those of the physical world. Why do we, after a four years' interval, recur to the suicide of John Sadleir? Certainly not because we wish to celebrate the anniversary of St. Sadleir for the gratification of the share and stock markets, but because the case of "Scully v. Ingram" has just been settled in the Queen's Bench. It is curious enough that on the very anniversary of Sadleir's death a case arising out of one of his many and complicated frauds should be under dis- cussion in an English law court. The plaintiff was Mr. Vincent Scully, member for the county of Cork ; the defendant, Mr. Herbert Ingram, the member for Boston, and proprietor of the well-known illustrated weekly paper. In the year 1851 John Sadleir, then a solicitor in Dublin, owed Mr. Scully £9,000. In December of that year an estate known as the Castle Hyde Estate, in the county of Cork, was for sale. Mr. Scully was in the delectable position of having a round sum of £10,000, about the disposal of which his spirit was sorely troubled, which sum, together with John Sadleir's debt to him of £9,000, made up a total of £19,000. For this, as it was supposed, the Castle Hyde Estate could be bought, and Mr. Scully gave directions to John Sadleir accordingly. Sadleir effectually bought in the estate as directed, but when it came to the question of making good the purchase-money it was found that he was not ready with the £9,000 in which he stood indebted to Mr. Scully, and it was resolved to resell the estate at a profit, Messrs. Scully and Sadleir dividing the favourable difference, if any, in price. This, too, was done, and each party took £300. Mr. Ingram was the purchaser – so, at least, Sadleir informed Mr. Scully. In 1852 Mr. Scully desired to present himself to the constituency of Cork County, and it was desirable that he should become the owner of some landed property in the county. Sadleir then told him that he would negotiate with Mr. Ingram to purchase the estate back again, but, of course, at an advance in price. Early in 1853 Messrs. Scully and Ingram had an interview upon the subject, and a memorandum was drawn up between them, the main feature of which was that Mr. Ingram was to convey the estate back to Mr. Scully for £25,000. In this memorandum Mr. Ingram held himself forth as the purchaser and owner of the estate which it subsequently appeared he was not. Two or three days afterwards Messrs. Ingram and Scully again had an interview at the Reform Club, when it appeared that Mr. Ingram had resolved to raise the price to £28,000. He afterwards went back even from this offer, and evinced an apparent disin- clination to part with the property on any terms. Matters remained in this unsatisfactory condition until the investi- gation which took place into John Sadleir's affairs after his suicide, when it appeared that Mr. Ingram had never actually be- come the purchaser of the estate, and that Mr. Scully had been the subject of a very great mystification throughout the proceedings. The only question was whether Mr. Ingram was really aware of what had been done; was he particeps criminis or co-dupe with Mr. Scully ? Some time back there was a trial upon the matter, and the decision of the jury was adverse to Mr. Ingram, who imme- diately took steps to obtain a new trial ; for, of course, something of far more consequence than a money verdict was at stake. Upon the rehearing of the case, which has just taken place at the Guild hall, before Chief Justice Cockburn, the charge of fraud against Mr. Ingram has been withdrawn, and the pecuniary ques- tion between the parties is left to the decision of some gentleman at the bar, before whom all the correspondence is to be laid. Mr. Ingram is entitled to the benefit of this compromise. As every publicity was given to the decision adverse to him, so now it should be us publicly known that the charge of fraud is with- drawn. Mr. Ingram's statement is, that a verdict was found against him " at a time when he was not prepared with the knowledge of circumstances which had escaped his recollection," but which he has now remembered ; so the ghost of John Sadleir has been laid once more, although for many a long day ruined men will live to curse the day when they entrusted their pecuniary interests to his care. It would almost seem as though the popular superstition which refuses to admit the fact of his death were true, although not in that sense. Though dead, John Sadleir yet lives in the misery of his victims and the curses of his fellow men. 