CONGREGATIONAL UNION 01 TASMANIA. The annual meeting of the above Union was held in Lanuceston, February. 55th, 1860. The Rev. W. Law took tho chair, in accordance with the vote of the last annual assembly of the Union. Delegates present,--From Tamar-street Church-Rev. C. Price, and Messrs. Aikcnlhead, Pescodd, and Rioom. St. John-squarc-Rev. W. Law, and Meossr. BUtton, Thou. Button, Powell, Jenuings, and Howe. Brishane-street, Hobart--Rev. F. Mil ler, and MIr. Ceiss. Davey-street, IIobart--Messrs. Hopkins and WaVclh. New Town- Rev. J. Nishbct. Pontville-Rev. J. W. Shipperd. Visitors-Rev. WV. Mathison, and Mlr. Tinning. The Secretary "moved the suspension of Rule III. of the Union, and that the Rev. Mr. Mathbson be admitted by vote a member of the Union, ou the strength of testimoulals brought from England." This was seemded by Rev. C. Price, supported by 'Ar. Button, and approved by the nceet ing. fir. Mathison admitted accordingly. The Chairman then delivered his OPENING ADDRESS. It is somotimes asked of whai use is our UnionP Wher can It do ? To attempt a formal anlt elaborate reply, by referring to past acts of usefnlness rendered by this Union to our separate churches and to denominational interests at large, is beside our present purpose; but it is obvious to nil who have thought mutch upon the mat ter, that the resulting moral ndvantages are neither few nor small. It serves for one thing to correct a grievous misappre hension of our principles by exhibiting a public bond of union between our ministers and our church fellowships. It brings us together by its annual meetings that we may see each other and hold mutual prayer andil converse. It is a blessing to the churches if the ministers and delegates sitliply meet for devotional purposes and general conference upon the state of reli gion in our several churches and congrega tions. The man who in his daily walk with God has had a nearer vision and sense of the Divine holiness anti love, may min gle with his brethren, the dlory halo still aroundhis Ihead and communicate something of the sacred inliuence to those with whom the is associated. The mail of more enlarged wisdom and observation may suggest plans of study, which, falling into a well-toned mind, may bring forth fruit in after lays to God's glory and the special advantage of the church. We can safely testify that owe have never as yet attended one of our Union meetings without experiencing a season of spiritual refreshment and enjoy ment. thus, if a new congregation is not formed every time llthe Union meets, nor some gigantic plan of action developed, it is something to exercise a good influence upon cougregations already formned, and to nerve the hearts of the present laborers for their daily toil and duties. Besides, no one acqnainted vith the his tory of this Union can deny that in various ways anid tilmes, according to its powers and limited field, it has rendered valuable service to our congregational Christianity, and to the church at large, by giving ex pression to liberal views upon ecclesiastical questions brought before the public mind and our colonial legislanture. Such etflbrs have not been in vain : they have served to cheer the friends of truth and religious freedom,-and have carried dismay and shame into the camps of those who, because they were pensioners upon public funds, would forsooth assume a superior position to those who are honestly self.supporting. In the selection of topics for our present address to this annual meeting of the Union, I have given preference to those vwhich seemed to me of general and practi cal interest The ample dissertations of the Chailmen of our home Union, or the special address of tih esteemed Chairman of our last year's meeting, who, on that occasion, delivered his reply to tile Bishop of Adelaidle, would be obviously uusuitable to a small annual meeting like the present, even if we had the power to equal them Having looked carefully upon our posi tion as a denomination of Christians in this colony and taken into account all circumstances likely to affect the issue, 1 think that we occupy a position of some considerable influence and of unquestesion able importance. Other denominationls may outstrip us in tie number of places of worship and professed adherenrs, but upon the whole we stand in nto mean position as to actual church members. It is not for us to reckon as our adherents men of tno religlion, and then parade our numerical shame before the world, and ask on the ground of superior numbers a larger sub sidy from public funds; as if 48,000 as sumed Episcopalians were more feeble than 4lo000 designated In the census re turns as "other Protestant Dissenters." We seek to do God's work by God's help alone, and if there be not power in the religion of the colony to live and prosper apart from decrees of council, acts of par liament, and base violation of public and political honesty, the sooner such religion dies out the better. But we must not le satisfied with our protest against soment prevailing errors and unjust assumptions; we must look closely to our own spiritual and actual position as interpreters for nil parts of revealed truth. We' have a high standard of intelligence and clharacter to maintain-a lofty ideal wiuch we must seek to realise As it would be wrongifor tie individual Christian to rest :satisfied with the average measure of church mem ber piety; so is it wrong for s as a tde nomination to rest sentisfied with tile average measure of denominational piety and morality: our principles, our history, professions, and duties reiquire that we should aim at tho expression of whatsoover things are true, Just, lovely, and of good report. After carofitl and anxious re flection it aptiears to toe tlhat our chlrcehes neet mone denomatrtional u ent,a more enr nest piety, and greater zeol In individual and tnotted efforts for tile extension of the Gospel. Upon each topic we wish to orffer a few words. I. Our first want is a greater tdenomi national ronl. I speak atdvisedly otnd frotn extetlsive anld creful observation whent I o..y that perIlaps not one:halnf of our clureh omembers tro at all awrvar of what olur disttucti vo c rncv iples as 0 do nomination are. I I.elivou that this state ment holds true in theu same proportion of all other deoemlnations of Christians and is not thus a special charantoristlc of Con gre-attioalists. ulat with respect to our solves it Is more ilexcusablo and dan gerous. ltelieving as we do thlat princi piles of church gevernclent are of divine irevelatiton and appointmecnt ,e conltod that it is tile duty of our church ilmembllers to Ihave a clear apprehension of what they really are; inl great part this deficient Ilnormation is doubtless the fluit of tio ministers Ihemsaelves. It is a:ll but itapns sible to attend an \Wesleyeu tea or mi;s sllnarys meeting without Iearing all kinds of references to their venerable founder and their pecutliar custotns, while sta tistics are usually produced setting forth the glory, extent, activity, and power of Wesleyatn Methodism. ]But weo ever saw a Conagregational minister seizing even upon fitting occasionl s for an intelligent and temponerate exposition of our dcnonmi national principles? We have able and excellent works upon the sublject, and the tacit assltmption seems to Ire, either that the people will perceive our principles as if written int sunlight, or that they are perforce and of necessity acqutaited with soine one or more of the manuals wtlere scripture evidence is collected upon tihe subject and set forth in order, or that in sonte unktown wray thIey will be per ceived, believed, a?ni held fast. Not one of these assumptions we are practically entitled to regard as correct: for as we expound and enforce in our plitlic mini strations other clear intimantions of the divine will, so in due time, place, and order we should give attention to the cx hilition of true views of church polity lest we shouhl become chargeable with not proclaiming the whole counsel of God. Again, but few care to read manuals of chuirchl polity, whsle all would be able to understand and willing to tihear an occa sional lecture upon the saubject; wlthi yet again it requires but smoll ncquaint anIce with history, as Foster observes, to know that largo masses of men comnt but slowly to the knowledge of great princi ples aind need to have thcn constantly presented to their atlention. A brief view of thie leading principles ofar de anominational polity is suitable now, that hiving a vivid perception of their imt portance we mIeay seek mtore zealously to difllinse them. 'rThe first is, that Jesus Christ is the only ttead and only Law-giver to HIis Church. God has set hIls King upon Ilis holy hill of Zion; Christ has beconme tie Hlead over all things unto Hlis Church. We recognise but one Master antd oall is srvantls as brethren ; family governmenlts, state governeInts, have ttheir npptrcpriate splleres and to Cmesar we would ever ren der the things that belong unto Clesar and to God the things that are God's. The kingdomt of Christ is not of this world; it is spiritual in its nature; the duty of Christ's ministers is to teach men to o'serve all things that Ile has coml ianded and to expound clearly and pull licly the crown rights of the Redeemer. Closely allied to thi.s is the groat truth of the divine fulness aud authtority ofscrill ture ; Christ has iven us ir it authori tative declaration of lis own wvill, a clear statement of anll truth necessary for litf, doctrine, anld coverlltUenat hence iothing ofa religious character is bindinig upon the conseinceo iof the church excepting what is directly taught in scripture or may be proved thereby. Assemblies, unions, con frencs, councils, and synods imay issue creeds, conikskions, and expositions, but by the scrilltures we must test all; to the law and the testimony if they speak not accordilng to them it is hecaite there is no light in them. It necessarily follows from the precrling I inciples that Christ through Ilis revealed will and guiding spirit is the only judge to whom Ilis pro fessing people mally appeal in ca-es of dls iputeil doctrine and practice. Our colnsti tlllion as a denominiation and onu e of thie specilil rules o of or union requires this, but by other Iodics of Christians it has been grievously overlooked to to the great sca'tnldl of our commoan Christianity. IEngland ands Scotland have both pre s:aited the unseemly spectacle of law courts vexed and hlarased with dispulltes about church doctrines and rights. At the annual meeting of the Liondon Society for 1'ronloting Christianity among the Jews, hehl in Exeter Haill on G(th May, 8188, the 1Rev. J. C. Ryle, sn eminent cicrgyman of the Church of IEnglatd, said (p. 3:1 of tthe annuallll report), 1' i mark of a true Protestant Church is the respect paid to the Word of God. Would we had gone to the Word oly for the settlement of every controversy which hais sprnag up in our church during the last twenty years I I am persuaded that if all the nlotorious celes connected with tie church which h.at Lucu c i tiied before the courts of law of late years had been tried i ait dillfferent court-if the Gorhamo case, the Denison case, atd the Poole case ihat been settled by twelve simple Chritlians witll the Bible in their hantds as their only guide, we should have had the decisionls imuch soonier taid those decisions wouldl have been mlore satisficltory." No doubt of It; ullt in the nlme of Hliml whose crownI anld dignity are thus trampletd in the dust wse onlce mlore protest agailnst acts of partillament or de crees of council as suflicielnt autlhority for Clristianl doctrinle, andlt againlt law courts blcoling spiritual asseisolo or uuthoriscd judges. Asecond great princlpleof Congregatioan alismt is that as uothling hut sliritual reli gion malkes a man a Christian, so churchles should only be clomposed of such ats give satislnctory evidelnce of ait piriltal change. The princiile thus stated is acted uipon by other chllurches as well ns our ownll but iot by iall. Some tllere are whose millel lership is satil to include all who have beent apllizedin tiheircoluniniiionor wvholive wvitin cerltni geographical litlils; hence we hIave tppeals ltade to the '?rty thlou stand atild lmore supposed members of the Clhurch of lgttlantd in 'ntastaliat; who, according to hight nsthtOrity oa its kitti were niae ili biaplisin "uielibers of Christ, clildret of Goi, andt heirs of tihe Itiugdotl of hIeovel; " ntd all of' wholll, liotwitli Stllldil thie dscreditablo lives ut sonme, will be comilnitled to the gronlltl "it suro nid certait hope of n Joyftul resurrcection itut eternal lile." Otilera there ale Whiti adlmit to coomluuiont all who live a fhih moral life (a phirase ofetn whhily itter pretedl), who alled t lublie worshit aniitl siitaci'be iI religious societies. A lthirdi class odlits to souili of its iptivilegces thse walio tre senkltg salvation and expttect tlhee tlrivilegcs to bccoeilt coivertilng oaidlitllltces nud thils oi a nlargo acnil the dispensing Ipowsres iof the chlirch are exercised itiil a tIeliuf it saurltellltal elllctucy often fotcretd whii n parhictilnr typo of religious expericnaeo, It ls a tllsti tive principle nod ,raotioe with us to dlnmit only those withiui the sacred enclosure of the church as in t:.e judgment of Christian charity hIave esp rienced tile waslhing of regeneratiou and the renewing of the Holy Ghost. Nor can it be justly urged against uts that we tihus claim to be discerners of spirits: we make no such claim, but by their fruits wu know them. 'trh know lelige we may haroe of their thouights, fetl ings, and motlives is entirely ownlg to their own statements, variously omade, to their act:al life, and to the testimony of friends. If it hie urged that we fail, even after all our cure, to preserve absolute purity of fellowship we acknowledge tile charge, and ssy it is a proof tihat we cannot discern the thoughts and intents of tile heunr. Ilut it does Inot militate against our principles, for even in apostolic days there crept into tihe church unawares ungodly ld lascivions men; and is well kept fields weeds will still grow. It should not be overlooked by our oppo inents thlst somne of their most sacred, im portant, and ennobling human relationships tire based upon the state of the heart tso nlutually expressed in words and illus trated by correspounding actions. To churchese titus conslitutesl of consverted men Christ looks as tie appointed conser vators of sound theology, correct morals, a simple and intelligent form of worship, the due saactifieation of the Lord's Day', earliest and prayerful efforts to spread the Igospel, attd the preservation of a clear and legible distinction between the church and the world, the church and the state. A third great principle is that eachll church or society of Christians is under Christ's authority complete witlhin itself for all purposes of ediicatioon, fellowshlip, and govcrtntcnt. 'rlha adoption of this priuei ple has maode us Congregationalists. From at iwe derive our distinctive name. Tile ter I [ndependents" refers to our out ward indopeudence from state control, from all supposed superior ecclesiastical powers, and fromt each other. The term " Congre egatioarl" arises more from what is internal and vital to our denominational existence. Some write the two unames and designato the body Congregational Independents. ?c prefer, however, for goenera use the former errmns alone, as sufllciently explicit, uid a1s derived from what is strictly our scriptural peculisrity-the completeness of eacth church for all purposes of Christian edilication, land clhurch government. it is sby all admitted that there must be limits somewhsere to religious bodies. All true P'rotestanlt churches have abandoned, as willth oe consent, the magnificent but im practicable Papal dreamu of oue universal ealtholic organ;isation throughout the world under the immediate headship of his re puted Htoliness the Pope. The scheme ntigl:t have beent more tfasible if till men lhad been ia mental constitution quite alike, and if there had been no labtel building. Bult with strange languages, diverse national customs, different mudes of lindividal thoughl, and varied suscepti bility of religious feeling, all present hope of a onlo catholic church Lmust be aban doned. Thio limits the of church fellow ship must be souglht in l narrower circle. Some seek them in natural or political divisions of race or country. Such speak of national churches-of the Church of' England and r]oland--while for tile ecclesiastical possession and rule of Scotland thlere are rival claimants in the Old and Free Kirk. Not dwelling upon the itorrectnellss of tianes like these, where millions in England hold confllicting faiths and in Sectland there are thousands of dissenters froult Prehbyterian church polity, and numerous powerfil sectional bodies among themselves, all showing the incorrectness of the designltion, we may look at tle resulting evils in the manage ment of the business of tlhes corporate and supposed natiunal churches i tiheirsuperilor church courts. Ot tlsesimplie principlesofCongregational Church polity schll results are impossible. Each churclh is complete in itself, not to make its laws, but to apply and administer tlose made by Christ. All purely church matters are simple and spiritual, and may be decided by the church itself, apart from any foreign power, according to the laws of New Testament justice, equity, and love. So all the secular matters con nected with a single congregation are of easy adjustment by its own action and decisions. It is not denied that there are difficulties connected with this form of church government: it reqires more good sense, Christian principle, and general ex cellence tlhant some other forms, but these qualificatitons should be sought after. That occasionally democracy runs riot, liberty of the people becomes tyrany to the ministers, is confessed with sorrow ; but such evils are local and limited to the individual church -temporarily,passing away with the men, or sometimtes with the one Diotrephes who may love to have the pre eminence; whilo e we avow or elief that the general tendency of our churches andl congregatious is to trust and follow the leadership of able, successful, and consis tent ministers, there being but few churches of our faith altud order tllat do not more or less cheerfully obey them that have the rule over them, and estesem thllem very highly ill love for their work's sake. A further great principle of Congregan tionalism is, that Collgregational churchles oughit to hold fellowstip one with another. We exist apart in famllies that we may form one botly politic by mnutual attraction and cohesion. The very same social prin ciple that prompts indivilual Christlians to form church fellowships operates its tile formation of our local unions, our generul conferel,ees, our varied msllsiollary institn tions, anld our colleges, of whllih we may justly huonst. As Congregatio:tal chlurches, we need union to cottenallce and aid wseak clhurces to secure a learned, pious, and fhitthful ministry, to protect and extend our religious Iloerties, to abale the ecclesi astical presumptlion of' the vainl who may wish to vault ilnto prc-etninettoe Iy as sutadng tholemselves to be alone of apostolic origill and alone duly qualified to admilts ter the ordiatnccs of religion. Our noble Iondotllll issiolnatry Society, oar IHollle, CtOllioal, IandI Irilsh litsslolary Societies, oilr Contgregatioslu Ulnion, Library Cool Imilte, crolltges nstlld prol'iettly oshoalst our instltutlioua s Ianld societies for cllhapel btllldlng, and lay preaclhinLg, are all Iproofs of use tetlendlency to intlion among Congrega. t'Ln al cl!urches, of the facility of their tltnal co-opleratlon, atet of tile large andl blessed restnlts folowing from ilte asso citled nactiont of chlurchles or of tieir illdi vilul memnlbers fior objects affectllng tlhe cotnunon good of tile deonmlniatiol. The true idea is to regardt our chllretes as iln de udendeta municipalitles, all forming part of 0 0 great comlmonwotalll of whichl Jesis is thle lKing; lavltg ithe satle l.aws, atnd existing Ior itle s:atlo otject; tnd Oxtend isg tle honest Ilaid ll' Christlau tellow slhip and mutual lhfl'ulcess to one aunothlr There is thus the most perfect liberty andt the closest nuaociation. Our Unious and Conferences can never become courts of appeal, nor governing bodies. Nor do they in any way snake one formal'churlh of many distinct church associations; our Union is simple and clear, like that of in dividuals; it rests upon foregone facts, and is formed for future efforts and mutual assistance. We had noted many passages io confirmation of our views in secular and clhurch historians: and we cannot withhold one of many striking instances from Arch bishop Whaltely: "It appears plainly (says the learned prelate) fronm the sacred narra tive that thouglh moony churches which the apostles foeunded were branches of one spiritual brotherhood, of which the Lord Jesus Christ was the heavenly head, though there was one Lord, one faith, one baptism,' for all of them ; yet they were each a distinct independent community on earth, united by the eommon principles on wisch they were founded, and by their mutual ngreement, aflection, and respect; hat not having any recognised head on earth, or acknowledging any sovereiguty of one of those societies over others." Such are sonice of thle leading principles of Congregatioual Independency: the one name indicating, as ihas been said, the extent of our individual associations, and the other their perfect freedom from all ab extra coutrol: of them we have no need to be ashamed; and it will Ire sean-1. That they arb of the most simple nature. We know nothing of the gradations of ministerial rank, one rank arising above another in the ecclesiastical hierarchy in vested with larger powers too frequently used for the gratification of anything but Christian feolings. We know nothing of legal conferences in which property valued at some millions sterling may be vested. WVe know nothing of higher ecclesiastical courts reversing the decision of lower ones. All matters may toe at once decided by thle individual church, with due reference to Christ's supreme will, to the general customs obtaining among the churches of God, and with just regard to all the principles of love, justice, equity, wisdom, and the rights of individual members. The minis ter for the time being is ez oficio tie presi dent of every church and congregational assembly, and has to expound the laws of Christ for the government of iis kingdom. The church sustains tihe office ofjury and judge, to decide upon tito facts and to pro nounce judgment. 2. Congregational polity is the most catholic and capable of comprehensive nction. There is nothing in it narrow or limited; we do not of necessity stand opposed to other churches of Christians; we arrogate no superior power; we are just associations of indi vidual Christian tmen and women, uniting togeth.r for tioe purposes of mutual edifi cation and fellowship. Whatever there may ite in point of custom, there is nothing in point of lprincille to prevent our having a liturgy or doing without one: we may have chnrches with spires or we may keep to the time- honored institution of barn-like buildings, " and brick and mortar ugliness," we may have organs nod a choir, or a simple precentor-a dirt religious light comingt from stained glass windows, or pianes witlout color or paint--tiese are not subjects for Episcopal or Presbyterlal regulation, but are left naturally and justly to the tastes, weahlth, judgment, and Christian liberality of each congregation. . By our religious principles we are not.permitted to stand aloof from any partlicular church or congregation be caume in some points it may differ from ourajctesandothers, any more than we hlave a right to nathellmantize a minister who t:may adopt ao tnclerical tmode of dress, as an expression of his idllvitiullt freedom and absoulte right to consider ihis own personeal health and comfort mor titan the consoli d ition of antiquated castomls and incon veniences. It should be easy for Congregational Churches to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, and in ordinary cases tie believe this is done. 3. It is in the salme way the mtost capable of adaplation. It requires no formal act of a general power to give a specilic existence to a Con gregational Church. Where a lnmtber of Christians meat in Christ's namle and associate for Iurposes of Christiaa fellow ship, there Is de facto a Congregational Chulrch. It is complete In itself to seek for and nppoint its own spiritual teachers and its own officers-to seek for fellowship with kindred churches, and to aid accord ing to its ability in tihe groat works of Christiant enterprise and benevolence. It needs no cunimbrous organization or ecclesiastical machinery; it may adapt its services to tie elimate and neighborhood; ail its agencies omay boar a local stomp; it has no prescriptive mtodes of actiou; all that is required is that they seek worthy ends hy just and wise meats. Congrega tionalists while strictly retaininitg its dis tinctiveo princliples msp employ in its service all that is in strict accordance withi thil precepts and spirit of God's word; all that has been found advantageons in other communities to Christian edifcation and fellowship; all that is adapted to its local position, or demanded by the changing circumstances ot' tihe times. Class-meet. isngs, band-lneeting, love feasts, and c.ltsp meetings, thoughl foreign to our customs, are not in the least forbididen by our principles. We now venture to ask whethert principles like these should be kept in the back grountl so much as sitey are. Whether it is tight to holtl tihe with t" feeble grasp; whether they are to be spoken of with "batuld breath and whisporing hlunbleness." Foor themt atnd the associated principles of religious nd tt ptlilical i;berly our fathers pined in prisons, fiotght in battle fields, died on cdloflds, soltght a new lhome inl tile western worl'd, nlltd entidred joyftilly the spoiling of theic goods. SiI:ili we peacolul linies be recreant to the banner of scriptural church polity, nrund which Ithey gathered in troubled days with earliest souls, true halrts, stros hands to work and fight, ndt eyes fixed sgI Io iRarven? Froslt victory u!tlo viltory it was carrled by tihe Ironu sitles, Intllil ill tie stlrong Ihands of Crotnwell it Hulonted tilnlsphantly over every otlier bnlller tIhat lessor laeln caried into the opeln conl filet of if setliotnal ilgilt, ind yet was tile fiend of tritue Csatloliclty, hiltie belitg wititl.it, tIn view of thie fioits of clhurlh gover.nmellt now repressing thIe enlot'ies of till Cisristian worlt by ttleir own inalttness and associated evils-itt viewo of tihe great ecaltlal Ihey hiave already Irotglit ol thie Ciiristlat ilnmtte--let us labor iheirtily uis tiilsisters, dectlellls lsld ilieltbers of Coligregatiuonal Clli'hCu es to dtillsse by lectures, Ibolks, asld a beautiful exhtibltlht ill plractic.l workiitg, the trute, sliiiPile, aild sc lrnituael rinit les aI' eithuirch govortn. Itenlt whlicih linvo itol to t do wilts the future triumphs of tho gospel than s?ome modern prophets seem to be aware of. I. As a dcuoninatlan we need more earnest piety. iro do not by this mean to say that our state of piety. is low absolutely in itself, or relatively by com parison with any other country, or time, or denomination. We rejoice to believe and are fully assured that there is a large mounat of healthful, intelligent, progressive piety In our churches generally. There is too, in not a few instances, a marked de-t gree of earnest liberality, of hearty afto rt anld cheerful self-sacrifice which should lead no to magnify the grace of God as therein displayed. We believe that in the msain the piety and consistency of our Australian Congregational Churches would not in the least suffer by a comparison with the average state of church member piety in England. The :most discouraging features connected with some of our churches are the small interest felt in prayer meetings, and the increasing habit of half day worship on the Lords' Day by some who hae ise have not the shadow ofa reason able pretext to urge in justifieatlon of their practice. WVefurther think that In comparison with the slate otreligion in tihe Congregational Churches of England m.tay yoars ago there will be no Just ground of complaint. We too frequently judge of the piety, as of the wisdom of the past, fby a few gifted specimnus of men, who stood as much above their follows as thiRoev.;J:A. James stood above the generality ofrthe living brotherhoodi; and because all Christians and ministers do not equal these extraordi nary men, we untvwisely miourn over the supposeds degeneracy of our times. A comparison of the church books of our forefathers with those of our own in mo dern titmes would alshow a vast decrease in cases of discipline arising from flagrant breaehes of common morality. Ou' supe rlor position in this respect doubtless arises in part from the generally Improved slate of of social morals; but this, agnia, is largely owing to tile superior vitality, power, and elevating influence of our common Chris tianity. VWe are not of those who can see in every individnal falling or local disaster proofs of the degeneracy of the whole church, nor do we see that because a cer tain ideal of lhuma character is not the the universal characteristic of our fellow mens, that therefore the great tribulation is comning upon the earth ; tvo neither pre sumno to "prophesy upon tithe prophets," nor to appear as the accuser of thile breth ren. Still, beloved Irethren, to mneasure ourselves with ourselvles-wirh our fellow Christians of other denominations - or otlier times-is not wise. A younn:t Clhurch neluboer should be il treated not to regard the average chlurch member piety of his particular church as the correct standard-ntsr shollld we as a body of Christians be satisfied with being simply on a par with others, and equal to the men of the past. There tire higher resolves to be formed-a nobler ambition to be cherished-a more perfect standard to which we mnst seek to conform. WVe read of one who inss left us an example that we shouldl follow in His steps. Is it not the obvious duty of Christian people to im prove uponI themselves? Should not every believer be the true l'hceuix rising ever more from the ashles of his former self to nobler fortms of spiritual life and service? Should not every generation seek to ad. vanice upon the former ? Have we not more privileges now than our forefaithers haid, and do they bring with them a les seled responsibility or an increased obliga tion tobe Ieottel' than they? Is atill to imnprove around the church, and all to remain sta tionary within ? Is our knowledge to grow and our piety to be petrified? Are we as churches fully satisfied that our piety corresponds with our privi leges anld our dasties in these Atstraliani colonies? We are surrounded by men who are eager after wealth, do we show them that there are treasures of greater import ance first to be sought-riches that will not perish with the using--that are no incumbrance, and are the current coin of God's great and beautiful universe, peopled by the happy and the good ? Again, we repeat that wherever we travel or rest in these colonies, the one cry is gold—the one object to amass a fortune--men des pise the slow gains of honest inldustry, make haste to be rich, and so are not inno cent. 'There is moreover a tendency in some classes of Australian society to self indulgence ; the practice, if not the sen timent, seems to be " Let us eat and drink for to-morrow we die." Closely connected with this is the great desire for show, ex travagant finery, the eager pursuit after pleasure-all these things, and mally others of a like kind are the natural results of our sudden wealth, wonderful growth and prosperity; still it is but a poor return for God's great goodness, and it is all the more important for the church in Australia to look upon her position and to see whither the current sets, and to show by her cha racter and deeds that like her Master she is not of this world, that she believes there are better things than sliver and gold. It is a great truth which cannot be too clearly stated or too frequently expressed, that the church can only exercise a good influence upon the world in proportion as she is distinct from it. To try to make concessions, to seek to meet the world half-way, is not the plan to bring men to repentance or sinners to the Saviour. Let us then, brethren, remembering the object of Christ's death, our superior privileges and our manifest duties, aim high, and seek to become like Him who was holy, harmless, undefiled, and separate from sinners, and yet lived and died for our sake with all ia Iro:hterl's love and sender ness. As mintisters let us seelk to becone living epistles, to sanctify ourtelves for tilhe s:aiel of the church, even its the Mlaster did. Let us seek to cultivate all that is lmanly, luvilng, wise, and Clristian-like, so tllhat (in the language Ofolle of the sainled dallo), t we may gather' around us in onil willing sad loving sudlience the saint unl the sinner, the child and the sago." As dleacons let sis not he contrent withl a tsere liasale iolety, but oeck to earn for otr selves a good degiee of Chretttlani conli.l dloncee and love bIy our conslsteney and great bohlitess il tlre faillh whilkh Is iU Clrist. As suemibecrs of cllurchlsc lot us reilsleibcer titat we ire to Ie lights in tihe world to hllowa ftrths the praise and glory of God's greer, smii by our good works to lend mes to glorify our Fasthlr who Ic in heaven. O clstlrch of tile livnul God; planted in theIse lntfnt lauds growtig islo kingdoms, ariso and shline, for' thy light is comec, andt the glory of the Lord is risos upon tliccl Slhake thyself from the dtCst of sleepl aiid inactivityl 0 ealltlive daughter of iont, girtl on lthy beautiful garments, and graspi whh nio faint Iheart or feeble puni'o.- r tihe impleilrents of thy sililtual lusbtndryi; lun slhall thy riglhlooselless go mortlh as briglhtnoss, ald ilty salvation as a litap that burneth. To thee. shall then come the multitudes now going astray; thy paaceasehall be fillt of devout and earnest worshippers, and thy King shall reign glorously I That we may be Christians for the times, let usever more seekthe baptism of thie Holy Ghost; then shall we have the tongue of fire, and men shall come to wor ship before the Cross of Him whose name we bear. III. We need a greater zeallnindividual and united efforts. A man isnot saved for. his own sake merely. God's glory is to be sought by each believer in the sal vation of others. However correct otr doctrinal crecd- howeverrigidly scriptural the great outlines of our church 'polity may be-all will be vain unless we laborto diffuse them. "Earnestness is tile world's rellgion." The more zealous and painstaking a denomination is, as a general rule the greater its numbers, and the more poweriful its social influence. The world will be converted to Christ, but then there is to be the union of Divine and human agency in this glorious work. We need to feel more deeply the spiritual wants of the people in our towns and our scattered districts, and a deeper counviction of the misery of those who live in heathen dark ness. Tilhere can be no doubt that acodrd= log to what other denominations generally are doing, we are doing our full share of work. Bult this should not satisfy us. We should seek to be worthy of the Divine approval as having done all we could..The claims of Christ upon us are more than tongne can express ; the deep needs of the world appeal to us with a voice of anguish, and all earthly and heavenly motives bid us Increase our efforts, seeing that the night drawoth nigh when we can no longer work. We seek not now to multiply general ox. hortations to Christian diligence, nor do we aim at Indicating with mi:uto par ticularity the varied modes of action suited to each church, or to mark out with authority the track of individual effort. Our object is to impress on all now present their solemn responsibility as historical successors of those who suffered for Christ, to labor for Him according to His love to them, and the providential calls around them. As a dleomination we have not neglected Sabbath school instructiotn: some of the best conducted and a most successfll in stitutions of the kind are ours. We have not withheld support from our catholic and time-honored London Mis sionary Society, which more tItan any similar association has been honored with learned, bold, enterprising, and world. renowned missionaries. We have not overlooked our own towns and neighbor. hood, nor stood aloof fromn Colonial HIomo Missions. The neglected and scattered inhabitants of our frontier wilds have bieen visited and tagght. But we have failed, and that most grievously, as a rule the world over, in enlisting the individual labors of all who should work in our churches and congregations. Too many are at ease in our Zion, and wasting life and spiritual energies in slumbrous indo lence. We need more agencies perhaps, but certainly more agents. Especially thave we failed in wltat is usually called lay agency-in urging inot active service a latent power chlarged with glorious results. Viewed In its widest aspect lay agency in cludes the services of all non-ministerial Christian agents-all acts of religious in strutction and enterprise. A mother with her little ones around her, to whom she speaks in words of gentle love and wisdom of llim who was once the child Jesus, may train utp a Samuel,aTimotlhy, a Dddridge, or a Molfat. A Sabbath-school teacher with those before him who will soon enter upon a career of earnest life, ned whomo he seeks to train to deeds of Christino self sacrifice and heroism, is a fellow laborer with the public minister. The tract dis tributor --the Beckenham preacher Vicars in the 97th-H-ammond in the Rifle Briande- vwith Havelock at Rangoon and L.ueknaw,-are all lay agents, and heing dead, tihe latter three still speak the same great truths with voices only titel lowed by the distance. Hugh Miller, with stones for texts, has preached wonderful sermons; and If all lay scribes can work and write so well, our Ihope and prayer.is that soou all the Lord's psoplo will be prophets. Nor can tholabors of HIoward, Vilberforce, Clarkson, Fry, Nighltingale, John Pounds, Burriti, and Sturge be otherwise regarded than as lay sermons of a very superior order, sheowing not merely what is duty, hut how it can be wisely and successfully performed; andl in cou clusion anld effect proving that example is bettier than precept to stimulate to wise and worthy deeds. In soime one or more of these and other methods of Christian labor all our church members should be employed ; there is work for all in God's vineyard who have wise heads, cheerful hearts, and willing hands. Nor can medi ocrily of talent, a limited sphere, dificul ties of various kiids it the sway, exonerate fron duty. The logic of reason, love, andi Christian honesty should be, " Since I cannot do much, it becomes me to do all I cau ;" for the measure of service required by the Master of all Hlls people is accord ing to what a mia hlath of power and p1ri vilege, and not accordin; to what he hath not ; anl tile principle of reward is accord ing to his elforts, and not his success. We presume, however, that hy isy ly gency is more specifically and usually meant the public labors of our nona.lerical brethren, whether as exhorters or preachers, accordl ing to their talents and the occasion of the service. Ily settle sections of the church, and by individunla in others, this agency is regarded not merely with suspicion and distrust, but with positive averaionl nd direct opposition, as being an unwarranted intrusion upon the special duties of ordained mintisters. FIormally to debale the subject with such is int our present purpose. I assssume my attlence to be in sympalthy witis lay agency in befitting dir cumttsaunces. lBriefly, however, we lisay say that preachig thlie gospel is itost clearly relerred to in the New Testament as Ioeilg practised by Imen Ulison whotl no conse cratitg hitttan hlnds had been placed, but lwho tad becoUee teachers and preachers by the hiipositiun of miliitier hIanlls. Ii the Acts, 8thl chapter, we hIave ani account of the scattering of several thousand Chris. lans by persoculon, lwho "wont every.* sehero llreaclint: the W\ord." 'Philip, one of Ihem, beitg ai deaonll, " enti dowu to the city of Salttinla and pIreached Christ nlto them." Apollos, at Ihe outset of his Itintistlerial career, was shnply a learned aInyman. Nor should we lose sight of that large class of scltipturo pnss.ages addressedl to ilhe church, and niot alonse or specially to minlisters, urgiug the diligent oxposition of all spiritual truth, and tlhe enforcement ol all religious duties. The church, as an assembly of pious lndlviduals, is to 'z hiort one anotCher daily, least any should be lhardened tlhrough Itho deceltfnllness of eslu " to "provoke one another to lovre and good works." "As every man hiath received the gift, so let hinm minister as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, lot him do it as of the ability which God givoth : that God in all things may beglo. rifled through Jesus Christ, to whom be praisoe and dominion for ever and ever. Amen." Vo are further "to speak to one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songer" In thus acting we shall be follow. ing in the footsteps of the sainted dead, for in ancient times- ' they that feared the Lord spoke often one to another: and the Lord hearkened, and heard It, and a book of rememborance was written before Him for them that feared the Lord,. .and that thought upon His name.. And they- hall be mine saith the Lord.of.hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him." The church at large is to " Arise and shine, for her light la come and the glory of the Lord is arisen upon her." As individuals and churches we are to "let our light so shjno before men that they may sea or good works and glorify our Father who Is in heaven." So to circumscribe and sharply define these general duties as to make them specifically exclude lay preachine would require a loglo and a criticism whichno man having respect to his own character and conses. teocy would adventure, and which every sound school of interpretation would die. 'otwn. To trace through the successive centuries- of' church history the varied forms of lay agency over adapting them. selves to the varied phases of social life and surrounding circumstances is quite beside our present purpose. One truth, however, is clear, that in all marked revivals of spiritual life and power an increased interest and success over attached to the employ. ment of lay agency. State alii. ances, lordly hierarchies, caste pre. indices, have ever been Its oppo. nents, but though lulled to sleep at times on the lap of worldly prosperity or bound by the Philistine fetters of superstition and custom-tihe sleeping Samson has awoke. at times and wrought deeds worthy of his earlier manhood. The first great reforma. tion associated with the honored names of Wicliffe, lMuss, Calvin, Luther, and the bravo Swiss reformer, furnished remark. able individual instances of.the power of lay agency. The second reformation under Whitfield and Wesley is remarkable be. cause of its extensive use of lay agency. England owes more under God to her lay agents than to her wholoe bench of Bishops. The village chapels and schools throughout theUnitedKingdom--vast ntmbers of living and ransomed mten, a great multitude which no man can number of the sanctified and glorified deald-are at once the proofs of their power and the trophies ofthoeirsplen. did success. Scarcely a neighborhood exists in England, Scotland, or 1Yales, but has its tradition of some sainted hero, soma zealous lay assertor of church life against prelatical authority and the deadening in fluence of worn-out customs and ecremo. uies. In the history of modern missions the value and importance of lay preachers are singularly manifest. The East and W\est Indies, Africa, China, and India, all owe them a debt of gratitude. The most marvellous instance, however, is furnished by the South Sea Missions. Williamslong ago remarked that with the exception of the single Island of Tahiti he wes not aware of any other where the European mission. aries had not been preceded by native lay agents. Since his lamented death the statement, to the best of my knowledge, has needed no alteration. The stories of their zeal, daring, fortitude marvellous success, and glorious deaths, are known to us ail, and serve to show that the spirit of martyr- dom has not left the church, just as the recent European wars serve to show that a highly wrought civilisation has not injured' the courage or weakened the power of endurance among nations whose martial deeds live in history. In the Navigator's Group of islands where I labored for some time, not a single village was without its chapel, school, and lay preacher. Thie custom was for the teachers to assemble once a week at the missionary's house to unite the outlines of a sermon an I to hear the missionary en large upon the notes. They then received the appointment for the following Sabbath and were often highly successful in a noble rendering of the sermon. Some few native teachers have been deemed worthy of In troduction into the regular ministry; and with its lay preachers, ordained native ministry, along with its bible, Tahiti still offers an impassable barrier to Popery. We have thus referred to historical and contemporaneous facts bearing upon this subject in order to show the great import ance of it to the interests of the church at large. That ignorant and unfit men are occasionally seen to hold the office in some bodies and to do more mischief than good is no solid argument against its use, any more than the occasional presence of such men in the regular ministry would prove it to be a greater curse than a blessing. The prac tical adaptation of the agency to our con dition as colonists and to our position as a denomination is of great importance, and demands our serious thought and constant endeavor. Many of the brethren who have been anxious to employ lay agents will bear me out in saying that they have found a difficulty in obtaining. them. There is a great backwardness on the part of many of our inlelligent and qualified laymen to engage in this particular depart ment of Christian service. - We have those amongst us to whom deference is paid in our various legislativo assemblies, who are able speakers in our social and festive gatherings, really writers in our papers, and Ireluent lecturers before our local societies and mechanics' institutes, who yet shrink from directly addressing their fellow men on the great themes of the gospel. One reason of this is no doubt the exalted views which such men usually have of the quallufications and duties of tte Christian ministcr,-- another' the fact that tehy were not in early life encouraged to speak publicly upon religious subjects, and thus the fervor of early zeal subsided—and in many cases a constitutional or ncquired re serve to speak at all upon religion, though most diligent and conscientious in the dis. charge of all other christian duties. Our chief hope is to be found in the younger men of our churches, and especially in the new members, and it will become in creastingly with some of us a very im portant part of ministerial duty to look out suitable men and give them such advice and encouragement as may seem fit, In some cases, however, even when the men are found, there are frequent dficultles to find suitable spheres in which to employ their services i the fiids a 'where they: are alit needed are often far away from tile centres of our denominatlonal strength. In but few instances are villages 'grouped' itt convenient distances around our colonidl cities and towns. The destitute districls are far away, and the expense and time in volved in the supply ofsomo by lay agency oar more difficult to meet thanb the settle ment and support of a regular minister. But in the suburbs of' our rapiudly id creasing cities, and in the. anrrounding neigbbou-hood of our few towns, where suitable facilities exist, it is a pressing duty, to avail ourselves of lay services- to the, utmost oflour ability. SToenter into minute plans, or tooff?r any formal advice is not our province; we would rather hear ?age speak, and expe rience' teach wisdom. We have lay preachers in connection with as who exer cise their gifts with some succees, and we hope that more are preparing. We feel assured that all the honored brethren and delegates now present will feel that our wisest plans nod best efforts need a more than human energy to make them effectual for their purposed end; and whatever form our lay or ministerial ser vice may assume, we shall seek to do all to the glory of God; and when we have done our wisest and worthiest we shall still ro card ourselves as unprofitable servants, and In the midst of our proudest achievements the pervading feeling will be, "Not unto us, O Lord- not unto us, but unto thy name be the glory." In bringing an already lengtheiied'i?"ci dress to a conclusion, it is unnecessary for me to advert at length to the topics for disuession--the subjects will be intro duced by various brethren who, as ever, will receive respectful attention and a can did hearing. The difficulties of a chair man's position are not very great where general wisdom and' Christian charity are known to prevail over their opposites. Let us try to speak gentle words, but to use stroong reasons. ,l .pray that God's bless ing may rest upon us and teach us wisdom and the things that make for peace. Finally, while we hold Congregational Church Polity to be the most scriptural polity, we are free, we trust, from sectarianu bitterness; and express your feelings when we say Grace, mercy, and peace be with all them that. love our Lord Jesus Christ in : sincerity and truth. We believe in the Holy Catholic Church and the Communion of Saints. Finally, we are reminded by this assembly of that great assembly and Church of the first born in Heaven. There, on some bright and sunny morning may we all meet-life's work honestly done - and so renew add perfect .our fellowship before the throne of God and the Lamb, and in company,wmith all God's people. Amen. The Chairman having concluded his address, the Rev. Mr. Shlppherd moved, and Mr. Aikenhead seconded That tihe thanks of the meeting bhe given to the Rev. Mr. Laws for his valuable address, and that he be reqasted to allow Its publlea tion. The following report was read. , Report of Congregational Unionfor 1859-60. At the meeting of the Union, held last year at Green Ponds, the ]tov. Thes. Ilinney pro sided. The valuable address which he do livered on the oceesion was afterwards pub. lished. considerably enlarged. Whether the disdosslon of which it forms a part has pro duced any, and what, immediate' practical results elsewhere, does lot fall within the pro. vince of the Committee to report. But this we can state,-it has led some of, as to re examine principles long cherlshed-to prove their harmony with the genius of Christianity, and to rejoice that they permit as to recognise as brethren beloved all who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity ; 'to maninlin Chrisl tian .intercourse and to exchange tihe kindly olffices of Christian love with their., even though they man not adopt all our views of divine Irath,, nor adhere to our mode of religious worsnhlp, nor.receive our system of ecelusias. tic?a polty. :, Our. desire and aim ought over to be to speak the tIrth in love-to avow when needful what we understand to he the scriptrhal character of church government, but not to doe.christianize those who may dissent from as Tile more olosely, too, we investigate our prineciples, the more deeply are wo convinced of the importance of such re-unions as that which brings as together at this time. WYe reo pudlate all.leglslalorial functions. We asaume no authority over the churches.. Our simple purpose is by 'deliberation to strengthen each other's hands, and by mutual counsel and sympathy to encourage and help each oilither in the work to which we have put our hands, SIron sh neh n, so a sharpenetltn, s n rpeneth the oeuntenance of his friend i" and in the moral as in the socianl relation, It Is not good for man to ho alone. Isolathnt is weaknes, union power, ,and both the signs of the times and the position we occupy require that we possess this power in the highest attainalle degree. Acknowledging not the organization possessed .by other re;giuus, bodies, and thereby deprived of simaltnneousness of action, let our liberty demonstrate our unllty, and magifest our affeetltn. Let us always on deavor to exclude every sort of bitterness from our midst by cultivating that spirit that shall enable us fully to realiso, and those around us to aftrni, "how good and how pleasant it is for brethren, to dwell together In unity." The Comnlittee regret that the hope ex pressed in.the last report relative to the ulti mate success of the Southern Spectator has Sbeen disappolnted. A few months subsequent to oar last meeting the editor announced the ecesslty.ofstaying Its publlication. lMany of Its well wishers had previously felt that it serely met ilihe reqlurements of the colonies. and its comparatively hlghl price was detri mental to its extensive circulation. But as it was the only recognised organ of tile Congre gational denomination in hie Australian colo nies, and as a largo sum lhad boon devoted to Its establishment, we cannot hut feel that its want of succors snlbjucls us to some measure of reproach. The Conlmiteo at the same time only perform ai net of justice in acknowledging the earnest,. painstaking, and self-denying labors of the respected editor. From a casual remark made at the Green Ponde meeting lnastyuer, a eommlitec, con sIstling of ministers and breltroe from both sides of the Island, wee nominated tin consider the mutual relations of tiro northern and southern branches of the Colonial Mtislonary Soeiety, It was found, however, that tlme orm inlUeo was so on stituted as to render Iets maet. ling imptineteable, ald that to tae conductedo hidtliborations iy eorreesmonlorco wiuld teare bhee usatlsfailrtiry. Notling, thereforoe, was done, ntoi there is no report to make. SThile sulect of appropriating tle o monies he S?netlhcd hly the late Pllss atkhina to this tleon ?as re'erred to the onsiderAtion of the committee of tle past year, mie were to' report tO thes present mesitlg. Iliss Wntklns laving is eonneCion wide her onditional heqest dais. tilncly Indcticated Ilero edIrct an cduaitionnl ensclhetloaeeshoald he eondiue;eci on tile sicslos, husae acid properly whicichl bale taid peovloualy transffrred to this Uniot, tics Ounlmiltee, hle thleir deelibercalons, hlve oonlhly contemphleed tie practicabhlilty of itahllhlnl~a scahonl far ilte instruetlon of tle elhildreni ot nllsslonnrles. At a nesting of he eomeeclttee, April eels; It was resolved, '"Thftt the Reeds lessrs. hlIlrr f.el Iay, nnd messrs. flopkhls uanl WVoolle fosre a Sa.CiComneeittee to roecsider hlcow fur it may be prar tleahb to OjndUct an lnstltutlon In the, llilon Lodge, aided by blie Watkin'e legacies for the education of the children pf misleonaries, and to report to the generpl committee." This report, necompanied with plans for additions and alterations required on the premises to adapt them for the pur pose contemplated, was presented on Junie 10th, and was followed by this resolution : "That the Roy. W. Day be instructed to address a circular to missionaries in India and the South Seas, informing them that it is in contemplation to establish in Hobart ,Town an institution for tile education, of ministers' and missionaries' children, and to enquire whether they would be disposed to. place their children in the seminary,-and what number, supposing that the charge should not exceed the present expense of the education of missionaries' children in, England." At the next meeting of committee, when the circular prepared in at cordance with this resolution was pro-ee. sented, a letter .was read from the 1Rev. J. 1'. Sunderland, in which it was stated that the whole expense to', mis sionaries of educating their children in England, inclusive of clothing, &e.;, was yearly from £7 to £8 each child. This sum being much lower than was anticipated, it was found on calcnlation that we should require to contribute at least £15 for the maintenance of each child received into the institution. As this would necessarily in volve a heavy outlay1it was agreed- "Tilat the Reeods.Messrs. Mhiller, Clarke, and Day; form asub.committee to prepare a paper for the Conference at Adelaide, indi cating the views of this committee, and to enquire if the churches in the other colo nine will render pecuniary aid in carrying 'them out." The Committee have learned from their delegates -that the brethren present at the conference were not dis posed to take action on the subject, and as the time for holding this annual meeting drew near they have not prepared any other sug gestion for appropriating the said legacies. The Australian Congregational Conference to which allusions have been made was held at Adelaide in the beginning of November last The delegates from this Union were the Rev. \V. 'Law, appointed by the Conference in the place of the liev. G. Clarke, who could not conveniently leave home at the time, and Mr. Hopkins. Beyond the verbal reports of these brethren the Committee have received no in telligence of the business that was transacted. Theyrgret the apparent rent remissness on this oc casion, nas at the former Conferences a digest of the proceedings was officially prepared and published for genoueral information. The Committee have to congratulate the members of the Union on the successful pass ing through the Legislature of the now Mar riage Law, by which the main invidious dis tinctions that existed between the State en dowed and other ministers have been removed from the Statuto.book. The learned Attor ney-General manifested groat interest and took much pains in respect to the Act, and kindly revised the affidavits required by the Act, which a Sub- Committeahad prepared. lDuring tie present meetings several topies of in important practical character will be brought under consideration, especially those which bear on the spiritual interests of children who have been baptized among us, and the present aspect of vital- godliness, more imme diately in connection with the great awaken ings that have taken place in America, Ire land, and elsewhere. Long accustomed to the slow and almost imperceptible progress of Cihrist's causeo-satisfied often if at brief inter vals a few additlons were made to tite number of believers, we affect surprise and indulge strange suspicions on hearing of other series of events, which; however rare now, were prohably of frequent occnrrenca in the early history of the Christian Church. Allowing that some objectionable things do accompany. the manifestations of an anxious spirit, enough still remains to bespeak tihe presence and power of God. He has choseon his own time and place, and mode, to answer the prayers of his people, and to show that he has neot forgotten to be gracious. And whyshould not we partake of tihe blessing ? Why should not the spirit be poured out on the Churches of Cihrist il this land, and on the people among whom they are planted ? It cannot he because we are straitened in God. Hi-s hand is not shortened that it cannot save here, nor his car heavy that it cannot hear. -Does not the ob stacle exist in ourselves ? . Have we stirred up ourselves to lay hold upon God? Have we been fully alive to the necessity of culti vating an intelligent deep-toned active piety a growing intense sympathy with God-an earnest, self-denying zeal for the extension of his cause ? Brethron, let us re-examino our hearts t let us take careful heed to our waysr let us remember tihe important relations which as Christian men we sustain to all around us, and while.we cease not to pray to God for men, let us be faithful in pleading with men for God. Bly the union of praying and working, we may anticipate the desired re suit. "God be merciful to us and bless as, and cause His frca to shine upon us, that Thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among nil nations. Save now we beseech Thee O Lord ;0 Lord we beseech Thee seud now prosperity." MIr. Walch moved, and Mr. Jennings seconded That the report be adopted and received. On the suggestion of Mr. Miller, it was agreed that tile sulbJect ofappropriating the legacies of nliss Watkins be the first for discussion this afternoon. In accordance withl this resolution, at the resumed sitrings at 3 o'clock a discus sion on tihe topic took plhce,wltich resulted in the adoption of tile following resolutiou, moved by the lev. F. Miller, and seconded by ?lr. Hlopkins Tlhat this Assembly recommends that men. sures he forthwith adopted by the committer to form an institution for training young men for the ministry attho Mlission Lodge in Hbart Town I or, if such measures be tound imprac ticable, to establish a school on the promises until such an intitution can be erganlsed, and that the funds available, as well as those now in hand as the result of ilsf Watkins' legacy be applied to tihe purpose. The Rev. \V. Law as delegate reported the proceedings of the Conference at Ado laide. bloved by Rev. F. Miller, seconded by Mr. lHoplkins That the Secretary be instructed to write to the lioe. Mr. Evan to request that n published report of the COJference proceedings be trans mitted to this Union. The Rev. F. Miller closed the day's business with prayer. i The session was resumed on Wednesday nmortning at 10 o'clock. 'The propriety of Ilsing but otne hymur book in tihe con/re gationrs was eonsidered, and a resolution proprosed by Rov. Ctharles Price, and scountrded by Mr. Pscnodd 'That this Union recommends to the churches of tits colony thie nuoption of tile New Con gregational lIIl n Bnok ns soon as convenient. A discussion was raised on thie subject of trarining youlig irert for tile minlstry. iThe senltimtents of thie mtetlrbers woero very fiuly explrcssed; and nt in later period of tile d y tile bfollotving resolution was adopted: Moved by thie lev. C. Price, seconded by Mr. Gles- Thrat it e a recommendation to the Caon mitten in orrder to eutry out thie rerolutlor passed by this Union yestlerday, thIll the 1(ev. W\\. Dy bo sppolnteod. Principal, and Mrr PR. E. Dear, nesident Tutor of the Institution, at Hobart Town, for the education of young menfor the ministry. This subject was followed by that if missions on the northern side of the island, and the importance of occupying some of the principal towns of the colony by Con gregatlonal ministers. No formal iresolu tion, however, was passed in lelation to it. T'ho meeting was adjourned at itlif-past 12 o'clock, and resumed at 3 o'clock, Rev. Mr. M?athisotn spoke on lay agency, in connection withl Ithe topic which closed the morning meet ing. The subject of Revivals of Religion was afterwards taken up and a variety of important suggestions were thrown out with the view, if possible, of eliciting a general spirit of inquiry and anxicty. This led tio Rev. C. Price to move, and the Rev. J. WV. Shippherd to second That thie Rev. F. Miller he requested to prepare a short tract addressed to tite churclces of this colony on the subject of religious revivals t and that the ministers belonging to this Union be recommended to preach on the same subject on the last Sab- - bath in March. On the motion of Rev. Mr. Mathison, seconded by Mr. Geiss, 2000 copies of the tract are to be printed for general distribu tion. . The fifth role having been anuspended, tihe Secretary moved, and the Rev. C. Price seconded Thnt"tho`edfeftivo committee of the past year boyrti-elected, with. the addition of Messrs. Walch arid Golss, anod that the deacons of tihe Congregational churches in the colony, non-resident in Hobart Totwn, be. cr o icio, invited to attend, when practi cable, tid meetings of the committe. A subsequent resolution re.appointed the Treasurer and the Secretary; and on a bal lot being taken, the Rev. WV. Waterfleld was elected chairman of the next annual meeting to be held in HIobart Town. The Treasurer's statement having been read, the Rev. Messrs. Shippherd and Mil ler respectively moved and seconded a resolution acknowledging the kindness of the friends in Launceston in their recep tion of the delegates, to which the Chair man responded, and the proceedings closed by singing and prayer. 