SOFALA. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] THE election for a member to represent the Gold-fields West took place here, and at the other polling places throughout the electorate, on Wednesday last. There were two candidates in the field, our late member, Mr. Wisdom, and Mr. Farnell the rejected of St. Leonard's. From the very first it was evident that Mr. Farnell did not stand the ghost of a chance of being elected, his only supporters being some relatives of his own, the Messrs. Pidding of Wattle Flat, and a few of their friends. Indeed it was with difficulty that the requisite number of six electors could be obtained at the nomina- tion to demand a poll for Mr. Farnell. It is now gen erally believed, and it has in fact been acknowledged by some of them, that Mr, Cumming's friends, dreading the defeat of that gentleman for East Macquarie, if the miners were allowed to go to the poll in force, instigated the opposition to Mr. Wisdom for the express purpose of inducing the electors to reserve their votes for that gentleman, the last Electoral Act prohibiting them to vote for the Gold-fields member, if they have previously voted for any other electorate situated within the limits of the gold-fields. The stratagem was in a great measure successful, Mr. Cummings being enabled by the manœuvering of his friends to secure his election and no more. Had it not been for the opposition to the gold-fields member, Mr, Cummings would certainly have been defeated. The greatest exertions were made by Mr. Wisdom's friends to bring his supporters to the poll, every procurable vehicle and saddle horse in the town being in requisition for the purpose. Owing, however, to the election for East Macquarie having taken place a few days previously, and the majority of the electors about Sofala, having voted thereat, Mr. Wisdom's return being always considered beyond a doubt, the number of votes polled was not so great as might have been expected from the great num- ber of electors resident in this locality. Had there been no election for East Macquarie, Mr. Wisdom would have polled at least 700 or 800 votes on the Turon. The same causes will no doubt dimish [sic] the number of votes recorded at the various other polling places in the elec- torate. The elections for Carcoar, East and West Mac quarie, Orange, Wellington, Mudgee, &c.;, all of which are within the limits of the Western gold-fields, have absorbed by far the greater number of the gold- fields electors. Had these elections not taken place be fore that for the gold-fields, the number of votes that Mr. Wisdom would have received, would have been somewhere about 2000, As it was no apathy was shown, indeed every one who possessed a vote came to record it —many of them a distance of 20 miles. One individual, who had come ten miles on foot to vote for Mr. W, un- fortunately forgot to bring his miner's right with him ; but, determined not to be beaten, he returned home on foot to procure it, refusing with disdain the offer of a horse, and was back just in time to re- cord his vote. Nearly 200 votes were lost at Sofala alone, through persons neglecting to bring their miners' rights with them, and through various in- formalities connected with the annual renewal of tin business licenses and minors' rights. This having been the first contested election on these gold- fields, these matters are perhaps excusable; but it is to be hoped that on future occasions the electors will not suffer themselves to be disfranchised through their own care- lessness. The result at the election, as far as known, is, for Wisdom 316, for Farnell 15 votes. The returns from seven polling places have come in. At six of these not a single vote was given for Farnell ; the 15 which be has so far obtained having been recorded for him at Sofala. The returns from Tuena, Stoney Creek, Burren, dong, and Merrendee, have yet to come; but at all these places Mr. Wisdom is sure to have the majority ; and whether or not, the result of the election cannot now be altered. Giving Mr. Farnell the benefit of all the votes that will be recorded at the above places, he would still be upwards of two hundred votes behind. Mr. Wisdom left Sofala this morning by mail, en route for Bathurst and Sydney. A number of his friends accompanied him on horseback as far as Wattle Flat, bearing a banner in front, and having their steeds gaily decorated with the colours of the successful candidate. The cavalcade was loudly cheered as it passed through Sofala and Wattle Fiat. Having arrived at the end of Wattle Flat, the horsemen drew up in line alongside the road, and, as Mr. Wisdom passed, gave three times three and one cheer more—such cheers as made the woods ring again. Mr. Wisdom has every reason to feel proud of the heartfelt and enthusiastic reception be met with, both on the Turon and wherever be went throughout the gold-fields. His almost unanimous return is a strong testimony to the faithfulness with which he dis- charged his duties to his constituents as a member of the last Parliament. It also shows unmistakably that no person who is not thoroughly and stanchly liberal has any chance of being elected by so energetic and in- telligent a body of men as are the miners of the Western districts. December 22. 