News and Notes. The County Court will open this morning at ten o'clock. A list of cases will be found in another column. His Excellency Sir R. Macdonnell, the Governor of South Australia, ar- rived in Ballarat on Friday, and on Saturday proceeded with Mr. Bland to Clunes and went over the works of the Port Phillip Company there, descend- ing the mine, and inspecting the whole of the excellent plant of the company. His Excellency returned to Ballarat the same day, and, accompanied by the Resident Warden, the Superintendent of Police, and several other gentlemen, made a tour of inspection of the gold field of Ballarat proper, visiting the site of the Eureka Stockade, where some members of his escort pointed out the line of approach of the troops on the fatal Sunday morning, and the locale of the operations generally. Other portions of our mining grounds were also visited, and the party then proceeded to Sebastopol, where his Excellency descended the shaft of the Albion Company and inspected the works there, returning subsequently to Ballarat and visiting the Theatre Royal. His Excellency left for Mel- bourne on Sunday. About nine o'clock on Saturday night, as Mr. Fouracre, manager in the employ of Mr Adam Roxburgh of the Warrenheip Brewery, was proceeding from Ballarat to Warrenheip, he was stuck up by two men about two miles from here and pulled off his horse, beat, and very nearly strangled him. One of the robbers held him while the second deprived him of £27 and a valuable gold watch, with which they decamped. When somewhat reco- vered from the effects of the treat- ment he received from the ruffians, he found his horse about 200 yards in advance of him, which he mounted, and on reaching home he narrated the circumstance of the robbery, when two persons rode in to Ballarat and reported the matter to the police. It seems that for some time a mis- understanding has existed between Mr Woolley, a sub-contractor on the rail- way, and the persons who supply him with sleepers, so much so that wood- splittenrs and others interested in the matter have held several meetings on the subject. On Saturday last an individual named Grainger, who alleges that Mr Woolley is in- debted to him in the sum of £14, was seen on horseback in the neighborhood of Corduroy, looking for that gentleman. Having learned that he had proceeded to Ballarat, thither he bent his horse's head, and on the way he met Mr Lazarus, of the firm of Lazarus & Levinger, and a friend of his who were riding on a car. He came hehind the car; made par- ticular enquiries for Mr Woolley; took a double barrel dagger pistol out of his coat pocket and discharged one of the barrels, to the great consternation of Mr Lazarus and his friend, who re- monstrated with him upon his conduct, when he used very threatening language respecting Mr. Woolley, which induced Mr. Lazarus to give him into custody on his arrival in Ballarat. The second barrel of the pistol was loaded with ball,, and on his person was found a quantity of ammunition to the extent of five or six rounds. He will be brought before the Bench at the Eastern Police Court this morning. Some time ago we alluded to sundry freaks which had been perpetrated on the peaceable inhabitants of Bunin- yong by certain fast young gentlemen in the locality. Sergeant Smith, act- ing on information received from the landlord of the Nugget Hotel, sum- moned four persons before the police magistrate on Saturday last. When the proprietor of the Hotel was called to prove the case, he denied that he had given the Sergeant any informa- tion on the subject, although the latter called a constable to prove the contrary. The result was that the defendants were discharged, but not without a suitable admonition from the bench to take care as to their ways in future. On the 13th instant, a miner of five years experience on Ballarat, proceeded to the Snowy River Diggings, and has obligingly given us the result of his visit. The route he adopted was by Twofold Bay, and he states that the locality, has anything but the appear- ance of a permanent gold field. Those miners who were early at the rush, and who took up claims on the creek there were doing well, where the sinking va- ried from 3 to 16 feet. About a mile of ground along the creek was highly auriferous, but in the other parts the gold was not found in paying quanti- ties, and the result was, that over 100 persons were leaving every day. The weather was not so cold as our inform- ant had seen it stated in some of the newspapers, but a thick fog occasion- ally concealed distant objects from view, and one day it remained on the mountain, until two o'clock in the afternoon. Provisions were getting plentiful, flour being sold at 8d per lb, sugar at 9d, and all other things in proportion. Mining tools were selling at an "alarming sacrifice," and these articles could now be pur- chased as cheap there as on Ballarat. Our informant further states that the telegrams which are circulated respect-ing the extraordinary richness of the locality, in this and the adjacent co-lonies, are the work of storekeepers and publicans. The nearest station is that of Mr Russell, which is twelve miles, distant, and it would be an im- possibility to remain there during the winter months. The mountains are very steep, and composed of granite; and if there was a possibility of making anything reasonable, our informant, who returned from the locality on Thursday last, would have remained there. He strongly advises the miners on Ballarat to give up all idea of pro- ceeding to the locality. The following application for a mining lease in this district; appears in the last Gazette. Thomas Robinson and others (Cosmopolite Company) for a five years' lease of 100 x 80 yards of quartz reef on Boxing Reef, Steiglitz, £1000 to be invested. About six o'clock on Friday mor- ning the Star Hotel, on the Main road, had a very narrow escape from destruc- tion by fire. It seems that a servant girl, who had been staying at the hotel, got up early in the morning for the purpose of proceeding per coach to Melbourne, and that she had a lighted candle to assist her when making her toilet. Having lost a bracelet, she took the candle, to look for the article, and it is supposed that while thus employed she must have set fire to the bed clothes, for on looking behind her she saw them in a blaze. Having given the alarm the persons in the house proceeded to extinguish the flames, which they did successfully, but not before the bed clothes and bedding were partially consumed, as well as the paper and lining on the walls, and a portion of the shingle roof. Altogether, the escape was a very nar- row one. Sunday was a hot-wind day of the most unmistakeable character, and so late in the season seemed a little "out of joint." The absence of rain is again felt to be a great evil, and several of our mining companies have already expended the little water caught from the last rain, and are now idle in consequence. There was a meeting of the two municipal councils on Saturday, when it was resolved that a quarter acre of the Swamp, near the filter, basins, should be cleared 18 inches deep, so as to afford a freer and purer run of water into the basins. It was also resolved to add to the filter beds a mass of charcoal, so as to increase the purity of the water before entering the pipes. The Chairman of Ballarat West mentioned the proposed scheme of water supply to the district, and suggested that the matter, as resolved on by the local bodies meeting, should be reopened, so as to secure a valua- tion of the municipal water rights and such a number of shares in the pro- posed company as would represent the amount set on the municipal water rights by valuation. The meeting did not consider it necessary to re- open the matter, and after a little more conversation the proceedings closed. A report of the business done will be found in another column. Late on Friday night the police authorities on Ballarat were informed that an indecent assault had been com- mitted on a little girl about 11 years of age, at Mount Doran, and from the injuries which the child sustained that death had ensued. Two men were alleged to have been the perpetrators of the outrage. On Saturday morning Mr Superintendent Winch forwarded instructions to Sergeant Smith, of Buninyong, to inquire into the matter, and on the same day a mounted trooper was despatched to Mount Doran, but he was unable to trace the report to any reliable source. Every person in the locality had heard of the occurrence, and the matter was the topic. of conversation among the navvies engaged on the railway works in that locality. The landlord of the hotel at Mount Doran was the first who informed the police of the circum- stance, but he was only told it by others, and thus the matter rests for the present. The police at Corduroy were also informed of the transaction, but they, as well as the force at Bun- inyong, treat the matter as an idle rumor. A great deal has been said and written respecting the negotiations which for some time have been going on in connection with the Ballarat and Geelong Railway works, and we are assured that the various rumors which have been afloat, whilst containing a small modicum of truth, are far from being correct. The negotiations al- luded to were not completed until on or about the beginning of the last week, when an amicable arrangement was come to by the parties connected with the works, by which Messrs Evans, Merry & Co are to receive a money consideration and give up their contract to Messrs Williams & Little, who will carry on the works in future, and we are assured will increase the number of men on the line, and push on the works with increased vigor. On Saturday last the prizes awarded, to the exhibitors at the late agricul- tural show were handed over to the recipients at Bath's hotel. Those who preferred money to medals had their wishes gratified, and several of those to whom prizes were awarded failed to put in an appearance at all. The Buninyong Telegraph states that "Sergeant Smith, late of the Whim Holes, has been appointed sergeant in charge at Buninyong, in the room of Sergeant Harvey, dis- missed." Another proof, says the Argus, of the success of Mr Edward Wilson's praiseworthy endeavors to stock the Yarra with English fish, was caught on Friday. It is a finely developed though juvenile bream, about four inches in length. Its plump form, beautiful color and altogether healthy appearance, would delight the eye of any angler. The Geelong Advertiser says, the Venerable Archdeacon Stretch being about to leave the colony by the ship Owen Glendower, a meeting of friends and parishioners was convened for Thursday evening at half-past seven o'clock, in St. Paul's School, to present the reverend gentleman with a parting address. Indifferent health of himself and his family is, we understand, the cause of the Archdeacon's visit to the old country. The operatic season at the Theatre Royal closed on Saturday night, when the opera of "Lacrezia Borgia" was performed with success before a crowded house, the performance being for the benefit of Mr Farquharson, who sang a la Mr Parry, by way of interlude between the opera and the after piece. Mr Farquharson was encored in his song and the repeat was followed by another encore, which was responded to by the falling of the cur- tain. At the close of the opera Signor and Signora Bianchi and Mr Farqu- harson were called before the curtain, and Mr Hoskins, in response to a sim- ilar call, also made his bow and a short speech to the audience. The after piece consisted of an allegorical tableaux, very well got up, and gar- nished moreover with divers national songs, in which Miss Harland, Miss M. Clifford, Signor Grossi, Mr O'Brien, Mr Walsh and Mr Benjamin took part, the finale being "God.Save the Queen," during the singing of which the audience stood, not a few also joining in the anthem. The whole entertainment was well got up, and was well received. This evening, a Shakespearian season will be inau- gurated by the appearance of Mr and Mrs Heir, as Hamlet and Ophelia, in the play of "Hamlet," Mr Hoskins enacting the Ghost, O'Brien the King, and Mrs Ray the Queen, supported by a good cast for the other characters. We need not remind our readers that Shakespeare, in Mr Hoskin's hands, will be treated lovingly, and with minute attention to all the niceties of managerial precedent, and that the dramatic season to be begun to-night will therefore not fail to be worthy the patronage of those who can appreciate the well acted plays of "the immortal bard." 