LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Saturday, June 9, 1860. CASH TRADE AND LOW PRICES. FtnoM time time to time e have called attention to the subject of a cash trade. It can't be done is no reply here any more than in England, where it has been done in the face of competing credit opposition. Mr. Budgett, whose memoir is written by Mr. Arthur, was an eminent example of successfully conducting a cash business. lie gave away largo sums every year for religious and benevolent purposes, but still tile store increased, and from a re tail dealer in a low neighborhood, his firm became one of the most extensive wholesale concerns in Bristol. lIe bought for cash and sold for cash, and therefore had not to sigh and cry over bad ordishonoured bills. We commend the following extract to all who either sell or buy : Tile modern history of Eurspe, apart from all other branches of experience, abundantly testifies to the value of Mr flndgett's.favor. Ito principle, All nations have not been so reckless as our own and our American cousins t and well for them in the days ot their trial that they have not. An able writer on commerce states: "If we begin with Iolland, we find that bargains in that country were, In its better days, almost always made for ready money, or for so short a date as six weeks or two months. Profits wore small in their ratio, but the quickness of returns snade them eventually large. Fuailures were rare oven in so distressing an era as the occupation of their country by the Frenchl, which began in 170t, and involved fromt the outset a stop. page of maritime intercourse with all their pcasessions in India and America, T' he consequence of thil stoppago was a decay of trade, a suspension of various undertaking-, a searcity of work, a miserable dulness is the 'sale of goods,'-all leading lin the first Instancte to diminisll income and ovontually to eonroach on capital. But amidst this distress the failures wcre surprisingly few fewer, indeed, than occur in Britain in any ordinary season. Another example, equally replete with instruction, was the state of France after tile double invasion of 1814 and 1815\. There prevailed at that time sa general dlsconragclentt among tile npper ranks and a great deal of wretchedness among the lower, trade being at a stand and stocks of goods lying unsold in shops or warelhouses for years ; still bankruptcy was exceedingly rare. All this shaows what a satisfactory prospect we may anticipate, when we adopt the plan of transacting the greater part of our business for ready money.' When we contrast these instances of com parative security amid frightful national convulsions, with wllhat we have all seen of the panic times which overtake us every now and then in the midst of national tran quility, it is enough to drive every man who hates whatever breeds wretchedness to ro gard the debtor and creditor system with downright animosity. Were we to be in vaded, were we to have a revolution, were any such disaster to befal our nation as has befallen others, who can contemplate the ruin which would accrue in every town throughout tihe country ? One of your great men of the 'city, one wiho figured in some of the most famous of its financial feats, who lived and died worth his thousands and tens of thousands, was at the fireside of a friend when a cheerful little girl was bidding good night : "Alh ' ex claimed tihe man of stores and cares, "she has got no return bills to think upon." He did not expect to go to bed so blithely; there was a load upon lhis heart-return bills to ha sure I And of those well dressed, well looking, intelligent, energetic men who teem towards all the metropolitan termini between four and five o'clock every after noon in hot haste from tlie city, not a few are carrying upon their hearts that same dull load, return bills. Many, when they come home, instead of enjoying their leisure housr,are smarting undertile ilarass of return bills ; many a one, when he asks tis daugh ter to play and sing, is only seeking rolief from the necessity of talking that he may muse at leisure on his return bills. Many a one who goes out to spend the evening, wishes the party was at Nova Zembla, for hi1s head is pestered with return bills. Many none, when a friend calls to. spend an hour, wishes he was at the antipodes, for he has enough to think about with his return bills. Many a one who dances because he has promised to be at the bill, seems at every stop to awake a rustling of return bills. Many a man who has his eye seem ingly upon a book, is studying the unlove able literature of return bills. Masuy a one who is wont to go to tile week evening ser vice, and there to find one hour of spiritual quiet amid a week of worldly din, can hardly biring himself to go, his thoughts are so harassed by those return bills. Many aman who is in his pew on Sunday, hears neither prayer, nor iymn, nor sermon ; his lorn mind is chased round dingy counting houses haunted by return bills. Of old times, ghosts, fairies, brownies, witches, and such tribulations were familiar to all mon in their struggles. These have disappeared; but our counting houses have a new raco of revenants,-bills, which were seen out of the world and were counted as dead, suddenly reappear and must be laid before there can be peace. Not a day passes over us but these modern goblins strike a chill to some hearts, sour tempers, spoil appetites, rende husbands unwilling totell ol nah home,fathters pensive as their children 3laugh, masters irritable; make the peevish scold, tile wicked swear, and the good man lilt up his heart to God with the prayer men pray in time of trouble. Wllat a leak is at soea, wllhat a mine is under a fort, what a Ileart disease is In tihe frame,-that is the system of bill-bubble it trade. And yet sensible, solvent men, with homes to.cheer and n country to serve, will go on encouraging and practising that preposterous torment. One ihas seen children build up a little fabric of cardboard and call it a ilose, and keep it up as long as they could ; but down it came. and they did not take it to heart. But it is quite another sight to see men, not children, bu ild up a structure of paper and then call it " a house t" not a plaything house, but a serious house, for people to buy and sell in and to trust to for a shlelter from the tempests of of misfortune ;-to see tllem rear a whsole row of thesea paper ",houses," building one on the end of another so tllat if one fall all fall, and seriously persuading themselves and their wives and children that these make-believe sheds are "'houses" to spend thelr lives in. It is a quaint, half lunatic sort of exhibition ; but It mingles the sad with tile comical when some jolt capsizes one of the paper piles asd down rustles tie whole row ; wile the builders, unlike the children who counted on the tumbling of their structure, take it mightily to heart. John Bull and Jonathan between them have a very mischievous propensity to set up these paper " houses" and delude people into trusting them. They have over and over again seen what a shsocking sort of game it is, and how misery and wretched. sness come out of it ; but all in vain,-tlhey go oil, and are likely to do, in spite of any little sorrow we may utter upon tihe subject. Wllich of the two is worse it is hiard to say, though John lays great blame on Jonathan a:d says lihe builds Iis ihouses far hligher, putting on six or even nine stories, whlichl John thinks quite too much. But it is no busine-s of ours to arbitrate between them ; thley are both foolish and misclievous, whlic is tle more so is little matter. But they had better, both of them, take warning in time and cease to play at Ilazard, laying tie hiappiness of families and tie equanimity of nations as tile stake. The now merchants who rose so rapidly, and to their neigltbors so unaccountably, at Kingswood Illl, were never thaunted with return bills. 'I hey were never travelling in the dark, liable suddenly to meet an appari lione tlht would bring tlem to a stand. Thlley always know where they were m"nd whither they were going. They hIad, not looked upon a hundred pounds as paid when it turned out that they had it to pay. Tloey had not to sacrifice the profits made by fifty honest men to cover tile loss made by one rogue: they had not to look to fifty sensible men to pay a loss occasioned by one fool. Tlley had not to ponder which were safe bills and which were risky ones ; they Ilad no bills at all. They had not to study what were good debts and what bad debts ; they had no debts at alL Vast as their transac tions were, a petty loss of forty or fifty pounds was quite nt event, a crisis whiicl set the whole staff in motion as if tiheir honor were tarnished. It is one distinctive beauty of the credit system that honest men iave to pay for the articles bought by rogues, and wise nlen for tlhe articles bought by fools. The merchant, of course, must make a pirofit on the whole, antid he has no alternative but to chargo John and 'T'honlas for tie coat whiclh Hloratio brught and did not pay for. I eonfoss It seels ito me that Johni and Thomas Ilad better not be taxed tirus. If Iloratio needs a coat pirovided by otler people lie hIad bet tor say so and comne by it honestly, ratiser, Iha steal a piece by aid of the merchant fromn ose neighbour and another, and so mnake up a fine garment at tbeir expense. Jolhn and Thomas are very much wronged, and I defy the merehant to prose that lie Is not tise accomplle of Horatio in defraudihlg tIlels To advantolage of a trade based oit cash instead of on credit to thle comfort and luralrly of tile nation s is Incalculable. Ciredit does occasionally enable a man of eeorgy to take a position he could not else, have taken; but for one to whom it proves a substantial benefit it allures thousands to uninterrupted trouble, and a whole spawn of unfair practices owe their existence to it alone. The credit system ought to be ex ploded. lcn ought to be trained to place themselves in accord with their circum stances, to overcome dlflleultles not by artifice but by labor. Fantmlles ought not to e exposed to live in uncertainty as to heother the bread they eat is their own. The hooest and the apt should not be mulcted to the amount of the frauds and waste of those who reject principle or lack sense. The'commerce of the nation ought not to rest on a hollow foundation, liable at every pressure to collapsed. It was one of Mr. Budgett's leading desires that the example of their firm might induce many to place their trade on a sound footing, and thus" the national happiness would be ad vanced. This was his work of patriotism, and a more valuable service he could not have done to the state ; much, better than if he had been a great speaker at corpora tion meetings and a great man among the legislators of his own circle. A more con clusive proof that success is possible on a system virtually of cash payment could not be afforded than that found in his own case, You may talk of impossibility as you please, but no impossibility can confront you- which did not confront them. Tihe thing has been done; therefore it can be 'done; 