BALLARAT COUNTY COURT. Monday, 6th February. (Before His Honor Judge Sogers.) UNDER £50. Cathbert r Bartholomew; action by trus tees of the Buninyong -Gold. Mining Com pany on an acceptance by defendant, a member of the Excelsior Company. His Honor now gave judgment for the plaintiff, saying the case was one of exception to the general lav of partnership, as the facts showed the acceptances were totally distinct transactions from the partnership. Costs, JE3 Ss. The same judgment and costs were given in each of the following cases. Roxburgh and another v Willard, £30 6s on an acceptance; Mr Randall for plaintiff; verdict for plaintiff with costs. Berigen v with costs. Clarke v Wilks, £22 10s 6d, cartage; Mr M'Dermott for plaintiff; de fendant denied several of the items of account rendered,-and several of the allegations made by plaintiff as to the work done, bat his evidence was given in such a manner as led the judge to say he did not believe him; verdict for plaintiff with costs, £6 19s -4d. Slater v Patrick, £45 10s Id, go6ds; Mr Randall for plaintiff; verdict for plaintiff with costs. Slater v Naomi Ambrose, £-,goods; Mr Randall for plaintiff; defendant, a widow, admitted the debt; His Honor pointed oat that the affidavit of service said service was made on " the wife of Nehemiah Ambrose," and such reckless swearing should be stopped. Plaintiff nonsuited therefore. Adams v Worley.-£23 value of a horse sold, but which died before payment Mr Holmes for plaintiff, Mr M'Dermott for de fendant. Plaintiff stated that the borse was sold for £11 lis to defendant, who took the animal away, and subsequently sent it back to plaintiff's place, where it fell down in exhaustion and soon gave up the ghost. His Honor suggested ana plaintiff consented to accept £5 by way-of compromise, bat defen dant refused, saying he had nothing to do with the horse except as agent to the hirer, in whose' hands it got the ill-treatment it re ceived. The case, which was foil of kangaroo hunting and publicans, then went on, and ended in a verdict for £2 and costs of the lower jurisdiction. Martin v Anslow.-£23 2s 6d money paid for a horse under warrant. Mr Randall for defendant. Plaintiff stated^ that he bought and paid for the horse under guarantee that she would poll a ton; dhe turned out a rank jibber; defendant admitted the fact, but plaintiff could not get his money back, wherefore he eued for the money paid and for £5 loss of time. It appeared that the defendant had given a better warranty than his principal authorised. Mr Randall pro duced a rather "hossy" witness, who gave evidence that the judge said he would not believe, and Mr Randall therefore gave up the case.- Verdict for plaintiff with costs. Finnigan v Wittkowski Brothers.-£40, amount of money promised by defendants to plaintiff for saving gold and other valuables at the late fire, to the loss of her own clothes and risk of her own life. Mr M Darmott for plaintiff, Mr Cutbbert for defendants. Plaintiff deposed that she was defendants' I housekeeper at the lime of the .late fire, and when the fire broke out Joseph Wittkowski said to-her, "Save the money, and I will give" you double the value of your trunk." The j money had.been put ia the stable, and she left off rescuing her own trunk, and went and polled out two bags of gold, cish box, an i notes to the value of £4000 or £5000. At the very lowest calculation her own trunk was worth £20. A portion. of her dress caught fire as she was rescuing the gold. She dragged the box with the gold and money to a place of safety and kept by it till Jjseph Wittkowski came. He was profuse in his acknowledgments, and Baid she had saved them from ruin; but when.she reminded them of their promise, Isidore said they were too poor to fulfil the promise, and Joseph ?aid if she^fcad assisted to find the lost nug gets they might have fulfilled their promise. Cross-examined-Never said to Miss Hud son jtbat I had no recollection of defendants making the promise in question. Scarcely think it possible I could have said so. The money was not handed to me, I took it out myeelf and put it in my trunk and threw out some of my things to make room for it. I did noi see defendant carrying out the mosey to the stable,- No one assisted me to drag out the trunk. I asked defendant to raise my wages from £1 to 1 6s per week. I offered to take £10 and an increase of salary to £16a. I was not impertinent to him. William Gra ham, one of the jurymen at the coroner's in queston the fire, deposed that one of defend stated that.they had promised to give plaintiff what she had said. Cross- examined -1 believe defendant stated »I promised to 8*velier donble her loss if : she would save the money." Cannot recollect the precise Don't recollect if he said "If you will/take tijU money." The defence was u n had been requested to fai" charge of the money it si particular moment, whan she refused, and defendants werf i;»> iTJt himself mto plaintiffs tronV irfll '11'^ ^wldAeppssdttat he was TO8hing toe voney zn his tmd*, and wft S dragging put bat Crunk; He saidV^ ie&ye; jouitruak.and take my monPxfl^ 3"\i WSw* u lost 1 «u doable what itu wojrth." She refcOT? and he helped to drag the trunk0Dt yard and put the money into it. s shopman afterwards toplainOff forihen» and She ?&re; up all but one bu,X S ?uotes. ^werfagMd.^piainj^^8^ -did r not know these was another, as ;t coveted iip by the clothes. Kate B»a deposadthat plaintiff tottfaer eheh»S some of her beat dresses, and tW r thought defeudaais would five her nnH, though #hetad .heard that defendant wouldgiye her something. Elieha Cohen plaintiff had stated she would not t*k, *£* defendants Jhad offered her nnlaag jjj.- ^*1 herwages.?; ms Honor said hewouliS upon Judge May's precedent,"and act ass* trafcor between the parties if theyconJS' though he was prepared to deoide ei Jur »«?. There was no doubt great exnt&rZ; at the time, and hende the various stetemTf made. No doubt the girl had rendered^? valuable services. Mr M<DermotTl2 accessed the Court m reply on the caT^ HjjnOr said the weight of credibflitv i? plaintiff^ favor. She had lost £25 bHu, was o«ly one per oent. on the propmttaJ Verdict, therefore, for plaintiff for £25 costs £8 4s. ' Moholle v Ellis, £26, rent. MrB»nd«II for plaintifij Mr M'Dermott for dsfendsnt The defendant denied the claim, and iJl occupied the house simply to work out a Jo,, plaintiff owed him. Could find Geon» ,nj Anne Harris to prove it if the case were post, poned. Oonld not remember when the moan? waB lent, nor how mack, tent him mm at several times, but could not remember of the (nine, but it was £11 in alL EEs HonT ewd he believed the plaintiff. Terdict fa plaintiff witbcostB, his Honor saying Hut ff a miness (Dassett) for plaintiff had lien more clear in his evidence of defendants »j. mission of thB debt, he would have directed» prosecution for peijury against the debt, dant. Dent v National Bank, £23, money lodged in the bank to. plaintiffs credit. Mr M'Da. matt for plaintiff, Mr Bandall for defend,,^ Mr M'Dermott.stated that plaintiff bang (j difficulties had made an assignment to ha creditors, and the money sued . fw was at that - time lodged to credit. There ms a, sum * of £jj due to the-bank. Mr Bandall-Oh, gw that is all we ask. -That is our set-off. Jfr M'Dermott-Yea, but there was nothing d» to the bank when it was lodged; and oor. over, the deed of assignment acted as ardent, Mr Bandall objected to tbedeedasdefectwdp signed by some of the parlies, and as impro. perly setting forth defendants as th« "Ac tional Bank," instead of "The NationtlBuk of Australasia." Mr M'Dermott contended that as three-fourtlis in ralue of the creditoa having executed the deed the bank was bond by the deed. His Honor held that though the bank could not sue it had the right detainer over money in possesion. Hr M'Dermott pursued hirargument and pointed out how the 27th sec. ofthe Act gave spots not given by the 23rd, though inaccurately reciting " a deed aforesaid," which had so existence judging by the subsequently rented provisions His Honor said the statute wh most inaccurately worded, and if the sign* ture of three-fourths was proved, be would consider thB point raised by plaintiff's waned. Plaintiff was then examined and cross examined on the deed, and it appealed tint the sums dne to several subscribere vera illegible or had never been entered. Ha Honor thought plaintiff's counsel would net be able to get over that .difficulty, lb M'Dermott would call plaintiff's attomey.Mr Cuthbect, who .-.would pro^e the sums were entered iu ponoil. It then transpired tint there had been some addition made to the deed since exeoution by the plaintiff; and & Honor rnled that until re-delivery of the deed it could not be received in evidence. Mr M'Dermott submitted that the deed wooldbe sdmissable by way of equitable defence to «n aotion, and should therefore be admitted is evidence then. His Honor did aoteoosnr. Terdict for defendant without oosts, Iregg r Longmore, £43 4s work and labor; £6 had been paid Into Court. Mr Catubert for plaintiff, Mr M'Dermott for defendant. It appeared that the defendant bad agreed to find the labor for a two-roomed store home for £45, with an extra for a skillion, bat that defendant found .fault with the work and refused payment in full. Plaintiff said defendant - told him the walls - were out of plumb, were wet, the ohimnej would'nt" let up an item" of smoke, and he (plaintiff) was a villain, and other bad tilings. Plaintiff did'nt like that, and so " got oat of defendant's way pretty quick," and ate attempts to settle the'dispute it was referred in some way to architects, plaintiff selecting Mr Caselli, who went, but defendant bang from home did not recognise his survey. Mr Caselli called, did not appear. Defendant called, stated that the walls were not tied, the plastering was loose and crooked, none ofthe chimneys would draw, and the boose was altogether uninhabitable. Mr Doane, architect, called for defendant, deposed that he had examined the bnilding. He h&d; seldom seen such bad rubble work, and from what he could judge there were ray few " through stones," and. the wall was so hollow that mice had already begun to baild therein. As an architect he would not pass the work. His eye satisfied him the walk were not straight. Plaintiff recalled, said Mr Doane's eyes were not straight, and he (plaintiff) would reply to his strictures through the press. As to the bnilding ofthe wall, defendant saw the stones were properly laid except when he was gone to get a wife, Mid people in love wore frequently dazzled in the eyes. His: Honor said the architect's evidence was not distinct enough to induce the Court to vary the original agreement, but the extras were effected by the plaintiffs own statement; the "verdict therefore would be for £16 7s 6d beyond the amount pad into Court, with costs £3 ?s 6d. KeUy v King and others-£23 9s 5d goods supplied to mm employed on the little Bendigo water race. Mr Hardy for plain tiff Mr Walsh -for defendants. The plaintiff deposed to the delivery of the goods, but as there was an altera tion made in his books since deliveiy, and as the liability of any person besides King was not proved, plaintiff was non suited. The following is the list for to-day: 282 Williams and others v Alley 196 Langton v Searie and another 198 Moss and another v Tut 226 Halls r Cooper and others "230 Shaw vOhisholm 231 Wood v Knight and another 273 Jones and another v Gaynor afld others 395 M'CJennan r Jones 284 Ooslan v Shehan 318 Ansfcig and another v Muuster 339 Hawkins r Anslow 857 Mlfiooll v Weloh 359 Dawson v Craig 361 Baokhouse y Pollard and another 374 Salmon y M*Xaight and another -398 Polloa v Binney and others 404 Was too tt v Hodga 430 Coriet v Jackson £38 Dagg v Simeox 439 Grattau v Glenn 