JUSTICE AND JUSTICES. I IT is a trite remark, that the evil consequences of one wrongful act are extensive and various beyond . calculation. Indeed, could human prescience view them, as in some magic glass, and see the hateful line, like Banquo s issue, .. stretch out to the crack of doom the boldest evil-doer might shrink appalled from his purpose. But men do wrong partly because they are short- sighted as to consequences, partly because they are wilfully blind. They count on the immediate advantage as a certainty, while they are content to die record the ensuing mischiefs as vague and doubtful contingencies. This is especially true with regard to political transgressions. It is the offender's best excuse that he does not fully contemplate his own responsibilities. A vote is to be carried a partisan secured ; a weak Minister contracts " by the job," and must pay the price. The after-reckoning he dismisses from his thoughts. Che sara sara. Towards the close of last year, public indignation was aroused by what we cannot but deem the worst of Mr. Cowper's many political delinquencies. A hundred and thirty new names (mostly those of persons unknown, or known for no good had been at once added to an already abundant magistracy. Considering the population of the colony, there was much the same as if Lord Palmerston, desirous to strengthen his party, were some fine morning to add 13,000 names to the commission of the peace in England. That our Premier did not pause to consider this proceeding in its details, or its probable results, was part, indeed, of his fault, but the meagre whole of his defence. The Nemesis of reck- less jobbing has pursued the act. The new batch," with some honourable exceptions, have proved even worse than was expected. Now over-rating, now forgetting the dignity of their office, they have made themselves ridiculous by " sweet vicissitudes" of arrogance and levity. Prone to sink the judge in the advocate, they have been glaringly awkward in their advocacy. And their patron has shared their dium. No one can doubt that their elevation was' closely connected with Mr. Cowper's fall. . Even when in some sense rein- stated as a minister, he has but been pilloried in precarious office, and kicked up stairs into salaried insignificance. We are not surprised to find him disgusted with his own work, and even screwing up his courage to revise the commission of the peace. His looked for accession of strength has failed, and he finds himself damaged by his supporters, and damned in his nominees. Just under these circumstances, an intrepid legislator comes forward to eulogize the " batch " aforesaid, and contrast their learning and impartiality with the alleged shortcomings of men who, at all events, are neither fences nor partisans. To analyse an oration of Mr. Hoskins would be an unjustifiable waste of paper. But in his mode of dealing with one particular case recently before the public, he showed such utter indifference to facts, as well as to principles, that we are compelled, for the sake of truth and fairness, to give some brief sketch of the proceedings in that case, previous to the decision thereon by Mr. Justice Holroyd. We would, however, first remark in passing, that to land the eminent trustworthiness of Mr. Cowper's unpaid justices, as opposed to "disgraceful" language and conduct in a salaried Judge, is a mode of illustrating the advantage of paid magistrates which would not occur to ordinary logicians. If this is to be taken as a specimen of Mr. Hoskins' reasoning powers, it occurs to us that the " head-shaving " process would be fully as appropriate in his case as in that of the Belgravian aristocrat" in whose humiliation he. benevolently exults. We must now remind Mr. Hoskins, and inform those of our readers who are unacquainted with the facts, that the assault on Dr. Lang, whereon Mr. Justice Holroyd finally adjudicated, had been already dealt with by certain of the Sydney Bench of Magistrates in the spirit of ignorant partisanship. The assailant, Captain Macdonald, while admitting the violence which he had used, wished to extenuate his offence by showing the extreme provocation under which it was committed-a provocation (we say it deliberately, with Dr. Lang's letter before us no less hard to bear than personal indignity. But this part of the rest guests;," though furnishing the sole clue to the assault in question, the learned magistrates " absolutely refused to hear. It will be said perhaps that on the mere fact of the assault, the "worshipful" bench had resolved on sending the case before a higher judicature, and therefore to admit evidence of provocation would have been mere waste of time. Not so. One of the witnesses to the blows, speaking of course of what passed under his own eyes, said, " Dr. Lang had given him no provocation." Mr. Asher : " Take that down." Let this single passage suffice for a specimen of the animus of Mr. Asher and his fraternity. The accused is forbidden to show how he has been irritated into violence ; but when words are used which seem to negative a fact known to every person in Court, " take that down," quoth the cosmopolite Asher. We have read of one Dogberry, who was profoundly anxious to be written down an ass:" but though his wisdom was small, he seems at least to have meant fairly-and we so far apologise to his ghost for the injurious parallel. Respecting the slight punishment inflicted on Captain Macdonald, opinions will differ. Of the numerous class who look to consequences rather than principles some will approve, because they are anxious to see libellers dis- couraged ; others will shake their heads, fear- ing to see the Yankee fondness for personal violence emulated in Australia. We look for no traceable effects of either kind, and shall not attempt to adjust the balance of culpability between the brute force which defies the law and the safer malignity which evades it. The real evil of the sentence lies in the utter importance to a man in Captain Macdonalds station, of a fine which would have pressed severely on a day-labourer. In these cases, equality is not equity. But for this, much might be urged in defence of Mr. Holroyd's view, that the case ought to have been dealt with summarily, as an ordinary assault. A. calls B. bad names ; B. knocks A". down. Hundreds of such cases are summarily dealt with at our Police Courts by a maximum fine of £5. The complainants in such cases may well ask of Dr. Lang,. " Why should you be more protected than we ?" " Qui to Ballina; filius arba;, Nos viles pulu, nail infelicities ovis ?" . Is it that you are more skilful in calling bad names, and write them instead of speaking" them? It may be replied, Dr. Lang is a minister of religion. True, and this prima facie is an aggravation of the assault. Had this attack been incurred by Dr. Lang through acts done in his pastoral character, he might have claimed, and would doubtless have received, special privilege and protection. It is, however, no part of a clergyman's duty to pen satirical ribaldry for amateur students of crim. con. cases. But something more than protection in his professional duties may he fairly claimed for a minister of religion. His general character as a vowed non-combatant entitles him to personal forbearance ; the best interests of society invest him under ordinary circumstances with a sort of inviolability. Still, may not these privileges be forfeited ? What if a minister of the Gospel, instead of preaching " peace on earth, goodwill towards men," proves himself a very firebrand ? What, if he rake up buried scandals, and rejoice to stir up wrath ? iEsop's trusnpeter took little by his plea of not bearing arms. But Dr. Lang himself takes the high ground of duty to society. The letter which roused Captain Macdonald's outrageous resentment was in fact a devout offering at the shrine of social purity. The Rev. Doctor . has heretofore likened himself to a2>ostles and prophets ; he now claims the crown of martyrdom. We deeply regret that after the most indulgent perusal of his letter we can only describe it as a gross, uncalled for, and most in a christian libel. With the coarse and indecent allusions which it contains we will not sully these columns. Of the sweeping statement as to the " remarkable explicitness of the Divine law against the subsequent marriage of persons who have been divorced on the only ground sanctioned by that law, we will simply observe that dogmatism may consist with ignorance and that a single sentence, stripped of its context and in a temporaries, is not proof conclusive of a very doubtful proposition. Nor will we dwell on the want of charity shown by Dr. Lang in lam t spooning a brother clergyman for an act certainly legal and possibly done in ignorance ; nor enquire as to the special precautions adopted in Scotch marriages. We would rather put the case on the broad ground of social charity. A married 1 man has formed an illicit connexion with a single woman, too forgetful, alas ! of her duties and her station. They live together, not, indeed, as husband and wife, but with something of the closeness of the tie. The more criminal party finds himself legally at liberty to terminate this scandalous connexion by a lawful marriage, and he does so. He makes the best, the only, reparation in his power to the woman he has wronged, and the society he has outraged. Who then acts most like a minister of the Gospel, the man who gives to this solemn act of reparation the sanctions of religion; or he, who after keeping silence during a long- continued violation of divine and human law, at length points the finger of scorn at the first step towards penitence and amendment ? We need say no more on this head. But since in the letter to which we have reluctantly adverted, Dr. Lang has boasted of his own success in smelling out immoralities on other occasions we avow that we do not envy him the keenness of his nose, or the presidency of his taste. " The dogs of the capitol, " he says, were asleep. We will not dispute with him the dignified post which he, seems to claim, of goose in ordinary to the " Scandalous Chronicle *..<* 