CHURCH OF ENGLAND. I I am [From the Church Chronicle ) THE following circular has been addressed by the Bishop to the clergy throughout the diocese, to be laid before their congregations, or those at least who represent them officially : 1 Bishopscourt, January 3rd, 1860. ' Reverend and dear SIR-The pecuniary position of many of the clergy has been so materially affected by. the withdrawal of the supplementary grant for religious worship that I feel bound to propose some mode of relieving them from the very painful consequences of the diminution of their income. I am aware that in some parishes the deficiency has been already made up by special contributions. In other parishes nothing has been done, and a subscription for this purpose would be raffed with difficulty, and probably would not be repeated. Even under the most favourable circumstances, such a mode of supplementing the clergyman's stipend is open to objection. It is uncertain and fluctuating, and may be discontinued on very insufficient grounds, and in such a way as to inflict serious and permanent injury both upon the clergyman and the parish. An income fixed in amount and regularly paid in a claim which the clergy may with propriety advance, in order that their work may be carried on without distraction and it is my earnest desire that this advantAge should, if possible, be secured to them. One mode of arc implishing HUB object is by making a weekly colHotion in the church during the time of Divine service, and, if no objection is raised, in the manner prescribed by the rubric Such a collection is In accordance with Scripture, and the directions contained in the Book of Common Prayer. It is easily made, and when the object of it is understood to be the maintenance (In part) of the clergy, there is reason to believe that the amount will be considerably increased. The manner of making EUI his collection varies in different churches. The directions of the rubric are in some instances complied with, by reading the offertory sentences after the sermon, and following the collection with prayer. In other churches the sentences only are read and the collection made Immediately after the Nicene Creed, or at the doors. In others again, the collection is made immediately after the sermon, without the reading of the sentences, and before the concluding prayer. Elsewhere, the collection is made at the door after Divine service. The authority of the rubric is quoted on behalf of the first made cutter is pleaded for the others. These circumstances which called forth a strong feeling of dis- like to the offertory " have, for the most part, passed away and in this diocese, at least, the use of it is not associated with any peculiar doctrinal views. The introduction of the offertory might, however, in some casts, OMISO dieBatiafuctio-, unless the necessity for its use and the application of the funds to be raised by means of it, were carefully explained and well understood. My object in addressing you is to suggest that you should consult your churchwardens and trustees upon this subject, and if in your opinion nana their no objection is likely to be raised by the congregation, the practice (where it does not already exist) may at once be introduced. It will be further desirable that you should explain to the parishioners that the object of this collection is to make that provision for the clergy which the State has now withdrawn, and in justification of this application of the money so collected, you may point to the significant fact that the compilers of our liturgy se- cided to be read at the offertory, four sentences from Holy writ, which instruct the congregation that the maintenance of the pas- toral one of the duties of the flock. If objections are made to this particular mode of collecting the offerings of the congregation, some other sanctioned by custom may be used ; but the intention of the Church is that the collection should be made during (and not after) Divine service, and be sanctioned by the Word of God and prayer. The rubric provides that the money given at the offertory shall be disposed of by the minister and churchwardens, with reference, if need be, to the ordinary. My recommendation is that the fund BO collected should in the first instance be charged with the payment of £100 per annum towards the clergyman's stipend. In some instances this sum may be as much as can be raised ; but as I am of opinion that In these colonies £400 per annum and a parsonage house is the least to which the clergyman is entitled, shall be thankful If by the means I now suggest, or by any other, as by endowments, this amount can be secured. In justice to themselves and their country, the laity ought not to rest satisfied with a provision of a smaller amount than this for their clergy. It is a wise policy, and one attended with the best consequences to the wellbeing of the clergy, to place the clergy in a position to give themselves wholly to the duties of their sacred calling to the Word of God and to prayer. The proposal now made if, in the first instance, intended to apply to those parishes which have been deprived of a portion of the Government (supplementary grant. There is, however, no reason against a more general adoption of the plan, so that the stipends of too clergy paid through the Church Society should In part be raised by the same means. "Moreover, it is to be hoped that the contributions thus obtained will be much larger in amount than heretofore, that in some of the more populous and wealthy parishes there may be a surplus for the benefit of those districts where comparatively little can be raised, or where no Government stipend is received, that so the abundance of some may be a supply for the wants of others, "I pray you, my reverend brother, consists in carrying out this object by your councils with your churchwardens and trustees, and by your prayers on behalf of the Bishop and clergy, that we may approve ourselves to our Heavenly Master, and to the congregations committed to our charge, " by pureness, by knowledge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, and by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left "I remain, rev. and dear Sir, your affectionate friend and Bishop, R "P. STUKXT." 