SPRESENVTED AT COURT. ROMo5 'Tae LIVECOPOOL ALDIOw, MARCH 12.) WVITX some difficulty, we have persuaded an e"e witness to undertake the difficult task of giving us 'an original accbunt of what he underwent at the Volunteer Levee, on Wednesday last. He says:--We arrived in a hackney cab, about half-past eleven o'clock, being inspected as we enter the gates by a dense but very orderly mob, who, it is evident despite the snow, have sufficient taste to appreciate and admire us. Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we shivecringly stand criti cising thle numnerous arrivals. Tihe most con spicuous are three portly individuals in scarlet coats, caps, brown belts, &e.;, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a huntsman and a postboy. Here, too, are fine stalwart fellows" in artillery uniform-riflemen of all shades, including some who, ignoring appear ances, have added to their natural deformities by sdopting knickerbockers and gaiters, and mostly wearing on their belts what the Examiner describes as " huge gilt silver plates, shining like stars, and resem-litg coffin ensbellishments." Constantly passing, and looking on with inter est, are young officers of the Guards, going to or returning from duty, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots, grey coats, and huge fur hate. Presently, we are ushered into a monster tent, embracing 'the palace doois, strewed with sawdust and large enough for an equestrian performance. Here we parade for some minutes, endeavoring to keep ourselves warm. Presently. the -atillery are directed to enter thle palacel But such an entrance' How crinolined dowagers accomplish the feat of get ting in is a mystery I After inspection by the female domestics of the palace, weo gain the Lord Chamberlain's'table, and upstairs we go, passing a number of ladies, who occupy an overlooking rece~is, and also another recess, from which several gorgeously dressed individuals are sur veying the scene. We arrive at a landing, where the title of the county represented by tlhe Volunteers is most politely taken; and, after gazing' with admiration on the gigantio "''beef eaters," enter a pretty large room, through which we pass into another partitioned off by a barfiier, the windows of which look rupon the gardens. At the request to " uncover," we isminedalately 'doff our beavers. Here we are marshalled according to the rank in the Army List, tie Hon. Mr' Ponsonby courteously doing allinhis power to.adjust the right man in the right place. But how close .is tie atmosphere! Lonij~ngly do we lthink of Mr. Mackenzie and St.OGoirge's-hall; where the iir is always fresh and balmy. Timidlydo we venture quietly-to open a wihdow, little by little, fetaing the re proof of, a gentleiinain-at-arms or a :beefeater. How well are we rewarded by ,the' fresh, chilly breeze iwhich o. penetrates. through the .rap?riti?it .: Givo us the pure air of tthe - Polar regions rather thitan the miasma of the crowded palace! Invigortited, we patiently st-id, hillotlters aro forming in our re??~r. Bhit lash'," forward !" is the command, itnd ; elose otur open wintdow' and 'symptoms known osonly to sufferers by sea-sicknes8 ensue. Vainly strive we against painful internal emo. tions. - A retreat is inevitable. -Desperate - is the prospect, but we venture -it. Familiar faces aboupnd. How "ilicious the air . outside; de lightful thle odour of saw-dust! Revivified, we re-enter the palaice ' again we struggle against through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated) until we reach our previous post in time to obey the order to advance to the Throue room. Hiere we form four deep in three line? Her MIajesty is bxpected at 2.15--two hours to wait! Tihe delay is not rendered more agreeable even by the miusical quialities of a gilded clock. The gentlcmen.at-hrms :with their halberds, giidt helmets, nodding plumes, and. tophoots soon p'all upon the sight. Nature,,already exhausted by th6 want of pured air, 'gives :way. Rest must be had. But hir ov? 'Briliant idea'l Wbat is a '" buslhy" god for bit to sit down upon ? An exhausted artilleryman sets the example, and "busbies" becomeior the first time, as useful as they are ornamental; flattering were'the enconmiums on Mander and Allenider, when th' articles 'stood the strain. Here placidly do we wait iistening to Lanark expressing, in broad Seoitch, great complaisance atits own appearsoance. How indebted do ghastly vblunteere fedl to a Samariten Scot, who produces from his. poclkdet pilules of nux. But what a delicious draught of fiesh air I E'erybody seems revived. Some adventurous artillerymen hass opened the -upper ssh of'a window. The sensation that fresh air is n'iecessary even to volunteers begins .to pre vail, and engar is the struggle to obtain it. The successful parties, not content 'with a limited stipply, open the lower sash, and thrusting their neck out, they imbibe life-giving .draughta. Vainly do those in thle immediato vicinity com plain of the bitter and snow-mingled blasts; they are overpowered by the murmurs of relief from the mass. The most acute .sufferers re squatted, lao Turk, under the windows, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts from thie garden, and warmed ,in the rear by the out-going boat. Presently carriages" are seen over the hedges in rent, then the Lifo Guards, and, preceded 'and followed by several others, comes the Royal carringe, drawn by two cream-colored horses, which evidently are unaccustomed to speed, They draw up at the portico, and how we do pity tlhe unfortinate coachman and grooms, who, notwithstanding their beautiful pink stockings, gold-laced coats, and swords, appear in a frozen cotdition. Dismal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Man jesty's return. But hIark!-the throne-room doors open. ier Majesty is prepared to greet her loyal volunteers. The stream pours in; and, as we advancee to the IPresence- cehamber those wiho have already been presented file out, look ing like " Banquo's ghosts." With solemn step and downcast eye, their appearance is rather that of men iwho have been stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal subjects witho have attained an earnestly sought for honor. But our turn 'omes, and we advance in single file, obeying the orders of the oflicials, " Slowly, gentlemen, slowly,-no hurry-no crowding," until, passing the file of Lord-Lieutenants, we cast our eyes upon the nnmietakeable figure of the Queen, standing it the midst of the line of figures, with a crowded cemi-circular in front of her, through which we :have to file. Nervous ness does not overcome us, but, thloughl we de liberately make a 'I left face" and bow to the Quectn, we overlook oewing, we presume, to timhe ditiness of tht light, to .our regret, the Prince Consort, the Princoof Vales, a Royal Princess, .dnd the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortu nately 'scapo theo contretemps whtich happens to another efficcr,,atJ, in his determination to do .tt,,' the thing, steps so far boack as to damage a dowager's corns, and start an excrucinting titter. We plead guilty to not having overlooked the charming blue eyes of a noble lady of honor who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pen full of riflemen, dressed in all the colors of the rainbow, conspicuous nmong themn being some Cornishlmen, dressed like Mr. W. Laird'scoal carters, in lively mauve coats, with high turned-down collars, slashed with scarlet. MIuch were they being "L chaffed," and many were the interogaturies, whether they had taken off their coats for coolness. In the court-yard we dud the Guards' band playing. Passiog the gateway, where the Guards present arms to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, not withstanmling the snow, with spectators, and carriages tilled with ladies. Every soldier we pass Calites us, at whIich we are excessively pleascd, i:ltsering ourselves that our appearance is deeedclly martial, if not to the manner born. Next morning we look anxiously for papers, anmbitious of seeing our names in print, but dis gusted when we see it cut in two, and a letter dropped out, so as to render it not only very un recognisable, but ridiculous in sound. 