2\EW VTESLEYAX CHAPEL, BRUNSWICK STREET. J,AY[--G THE rOUNDATIOX STONE. For tarns time pR3t ths congregation worship ping i:\ the Brunswick »lrcot Wesleyan Chapel has li'.-ai; steadily increwing, «ud latterly it hsis been found impossible to r.ccom.nodato the nu mcTQiis applicant!! for pews nnd sittings in that church. The trustees have therefore determined upon erecting a new and more commodious struc ture, in order to provide for the increasing wants of ths locality. The present chniisl is cne of tho olde3t of the Wesleyan Chapels in tho colour, although, since it was first erected it hai been greatly altered and enlarged, aud the pulpit ba- j longing to it is flu ol lost in Victoria, it having been first erected by the Wes leymi Methodists in a little wooden building which was used by thorn as a place of worship prior to the chapel which recently stood at the coiner of Queen street and Collins street being built. From the plans of the new building, which we inspected, it would appear to be well designed for the purpose for which it is intended, and will, when completed, be an ornament to that portion of Colling wood. It i3 to be erestad on the same site now occupied by the old chapel, which will b» pulled down to make room for it. The following is a brief description of the proposed new church : — It has been designed with a view to accommodate from 1300 to M00 persons, at the least possible cost compatible with n due regard to the object far which, the place is to be erected, hence many embellishments which might hava been adopted have been dispensed with, while, considering the / cost (£3ip(J)i-~n-great deal . has been done for the I amount. Tha style is Gothic, and more particu larly 'defined as of the psrpendicular period. The internal dimensions are 55 feet from north to south, by 84 from ea3t to west. These somewhat disproportionate dimensions were rendered nece* sary, by the impossibility of at present removing the school rooms nt the rear, and necessity for the accommodation of so large n number, us stated above. The walls will be 26 feet high inside, and the roof will be ceiled midway. To the front and on both sides galleries will be erected, capable of accomvacd'iting about 400 or 503 persons. The orchestra of necessity will be placed over the entrance to the church ; but at some future day it is most likely to bo p'.aced behind the minister. With the amount of the cost before us of course we cannot look for anything elaborate in the in ternal decorations, yet we think .here is sufficient to relieve the eye, and to clear it irom the charge of being plain.' The plan of the front elevation presents two entrances to tho main body, and above, one large triple light window, with two smaller windows on each side, glazed with stained glass. The entrance and staircases leading to the galleries are in the towers on either sidu of the principal entrance. The towers are surmounted with slated spires, and finished with ornamental wrought iron finials, and are both supplied with lightning conductors. Besides the entrances above mentioned thiee others are provided at the roar, in order that there may be no lack of means for either egress or ingress, iu order to prevent the possibility of confusion. We have omitted to notice that the roof is partly carried by the columns supporting the galleries, which will be finished with enrichtd composition bronzed capitals ; the whole of the wood work will be exposed, and stained, g varnished, &c.; Yesterday was the day fixed for laying the foundation stone of the now church. Unfortunately the weather wns very unfavorable for the performance of I ho ceremony, and at tho appointed hour — four o'clock — the attendance wns consequently far from being as numerous as it would otherwise have been. Very many, however, of those belonging to the congregntion, who took an interest in the proceedings, were present, amongst whom we noticed the Rev. W. L. Binks, the Superinten dent of the Eist Melbourne Circuit ; the Rev. D. J. Draper, Chairman of the District ; the Rev. W. Hill, the Rev. W. P. Wells, and the Rev. J. S. Waugh. The Rev. Dr. Cairn?, the Rev J. B. Lan- dells, and the Rev. Mr. Odoll were also present. The Rev. W. L. Bikks presided. The proceedings were commenced by singing the 757th hymn, after which, the Rev. J. B. Lan bkm.s engaged in prayer. The Rev. W. P. 'Wells said : Our friends are aware thnt it is usual in the colony at these times to place a bottle, or something of the sort, beneath the foundation stone In place of the bottle we have, however, a commo dious and substantial j.-ir. It is also usual tn place some coin3 of tho realm, in the jar or bottle, but I do not perceive any hero. Probably our friends deemed they would be more profitably employed in aiding iu tho erection of the building. (Hoar, hear.) In the jar are copies of tho three daily journals — the Aon, Argun, and Herald, a copy of the Wesleyan Chro nicle, tho minutes of the Conference of 1SG0, and the preachers' plans for Melbourne West, Mel bourne South, Melbourne East, Brighton, and Pcnfridgo. Besides these I hare to plnce in the jar this parchment, upon which is the following inscription : — Wesleyan Methodist Church, Brunswick street, Fitzroy. The foundation of this Church v»s laid by Theodotus John Sumner, Esquirs, J. P., on Tuesday, the second day of October, a.d. 18(50, being in the twenty-fourth of th: reign ef Her Most Gracious Majesty Qusen Viottria. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B., Go venior-in- Chief, Captain-Gsneral, and Vice Admiral of Victoria. The Rev. John. E^glestOn, President of ths Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Confarsncc; the Rsv. D. J. Draper, 'Secretary of the Conference aud Cha'rman. of the Victoria District. Ths Reverends W. L. Binks, W. P. Wells, and Saml. Knight, tho Ministers of the Melbourne East Circuit. Trustees and Building Committee : — Messrs. N. Guthridgc, Vasey Brook, Caton, J. Wills,!'. Wills, Brady, Galagher, Bennett, Dclbridgd Lowe, Stranger, Davidson, Powell, Wellnrd, Bearer, Parnham, Fielding, Haughtox, Cramp, Mill?, Higinbotlum, Fear, E. Wills, Wymond, Spaneler, Clarke, and Alexander. Architects : Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, Melbourne. Contractors : Messrs. Dclbridge nnd Son, Fitzroy. You will perceive that there is a great amount of information on this parchment, aud I have only to sny that I hope it will be a long time before pos terity will know anything about it. (Mr. Wells then placed the parchment in the jar, and 1'U.t th« jar beneath the foundation stone.) Mr. Crouch, of Messrs. Crouch nnd Wilson, then presented T. J. Sumner, Esq., who was to perform the ceremony, with a very elegant silver trowel, stating that he did so on behalf of the trustees nnd officers of the church, mid for him self he iind only to add that he trusted Mr. Sum ner would prove himself a skilled workman. T. J. Summer, Esq., taking the trowel, nd vanccd to the stone, nnd having spread the mortar, the stone was lowered to its place. Mr. Sumner then struck it tliree times with the mallet, and said— -' In the name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and in the name of the Triune God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I declare this foun dation stone of the Brunswick street Wesleyan Chnpel to be duly laid ; and may the Almighty Sustainer -and Creator of all th'ing3 bless and prosper the work of his servants, this day com menced in holy and humble fnith and zeal.' The following is the inscription on the trowel: — ' Presented by the Trustees and Building Com mittee of the New Wesleyan Church, Brunswick street, to T. J. Sumner, Esq., J.P., on laying the foundation stone of the above Church, October 2nd, 18C0.' The Rev. D. J. Draper having been called on to address the meeting, said that ns Dr. Cairns had to address them afterwards, he should be very brief, and as he intended to deal with statistics, and wished to economise their time, he had writ ten out his remarks, which he would beg leave to read : — The occurrence of to-day derives special interest from the i'aet that it is but the latest event in the hitherto unchecked progress and increase of the Weslcynn Church in Collingwood. Whilst our hope for the future is bsised exclusively on tho approval and blessing of the Great Head of the Church, we may, nevertheless, gather en couragement from the experience of the past, being assured that the same seal and fidelity will be attended with, similar suecess. The services in connection with the Wealeynns in Collingwood \»««f« err«*l 7*«ri -tftr* 1119 kild ia t tasU wooden chapel, which stood on teased laud, at the corner of Brunswick nnd Moor streets. This place becoming too small and incommodious, arrangements were mad 3 fc-r removing to the aite now occupied. The land was purchased, and a portion of the place, now to be superseded by the new church, wns commenced. The foundation stunc of the building was laid by tha late Rev. Edward Swectmun, on the 2Sid April, 1849, the Rev. Messrs. Harcoart and Symons taking part iu the devotional exercises. The sum of £100 was subscribed on that occasion, and the wholo affair wns considered highly suc cessful. Respecting the old wooden building, I need only sny that from the time of its being built in 18 10, until its removal in 1S49, the congrega tion aud schools were prosperous, and tho society continued to incrfase. The building itself wa» removed across the street, hi w!ii;li is u said to hove stuck for a day or two, and fixed on the site of the present transept, where it was used for the Sunday Had week-day schools. In 1853, tho ma terials 'were removed and used in the erection (in part) of the present chapel in Charles street, East Collingwood. Early in 1853, increased accommo dation being necessary, it wns determined to erect a gallery across the chapel. This was accom plished nt a cost of about £270 sterling ; and open ing services were held, on the occasion of its being iised, in February, 1853. That gallery is asso ciated in ths minds of the congregation and mi nisters with psalmody ns effective and delightful as ever tended to vender that important part_ of divine service devotional and attractive. The in creased accommodation afforded by the gallery was soon found to be insufficient ; and in August, 1853, tilt sanction of the district meeting was ob tained to an enlargement of the buildinij itself. This was effected by two efforts. The first in cluded only the lengthening of the nave, with n temporary end of timber and calico. The opening services, in connection with this addition, took place in November, 1853. About 750 persons as semblad on the occasion, and the magnificent sum of £1600 was subscribed. The second effort embraced the addition of the transept, and gave accommodation to at least one tliird more persons than before. Thii part of the work was carried on and com pleted in the presence of very serious difficulties, caused, in the first place, by a great advance in the price of materials ; and secondly, by the severe commercial crisis of: 1854, which most seriously affected the payment of the promised subscriptions, and also tho obtaining of additional sums which had been anticipated. The whole extent of the enlarged building, which will seat about 800 persons, was opened for divine worship with appropriate services and collections, in March, 1854. However, the plastering nnd ceil ing were not completed until April 1855, when tho fifth and last opsnine service was held. A» might have been expected a considerable debt remained upon the property, which al though not yet fully removed, has given occasion for the exercise of the liberality of tho congregation. I have only to add, as it respects the past, that towards the end of 1855 the large school-rooms in the rear wore completed nt a cost of about £1200, one half of which wa» granted by the Denominational School Board. I might bear testimony to the fact, that tho Sunday schools taught therein have always been con sidered by myself to bo nearly if not quite the I largest nnd most efficient in Australia. As to ! the present, many of you are aware, that for some j time pnst it has been impracticable for families j and individuals to obtain pews or sitting-; in the \ church. Many applications hare stood over from ( quarter to quarter, until at length the trustees have resolved to do their pnrt in the important work of building a larger,' and more commodious church. They have been encouraged by the libeiftl contributions which have been placed at their disposal, nnd, believing that they possess tho hearty sympathy of all parties con cerned, they have adopted tho words of the Holy Scripture ns their motto, ' The Lord of Hosts will prosper us, therefore we, his servants, will nrise and build.' I '.hink I should ill discharge my duty on tliis occasion were I not to refer to n few names which stand out with greater promin ence than othci'3 iu connection with the building of the place now to be superseded. I*, is right to remember those who 'have borne the burden and hent of the day.' Those of us who witnessed the untiring zeal nnd assiduity with which the Rev. John C. Symons labored for three years in that work will not fail to award him the very first place of honor in connection with it, I can bear witness to a succession of efforts nnd anxieties on the pnrt of Mr. Symons for the advantage of tha place which is not frequently equalled — rarely, if ever, excelled. Amongst the laymen who have from the commencement labored nssMuously in the «ood work here, there nre a faw who, without disparagement to the rest, may be named as having? Ren in labors more abundant. I feel psrsunded that I shall give pain to no one when I select from tho number, such men ns Mrssr.s. Joseph Lowe, Robert Calaglier, and John Wills as worthy of ;ill honor by reason of their uncensing cnrlourors to 'build up the rising Church, and pines tho city on the hill.' Xor should I omit (o mention the nnmes of Messrs. N. and II. Guthridge, and Mr. Waltci Powell, as having been most valuable to the church m Brunswick street, in procuring money from the linnks for the accommodation of the trustees. I consider it rlrjht that those who come after should know, liy such moans -i3 I now adopt, that faithful services rendered to the cause of Christ in reference to Church extension, arc highly and js.ntnfully appreciated by those who HpHyo spiritual advantage from them, or witness them in a propor spirit. Other efl'oits now de mand the zoal and earnestness of other agents nnd instruments, in addition to old and valued ones. In the nrnno of our Grant Master, nnd in tho name of His Church, we welcome them :o their posts — we cheer thsm on tho way; nnd hope that they will not only be fevoretl with nil tho success which they dc.=ir.?, but that as ' faithful servanfa' they will nlriO he welcomed at lnst to an hiipiriuli able reward in ' the joy of their Lord !' Dr. Caiuns next addressed the meeting. He said: Chri«tian Friends, the laying of n founda tion stone of a house of prayer is of all works «f a mnterial iind in which we can here engage most su-jfrestnre of great, truths, great principles, great privileges, great promises, and of all that in good, nil that u best, and of all which can be desired in this world — and which are as endless as eternity. Thi3 foundation »tone has been laid in the name of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the edifice to be erected is to be erected to the honor of his glorious name- Within its wnlla the blessed Gospel is to be statedly preached, tho message of ponce nnd salvation to dying men, of the time of acceptance, nnd the year of the jubilee of the Lord is to bs proclaimed, as by the call of a silver trumpet. Tliis is to be called a Zion, the habitation of his glory, a dwelling plnce for tho Lord of Hosts. Here he is to work his wondrous woi-k- of mercy, healing the sick, giving sight to the blind, calling the dead to lifengain, opening the prison doors to them thnt nro bound, and giving to all mourner* the glorious liberty of the children of God. Here is to be ever opened n fountain for sin and un clcanness. Here ia to shine the bright and morn ing »tnr. Hero is to grew the tree of righteous ness, whose leaves nre for the healintr, of the nations, nnd hero aro to begin the joys of Heaven. Then oh, my friends, how vast is the difference be tween such nn institution as this and any thing else this world can contain. How cheerless a world would this be without auch ordinances. How chee/les3 would this world be without the word of God. It would be like n firmament robbed of its aun Bnd stars. We are delighted o see the great and surprising monu ments of human industry nnd genius, and the elements of human progress. We delight to hear the busy hum of labor, and to witneis the advance of material civilisation in the arts nnd sciences, and every improvement in all temporal things. It is with pleasure thnt we contemplate our shops, store3, workhouses, terraces, parades, parks, plea sure grounds, and those lines of elegnnt mansions stretching away on every side of us, letokr-ning the application of wealth, a'nd the increasing comfort of the people ; but what will all these thing avail us if we have not the blessing of God, and tho covenant promise of the everlasting Gospel of His adorable Son. Without Christ nnd his Gospel, our city would become like another Sodom j our blessings would turn to curses ; every evil spirit would be let loose, and the country would become another Pandemonium. Tho tavern and the drunkenness of the bur would fake the piace of the Church of God ; and there would be n tide of pollution and a mixture of all profanity and licentiousness that would overwhelm us as with a flood. If, on the other hand, the blessing of God should attend our humble efforts, and cauie tho Church of God to prospsr, m it will do — for there is a set time in which God will favor Zion — instead «f aueh eetnes of wieUhedaess and misery, we »itll iaYe t tiao »f TuSmul kippi&m; ud Win, I...I.II..UI....I.«»MII.I ? .1 I I , II « Ltt us tr.ke care, then, to give glory to God, wh« K h«» blessed us with his unspeakable gift. What I are we, that he should condescend to Ti*it ui in i this manner ? He has given us of all tiling* jl richly to enjoy, *'»nd if we believe in him, all i| thuifH nre ours, f.r Christ is ours. Allow mo, ia 3 conclusion, my Christian friends, to express lay $ earnest hopa nnd prayer, that when thii housa f- is built a:id opentd, tha worshipper* who »ha.ll w, here corns together maybe as the ransomed of | the Lord, who coma to Zion with, prniaea ia !c their mouths, and with everlasting joy upon their [! hond3. May the Great Head of the Churah b» [? with them when they c?me t» meet the King in F His glory ; may Ho feed His poor with bread, nnd \ may He clothe His ministers with righteousness and make His chosen people joyful. Xovr may ?! the beauty of the Lor-1 our God be upon us, and '; the work of our hands may God in His groad ; mercy and lorin;; kindness both accept and ; honor. ?: The Rev. Mr. Bi.vks said that seTeral other ad« ?', dresses were to have bsen delivered, but tlut ia t, consequence of the rain it was deemed advisable f to close the proceedings, which wa3 done by prayer. ? \ In the evening, the members of the congrega- ; tion and their friendi, to the number of about 300, took tea in the old chapel, and a number of appro- y printe addresses ware delivered by the several ministers and others who were present, tha whol* of the proceedings being of the most sutisfwtoty '? character. ? ? __^__ j- 