MELBOURNE. t I _, Friday Evening» . The demand for flour is limited. Quotations' are f$0 to £20 10s. per ton. Wheat 8s. 3d. t.¿ 8s. 6d. per bushel. In the Assembly, the Divorce Bill has,ip- assed the second reading. The weather is warm. We have to record another instance of the horrible and unnatural arima of infanticide, Tthloh ia nnhsp pily beoomiDg of very frequent ooourronoe ir* this antony IL appear« that about 9 o'oloclc lut evening twa young gida nra. oeeded to that part of Hyde Park near to Lyona'.terroo*.' wjere> .oms excavation ls going on, for tho puxpoao aa they state ' of pro- curing some pieces of white atone which is sometimes need by servants In robbing the flagging of vt» and shs snd the «'.one stein of doora to give them a white appearance, and while- fe'jling about in the dark, ono of thu girls touohod something wilier, ¿ad a von .oft and peculiar fool ; aho oallod the atlantion of two. young nun who were passing at the time to it, when lt was disco,verod to bo" the doad body of a fine and apparently now-bor n child enve- loped in paper with an outer covering of calloo.shei.vin*evidently by Ula black marka and bruines apon its neck and the upper port or Its body, that it» death had boen oaosod by si rangulatlon^L polloemen was oalled, aj¡d,as thesv) was no sign r/f \\\fe tho body wa* conveyed to the Central Police «talion E',ory effort will no doubt be made by th* oolloo to bring th» pern/,trator of this foal ceod to justice. Miss Isabella Mary Kelly, WTJO a short time ago waa convicted of perjury, and sentr-jn0Ba to fine and im- prisonment,has been released from priao.n and the fine has been remitted. We understand that in th',s manor the Executlva have prooecded on the recommendaticr.a of his Honor the AoUng: Chlor Juatioe, who tried the caso, au/i who has slnco made him- self acquainted with circumstance that warrant this inter- ference. As tho case of Charlea f,berrin, at whose instance Uta prosecution for perjury waa inatltMted. ia|oow ondor the consider- ation of a committee of tho Lofyialmive Assembly, we must wait for the report of that committoo, for a further elucidation of theta circumstances. A report is currant to the effect that the Oovernment of tho Emperor of tho French contemplate the» establishment of a Pen»;, settlement at Now Calodonla. Weare, not aware whether any tjfQoial information has been received OD the «abject, nor is lt likely that auch wonld be the case. Tba report, however, ia bjghl-y probable. New Caledonia may thqa servo as a nursery 'iar .. Zouaves." who, If all account« are true-, are not selected from tho tiiri of Parisian society. This beirjg St. Patrick's day, will bo observed generally as a holiday thronghout th a pnblio offices. The Post office, and a'jy other Oovernment department, where business cannot be B-jtsponded, niU remain open as usual. Charles Kemp, Esq., the treasurer of the Bouthr,rn nooda Relief Fund, will attend at the general meeting of tb ré members of tho musical profession, tobe held at No.*. JarrjUon-street, at «even o'clock, this ovening. for the purpoaa or receiving the netproooods of the concert given on Wednoaday O-venlng, in aid of the sufferers. It ia particularly reqaetteot that the profession generally will attend, as some businesa ol Importance will bo transacted. Two cricket matches are to be played to-day on Hyde Park, one botween the fir.t oleven of the Albion Club and the Wholesale Draper», at tho request or th« "atter.fo rJJ e tlce; tho other botweon a second eleven of the Albion and » second elevan of the Alliance Clubs. Wickets to he pitched at half post one. . We yesterday inspected some very superior goods. cenaisUng of meorsohaam and clay pipes, just recelvodby Mr. Penfold, tobacconist, Oeorgo-streel, per Emeu, T\\*<*}** were made expressly to his order. Among those which espe- cially attracted ear attention were two very large pipe«,mounlea in alerting allvor. with long albatross stem, and auxmounteoDy an Emu and Kangaroo, respectively. There were ^?°'ora? very elegant designs In birds' claws grasping anjegg, and they aro woU worthy a Tiait of those that delight in the fragrant weao. The Waverley Municipal Ooancil have em cowered their ehau-msn to borrow a "nm of .fx WO. at a rate not blgkarUitnBankintereit, on security of th» Baronne*- of the tannlelpalhy. On Thursday, 15 th March instant, a lecture waa daUrered by A. Gordon, Eaq., . barrlster-at-law, in St. Stephen's eohoot- room, Newtown, on " tho Missionary Journey» . -of St. Pani." The lecturer elated, that on the present occasion ' he wooldhare to confine himsolf to two of St. Paul's journeys, and then proceeded smongst other things to mention bis going to 1 Damascus,heiogstruok down io the way. and hie earneat desire afterwards to propagate tho religion of Him, whom he had for- merly boen peraecutlng. With this intent and not wishing to ' build npon another man's labour, we And him aetling ont from AnUoch with Barnabaa, and departing to Bolencia, from thence to Cyprus, Salamia, and the lalo of Paphosof which place Sergiua Paulus was'deputy. and where Elymaa was struck with blindness « tromthenco they goto Porga in Pamphilis-to Autlochtn naidia, where St. Paul preached the Goapol, which was (¡lad y received by ? the Qentllea, but moved the Jews to envy, peraeoullon waa raised asalnat them, and they wore espoliad from tuat pisco, «ad carno to Iconium, from t onium , they Oed the rage of Jew and Gentile being directed againat them, and went to Lyatra and 'Derbe oltlse of Lycaonia, where Ibo impotent man was healed of hi« infirmity. The lecturer described the consternation of the inhabitants at auch a eight, how they liftei up their voloea and 8Bjd_The Oods hive come down amongst ns," notwithstanding whloh we And the same peopi" shortly after atoning Paul, who was drawn out of the city nearly dead Noxtday.they repair to Derbe, return to Lyatra, Iconium, pass through Plaidis, ooma to Pamphilia, preach at Porga, t'enoe return to Antioeh, the place from which thoy started. Space will not permit our following the lecturer ao minutely in Paul's second journey, when Silas was bis com psnlon : bat we will oomo to Trois, supposed to he Troy, s place . muoh thought of by the Romans, who pretended they were des- cended from that people, so famous in Homer's poems. St. Paul, In consequence of a viaion, doparts for '-fa^edonia, cornea to Phillipp),where tboy aro imprisoned, but afterwards released ; they vialt Ampbipolis, Apollonia, Theasalonloa, Berea-Paul Íreach es at Athen-, Corinth. Ephesus, sud, anally, returned to erusatem This ls but a brier outline of a very interesting and in- structive leoture, which waa illustrated throughout by large 00. loured map« and diagram». The positions of the difTorent plaoes were traced on therosps.aud the peculiarities) of the inhabitants described. At the duse, the ohalrraan. Lieut. Sadlier, on behalf of those assembled, thanked Mr. Gordon for hla very excellent lea. ture, and those present, amounting to upwards of 130, separated seemingly much satisfied with their social meeting. A parting >ribute of respect is due from us 'to a gentleman who loaves oar shores to-day. lt ls nat often that a prefessloal maa is ao auooesaful la acquiring popularity amongst all olaeaos as Profesaor Bushell has beon. To talent and powers in his peculiar walk of soionoe, whloh. we believe have never been eurpaaacd, he uuitoa a courteousness of manaor, sn -amiability of disposition, and a high charaotor whloh cannot fail to render him a favourite wherover ho goea. Ula residence In 'this oolony haa awakeuod In tho minds of all s groat amount of Interest In referonoe to that mysterioua and as vet vary Imper -feotly developed aolenoe, which for many years ne has made his psouilaretudy. Tho wonderful experiments that have been per ?formed by thia gontlemrn before the public of Sydney, moat have convinced the moat aooptioal of the reality of his Influence, how- ever Ullin the principles may be understood. No doubt, how- ever, when the facts shall have - been sufficiently studied, au elimination of principles will fol- low ; snd ' tbsre can be no safer method ?of pursuing the investigation It ia a common saying, that -familiarity lireeda contempt; but the moro we soe or Professor Bushell, the higher is our opinion of his merita. Such is the honest simplicity, end even transparency of his personal cha. raotor, that deception would be impossible with him-an excess of ingenlousnessin faot aometlmea rsnder bis performances leas effective than they might be. He has himself great faith in the ultimate triumph of bis ari, and believes that it will one dsy he . of service to mankind. He believes also In clairvoyance, sni our own Incredulity ls somewhat anaken by his faith. On Wednes- day evening last the subieot of ournotloe took his farewell bone ? fit at the Victoria Theatre, sud we were gratified to observe s large and respoolabto attendance. After the performance of a pleasing- vaudeville by the company, and the graceful danotng of Mrs. Yoamans and Miss Orlffilbs, the rising of the onrtaln dis- played two rewa of young ladiesseated on the stage. The usual forms having been gone through.the Professor stated tbathe had suooeeded lnobtalnlngan influanoeovermany of hisfalrsubjeota, -4b.oughsomefewreeisr.rd bim altogether. He then proceeded with lils experiments, whloh we will not describe in detail, as most of them were almilar t-> those usually made. It was extremely in- teresting, however, to trace the gradual and almost Imperceptible stops by wbloll. with evident labour and difficulty, he ooropellod aome of hi« unwilling subjeots to yield themselves upatdisare tlon. The beauty of the operation waa greatly enbano d hy the very palpable dislike sntertalned by many of the ladles to famish rood for the smnsemeot of the aadteace; bat when once the Professor's power was completely established over tholr naiads they lost all sense of tho ridiculous, and perpetrated absurdities with tho gravoat air imaginable The reverential expression of devotion that Illumined the faoeB of Ave or six girl« as they knelt in suppllcstlon to the ohsndellera, whloh were supposed to be " thousands of immorulspirits."wssverystrlking: sodtheeudden «bango from the attitude of dovotton to the graoeful movement of the waltz waa aooompllsbed with evident unconsciousness on the part of all. It was perrootly Impossible also to observe without interest and amuaemont the irresistible drollery of the'bfleol pro duaod upon tholr countenances and demeanour, when, by tho more utterance of s word their self-command was reatorod to 'thom, and lathe ooafueiou of bashfulness they endeavoured to hide themselves from the gaze of the audience. We owe a debt of gratitude to all those fair ones for thus furnishing the material Tor SD exhibition of so highly Intellectual and pleasing a desorp- tion. Having trespaased sufficiently on the endurance of the ladies, the Professor next proceeded to exercise his atlraotion on savers! person« in lbs pit who had on proviens ooo asions peen brought under his intJu-noa. Ooo by one, like the ghosts In the scene in Meyerbeer's Opera they rose from thoir seats and some with precipitation, others with mostured treed made their appearance at tho footlights where thoy «toed like ataluce, not a masóle moving, antll eight or nias wore fixed upon the stage. It seemed aa If the witchcraft and demon- ology of a former ago were resuacltaied ; or we might rather perhaps imagine that what we read of on those snkjeote were as naturally accomplished as the strango feat we witnessed on Wed- nesday evening. Tbs audienoo were highly gratified at the great «necees of all the experiments, «nd greeted the ben-JUler with frequent and hearty applause. In bidding farewell to a Sydney public for yaara, perhaps for ever, Professor Bushell expressed the groat pleasure he had derived from his visit to Australis, whloh he said bad been a mostaaooessful one. He had mot with kladnose wherever be had been, and never regretted leaving «ny -country so muan as he grieved st parting from the many friends he had met In New South Wales. A pleasing inaunoo of the Professor's popularity occurred os he was leaving 'the theatre, a gentleman stopping him in the street snd presentinghlm with s very handsome gold-raountod rldlug-whip, with "Professor Bushnll" engraved on the handle, as also the initials of the donor, whose name, wo bollore Is unknown, evan to the receiver. Professor Bushell salle to-day by the Tasmania, at twslve o'olook. We slnoerely wish bira sn agrooablo and pros Sarana voyage round the world. Ue ls lils own lotter of intro uctiOD, ana baa little neod of recommendation Ï but If ours be -worth anything, ho bas lt with a heatly good-will, wherever he goes. May hie shadow continually grow less-thetis, may light not be bid under a bushel. The following items of news from Moulamein -are famished by the correspondent of the Pas toral Timtt ¡-This distrlat has had a fair share of moisture lately, and the recent copions showers seem to hare extended e-ver a great extent of country. Last night tho Billabong aemmoncod to ran-this morning lt bad risen to three or four feet, and lt continues gra- dually to rlae. For several days laat week the rain fell without intermission. It could not have oomo at a time when lt was more renalred. Already the eire eta of tho chango are apparent. Ve«-« -tatlon is springing up in all directions. Tho roads have been in a deplorable state, and «re nothing to boast of yat. No Sydney .mall reached thia placo ou Saturday. Teat from Deniliquin waa -only up to limo In consequence of the contractor having pat aa extra change of horses on the lino. Aa an earnest of a new Oourt -boaao here, the old ono has been .pulled down, -and the matorlal for the new one is being laid ?on the «round. The new erection ls to be hrlok. The brloks made sre nrst-olass. So far as plans and apeolfioationa ara to bo depended upon, the new court-house, although of very modest ^architecture, will be a substantial, nisful building. The police magistrate arrived this morning abjut g o'clock. Ile sud the \--chief cooatable, in orosslns; from tha look up, had a narrow os cape for their lives, but luckily got off with a simple ducking 'The rope whloh crosses the Billabong for tho convenience of working the punt broke, owing to the strong ourront running. The boat was carriod iona distance down the stream aud upset A correspondent of a Deniliquin paper writes Utas from Lsng*« Crossing Plano:--The river, whloh bs« beau running bank high hore for «oms days, ls now falling fast. We have had two days' rain, whloh was muoh wanted in the dis- trict. The plaina are oovered with shoots of water. The Lach- lan Blver is rising very fast. This ia the second tims that river liaa risen during the last month. The Bathurst Free Press says :-We have bean favoured with aeplcndid surface specimen of tho very oon sbaatlble coal taken from the land of Mr. Mlohaol Scott near Old lioant York. It ls of the hue commonly known as " London Smoke," and though on fracture lt prosouts a rioh metallic appearance, ita specino gravity ia rory low. Il appears to be ?very little heavier than charcoal, bulk for bulk, and when broken -OÍT io «mall pieces, looks very like the common flint. We have subjected a portion or it to ignition and find that lt bama as would a torch when presented to a flame. We find also thal it ia .easily conaumed, leaving no cindor and scarcely any ashes. We :'havo pulverized a portion of the speolmen brought to us, and placed lt under tho mloroaoope ; and it presents.lhe sppearance -of thnusands of transparent atoms of very rich and raany .ooloared mstalllo lustre. Tbere has been a fall of rain of five days' duration at tho Namoi, whloh river has risen half bank high. Tha settlers sra now certain of an abuadant supply of pasture during tbs »inter. Since our last impression (says tho Armidale Exyrtis, March 10) the threatening appearance of the weather lias rosnlted In a plentiful supply of ruin. It was showery on Thursday, with light rain yesterday morning. There is promise -of a further and heavier fall beforo fong. The mails from Grafton, dna on the 24th ultimo and 2nd instant, did not arrive at Armi- dale beforo Wcdnoaday night last. The delay Is attributed lo the 'flooding; of tho creeks on tho line. i The Warialda correspondent of the Tamworth Examiner supplies tho following items:-Bain haa boen banging 'aboat for ««»*c,ai aays, but I am sorry lo say very little has fallen. -Thu short road from hore lo Bingera ie now openod: 'tho contractor, Mr. J. S Konn»dy. bas made a UrsUrate job or it: ItiawoIlmarkod.sDdall orooks and gullies made conveniently passable A well baa boon dug aomo ton milo« from here for the nae or travellers ¡ alroaoy it has boon mach patr-mlaed, the dla tance from boro to Bingera being nnly twenty- four miles, which ls leaving of ten milos. It la proposed shortly to open a road to Ul« Wlntyro via Coolala!, which will also save a conaidorable dla taos e. The Mercury says tüat the Maitland com- mutée, appointed at the late pablio moo ing, relative to the Land ' Tax Bill,have deferred further proceed inge since the change of Ministry, waiting to ascertain whether tile now Ministry will in- troduce any similar bill. -Writing from Moama, the correspondent of the Pjttjral Timrs says j-The dullness of the times Is felt in 4hl« little township, and many of the inhabitants are seriously 'thinking of migrating to other parts. Bat thoao who knew Mo. .euna.in.years gone bv, aro well awaro that tho montha of SJaroh . ,and April always bring dull times with them. Owing to the scar *cltrox rain,and in consequence tho want of grass, tbs usual isunount of travelling atock bare not come down during the last ÚMO months. Two or three days of rain, have, however, tended to TsasBurs thepeople of tho town. A fresh spring of grass Is per- ceptible, and things look brighter here. About tho middle of Hay the winter sets In, and thousands of fat cattle and sheep will again come down, along tho old and favourite route. On Thursday week (says the Queanbeyan correspondent of the Goulburn Chronicly Mr. A. Olbbes, of Yar- ralumla, got severely hurt by a fall from a young horse. It sp Êlars Mr. Gibbes was breaking in a horse after the custom of srey. and having tied up one leg securely, he mounted the anima], whloh jumped, plunged, and twisted in all manner of shapes and forms, until at length be flung his rider ofl*. Mr. Oibbas came down with great force on his right side, spraining the right leg and getting himself very much shaken. It waa at first thought the leg was broken, but this fortunately proTed not to be lbs oua, ; The Pastoral Tintes of the 0 th instant says : Th« road* ara reported to ha atilt In a vary heavy at itt, etpsolatly lc tba plain dlatrlota, oaring to tba recant heavy raia*. Th« Sydney mail, naaally arriving at nine am. on Friday, did not reach DenUlqnln until Sunday afternoon ; but the principal da. tention o opeara to have been, in th!* case, beyond the Murrum, bidgee. The contractors for the Hay mall appear to have been part oularly unfortunate. As we stated in our last, the Old Mau Plain, an extensive tract of level couolry between the Murrum, bidgee and the Billabong, has been comp!- tely submerged The Billabong wa« swollen Into the proportion of a rapid river, ao much ao that the mailman, with Satur lay« mail to May, had to return. Messrs. Marahall and Waring immediately had a small punt made and carted out tho.e. by wbioh moans, and extrahoraes and men, they have got things into their usual course. The rain ceased io the course of lastTburslav night, and alnoe then we have bad a return of warm weather. The plaina lu the vioiuity of Deniliquin aro looking refreahingly verdant, and accounts from varioua correspondents speak attbe good effect produoad by the wet weather io the whote of these extensive pastoral dis. tricts. The Goulburn Herald says :-The man Raw- lings, who waa aentenoed on Thursday last to six months' Impri- sonment, with hard labour,for using obacene language, and about which publia opinioa waa strongly expressed as to the dis- proportionate naluro of the punUhmeut, haa had hie sentence revised by the polloe maglatrate, and altered to three months' imprisonment, in default of pa: lng a floe of £5. The Sydney mail (says Wednesday's GouU burn Herald) had not arrived up to the time of golog to press. The state nf the roads and the rising of the creeks ia. in all pro- bability, the cause of the delay, as we have now bad two days' continued rain. We are more confirmed in this opinion from the fact that Mr. Roborts received a telegram, stating that the river at Camden «as rialng fast yesterday morning. The recent heavy rains (says the Deniliquin Pattoral TimrtJ have tended to raise tho spirits of the people in these districts, and slock of evnry kind may be said to bo looking up. Suoh a supply of rain in the month of Feb-uary has never been known beiore in these quarters. Fer between two and three days it p.tured down inceesanlly, and already the good effects are visible in the young graaa rapidly springing up every, where. The Lachlan, the Murrumbidgee, the Billabong, Tappa!, and the Edward, have all: benefited by the welcome storm. The To.ppall.an usually dry oreek.wasa few day« aiuoe twenty feet deep. We do not hear of any stook approaching. There 1B a onmplete lull,but tbeownera are asking higlier prices for fat eatlle and sheep. We only know of two mobs of atore wbioh have passed the Edward now remaining unsold ; ons lot belongs lo Mr. Dargan and is somewhere on th» Bendigo, and another lot <7rt0), belonging to Mr. Hillas, ortho Murray; they are on the Goulburn, near to M'Bean'a Inn. Slr. John M'Donald, of Yielima,on the Murray, thirty miles ftoru Deniliquin sold Boo fat bnllooksat.£Band cows at XÙ thia week, to a Bendigo dealer. Generally there ia a disposition to aak thia price for average ' cattle. Tho Snowy River diggings are attracting the attention of ' our stockholders, who Intond to take their fat oattle to the new gold-field ia the spring. The Alps arejuat the same distance from ns as Ballaarat. Mr. Toase disposed of his mob of store cattle (100C1) to Mr. Jeffries, of the Campasps ; prioe unknown. 