THE SEVENTH DA V, OR THE El EST. To Iki J'dii'or of the Ar<tdx. Sir,—The letter in your iinprc of to-day, signed "A. B.," is apparently the letter of a candid inquirer on the subject of the Sabbath 3s observed on the first instead of the seventh day of the week. He seems to be satisfied* as to the continued obligation of the Fourth Command ment, but to have doubts as to the authoritative change of the day. It is agreeable to know that the integrity of the moral law is fully admitted, and that the anxiety felt is lrst it lias been violated or tampered with by the institutions of the Christian faith. To do full justice to so important a question would require the space allotted to a lecture. But the following summary of a large body of evidence may assist "A. li." and others, who are honestly seeking for information, in a fair and impartial investigation. 1\. It is a mistake to say that the Fourth Coin mandment fixes or identifies the Sabluth with the seventh day of the week, according to the Hebrew computation. There is very clearly marked in tho phraseology of the law a distinc tion between the seventh day mentioned and the Sabbatb. The Sabbath is one thing, the day de voted to it is quite another thing; and hence the precept runs .in these terms—"In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the eca, and all that in them is, and rested on the Beventh day ;N where fore the Lord blessed the' Sabbath 'day,' and hal lowed lit." If tho idea which is evidently em barrassing your correspondent were correct, then the Law would have been expressed in language somewhat different—it would have been, "Where fore the Lord blessed that day, and hallowed it as the Sabbath for ever." 2\. The prediction of tho Psalmist in tho 118th Psalm doc3 unquestionably declare that the re surrection day of the person spoken of should be ever afterwards regarded as tho day which the Lord had made, and as a day of perpetual rejoicing and gladness to his people. Christians arc persuaded Iliac this remarkable prophecy was fulfilled'by the resurrection of our Saviour, and the day so described is the weekly commemora tion of that marvellous event. Our Lord quotes it as referring to himself, }Iatt. c. 21, 42. The Apostle Peter teaches us the message of the Holy Ghost, that David spake "of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, and whom God raised from the dead."—Acts c. iv., v. 10,11. 3\. Keeping these fact3 in mind, we turn to the New Testament Scriptures. The first poiut we ascertain is that Christ, the son of man, asserts, that he is tho Lord of the Sabbatb, because.it was made for man. . This evidence establishes our doctriue of the perpetuity of the Sabbath, but it is silent as to the day to be so honored. This is quite in harmony with the solemn recognition of the law in its integrity, or that not one jotortittle of it Bhou'ld fail under the Lordship of Christ. We are thus assured that under the Gospel dis pensation the law of God as delivered from Sinai shall l>e fulfilled to the letter, and that the Sab bath shall be observed as indispensable to the welfare and well-being of man. 4\. Wheu and. how was the daychauged? It could 1101 to changed by our Lord himself—that is, directly, and'by bis own example—while he sojourned on earth. For he was made under the law. It became him to fulfil all righteousness, and not until he had both died and revived was his work finished, or was the Mosaic Economy ter minated. As his death put the seal to the cove nant, so his resurrection displayed bis success. By his cross he took away the handwriting of or dinances, and by his resuircction he proved his victory. Not until he had ascended to the right hand of God, and sent down the Holy Ghost to testify of him, vyas the truth ascertained that he was the Saviour of the world—that seed of tho woman who was to bruise the serpent's end, and bo tho life of man. "' No change, therefore, was possible in the .ordinances of JIose3 previously to the efficacious sin offering, and the uprising of the Sun of Righteousness. ' 5. But what was the change which the Apos tles introduced by liis authority; It is a first J principle, as necessary to reason as to faith, that whatever the "apostles taught or. did in "the name of the Lord was invested with his au thority, was as veritable and as binding as if done immediatlely by himself. Now, in the Epistle to the Hebrews, c. iv., v. 10, we'are in structed that as God ceased , from the work of creation in the beginning of the world, so Christ ceased from his work, and entered into his rest. The Apostle lis founding an argument in behalf of the promise of rest, in heaven, upon the fact of a weekly Sabbath from the beginning of time. This seventh day's rest , had always pointed to the rest that rcmaineth to the people of God. Previously to the resurrection of Christ it had been the day that commemorated the rest of God from creating all things. Now, it was the day that was consecrated by the resting of Christ from the labors of redemption, and therefore the Christian Sabbath is an earnest of that bliss ful sabbatism which awaits the redeemed in tho better laud. 1 0. In accordance with these principles, tlic Apostles and the whole body of primitive be lievers observed as sacred the first day of the week, distinguishing it from the Jewish Sabbath by its well-known designation the Lord's Day. On this day the disciples assembled themselves together, and worshipped God in the manner ap pointed in His word. On this day the Holy Ghost descended in tongues of fire, and accompanied the preaching of the Gospel with demonstration of its: saving power. And since that period to the present the Church of Christ has observed the Sabbath on the day that commemorated the resurrection, in the belief that Buch was the will of the Lord, conveyed to his inspired Apostles, and through them communicated to the body of the faithful. Your correspondent asks. "How came this day to be changed without any com munication from the Burning Mount:" Let me put it to him whether in the cross and resurrec tion of the Lord he sees not the Burning Mount and the glory of the law not impaired, but mag nified, by the immensity of love that is enthroned in Eion? "Whether to the eye of intelligence the terror striking mujesty of Sinai is not surpassed by the glory that shines from the face of the Son i of Man ? Whether the law is most to be admired .when its voice is heard in the 'eurse, or when as suring the oonvicted transgressor that it is now a righteous thing in God to forgive sin? • 7. It may to of some use to say, further, that my own conviction is, that the Christian Sabbath -isiheld on that seventh day which was hallowed in Eden. I am quite satisfied that tho day was changed to the Hebrews to promote the great ob ject of their separation qs a peculiar people. To widen the difference between them aud other nations, the Holy Sabbath was transferred from the original seventh day to that which is still re membered by tho Jews. . In all the nations of antiquity of whose cus toms we have any record, our Sabbath day was observed as a sacred day. The tradition of Para dise lingered long and travelled far. The English name, Sunday, is a memorial of this fact. Our Lord's Day is, I have no doubt, the day of the week .that commemorated the rest of God in the begin ning of the world. t ' • Adam CAIBS3. Melbourne, May 23, 