arum IA5E IUKJF cr/un isaoes. To the Editor of BclVs Life in Victoria. - Sin,— It is some weeks since I wrote to you, hut Tim Tattle isn't dead by any means, although, as Paddy said, ho is ' spacheless.' If tho entries for tho past T. 0. Mooting had been mado previous to your paper being published, instead of on the Tuesday, I should certainly have put my upoko in to ' try at a tip ;' but I wasn't suchafoelas to talk about horses' chances that might never bo ontorcd at all. Between you and me, Mr. Editor, 1 think it was n great mlstako to allow so short a time between tho nominating and running, as the public had ns time to talk over Iho merits and condition of the horses, and thus add to tha excitemont of tho races by differenco of opinion and betting. However, if I am to'.d the truth by those who pretend to kno\v, tho altera tion was made by tho stewards in order to prevent somo of the ' little games' being played, which had recently come off with horses never Intended to start, and I am quite sure that it was high tlmo for iho authorities to ex press their ideas. In some plain manner as to the rceorit ' tricks and ties.' This much Is certain, that tho T.O. Races have gnuo off much better than could kavo beon expected from tlio slackness of animals to start, and tho general disgust of tho public ; and I can't help sayinp that it scums to mo tho success the club had, arose from tho pains taken in their programmo to provont wall 3 over, and to allow liberal prizes for second money, ns an inducement for entries, There was only one appeal to tho stewards throughout thu three days' running, and it singularly occurroi In tho very first race— tho Maiden I'lato. Now. I nm not going to say whether I think tho stewards right or wrong in their decision, as I suppose they, must have ,had moro particulars laid before them than vouched Iho public; but I muse iay that It was thundering hard lines for Mr. Grant, who know nothing about Jnrrass ever, having run as Mainstay. No doubt tho law- Is strict, and tl i e ro was no way of avoiding tho disqualification, however much they might havo wished to give Iho stakes to a horso that won them on his merits. But, for goodness sake, who would have dreamed of tho snip -nose winning when thoy saw him start rather lamb, and drooping his back as if ho had a fistula? For my part,' I thought ho had a hip down. Although he ran gamely to tho finish, and beat Moun tain Maid on tha post, thero is no denying that it wa» the maro dropped back to him when clouted with the whip, or else it was all her own; Brunetlo was raid amongst us stable chaps to havo had a couplo of wonder ful trials, but tho watch muBt havo beon greased. SolJier's Daughter did as sho liked with Corssir in the Saplings, and she would havo beat Dauntless, too, in liia then form, although rough as a badger l-.crself. I felt sure that Dispatch would not win the Opn.u Handicap ns soon as I saw her, for she had a sort of sorry look, and none of the bloom of a month ago. Nuthing but Gaffer and Defence were fit to go, and the old grey was dangerous to back, being only patched up for express occasions. Had Defence chosen, he might hare won, to my fancy, and it certainly, would have been wiser of Mr. Colcman. to have declared to win with him, nnd saved old Gaffer for the big Handicap. It was a thun dering pity to sco so fine a colt as Raroy too lame to have a ghost of a chance. The new milo race, for the Guineas, brought out a largo field, and gavo capital sport to all, bcsidc3 earning tho funds twenty five notes for the profit on Martingale. As for the big Han dicap, it. was a certainty, to those who had been up pretty early in tho morning, and seen tho old Moor take a breather, with- Jemmy Monaghan on his back, that ho must carry off the stake, as he went fresh and strong, whilst everything else in the race was stale and proppy. It had been told to me that Mr. Dowliuu'smr-ro was short of work, and it was whispered amongst Eomc of us that thero was a ion son for it ; ' thero must havo been somo truth in tho talk, for she went lengths better on the second day, though beyond her distance, and managed to boat both the horses that had beaten her. Had Defence, however,' raced .tho old duEfer from 'the jump, Gaffer would hava had a tidy chance for the 60 sovs the socond place was worth.. If ever tho know ing ones were out in their calculations, it was in the Hurdle Riicc, for which Pop arid ' t'ou'A grey maro' were equal favourites, and any odds would havo been laid on the two against the rest. Those, though, who recollected the Buck'd performance, last Oc tober, and l know his present weight, clever, little jock, and Improved condition, invested a trifleon him, and pulled eff, to the stunning of tho clever division. '? Had it not been for thn marked betterment in tboliuck since his residence at Emerald Hill, he never could have you the. second and third heats in the style ho did, and it's only fair to s.iy so. As for tlio Short*, I can only say that Warrigal didn't win thorn, and had no chance, though all thought ho had, except Nimblctoe's friends. By-thc-bye, I must given word of praise to Sam Waldock for the way ho mado play from the jump in each heat; and I also forgot to mention that all his friends admired the style in which he won the Guineas on the post by a short head. Tho Flying Buck never seemed so fresh ns in his little go against Fiatcatcher, both out of. the same stable though, for the three miles Trial Stakes. Poor little Yeend couldn't bold him back to, his mate, though ordorcd to do so, and his* fingers were so cut to tho bone that tho poor lad nearly cried. Where would 'Dauntless have been, in spite of the feather ? Pop was not quito so much fancied for the Steeplechase, after the way ho tumbled over the hurdles with Armstrong ; but Campbell was put on him, although I wonder ho agreed to ride, after being onco pulled off for no offence. I know that some were frightened to hack him, for fear he Bhould not cars to win after the way bo had been treated; but the lad proved honest and game, and tho four yr-old jumpcdsplendid. Camel was close on licking him, but Fred, could never make up tho toss occasioned by his spill, whilst it gave breathing time to Pop, which was jusV what he wanted, as he requires checking at his fences. What a terrible mistake ColeinaD's stable made about Yankee and Defence, in. the Welter raco ! Yankee, who was to do tho trick, cither could not get away, or elso was held back too long, and Defence had to go for the stakes, or give them up to the Buck. To my thinking, Mr. Bond is too fond of u waiting race, and does not calculate that it blows a horse to makeup somo fifty yards or moro at tbo turn home. Tin Corin thian Hurdle Raco did not make any; splendid display of horsemanship, though Modesty appeared to win by good management, for, to tell tho truth, it was Hector's rider being beaten before hi a horse that gave her the chance, for her 13st was telling heavily. Harold won the Consolation Stakes easily, and I was glad to sco his owner gut a little bit of fat, for ho has had lots of lean lately. The Cheroot Race was capital fun to those who lobked on, but deuced disagreeable to somo of the performers, for tlicy came in sick as dogs, and covored their breeches' with anything but glory. Sain Waldock had it all his own way, tho only race being between Billy Tracey and Mr. Cowell for third place; the way they puffed nnd flogged being n caution to both tobacconists and whip makers. . . I havn't got any more to say after this rigmarole about tho March meeting, except to wish jolly good luck to noxt season, and to hope there will be none of tho bothers of tho past ono. Even rich men can't afford it, and poor men won't havo it, so let by-gonos be by gones. .Youre, _______ T^ TATTLE. 