THE PROSPECTS OP ITALY. The Turin correspondent of The Times writes as follows: " The barometer of Italian patriotic expecta- tion is up at 'very fine.' Lord Palmerston's generous words in answer to Mr. Sheridan, in the House of Commons, on Tuesday lost, have gene the round of all tho Italian papers, and call forth blessings of gratitude which no language of mine could convey. The Commendatoro de Martino is gone back to Naples with a very long face, and it is confidently assorted that tbo Em- peror at Fontainbleau would not bear one word of hui errand, but cut him short with a cold remark that the Envoy muBt assuredly have missed his way, as his business was with the Court of Turin, and not with that of tho Tuile- ries.' Private and publio news from Cagliari has completely dissipated the anxiety caused by the Neapolitan bulletin announcing the capture, on the 12th, of two steamers laden with men, anns, and ammunition. Medici and Malenchini were certainly off Cagliari on the 13th. People surmise that Mazzini. who was reported to havo left Leghorn with about eighty men, may thus bare fallen into the bon's mouth ; others again, that the steamers in question were freighted with that Irish chair-à-canon which Dr. Cullen sends to swell the ranks of the Papal army. It may be that the Neapolitan telegram is pura fabrication, or perhaps it Is only a oouplp of Neapolitan frigates that have Btruck their colours to some puny * fihbusterV cockboats. "Anyhow, there is joy and sanguin« IlOMj and peace «nong mea oí «U BWBM in Juf country. There is a swarming of Italians from all ports of tho world ; old exiles meeting after many yeare' dispersion ; most of them gathering toi one purpose-to aid tho great Sicilian move ment. You seo in the/eyenin», vat tho Caffô Fiorio, Prince Butera, youngv Baron Cusn, tho Marquis of Sont' Onofrio, Alfonso Scalio, tho .Prince of Niscemi -, on the morrow thoy uro all ,on their way to their nativo island, to offer their aims, their brains, their ,pureo to Garibaldi. F.verj where in Sicily the Boyal troops are' giving Âvay; and fall bock, on thçir last stronghold o£ Messina. But it 'seems olmost certain Garibaldi .will wasto no time in a siege. Hejwill leovo Medici and othors to organize tho Sicilians for trat final work, and will himself strike some great blow in his own Btyle, on the main land. In their present buoyant frame of mind, peoplo hero feel sure both that the King of Naples can offer no resistance, and that no finger will be held up to stay his downfall. I have preçsçd the hand t of a groat and good man hero this morning, and he told me with that confidence which arises from positive knowledge, that " the Bourbon and his dynasty have passed sway." As he took leave of the Neapolitan General, Garibaldi assured him " ho would never rest till he saw the Italian tricolour waving on tho bastion of Castel St. Elmo at Naples." , Meanwhile the bewildered tyrant condenses his forces round the capital ; but what avail such forces ? Half of them are on their return front Ialermo, nnd they, will,inform their conn-ados how it was that 28,000 of thom proved to bo no match for 900 Garibaldians. Thero is little doubt thnt"the King is leaning upon a broken reed, and his troops will most probably hide the disgrace of n defeat under the pretence of a scarcely less ignominious defection. > i ¡ , " The Italians, in short, think that thoy will be freo this time to settle tholr own matt ors. Tho Emperor Napoleon, it is said, has tran-_ quilized the Pope's fears by the offer of a new division to bwcll the garrison at Rome, should Jlis Holiness desire this additional means of security; but he signified most distinctly, it is added, that ho would never allow a 'French soldier to act beyond the walls of the old Papal metropolis. Beyond those walls, and even within, them, there is order and concord nowhere, save only in the French barracks. Tho palace, tho Trenbury, and tho Woi-offico aro n Babel of mutual misunderstanding, rancour, and jealousy. The old world is crumbling, inovitably crumbling, south of the Ombrone and.the Rubicon. What edifico is likely to rise on its ruins is the theme <it busy Italian speculation. Palermo is hastily calling together a Parliament ; it will proclaim the déchéance of the Bourbon dynasty and the annexation of the island lo tho Italian kingdom of Victor Emmanuel. No doubt can be enter- tained about that; nor will Naples follov/ a different couise if tho King awaits the nerve- - shattering notes of Garibaldi's bugle. Garibaldi , ip, moBt happily, tho man with the ono idea; and his followers, no matter of what sehooj or Ïarty, all obey the'wonder- worlring instinct of talion unification. Should Naples fall in con- sequence of a military 2>'''onunsiamcnto, or a Înzziuoni riot, an attempt might be made to sot p a sep.uiito Government, either under somo member of the old, or some candidato of a i¡cw djnofety. Such a movement, however, might be forced upon Naples ; it would not spiing spontaneously from any popular impulso. 1 read in a letter, though I scarcely boltevo it, ?that the Count of Syracuse has been heard .>.t a Tatiiotlc banquet, setting up the a\y oí "Viva Vittoria EmaiTuelo/' That would be" a'mere-1T feather sho-ving which way the wind blows. Wherever any part or Italy shakos off the yoke, - thatciy, Bineo January, 1859, has risen irresist- ibly from every man's lips. Within a fortnight ^_ it would not bo rash to anticipate that the wholo" of the Tv o Sicilies, and as much of tho Roman States as lies beyond Ponte Molle and the Alb.m hills, will await the word of fate from the lip3 of King Victor Emmanuel's advisers and tue councils of European diplomacy. " On the other hand-it is always tho notions, oí hopeful Itilian patriots that I am ondea-' *? vouiing to unfold-thcio is no doubt that the most perfect understanding e\ists between Count"- -. Cavour and tho Emperor Napoleon. Thosacii lico of Savoy and Nice has completely won over the French monarch to tho Italian cause. Ho repudiates his own views on tho subject, aud w ill buffer the Italian peoplo to build up such tv buono - stato as suits their own inclination. He will certainly not help tho Bourbon; he will so far humour tho Fiench clergy as to keep up that peor ghost of a Popo in the Vatican. ' Further " than that, ho will not push hi» interference; ho _J^ will not dictate ; he will not even advise. His ; mind is full of other schemes, his vabt ambition has a far higher aim. Ifewrnts tho co-opera iion of Italy, and must allow her to oiganiao herself in that manner which will render her aid mbst efficient. Count Ca\our opens a loan of 150,000,000f. Ho is straining every nerve to bring the sinews of the state into his own hands. Parliament voted the loan most cheertully. Cat our tells the íepresentajives of tbe-nation - that'to make Italy,' they must'bo'willing'to ' pay, and pay a great deal,' Tho people untlo , thtir purse stiings, and ask no questions. Surely never did a statesman enjoy his côuntrj's conti- ¡ dence to so great an extent ; no statesman, by every man's confession, more fully deserved UV , Party intrigue, porsonal antipathy, even patriotic sentiment, e\ orything^ that may be resorted to _. in tho way of opposition, founders' agaiuBt the massivo brain of tho boin ruler. He is not v^ merely a great, but, what is more import mt, an unfailingly fortunate man. Like Garibaldi, .>. . whom in all other respects be BO little resembles, ho drags success along with bim chained tp his . ' chariot. Well, this man, twith the unwearied \ energy and the insolent luck, is now, people ." think, hatching some gieat plot i ho is working! t hand-in-hand with tho unrathomablo man who is '' at this moment doing dirty as his own diplo-, " marist at Baden-Badon." Cavour and Napoleon, < when-they worked topother, the Italians say, ba\elcduB to Milan, Bologna, and Florence- - where to next?" ' A l.'B.Tnïi from Genoa in tho Siècle_sajs ¡- ,< » " Ganbaldi does not appear destined to perish by tho poignaid, as was feared' by some of hi« ; , friends. We learn from Messina that the famous Bosco, who accepted the mission-to assassinate ~ him for 25,000fr,, has not had tho courage to i commit the truno, but has, on the conti ory, hod , an audiencia, of tho general, to whom he mado*vl important rc\ dillions." , , LORD HADDO ON, THEJNUDK.-Lord ,Haddo seems to hnvo but a singlo objoct in life.' . Ho is a man of ono iden,' and that suoh( a delicate ono, ~ - that, like much ofl'very supoifincJdclioacy, it v approaches the nasty,, We will venture to say- ~ that much moro harm is done by forcing tho ' ' question of tho fofhole model before publieatten- ' tion and public comments than'by leaving it I, alone. Of the tens of thousands who now know i ometbmg about tho subject, and of the fifties of thousands who will talk loosely about it, hot ono j in ten would either hove thought or talked about it nt all had it not been for Lord, Haddo," It is a, case of ecMfci incwfc-very viitnous talk about an * Ugly subject, which leads to other than virtu- '. pus results. Tho highly flavoured protests , against indecency in tho penny 'journals, and the pruriently pious homilies on the de- tails of Divorce Court cases and police reports - are not unlike Lord Haddo's most decent dis- quisitions on indecency. It is like gathering all . the classical improprieties into the sterquilinium of a Delphin appendix ; and a night with Haddo - and a soirée with the ladies fair and' free of tho Haymarket, even though assembled together for- ' tea and Bible, may have their moral dangers and difficulties. Moreover, Lord Haddo betrayed a ! lemarlablo procliùty to blundering even in rn indefensible appeal. His complaint was that public money wan given in the Government ßchools of Art for binns; the naked female model. The fact turned out to ho that in only cno .public school "was tho nude model 'cm,-u ployctl at all. Lord Haddo's arguments wera equally unfounded m fact, and, let us' add, equally devoid of a real moral basis. His objec- tion is to tbo " wholly unclothed" nudity. Now, to u*c &ir.; Gcorgo Lewis's odd languago, though wc " have no special knowledge of the subject,'* we believe it to be a foot that portiaUy-clothed, wodels are infinitely more i dangerous and < more suggestiyo of ,all,sorts of evilf thoa those to whioh Lord Sando ^objects. , Tha uiffcicnce between the two may ho illustrated by tho offensive photographs of the day of women certainly npt " whollyi unclothed," j>ut in very lull dress exhibiting their legs and manipulating; ' -thoii garters, which we see-in every shop win- dow, and tho casts of the Greek Slave, or tha Venus of the Medici, or ,the Venus of Milo, There can be no question that, in a moral aspect, " the wholly unclothed" does not settle the diffi culty. A model partly dressed may be infinitely more indecent than pure nudity. It is not a fact that nudity is in itself suggestive ot evil ; and many very thoughtful persons believe that tho present school of art, so approximating to what is called, in the language of art critics, pornographic, is actually owing to theso foolish attempts at prohibiting tho naked model. To be sure, Lord Haddo is not likely to be aware of this aesthetic and moral distinction. ' One who had the ignorant audacity to observe that "tho.greatest artists of ancient times did not pursue these studies" cannot be seriously dealt with on a question of art., He can know nothing of Grecian or of Italian art ; and if Mr. Westmacott ever laid down tho doctrine attributed to him by Lord Haddó', it accounts for the position which that indifferent sculptor holds in the profession which he does not adorn. On moral grounds we ¡>io hound to vim nie tha honest study of the nude. The hun au ft. m is " that last, best effort of creation which Almighty God pronounced to be very good ;-'and it is port of the wicked, subtle Manichæism of the day to pronounce that impure which is the crowning handiwork of the Creator- ßalwäayJBmnst 