tönfllÖPOLlTAN GOSSIP. (frroift (ht Liverpool Albion, Deeemler 17.) LoxDQf«s Saturday Evening. *tkk wit wlio said that his only athletic .excroiso waa birafcgaminon, spoke before the present weather ©petita Thew sources ot muscular development to BedchThry gchtlethéh, namely, "pulling up nnd down the window-blinds all day long, or rather ¡all day slit'rt. The. stin. doea'nt rise..in..tbB.oast till .west-end'breakfast time, and then in K, highly * inflamed disorderly condition, ns if ho "had been making a night of it with the Man \n the Moon, or some other pntriotic provincial mayor anxious to stimulate toe revenue through tho medium of beoswing 'and cognac, and ia that state perhaps concocting an epistle to an Emperor inquiring if »ny particularly verdant foreign snbstrrace had lately been donoaitcd under tho ïmndrîal evn-lui. HiirSlj has ho turned out-not the municipal but the astronomical luminar j«--than he seems wishful to tum in again. To all appearance, or disap- pear »nco, he does so, causing a general rush to solar lamp, 'moderator ditto, gas- pipe, candle, or Other illuminative whatnot. 'Scarce has this been done, or demt-done, fer ours is the age of half measures in all things,--celestial, terrestrial, and tho other «ort,-thar* lorlh 'he flames through tho fog, looking Uko a Drary-lnño " blaze of triumph" in Alfred Bunn'a days suggesting a tremendous conflagration soruewbore or other, and begetting expectancy that Braidwood and his extinguisher brigade will ron>h paát in their fire-chariots, like liarncssed meteors, 'to drown "the devouring element," per instrumentality of hydrocephalus Sir , Hugh Myddleton,"rrho discovered the New River had water ia its "head." Dawn go tho blinds to kcop out the Arctio glare from snowy louse-top =anÜ 'icy chimney pot ; 'and no sooner aro they "down'téan darkness is the only thing -visible, «end up they have to come again. And so it goos on, 'the compulsory gymnastics thus entailed, being aggravated by perpetual pokings of tho fiffi, which won't burn, because tho chimney, contumacious'of Palmerston's only act as Home Secretary, Tven't swallow its own smoko, causing tho enhhppy occupant of the apartment to fume and vapour instead. Luckily night is'nt long arriving,-and puta an end to the ambiguity within doors. But, outside, things grow worse. Murki- ness and gloom overspread the metropolis, clothing tho billi» of mortality as with an under tokor'-s . ólsak. The bulk of the population try to keep themselves warm by blowing-np cab- drivers fibr Tünning over thom, and the latter blandly- remonstrate against such unreasonableness by', ««teing the affrighted complainants if they -wouldiprefer"being-run under? Ere the subter- ranean inquiry can bo sol rod, man, horse, and Hansom have becomo things of the mist, and can no' more bo discerned than a policeman when you want <hinï, or else loora in the distance as phan -tasinagorioally delusive as tho Reform of i860, a doubly, deceptive will-o'-the-wisp now that it has vealiy become Jack's Lantern, with tho Asian Mystery holding his ignis fatuus beside it, and «von Bright heightening the ch ¡aro.'aco.ro by the «snuNTOcal licht of his countenance. '"What moans this ? Why that all aro of accord sarto the particularly ridiculous reform mouse that is to jump forth ia the spring of leap year. Tkoro' is no dpiibt' about it. A bill we aré to bare, and a ' bill that will bo an act ere another «twelvemonth roll by ;- carried, if not with the applause, at least without tho reprobation of either ' the member for Bucks or the member for Birmingham ; a bill decidedly below the former, Bedford . Level, though therefore deemed loss levelling, but above the Derby one, and con «oqwcntAy scouring trio inilirect oommcnüat'ion of tV»o_',Pttrliamontnry"<nppisUo:. of direct- " taxation. Bright finds that wielding tho iicrco demoorouy is .^- vcry tame affair indoed ; that a population of penny-paper roadors do nil their patriotism, in foolscap and printor's ink ; thnt Berkeley is blackballed by the ballot society whereof he has boen tho head, and thc tail for tho matter of that, eversinoo it had bend or tail ; that even Tcar'em is muzzled with Treasury sops, for superfluous Hiberno-Amorioan steamer/*, and ditto Anglo American iron ; that tho Administrative Reformers are ttlvc grontest cripples in thc country, oxcept the ^.'Financials ; that, whiggery would be the primeihumbtig of tho age if it wcrn't for tho thing called- torylsm, which is twice as shameful an. imposture, 'but is itself n radiant virtue and boooiningnoss compared with conserva)ism. As with parties so with thoir loaders. He has never qualified, niuoh loss retrncted, his declaration thnt tho .prosont First Minister is to tho middlo and nppor clossos what Foargus O'Connor was to thc lower. Aa little mutation has his opinion under- gone in rrespoct to Finality since ho delivered it on the Crimean fiasco ; and considering that tho presont .Government arc committed to a now Chinase war and a ten million outlay on dockyard defences, probably his notion of tho rectitude even . of Milner ' Gibson aud Quakor Gilpin in con- tinuing to 'belong to such a Ministry is thc rarovorso of respectful. Thc territorial opposition I ho rognrds, of cotirso, ns tho natural and profes- sional enomioB .of the human nico, that is, of . cotton-spinning <*nd tho vending theroof, and .treats them accordingly, but with tjio deferonco *luoito thosagaoioas Hughendon Arab's subtloty that conducts them across the qungmiros they would hopolossly blunder into tho midd lo of. .Thus clmritalily coatomplating his coutcmpora rios, it/is not to bc wondered if thc sturdy tribuno should .wax not merely desponding but misan- thropic, and, so doing, dot thc British lion go to the dogs without his barking. If it really were Iiis wish that such should so happon, ho couldn't more eftootmilly assist in so ^suicidal a design than tty conniving at tho coming.abortion, for abortion it,must bo, and is avowedly ¿atended to bc. - A compromise of tho reform quostion now will be a eoniuaimation .of thc "gilded saloon and ener- vating atmosphere" work ; will jsrauscntate tho mind,of tho nation, for no ono eau say hdtv long, sots in. Positively to hang up the thing alto- gether for Jin indcuuito timo would be compara- tively innocuous, and might bo o von superlatively good ?. but to pawn upon us a mockery, delusion, j and snare, of this kind, is of a piece with tho fatuity of a martyr to the gout, who should try to I reaction overpowering once it get rid of tho dlsoaso by amputating tho tao in whiuh tho pain was davbloped. But what sort of moasuro is it to ba? Why tho noarost possible to no measure at all :-just enough to arrear by, though hardly enough to swear at. <rToo bad . for a blessing, too good for a curs«, wo WI'BII from ?our heart'tworo better or worse" Thirty aonti ,arc to bo taken from boroughs, partially and wholly disfranchised. Six now boroughs to bc created. Ton seats tí bo added to tho eountios ; and a trivial redistribution of oxlsting scats. To itlils basis of adjustment, the broadest bottomed Lord /olin fools that there would bo any uso In proposing, tho Darby ¡toa, will agree,, and Bright not very energetically dissent, also for tho simple roaaon that it would bo no usc, not only in tho houso but in tho country, after all, the twenty years' gibberish about comprehonsivo billB, and tho necessity of settling tho thing enduringly, and patting an end to agitation, and so on. Bat how 4Q0Rt U)o franoWiC.? Why, what docs it mutter ? I>. doesn't signify two straws whether .tlio qualification be ten,pounds or tCDrt;»%illin^rvT.be.^reraU ..'Would /and will, he exactly ¿tho ß?me itt' eithe* ca?o. ¡j AB has been been asked hero vnatty^tnos,} it may bo sashed again*withthe ^certainty of receiving., rio answer^. Wonld any man noAv dui of. Parliament, and who ought to bo in- T>arUament, get- in-because of-nn altered franchise ? Who is he ? Whore ia he ! _wlmt would ho do if he were in ? Hovy wonld he set" nboutTit?" "Whence derive" the surï^ort* that should impart » weight which does not "pertain to other men? The whole thing is a chimera, and a very mitigated one too ; and so will it continue till' we really do hear the warbling of that bird I which, thirty years ago, chirped in tho ear of the poet-tho true vates is both bard and SOOT--that I ,{the people by and hy will be stronger."" Then BB to the new boroughs. GFcomrse yonr ¡ greatest hnypmosB principle takes a self-intoresiing turn, and you ask-Shall Birkenhead have a membor 2 Perhaps a condition precedent, as the lawyers say, is. Shall -Toxteth-park have one ? That -interrogatory may be answered in the affirmative, not meroly beoanso tho Park is a portion of Liverpool, and that the -eyes of Europe aro especially tamed just now on a locality that hs.8 produced four letter writers Of surprising pawer of face,'if not of the most piquant ?penman- ship, but becauso tho Park 'is an appanage of Knowsley,- the propitiation of whoso proprietor j «s a primary essential to the success of th o bill ; thereby preventing the necessity 01 manning vrui for a House of Lords-a spcoies of prayer neve Indulged in except when said house aot idiotically j and the dementod'nre genorally cot sidered Bpecial proteges of 'Providence. A depends upon Hotspur taking the Russell bill coo' and it is quito understood that he means to do so is prepared accordingly, so as to provoke tb smallest hostility possible:; «nd thereby leave th executive free to deal with the, congress complica tions, tho late ministers assisting in the Ionia: manner of Gladstone, if need be, and need indeed sore need, will -there be, 'and is there already Infinite are the perplexities-that beset Lord Jobi on all sides, fearing to'tumble into a trap befon his noso if he go on, and doubly fearing to h a vi his heels tripped np 'if he tarry behind.; His re monstrance, while ot Vienna, against puppe Clarendon's, monstrous surrender of the BIucl Sea littoral and the sovereignty of Circassia t< Russia shews that he must have oven then had.i glimmer of the game that was being inaugurated and is now hurrying, to its dénouement. He scei Sir Henry Bulivor at Constantinople demurely going through -the farce of protending to back thc Sultan in that long cut and dried businoss, thc Suez canal-artery through which tho life- blood of both thc Ottoman and tho British lion will presently be pouring out. He sees Cowley at the Tuileries, unable even to masquerade as c British minister, so denationalised ha3 the man become by that dual foreign subservienoy extorted from him as tho price ofilia being pitchforked by Nickolas from Trankfort to Paris. And, lastly. Lord John seos Charlatan Cavour going there too, ns it wns long ago plnnnod that, he should, when the quackery of his resignation was devised, for Lord John can bo under'none of our newspapers nonsensically; about that veracious worthy's active acknowledgment of the suzerainty of manifold, masters, and neither . of them a good ono. Ho sees, must see this ; but to what purpose, what can, he do? The obvious first stop would be to pack off Stratford do Rodoliffe, and tell bim to play Sir Hector Stubble as overbearingly as he he liked among tho whole crew, whom.his.know-. ledges of. their conjoint roguorioB would »ot by;, tho cars in a twinkling ; ruicl thon honest mon riiiglit come by their own; But Louis Blano or Ledru Rollin would he a welcome plpnipotontiary in comparison, for tho' simplo reason that ho knows what they aro all about, and would tell thom so ; and ho knows, moreover, that they know he doos know, and would proclaim his useful knowledge, thc most useful in tho world if thc world would but uso it, would but think for'itsolf, instead of having its opinions fabricated for it. Next best (J)ing to Stratford going would be for Lord John to go hitnsolf, only it would be equally impossible, and for much tho same reason ;-ho would upset the oonch, nnd enpsizo all tho juggling rattletraps into the road, though probably squashed himself, , wherennnn Ills noblo friends boro would nf conrso oxolium, " Sorvo liim right." No ohance, how ovor, of hia notting the opportunity. If there wera thc smallost likolihood molehills would bo forthwith magnified into mountains to kcop him off. One of thoso would bo placing Antonolli, tho Nuncio, in tho presidential chair, and con- sequently tho author of tho Durham Letter on a footstool :-a speotaele |that would turn Exoter Imll topsyturvy, and drive Sir Culling Eardley stark mad. Even as it is, there may considerable confusion on -that rod hntted head ; for whether his Eminoncc'bo on the high horse or not ho will still be on a lovel with Bull, who is bound by no ond of promunirc points to avoid all diplomatie recognition of thc empurpled frailty of tho Seven ITills. Hud Palmerston gono to congress of course tho objection would havo been equally potent, or perhaps moro so ; for what would Shaftesbury say to the Man of God sitting under tho man of sin ? It .is truo that at another and greater congress Gonsnlvi represented another Pius ; and that not only did Castlereagh recognise him as Papal plonipo, but George IV. sent Sir Thomas Lawionco to Eorao to paint that wondrous companion portrait to the PontiiPs, both of which hang in tho Windsor Waterloo Gallery, or'at^ least the Gallery, till'lately, so called $ and that it ia called so no longer is enough to oauso tho ghosts of tho originals in tho frames to porambulato tho apartments in pattcnB, and go through St. Vitus' pollen with indignant perturbation, because of such debasement in the shapo of Brnmmagem chivalry. But those .were vory different days from those Then the first of tho Guolphs pensioned the last, of the Stuarts, cardinal though ho was, and King of England though the royal York called himself. But Iroland was in a less theologically Tippernryfiod condition. Therein consists the wholo difference betweoti Gonsnlvi's and Antonolli's congressional status, ns contemplated from a Protestant point of vio w, which, bocntiso of this Irish oloment, happons to bo a cardinal point. I Tho Foreign Sccrotnry is said by his oity friends to Lave vory littlo of his own way in foroign affairs, though making a prodigious fuss about them, but that he is quictonad by being allowed to do as ho likos with roform; and lie doesn't Uko much, though he would liko moro than ho ^nds possible Thoro is also said to havo been j considerable oontontion na to tho appointment of tlio assistant British Minister at Paris. It is thought tho person first pitched upon, not by Lord John, but by hts ch ¡of, was Sholburno, Lansdowno's son and heir ;-a man of great promise*, groat opportunities, and witli thc ambition to sustain the political orcdit of tho tillo ho boars, of oqna.'Ung that Sholburno whom our Coningsby chronicler jtella us wno tho ablest statesman tho whig porty ¿ver produaod, though but littlo is acouratoly known* of him. Tho present lord, howovor, bas boon A t'oroplpto cipher. Though then ten yearn in tho Commons tot the family pocket borough ot Daine, be scarcely once oijened lúa Hps ; and when made a supernumerary ti'ord of the Treasury in '47,'to givo bini a chance of bringing out what was in him,'be resigned in a few months. When made a peer, as Lord Wycombe, [his present real title,] for his father's barony,-he Avas Under-Foreign', Secretary . to Clarendon1 ! for two-years, '5G-SV Hero, he .shewed.mf.oh'industryjn "detail,, as.well usuuusual courtesy also ;-for he did,answer pressing letters soraetlrfng under a month, on the average ; and thereby vastly annoyed, and not a little disgusted, the circumlooutionary subordinates of the depart- ment. They deemed such unprecedented promptitude altogether derogatory to the dignity ' of red tape; and thought that the poignancy of j ' their feelings should be compensated tn the superannuation scale, IHMS Josepa .nanway ooachman who said ho didn't mind joining in th family prayers provided it was considered in hi wages. Shelburne would probably make a -ver fair second at Paris, and couldn't well be wora than Cowley ; but then much the same o*bjectioi applios to the former as to the latter, namely, hi pliability under- alien pressure, partly through hi individual lack Of 'firmness, and partly througl his foreign connexions;, being allied to th i Woronzoffs by his first wife, and to the Bona partes through his present one, daughter of Conn Flahnult, and consequently something more thai cousin to L. N. B., if tho lato Hortense be no very unjustly scandalised. An impression tbh middle-aged personage of these connexions wouli be rather out of his element,, or perhaps a con founded deal- too much in hiseleraont, in Paris a such a season as that before us. At least such is sai i to be the opinion of Lord John, who, though too il to bc at ' -yesterday's telegraphically convenei cabinet, unable to risk tho cold -of a trip fron Pembroke -Lodge, Richmond, to Downing-street is understood to have caused the council to bi summoned about something of imperative cogency within his particular cognizance ;-nobody knowi what. Perhaps it . is. something about tha portentous business in Morocco, which is know! to trouble him much, as meaning a vast deal morl than ; it seems. . But, then, maybe, ho is unduly sensitive on the. consanguineous score also; for, having married an Elliot, lie may consider thal whatever menaces Gibraltar should be special!) resented' by one having a right to claim kindred with fiery old Sir Gilbert, whose redhot balls blew up the amazing armaments of France and Spain, destroying in a single m¿ht materiel to the amount of two million pounds sterling, including ten floating batteries, deemed invincible, and oarrying 212 guns;-not ''arras of precision," it is true, but still tolerably stiff ones, seeing that for weoks together ' G,000 shells a day were thrown upon the Rock, while on one occasion 8,000 barrels of powder were expended for. thc same philanthropic object, that pf opening tho way for tho 40,000 .troops who wore dying lo get inside, and half of them did die without getting there, or a man of the ether half eithe". Doubtless as ¡Lord John swallows Drinkwater's description of those doings ho thinks that commanding tho Channel fleet would ba a more joke to ' such performances ; and drawing inspiration from ' recollection of tho prowess of Lady J.'s progenitor, he goes in for the ten million loan to .set up half a-dozen Gibraltars at homo. But where are tho General Elliots to hold them ? Echo answers "I haven't tho least idea." Her Majosty's ministers say ditto to Echo, and tho public.say ditto to the ministers, all the rifle movement to the contrary notwithstanding ; and notwithstanding also the fraternisation of aristocrats and plebeians in i^ttao drill's ' for " thoro' : may' »owr\ nightly \ "t»o soon baronets and barona' of all «logrona going through evolutions sido by. side with dorks and shop- keepers, in Westminister-hnll. Certain other reports from that chamber o horrors just now, however, must moko ? anxiou; tho mothers of juveniles learning the young ides how to shoot, aoout their offspring hoing out ic such quarters. Fouler and more mcphitic ' dailj grow tho moral exhalations from tho ' courts, though nothing of tho particularly abominable character hinted at hore these two weeks; past has yet come out. Something additional, and quite différent from this, is announced in ono of the fashionable journals to-day as being ''nearly ready" for tho delectation of our christian public during the Christmas holidays, namely--V a tragedy equally horrible, though moro English in its details, than - Madame Lomoino's." As it novcr rains but it pours, to-day also produces a whole'crop of pruriencies. Thus wo have the announcement of a brace more of elopements, one hoing a lady wealthy in her own right, and wife of alogislutor, with her footman ; so that there isn't muoh likelihood of Yellow Plush being committed to Whitoeross prison in dofault of inability to pay costs in a suit of divorce, as was tho caso to-day, before tho Inmlvent ' .Commissioner, with a fellow whom his solicitor sued for £80, the expenso of defending him in an.anti-matrimony matter of this sort. Then wo have tho Honorable Mr. Bowley again swearing.that his wife lately perjured ber solf to got. rid of him,' for that he wasn't a bruto at all, and didn't cut off all hor hair, only half it, and didn't lock hor up in a room, only shut thc door and put thc key in his pocket ; and, finally, that he was vary fond of her, inasmuch as he once cnllod her " Titty," and sho called .him Ducky," and ho nllowod her to carry £1,000 in a girdle round her waist : and help horself to the money as freely as she pleased ; and certainly if tho Honorable Mr. Rowley did that tho Hon. Mr. Rowley dosorves all he got, and the groat deal moro that's coming next week.; for his Into hotter-half is going to swear that ho is much worse > than she originally made him out. Finally, the causo list in nearly each of tho conrts bristles all ovor with notices of trials bespeaking a state of things that renders it highly desirable the Now Zealanders or South Sea Islandor«! should aond a few missionaries to rottore us to a con- sciousness of what's what in ,1859, or at least pf what ought to be what in I860, whoh, the atmo- sphere won't bo quite so frigorifie as at prose ot, and the moral perceptions will, it is to bc hoped, bo correspondingly improved. Cold a« tho weather is, tho cash of some pcoplo of that class tho separation between whom and whose money is proverbially ensy seems tc ! be so burning' their pockets that "hoy must got rid of it ; and, Accordingly,' they rush to the fashionable auotion-rooms as tho. readiest means. Tho solo-season has not yot set in fully ; but the preliminary offerings thus far portend alarming sacrifices, not of tho Jots, but of tho bidders therefor. Among tho collections destined for the hnmmor next wook is ono <tbat ought to awaken some Momeyoan emotions, seeing that it contains many a souvenir of tho ownor^s better clays on both banks of your loo.il stream. On Monday, j Fosters, of Pall-mall, havo a two days' salo of | items of vertu belonging to Sir ThomiM Tobin, onco of Livorpool, but lately of Dallincolli'g, Cork, now, in oonscquonoo Af ill hoalth, about to go abroad, whore ho has lived a long timo, and having, in tho , courso of vory cxtonsivo travels, formed the nssomblngo of rarities about to bo dispersed. In tholr selection ho was assietod by his aooo?o plished lady, who i* howeJf a member of thc ?alcstine Archaolgical Society ;- not an honorary >r complimentary, but « real one, having honestly jamed ber admission by genuino qualifications icquired on the spot, as is testified by ber transla- tion of BottuV elaborate letters on the Nineveh Discoveries, and nlsp by ; an. original work, Shadowa_ o/j the East, ' consisting of Jiikctohes ol Scenery, Porsons,; and Costumes, during a tour in Egypt, ftc, in '53-t. Of this volume, a highly illustrated- large -8vo.,~only -a- few- copies -were printed; and of these the residue,- about a dozen, are included in Monday's sale. Lady Tobin comes of a learned and strong-minded race, being the eldest daughter of Lister Ellis, of Oroftbead, Cumberland, and granddaughter of Baines Gar fortb, of Steeton Hali, Yorkshire. Sir Thomas himself is a sort of multipotent savant, being a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in London, Copenhagen, and half-a-dozen other placos, pre- sident of the Cork Athenteum, and otherwise eminent in intellectual pursuits. The collection comprises many fine specimens of Egyptian, Etruscan, Roman, and other antiquities, several of great merit, such as a large brass bowl and stand, richly inlaid and engraved, with Cufio cha- racters in silver, brought from Damascus ; a Persian pipe-bowl, enamelled on copper with tho most brilliant colours, from Bagdad, or, à Sir j Thomas, with Orientally accurate orthography, bas it, Baghdag ; portions of the tomb of Ps'am mutbis, Thebes, from Belzoni's collection ; and some medieval carved figures in oak, once much prized by Pugi a. Then there is some very fine painted and jewelled Sevres, Dresden, and other oostly china ; and about a dozen piotures of con- siderable excellence. Among tho lattor is a beautiful miniature, on ivory, of Charles I. and Henrietta Maria and family, by the late Mr. Hargreaves of Liverpool, from the original picture nt Hampton Court ; as also a highly finished ivory miniature, by the same artist, of Lucretia, from the original of Titian; The Roman dame, in tho act of consummating tho immortal tragedy, makes so very demonstrative an exhibition of the charms which inflamed Tarquin that it has been deemed advisable to 'convert her into a cabinet curiosity, shutting her up in glass,.under a. white and gold case ; other- wise thero might ho an application of John Lord Campbell's Anti-Potiphar Act of Parliament tba' would rather embarrass the possessor of the exotic gem, oven in these rather lax days, when a "Doctor's Commons' counsel speaks of a clergyman of tho Church of England and bis paramour as talking in tho manner of ''Peregrine Pickle," and when a questionable doctor of another kind declines to say how long he knew tho samo reverend functionary because the establishment bed fallen into such disrepute. A doubla pair of nudes of a different doscri ption, and not at all sug- gestive of, anything obj ecttonablo even to the ?president of the Magdalene Society, the absence 'of tho fig leaf notwithstanding, are, first, a Carrara marble group, Cupid restoring nnimatibn to Psyche ; and, secondly, two figures of Diana and Apollo, ' redueed from the antique, and pur - chased by Sir Thomas in Italy :-tho wholo beautiful compositions, and executed with infinite spirit and delicacy, and forming probably the most attractive feature in tho collection. ' 