TASMANIAN COUNCIL OP EDUCATION, DEGREE OF ASSOCIATE OF ARTS.' I A NEW era in the Educational history of tho Colony was inaugurated yesterday with all tho solemnity and ceremonial befitting the important occasion. The time had como when the first results of the im- petus given to Superior Education by legislation wore to bo made manifest. Two years ago the question of Superior Education was brought pro- minently before the Parliament, and in November, 1838, an Act was passed to establish a Council of Education with power to grunt a certain degree, and to endow Scholarships tenable in the United Kingdom by tho youth of Tasmania. Under the P'ovisions of that Act a Council of Education was appointed, consisting of fifteen members, to which was given the power of conferring the Degree of Associate of Arts upon all students who should pass a satisfactory examination in such subjects as the Ciuucil should select. By tho same Act 8 "Tasma- nian Scholarships" were established, of the annual value of Jß200,teuable for four years at a British Uni- versity, two to bo competed for in the year 1801, and two in each succeeding year, Candidates for which must havo previously taken the Degree of Associate of Alis. The annual examination for tho A.A. Degree is roquirud by the Act to take place between tho 1st of September and tho aObh of November, the first, examination to be held in the year 18U0, and the Council accordingly appointed Tuesday the 18th ins'fc., and following days, as tho period for tho examination in the present year. un Tuesday week twelve Candidates presented ficniselves at the Preliminary Examination which was hold in the Court House, Campbell-street, in the presence of a largo assemblage of the citizous, the examination for the most part being viva voce. Of the twelve Candidates three were rejected by the Examiners, and in consequence nine only were sent up us Candidates for the AA. Degree. The examination for the Dogree continued for several days,thc following being the Examiners in tho res- pective subjects:-English, L iii», Greek, Pare Mathe- matics, anil Natural Philoiophy-M. H. Irving Esq. M.A.,Professor of classical and comparativo philo- logy and logic in the University of Melbourne, and the Rev. F. H. Cox, M. A. f rcncli-F. H. Hens lowe, Esq. Cltemistey-E. S. P. Bedford, Esq F. R. C. S. Drawing and Architecture-Rev. J. Dixon and H. Hunter Esq. Geology-R. Officer, Esq., M. A. Yesterday was duly notified as the day appointed for bringing up the Report of (tho Examiners, and for the ceremony of conferring tho Dogrco of Associate of Arts upon the successful Candidates j and it was a, day looked forward to with unusual interest, not only by the friends of the Candidates, und those who had always taken au activo part in promoting education, but by the general public. This was tho first time that auythiug of tim kind had takou place in Tasmania. The efforts of many who had excrboJ tUomsolvos to stimulate Superior Education wore to rooeive their first fruition, and the considerate wisdom of Parliament was to obbaiu the confirmation of success. Seldom in this Colony has such a brilliant assemblage been seen as was gathered together yesterday in the Court House, Macquario-strect, to witness the interesting proceedings connected with this new featuro in Education, of conferring Degree* upon those who had passed the requisito examination, and aro thus qualified to compete for the Tasmanian Scholarships in tho ensuing year. The spacious room had boen specially arranged for the purpose. Tho raised portion ut thefurthorend was appropriated by tho ladios, tho conti« of tho Judges' bench being sot apart for nis Excellency Sir Henry uud Lady Young. Immediately below chairs woro placed for the inombers of the Council of Education, tlio bnrristors' table having been removed, and at the oopoùto bide sat the Examiner and the successful candidates, the remaining portion of tho circle being occupied by the relativo* aud friends of the successful candidates. Members of Parliament wore accommodated in the Reporters' boi, the jury box being sot apart for the repre- sentatives of the Press j aud the body of tho room was filled with ladies and gentleinon whoso presence indicated tho interest they took in tho proceedings, and groups of pupils from tho principal schools in the city wcro aprinkljj hero and there, many of them, perhaps, aspirants for aeadouiic distinction at a futuro day. At five inhiute.i past two o'clock His Excellency tho Govornor and Lady Young, attended by li. Maulo, Esq., A.D.C., were conducted into the room by the Secretary to the Couucil, Murray Burge«, Esq., and tool: their seats in the centre of the Judges' bench. Immediately afterwardstboraoinbore \- ¡ of tho Council of Education carno in, headed by the Hon. W. E. Nairn, Esq., President of the Legisla- tive Council, who acted as Chairman in the absence of Sir Valentino Fleming, the President. Tho Chair- man, attired in academic robes, occupied the seat in the centre of the space below the dais» supported on the right by the Right Rev. Dr. Nixon, Lord Bishop of Tasmania, E. S. P. Bedford, Esq., Dr. Butler, M. H. A., and . the Rev. R.D. Harris, M.A., and on tho loft by the Right Rev. Dr. Willson, Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town, Rev. J. Buckland, B.A., Rev. G-. Clarke, Dr. Officer, M.H. A. and F. H. Henslowe, Esq., all mem- bers of the Council of Education. On the opposite side were seated such of tho Examiners, as were not members of tho Council, namely Professor Irving, the Rev. F.H. Cor, B.A., the Rev. J. Dixon, and H. Hunter, Esq., and the successful candidates, namely, Charles Alexander Hope, George Parra- more, Alfred W. Garrett, and Percy Oakden, and also W. H. Quick, who obtained a certificate of merit, Emanuel Levy, also recommended for a cer- tificate of merit, being absent. ~ On the dais we noticed, in addition to Lady Young, Mrs. Nixon, Lady Fleming, Mrs. F. Smith, Mrs. Nairn, Mrs. Davies and Miss Davies, Mrs. J. Buckland and Miss Buckland, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Officer and Miss Officer, Mrs. Maddox, Mrs. Murray Burgess ; and in the body of the court, tho Misses Russell, Mrs. Maning, Mrs. T, Giblin, Mrs. D. McPherson, Miss Lavers, Miss Walters, Mrj. T. J. Knight, Mrs. Duff McKay, Mrs. Dobson, Mrs. Brammall, the Misses Garrett, Mrs. G. B. Smith, and muuy others. Among the gentlemen present were the Hon. Francis Smith, Premier and Attorney- General, Hon. W. Henty, Colonial Secretary, Ven. Arch- deacon Davies, Rev. A. Davenport, Rev. G. B Smith, Rev. W. Quick, Captain Fenton, M. H. A., Speaker of the House of Assembly, Hon. W. Button.M.L.C, Hon. I. Bisdee, M. L. C, Hon. W. Cartor, M. L. C, C. Henty, Esq., M. H. A. W. Archer Esq., M. H. A., J. D. Balfe, Esq., M. H. A., J. Sherwin, Esq., M. H. A,, F. Houghton, Esq., M. H. A, E. Abbott, Esq., M. H. A., R. P. Adams, Esq., M. H. A., A. F. Rooke, Esq., M. H. A., J. Forster, Esq., Inspector of Police, J. Roberts, Esq., Justin Browne, Esq., H. J. Buckland, Esq., J. H. Walch, Esq., G. Smith, Esq., C. Brammall, Esq., &c.;, &c;, &c.; The scene presented at this moment was of a most interesting character, and tho presence of the Right Reverends Dr. Nixon and Dr. Willson, the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, Professor Irving, and several of the clergy in full academic costume seemed most appropriate to the occasion. The proceedings were opened by tho Chairman calling upon Professor Irving to read tho Report of the Examiners. PBOFESBOB IBVINO then read the following Report : Ma. PBESIDENT, In framing for the information of the Council the Report of the first Examination for the Degree of Associate of Arts held in Tasmania, the Examiners have judged it right, that not only should the results, both general und special, of that Examination be laid before you, but also that BOiuedetails should begivenconcerningtheprinciples by which the Examiners have beeu guided in pre- paring that Examination, and concerning tho method in which it has beeu conducted. Our Report therefore falls under three heads. 1\. A sketch of what the Examinera proposed to do. 2\. A history of tin Examinatioa shewing how far their intentons have been carried out. 3\. A statement of the results of the Examina- tion. 1\. At their first meeting the Examiners con- sidered it one of their principal dutieä to apportion a fair value to each of tho subjects set down in the Council's programme. They determined that the value of tho nine subjects selected by intending candidates should be MARKS. The English Language, History, Geography. 1000 Latin. 800 Mathematics. 800 Greek. 000 French. 400 Natural Philosophy..',. 400 Chemistry. 400 Geology. 400 Drawing and Architecture. 400 lu making this estimate the Examinera were guided by two considerations ; first, the time and the labor which would probably have been bestowed on each subject by Candidates of average age and ability; and, secondly, f heir importance in this Examination regarded OÍ a stage nob tuerelj in a CUissical, but also in a General Education. The next point to be determined was what total number of marks should quality for the Dsgreo of Associate of Arts ? It was evident that on the one hand a Candidate might satisfy tho conditions if ho presented four subjects worth only 2000 marks-¿ay, for example, Latin SOO, French, Drawing, Geometry, 1200 ; while, ou tho other hand, ho might present subjects worth U200, if ho prepared English, Latin, Mathematics, and Greek. The Examiners therefore aftor considerable deliberation decided that the standard for the Third Class or ordinary degree should bu 1,200 marks, for the Second Class 1,000, and for tho First 2,00u>, and that 800 marks should qualify for the Council's certificate. It was further determined, that, just as no moro advanced knowledge would avail a Candidate if he failed to pass the Preliminary Examination, so no marks in any subject should be availablo to a Candidato for the Degree unless the number of marks was sufficient to satisfy the Examinera on that subject. This rulo was lound necessary in tho first great competitive examination whero many subjects of different character had to bo combined for ouo final result, viz., tlio Indian Civil Servio3 Examination, and has since been generally adopted to prevent Candidates from acquiring a mero smattering on many subjects, and to urge them to concentrate their attention on a few or at least on such a number us they can acquire thoroughly. It was determined that the Preliminary Examin- ation should occupy ono day, and that the viví voce which the Regulations of the Council rendered necessary should bo held in the morning and a paper given in the afternoon. But having regard to tho possible nervousness of Candidates, and to the difficulty of comparing with accuracy tho ni ml voce answering of diil'eront Candidates, tho Exam- inera decided that no Caudidatc should bo rejected on the viva ooce alone, unless his reading aloud rendered it impossible to puss him. It was further arranged that tho Gonoral Ex- amination should occupy bix days, two papers of throe hour) each being allotted to Greek, Litin, English, Mathematics, and Drawing respectively, and one ofthiee hours to each of tho othor subjects. This arrangement mudo the Examination some- what long, but tho Examiners wore unxious that the attainment-i Of tho Candidates should bo thoroughly tested, while they woro unwilling that their energies should ba taxed to answer papers in the evening. As individual candidatos were known to soma of the Examiners it was further detormiind that the system of putting a motto and nota name to the papers should bo ndo;<tcd. Each Candidate was directed to deliver to tho Secretary a sealed en- velope with his motto outbide and liis name within, which cnvelopo was not to bo opened till the cloie of tho Examination. Priuted Directions to Candidates woro also pro pared for their help and guidance, 2\. Having thus briofly sketohoJ tho princi- ples ou which ibu Examiuers pio:eojedthe Histoiy of the Examination next calls for nome details. Tile Preliminary Examination tsol; placo as pro- posed on Tuosday tho 18th September, and on the following morning the Examiners met to receive tho Report ol' tho two of their number to whom it had boen entrusted. Before, however, the envelopes containing the mottce i were opeued,ouo ol'tho Examiners informed his colleagues that some of tho questions to bo proposed to tho Candidatos in English and in Lutin ¡tad reached him. It wa j found that the inform- ation conveyed to him was correct, and as the Examiners had no means of judging how much or how little of tho printed papers at the Government Printing Office hud been divulged, it was deter. mined that the whole should bu cancelled and new paper-aprupivi'od. Aaitappoaredpossiblotliatthecon tents ol' the preliminary paper might also huvo been divulgod a second paper was dictated to tho Candidates on Wednesday morning, and certain necessary changes were niado in the Timo T.iblo in order that though one day had beau tims lo>t the Examination might still close within the time ap- pointed, Tho preparation of these new papers hud entailed considerable trouble to the Examiners, and even moro to the Secretary of the Council, to whouo un- wearied diligence the Examiners mainly owo it, that by the aid of lithography and tho copying press, it became impossible that the second series of paper« could be known. After tho warning once received, ni precaution to ensure scorcoyj.was neglected, and the Council may rest assured tha* the object has been obtained. Though the Examiners judged it light, undertho circumstance?, that the Preliminary Examination should be repeated, it is only just to the Candi- dates to stato that they entertained no suspicion whatever that any one of the Candidates had availed himself of surreptitious information, but in fact were inclined from tho answers to believe that the paper was quite unknown to all. In this belief they were confirmed by the result of the second examination in which no one who had passed tho first was rejected. 3\. Wo now come to the result'', special and gene- ral, of the Examination : Of the sixteen Candidates who put down their names, four had withdrawn, and of the twelve re- maining threo wore rejected attho Preliminary Examination. In this the answering generally was defective, which the Examiner? attribute to three causes, mainly to the last : 1\. The want of practice in some instances in ' writing answers. ' 2\. The want of precise text books for this Examination. 3\. The tendency which is constantly found to neglect Pass work and to push on to those higher subjects in which Candidates im- agine they will distinguish themselves. The proportion of Candidates rejected, is not, however, large, as compared with the results of the English Examinations foi the Degree of Asso- ciate of Arts. For example, in the Exeter Middle Class Examination, in 1857, which as the first held in England, may be fairly compared with ours, Mr. Temple reports that out of 34 Seniors l8, and out of 72 Juniors 50, cannot be said to have passed, though the number actually rejected was i) out of 34, and 27 out of 102. Ho adds a remark which so thoroughly embodies our conviction that we will quote it: " I do not think the schools universally " recognize the importanco of a thorough know- ledge of the simplest elements of learning as a " condition of all progress afterwards." We now proceed to specify the results of th General Examination under its several heads :-' ¿-ENGLISH LANGTJAOV. .ANT» LITDUATÜRE - INCLUDING GEOGRAPHY, PHYSICAL. POLITICAL, AND COMMERCIAL, AND ENGLISH HISTORY, TO THE ACCES SION OF HENRY VHT. All the Candidates presented themselves, two were rejected, three passed, and four passed with credit, by which term wo mean obtained moro than half marks. The answering in Geography and History was generally fair, that in English less satisfactory, especially when it is considered that the Examina- tion was almost entirely confined to the Text Books prescribed. The two candidates rejected were extremely deficient in English Grammar, n.-LATIN. Nine Candidates, three rejected, passed four, . passed with credit two. In this subject as in English, the ground of re- jection was ignorance of elementary work, of the simpler principles of accidence and of syntax. Though the translations from Latin were in several instances careful and creditable, hardly anyone displayed much command over either tho Syntax, or the vocabulary of the Latin Language iu the translation from Euglish into Latin. HI.-GREEK. Five candidates only presented themselves, none were rejectee1, three passed, two passed with credit. The work doi.e in this subject was on the whole better than in Latin ; though in some candidates there were nnrks of imperfect preparation in Grammar, and want of facility in writing the Greek character. The kuowledge of tho books prescribed was creditable, but none attempted with sueco is translation at sight. ' rv.-MATHEMATICS. Nino candidates, two rejected, five pissed, two passed with credit. The two rejected failed in thou' Euclid and dis- played very slight knowledgo of Algebra. A fair amount of knowledgo was displayed in the lower work by all who passed, hut with one remark- able exception there was a lack of that clearness and precision wliich is s.0 particularly required in mathematical work. Candidates geuorally do not seeiii to be aware that the work of a mathematical problo ii should read intelligibly, and are therefore prone to omit connecting links in their demon- strations, and to give hiuts of pi ocesses rather than the processes themselves. In the higher paper four candidates only can bo said to have dono fairly. With the cxeoption of the Euclid, their work though good in quality was deficient in quantity. V.-NATURAL PHILOSOPHY. Only one Candidato in this subject, and he from the amount of his knowledge could not have ex- pected to satisfy tho Examiners. Vt.-FRENCH. Nino Candidates, rejected three, passed five, passed with credit, one. The most conspicuous defect in the Candidates generally is a want of acquaintance with tho syntax and construction of tho language, as well as familiarity with idioms. One only ol' tho Can- didates (Oakden) appeared to have any apprecia- tion of tho genius of _tho language. It follows of course that all command over the language or power of using it for practical purposes is wanting; one of the books has howevor been carefully read by several of the Candidates,who shewed a consider- able facility in rendering the French into English, and seemed well grounded in the moro elementary portion of the Grammar. VII.-CHEMISTRY. Two Candidates presento] themselves, both of whom passed with credit. Their answers were highly satisfactory parti- cularly when it is romemborcd that not moro than two hours and n quarter woro allowed for tho sub ject, the Candidates having been engaged for several hours before .that day in Examination on other subjects. There not being any tests and apparatus to make a practical Examination, questions only could be given to the Students. It is very desirablo that for future Examinations arrangements should be made to supply this want. VIII.-GEOLOGY. One Candidate, i>assed with credit, havlug an- swered correctly a very largo number of the ques- tions proposed. IX.-DRAWING AND ARCHITECTURE. Two Candidates/ both passed with credit. Their knowledgo of tho theory and practico of Drawing from tho Flat, from models, and also from memory, and the amount of tasto and skill displayed in their Architectural Designs, far ex- celled tho expectations of the Examiners. Tho answers to tho quostions given, aud tho manner iu which the various Drawings woro ev edited, entitle both tho Candidates to the highest number of marks that eau be awarded in this Sec- tion. Wo subjoin tho General Class List and the Spe- cial Class Lists, omitting from tho latter tho names ol' those who luivo not passod for tho Degree of Associate of Arts, TASMANIAN COUNCIL OP EDUCATION.-Examin- ation for tho Degree of Associate ol' Arts Septonibor, 18G0. FIRST CLASS. Charles A. Hope, l8 yeaus, Gold Medals for Latin, English mid Mathematics ; High School, Hobart Town; Rev. It. D. Harris, M.A., Master. George Parramore, 10 years, Gold Medal for low- ing ; Horton Collogo, ltos¿ ; Samuel fltjdiqu, Esq., Head Master. Alfred W. Garrett, 1« years, Gold Modal for Grook ; Hutchins. School, Hobart Town, and Privato Tuition j Rovs. J. it. Buckland and Ar- thur Davenport. SECOND CLASS. Percy Oakden, 18 years, .........., Horton College, Ross ; Samuel Fiddian, Esq., Head Master. Recommended by the Examiners for the Council's Certificate of Merit,-AV. II. Quick, (ago K1), E. Levy, (ago 15), In the following Class Lists the First Clnsi ii ar- ranged in order of Merit, tho Second in alphabeti- cal order : English, First Class; C.A. Hopo ; A.W. Garrett j G. Parramore ; P. Oakden. Latin, First Class ; C. A. Hope ; A. W. Garrott Second Class ; P. Oakden i Q, Parramore, Grook, First Class ; A. W. Garrett ; C. A. Hopo Socond Chess, G. l'arrainóro. Matheinutics, First Class ; C. A. Hope ; Q. Par- ramore. Second Class, A. W. Garrett ; 1*. Oakden. Chemistry, First Class ; P. Oakdon ; 0. Parra- more. Socond Class, none. N Drawing, First Class ; O, Purramora ; P. Oak- den. Second Class ; none, French, First Class ; P. Oakden. Second Class, A. W. Garrett; C. A. Hope ; G. Parramore. Tho Second Prizes hiwu boen thus awarded : Euai.isu-Garrett. LATIN-Garrett. GRKKK-Hope. MATU I.M ATICS -Parramore. The Examiiiors in Drawing huvo recommended Parramore for a Special Gold Medal, and they regrot that tltoy cniinot from his position iu the \- Ckmaral Class List, recommend Oakden for a second Prize. The same Candidate would have been (but for tliis reason) recommonded for First Prizes in French and in Chemistry. In conclusion, the Examiners "TOnturo to con- gratulate the Council on the icsult of their work. The high position assumed by those who have passed is most gratifying. Those who have failed are all young, and have ample time before them, indeed some of them could hardly at their ago have expected success. Another year's prepara- tion, particularly after the experience of Óiis Ex- amination, may well fit thom to occupy as high a, position as their more fortunate rivals of to-day. Their work is now deficient in accuracy and preci- sion ; this defect they will best remedy by frequent and careful writing ; and one thing we would wish to impress upon those who may bo Candidates either for the Associate of Arts Degree or for the Scholarship in future years, namely, that a few subjects well and thoroughly studied, are far more useful, both as an exercise for tho mind, nnd for success in an Examinatiou,than many things super- ficially learnt., One word for ourselves and wo have done. Wo have endeavored to set forth clearly the principles by which we have been guided, and the standard which we have adopted. Some may imagine that our aim has been fixed too high ; we can only say that we have endeavored to adopt as nearly as possible the English standard for the Degree of Associate of Arts. Had we now adopted a lower to raise it heieofter would have been nearly im- possible. Our desire has been,-and we consider that that desire should be Bhared by the Council and by all who are interested in Education-that the Degree of Associate of Arts should not be a mere empty title, but should be the reward of fair ability, steady application, accurate and well digested knowledge. , M. H. IRVING, Chairman of the Board of Examiners. The applause,with which the Report was received, having subsided, \ PROFESSOR IRVING presented Charles Alexander Hope to the Chairman for admission to the Degree of Associate of ArtB, in the following terms : "Mr. Chairman and Members of the Tasmanian Council of Education,-- . I present to you Charles Alexander Hopo as a fit and proper person to be admitted to tho Degreo of Associate of Arts; and I certify to you, and to the Council, that he has fulfilled the conditions prescribed by the Regulations for that Degree." .Tho CHAIRMAN then conferred tho Degree of Associate of Arts upon Hopo in tho following terms:- . "By virtue of tho authority committed to mo, I admit you to the Degree of Associate of Arts." On resuming his seat Hope, now the first elected Associate of Arts in Tasmania, was greeted with warm and hearty cheering. PROFESSOR lit VINO then in Uko manner presented George Parramore, Alfred W. Garrett, and Percy Oakden, to the Chairman, who in duo form con- ferred upon them the Degree of Associate of Arts, and each candidate on retiring was loudly cheered by the spectators. . The Degrees having boon duly conferred, PROFESSOR IRVING next presented William Quick to the Chairman, recommended by the Ex- aminers for a certificate of merit, and the Cliair man in due form awarded Quick a certificate of merit, who resumed his scat amid hearty applause. PROFESSOR IRVING mentioned that a certificate of merit hod been recommended to another candi- date, Emanuel Levy, who, however, was not present. PROFESSOR IRVINO then presented Hope to the Chairman in another capacity, Hope having boen recommended by tho Examiners for three gold medals for proficiency in Latin, English, and Ma- thematics. The CHAIRMAN addressed Hope in a few words, saying that ho had great pleasure in awarding to bim tho three gold medals, which ho had earned by MB ability and loaming, and remarked that ho stood in a distinguished position from having carried off so many prizes. Tho medals had not yet arrived from England, but they would bo pre- sented as soon as they did arrive. Hopo on regaining his seat was welcomed with mach applause. PROFESSOR IRVING than presented in succession George Parramore aud Alfred W. Garrett lo the Chairman, the former being rocoinniendod a gold medal for Drawing, and the latter a gold medal for Greek, who were suitably addressed by the Chairman, and on retiring were aga'n greeted with cheers. The CHAIRMAN then rose and said : It now only remains for mo to declaro this moot- ing closed. Before doing so, however, I think it right to offer a few observations having reference to the oc- casion on which we are assembled. Two years ago the Parliament of this Colony passed the Act, known as tho Tasmanian Scholarship and Educa- tion Act, creating a. Council of Education, to which it gavo the power of conferring tho degreo of Asso- ciate of Arts, and further establishing eight Scholarships of ¿£200 each, tenable for four years, two to be competed for in each year, for the pur- pose of enabling those who obtained them to com Ïlete their education at some one of tho Public Tniversities in Great Britain or Ireland. In considering tho mode in which the Education of theColony might best bo promoted the Parliament appears to have hesitated to plant in its lull growth that which is necessary to the completion of nu en- tire system of Education, namely, an Uuivcn'ty,and to have preferred, if I may so say, to sow the heed of an institution unostentatious in its commence- ment, but having, I belicvo, an inherent power of growing and expanding with the wants of the Colony, and capable of producing results that will eventually stamp upon the community the impress of a high civilization. In the course thus pursued Parliament appears to mo to have acted most wisely. Every year au Examination w ill bo held of all those who may bo willing to present themselves as Candidates for tho Degree of Associate of Arts, and for thoso prizes which the Council has assigned for distinguished merit in certain branches of learning and science. There will also bo in every year hereafter, two Scholarships to bo competed for by thoso who desire to become mombors of BOIUO University at home. To-day four candidates havo been admitted to the degree of Associate of Arts,-the standard of quali- fication required for that degreo being, as nearly as can be estimated by tho Examiners, the caine as that demanded by tho University ol' Oxford for a ?rimilui' distinction. I have to congratulate tho successful Candidates on this occasion, moro especially as tinco of them have been placed in tho first class, mid one in tho second. |t «innot fail to bo to you a source, of present and futuro gratification to find that your names will bo inscribed upon the Rolla of the Council, as tho first qf, j truí-t, a long line of youths who will be found to exercise a most maikcd and beneficial influence on the destinies of their country. Sonic of you will, I anticipate, become Candidates for the Scholarships, which will be competed for noxtyear. Let Ino suggest to you tho importance of obtaining u, thorough ncqaintanco with the grammatical con- struction of any language which you may be required to master. Be »ot too anxious to maleo u rapid progi ess through tho authors you may take up, but lather bo content with what may appear at first a slow advance, but which admits ol'your clearly under- standing every lino and word, and will enable yon afterwards to proceed us rapidly an you muy desire, with that correctness indispensable- to final success, which you will novel- attain without tho patient cure which 1 now advise you to use. What- ever you do let it be dono thoroughly. There is ppen before you a career calculated to stimulate yjoujr (»(ghost exertions. Whoever may obtain the Scholarship will have given pi oof of attainments which will afford, certain ovidenco ol' his being capable of entering tho Universities with every prospect of distinguishing himself, nor are the houoi-s of the University the limit ol'what ho may attain by his learning and ability. Very recontly 0)0 wholo Civil Service of the Einpiro has been thrpwn open to competition, aud ho will havocveiy reasonable prospect of becoming a. successful com- petitor for employment in any one branch of that service, should hi» interest or inclination prompt Um to seek such employment. 'Hie wish of tho colony would probably bo that their scholars should return hot o after tho com- pletion of their University courso, und give their country tho benefit of their talents in whatever -'profession thoy may adopt; but should thoy not do HO, they will still bo bound up with tho country of thoir birth, and refloet upon her a portion of what- ever lustro may attend upon their own career. With regard to thoso of you whoso futuro lino of life will not call upon you lo seek any further ucadumic distinction, 1 would observo that you have this day achieved a most favorable point from which to start upon tho journey of life. By the attainment of a Degreo you havo proved that your all important school days havo boon turned to good account, and you havo given evidonoe of an amount of industry and capacity well calculated te operate most favorably upon your futuro prospocts. I would, however, impress upon you that as yet yon have only laid the foundation of your know- ledge, it will rest with yourselves to raise the super- structure. Whatever your calling or profession may be, you will be always able to find time to make gradual additions to your knowledge either in a special or general direction ; and it should be your caro that each advancing year should find you with increased requirements, enabling you to worthily fill the station of life in which you may be placed. I trust, indeed, that this Degree will be sought for by tho majority of our Colonial yonth. Bom in a free country they will bo called upon to dis- ' charge many duties as citizens, irrespective of the special duties of their calling and profession. As electors or representatives they cannot fail to have a material influence on tho character of the Government, and of what importance does it not become to their own welfare ab well as that of their country, that they should have been so educated as to appreciate tho full force of the maxim, that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing ; that they should have learned the evils arising in all the concerns of human life, out of rashness and presumption, and have some ac- quaintance with those shoals and rocks upon which the fortunes of communities and individuals have been wrecked, and upon which history has placed beacons of warning easily to bo distin- guished by all who have the desire and the capa- city to be guided by her lessons. I trust also that the system which has been adopted will be regarded with favor by the managers of our schools throughout the colony. Under it a yearly satisfactory test is established of the character of the instruction given in each school, while it may reasonably be hoped that in each a small bund, at least, of pupils may be found whoso eagerness for such instruction as may qualify them to obtain a Degree will bo found mate- rially to lighten the toil incidental to the arduous profession of the teacher. Nor woidd I omit again to advert to the public field of advancement opened up by the scholarships, as giving to the teacher the possibility of obtaining one of the highest rewards which can attend upon his labors, namely-that he should be enabled to witness the progress of his favorite pupil through all the gradations of distinction up to his final attainment of eminence and fame. I have, in conclusion, only to express my earnest hope-in which all who are now present, with all those who take an interest in the welfare of Tas- mania, will, I am sure, sincerely join-that the measures which have been taken for the advance- ment of sound and useful learning may, under the blessing of Divine Providence, bo found to produce an abundant harvest. The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat amid much cheering. The proceedings being thus closed.His Excellency and Lady Young withdrew, and the Chairman accompanied by tho Members of the Council and the Examiners then retired. Hope and the other successful candidates were congratulated by His Excellency and Bishop Nixon before thoy left the room, and were Boon surrounded by their school- fellows who were eager to testify tlieir joy and pride at the result of the examination. Thus terminated tho proceedings connected withtho first examination foi the Degree of Associato of Art3, held under the auspices of the Council of Education, and which we have no doubt will have the beneficial effect of giving a decided and successful impetus to the extension and advancement of Superior Educa, tion in this Colony, and which will long bo remem- bered by many of those present as the commence- ment of a new pago in the educational annals of Tasmania. 