? w«r,. ? ^ \- - HUNTING. TXIX 91. II. C. DOIK6S. 'To the can s of tho town wo bid willing ' good bye ' And 'yolcks I tallyho !' we right cheerily cry !' Dkaii Bull,— Our second tryst on Saturday last was at the same spot as tho former week, viz., friend Over man s, of the Hunter's Rest; a right good fellow, who once did It 'to rights 'in iho old country, and who I heartily wish may again some d.iy ride his hack to cover, nnd find his weltcr-weli-litcr nnd croom in attendnnen as of yore. The weather having remained drv and dmtyy unlortunately for the lovers of chasn, whatever the shopkeepers may have thought about it as htlping to get off tho fng end of their summer goods, there was little prospect of any remarkable sport, nml thero wero therefore but few at tho breakfast table. Those that did turn out, tlioufih, wero nearly all of tho proper sort of stuff, and mounted fit for „ bursting run ill case tha files were unexpectedly propitious. After stowing away a tolerablo supply of solids in tho ahopo of fowl, hail) an. sausage rolls, nn,l tb- 'minutes of the last meotniK' hnving b.-cn rea.l aloud ns nn incen tive to Iho fellows to mind what tlmy wore abou- as there was ?? a chicl aniang 'om, etc,' tho master ordered - all hands lo horse. Just, however, ns we were lenvinir the feeding roo.m, an idea struck ono of tho ' regulars' in reference to n friend (the Kow Major) who snorted 'pink' for tlio first time.ani; through tho medium ofa duly appointed sptkcfinan Iho said worthy was in'bnned that Iko new cout would not onlv look much better, but bo far more orthodox, if wet' sccundem artcm. This sentiment being warmly applauded, ami lha landlord con sulted Ihireon, a liberal minnlv of ' iumnlnc nowilpr' was iTubibcd from foaming chninpagno glaascs, and luck lo tho togs was enthusiastically drunk in excellent ' pop.' Mr. Wntson tiien hurried us to tho stables, buf, sad to say, tho horso of cur now thoroughly initiated mate had not arrived, an.l the high-mounting sun mado it absolutely necessary that wo should tako tbe field. Accordingly, though grieving at his distress, wljilst clmfiing him at his carelessness, we jogged awny, comforting him bv promising to drive n kangaroo to meet him liall-iv.iy wlien his nag camo. Poor .Major I on timt .Ky uc R.nw no more of him. Oil renchins thn haunts 'f the flyers, nnd dmvinjj rnun.t cich fttvourito ever for moro ihuu ar. hour, it bec-.tn.' evident that mveh fun would not. ot. had, for nut one of tliu hnunds even featiiorcd, and fr»ni ljo'iig nil 'wreathed in .-.n.ilei ' our mouths became i-onsM.n.My ilruwn .lo-.wi at t'-e corners. After vainly Irving tin' bush nearly n.if.irao *' '' Chcltcnhnm, and th.Ti l.i.'iiifj b.-iek in circiils loii-.ird.t our startin;; pnint, tlin field vi-;.s surprised liy (lie smiiten appearance ot the Hon. Se.vs pr.-id, v.itl.or.t'that lndivi dual being in tlm saddle tlit-rcot: Wouderin-' v.-ry naturally, what had r.c.-nsion.d the biped and qu.uf ruped purling coni|)any, a ring wns mado nnd tho straying niiinml M.igiit. As active 11 search was then rommcneii'lfor-|l.eiiii.=jii;tf pnriv asif lie ha.I lie™ an ' outlying ' atau,' nnd a ,.„,,. ^1 tl,,)nl5 of honin wid cooces! was raised in the hupa of its rfuchi: ??. J-0 tympanum of his oar, i.e., if his neck were not broken. At length, however, n red coat was seen mounting tho top of n hill; and much puzzled at tho pedestrian freak, for so it Beemed, the horse was taken in charge, and Iho hunt proceeded. It afterwards turned out that, having occasion to go back farly to Melbourne, Mr. II. nnd an American friend had quietly retired, nnd that iu crossinc; n ditch, tho ? bank had given way, and let down Mr. II. and bis nag, tho latter incontinently taking advantage of his liberty, and leaving his proprietor, like Lord Uilin, on the river - side, 'lamenting.'' The friend, of course, clapp-ti spurs to his own steed, nnd followed in pursuit; but the dis mounted cavalier, being aware that his late companion know nothing of the country, and seeing that' tbo run- ' awny was heading away from home, thought it wise: to make tho beat of a bad job, and so took tho ' Mary' bono stage' for Little Brighton, only nn eight miles trudge! On most reliable authority it can be stated, that ho reached his destination, nnd that his horso -was fetched to his rightful stable in only n couple of d-ys !. This bit of seriocomedybver, tho hounds were headed ..?..miuo ...u jLS»iiitmiuil£ lilllf^CD, U1IM l.li J1I81, ' IU [UQ JOV of the nearly disgusted sportsmen, an 'old man Vgot up atviow. At rather a slow pace, and' with' frequent check', tho pack followed on lib lino over somecoasy country for a fov miles ; but then came some small 'en- . closures nnd booming fences, the worst of which wero the police paddocks at Dandenong. B'obSy, Sevontv four, lilackboy and Katnbler popped over the tiinb'er with their usual cleverness, and Wandering Jew wns not far behind ; but some of tho others afforded a good deal of fun, cither by their own awkwardness or their. riders' want of faith. One gentleman, on n promising chestnut, thought it better not to chnflto injuring n 'limb of the law,' and therefore requested his ' young Irish friend ' to try nn unavoidable leap for biro. No soonewnid than done, for the Hiberninn quickly replaced him in 'tlio saddle, and flow over the rails like a bird; whilst tho admiring on-lookers exclaimed, 'Oh! aciuonl' Another aspirant, a youthful member of tho cilib, found himself and horse playing nt seos.iw on tbe top rail, and was finally obliged to dismount nnd run off to the nearest house for a veritable rats to dislodgo his Jing. ' . Other little contrelfi.mna Ar-MTvrnii. hnf nA»htt-,» r:t»liAH very distressing or veiy laughable, except that Comus neglected last week's warning, and done it again for his rider. Tho sun being now very powerful, the \ scent bad, and the country too close to allow the bounds jelngwell worked, Wr. Watson called the pack off. Four of the loaders, however, had got nwav too forward :o bo under control, .and they returned to the kennel late n tho afternoon all cut to pieces, but having evidently On Tuesday morning early, accrrding to orders, avery select muster assembled at tho Racecourse Hotel, tho master liuving determined to have another trv after' the marauding dingo that has lately infested tho neighbour- ? lood of Flemington and Mooneo Ponds. After two hours spent in drawing the paddocks where ho is gene rally seen, and not even coming across n amcll of tho varmint, Mr. Watson gava up tho attempt. -In fact, un less tho dry weather wo have had so long shall fpe6dily change for a soaking rain, it will bo imposible to have any scent, and the hounds might as well stop in kennel. NIMROD'S GHOST. 