! GLADSTONE'S BUDGET. (From the London Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion.) What is a concept" that is the question. A coney is the most indefinable of animals, a very Gladstone of the mammalia family. There is no making head nor tail of him, the principal use he makes of his own head being to hide his tail. Disraeli, not Benjamin, but Isaac, who preserved the big eve in his unwatered patronymic, scorning the little with the dot over it, as adopted by his baptized son, tried to describe the creature. But he couldn't ; although he brought to the task all, the learning of the ancients, from Pliny and Varro to Jones and Robinson, and not forgetting the first of Smiths, Adam, to wit, who quoted the saying of Sancho Panza, in reference to the financial exposition of Quixote, namely-The drew me from my house with his coney catching, promising me an island, which I yet hope for. From this it would appear that a money must be cunning as a fox ; but other authorities re- presented as a goose. Johnson calls coney catching " the entrapping of comes, simple animals, by gins or shares ;" and money, he says, is " any simpleton, or foolish creature." What is the point of all this A most important, point. On and after the first of April-significant day cockneys are to be enabled to kill comes at twenty-seven and sixpence per head. Not per money, but per cockney. As the Londoner's knowledge of natural history is principally confined to the zoology of heraldry, in which chiefly prevail griffins, phoenixes, mermaids, and other wild fowljnot'u8ual In Leadenhall poultry market, the curiosity to know what's a money is not surprising. But it is astonishing that the cheapening of conveyance, or the killing of country, should form a prominent portion of last night's great national international tin perial. and cosmopolitan four hours circumlocution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer with the elite of all England and a moiety of the crews of half a hemisphere for an audience. Better kill a, coney than kill a Frenchman, isn't it." Well, there are too sides to that. If the money wanted to kill you, and could do it, no doubt it would be a prudential reciprocity to knock the coney's brains out, and so save him the trouble of entertaining evil thoughts at your expense. Perhaps the same logic would not be inapplicable to the Gauls. At least such must have been the reasoning that placed rifles in the hands of our volunteers, with governmental approval and it may be rather a different bore from what was expected that the rifles intended to blaze at fire-eating colonel should be employed for the extinguishment of rabbits. Such will be the case unless the Welsh members and the Cruelty to Animals Society raise their protective voice betimes in behalf of this section of the agricultural interest, about to be sacrificed to the ferocity of town tailors and men milliners whose young sporting ideas are eager to shoot if they only knew what to shoot at. They certainly don't know what a coney ii and Mr. Gladstone himself would be so puzzled to tell them that he has provided for all mistakes by including every kind of money under the head of game which he puts within the reach of the one-pound s»ven-and-«ixpe>jny Nimrods whom he so charges " for a case to be taken out by every person who shall use any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the purpose of taking or killing any game whatever, or any woodcock, snipe, quail, handrail, or any copies, or shall take or kill, by any means whatever, or shall assist in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any game, or any woodcock, snipe, quail, or handrail, or any money." But markets enjoy the luxury of bag King your convey, any money," at this figure, you Must be a servant to any per- ton duly charged to the duties of assessed taxes in respect of such servant, and shall be acting in virtue of any deputation or appointment duly registered or entered as game- keeper for any manor or royalty in England, Wales, or' Berwick-on-Tweed, or for any lands in Scotland." If you happen to be an Irishman you can't kill a coney ; though you may enjoy the national pastime of killing a landlord at the usual tariff. Then again, Gladstone-like, no sooner is there one course open to you than it is confronted by two others. You must kill your money between the 1st of April and the 1st of October, or at other periods circumstantially set forth in the schedules of this amazing bud- get ; or else you don't get the full commercial advantages of the operation and if you are not small, but a rooster, the 27s. 6d. becomes £3. . Did anybody want to kill comes at a diminished charge that there should be all this fuss about it Not a human being ever dreamt in a nightmare, or out of ' one either of any such quadruped, save the right honourable clairvoyant himself, till last night; but that is just the Very reason all the fuss it made about it. And such is the principle of the whole budget. It is money fied from first to last. There is a coney killing clause in every line of it, and a. hook at the end of every line j catching what you don't want. For j instance, in addition to the privilege of economic coney-killiny, it is charming to know that three dozen Jean Marie Farina of 'the cRy of unsavoury smells may now stand over the whole Rhine in half-pint hot ties if they like, at a charge of fivepence per flask duty at a tenth of that price if they won't ada the aroma till the fluid comes hate, which is generally done with an infu rites of the Thames, the real staple of Co logn»vpir«tcr. One would have thought that Barclay and Perkins, Bass, and the British Hbrewingi«t«rest generally, were as well entitled to a penny a quart off their products . in the Marina family to fivepence a flask off "their aromatic eau. But not so thinks Glad s.- , y 'ed for not so thinking he is already stone; this fier" íU(jU¡slt¡on of those 38s torturers' the London licensed tremendous fortune . ?1,(.-",t"0i,i" ""*" victuallers, who have an >»«rato»bl8 catalogue of" grievances against a,... ' there pouring the vials of their wrath, say in? the flagons of their fury on his head, with a copiousness only he himself could parallel. Not art there more potentially pestilent i political sinners than these publicans in all thfs'me'ropolis. London returns fourteen members, and of these thirteen owe their seats to this body, or, at least wouldn't have seats but for them. What cabinet then could stand against these persecutors, eternally ringing in their ears, on the. spot, never tired, and drawing inspiration from the most spirited counts in proportion to their spouting it- Already they are open mouthed at Gladstone, in full cry, with every epithet of obligations which their stimulating vocabulary can supply, threatening revo that the phraseology of the apocalypse is the medium they are addressed in by their accredited oracle and accordingly the member for the University is now daguerreotyped as the veritable vermilion pelt coated frailty of Babylon. And, talking of that Traviata, Gladstone is accused of running counter to the pro Magdalene movement, now so popular here, that he is upbraided with playing protectionist to the whole hearing of the capital. Under his auspices the covenanters of the Coventry-street casinos may proved their polkas not only till the a witching hour when churchyards and station houses yawn, but till daybreak, for a most im- gniuCftUt poll tax, levied in the form of a license to the landlord if he only call his Paphian pavilion a, "house of refreshment," as of course he will, and a most aristocratic one too; for won't he now send foreign wines with crack jaw names, and play old gooseberry with champagne in defiance of police and all hitherto constituted but no longer constitutional authorities, magistrates included. The whole tribe of Dogberry are already stricken with hydrophobia, or other cables, at the bare thought of this curtailment of their immemorial privileges this fatal step against their right to lay by the heels all caught tripping in respect to fantastic toes, light or heavy. Appalling will be the worshipful howl against the immorality of this universal encouragement of social evil by these new facilities- to licensed licentiousness and legalised lawlessness throughout the Bohemian world of peripatetic courte random, now to be more mesmerically magnetic than ever in virtue, or in vice of the allurement of French bonnets at seven shillings a head less than hitherto, and Lyons mauves a guinea and a-half per dress below the now ruling rates ; together with feathers, flowers, gloves, ribbons, laces, corsets, crino- line, and all the paraphernalia of atheism reduced to a level that must carry consternation to the heart of every paterfamilias as she thinks of the hopelessness of her young hopeful struggling against engulph ment in the cyprian charybdis, thus rendered doubly destructive to inexperienced pilotage. Did any one ask for any of these things for liberty to the libertine to make night additionally hideous, and daylight not less so ? Nobody ; nor for one of the several hundred items of the like sort thrust down our throats in place of far other matters we wanted to swallow. Shall we cut our mutton any the pleasanter because French capers area penny a bottle less than hither- to Shall we walk any the more erect in the light of our own independence, because French " canes or sticks, mounted, painted, or otherwise ornamented," and " lucifers of wood and lucifers of war, are to be cheap- ened ? Attack, where is now that " pride in his port, defiance in his eye," once characteristic of the British lion, now drugged and hocussed, preparatory to something else, by the nostrummonger of the Tuileries? It is not without significance that among the new duty-free commodities there should figure " nux vomica, chloroform, sulphuric acid, cocaine, indicus, opium, and morphia and its salts." But " not poppy; nor Tandragee, nor all the drowsy syrups of the East, can minister to thee that sweet sleep which thou owed yesterday," dear Bull, if this Borgian Bonapartist draught you drain and it is to be feared you will have to do it, to the dregs, dregs and all, and the cup afterwards. What antidote to such presentiment is there in a four hours' oration? None should know better than the orator himself the import conveyed in the admonition " The Athenians made speeches, but Philip took towns." " Opera glasses, single and double," are to come in for nothing for the future; but a peep of the future through your mind's eye less opthalmia than his who ad- mits the glasses would discern in the Savoy cloud a thunder shower and avalanche that must sweep treaties and treaty- makers down a whirlpool into annihilation if we don't keep our own Dartford dry, instead of putting trust in a Corsican providence and tinkering with French " powder and percus- sion caps." Then just think of gongs! Ghost of Yeh, who wants a gong ? Is it to frighten or propitiate the Celestials that we take the duty off gongs, just as we are sending out Armstrong batteries to blow the Chinese to atoms, and a score thousand soldiers and bayonets to run those through who may not be so blown. Doubtless this is a joke of the Comic Old Gentleman's!, perhaps a sly hit at his sounding cymbal of a financier; and the budget abounds in similar singularities which must have been placed there for some such purpose, the Lord [of Broadlands] only knows what. Turning. from the matter to the man (Gladstone) and his manner, everybody says they were excellent. Time was when what everybody said must have been true ; but now the strongest proof of a thing being wholly untrue is that everybody vouches for its accuracy. The present case, however, is an exception for it is perfectly true that perfection, at least parliamentary perfection, which is somewhat Pickwickian after all, was as nearly reached as possible, according to the existing standard amongst us. Though Gladstone was the Poney Peel when Sir Robert was first horse in the zig-zag course, and though it is the fate of imitative followers to exaggerate the foibles of their leaders, and though with all his eccentricity, oddity, and waywardness, originality is not among the Gladstonian attributes, and therefore he is only endowed with talent and not with genius, is only a Gladstone and not a Disraeli, still-he shone in his own light, and with no reflected lustre last night. There was nothing of the Pomposo Ego of the Drayton dictator about him nothing of the Tamworth turkey cock air which that cox- comical little Dtoitwich bantam, Paking- ton, burlesques with such grotesque solemnity. Although the focus of all eyes he was not unduly magnified in his own ; neither was he the reverse for while the most artificial of public men, " unstable as water," fickle as a woman, mock modesty is not in his role. self-possessed and self-confessed, without perky ness or jauntiness, or without ponder- osity or arrogance, master of his subject, secure of the sympathy of his audience, on his own account and that of his theme, and conscious also of a large support in the country, he went through the prescribed performance as though it were a labour of love ; as of course it was, talking being to him what chirping is to a cock sparrow. A more poetic! ornithological metaphor would perhaps he a better flight ; but the homely one is equally suitable, and more sincere. If it were not for what everybody had heard no -"ould have even suspected indJsposi body .. -to. face jjf¡Dg in his freqUent tion its o... emollient elixir or other application of some . '." epiglottis, with wherewith he lubricated ma 2 at," ¿^{¿J an ambidextrous adroitness Wiljiuu might envy. His voice gesticulation and pose reminded one much of the late Judge Tal fourd's best exhibitions at the bar ; but a yet higher comparison would be necessary to do justice to the address intellectually. It is a tradition in Westminster Hall that Fitzroy Kelly, in the days of his ante- apple-pip vigour, used to plunge into an intricate chancery argument without knowing an iota of the case, and yet, while speaking, would, with the aid of a pair of prompting juniors, master the whole matter, and either clear the path for himself, or render it impassable for his antagonists and this without seeming to talk nonsense, except of course what was strictly relevant to the business in hand, and which being legal business required a large quantity of ingredient. Glad stone couldn't do that, any more than he could speak the Pacifico speech that filled him with such wonder, as " ushering in the close of one day and the dawn of the next" But his budget speech last night was a noble effort, all the more so for being seemingly effortless. It was evident that not only the whole material and framework and order and arrangement had been prepared most carefully, but the very words, this being transparent in several passages, especially it is to the pleasant one about the South African wines. But, though the most voluble of speakers, and though he often speaks well without premeditation, he makes no pretence to improvisation as a merit. He respects himself and his audience too much to gabble when there is an opportunity of getting ready what he should wish to say ; as he himself apologetically" explained when presiding at the Literary Fund Dinner a few months ago. Having had plenty of time to prepare this, the workmanship was commensurate with the toil and he turned it out in a fashion which caused very competent old craftsmen under the gallery to say, when the thing was drawing to a close '. That's the speech of the proximate Pre- mier." 