COURT OF MINES. Monday, 18th June. (Before »is Honor Jnige Bogers.) Harper v Potts.-Mr Walsh fat plaintiff ; Mr li'Derrnott for defendant. Suit for transfer of moiety of defendant's interest in the Mount Hope Quartz Company, Qjrdons. Neither defendant nor his counsel were pre- sent when the case was called on, and his Honor, after commsntiag on the absence of counsel, directed the opening ta proceed. Mr Walsh stat ,-d that plaintiff aal defendant had been partners it a quartz c'ai:n at Gordons, and after prospecting a while they agreed to apply for a lease, and the preliminary steps ' were taken. Potts was a man of basin ess, and of great knowledge of affairs, and had deceived his partner by taking oat the lease in his own name, although, whiU Potts was in Mel- bourne on the l^ase of the balinese, he was in constant c irrespondehce with Harper on the matter. Potts also t >ok in one Kitchen ham, and got the tease and a company forms 1, securing himself 640 shares, of which he bsd received 320,-of that number plaintiff now sued for his proper moiety. The correspond- ence between plaintiff and defend mt would be put in, and it would be seen that defend ant bad cautiously worded bis communica- tion, though the facts w juld show the actual partnership. - Harper (plaintiff) deposed that he and defendant had worked as partners, on the Lone Star lieef,-two o tn jr partners haring giren it up. In January, 1859, de- fendant suggested a lease and a company, and thry agreed to do so, Potts preced- ing to Stieglitz to pay the £10 deposit, of which plaintiff supplied one half. Mr Cusack made the survey of the whole of the ground in presence of plaintiff and defendant, and when defendant returaad from Stieglitz, he slid he had pat in the application for ;the lease. Defendant then went to Melbourne to- rry and get up a company, and plaintiff gave him JE3 towards the expenses, defendant; telling him to remain on the ground and sse to it. Letter of 3rd March put in from defendant, thanking him for money sent and detailing progress of the business in town. Potts Btaid in town for some time and plaintiff sent him other money. (Another letter from defendant put in Baying he could get all the capital he required, that Kitchen ham had not behaved well, and that plaintiff should "stir him up.") Kitchenharn lived ou the ground, and was to have some shares, to which plaintiff agreed, and was st ill willing, leaving the arrangement to defendant. He "stirred up" Kitchenharn, anl did all he j could himself also to supply money to de- fendant in Melbourne. (Another lotter from defendant to plaintiff put in telling him to find out if " Èeid would sell cheap," and if he would not, "they could jump it." Also that the difficulties he liad met with had been very great, wherefore he looked more like a ghost than a Christian, and that plaintiff should get some good specimens sent down to him at the Bash Inn, as it wouM assist the project. Bat they vere to be quick, as he had positively engaged three engines, and «ranted " the tin." Fools were to be silent, but if li» had not talked he wonld not have half as mach groan!. He wanted "more tin," and when they onoe got a start they would " go ahead like briokt," for lie would "get the money." [His Honor submitted that a lecture on " the formation of mining companies" would be extremely interesting and useful. Mr McDermott said it was sug- gestive of a " (Henrautchkin Railway "J Plaintiff wa3 also empowered by defendant to " try and beat one Kemp at blowing" about the ground. Other letters from defendant j were also read, congratulating plaintiff on tua fact that " Bob's reef had again turned up trunos," and instructing plaintiff "to jump E Reid's dam without delay." Also advising him as to the precise wording of the " blow- ing,''which was to be "good and strong." Divers mattera of detail were alluded to, the importance of a supply of "tin" being en forced, and the quality of the information to ba put tn circulation ¿ouehing the reefs being described. Plaintiff wa» told that he (plaintiff) had "done his part well in all respects," and as defendant and others were coming ap from Melbourne plaintiff was to make suitable arrangements for the visit, and atones should be broken, and a g<iod nsport was to be prepared, as well as " some tipple" for the visitors. Plaintiff then deposed farther that" be-had oiiarge of the ground ail through up to that time, and he had no ide« that défendant bad taken oat tue lease ia his o ira nome. He asked defen- dant to transfer over his moiety of the inte- rest, but defendant always kept patting him off. Ther J was no speeifio arrangement as to the 'number of eharos. He and defendant had an equal interest in the ground, and the part nership never had been dissolve J. De- fendant did not altogether dispute- being a partner, but he kept off from turning over the shares. Had aa other partnership rela- tions with the defendant than in regard to the ground ia question. His Honor said the ?nit ehouid have been brought for dissolu- tion, air Walsh, said an account was prayed, and ho-could add plaint for dissolu- tion now for that matter. His Honor rs parked that the evidence differed a little from tile opening, and. be thought sit first there'had bean a special agreement between the two. tte did not know whether he shpuld call them oo-adventurers or-co conspirators. Mr McDermott consented to (IIB plaint being amended, to a snit for disso- lution and accounts. Plaintiff - examined farther deposed that defendant kept, fab (plaintiff's) shares, auld «lid not act right, Jw believed, ? with ' them. - Oro«* - examined-I , originally held Ko. S lone Star with limb) Potto, and tf'Qoie, the claim being 80 feet long. Iterar held nny^other claim jointly frith defendant. > We all worked the claim up - to the time of the apposition, etoept that Innis and MKJnie .had abandoned the claim. Potto and'I holding on tilltbe application for tuft lenee. ? Pott« and I' then agreed to take up a larger, areá of ground. The ground iras open for weeks/but I liad possession the same as he (Potts) Iud when, we_ applied fdr the lease'. Polis and I ceased working about 21et September, 1658, when the others went away, and in January or Tebrnary, 1859, the lease - waa applied for. Í hie on the ground to this day. We had 80 feet onljv but rite (Mount Hope) company have 800 feet. His Honor pointed'ont that though plaintiff had no snit as against the company, he'jmighthave against defendant as a co-adventurer. Mr I M'Dermott replied that the. defence was j that plaintiff had no interest whatever in the affair. Crose-caarninatioa eontiaaed ->I would agree to Kiiehenham having as much aa defendant agreed to. I claim half of Potts's shanes, and am willing Kitchenham should have what Potto agreed to give him. I think I have a greater right than Kitchen- ham. r Potts never offered to return my money.' The company's ground includes the IiOne Star's, Morgan's, Leviathan aidBlanche Barkly reefs, and there is a large engine and battery on the ground. I was to get a situa- tion in the company as well as himself. I did not know all about what was going on in town, for Potto would not hear of my going to Melbourne, and once when I .went down he sent me back for (or with) a report to Mr Cusack. Potts saidT should be store keeper in the company, and ho would be manager. He did not say anything direct about the eharei. (Defendant being asked, here, stated that the capital of the. company was £25,000, of which he had one-eighth.) Mr Barrell is superintendent, «nd had a letter of introdaction to me from Potts. He knew I had an interest in the company, and I ex- pect I told him myself also. (Torn portion of the letter of introduction produced, in which plaintiff was requested to famish Mr Burrell with "any possible information.") Burrell took possession of all the Mount Hope ground. I had been looking after the 1 ground lest any objections should be made j to the lease, also getting specimens, and re- ports made. I swear I told Burrell I was a mate of Potts's. Barrell thoroughly under- stood my position in the Mount Hope Com- pany. I saw the lease down in town,-but I never saw the deed of the company. I can't tell whether or not the company have got paying quartz yet. I don't believe they have. I don't think I ever told Bcrrell Potts would not recognise my interest in the com- pany. Re-examined -I went down to Mel- bourne as I had heard different reports, and wanted to know what Potts was doing. He would not let me stop there, bat sent me back to Mr Cusack for a report. James R. Cusack, district mining surveyor, produced registration of Potts, Harper, Innis, and M'Quie for the ¿one Star claim. That claim was included in the Mount Hope lease. Defendant came to him for survey for the lease, and plaintiff, defendant, and Kitchenham assisted him in the sarvey. From the understanding there and then arrived at, he regarded them all a« mates. He made the usual reports' to the Government by the warden, and some months after that defendant wrote him from Mel Diurne. (Letters produced, asking witness to take and label samples from the reels and 1 to report on them, and telling him plaintiff would assist him ; als? telling fitness defeud I ant was forming a " large company," and he would procure for witness the post of surveyor i to the company. Another letter also said plaintiff would assist him and would send down the specimens by coach. Another letter said defendant was "getting up a first rat« c impany," and wanted " a splendid report," and that plaintiff knew all the reefs well and would assist him, and that he (de- i fen lani) would do Ins best to procure for | witness the offices of secretary and surveyor.) Witness cross- examined-Shepherding is not allowed. Under the bylaws of that time, notice of abandonment was made necessary to abandonment. To his Honor-The reefs were not calculated to pay a small company, the more as the miners were thea inexperienced. William Barrell, engineer and superintendent to the Mount Hope Oom? tay, deposed that he knew plaintiff and defendant Pott« had made no statement to him in reference to Harper, nor Harper abont Potts in Potts' presence. Defendant gave him a letter of introduction to plaintiff, telling him he was a shareholder in the concern. He «as met at the coach by plaintiff and shown ov^r the ground as OKS interested in the ground. Gross examined-I think Harper told me he was a shareholder in the claim. Neither plaintiff nor anybody else ever interfered with me af ter that. £ think the Lone Star is the best reef, and we are now mining there. Wm. Ritchie, 83 Chancery lane, Melbourne, is the secretary and holds the deed. Robert Evans (Kansraroo Bob) deposed that he had had private conferences with defendant, and did not like to tell them. His Honor told the witness he must tell, os the communication was not privileged. Witness continued Potts told me always that ha and plaintiff were mate«. He never denied it. That was after the Lone Star was given up. Cross examined- Plaintiff is half-brother to my wife's sister. Potts came in linked with Harper to Mr Campbell's store, and said, " Here we are worth £6000 a man." I said it was a very good job, and they shouted and went away. Potts and I were always . great friends, and indeed are still, and if I had not been obliged, I would not have come into this box against him. I don't care a bit about my brother-in-law. This closed plain- tiff's ease, and his Honor suggested that the - parties might come to a compromise. As the case stood then he had no doubt the plaintiff could obtain relief in equity. Mr McDermott said defendant had another partner, Mr Grant, who had advanced some ¿SOO or £600, and was his interest to be imperilled by the decree. His Honor said he could have no doubt, after the evidence given, that the plaintiff and defendant were co-adrentorers, but he would not make a decree without calling further evidence. Mr McDermott said defendant could make no arrangement without consulting Mr Grant, who had a mortgage on the shares. Mr Walsh said his client knew nothing of Mr Grant. His Honor said he would adjourn for an hoar, and in the meantime the parties might perhaps makes compromise. The Court then ad- journed for an hour, and on re-opening, the case was resumed by defendants counsel, who intimated that defendant and plaintiff had not come to a compromise. [At this s tage, while counsel was saying something not approved of by " Kangaroo Bob,'' that person shouted out, "you're a damned old thief." His Honor ordered the man to be brought forward, but as he prayed to be ! draak'he was at once committed without the addendum of a reprimand.] Counsel pro- ceeded to state the case for the defence, con- tending that there was no partnership, be- tween the parties at all, nor had defendant ever admitted the partnership attempted to be Bet np. Defendant had taken all the labor and responsibility of getting np the company, and while defendant might be wil- ling that plaintif! should have some re- muneration for what assistance he might have rendered, he distinctly repudiated the rela I tionship set up by defendant. There might be no moral justification of the correspon- dence between defendant and plaintiff in the matters of the lease and the company, bat -such reports and specimens and so forth were necessary to satisfy the gulls in Melbourne. Defendant was in Mel- bourne for nine months laboring in getting up the company, and that was a very expen- sive process, so that if the Court should hold the partnership to be proved those expenses should be allowed. His Honor concurred, j CbnnselprtKxeded to comment on the evi- i dence of the plaintiff, adducing that of j " Kangaroo Bob" as unreliable. Borne £500 or J6600 had been expended by defendant in getting up the company, besides the personal : exertions made, and plaintiff because he had advanced «orné £10 now demanded an equal interest with defendant. In fact the work done % defendant was such as none buta man of energy,- talent,' -«ad ta -oártain moral adaptation could do, while plaintiff had done litetaurnoaáag bat IrreoBtí^T^ "Edward Botts, defendant, jw*?* corroborsLtion of rAsunuffs criàtoT; * tone Star reef, bat none in that wi« defendant and Mt Grant WiT0*' Lone Star reef wa» ¿Ten "* ^ thoogbt of organising a owSi. work the ground br faaif-ôm^7* and that fell through. RanBjffttL,."* fest in that company,bat woaMtaw in ai a bau-shareman. He thai n»? bis mind to take the gronnd <a \ \¡¿*1 went to Stieglitz andputniha appJiS^ did that on bis own private respoSS' without any arrangement at an wiftri^î t did sot speak to plaintif! at aB sta beforeÏ put in theapplitsaon. I$F plaintiff and Kitclienham IwouldgetalB When I had put in tircapptoöMi,,,, Melbourne, and t told pUiatiff I ^ doubt I could raise money on ÜK tssn the lease, and if I did I wooli storekeeper ander rae. I did not tuan getting money on the lease, bu I nug after nine months' labor. I orgmneU nany with 2500 shares of £5 ea*. Ii have one-eighth allotted pro rats M tb» j were taken up. _ I had ta initiate era; for at that time there «is so fe : existeac ', sad I had to do ererjtfciig. I to dun the members of the Omeron« I day. and was always is conrmamwti the Under Secretary «nd mentes Government.. My lease is the firsl in Victoria. I bsd to go to andina to see the warden on the bmirtrsnt rabie expense. Ur Squire end li were deputed to vi Ht the ground and there they selectei specimeoii themselves for exhibuion in ts journeys to Stieglitz cost £15, ar Gordon £10. 1 had,no COSTOS Burrell about Harper, but I gwe ter reques'ing Harper to give B :nrnrm*tinn he could. I think I .was an old mite of roue, as inieti fct^ and I think I said he would bc a tWhjfe in the company, but of coarse ne «diu» be a sh irehulder with me, becarael m ¿ the «hares, and I han trasdemd BOM. I hold the scrip.. Harper spoke ii « about what I was gtinç u p, him, anti I told him I could 4« «ogg. without consulting my partner lb Gmt ti see what we could gire him. I nude Mel an offer of five stares and the monetJW advanced, which he estimated st ¿IS, eu 1 make it ont to be £16. It ii bise ñutirás ia Evans' presence that Harper sod]tn mate'. Barrell ntver told ne Harpetm made a claim to an interest in dil compasy. Cross-txiroinsd-I told plùiûffl vupof : to apply for the lease, and vast it wald od. j Did not do so in order to jet nwt «I fe money from him. Did not ask tia for ii. I think it was on the morning I wup¿¡£ away that plaintiff gave me the £5. lin say I told him I bad to par £10. 1 p money from Mr Grant at the time. He ai I weie partners, but there wu t nratai arrangement between ns that bin nime tami not appear. I am in bis d-b:. I fruin In debt before. Decidedly not hire I tna ferced bim shares in security for tkae debs. He was my sleeping «quai partner to îï him half besaase I (ranted lo wt money ou tlie shares. It «u ÖV cidedly not for friendship that I goijta tiff to do all he did, and that I wnrffcaailel him as doing "hie part sa weU," bnt basie I intended to get him made storekeeper far the company. I did not consider phántB had any right to shares, and I tadd I v«M i consult ray partner as to stat wei give him. It was. beean« I had prc nun the situation that I wrote ap to pl fer money. It was not besóse ol promise that I said in my letters tophi could not bear all the arpeases myself is utterly impossible for me st thu dil of time to say what my precise moora for saying so. I alluded to toe static storekeeper when I wrote, " I cannot bf myself without benefitting yon." The sent company was in coarse of farm then, and I knew I conld not be minig I had once intended, bat I kasir phi would be benefitied as indeed ile bu receiving £3 a-week ever since. HuB at this point suggested a conrpromiie, marking that defendant had incurred ht legitimate expenses, which mut terr pensed in the event of a .decree in a of plaintiff. Se suggested (bat twenty* j should be-giren to plaintiff, benda ¿16 c I and costs of tile present snit: bnt tnt I coarse, without prejudice in any wir I either party. O 'fendantV cooinel at « I consented to compromise on thaw tenu, I plaintiff refused to do so, an i the ct» ? I on. Defendant's examination continus I I never told Burrell plaintiff was » stu I holder, but it is probable I siid he muli I a shareholder. I cannot pomivelr aj n ! what passed, bat a« I oerer coate I plated his being a partner it ii no: pi I bable I told Barrell plaintiff wai a pinn I or shareholder. Plaintiff came to tee vim I was about in Melbourne, and I thought I very natural, ss I had promised him a ¿to I tío a, as he was getting nothing at mtiicf,' I at his trade. I bare no shares now in > I own hands. I I ad mortgaged then ? j before the injunction was obtained. Il I shares are tn my mme ic the compel I books, but the scrip has beendepotiied I lateral security for bills discounted. Iii I not parted with all the scrip when the inj«1" I lion was granted. It cast me »boat #0 j money out of pocket from the not 1 I started for the lease till the formte o I the company. I have got £600 or ¿700 6a j Mr Grant since I went to Gordon's. Durai J last year perhaps about £500. fifi Bas J said that it now became necessary to nub j Grant and other mortgagees rartatotee j snit; and the names of the mnrtgigeei*« I then privately handed ia tn plann«* j counsel Mr Walsh proposed that med» j pate should be settled by defendant gi«? I plaintiff 30 shares and tte terms ftermi j suggested by his Honor, sud defesdartb« I ing retired to consult with bispartner.it« J announced on his return into CoarUMIt» j offer was accepted. It was theo agre» m j «ie terms should be embodied in a omi® I decree, and all litigation be thus enddj* tween the parties, ali parties MBoerneiDW made parties to the transfer of t**TT? to the plaintiff. Costs were fr« 1ÓÍ, no costs bein? allowed to th« I Evans. . u. J Hart v M'Grill, Lynch, and otho»--"' J M'Darmolt mored for an injnnetwa »«" j suit, restraining defendant M W*« j ing with his interest or altering tin rare the stock of the defendants w cM«en" with certain leased ground »<SlB^T J next the Lucky ComusnrV b»u- jr/^ J cation was exporte, applicwt s««T*. M'GiU had omitted njiplicinU j the lease, contrary to agreement, Api""" I granted. 1 The Court then adjourned. 