STATE AID AGAIN. EDITOR OP TIlB LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Stn,-In the issue of the Hobart Town Adverlise,, for the21st ultimoappears a long letter from a correspondent who signs him self" Anglo-Saxon." WIll you be so kInd as to permit me to make a remark or two upon its contents ? I do not ask tille favor because of any admiration on my part of Its style or its sentiments; and I sllould suller it to pass unnoticed if I did not think that some inconsiderate persons at a distance may regard It is an endorsement of the previously expressed opinion of the Duko of When I read tile effusion of "Anglo" Saxon" I was at a loss to know why he wrote "This specimen rare, upon the whole, Or that figure of speech called rigmarole;" but a little reflection led me to the conclu sion that he was a schismatic in his church ; and that, like every other schismatic, ihe wished to exhibit his character, and to pour forth his spleen. -* From the tenor of his letter, it Is evidont that he is a nmember of theEpiscopalian seet, which he terms the Church of England, and If Itis statement is true, that church In this colony must be a fearful Incubus upon our common Christianity ; and weo must be a demented people to permit ourselves to be heavily taxed to support its worthless minis. try-a ministry whlich on the showing of this-writer, Il shunned by the people it Is paid to Instruct. This is not to be won dered at whoen we find that someoif its mem bers are brought under the notice of Police Magistrates, and others are found figuring In the Insolvent Court-that Alhambra for the dissipated, the unscrupulous, and the swindlers ; but wholh was designed as a refuge for the unfortunate: In fact it Is high.I time that we took ac tion in this matter, to close the doors of the publlo treasury 'against the unprlnolpled men.:: "Anglo-Saxon" intimates that they are scouted by the wealthy settlers of the colony. r They are shunned by the poor. Earnest men, who see the absurdity of what Is called "State Aid to Religion," are afraid to raise their voice against It because they am frightened by a bugbear. Colonial chaplains have raised the outcry-Vested Rights. " An gl Saxon," who I take to be one of those colonial chaplains, residing somewhere between Newtown and Launceston, tells us they are useless. I believe among the colonial chap. lains there are some worthy men, but If they have been called by the Holy Ghost to the Chrlstlat? ministry, they mast see that they are only entitled to support from the wllllnghood of believers In Christ, and that they have no right to derive It from the State or expect It from the ungodly portion of the community. Vested righls. What are they ? Therewas a time when the aristocracy of England thought they bhad vested rights in the blood, bones and muscles of the sons of toll, but such rights have long since been Ignored. There was a time when triley thought they had vested rights In rotten borougbs-Old Sarum to wit, but these gossamer notions have been blown away by the breath of common sense. Plus IX. may think he has vested rights in the vassalege of certain Inhabitants of Central Italy (rights achieved by the cunning of Hil debrand and the swords of succeeding Popes), but the bravo Garibaldi and his compatrleots think otherwise, and are-resolved to set such pretentious rlahts aside. The rights of the generality of the colonial chaplains are something like those of the bulky loungers which might have boon secn in the old country, In olden times, stalking about a nobleman's kitchen or grounds. They were brought there by some Influentoal retainer, and they grew and fattoned there, you knew not why or wherefore t they wore neither useful nor ornamental. I have no wish to trespass at any great longth upon your patience or to follow "An glo.Saxon throughout his rambling eplstle, but I would say if he thought It was calculated to Increase the finances of his Church, he must be a gentlbman of the Father O'Laverly bent of mind, with a differ ant description of people to deal with, from the ensophlstllcated nhabitants of the wilds of Connemara, or Isle of Achill, n days of lore. W %oere I- to agitaie the tiebject 'oT the non. continuaneo of ? 8tate nid to rellglon," I sho|ld never require a better text than the one tar nished by " Anglo.Saxon." I remain, Sir,. Yours truly, VIroen.. 