. HIGH MAfeS LN A PROTESTANT OHDRCH. We read in the Suffolk Chtomde of strange doings at Chtydon .Established Church ? on. Christmas Eve, at which ceremonies and fur oitore were employed, differing little, if at IjiIL from those of the- Romish Ghurch, agreatrpor tien of the audience enjoying, the thing in an obviously irreverent . spirit, and ? as much ?unused as if they were attending a Christmas pantomime. Red crosses -and gilt crosses, a raised altar,- white eurplices, and scarlet under skirts, bowing to the altar, ana* intoning of the service being among the features of the per formance. ' ' : Part of the service being over, the Protest ant priest slightly advanced towards the. altar, made two or three genuflexions, and retired to the. vestry, the choristeis at the same time singing ^For unto us -a -child is born.' At this juncture Master Drury, .eon of the priest, entered the chaucel, bowed to the altar or era cinx, and Jiguted the candles on the altar. ?Indeed, it may be mentioned once for all, that whenever he or his father approached the altar they bowed quite in a 'business-like Way, as if each had well rehearsed his part in private for months, and ' got it «p ' to perfection.' 'From Catholic writers we learn that the clerk' tinkles a little bell, at what is called the SanOia. Such a little bell was tinkled at-Claydon on Saturday night, followed by more' intense and the ic&ppeanaoe; ofijrt Drury, who had doffed bis surplice, and donned, something resembling what in the Gatholic 'Church is knoaaj as & chasuble, ,«f a white ground, with a wide co loured streak down .Hie centre^ both back arid front, and another, branching, over the Bhout fleiyanil joinnig :gm^^iiti«*ibn'?)B^B',^l|S,'i^w! %ere read from the altar '^ttenE^tlaEterXNrury like iT sentry over the wax candles. Some furtheFmutterings, and the ebiU approached the vorge of the chancel, holding; a plate in bis hand j and the .church clerk, anything but an ecclesiastical looking personage, handed a small scarlet bag round to a few of the benches, in- - ti mating almost by his forlorn look that ' the smallest 'contribntion would lie thankfully re ceived.' What he collected was banded to the child, 'who passed it on to his father. Other mysterious movements followed at the altar, apparently in connection with sacra mental elements; this attracted the attention of the congregation, and on the rev. gentleman drinking the wiue, one of his flock irreverently exclaimed so as to be heard by those near him, ' Here's luck.' Some further mysterious in cantations, further mumbling, Mr. Drury's back iu the meantime being towards the con gregation, and thus the 'service ' went on — more kneeling before the altar, more ' bowing and scraping, ' more tinkling of the bell : and at last the whole affair became so ridiculous that in the -midst of a prolonged silence on the part of the reverend gentlemen, a good many of the congregation were affected with cough ing — very hoarse they were all at once — they might have caught cold, perhaps ; but- we don't think they had. A good-tempered friend on our left eased onr apprehension by whis pering 'St..George'8-in-the-East,' where there has been a little coughing lately. In the -matter of the Sacrament the reve- . rend gentleman was excessively wdfufo. Be kept the ooqgregatioD some time whilst - he attempted' what looked, a good deal like sleight of-hand tricks, and then -confined it to him selC It may be the people did uot want it, and tLough he did — a conjecture we cannot satisfy ; but a monopoly of the bread and wine seemed to be monopolyc&rried; to a climax. The Chronicle gives the following copy of rules issued by the Rector to the members of the church choir : — On entering the church, to make the sign of tbe cross from the forehead to the breast, and from the left shoulder to the right, with the thumb and two fingers joined. The hands to be meekly joined as for prayer, while up or down the chanceL To bow lowly during the absolution. To bow the head at the holy name of Jesus. To bow at the words, ' was made inau'' in the Nicene Creed. To bend forward when singing Gloria Patri, Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabbaoth. To turn eastward at the Creeds and Litany, and at the blessing after sermon ; also when i siuging Gloria Pairi, during the whole of the Te Deum, Benedictus, Magnificat, Nunc Di mittis, and Hymns, but not the Psalms. To stand while the clergy go to tbe altar, . and after the Nicene Creed, until after the In vocation,. ' In the name of the Father, aud of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' After the word ' Father,' the sign of the cross 16 to be made over the left breast with the right hand, to stand also at the Trinitarian formulary with which the sermon ends, 'Now to God the Father,' &c.; To kneel to the eastward at the blessing after sermon, and make the sign of the cross from the forehead to the breast, and from the left shoulder to tbe right, with- the thumb and two fingers joined — to sit during the reading of the Holy Bible and 6ennon in a seemly |josition with the hands reverently laid and fuldad in tlie lap.ond the eyes meekly cast down. If the thoughts wander, the eyes to -be raised to the Holy Cross or altar, and the petition, ' Lord have mercy,' to be used in secret, in the hope that the thoughts may be fixed upon God to his honour. 