'SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE FROM ' - ROME. (From the Register.) Rome, Feb. 18th. ? It is the lneonvenienco of my position. that any ^calumny sent to the English papers has a fort night's start before it reaches me here and my answer can reach London. A whole fortnight is an enormous length Df life for a lie. In a fortnight it 1mb had time to do its work and be forgotten, - leaving behind it the effeetit has produced even in, . * '.-the' minds of those who have renfly fot'gotton U.~ Moreover the most outrageous falsehoods com monly reBt upon some perverted foot. For instance, the newest grievance of the Times is, that its cor respondent has been sent away from Rome. This is of ccurse high treason against the majesty of Printing House Square. It is denounced as ' one of the moBt foolish acts of which Cardinal Antonelli and his satellites have been guilty,' and Bhowing ' the mingled tyranny and weakness ol the. Pope'* government.'1 The Times is pleased to tell us that this martyr in the cause of the pub lie is ' an Italian gentloman, a naturalise;! British subject,' and that he ' declares he had given tho Government no cause of offence.1' Now it is quite possible that circumstances in- tho life and doings of an ' Italian gentleman naturalised in England,' which would by no means disqualify him from acting as the correspondent of tho Times, ? might yet suffice to convince the Pope's Govern ment that Rome would be better without him. Achilli, as we all know, was a great star in Eng land, found an English lady of rank and connection prourl to call him husband, and was feted by dig nitariei of Church and State. Yet if he htd thought fit to settle in Borne, it is quite possible the Holy Father might have sent him away. And, . aa- the Times well knows, it is q'lite safe for Buoh a man to ohallenge any accusation before the tribunal of public opinion in England because the Eng lish courts of justice have a special and pecu liar rule to be applied to all cases in which a Catholic is charged with libel by an 'Italian gentleman' of the Achilli class. That rnlo is, (as the Times itself said in an able and romarkible leader) that any coneeiveable aiiount of evidence against the ' Italian gentleman' has to be out weighed by his denial. If the Times had thought fit to select a notorious assassin as its Raman cor respondent, no Catholic could have published any thing against him in England (however easy might have been tho proof of the charge), unless he had made up his mind to spend many months in hot ?water and somo £10,000 in law and at Ia3t to be oonvieted of libel; contenting himaelf with the verdict of the civilised world and the judgment of history, uniting to brand with never dying infamy alike tho ' Italian gentleman' and the English judge and jury. As long as this monstrous denial of jtutico lasts, Catholios are as effectually debarred from an appeal to ttng glish publio opinion upon such subjects as they could be by a censorship forbidding thorn to publish anything. Luokily tho Roman Government has the power to act without pleading at all before a tribunal whosa sentence is notoriously settled beforehand without regard to evidence or right. Moreover, a system which con lines the right of being hoard to one side, together with its obvious convenience, has ono ineonvcniancD. As no one can etato truths unpleasant to ' Italian gcntloraan,'1. v .. . no ono can be Bure that there is not plenty which ; might ba stated with truth if liberty were allowed . Meanwhile, the Roman Ororernment in excluding foreigners without assigning a reason only uses a right,* always taken and usod in time of war and -disturbance by our own and all othew. Under « these circumstances 1 have not thought it worth while to enquire into the character .of the late cor respondent of the Times, and make no oharge against him, though I do know that two separate Eng. lish Protostant famttiiw who know him at Florence, and professed to have hoard him stuta his own viawa without roscrve, and who linvo sinco come on here (although their own opinions nro strong enough on - what calls itself the liberal siclo of Italian politics), made no scruple of saying publicly when they hoard of his coming bore, that in their opinion he was an enemy to publio order, and : . ' ought not to bo admitted by any State. This was 'before his arrival, but aftor ho left Rome the state ment was repeated in society by one of those fami lies*- I remember this because' the Times vrould have us believe that he was sent from .Rome merely for being its correspondent. It is not necessary to deuoribo a Roman Garni-:' vnl, yet I may say for thoao who have not seen it, (and who may fall into a mistake, into which .1 was subject beforo I osrao here), that this peculiar institution does not extend to all Rome. The city is, during the Carnival, much in its usual state. What happens is in that one street (the Corso), about a milo long, and rather wider than Bond etreet, which is. set apart as a sort of masquerade room in the open air, from 2 to 5.15 p.m., for eight clays beforo Lent. Fridays and Sundays are dios iu-», eo that the eight days began last Saturday. Notice is given oaoh day, for tho commencement of the sport, by the tolling of' the great bell of the capitol, and for its conolusion by the firing of threo guns. After this, the horae-raoa takes place down tho Bams street, the horses running without riders,' and being turned loose at one end and caught at the other, whore two strong curtains aro hung up to stop Ilia way. During the threo hours oar-' tiages parade up and down, tho balconies aro crowded with persona, who pay very highly for their places— -and the street, with any one who likes to oome into it. People are supposed to throw bon-bons and flowera to each othari in faot, what aro so called are a species of ammunition, and aro thrown in a sort of p!uyful war. The lou tons, or oonfitto, are Bold for tho purpose by tho' hundred weight, and thrown by handfuls. While this is going on at tho Oorao, tho rest of tho town is as quiet as at any other time. There aro, also, . four masked assemblies at night in tho theatre, and a curious amusement on the la»t: evoning, in which each person carries a light and everyone else tries to put it out. This is a rough eketoh of a Roman Carnival. It is very curioua to seo how completely quiet the street, which has been the scene of so wild a row, becomes in a few minutes after tho horae-raeo is over. This year T find it will bo the great objsot of the disaffected, and of the correspondents of tho .London papers, to ropre3ent that tho Roman people have refused to amuso themselves in ovder to epite Pio Nono. This is ft great exaggeration as regards the fact, and a greater misrepresentation of the causes at work. No 'doubt* it i3 less than an avorage Carnival, yet I am assured, by people long resident here, that on Thursday, for example, the tradespeople (who are the best judges of the degree to which the amusement goes) were quito satisfied. The street certainly was nearly as full as it could be, though tho cartiageB were fower than usual. On the other hand, it wa3 announced that the Romans were resolved to stay away from the Corso, and to make a sort of Carnival for themselves outside the Porto Pio. I can say, on the authority of a. Roman gentleman of high cha racter, who knows everyone, that he went thera on purpose to see what was done, and found a good many people, but comparatively few Romans, and still fower of any influence. His conviction waB that most of those who went there went from cu riosity (the demonstration having been announced beforehand), and not from any political feeling. On Friday, as no Carnival takes place in the Corso, the malcontents announced that they would make a demonstration by driving there, and there were a good many carriages there. I know, as a certain fact, that money is being lavishly spent by the Piedmontese party, and a few Bcudi would most easily get many more carriages than were there ; so that I do not think much of that. Meanwhile, the Carnival is better than had been expected by those who knew tho state of Rome, and tho ? character of tho people. First — the weather has bpen most vile, cold, and damp, even when not raining, an important circum stance in estimating the Biiccess of an out-of-doors amusement anywhere, and especially hero. Thurs. day was the first tolerable day— to day, though still very cold, promiaes better. Tho Toman people cannot amuse themselves without considerable expense, and, as I have before told you, the war and the absence of foreign visitors have, between them, caused great and general distress in Rome. It is a curious part of the Roman character that men who really cannot afford their usual expenses would rather be supposed to have been influenced by any motive, how.ejverbad^4jan. admit thati poverty ?''was their real excuse.- Many a man now professes to abstain from sulkinoss whose real reason is that he has no money. These are no theoretical conclusions of mine. They are well known here, and were calculated on before the Car nival came. There is no doubt that distress here, as everywhere else, does produce a degree of ill-feeling and more here than elsewhere, from the absurd notion people have in these oountiies tliat the Go vernment 13 bound to do everything for them, and is therefore at the bottom of all evih as well as all good. I mentioned the risa of prices. I am sorry' to soy it still continues. A few yeara back- the Government undertook to regulate 'prices.. In a small city this may bo dono,. by making the state (i. e., the whole nation) pay for the loss sustained by supplying the town under market price. We all know the extent to which this unjust and absurd Bystem was carried in former timos in Imperial Rome and Paris. Some yeara ago the trade in provisions hero was made absolutely free. The consequent is, that Government can no more lower the pnos of provisions than it can com pol men to sell houses or lands under their market price. Prices go on rising ; the poople Bay in con . soquonoo of a combination among tho doalei-8, and mischief-makers keep assuring the people that tho roal fault is in tho government of the Holy Father. Absurd as every one who understands political economy must seo this to be, it lies at the root of whatever inarea«e of discontent there has been in Rome. I well know that similar doluBions prevail among the less educated classes in England, but there i» here a very exaggerated notion of what Government can do. Lot me give you in proof of this two anecdotes, for the truth of which I can answer. An English friend of mine, who knows Italian as well as a native, met in a railway carriage a young man who was violent againBt the Govern ment. When asked his reasons, ho said, 'I am an advocate, and I assure you that if I had not somo private fortune I could not support my family.'. This the man sorious'y urged as a com plaint against the Government, especially as men wore making larjre fortunes at the bar in England. Ho was a good deal surprises at being told that there are thousands of advocates in the eamo con dition in England, with the- additional eiroum Btsnoos that, while his education had cost him nothing (for a university education is given free at Romo to any who pare to receive it), in England it would have cost him or his family some £1,000 at least. The other instanoo was, perhaps, mow amusing.' My friond is an accomplished swimmer. A liberal Italian gentleman eravely said to him, .'?.How well you English people swim. Soo what a vile Government ours is. Neither I nor any of my frionilo can swim a stroke)' For my part I believe that if people had long ago been more accustomed to aot for themselves, they could hardly have sunk into a stato of dependence so boy Mi as this implies ; and I thank God that it 19 not known in England. Still, ia considering what aan bo dono for and with these people, we must consider, not what they ought to be, but what they nro. As to the Cur nival, ono of tho complaints is, that order is kept, not as formerly by the Dragoons, but by thu mounted polico. Tho fact is (hat tho Dragoons had notoriously been tampered with by Piedmon teso agents, and were therefore broken up last Bummer. The trustworthy mombers of tho force were incorporated witli tho mounted pnlioo.aiid tho fact is many of tho individuals wlio are now keep ing order aro tho very name who did bo lost year under another name. I may add that tha display of French soldiers in the Corso seems to ma ursad visablo, I may speak more from English rather than Italian feelings. People say it gives uo j offonce, perhaps not, yet I would it should bo do. To nn English population it would certainly be offensive beyond measure, evon if tho soldiers were English. Neither do I believe it to be necessary. I well remember that when revolutionary move ments wore threatened in London in 1830 tho Duke of Wellington took measures, which gave hirrj^ as ho eaid, complete milit(try. possession of London. But one rcmarkablo part of his measures was, that not ono soldier was to ho seen in any of the public Btreets. They were drawn up ready to aot at a moment's notice, but kept out of sight till tho necessity arose for their acting, which, happily, did nevor arise at all. I do not like to impute bad motives, but Borne of the shrewdest men hern believe that the prominent display of French bayonet3 in the streets is intended to create bad feeling ngainBt the Government of tho Holy Father. There are many French authorities who are glad enough that ho should bear the blame. It therefore becomes important to etnto tho fact for which I can answor, that whether or not I ana right. in thinking this ill judged it is a matter in which neither the Holy Father nor his Government has any responsibility. 1 1 is arranged by the Frenoh General and the French Emperor without-his being consulted. Meanwhile, alongside of the Carnival — the wordly preparation for Lent — there is a religious preparation going on. The exposition of the Bles sed Sacrament, the giving of Benediction, are more frequent and more solemn than at other times. Twice this week the Holy Father has come down with a small following to adore before the Most Holy exposed over the altar. His devotion was moBt affecting to witness. But I fear to write what I hear every one around me say, lest I should ransgrcss tho limit that ought to Beparate' tho private from the public life, even of a Sovereign. Yesterday the English Catholics in Rome, headed by the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, pre sented an address of devotion and sympathy to the Holy Father at the Vatican. A friend of mine counted 354, of whom about two-thirds wore men and one-third women, I will only say now, that I never saw an assembly so deeply moved us this was, both by tho words of the Holy Father, and still more by tho whole love and manner of their delivery. I believe there vrere fow dry eyes there when, at the close of his speech, he lifted up his open hands as if to catch the ray of blessing from ^leayerv^andf-Kolemnly prayed - for the blessing of Grod the Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost, before, as the Vicar of Christ, he gave us his own ble.=sing. His, own voice was almost choked with emotion. I have heard several porsonB say, with something of sorrow, that they oan never hope to enjoy such a privilege again. I liearlily feel with ? them. * Padro Marchi, bo much celebrated for his re searches in the Catacombs, and his learned work on Ohristian antiquities, died on the day on which . T wrote last to you, having been for several days in. a hopeless state from an attack of paralysis. rFridav's G-iornale contains tho pastoral of the Cardinal Vicar, in which he refers to tho troubles and notations of the times, and mentioning that, by the example of the Old Testament, God's angor was turned away by fasting and prayer, adds that the Holy Father would gladly have had recourse to a more strict observance of Lent ; but that ' in con sidnration of tho present distress of his beloved people of Rome,' he gives tho indult, calling upon all to make up iu more abundant alms what is wanting in thoir fasting. I am happy to be able, to givo a good account of tho health of our Car dinal Archbishop. He drives out every day, and besides going to tho Vatican with the address yesterday, has been able to go for a day to the country house of the English College, a few miles towards Ostia. Rome, February 25. Sinco I wrote last the weather has beon enough to extinguish the most brilliant Carnival. As part, I presume, of the 'Carnivale Santificato' (a title whioh meets one's oyo at Iho church doors), tho Holy Father selects this time to visit different institutions. Among others ho was the other day all over the ' Sapienza,' tho Roman Beculatmu versify. He was met there by the professors and the roombora of different colleges, and examined in detail the halls, museums of anatomy, mineralogy, zoology, chemistry, &o.; On Thursday, ho re ceivod at the Vatican the parish priests of Rome, and the priests who avo to pveaoh tho Lent at dif ferent churches, to whom, I am told, he gave a sort of charge on their duties. On Q.uinquageBima Sunday, every year, tho ' forty hours' exposition commences ot tho Church of the Gesu. The Car dinals attend on that day, and on Monday it is the custom of the Sovereign Pontiff to pay a visit to the Most Holy Sacrament. At the High Mass, on Sunday, about twenty-four Cardinals (among whom was the Cardinal Archbishop of We.tmin ster) were present. On Monday, tho Holy Father wont from tho Churoh to the Sacristy, where lie admitted the member* of the casa professa to ki»s his fret afterwards. Different coHogos under tho care of tho Jesuit Fathers had the 'Same privilege; Addresses wero read in Latin from the German . college, in Spanish from that of the Spanish ' South Americans, and in Italian from tho collogo of Roman Nobles. Tho Popo replied to each in the same languages. Tho addresses breathed tho s nno tone of loyal affection, and that of tho Qcr mans, declaring tho retuline3s o f (lie students to livo and dio for tho Holy Father, added that they felt .they could thus best vorify the words of St. Paul, 'to liyo in Christ nnd to dio is gain.' After the colleges followed a number of clorgy and then of laily of both soxes ; as many indeed as the large sacristy and tho vestibule to it would hold. Rome, March 3. Lent is now ushered in. On Ash W\\.lue-day, at 10 o'clock, the Pope was present at the High Maes in the Siatiue Chapel fit the Vatican, Bung by tb Cardinal Vicar (Patrizzi), in the absence of Cardi nal Ferretti, the Penitentiary, who is not yet re turned since his -illness. From him therefore the Holy Fnthtr received the ashes, and then gave them to Cardinals, Prelates, and others allowed to receive them, and everything is now going on in the most sombre Lenten manner. A few of our countrymen are leaving Rome, but I suspect that a great many enjoy the quietness of the present season. It may be well for me to contradict oome few (which I have happened to see) of the numberless falsehoods py,lilisfc..in the English and other papers obout affairs here.; and first, the facts about the late address from the Roman nobility to tlie Holy Father have been so grossly misrepresented that I wish to put them on record, not that Protestant papers will cither re-publish them or attempt to reply. Their policy will be simply to ignore all contradictions, and go on repeating their former statements. This is what they have done about the monstrous calumny of a massacre at Perugia, and will no doubt continue to do in spite of all confutation. Still facts are always worth preserving, and the time will come ?when, the present crisis having passed by, impartial men may wish to know them. At that time it is worth while that they should have them put on re cord in the Weekly Register. The [statement is of course late — it could notbe othernise j no one can tell beforehand what lies will be told, and therefore they cannot be refuted till they hove been published. Moreover, in the present instance, the delicacy of the Roman Government towards those who refused to sijjn led them in the first instance to abstain from publishing their names. . The time for such delicacy is gone by. For the facts which I am about to state I can pledge myself, having receive (i them on the most certain authority. It was proposed that an address should be made by the nobility of Rome, whose names are inscribed in what is called the Golden Book of the Capitol not including the nobility of the provinces, even if by chance resident in Rome. Their number is about 160\. Great exertions were made by the so called liberal party to prevent it. The address, however, went on, and was presented. If the Government had at once published the names of those- who had and of those who had not signed, the effect would have been to point out the minurity to a sort of odium. To avoid, this, the names of both alike were suppressed. Upon this the statement was made, publicly and impudently, that it had not been signed by half the;Rqman. nobility. The fact was that 134' signed ahdi20 did not; Th e names of those who bad!si'gried:were'then-publi8hed by the Armonia of .;T.urin. --atithe- desire of the/Roman Govern inept. ..T.IieLjipxtiias^tjpnv-iitaderwas; 'that ''all 'wlio had signed were in- the pay of the 'Government. The Natione of} Florence; for instance,' went into particu lars, ind: asserted that the Marchese Patrizzi, as hereditary standard bearer to the Popej receives a salary of 1,200 scudi, and the Prince Altieri a large sum as head of the noble guard. Similar statements were made as to many others. Neither of these noblemen receive any thing at all ; and at least 76 out of 131 receive nothing at nil, and of the remain der more than half receive mere nominal salaries. As to those who did not sigh there were at least three who notoriously' wished to do so, but whose signatures were not asked put of delicacy, because they belonged to families the heads of which had not signed. ' These aTe'Dnke Sora, the eldest son of Prince Piotnbino ; Duke Poli; son of DukeTorlonia, and the 'youngerson of 'Count Malatesta. 'As to others who were not asked for the same reason I am not able to say whether they wished to sign or not. Tlie following' is a complete list: — ?'-;.' Prince' Doria, Prince Rospiglibri,' Prince Pallava cind,' Prince^ Gabrielli, ' Prince Torlonie, Prince Piombino ; Duke ? Caetani, ' Duke; Massimo, Duke Ttig'nano, ? Duke Cesaririi, Duke Lante, Duke Torlbnia,r Duke Poli, Duke Sori, Duke Fiano ; Marchese ' Bandini1' Ginsteniani, ? Duke Francesco Vilelleschi ; Marchese G. Pianciani, Marcheso F Piariciani, Marchese Li Pianciani, Marchese E. Pianciani ; ' Count Malatesta, Don Prospero dei Principe Santa Crbce.' ' ? ' Some of these had signed, last spring, an engage ment (sent here by the Government of Turin) pledging themselves to give the aid of their swords to the national cause r gainst Austria. So strong was their loyalty to tho Pope that when it appeared, later in the year, that the' movement was against him as wtll as against Austria, they paid six hundred scudi apiece as the price of withdrawing their- names from this engagement; but having signed it they considered themselves precluded from putting their names to an opposite declaration, although it expressed their real sentiments. Amongst these wera Prince D.iria Gabrielli, and the Marchese Bandini. Others (including Duke Torlonia, Duke Lante, the four Marcheses Piun ciani, and the Marchese Malatesta) said that their loyalty was so notorious to all ,nen, and to the Holy Father himself, that their signing would be useless, while it might compromise their safety in the event of any revolution. Thus the number of those who bona fide refused to sign as differing from the sonti munts of the address is reduced to twelve out of 160. I have only to repeat that I challenge any con tradiction as to these factB. Dr. Maiming arrived here on the morning of Ash Wednesday after a terrible passage. The slornm on the Mediterranean nave been tremendous, and the mails were greatly delayrd. Dr. Manning* I am thankful to say, has not suffered permanently, though he bad a rnosl fatiguing Journey, and must, I think, have been in actual danger. Another arrival is that of M. Veuillut, the laic editor of the %Inwers, the warmth of whose reception at Rome, at the present moment, I need not dcuuribe to you. Tlie health of the Cardinal Archbishop 5a decidedly iiiiprovin?. He was present, first of all the Cardinal?, at the Sistine oiv Wednesday. I observed then, as I have on former occasions, that strangers, bt whatever country, on coining to one of these gsthcungs always ask, as their first question, 'Which is Cardinal Antonelli ?' and for their second, ' Which is Cardinal Wiseman ?'?? H. W. W. His Royal Highness' Princo Alfred passed hia examination for midshipman on board the Eurynlus [he day the ship, anchoruil at Spithead. The examination extended over three days. 