SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, JUKE 28. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past 1 o'clock PETITIONS Mr DUFFIELD presented a petition from 248 inhabi tants of Crawford, Lyndoch Valley, North and South Rhine, and the locality, praying that a certain line of road m that district should be declared a main line. Received read, and referred to Committee on Main Roads Mr MORPHETT presented a petition from Mr Arthur Kinloch, praying for enquiry into his dismissal from the Civil Service The hon iuerab°i aam tint he presented the petition, because he recognised the right of every individu il to approach that House by petitrbn Heat ] But he felt bound to state that it contained linguage which might be considered disrespectful language ni refeience to His Evcel lency The paragraph in question was read by the lion member, who saul, that if th it was disrespectful language, the petition of course must abide the fait of every sunilai petition Mr FINNISS thought (he petition should not be íeceived as It contained reference to the Governor, w hose name should not be intioduced m debate The ATTORNEY GENER 4.L said that the lion member ought to be prepired to state that the petition was respect fully worded, instead of asking the House to decide whether it was or was not respectful Mr TOWNSEND said the petition had been sent to bun, but he had declined to present it as being at \anauce with Standing Ordei s Mi MORPHETT said that the course he had adopted was precisely that which several cxpenenced members of that House had advised him to aJopt Ile stood in some doubtas to whether the petition could be received, as worded, mid out of respect to the House he had called attention to the doubt ful expressions m it [Heir, hear ] He therefore moved that the petition be received, m order to test the question ol its admissibihty, except the Speaker ruled that it could not be received Mr DUTTON moved that the petition bo "read' before it was " received " The petitiou having been read by the Clerk, Mr FINNISS said there was enough on the face of that petition to justify severe animadversion, but he would waive that The petitioner however held language with regaid to His Excellency which no member of that House could use, ind, therefore no petitioner could use it The ATTORNEY-GENERAL pointe J out that, by Stand ing Order 97, no debate could take place on the presentation of a petition, except is matter of privilege or order Mr FINNISS thought the Attorney General should not besofldgetty He had just read a lesson to the lion mern ber foi West Torrens which the House had repudiated, and the Attorney General should learn a little wisdom from these rebuffs and not interfeie so flip] antly with hon mern bers lhere were seveial grounds why he, Mr Finniss, ob jected to the petition, and he would move that the petition be not received It tas irregular to refer to His Excellent") in debate, and so it was in petitions Therefore, without going further into the subject he moved the petition be not received Mr McELLISTER seconded The petition was rejected Mr MORPHETT would ask, how could the House sa) they would refuse to receive a petition after it had been lead by their order' Of course they must have received it beiort thev could read it Hie SPEAKER said the House had formally resolved to read it first The A TTORNEY GENERAL said that Standing Order 94 excluded ah petitions containing language disirspectful to any branch of the Legisl dure 1 he Governor was a portion of the Legislature, and ii . member were to be allowed to sav he doubted whether a petition was respectful or not, anj insult might be read at the tableof that House and published after w Inch the House could say they could not ieceive it He should like to know if lion memoers wc re nut bound to s i\ before handing up a petition that it was respectiul'y worded 9 The SPEAKER saul that strictly speaking it was so, bul under the special encumstanees ot the case the Hou-e hid decided tor the occasion, and had in fact override I the Standing Order Mr DUB FIELD considered that the meie reading of the petition was an iniiaction ol the Standing Orders already re ferred to The SPEAKER s-ud that m future lie should rule th it any petition was inadmissible, unless the lion member pre seating it coull vouch for its being in strict accordance with the Standing Orders Mr MORPHETT repelled the idea of having been induced to present this petition He had consulted with several ex penenced members, and ha 1 taken the course ho had taken out of pure deferenee to the rules and order of the House He was as little incapable as anj lion member oi being " m duced ' to any proceedings of the kind Tlie ATTORNEY-GENERAL denied having made any personal relereuce to the hon membei his remarks were gcneial in their application air DUTTOV thought it woul 1 be better, should such a case arise again, t h it the reporters should be requested to withdraw whilst the question was considered The COMMISSIONER Or PUBLIC WORKS thought such a plan altogether unnecessary. Standing Order 94 set forth the course that should be adopted, and the Clerk of the House, or the Speaker, could have been called for înfor- mation on the subject. The SPEAKER said that he, the Speaker had not been asked his opinion of the petition till it had, in the first in- stance, been submitted to the judgment of the House. Mr DUFFIELD asked if the petition would now be made public; would the reporters be justified in in publishing the petition after the House had declined to rcceiv e it ' Mr MILNE said that the petition, hiving been read, was' beyond the control ot the House as regnids the pi ess, although (he offi îaliecords of the House would, he pre uined, contain no reference to it. The SPEAKER said the petition was now in the hand of the hon. member who presented it, but the House had no control over the press in the matter. NOTICES OF MOTION Several notices of motion were given, as recorded else- where. SNOWY RIVER MAP Mr MILNE asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands when the map of the Snowy River Gold fields, to be ap- pended to Colonel Freehng's report, would be laid on the table of the House The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS expected the map from the printer eveiy day REAL PROPERTY LAW AMENDMENT BILL - At the suggestion of several members, the ATTORNEY - GENERAL moved that the second reading oi the Real Pro pert) BtH be postponed for a week Mr GLYDE suggested that the Bill be postponed until after the forthcoming dinner, to which many people weie going in order to understand the Bill (Laughtei ) TheTREASURLR said that the Government would not wish to press forward the measure if bon members wished for more time to study its provisions Mr 10WNSEND, mreteie>ice to what had fallen from Mr Glyde, hoped that the lion member himself, for the reason he had advanced, would not fail to go to the Real Property dinner [Laughter ] Hie second reading ot the Bill was postponed, as proposed by the Attorney- General CIVIL LIST AMENDMENT BILL The TREASURER, in moving the second reading of this Bill, remarked that it was a measure of that description which, in a Parliament like the present, would not require comment It was a measure which the public expected and which, he believed that House would sincerely approve There was, however, one point that it was necessary to remember, namely, that this was a measure of that nature which, in pursuance of the provisions of the Constitution Act, would need to be supported by an absolute majority of the members of both Houses ot the Legislature Had he thought such a course necessary, he would have requested a call of the House, but this he thought needless, as no doubt even with the attendance of boa members then present, an absolute majority of 36 members would be found in support of the measure Toe Bill was very simple in its nature It had lor its object the reduction of Mimstnri ii salaries, and also the equalisation of the salaries of responsible Ministers He could see no reason, and had heard no reason, w hy there should bp such an inequality in the salaries of Ministers as at present prevailed He could not see why the Chief Secre- tary should have 1,300? a-year while the Commissioner ot Crown Lands had 808/a-year Hie lion gentleman then repeated the proposed reductions seriatim, and concluded by saying that a Bill so simple in its nature needed no lengthened explanation He would, therefore, mov e the second reading of the Bill Mr FINNISS rose to oppose the measure, and he could not avoid expressing his astonishment and regret that on a question of such impôt tance the "treasurer should have pre sumed upon his influence ovei that libase to press lorward a measure, unsupported by argument a id wholly uncalled for by the public No doubt they had a strong Government, but if the effect of hiving a strong Government was to set aside deliberation and reasoning, and to legislate by mel e loree of ruling majorities, then the time would have come for them to consider whether strong Governments were ttseful or not There were two points which he would take up in opposing this measure In the first place, it would, he ima gined, be highly dangerous to the proper carrying on of re- sponsible government, that the Ministry should be subject to the continual interference of the House as regarded their salaries. [Hear.] This was one of the grjat principles which had been discussed when tbe Constitution Act was consi- dered in a former Parliament, and it had been agreed that the salaries of Ministers should be placed on the Civil List. It was necessary that it should be so to insure getting men capable of performing their duties, and it was highly desirable that Ministers sliould be independent men. He must also express a hope that Ministers would retire from the House when the vote affecting their salaries was taken. [Oh, oh.] It was the practice in the House of Commons, and he remembered that, on the last occasion when Minis- terial salaries were discussed, it was advocated that it should be so by the present Treasurei ; and to give importance to the subject he had even gone to the trouble of getting up a petition upon the subject. He, Mr. Finniss, hoped therefore the Ministry would follow out that course, and that they would have the delicacy to retire. [Oh!] He would, however, say no more on that point. [Hear, hear.] H¿ would now advert to the question as regarded the Constitution Act. It liad been laid down that that House should not be called upon to alter and consider Ministerial salaries year by year. And with regard to the passing of such a Bill, the House would have not only to obtain a majority of both branches ol the Legislature, but also Her Majesty's assent, before such a principle could be cariitd into effect ; und did not this show that the late House had attached great importance to that subject? Th^y should not allow official salaries to come on for discussion in that way from tims to time. If they were to be discussed in a Bill, they might just as well be placed on the Estimates at one« ; in fact it was a first step towards an infringement of the Constitution Act in that way. The House ought not interfere with reference to that question without very good and sufficient reasons being given, and he thought it was a most extraordinary course to attempt to bring in such a Bill without giving such reasons. He would object to that principle on another point. He did not think the equalization of Government salaries was called for. It was a measure contrary to the principle laid down at the time the Constitution Act was discussed-both the Act of 1853, which was not assented to, and that under which they now subsisted. Both Houses had agreed that it] sliould not be. It showed what little regard for the laws the present Treasurer had when he could come forward and say that it required no argument for so grave a departure from the Constitution Act. Perhaps the Treasurer knew something of the sort was expected by that House ; perhaps something was expected outside of that House also. [Hear.] Perhaps the hon. the Treasurer might have told his constituents of his intention to bring forward this measure. Perhaps the lion, member might have obtained his present position, nay even his seat in that House by promising this magnificent act of patriotism. Seeing that at the time in question the hon. gentleman had not a salary to give up, he perhaps so far succeeded in de- luding his constituents by the show of patriotism. But after all, what did the hon. gentleman give up ? A sum of 100Í. Was it not worth that sum to buy the suffrages of the elec- tors of Adelaide. [Oh, oh.] Was it not a small aura to give up to secure the support of members of that House ? Was it not a comparatively small amount to give for establishing a character for patriotism ? It might also have the effect of keeping the hon. gentleman a long time in office, for he was sure hon. members would never consent to part with a minister who was capable of so generous and patriotic an action. [Hear, hear.] And what did the Attorney- General give up? A sum of 200/. This was certainly a great act of generosity for a lawyer. To be found giving up part of the fees and and emoluments of his office for patriotism! [Laughter.] If tbe lawyers throughout the colony had only been actuated by one-half that amount of generosity, there would never have been any necessity for passing Torrens's Real Property Act. Therefore, the Attorney-General must be looked upon as having displayed an amount of patriotism never before known in South Australia. Perhaps the Chief Secretary, too, was very patriotic. He sacrificed 500; a-year. He, Mr. Finniss, did not know his circumstances, but he might be an independent man, and perhaps he might not Perhaps he might think the acceptance of office with a salary of 800/. a year, a good means of living. That was, no doubt, a question. The Chief Secretary might be a man having vineyards and orchards, and so forth 1 and what would it be to him to sacrifice a few hundreds to secure the character of being a pattern of patriotism, to secure the good opinions of the Legislature-comparatively nothing. There were others highly patriotic, no doubt, who would come forward and occupy the office for 800/. a-year. But if Ministers were really such models of patriotism, why did they wait to bring in a Bill upon the subject-a Bdl that perhaps would only be binning upon their succes- sors? Why did they not say, " We'll draw our salaries and pay them magnanimously back again into the public trea- sury, and never touch a penny of them afterwards?" Why did they not tell them that? [Oh.] They no doubt thought them- selves worth the amount of pay on the Civil List. He, Mr. Finniss, thought they were worth it, and they ought to draw it. It was not a wise course ; because let them look at the matter in a mercantile light. If a man sends to England for any particular article, and sends a certain sum of money, he gets just the value of that amount of money in return. He should, if he wanted a good article, send a good sum of money, because the article is to be had at all prices. If he does not send a good su>a of money he must go to the marts of Birmingham or Sheffield, where things are got up cheap. [Laughter.] Now, it was just the same with Government* ollicers, and if they wanted men capable of filling those ap- pointments, independent men, they should pay them well. He had no doubt that there were plenty whowouM take and fill those offices for 30 ii. a year, but he took it that the r Legislature would stand on higher grounds, and that they would not put their Ministerial offices up to tender in that way. He did not think they should allow gentlemen to be put into power by the patriotic cry, "Oh, we'll do it so much less than the others did." Suchwoull be the cry at every election it the House was to permit that system of pandering to the clamour out of doors. The present Government might possibly not be in office long-until the Queen's assent was given lo this Bill-and it would then follow that they had been simply reducing the salaries of their successors, and other members who might be worth purchasing might not be able to get in because the salary would be insufficient for their maintenance. By following the suggestion.of the Government, heconsidered the House would be deteriorating and degrading the public service. He thought the members of the Government ought to be paid well. Nothwithstand ing these reductions in departments which had been going on, the Government had not generally reduced salaries. They had admitted the principle-pay the men well and work them hard. [Hear, hear.] And this was what they ought to do if they wished for ability. He hoped the House would a'ways try to get able men on the Treasury benches, especially when there were so few independent men in the colony. ["Oh, oh," from Mr. Townsend.! The bon. member for Onkapa- ringa said "oh, oh," and of course by that he meant that he was an independent man. He, Mr. Finniss, had no doubt that he was one of those very independent men who would be willing to take office upon any terms whatever. [Lauglrer.j The bon. the Treasurer had alluded to the equalisation of Ministerial salaries as desirable. He thought the duties of the respective responsible officers of the Ministry here were very various, some being more onerous than others. There was the Chief Secretary, who was in reality the responsible officer of the Ministry, and he certainly thought he should be in that House. He was the Premier, and his duties were extremely onerous. Under the Constitution Ai t he was the guardian of the whole Government. No or-ler for paymeut of money issued to any offic r by a superior authority need be obeved unless countersigned by the Chief Secretary. He" was therefore the guardian uf the Government, and it was necessary that he should consider eveiy act of the Ministry before it was carried into effect. In order to be cognisant of all that was going on in the Government it was necessary that every document should pass through his office: And no member of the Cabinet had a right to hold any important correspondence without it had passed through his office He wns also the means ol' communication between the head of affairs and the Executive. He it was alone who had a right to confer with the Governor. The Governor would never think of visiting the office of the Commissioner of Public Works for any information. It wns always the Chief Secre- tary. Those were all important duties, and showed the office of Chief Secretary to be more important than any of the olher offices in the Ministry. Perhaps of all the offices that of the Attorney-General was the least onorous. That officer had certainly the least work to do, and might be well able to lose 2uoi. per j ear and then feel that he was well paid for his services. Perhaps of all the officers of the Ministry the Com- missioner uf Public Works was the worst paid. The work of the Commissioner of Public Works had been veiy great, although the same amount of work might not always exist in conned ion with that department. They cou:d not however, make any alteration in the remuneration attached to those offices. He could appeal to the other colonies in illustration of what he had stated. They had in every one of their Legislatures maintained a difference in Ihe salaries of the oHico'rs of the Government -the Chief Secretary espe- cially. In Victoria the Chief, or Colon al Secretary as he was called, had 2,5 02. per annum, and the other officers had 2,000/. The Solicitor-General had 1,500/. per annum. Then as regarded Van Diemen'« Land, the Colonial Secretary there had 1,200/., and the Colonial Treasurer had only 8Ö0/. Still both these colonies recognised the distinction which existed in the duties of the respective offices, and he thought it an unwise course to make all equal. He hoped the House would enter fully into the matter for the reasons he had given. The bon. the Treasurer had given no good reason for the scheme h . had introduced, and unless he could do this, the House should not pass the Bill. He would move that the Bill be read a second time that day six mouths. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS thought that every lion, member who had had the honor of a seat in that House for the last two years, and who was accustomed to the heavy speeches of the lion, member for Mount Barker, and knew the dull way in which they were generally delivered, must have been considerably refreshed to hear the energetic way in which he had, on that occasion, treated a simple m i tter of finance. The lion, gen- tleman had begun by. dispensing his favors right and left ; giving a sneer here and a laugh there, in a manner which really was peculiarly refreshing'. [Hear, and laughter.] He had himself felt refreshed by Hie new style of the late Treasurer at a I events. [Hear.] Tliere had not, however, 1 een a single argument brought forward as to why the Bill should not pass. The hon. gentleman had begun by saying that the House must not let the salaries of the officers ot the Ministry come on lor discussion year by year. Ile, the Coia i missioner, had not understood that the introduction of the Bill would have any such effect; on the contrary, it was a mensure biought in to alter the Constitution Act. The Bill would require to rcc-jive the asseut of a majority of both Houses, and he imagined the CivilList was still tobe re taiuod, only that the figures would be altered. The Bill was therefore, brought in to alter the Act, and it would not require the salaries to be considered year by year. [Hear.] It was never intended, as had been stated, to put the Minis- terial salaries on the Estimates. The inteution of the Bill was simply to revise the salaries. He believed that in New South Wales the same step had bean taken to equalise the salaries. How the lion, member for Mount Barker, Mr. Finniss, could have brought forward such a statement against the Treasurer, as that he owed his seat to a display of patriotism, and so had been returned by a large majority, he, the Commissioner, did not know. Hie lion, member must have sprely forgotten that in making that statement he was accusing hiuiselfof want or patriotism, because, if the Hon. the Treasurer hao. been returned against - him on that account,. it clear!** showed that the hon. member must have teen re je-ctcd for want of patriotism, [Hear, and laughter.] Of course it was highly desirable to have men ol worth and ability on the Tr&Bury; benches, and it was right they should be paid; but there was a very old saying, that "you may pay too dear fur your whistle." And if the country had thought the hon. member for Mount Barker was worth 1,200/. a year, or that he had ability enough, that might not be too much for his ability. It was therefore shown that, as regarded the Ireasurer or Chief Secretary, they "¿night pay too dear for their whistle" [Hear, hear.] The measure was simply one of economical arrangement, and one which the Government considered it necessary to carry out. In the first place, he believed,.the equalisation of Ministerial sal tries would work well ami. ugh the Chief Secretary might have a different position from the rest of the Ministry. He, however, deuiid that the Chief Secretary was in a more responsible position. He was, it was true, the medium of communication between the [ Governor and the Executive, and had to countersign all orders and so forth. Yet where was Responsible Govern- ment if there was only one responsible Minister? [Hear, hear.] He held that the other members of the Ministry were equally responsible for their actions. He did not think it necessary further to take up the time of the House than to ask them to assent to this measure. [Hear.] It was merely as he had stated an economical arrangement, and he hoped the House would adopt it so that future Ministers sitting on those benches might be bound by it. As regarded the Chief Secretary, he considered he was well paid at 800Í. per year. He agreed that it might be much better if he had a seat in that House, but the preceding Ministry had shown by ex- ample that it wa not absolutely necessary that he should be a member of it ; on the contrary he had heard arguments from the same hon. member that, if any officer of the Government bad a seat in the Upper House, it should be the Chief Secretary. ["No, no, from Mr. Finniss."] Well, it might not be from him, but it was from some of his bon. colleagues. It was, at all events, from that side of the House [Hear, hear.] He hoped the House would pass the second reading of the Bill, and carry it through. Mr. TOWNSEND had listened to a great number of speeches during the time he had been a member of that House, and he could say he had never listened to any speech which was so- low in its tone as that which had just been delivered by the hon member for Mount Barker, Mr. Finniss. In a Bill such as the present, containing only two clauses, and so simple in its nature, he had not supposed much discussion needed, and he was decidedly of opinion that the bon. member had referred to it in an improper spirit ; nor could he help thinking of the speeches which had come from the other side of the House during the time the late Government held office, witn reference to the question of emoluments to Government officers. It was then con- tended that the emoluments of office were well and hardly worked for, and that they should not be in- terfered with ; it was, notwithstanding, a degradation to be continually dwelling upon emoluments and pay. But now the hon. member seemed to think of nothing else. [ Hear.] He, Mr. Townsend, considered the manner in which the lion, member had referred to the action of the Govern- ment in bringing in that Bill, degrading to the city electors who had placed the Treasurer in that high position. [Hear, hear.] The hon. member had said that the Treasurer would be making no saciifice in giving up 100/. out of 900/. f.r power and position, and that he had cheaply bought the suffrages of the electors of the city for loo/. The bon. mem bar said that the votes of those electora were cheap, and were to be easily bought. [Hear.] It was true that the electors of the city had returned Mr. Thomas Reynolds by an overwhelm- ing majority, perhaps the largest majority by which any hon. member had been returned ; and it was equally true that they had rejected and sent to the right about Mr. B T. Finniss. [Hear, hear.] He thought that if any proof were wanting as to the estimate formed by the city electors of the ability of the two men, it was to be found in the fact of the electors of the city choosing, as they had done, from the two candidates who were likely to be fitted for the office of Trea- surer, and electing a hardworking, painstaking, energetic man, such as Mr. Reynolds had proved himself to be, in pre- ference to the now lion, membei for Mount Barker. [Hear.J The hon. member had also mentioned about sending home to England for goods, and having to pay high prices for first rate articles, and hod also said that they could go to the Birmingham and other markets and ob- tain articles of inferior quality at cheaper rates. He [Mr. Townsend] thought that the hon. gentleman must have been originally a Brummagem article himself-[laughter] and that as such came out here, got into power, and by mixing with Government officials, acquired a little of the official varnish. [Hear, and laughter.] He had said that all those who were employed in responsible and important offices should be proportionately remunerated. He had also said that the lightest office in the Government was that of the bon. the Attorney-General, who had the least to do in the Cabinet, but notwithstanding this he immediately afterwards defended giving l.ouo/. a year to the Attorneyr General, with little to do, and 800/. a year only to the Com- missioner of Public Works, and to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who he had himself acknowledged were more hardly worked. [Hear.] The lion, gentleman would, he thought, do well to remember the speeches of Mr. Hanson and other members of the Cabinet. Bat as regarded'the particular question before the House, notwithstanding the remarks of the lion, member for Mount Barker upon the subject, he [Mr. Townsend] considered the present Ministry were quite right in bringing in the measure in the manner they had done. The Treasurer knew that he was strong in that majority which had returned him, and also in having the confidence of a majority of that House, and he knew that the Bill went direct to the point. He believed that the Bill would be received with great saris faction. It w,is quite in accordance with the spirit of that Government, the way in which they had introduced that Bill. They went into office on the understanding that some such measure would be introduced. He must, however, call attention to one point that had perhaps been overlooked. He understood from the Government that the office of the Attorney-General was to be modified so as to make it a non-political office, and to have placed it under some other name. But he perceived in the second clause that the salary of the Attorney-General was included under the same designation. It waa, of course, a question which might be conaideied and altered in Committee ; still, be thought It right to call attention to it. The hon. member for Mount Barker had also alluded to the manner in which the mem- bers of the present Government drew their salaries. They drew their salaries at the rate at which they we-re at present fixed, and he imagine-d th it the moment the Bill passe l the Legislature, and without waiting for Her Majesty's assent, they would draw their salaries in tin» way that Bill specified. This would give great satifaction to their friends, who certainly expected that they would follow this line of action. He thought if the hon. member for Mount Barker really wanted to show a factious opposition now he was on that side of the House, his speech of that day had given a fair exhibition of it. [Hear.] Before sitting down ho would call attention to the 123rd Standing Order, which stated that bon. members could not vote in cases where they were pecuniarily interested He thought the ruling in the present instance might perhaps be to the effect that Ministers did not come within the scope? of that Standing Order. With regard to two mt of tin» Tour Ministers in that House, their s tlaries vre ". unaltered by the Bill, and though those of the» other two were altered à was by way of reduction, and the Ministers concerne I might be safely left to vote for such reduction. [Laughter.] Either they were not affected by it at all, or they were affected on the wrong side. He would support the second reading. Mr. MILNE rose to a point of order. He would ask whether, as this was in some respects a money Bill, it should not be debated in Committee ? The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that the ques- tion before the House was simply whether the Bill should be read a seoond time. Mr. N. BLYTH would not detain the House long in making a lew remarks upon the question before them, because he was quite sure he would be followed by those who were much ' more able than himself to deal with the question. He thought that the Ministry were certainly entitled to the warmest thanks for bringing in that measure. Their intention was good, and the measure would, he thought, be condncive to the good ôi the country. [Hear, hear.] He must say he did not see that the Government were acting at all inconsistently in drawing their present salaries. It was all that was ex fected of any oneil they obeyed the law as it stood. [Hear,] f the law happened to tell against them they would be bound to obey it In the present case it happened to tell favorably. When the Bill became law it would be time en-mgh to obey it. One reason why he was prepared to give his acquiesence to the measure was that it did not interfere with vested interests. A similar question had received affirmation in the British House of Lrrds, in which a Bill had been rejected, because it apparently interfered with the vested interests of certain clergymen. The clergymen had, it was true, given their consent, but the fact of the interference was sufficient to justify its refusal. As regarded the present measure, he might say that it would have received his acquiesence even had the reductions been greater. He thought a Minister's salary could not be compared with any others. He had heard what had been said about purchasing ceitain articles and paying a certain price according to their worth. The salaries of the Government could not be estimated ia that way. People could not hold that the salaries of the responsible ministers of the Crown were to be put into com Sarisonwith the salaries of ordinary employees. [Hear, ear.] It was a fair presumption that men of ability and activity would be found .with sufficient leisure to place at . the disposal of the country, without looking for high emolu- ments. Ile trusted that a higher motive than mere pecuniary advancement would animate Ministers. He trusted that the Bill would go further. An hon. member had dwelt much upon the fact, that the introduction of the measure was con- trary to the Constitution Act. The hon. gentleman here dwelt at length upon that view of the question, stating that it was not a question of constitutional principle which was involved, but simply a question of figures and reduction of expenditure. [Hear.] There were also collateral advan- tages to be gained (from this measure. Under responsible government, he had found that Ministers increased their private establishments, andaltog ther got into a more luxu- rious manner of living. [Hear.] That remark did not merely apply to members of the Government ; they all lived a good deal too luxuriously-[laughter]-and if to any degree a collateral advantage could be gained lu this way he should be glad to see the measure passed. [Hear.] ne thought that they should all learn to use a little self-denial, and, if gentlemen had beeti compelled to reduce their private \- expenditure, as most of them had, why should not the same Îirinciple be applied to the public service ? [Hear. 1 He felt nclined, however, to agree with the hon. member for Mount Barker, that that measure should not have been brought on for consideration except after a call of the House. It would have been only courteous to have made a call of the House; but, he presumed, this was a mere ovei sight on the part of the Treasurer. He had thought, until within afew moments previously, that the consideration of the measure would have been postponed, and it would, perhaos, have been the better course, so that a call might have been made, and the matter fully considered. He would repeat that the question involved waa simply one of figures and not of principle. Times had changed since the original schedule to the Constitution Act had been passed ;they had gone through a period of unwonted depression, and he thought that was a sufficient reason for the Act to he altered as regarded the amounts. [Hear.] An hon. member had said that he had no doubt that there were many who would come forward and occupy the office of Chief Secretary for 300/. per year, but then it would not be a party who would be suitable. It was recorded of the celebrated Cobbett, that he had once said he could get a man who was willing to be Speaker o tbe House of Commons for half the salary paid ; but the hon. member must have forgotten that it was necessary that gentlemen holding these high offices should have the confi- dence of the country. [Hear, hear.] He would be prepared to give the measure his warmest support Mr. LINDSAY said he did not impute to the present Administration the unfair motives which had been imputed' to them by the lion, member for Mount Barker, Mr. i innis?. He believed the Treasurer, having given a pledge to his con- stituents, was bound not only to fulfil his pledge honorably, but willingly. His, Mr. Lindsay's, opposition was based on the ground that he considered the interfering with the Con- stitution to be wrong. Such interference ought only to follow upon very strong cause shown, and ought not to be- ttie result of any clamour. When Her Majesty gave us a Constitution, she wisely stipulated for a Civil List. That . list was never attempted tobeiuterfered with. He at once admitted that the salaries of the Ministers might be the subject of advantageous legislation to some extent-[hear] - Still he apprehended that it would be a great evil to interfere with the Civil List at all : as it might be subjected to altera- tions year by year. He apprehended that inasmuch as the Civil List was introduced nt Her Majesty's wish, any altera - ration they might make would be overruled. He would con- sent to no interference with the Civil List, and therefore would oppose the Bill, and he trusted that lion, members would follow his example. Mr. MILNE cordially (concurred with the last speaker in his iutention of opposing the motion. He took that oppor- tunity of saying that he disclaimed all imputation of im \- proper motives as against the Government, and accorded great credit to Hiern for the stand which they had taken in regard to economy. They had determined upon economical changes, and he thought it was creditable to i\\.< *n ; but he had a great objectipn to tamper with our Constitu.ion Act, unless from some very strong necessity. He feared that we might get into the habit of lightly making alterations ; in tact he thought we should rarely hear of a Parliamentary session without there having been some alterations made. If they began hy altering the salaries of responsible Ministers, it was to be feared the Judges would next be interfered with, and he would be sorry, indeed, to see their salaries touched in the slightest degree ; in fact he would much re- gret to have the Constitution Act touched at all without the strongest necessity and ri-n.and for it Allic-ion had 1 con made to commercial depression, and ii was hue enough m reference to recent tim's that there had been such depres- sion , but he thought such depression would not continue. There had been a considerable alteration in things since the Constitution Act was passed, six years ago ; there had been a great deal done; the population had increased to a con- siderable extent ; imports and exports had largely increased ; and when they considered how the material wealth of I! .. colony had augmented, and compared their condition wit u that of the neighboring colonies, they could point in a very favorable manner to the result. There were two ways of looking at the question before them ; the post of a Minister waa one of great honora-there waanoquestion about that; and it waa an object of ambition. But it was not one barely of bon. m it entailed serious and responsible duties ; and if they ga vi' a responsible Minister a salary at all, that salary ought to bear some approximation, some assimilation, to thodutu.-. entailed. [Hear, hear.] Surely they could never think foi a moment that if gentlemen worthy to occupy those benda s gave up their time and talents to other occupations, they would not realise very much more than the salaries se't down in the schedule. There was a sufficient margin for honor-a thing not to be purchased generally; but itinisters had to devote time, talent, and even to sacrirke thepnrs its of private business, which might realize three or four times the amount of their official remuneration From these considerations he thought the present salaries not too much. It had been said that this question did not really affect the Constitution. In one sense certainly it did not, because it did not affect the clauses of the Constitution Act ; but it came to the same thing ; if they once began meddling with the schedule, which was really part and parcel of the Act, no portion of it was safe. They had heard from the Treasurer that it required au absolute majority in both branches of the Legislature to pass this Bill, but he would be glad to know if that was the opinion of the learned Attorney-General He was prepared to admit that the pro- posal before them was not without its advantages, but on the grounds he had stated he felt bound to vote against the motion. Mr. MORPHETT did not sympathise in the horror that had been expressed as to meddling with the Constitution, nor did he look upon it as something that was inherently perfect, and required no after emendation. He was old enough to remember that Lord John Russell years ago brought in a Reform Bill which he said must be taken as a final measure ; but what was the case now? Why, that same noble lord had introduced another Reform Bill, setting aside his former measure, and substituting one going very much further than that which he had said must be final. Experi- ence and enlightened statesmen bad thrown that argument to the winds, and they too must discard the notion of having obtained a final Constitution, and address themselves to the» duty of improving it so far as it needed improvement. [Hear.] He could of course very well understand the dread of the hon. member for Mount Barker, so long accustomed to the sweets of office, and perhaps not altgether despairing of recovering them, he could imagine him, accustomed as he was to be shut up - not amidst the waterfalls that had been recently referred to, bat amidst the gloom and routine of his office-he could imagine that that hon. member would be horrified by the proposed change. The idea reminded him of Masbcth and Banquo'tf ghost. But they could not check the progress of the nation. [Hear.] The change was coming, and would come, in spite of the hon. gentleman. The hon. member for Onkaparinga had deprecated yielding to popular clamor ; but he, Mr. Morphett, was ready to bow to the majesty of the people. [Hear.] The people were accustomed to have their own way. The Real Property Act waa a signal instance ot the power of the people to obtain their wishes, and it was useless to resist. He certainly would confess that the popular view might not always be right, but with such a Constitution as they had, it was ridiculous to talk of not yielding to popular demands. He certainly agreed with those hon. members who had said that there would be great dissatisfaction if Ministers did not redeem their pledges on the subject of retrenchment. Mr. MILNE rose to explain. He did not say that they should not yield to popular clamor, but that unless there was a general public demand for it, and it became absolutely necessary, they should not interfere with so highly impor- tant an Act as the Constitution Act. Mr. SUTHERLAND would not have troubled Hie House at all had not the hon. member for Mount Barker said that if they wanted a good article they must pay a high price. Bat they did not always get a good article for a high price, in proof of which he might remark that it was not so very long since the Home Government thought to foist upon them a very bad article indeed, at a very high îgure. "A Governor had been appointed-he forgot his Same-(Lawler-Francis Lawler)-yes, Mr. Lawler, who .Vas to receive a much higher salary than Governor Grey ; yet this Mr. Lawler was such a very bad article, though at such a high price, that the Home Government were com- pelled to cancel the appointment. He thought this a most complete answer to the remarks of the hon. member about high prices securing good articles. [Hear, hear.] The state or the finances of the colony rendered retrenchment neces ' lary, and he should certainly support the second reading of the Bill. Mr. GRUNDY had come to the House that day with no idea of speaking to this question, for he had no idea that a Bill that was introduced to the House with so much grace by the present Cabinet, and so much patriotism, would meet with the slightest opposition. [Hear.] It had, however, proved Otherwise, and he felt in consequence compelled to makeafew comments on the debate that had arisen, which he would preface by saying of the conduct of the Ministry that it was the most dignified and patriotic that had distinguished the history of any British legislation since the days of the great Lord Camden, whose sacrifice of the emoluments of office was matter of lasting honor to himself. The ex-Treasurer had thought fit to insinuate that the present Treasurer's sacrifice of loo/, a year was the price of his supporters' votes in that House. Now this sum he, Mr. Grundy, found was, when divided among its members, about ios. a month per member, or 2s. Gd. a week, or, includ- ing the days of attendance on Select Committees, at the rate of ed. a day. [Hear.] Now, if the hon. the ex-Treasurer thought that waa the price of his, Mr. Grumly's, votes, he would find himself greatly at fault in attempting to drive a * bargain with him on such terms, as he would equally be on any other terms. [Hear, and laughter.] The loo/., however, was not to make them forget that the aggregate saving by the Bill was soo/., and that was a consideration in the prê- tent condition of the public purse. [Hear.] But he would ttk hon. members whether, apart from the mere amount of 8001., there was not as important a consideration in the moral force of so noble, and disinterested an example? [hear]-whether it would not even be felt beyond the pre .peineta of South Australia? There was another consideration 'lie waa led to bring before them, namely, that two of the members of the Ministry who had brought in that Bill were known not to be wealthy men, and in such a case the sacri- fice ot 100/. a year out of soo/, was as great an act of patriot- ism as that of 1,090/. a year would be on the part of some of those honorable gentlemen among them, who had the good fortune to possess large incomes. [Hear.] He was somewhat surprised to find the principal opposition coming from the ex-Treasurer, in indulging in which he had laid \- some streaa on securing the greatest amount of ability by paying a higher amount of salary. Now he, Mr. Grundy, was miling to hope that their 800/. bargain would prove as good as their previous one-[hear]-at all events, they .night calculate upon having the Treasury ledger and journal as well kept. [ Laughter] It was due to the present cabinet to state, in reply to some unnecessarily severe strictures that < had boen indulged in, as to their claims of salary, to remind t the House that when the subject was first mooted by the j preseut Treasurer, he had distinctly stated that the Cabinet ( did not intend to wait for Her Majesty's sanction to the . present Kill before they acted upon it, but that so soon as it received the sanction of the two Houses, they would from that date draw only their reduced salaries. [Hear.] The lion. member for Encounter Bay, Mr. Lindsay, expressed great horror at what he considered an inroad upon the Constitution Act ; but it, might serve greatly to abate that hon. member's horror and j apprehension to remind him that that Act itself contem- plated improvements-[hear]-that one of its clauses pro-1 vided for alterations, amendments, and additions, which its > framers evidently anticipated would in the course of events become advisable or necessary. That time had now arrived, and their present action, he maintained, was in perfect har- mony with the Constitution, to interfere with which had created so much needless horror. [Laughter.] It would ? evidently be useful on the present occasion to read to the , House the clause to which he referred. The hon. member, then read the opening paragraph of "the 34th clause, and concluded by referring to the lofty patriotism of the chief opponent of the present measure. That gentleman had re- marked that delicacy should dictate to the Ministers present to withdraw from the House when the division took place; but he would ask, did that hon. gentleman leave his seat when he fixed his own salary at 900/.? and as for his patriotism, where was that when in his place in that House he brought in through the Constitution Act, the schedule that saddled the country with his retiring pension of 425/. a year for life? [Hear.] Where waa his dis- interestedness and patriotism at that time, when, with 375/. a year to be granted to the Ex-Attorney-General, he taxed thecountry son/, a year? [Laughter;] And as those gentle- men were in the bloom of manhood, and might calculate upon their time being extended 20 years, they had in the overflow of their patriotism, established a claim upon the revenues of South Australia, to the extent of 10,000/. He would conclude by cordially supporting the measure. Mr. FINNISS explained that he was sure that the hon. member, Mr. Grundy, was not aware of the fact that the ex-Ministers were not present when the vote for their sala- ries was being considered. Mr. GLYDE did not intend to have spoken ; in fact he thought the Bill might have been carried sub silentio. He thought it the most extraordinary thing in the world if Ministers chose to have their salaries reduced, and presented a Bill for that purpose, that opposition should be thrown in their way. With reference to the horror of interfering with the Constitution Act-did they mean to say that the whole wisdom of the colony was concentrated in the 24 members of a previous Assembly, and that the present Assembly were fools ? He supported this Bill for two reasons; first, because he thought it desirable to save 800/. a-year; and in the second place, because the equalisation _ of salaries of ministers was a very important move in the right direction. He had observed that under the present system the right men had not always been in the right place ; round men had been placed in square holes, and square men in round holes He could, however, suppose that under a^ better system a successful farmer wou d be Commissioner-^ ' Crown Lands ; an architect or engineer,- Commissioner of Public Works ; the leading barrister o t tbAjplmy, Attorney General ; a man who had a turn forjïgures-[langhterl and who had by managing Ws own affairs well shown his capacity to manage public finances. Treasurer-[hear]-and one who combined all tfies'é good qualities, Chief Secretary. Thev would Jijen get oi very plcawnly. [Laughter.] There was nAi'ecessity for going into argument, for this Bill wouldjMKisscd by a large majority. He wished, how- ever, tOA^Be-Attorney-General whether it was necessary that tJfflHro be passed must have an absolute majority of both ïtRrïïPSL He believed it was not necessary, as the Bill did not affect the constitution of the House, or the franchise, or the mode of electing their officers, but referred simply to a financial arrangement. Dr. WARK quite agreed with the Bill before the House, and thought it. quite proper to begin with the Ministry themselves. Paring and pruning, were doubtless quite necessary, but it was not necessary to limit this to the lower salaries. They must begin at the beginning. Ministers took office on the principle of retrenchment, and if they cjuld not carry this out they had better go and attend to thrir gardens, and thf gentlemen in town to their business. It was one thing to give a certain salary when gold was flowing in and the people were anxious to get rid of it It was easy then to do these things but there came a time when things changed. Ministers had taken the right step, but it would not stop there. He was not sure that anybody would be safe, not even Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.] A good deal had been said about people having a particular turn for business, and making a gre?t deal of money, but some people of very high faculties, and far above the average, were not fit for mer- chants, though they might be fit for statesmen. It was very difficult always to get tho right man in the right place Mr, DUNN remarked that the hon. gentleman was out of order. The STEAKER ruled that the bon. member was slightly Out of order. Dr. WARK thought he might illustrate by example. [Laughter.] There were persons who would have ni examples, and could not appreciate an example-[laughter] -who were incapable of making a comparison, or of com- paring the past ages with the present, and present things with past. [Laughter.] They were incapable of judging; they could make money, and that was all. He would merely say lie was prepared to give full support to the measure. [Divide, divide.] Mr. DUFFIELD would be sorry to occupy the time of the House long, for he knew that he could not address them in so lucid a manner us the last speaker had done. [Laughter. ] He only rose to correct an cn or of the h*o*>. member for Mount Barker to the effect that, when the Civil List Bill was passed, those gentlemen withdrew. The fact was, as appeared by reference to the votes and proceedings, that they withdrew when the question of their pensions was under consideration, but remained md voted on the question of their salaries. Mr. MILDRED, who rose amidst loud cries of "Divide." said that he only wished to remark that he considered the piesent a most opportune moment for effecting the reduction proposed, and should certainly support the Bill. He should also be prepared to go further than was proposed in the measure introduced by thi* Government. Retrenchment was now absolutely necessary, anti the House must not shrink from what was an imperative duty. A division was called for, on an amendment " that the nouse divide," which was rejected by five votes. AYES. II. -Messrs. Bakewell, Brown, Dale. Giyde, Grundy, Morphett, Moorhouse, Owen, Sutherland, Wark, McEllister (teller.) NOES, IC-The Treasurer, Commissioner Crown Lands, Co.iimisäioner Public Works, Messrs. N. Blyth, Coglin, Colo, Dale, Duffield, Dutton, Finniss, Mildred, Milne. Pea- cock, Santo, Townsend, the Attorney-General (teller.; The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply to a question which had been asked as to whether the Constitution Act iei] lired a majority of the whole House before a Bill pro , noting such alterations could be passed, could inform tuon members that no a.teration could be made in the Con 'itutiou Act unless with the sanction of a majority of the i 'viiole House». Ile had experienced much satisfaction from the explanation of the hon member for Mount Harker, Mr. Finniss, who, during the whole of his speech had ¡held in his hands a very long piece of red fane-[loud laughter]-which was an extremely symbolical badge nf'the principles which he was enunciating, as nothing cauld have b."»n produced which savored more of red tape than the =)>ecch of the late Tieasurer. The Government had con- sidered the question with reference to the Constitution Act, and were aware that a large majority of both Houses was re- quisite» before such au alteration in the Civil List could be carried. .Mr. DUNN remarked that before the question was put ho , .vas desirous of makin»* a remark with reference to the ! arguments which had fallen from the late and also from the I preseut Treasurer. The late Treasurer had observed that in order to have the woik of the Government done well it would bo necessary to pay the officers of the Government well; and he, Mi. Dunn, hoped that, bicause the present Government wore proposing to lower the pay of their officers, the work would not be worse done ia consequence of the reduction. He remarked that the vulgar opinion was that i the most highly paid officials usually had the least work to do. He seconded the motion. A division was called for with the following results : - AYES.-The. Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Messrs. Bakewell, Blyth, Browne, Cole, Coglin, Dale. Duffield, ; Dunn, Dutton, Glyde, Grundy, Mildred, Moorhouse, Morphett, Owen, Parkin, Santo, Sutherland, Townsend, Wark, and the Treasurer (teller). NOES.-Mr. Milne, and -Mr. Finniss (teller). Majority, 22. The House then resolved itself into Committee, and the second reading was proceeded with. Mr. TOWNSEND called the attention of the Committee to the teim " Attorney- General" in the first clause. He had heard it stated that it was not intended to make the Attorney-General a political office, and suggested that he should liear the title of " Minister of Justice." The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that the Govern- ment had come to the conclusion that if the Court of Appeal sliould be formed the objections formerly urged agaiustthe oiIic2 of Attorney-General would be rendered unnecessary. 'The Bill did not propose to violate the Constitution Act, but merely to alter certain amouuts paid to particular officers. The TREASURER considered that it wa3 very desirable the Bill should be carried as it stood, as if the suggestion of Mr, Townsend were adopted it would involve the opening up of another question, and he was under the iuiptession that such a contingent motion would peril the safety of the Bill in the other branch of the Legislature. Mr. GLYDE did not feel disposed toaccept the suggestion of the lion, member, as he considered that they should not be intimidated by the probable conduct of the other House ; he woulddo his duty without refeience to theconduet of the Legis- lative Council. [Hear.] Taking one of the items contained in the Bill, viz., that referring to the salary of the Governor, he would remark that in the year 184V, the salary of Major Robe, who was at that time Governor of the colony, was 1,500/. a-year. In 1848, Sir'Uenry Young took office at an annual salary of 2,000/., and in the year 1855 Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell became Governor at the increased stipend of 3,000/., which, under the amended Constitu- tion Act, was raised to 4,000/. a-year. He [Mr. Glyde] was rather surprised that when the Constitution Act was passed relieving the Governor of a large amount of power and responsibility, the Legislature of that day had found it necessary to raise the salary of the representative of Her Majesty. There were, however, reasons at the time when Sir R. G. MacDonnell took office which justified the Government of that day iu incurring the additional expense of an increased stipend, for as a result of the recently-discovered gold-fields the revenue of the colony was extremely good. In the year 1857 the revenue of the colony was 576,008/., against an authorised expenditure of 378,000/. The balance in favor of the revenue was then 480,000/. It was therefore natural that the Legislature of that period should take a favourable view of the prospects of the colony, ani frame their Civil List accordingly, ns their financial position at that time was such as to j ustify them in doing so. But the financial position of the the colony at the present time was very different; instead of a balance to credit of the revi nuc, there was a deficiency of 22,000/. The estimated revenue was 491,000/., and the expenditure 500,000/. In the present position of the colony, he, for one, would not shrink from attempting reductions in the very highest quarters. [IIear," hear.] He did not approve ot docking off small sums like 10/. a year from the salaries of hard-worked and under-paid clerks, -[hear, hear]-and he was convinced that the colony could not afford to pay a salary of 4,000/. a year to the Governor. The duties of the Governor were really very small. He was entirely in the hands of the Ministry, and was not even responsible for the Acts which were passed and which he was only called upon to sanction ; and if bad legislation occurred, he could always shelter himself under the plea that he had acted with the advice of his Ministry for the time being ; so that he had absolutely no responsible duties to exercise, as he only derived his power through the Legislature, who derived theirpower through the people. He had not half the responsibility which the Chief Justice had, whose salary, by the way, he, Mr. Glyde, would be very sorry to reduce. [Hear, hear.] He had been informed, he could not say how correctly, that the President of the United States received a stipend of 25,000 dollars, or about 5,000/. a year, a sum very little more than that paid by tin humble colony of South Australia to their Chief Magistrate. Of course they had more in Victoria, bHt he had no wish to run the race of extravagance with the other colonies. Some persons had said that it was necessary for the Governor of the colony to keep np acertain amount of state and style, but there was no ne3.»s 8ity for keeping up this style. Official hospitality only oc- curred once a-year, and he was not disposed to tax the j whole colony that a few select persons should be entertained. He did not see how the alteration of the Civil List would affect South Austialian securities in England, for though some might like to have lucrative billets to give away, the best statesman would be plca.sed^to see economy practised in the local Government of the colony. He would therefore supoort the sceand readiug of the Bill. Sir. N. BLYTH admired the good taste displayed by the member who had thqs brought the subject before the House, and the manner in which he had dealt with the question, and he agreed with him in thinking thal the presen t was an exti eincly suitable oseasionforproposing the reduction of the Governor's salary. The term of office^ of the present Governor was shortly about to expire, as ho had nearly fiV.she1 the period during whieh Governors of the colqny were required to hold office, namely, six years ; and consequently the reduced rate would have to be taken by his successor, and would therefore entail no injustice upon him. But he would call the atten- tion of members who were opposed to the reduced list, to the great depreciation .in the value of pro- perty in the colony since the schedule was framed; that almost every person had beau obliged to curtail his expenses, and It was therefore reasonable that the officers of the Government should submit to a necessity under which the whole population more or less labored Government returns showed that the population of thecolony was not increasing, and it should be borne in mind that when the present Civil List was framed, there was every prospect of an increase both of population and wealth, while the result of the late census had been extremely disappointing, and only showed a population of 117,000 souls, which, if the natural increase by births were to be deducted, would be found to be actually a decrease on previous yours. Mr. MOORHOUSE, while agreeing with the suggestion ot Mr. Glyde, would suggeat that the House should bring in a Bill for the expresa purpose of dealing with that par- ticular item. He did not wish to imperil the measure before the House. Mr. FINNISS would oppose the Bill, first on technical grounds, as to the correctness of which the Attorney-General could inform him. He was of opinion that the House had no power under the Constitution Act of dealing with the Civil List, a3 proposed by the Bill, for by the Constitution Act no appropriation could be intro- duced unless by message from Hia Excellency. The House had no more power to propose an alteration of the Civil List, without the sanction of His Excellency, than they had to introduce a new item into the Estimates. The lion, mover of the Bill had said that the colony was not as wealthy as it was in 1855, judging by a comparison of the revenues of the two years ; but, looking only at the revenue of those two years, he, Mr. Finniss, drew a different conclu- sion, for the revenue of 1859 reached the sum of 481,249/., out of which the sum of 240,768/. was contributed from the Land Fund. He"thought, it possible, that the actual revenue from the sale of land this year would not be more than 237,000/., which sum did not include the receipts from the railway, while r.he revenue for 1855 was only 228,000/. The present Civil List was baaed on the reve- nue of 1853, which was taken at 228,051/. He thought it was undesirable to mix up the ordinary revenue of the colony together with that-of the land aales, which were, to a certain extent, dependent on accidental circum- stances, such as the discovery of gold-fields in neighbouring colonies, which would have the effect of stimulating the sale of land in the colony. It had been stated that the present population amounted in number to H7,ouo ; but at the time when the present Civil List was prepared, the population of the colony did not number 100,000. An lion, member had cited the President of the United States as an analogous case, but the remuneration of that functionary was secured for a certain number of years, during which he had absolute power. He could, im- mediately on entering office, turn out every employe'e under the Government, and he had besides many opportunities of enriching himself, and instances had occurred in which that power had been exercised for such a purpose. The dimi- nished cost of living had baen advanced as a reason for the reduction of the Civil List, but he, Mr. Finniss, could not concur with hou. members in such an opinion. The price of sheep was not lower than formerly, flour and other neces- saries of life were quite as dear, and he could not discover where the diminished cost of living had occurred. He was of opinion that it would he injuring the credit of the colony if it were to be officially announced that the resources of the colony were falling away. He would oppose the second reading of the Bill, and considered that the previous Legisla- ture had doue wisely in fixing the Civil List in proportion to the cost of living at the highest rate. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL was doubtful if it were competent for the House to adopt the amendment proposed by the lion, member, and he would ask him to withdraw his amendment. It was the duty of the Government to carry the measure which had been introduced, and he believed that they would be able to carry it through the Legislative Council; but if any alterations, such as were proposed, were to be made, the Government might be unable to carry the Bill. Mr. DUFFIELD said that be had been induced to alter his opinion in consequence of what had fallen from the Attorney General aud other members. He thought that a separate Bill might be introduced carrying out the principles of the present Bill, with somejaltcrations. It was undesirable that the credit of the colony should be injured by injudicious re- ductions, although he co; curred in the objects of the amend- ment. He would, however, oppose any ' alteration iii the salary of the Auditor-General, who was well worthy of his pay. He hoped that the lion, member would withdraw his amendment. The TREASURER thought that any alterations such as those proposed by the hon. member for Yatala, Mr. Glyde, if introduced into the Bill, would make it unconstitutional. If the lion, member were going on the question of the Auditor-Gensral's salary, he, the Treasurer, would certainly oppose any reduction in that stipend. [Hear.] He would not detain the House, but content himself with supporting the Bill. Mr. GLYDE remarked that the Treasurer had intimated that the Government were not ready to answer the question as to whether they would support in a new Bill, the princi- ple of his amendment ; but he must press for an answer. Mr. FINNISS remarked that the proposed reduction affected only the salaries of the Ministers aud not that of the Governor. The Ministry were only the advisers of His Excellency, aud the Bill involved a question of great im- portance. In all such Bills it was indispensable that the consent of the Governorshould be obtained. Ho was certain that the House was not competent to deal with the question, as, according to the Constitution Act it would not be lawful to pass any measure effecting an alteration in the Civil List unless the proposed alteration were received by message from His Excellency. (Hear.) When questions were sub- mitted to the House in refe-rence to special appropriation it was not for the Governor to scud down a special message, and the House had not the power to strike off any officer from tile list, unless with the sanction of the Governor. Mr. MILDRED observed that the present was an unusu- ally favorable time for effecting a reduction in the Governor's salary. I he present Governor was about to leave the colony, and would not, therefore, be affected by the reduction, while his successor could not possibly be so, as on his arrival here he could not complain of being reduced. He, Mr. Mildred, thought it was quite right to begiu retrenchment at the top of the tree ; although no one more respected the present Governor, and he thought the question might be safely left in the hands of the present Ministry. Mr. DUFFIELD was of opinion that the salary of the Auditor-General should not be altered. Mr. DUTTON appealed to the Speaker as to whether the amendment of the bon. member for Yatala could be put to the House as a constitutional amendment. The SPEAKER ruled that the amendment was not strictly in accordance with the Constitution Act. .Mr. MORPHKTT would like to know the Chairman's decision as to whether the course taken by the hon.memberfor Y'atala, Mr. Glyde, was a constitutional course; and whether the question was one which the Speaker could submit to the House. The CHAIRMAN ruled that the course takeff by the lion, member for Yatala was unconstitutional, and quoted from the Standing Orders in support of his opinion in that rcsDcct» " "" Mr. MORPHETT again appealed to the Chair", .and would like to know if in the event of the lion, member persisting in urging his amendment the Speaker would put it to the House. Mr. FINNISS protested against the extraordinary course pursued by the lion, member for West Torrens, Mr.Morphett. The Chairman had already given his decision on the point, anil he objected to the attempt made to rush him in that way. Mr. MORPHETT altogether disclaimed any desire to show the slightest disrespect either to the Chairman or his oflica. He entertained the greatest respect both for the Speaker and the office he held. He had simply urged the point to enable him as well as other lion, members to arrive at some sort of conclusion. The CHAI RM AN reminded lion, members that his opinion was subject to that of the House, who could overrub his by their own decision. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL considered it was not a question of order at all. It was only a question as to what course was legal and what was illegal. The question was decided in accordance with the 40th clause of the Constitu- tion Act. [The lion, gentleman here quoted the clause.] No Standing Order of that House could have any effect to ovenide an enactment of the Constitution Act. Mr. MORPHETT hoped the lion, member for Yatala [Mr. Glyde] would not press his motion, so as to put the Com- mittee into antagonism with the Chairman. He entertained a great deal too much respect fur the Speaker and his office to adopt such a course. The TREASURER could not give an answer at all at pre- sent. He considered the question was one in which the other members of the Ministry should be consulted, andas they were not all present, it would not be right for him to give an answer on the spur of the moment. It would bo unfair for the House to press him to give au answer at present Mr. GLYDE, seeing the ruling of the Chairman, would adopt the suggestion of the bon. member for West Torrens [Mr. Morphett], and withdraw the motion, and to-morrow he would give notice that the House consider the question of presenting an address to His Excellency, praying him to introduce a measure to alter the future Governor s salary. The question was then put and carried. Clauses 1 and 2, and the preamble and title, wero then passed as printed. The House resumed ; the Chairman reported progress. Hie report was adopted, and the third reading made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. ABORIGINES' FRIENDS' ASSOCIATION. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS laid on the table a statement as to how the grant of money made to the Aborigines' Friends' Association had been expended. Received and ordered to be printed. MINERAL LEASES. In reply to Mr. TOWNSEND'S question upon this sub- ject, the COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS stated that the telegram relative to the Mineral Leases, dated Malta, the 12th September, 1859 (Monday),-at io a.m., reached the Agent- General at ! 1.45 a. m., on the same day. CHEQUES ON BANKERS BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved the third reading of the Bill relating to cheques and drafts on Bankers. . The Bill was read a third time and pas3ed. TRUCK BILL. On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL the con- sideration of the Truck Bill was made an Order of the Day for the following day. ESTIMATES. The TREASURER moved that the consideration of the Estimates in Committee be made an Order ol' the Day for Tuesday next. Carried. The House then adjourned till the following day at half-post 1 o'clock. 