the headless horseman. in the town of Reggio, in Italy, there for- i_ jived a rich old usurer; who had passed 60 odd year® of his ,ife without ever being oabled ly the vagaries of Cupid, when all at . /Un little God. as if in revenue for the n .tjj 0f time the little old man had defied his offer inspired him a with a violent passion jbr a pretty orphan of good family, but so re duced in circumstances, that she lived by needlework. Believing that gold was all powerful, .he made h>s proposals with very little ceremony ; but Bianca, as virtuous as she was nretty, repulsed him with indignation. He then tried the effect of his dariiog gold upon an aunt, with whom she lived, but with no better success. Aunt and niece were alike inexora ble ; the former became ten times more vigi lant than ever over her young charge, and the latter completely secluded herself, never ap- peering at her window. All this severity did not daunt the usurer, who, judging by his heart supposed it was a feint to enhance the price'of her favors, He accordingly employed . nld woman to plead his cause with her, and she readily undertook, on the promise of a hand'ome sum to render her propitious to his wishes. The old woman soon found, however, that her task was a hopeless one, but not wil ling to lose the promised reward, she contrived to amuse Brandini, from time to time, with hopes which she very well knew to be vain. By these means she extracted from him a little money ; but impatient at the smallness of her gains, she determined to venture upon a bold stroke, in order to make the old usurer draw his pnree strings. . Good news,' cried she one day, coming to him with joy in ber face, ' your pretty Bianca is at last induced to be more kind. Her aunt is gone to visit a sick friend, and will not return to night ; and if she sees you under her window about eleven o'clock, there is no knowing whether she may not be tempted to let you in.1 The delighted usurer made the old woman a handsome present, and did not fail to repair to the appointed spot before the hour agreea upon, xlc wuimu uj, »uu », some time in vain ; so full of the hopes he had conceived, that he did not perceive he was the object of attention to a man wrapped up in a cloak, who watched his motions. This was a yoimg Btudent, who waB also an admirer of Bianca, but without any better success than our usurer. Till now, he had considered his mis tress's virtue as the cause of her disdain, but the sight of Brandini put other notions in his head ; he had, as he believed, a rival, and ho determined to discover who he was, and to seek revenge. During some time, Brandini waited patiently enough ; he then began to cough, hem, and to give sundry tokens of his approach ; then, finding these all disregarded, and it being mid night, he determined to climb up to the bal cony. No sooner did He begin to climb, than the student, regarding it as a confirmation of all his suspicions, snatched up a stone, and flung it with force at Brandini, vihom it hit on his forehead, and he fell back on the pavement and expired. The student, who bad acted from the impulse nf the ' moment, was eauallv irrieved and alarmed at the consequence of the imprudence. He fled from the spot, but before he had gone far, he began to reflect on the risk he ran if the body should be found before the door of a wo man of whom he was known to be enamored. He thought that the best plan he could follow to secure himself from suspicion would be to remove the corpse to some distance. Accor dingly he returned, lifted the body on hiB shoulder — after first wiping the blood from the forehead — carried it some distance, and placing it upright against the first door he came to, he hastened away. But he strove in vain to qniet the tumult of his mind ; and apprehending that his guilt - would be discovered, he quitted the town. It so chanced that the house against which the student had placed the corpse belonged to an old captain, one of the most captious and quarrelsome inhabitants of the city. He was in the habit of Bitting up late, and happening to go to the window just before be retired to bed, he saw by the light of the moon, which was then just risen, a man leaning against the door. 'What are you doing there ?' cried he, in an authoritative tone. The other, of course, made no answer. The captain repeated hiB question ; and incensed at receiviog no reply he swore a round oath that if the intruder did not instantly quit his door he would give him a good drubbing. Finding bis threat ineffectual, he hastily de scended to put it into execution. No sooner had be opened the door than the eorpse lost its balance and fell upon him. Conceiving himself about to be attacked, the sturdy old veteran seized the supposed assassiu by the throat, threw him down, and began to belabor bim with all his might. At last, seeing that the other lay still, and -neither struggled nor spoke, he became alarmed, and tried to r&iae; the man, but he soon perceived that be was dead. His affright and horror were increased on finding that it was the usurer to whom he owed a large sum of money. For some mo ments he gave himself for lost ; but the possi bility of concealing the crime presently occurred to him. He took the unfortunate usurer upon his shoulders, crossed two or three streets, and placed him against a column, under the gate way of a magnificent mansion belonging to a young nobleman. He then made off as fast as he could, and returned, hoping tbat he had secured himself from discovery. He tried to comfort himself for what had happened, by re flecting that it was the man's own fault, and that the crime of murder could not with justice be imputed to him, since ho had no intention of committing it ; but all endeavors could not stifle his terror. Soon after the captain had placed the usurer against the column, the nobleman returned heme, and seeing Brandini standing between him and his door, ordered him to get oat of his way. The other not replying, and continu ing motionless, the nobleman seized him by the collar, gave him a violent shake, and suddenly losing his hold, the unfortunate usurer fell, of course to the ground, The nobleman perceiv ing that he did not move, concluded that he was drunk. He first tried to aBsiBt him to rise. In Btooping for that purpose he perceived that Brandini was dead, and naturally concluded that it was either the shake or the fall that hod ki'led him. On examining the corpse, he found with grief and surprise, that it was that of the usurer, with whom he was publicly known to ke at enmity in consequence of some judicial proceedings that Brandini had instituted against him for the recovery of a debt. Believing, therefore that bis own safety might be com promised if the body was found before his door, he raised it on bie shoulder, and carrying it into- the street where the captain lived, he placed it in a leaning attitudo against his very door. Not long afterwards, the veteran, unable to rest, came again to the window. What was his horror and astonishment when he perceived the usurer close to the door! At first he thought it was the ghost of the murdered man, but in a few minutes the truth flashed on him. and he determined to take a desperate method of ridding himself of this evidence of his crime. He went down stair, brought the corpse into his house, dressed it completely in an.Algerine habit that he had taken in the field of battle when these barbarians made a descent upon Reggio some years before, clapped a turban upon its head, placed it upon a horse, to which he took care to tie it with a strong rope, and lending it by the bridle to the gate of the city, he abandoned the steed to its fate ; trust ing by these means to extricate himself from the dilemma. The animal, left, thus to his own guidance, followed the high road for a considerable time; at last it stopped to graze, and at that mo ment the student, who unfortunately for him self, was travelling in the same direction, came up. No sooner did he distinguish the dress of the horseman, than he took to flight without daring to look behind him ; believing, probably that the Moors had just made a new descent, and that he was about to be surrounded by them. But in flying, the poor student reckoned without his host, for he too happened to be mounted, and the quicker he went the faster his pursuer galloped after him ; in vain did he put spurs to his horse ; with all his efforts, he could keep but little ahead of his adver sary. After proceeding in tbiB way about three miles, the runaway began to take heart, when he saw that his pursuer was not joined by any others of a terrible nation. He found that, in few moments, the Alge<ine would certainly overtake him, and he might daunt him by assuming a show of bravery. Accordingly he faced round with a determined air and called to his redoubtable adversary to take another way, or take the conseqnence. Instead of stopping, the Algerine galloped up to the student, who waited for him sword in hand, severed at one blow his head from his body ; the head, in falling, dropped from the turban, and discovered to the astonished stu dent the features of his victim. Horror struck at this terrible Bight, he turned his horse and gallopped like a madman ; but finding himself still pursued by the headless horsemau he directly conceived that he was the prey of some evil spirit ; terror then gave him strength ; he flew rather than gallopped, till he reached a small town, where he was stopped as well as his formidable pursuer. He was im mediately taken before the justice of the peace, to whom he made a voluntary confession of his guilt ; but the affair appeared so singular that it waB referred to the Duke of Reggio, who, setting on foot a strict inquiry, soon discovered all . the circumstances of the affair and as it was apparent that neither the student or the other persons concerned in it had been inten tionally guilty of murder, they were all par doned. Soles and Eels. — The frying pans of London are mainly supplied with soles all the year round oy the trolling boats of Barking, of which there are upwnrda of 150 belonging to different companies. They fish the North Sea off the coasts of Yorkshire and Holland, par ticularly the Silver add Brown Banks. Of old, the smacks used to carry their own catch to Billingsgate, but the loss of time was bo great, that latterly fast sailing cutters have been employed to attend upon. the fishing- smacks and bring their produce to market packed in ice. Of this Bplendid craft, which can sail almost in the eye of the wind, there are 40; and the -total nnmber of seamen em ployed is not less than 2000, the greater part of whom have been taken as boys from the workhouse, and trained by this capital sorvice into first rate seamen. It is curious to follow the small proceedings of the world into their ultimate results. The gastronome, Bmiling complacently as he withdraws the cover and reveaU a well browned pair of Boles, would never guess that they and their kind are the immediate cause ot a happy transmutation of parish burthens into the right of our strength. Eels are constantly imported to arm Billinsgate by the Dutch boats. The galliots never moor close alongside the wharf, as the wells in which thev brine- their fish alive cause them to draw too much water, but they anchor midway in the stream by twos and threes — their brown sides, fiat bows, with high cheek bones, like their navigators, and bright verd green rudders adding to the picturesque appearance of the river. The fat creatures brought by them mainly supply the eel pie houses, and contribute largely, we are informed, to that oleaginous mistake for veritable oxtail and calves' head. — Curiosities of Civilisation. There is a talk about an experiment to come off at Greenwich with diving boats, which will enable the occupant to go to the bottom for a couple of days and navigate about in all direc tions, coming up all right again. This is no novelty though after all, as a Frenchman forty years since exhibited Buch a machine, and' it is no novelty for any Londoner to be under wa ter, for, thanks to St Swithin, we have accom plished forty days of it. True, to the legend, on the forty first day we had Bplendid wea ther. At the Exeter Insolvent Court, on Wednes day, Mr Daw, the registrar, stated that in the case of aninsolvent named Tanner, who passed the court some time since, the insolvent had since then received three separate sums of £10 from the Roval Agricultural Society for essays, the whole of which amount he had since handed over for the benefit of his creditors. Such honorable conduct he thought should be brought before the court. His Honor said it was highly creditable to the insolvent, and no doubt his creditors will also have the same opinion. A correspondent of the ' Volunteer Service Gazetteer' says : — A new printer's composing machine has just been exhibited to a n few pri vate friends. The machine is totally different from all composing machines hitherto at tempted. The idea is wondrous for its novelty Whether it will ever result in a practical fact remains to bo seen. The inventor anticipates that printing might be achieved at the usual rate, toithout expense of type, and without the trouble of the disrtibution of the letters into their boxes. Finally, the type founders' trade will become a thing of the papt if this annihi lating machine ever reaches the dignity of being worked in the office of the Times news- paper. The grand essentials to happiness in this life are said by a very good man to be — something to do, something to loye, and to have something to hojpo for. 