THE FOUR GEORGES. SKETCHES OF MANNERS, MORALS, COURT, AND TOWN LIFE (From the Cornhill Magazine.) ' GEORGE THE SECOND. ON the afternoon of the 14th of Jane, 1737, two horsemen might have been perceived galloping along the road from Chelsea to Blchmond. The foremost, oaaed ia the jack J^t4J4f3iB^r»ri9¿_T/M a^broodfooett,.Jolly-loolring:, and "very corpulent cavalier: bat, hythe manner in-wbiohhe urged his horse, von might see that he was a bold as well aa a skilful rider.. Indeed, no man loved sport better j and ia lné~Hüñllñg-fiéluTbf "Norfolk, no squire rode" more boldly after the fox, or cheered Ringwood and Sweetlips more tastily, than he who now thundered over the Richmond, rood. ' , ? ' - ' ' He ' speedily' renohéd IUchmond Lodge, and asked te tee- the owner, of the mansion. The mistress of the house and ber ladies, to whom our. friend was admitted, Baitl he could not.be introduced to the master, however nremog the busi- ness might bo. The master was aaleep after his dinner ; he always slept after his dinner : and woo be to the person who interrupted him !' Nevertheless, our stout friend of tho jackboots put the affrighted ladies aside, opened'tbe for- bidden door of the bedroom, wherein upon the bed lay a little gentlemen ; and here the eager messenger knelt dora in his jackboots. . . , ; , .Hoon the bed started up, and with many oaths,' anda I strong German accent, asked who was there, and who dared «» /liat.nrli him T . . , . . " I am Sir Robert Walpole," said the messenger. The awakened sleeper hated Sir Robert Walpole. "I have the honour to announce,to your Majesty that your royal father, King George I., died at Osnaburg, on Saturday last, tho 10th instant. " Dat is one big lie !" roared out his sacred Majesty King George II., but Sir Robert Walpole stated the fact, and from that day until three and thirty years after, George, the second of tho name, ruled over England. How tho king made away with his father's will under the astonished nose of the Archbishop of Canterbury ; how he was a choleric little sovereign ; how he shook his fist in tho face of his father's courtiers ! how he kicked his coat and wig about in his rage, and called everybody thief, liar, rascal, with whom he differed: you will read in all the his- tory books ; and how he speedily and shrewdly reconciled himself with the bold minister, whom he had hated during his father's life, and by whom he was served during fifteen years of his own with admirable prudence, fidelity, and suc- cess. But for Sir Robert Walpole, we should have had the Pretender back again. But for his obstinate love of peace we should have had wars, which tho nation was not strong enough nor united enough to endure. But for his resolute counsels and good-humoured resistance we might have, had German despots attempting a Hanoverian regi men over us : we should have had revolt, commotion, want, and tyrannous misrule, in place of a quarter of a century of peace, freedom, and material prosperity, such as the coun- try never enjoyed, until that corrupter of parliaments, that dissolute tipsy cynic, that courageous lover of peace and liberty, that great citizen, patriot, and stateman governed it. In religion he was little better than a heathen ; cracked ribald jokes at bigwigs and bishops, and laughed at High Church and Low. In private life tho old pagan revelled in the lowest pleasures : he passed his Sundays tippling at Richmond ; and his holidays bawling after dogs, or boozing at' Houghton with boors over beef and punch. He cared for letters no more than his master did : he judged human nature so meanly that one is ashamed to have to own that he was right, and that men could be corrupted by means so base. But, with his hireling House of Commons, he de- fended liberty for us; with his incredulity he kept Church craft down. There were parsons at Oxford as double-dealing and dangerous as any priests out of Rome, and he routed them both. He gave Englishmen no conquests, but he gave them peace, and ease, and freedom ; the three per cents, nearly at par ; and wheat at five and six and twenty shillings a quarter. It was lucky for us that our first Georges were not more high-minded men ; especially fortunate that they loved Hanover so much as to leave England to have her own way. Our chief trobles began when we got a king who gloried in tho name ' of Briton, and, being born in the country, pro posed to rule it. Be was no more fit to govern England than his grandfather,and great-grandfather, who did not try. It was righting itself during their occupation. The dangerous, noble old spirit of cavalier loyalty was dying out ; tho stately old English High Church - was emptying itself : tho questions dropping, which, on one side and the other;—the side was loyalty, prerogative, church, and king,—tho sight of right, truth, civil and religious free- dom,— had set generations of brave men in arms. . By the time when George III. came to the throne/tho, combat be- tween loyalty and liberty was come to an end ; and Charles Edward, old, tipsy, and childless, was dying in Italy. Those who are curious about European Court history of tho last age know tho memoirs of tho Margravine of Bay reuth, and what a Court was that of Berlin, where George II.'s cousins ruled sovereign. Frederick tho Great's father knocked down his sons, daughters, officers of state ; he kid- napped big men all Europe over to make grenadiers of his feasts, his parades, his wine parties, his tobacco parties, are all described. Jonathan Wild tho Great in language, plea- sures, and behaviour, is scarcely more delicate than this German sovereign. Louis. XV.", his life, and reign, and doings, are told in a thousand French memoirs. Our George II, at least, was not a worse king than his neighbours. He claimed and took the royal exemption from doing right which sovereigns assumed.' A dull little man of low tastes he appears to us in England ; yet Hervey tells us that this choleric prince was a great sentimentalist, and that his let ter—of which he wrote prodigious quantities-were quite dangerous in their powers of fascination. He .kept his sen- timentalities for his Germans and his queen. With us English, he never chose to be familiar. He has been accused of avarice, yet he did not give much money,-and did not leave much behind him. He did not love tho fine arts, but he did not pretend to love them. He was no more a hypo- crite about religion than his father.' He Judged men by a low standard ; yet,,with such men as were near him, was he wrong in judging as he did ? He readily detected lying and flattery, and liars and flatterers were perforce his com- panions. Had he been more of a dupe, he might have been more amiable. A dismal experience made him cynical. No boon was it to him to be clear-sighted, and see only selfish .ness nad flattery round, about him. What could Walpolo tell him about his Lords and' Commons, but that they were all venal ? Did not his clergy, his courtiers, bring him the same story'?' Dealing with men and women in his rude, sceptical way, he comes to doubt about honour , male and female, about patriotism, about religion. "He is wild, but he fights like a man," George I,, tho taciturn, said of his son and successor. Courage George II. certainly had. The Electoral Prince, at the head of his father's contingent, had approved himself a good and brave solder under Eugene and Marlborough. At Outlennrdu ho specially dlsipigunhed himself. At Milplaquet tho other claimant to the English throne won but little honour. There was always a question nbuiit James's courage. Neither then in Flanders, «or after- wards in,his own ancient kingdom of Scotland, did t/ieltick lois' i'ro en 'er shew much resolution. Hut dapper little Geoiga lind u'famous tough spirit of Ills','owb, and fought like a Trojan, He called out his brother of Prussia, with sword and pistol ¡ and I wish, for tho interest of romancers in general, that that famous duel could have taken place. Tho-two sovereigns hated each other with all their might! their seconds were 'appointed ; the place of meeting wa .settled and tho duel was', only prevented by strong roprosoiifntiuns ' mnilo f to tho 'two, ol' tho European laughter" willoh would hnvo ' boon caused by such n tran .action. ' > I ' '/ ' ' j .1 i 'Whenever we hear of dapper George at war,_ it Is certain that he demeaned himself like a little man of valour. A» Dettingen his horse ran litiuy.witli him,' . arid Hvitlt.'diuioully was .topped from carrying him into tho enemy'* lines. Tho hing, dismounting irtiiii the lldry qtiudriiped, saul brarclv: "Noiv;Iknów tahalí nbt run'awily ¡'I unrt vlarodi.himself ot tho hoad ol' tho i'uot, dçewf his sword; .brandishing " 1,111,0 wholo of thu'Frcnoh army, and. milling (uifelto lil«.own mea to como on, in had English, but with the moit lamons niue* and spirit.' Ih.M5, wh6n'the Pretender wu» nt Derby, arni many 'people b 'gati to vlook pale, the king» never lort lit» courngo-not ho. " 1'oolr.l.don't tftlk .toimo jliat stii«! "e »aid, Ilka a'gallant liltlo prince ns ho was; and never for on» momont allowed his equanimity^or" his büíii.Ms, ur lil« pica aurea; ár.hls.tfaví l'Vtdi líérdiithrlicd.'J On public festival« to alivnys apt tea red in tho hat and coat; hoXoro cn tho i""10"; ddyQf'Oudcírl'urdéíáhdtho peowlu longhcd, but kindly, «t tho odd old garment, -foi i braverv never /'gees out ot fashloii." j I1T4 mnrriedTririmîoss"'T^ fdr be^úfyV ih^ for í^mnJ^^lÜmílwf^múi'itihi truest nm Jona»» Min's 'a Vor^tur/iñlW hlessml jyitliI.niid"who lotwlhln1 ».n' wau fulthftl tö'biin"nnd Ire, lu his coarse .fwH^ » . "r to tho lust.; ymust.WtoU.totlio h9nQñr\offS»iollM« creed, although ari Arôuunki%^ifiçrwwdBXlaiWV .^ui >yus offered t«/herí,for.tt¡brldcgroom.;;),Hcr FrolW ant rei» tloiu In Uurllii were angry ut her" rohullious spirit I » .they who tiSod. M ceoVWfftor,(H m droll to.thinkvthat J ««. rlok*tlio,Ornat,, who,had no rpJL'ion «t¡»Hí ,\fa».known w » lon« time In England.«*Ihe,ilrrotc8tant;¿ h?roi gnu uood'lYuleitants set upon .Oarylliio n..fartatii.]t^lhw "J^,"' a vory skilful Jesuit, undjanioiu, .winner,of ,aoul». BM SM touted .th« Jesuit Î -aud.sjiorefiiaed Charles,,^, i ana married the .little Electoral IMnuo of.! llanover, tonded with lovc,;»nü"Wltli> every manne«! of. on artful kindneu, with tonder Bakery, with entlre,»eir-««»0,luu thenceforward until her Mle's.end,,, ,H,WA.II When George I, made hil firit riilt 'to Hanover, hil son was appointed regent dnrinç.'tha «val »bsenoe.. But this. honohrwaa never again conferred on1 the Prince of Wales j Ks and Ins father feliout presently. On thè occasion of the «riri«úsñiríir of hiB second son, a royal row took place; and the TSS' aliakinghis 8st in the1 finke of Newcastle's face, «ailed him'a'rogue; and provoked his august father. He .n.l hi«'wife wereturhed onfof St. Jumes', and their prinoelv ?with; their love, to papa^ and mamma j the parents watered the friiit'' witb' tears. They had no tëara thirty-five years afterwards,1-when Trince Frederick died--.their eldest son,' their heir,, their enemy. /.,.., .. Trie/kirie eolléd his danp;hter.in-law " cttte diabteisf ma <]am ¡a p'inrcsae." The frequenters of thu Matter's oourt ?were forbidden to appearattheking's: thelrroys.l'highiiesaea, going to TSatK. we read how tho courtiers 'followed them thither, and paid that homage in Somersetshire which wai forbidden in London. ' That phrase of "ce'.te diable»»» ma- dame laprinccsie'' oiplains one cause of the wrath of her royal papa'. 'Sho was u very'clever woman : she had n keen sense of 'Knmour : she had a dreadful torgue; aha turned into ridicule the antiquated sultan' nnd his liido-us harem, filio wrote savage .etters ahont him home to members' of her family. So, driven out from the royal presence,. the prince and" princess set up for themselves in-Leicester Fields, * whore,"''anva Walpole, "the,most promising of the yhun'g ' gentlemen bf the next party, and the prettiest'and liveliest of tho'vourig Indies, formed the new court." * Besides Lei .oostor House, thev had their lodge at ltlohmdnd, frequented by some of Tthe pleasantest company of those day«. There weré tho" Hervey's; and Chesterfield, «ind'little Mr. Pope, Jrora Twickenham; and with" him',1 sometimes, the savage Dean of St. Patrick'*, and quito a bevy of young ladies, whoso .pretty'foccs smile on us out óf' historyi' There was Lone]], famous in ballad BOngV orid theJiaucy,'charming Mary Bol lendonl'-who would hove none of!the Prince of Walesa fine . eoiiibiiniehts,'' who folded flier'arma across her breast, and bade'Hilt H. keep'off; and knocked his purse of guineas into liis i'iico, and told him sho was tired of seeing him count them. "Ho ' \vas ? n'of'a'n'' august monarch, this Au cu» tu«. Walpole tulls! bow, ono "night 'at'the royal card table, the playful princesses pulled a chair away from under Lady Po loraine,'who.^n'rèvéhge,' pulled the king's' from' under him, that his'Majesty foll on tho earpet. Iii whatevor posture , one see's this royal George, he is ludicrous Bomelibw ¡ even at Dettingen! where he fought so bravely, his figure is absurds-calling ont in his'brokon English, and lunging with his Ta'pler,1 like a'ferioing-maBter.' r rofrâin to qu'oie from Walpole regarding George-for tboäo'oliarming Tolumei are in the hands of all who love tho' gossip of. the last' century. Nothing can he more olieoring than Horace's letters.1 Fiddles sing all through them : wnx lights, fine dresses] fine Jokes,'fine plate, fine equipages, ? i'ffS''fc smMtinfe' Vanity' Fair' os that : through which he leads usV Hervey, the next great authority, is a darker spirit. About him there is something frightful : a few. .years since his heirs'opened the lid of the ToUworth box; it WILS ns If a Pompeii wa» opened to' na-the last oentury dug np,'with its temjfiles and'its games, it» chariots, its puhlio places- lupanana. ' Wandering through ..that city of the .dead, that dreadfully selfish time, through tho» godless intrigues arid feasts, through'those orowdi,'pushing, and «ager, and struggling-rouged.' and lying, (snd fawning-I have wanted some one to bo friends with. ' I have said to -friends' conversant with.that history, ." Show, me lome good person' about that Court ¡. find me, among those selfish .courtiers, those' dissolute, gay people, tonie one being, that I cari love and regard. ' There is that abutting littlo sultan, George ll. ;' thore is that hunchbacked¡ beetle-browed Lord Chesterfield j there is John Harvey, with his deadly smile, «nd ghastly, painted face-I hate' them. "There,ii Hoadlr, cringing'from ono bishopric to another i yonder comes little Mr. Po|K>', from Twickenham, with his friend, the Irish dean, in hi« now cassock, bowing too, but with rage flashing^ from under his builiy eyebrows, and »com and hato quivering in his smile. Can..voil be fond^of these ? '. Of Pope I might . at least I might love his genius,'his wit, bi» greatness, his sensibility-with a certain conviction'that at some fancied slight, some sneer, which he imagined, he would turn upon mo and »tab me. Can you trust the qúeon ? She ia not of our order: their very position makes kings and queens lonely..One. iuscrutable . attachment that . insorutablo, woman, bas. -To that.she is faithful, through all-trial, neglect/pain, and time.' Save her husband, »he real ly'cures' ' for no created being. " She ii good enough to her children, «nd oven fond enough of them t hut oho would chop them all up into little pieces so pleaie him. Tn her intercourse -with all around her, »he wa» ' perfectly kind, gracious, and -natural: hut Monds may die, daughters may depart, she -will be as perfectly kind and grooioua to the next Bet. If the king wants her, abo will smile upon bim, be she ever so sad ; and walk with him, be she ever BO weary ; nnd laugh at his brutal jokes, be she in ever so much pain of body or heart. Caroline's devotion to her husband is a prodigy to rend of. What charm bad the little mani What wai there in those wonderful letters of thirty paces long, whioh bo wrote to her when he was absent, and to bia mislressos at Hanover, when he wa» iu London with hi» wife ? Why did Caroline, the most lovely and accomplished princess of Germany, toko o little red-faced »taring princeling for a busband, and refuse an emperor? Why, to her last hour, never did abo love him so? Sh» killed herself because she loved him BO. She had the gout, and would plunge her feet in cold water in order to walk with him. With the film of death over her eyes, writhing in intolerable pain, abe yet had a livid smile and a gentío word for her master. You have road the wonderful - history of that death-bed? How she ' - bndo him marry again, and the reply the old king blubbered out, "Non,- non : faurai des mattresses." There never was, auch a ghostly farce. I watch the astonishing scone-I stand hy that awful bedside, wondering at the ways in which God hoB ordained tbe lives, loves, rewards, successos, passions, actions, ends of his creatures-mid oan't but laugh in the presence of death, and with the saddest heart. In that often-quoted passage from Lord Herevy, in. which the Queen's death-bed ia described, the grotesque horror of the. etniU surpasses all satire ; tho dreadful humour. of the scene is more terrible than Swift's blackest pages, or Field- ing's florcoat irony. The man who wrote the story had something diabolical about him ; the terrible versos whioh Fopo wrote respecting Hervey, in ono of his own moods of almost fiendish malignity, I fear aro true. I am frightened as I look book into the past, and fanoy I beheld that ghastly, beautiful face ; BS I think of tho queen writhing on tior death-bed, and crying out, " Pray !-pray !"-of tho royal old sinner by her side, who kissos her dead lips with frantic grief, and leaves her ta sin moro; of tho hovyef courtly clergymen, and the archbishop, .whoso prayers she rojeots, and who aro obliged for propriety's sake to shuffle off the anxious inquiries of the public, and vow that her Majesty quitted this life '' in a heavenly frame of mind. ' What a life !-to what endi devoted ! What a vanity of vanities ! lt is a theme for another pulpit than tho lec- turer's. From a pulpit?-I think the port which pulpits? play in tho deaths ot kings is tho most ghastly of all the ceremonial ; tho lying eulogies, tho blinking of disigreeable truths, tho sickening flatteries, the simulated grief, tho falsehoods of sycophancies-all uttorod in the namo of Heaven in our State Cburohes ; theso monstrous threnodies have boen sung from time immemorial ovor kings and quoens, good, bad, wicked, licentious. Tho State parson must bring ont his commonplaces ; his apparatus of rheto- rical black- hangings. Dead king or live king, tho clergy- man must flatter him-announcohis pioty whilst living, and whan dead, perform Ibo obsequies of " cur meut religious and gracious king." 1 road that lady Yarmouth (roy most religious nod gracious Vins") favourite) sold a bisboprio to a clergyman for £5000. (hbo betted him £8000 that ho would not be rindo a bishop, and ho lost, and paid her.) Was ho the only prelate of his time led up by such hands for consecra- tion ? Asl poon into George n.'s SU James's 1 soe crowds of cossacks rustling on'the book-stairs of the ladies of tho Court ; stealthy' clergy slipping purses into their laps ; that godless old king yawning under bis canopy innis Chapel Boya), as the chaplain before him is discoursing. Discoursing about what? about righteousness and Judgment? Whilst tho chaplain ia preaching the king is chattering in Golman almost aa loud as tho proochor ; BO loud that the clergyman-it may be one Dr. Young, ho who wrote Night Thought*, and discoursed on tho splendours of the stars, tho glories of heaven, and utter vanitioa of this world-actually burst out crying in his pulpit because tho dofendor of tho faith and dispenser of bishoprics would not liston to him ! No wonder that tho clergy woro corrupt and indifferent amidst thia indifference and corruption. No wonder that sceptics multiplied and morals dogonoratod, so far as thor depended on the influence of such a king. No wonder that Whitfield cried out in the wilderness, that Wesloy quitted tho Insultod templo to pray on tho hill-sldo. I look with reverence on thoso mon at that timo. Which is tho snblimor spoctaclo-tho good John Wesley, surrounded hy his congre- gation of miners at tho pit's mouth, or tho quoon's chap- lains mumbling through their morning office in thoir ante- room, under tho picture of tho great Vonus, with tho door opened into the adjoining chamber, whero tho queen is drosalug, talking scandal to Lord Horvoy, or uttorlng sneers at Lady Suffolk, who ia kncollng with tho basin nt hor mlitrou'i side. I say I am scared aa I look round at this .ocioty-at this king, ni these courtiers, at those politicians, at those bishops-ai this flaunting vico and lo vi ty.. Where- abouts In this Court ia tho honest mau T Whore is tho pure person ono may like ? Tho air itiflos one with its elokly perfumes. There aro lomo old-world follies and «orno absurd ceremonials about our Court of tho prciout day, which I laugh at. but ai an Englishman, contrasting it with tho past, shall I not acknowledge the ohange of to-day ? Ai tba mlitreu of St. Jamea'i puses me now I lalute tlio soverelgu, wise, moderato, oiomplary of lifo j toe good mother t the good wlfa¡ the accomplished ladyi the en lightened1 friend1 of art) tue tender aympathlwr in her peoplft'» glorio» »nd lorrowi." . ?? :,, ?,;> , I fanoy it «a» »merrier England, that ofour anoe«tor»,.tban the »»land willoh we inhabit. , People high and low amused themselves very mush more. ' 1 have calculated the manner in whioh statesmen and person» of condition patted their time^-and what with drinking, and dining, land aupping, and cards, wonder how they got through , their business at alli They played all sorta of games, which, with the excep- tion of, cricket and tennis, have quite gone out of our manners now. ° In the old prints of St James's Park, you still see the marks along'the walk, to note the balls when the Court played 'at Mall.. . Fancy Birdcage Walk now so laid out, and Lord John and Lord, Palmerston, knocking balls up and down tho avenue. Most of those Jolly sports belong to the past, and the'good old games of- England are only to be found in old novels, in old ballads, or the columns of dingy old newspapers, which say how a main of cocks is to be fought at Winchester between tho. Winchester men anil the Hampton men ; or how.the,Cornwall men and the Devon men ore going to 'hold ' à 'great wrestling-match at Totnes, and so on. . A hundred and twonty years ago there were not only .country towns in England, but people who inhabited them. We were very muoh more gregarious ¡ we were amused by' vory simple pleasures. Every town " had its'fair, every village its wake.' The old poets have sung a hundred Jolly ditties about great cudgel-playings, famous grinning through horse-collars, great maypole meetings, and morris-dances. Tho girls used to run races clad in very light attire ¡ and the kind gentry and .good parsons' thought no shame in looking on. -Dancing bears went about the country' with* 'pipe and tabor. ' Certain well-known tunes were sung all over the land for hundreds of years, and high and low re- joiced in that simple music. Gentlemen who wished to entertain their female friends constantly sent for a band. When Beau Fielding, a mighty fine gentleman, was courting' the lady whom he married,'he treated her and her com- panion at his lodgings to a supper from the tavern; and after supper they sent out for a fiddler—three of them. Fancy the three, in a great .wainscoted, room,. in Covent Gorden or Soho, lighted by two or 'three .candles In silver sconces, some grapes and a bottle of Florence wine on the table, and the honest fiddler playing old tunes, in quaint old minor keys, as tho Beau take out one lady after the other. and solemnly dances with her. The very great' 'folks, young noblemen, ' with their ' governors, and the'like, went abroad and made tho' grand tour ; the home satirists jeered at tho Frenchified and Italian ways which they brought, back ; but tho greator number of people never left the country. The jolly squire often had never been twenty miles from home. , Those who' did go went tb the baths, to Harrogate, or Scarborough, or Bath, or Epsom. Old letters are full of these places of pleasure. Gay writes to us about tho fiddlers at Tunbridge ; of .the ladies having. merry, little private balls .amongst themselves, and the gentlemen entertaining them by turns with tea and music One of the young beauties whom he met did not care - for tea. " We have a young lady here," he says, "that is very perculiar in her desires. I have known some young ladies, who, if ever they prayed, would ask for some equipage or title, a husband or matadores ; but this lady,' who is hut seventeen, and has £30,000 to her fortune, places all her wishes on a pot of good ale. - When her friends,¡for the sake of her shape and complexion, would' dissuade her from it, she answers, with tho truest sincerity, that by the loss of shape and complexion she could only lose a husband, whereas ale is her passion." Every country town had its assembly-room--mouldy old tenements, whioh wo may still see in deserted inn-yards, in decayed provincial, cities; ont of. wbioh ' the great wen of Ijonil'.n has auoked al) the. life. York, at assize times, and throughout the winter, harboured a large society of northern gentry.-'- ' Shrewsbury was celebrated for its festivities. ' ' At Newmarket I read of "a vast deal of good company, besides rogues and blacklegs ;" at Norwich,' of two assemblies', with a prodigious crowd, in tho hall, tho rooms, and tho gallery. In Cheshire (it is a maid of honour of Queen Caroline, who writes,' and who is longing to bo back at Hampton Court, and the fun'there) . I peep into a country'house, ? and see' a very. merry> party: "We meet in the work-room' before nine, eat and break a joke or two till twelve, then we repair to our own chambers and make ourselves ready, for it cannot be called dressing. At' noon the great bell fetches us into' a parlour, adorned with- all sorts of fire arms, poisoned darts, several pair of old boots ' and shoes worn by men of might, with the stirrups, of, King Charles I,, taken from him at Edgehill," and there they have their dinner, after which comes dancing and supper. As for' Bath, all history went and bathed and drank there. George H. and his queen,' Prince Frederiok and his Court, scarce a character one can mention of the early last century but was seen in thal famous Pump-room where Beau Noah presided, and his picture hung between the butta of Newton and Pope. " ïlits plotura, placod th MO bust! tntw'een, Gives utlre all lu strength : Wisdom nnd «it ara little «MU, But Folly at full length." I should like tb have seen the Folly. - It waa a splendid' embroidered, bonifUoil, snufl'-boied, red-hoeled, impertinent Folly, and knew bow to mako itself respected. I should like to havo Been that noble old madcap Peterborough in his boots (he actually hod tho audacity to walk about Bath in boots !), with his blue ribbon and stars, and a cabbage under each arm, and a chicken in his hand, whioh'he had boen cheapening for his dinner. Chesterfield came there many a timo and gambled for hundreds, and grinned through his gout'." Mary "Wortley.waa there, young and beautiful ; and Mary Wortley, old, hideous, and snuffy. Miss Chudleigh caroo there,- slipping away from ono husband, and on tho look-out for another. . Walpole passed many a day there ; sickly, supercilious, absurdly dandified, and affected; with a brilliant wit, a delightful sensibility ; nnd, for his friends, à most tondef, generous, and faithful heart.' And if you and I had been alive then, and strolling down Milsom-strcot \- hush! we should havo taken our hats off as an awful, long, lean, gaunt figure,' swathed in flunnels, passed by in its chair, ¿nd a livid faco looked out from the window great fioroo eyos staring from under a bushy, powdered wig, a terrible frown,' a terrible Roman nose-and we whisper to ono another, " There he i» ¡ There's the great commonor ! There is Mr. Pitt I1' As we walk away tho abbey bolls aro set n-ringing ; and wo meet our testy friend Toby Smollett, on the arm of James Quin'the actor, who tells us that tho holli ring for Mr. Bullock, uti eminent cowkeeper from Tottenham, who had just arrived to drink tho waters ; and Toby shakos his cano at tho door of Colonel Ringworm-tho Creólo gentleman's lodgings next his own-whora the colonel's two negroes aro practising on tho French horn. When wo try to recall Bocial "England wo mutt fauoy it playing at carda for many hours ovory day. Tho diatom is weft nigh gone out among us now, but fifty years ugo wa« genera!, fifty yoars before that almost universal, iii tho country. "Gaming has becomo so much tho fashion," writes Seymour, tho author of tho Court Gamester, " that be, who in company should be ignorant of the games In vogue, would bo reckoned low-bred, and hardly fit for con- versation.'1 Thens woro cords everywhere, lt was consi- dered ill-bred to read in company. " Dooks were not fit artloles for drawing-rooms," old ladies used to Bay. Fcpplo were Jealous, aaitivoro; and angry with thom. You will find in Hervey that George II. wasalwajs furious nt the sight of hooks j and his queen, who loved rodding, had to practico it in secret in her closet. But cards wore tho resource of all the world. Every night, tor hours, kings and queens of England sat down, and handled their majesties of spades and diamonds. In European Courts ' I boliovo tho practico still remains, not for gambling, but for pastime. Our ancestors generally adopted lt. " Books I prithee dou't talk to me about books," skid old Sarah Marlborough. " Tho only books I know aro men and ? cards." " Dear old Sir Hoger do Coverloy sent all his tenants' a ' Btrlng of bogs' puddings and a pack of cards at Christmas," Bays the Spectator, wishing to depict a kind landlord. Ono of tho good' old lady Armer*, in whose lotters I have been dipping, cries out, "Sure, cards havo kept ns women from a great deal of scandal I" Wiso old Johnson regretted that he had not learnt to play. " It ls very usoful in life," ho says ¡ " lt gonorates. kindness, nnda con- solidates aooioty.". David Hume never wont to bed without his whist. We have Walpole, in one of his lotters. in a transport of gratitude for tho cards. " I shall build nu altar to ram," says ho, in his ploasant, dandified way, " for tho escapo of my charming Duohess of Grafton." The duchess had been playing cards at Borne, wheu she ought to have hoon at a cardinal's concert, whero tho floor foll in, and all tho monsignors wore precipitated into tho cellar. Even tho Nonconformist dorey looked not unkindly on tho Eraclice. " I do not tbink," says ono of thom, " thal onoat Marlin Luther committed sin by playing at black gammon for an hour or two after dinner, in ordor by un- bending hia mind to promolo digestion." As for tho High Ohuroh parsons, thoy all played, bishops and all. On Twelfth-day tho Court used to play in stnto. " TblB hoing Twolfth-day, his Majosty, tho Prince of Wales, and tho Knights Companions of tho Garter, Thlsllo, and Bath, aj> noarcd in tho collars of thoir respootivo orders, Tholr Mn.jostio.1, tho Prince of Wnlos, and tho throe eldest Prin- cesses, went to tho Chnpol Royal, proceded hy tho horalds. Tho Ouko of Manchester carried the sword of Stnto. Tho king and princo nuulo oftbring nt tho altar of gold, frank- incense, and myrrh, according to tho annnal ouilom. At night their Majosliea played at bâtard with tho nobility, for tho benofit of tho groom-porter ; and 'twas said tho king won COO guinea*, tho queen, 3GO ; Princess Amelia, twenty : Princesa Caroline, ton ; tho Duko of Grafton and the Earl of Portmore, several thous inds." Lot tu glance at tho same ohronlolo, which ls of tho year 1731, and sae how othora of our forefathers woro engaged. " Cork, 15th January.-This day, one Tim Oroneon waa, for the mordor and robbery of Mr. St» Ledger and his wife, sentenced to he hanged two minute«, thon bis head to ho out off, and hU body divided, into fonr quarters, to be placed I In jfow:era»myav.<; H« was^servatff to'Mr.18k Lodger, and. oommltled, the'murder with the prmtv, of the servant; maid, wbo,was sentenced to bo burned* also bf the gar ' deher, whom he knocked on the head, to deprive bira ofhîs abare of the booty."' ' , r" . . "' ' ? ? ? '.'Charles Creagh, Esq., and .--.-Macnamara,. Ksq., be tween whum an old griulgo of three years had subsisted, whioh had . occasioned their being hound over about fifty times for broáking the peace, meeting in company with Mir. Eyres, of Galloway, they discharged their pistols,- and all: three' wereltilled on tho »pot-to the groat Joy: of their peaceful neighbours, say the Irish papers." '...,'?< % , i " Wheat is 26B. to 28s., and barley 20s. tb, 22s. a quarter ; three per cents. 02 i best loaf sugar, O^d, j Bohea, 12». to' 14». ; Pekoe,- Hs., and Hyson, 35s. pei- pound." ' ' The nublio day»; no doubt, were splendid, but the private1 Court life must liavo boen awfully wearisome, f I will not trouble you," writes Hervey to. Lady Sundon, " with an ao coun t ofoúr occupations, ut Hampton Court. No mill- horse ever went in a more constant track, or a moro unchanging cirole i BO that by the assistance of an almanaok for the day of the wook, and a watch for tho hour of the day, you may inform yourself fully, .without .any other, intelligence but your memory, of every transaction within tho verge of the Court. Walking, chaises, loaves, arid audiences fill the martling. At night the king plays at oommorco and back fjanimon, and the queen at quadrille, where poor Lady Chor- ote rani her usual nightly gauntlet, the queen pulling her i hood, and tho Princess Royal rapping her knuokles. .The Duke of Grafton takes his nightly opiato of lottery; and 'Sleeps as usual between tho Prill cosaos Amelia and Caroline. Lord Grantham strolls from ono room to another (as Dryden saysj; liko some discontonted ghost that oft appear», and is forbid to hpcuk; nod stirs himself about as people stir a fire, not with'any design, but in hopes to make it burn brisker. At last the'kintr gets tip ; tho pool finishes ; and everybody has their dismission. . 'I hoir Majosties retire to Lady Char lotto and my Lord Li (lord ; My Lord Grantham, to Lady Francos and Mr. Clark ; some to «upper, some to bed ; and thu» the evening and the morning make tho day." Tiie king's fondness for Hanover occasioned all sorts of rough jokes among his English sunjacts, to whom »aeur kraut and sausages haro ever hoon ridiculous objects. When our present Prince Consort came among us, the people baw- led out songs in the Btreets indicative of the absurdity of German; in general. The sausage-shops produoed enor- mous sausages wbiob wo might BUppose were the daily food ' and delight of German princes. I remember the caricatures at tho marriage of Prinae Leopold with the Princeae Char lotto The bridegroom was drawn in rags. George lIL'e wife was called by tho peoplo a beggarly German «fnohess ¡ the British - idea beiug that all princes were beggarly ex- cept < British princes.. King Goorgo paid us, beak. He'' i thought thero wore no manners out of Germany. Sarah Murlbdrougli once coming to visit the princess, whilst her iloynl Highness wo» whipping ono of the roaring royal children;' " Ah I" siiyB George, who was standing by, "you have no good mannen in England, beouuse you are not pro- perly brought up when you are young " He insisted that no English cooks could roast, no English coachman could drive i ho actually questioned the superiority of our nobility, our horses, and our roast beef 1 Whilst he was away from his beloved llanover, every- thing remained there exactly as iu the prince's' pretence. There were 800 horsoa in the stables, there was all'the apparatus of «hamborlains, court-marshals, and equerries:, land court assemblies were hold every Saturday, whore all -the nobility of Hanover assembled at what J. can't butthink a, fine ana touohing.ceremony-. A-large arm-chair was placed In the assembly-room, and on It the king's portrait The nobility advanced, and made a bow to the arm-chair, and to the image which 'Nebuchadnezzar' tho king had set up ; and »poko under their voioes before the augu-t picture, Just a» they would have done had the King Ohurfurat been, present himself. ' ' . Ho was 'always going hook to Hanover., In tho . year 1729, lie wont for two whole years, during which Caroline reigned for' him in 'England, and be was not in the least missed by his British subject*. He went again in '35 and '30 ¡ and between the 5 oar 1740 and 1755 was, no less than; eight' timbs on tho Cohtinont, which amusement he wa» obliged to give up at tho outbreak of tho' Seven Years' war.' Hero every day's amusement was the annie. " Our lifo is os uniform as that of a monastery," write» a courtier whom Whso quote». " Every morning at eleven, and every evening at six, wo drivo ;n tho heat ¡to Herrenhauseti; through an enormous lindon avenue : and. twice a day cover our coat» and coaches with dust. In the king1* society there norer ii the least chango. At table, and at cards, he SCCB always tho »arno faces, and at the end of tlio game'retires into hi» ohamher. Twice a week there is a Frenoh theatre j the other davB there is play in , the gallery. Tn this way, wero' tho king always ;to stop in Hanover, one could make a ten years' calendar 'of his proceedings . and settle beforehand what I is timo of bii3inc9rt( meals and pleasure would bo." Tho old pagan kept his premiso to his dying wife. Lady Yarmouth was now in full favour, and tren tod with profound lespcot bj th» tlraav.. ootlulj, kliuugli lb t.|l|KXU» labile. neglected in England when she came among us. In 1740, a couple of the king's daughters wont to Bee him at Hanover; Anna, the Priuoess of Orango (about whom, and whose husband and marriage-day, Walpolo and Harvey have loft us tho most ludicrous descriptions), and Maria of Hesso Cassel, with their respectivo lords. This made the, Hanover court very brilliant. Tn honour of hit high guoatt, the king gavo tevoral Jetea \ among other«, a magnificent masked ball, in the green theatre at Herrenhausen,-the garden theatre, with liden and box for screen, and grass for a carpet, where tho Platens had danced to George and his father the late sultan. Tho stage and a groat part of the garden ware illuminated with coloured lamps. Almost tho whole court .appeared in white dominoes, "like," says tho describer of the scene, j "liko spirits in tho Elysian fields." At night, tupper wat. served io tho gallery with three great tables, and the king was very merry. After supper dancing was resumed, and I did not get home till five o'clock by full daylight to Han* over, borne days afterwards we hail in the opera house at llanover, a groat assembly. Tho king appeared in a.Turk- ish dross ; lu's tu than was ornamented with a magnificent agraffe of diamonds ; tho Lady Yarmouth was drossod as a Bultaua I nobody was mora beautiful than tho Princess of Hesso." Se, while poor Caroline waa reBtiug in hor collin, dapper little George, with his red foco and his . white eyebrows and gogglc-oyos,- at sixty years of ago, is dancing a pretty dance with Madame Walmoden, and capering about dressed up like a Turk ! For twenty years moro, that little old Bajazet went on in this Turkish fashion, .until tho fit came which choked tho old man, when ho ordered thu sido of hit coffin to ho taken out, ns woll as that of poor Caroline's, .who had preceded him, so that his sinful old bones and uslies might mingle with those nf tho faithful croat uro O , strutting.Turkoy-co- k of Uerrpnhauscn! ; O naughty little Mahoinot, in what Turkish pnradiso mc' you now, nnd where ho your pnintod houris ? So Countess Yarmouth appeared as a sultana, and his Majesty in a Turkish dross woro an agraffe of diamonds, and waa very morry, was he? Friends I ho was your futliers' king nt well as minc-lot ns drop a roapcotful tonr.ovor his crave. Ho Bniil of bia wife thut lia neror know n woman who was worlliy to bnc'klo her shao : ho would sit alone weeping before her portrait, and, when he had dried his eyas, he wonld go olf to hi» Wulm'don and talk of lier. On the 25th duy of October, 1700, ho hoing then in tho soronty soventh year of hi» age, and tho thirty-fourth of his reign, his page went lo tako him his royal chocolate, and behold I tho most religious and gracious king was lying dond on tho floor. They went and folohed Wnlmodon ; hut Wulmodon could not wako him. Tho sacred Majesty was hut a lifolosi corpse. The king was dead ; God save the king ! 