LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. ' ' On Wednesday this imposing ceremony was performed ; with all the concomitant circumstances of which the re- : sources of the district arc capable. In the ceremony, all '"classes joined with a benrty good will,- evincing the due appreciation entertained of the great unit good objects ;:>sueh an institution as a Benevolent Asylum is intended V to carry out. The day was observed as a holiday, the ' shops closing soon niter 11 o'clock. The weather was perhaps a little oppressive, but this luay be considered /: the ouly drawback connected with the proceedings. The various bodies, as advertised in the programme, took part " in the proceedings. There was a large muster of the vari- . i' ous lodges of Odd Fellows, consisting ot the Castlcmainc, ,.,i Cbewton, and Prince of Wales Lodges, all of which be- / long to the Manchester Unity. Amongst the children '.-i wo observed the Chcvvtou Wosleyau Sunday School, \- and the Bund of Hope. The Operative Masons, brick- . layers, and carpenters made a good show. The Odd . . Fellows of course, appeared with the banners and in full regalia, but we were particularly struck with a very ap impropriate emblem carried by the Operative Masons. It \- consisted of a pole, ou tho top of which was placed a beautiful bunch of grapes, and some corn, underneath ! was printed the motto, " The Earth is the Lord's, and tho Fullness Thereof." The Castlcinuine Fire Brigade formed part in tiie procession, their red uniforms nt once " arresting tiie attention. The Freemasons of St. John's . Lodge, Forest Creek, and of the Mount Alexander np- Jieared in the full Masonic dress Tile Municipal Council iad the Chairman, Messrs Johnston, Bagsiinwe, the Town \- Clerk, and its Inspector for its representatives. The .. .clergymen present, were the Venerable tho Archdeacon, tint' Rev Mb Storie, and tho Itcv. Mr Day. Amongst the Government officials were Captain Bull, Captain Hnrri- v.son, und Mr Bates (who is also Secretary to the Asylum). .Shortly after 12 o'clock, the procession, under the com- " maud of Mr Gingell, who acted ns Marshall, started from the Market-square, the band lending oif with the lively ji.tune of the "British Grenadiers." The procession passed .-..through Forest, Urqubort, Mostyn, mid Barker's Street, 'going down Cnmpbell-street, and along Kennedy-street, . "to the reserve. On arriving at the place where the stone was to he laid, we found a large concourse of persons already as- : seinbled, the ladies hud seats erected for the purpose . of enabling them to have a view of the ceremony. The ' positions to he occupied by the various bodies near or ( ' around the stone, were all duly marked out, but the pub- < lie, just as the procession nppronclied the site, thought fit to crowd round the stone, and it was somewhat diffi- cult to got the place aguin perfectly clear. Mr Bond, of ' the Clydesdale, had ereetcd a booth near the foundation ' stone, where refreshments could be obtained, and the yj): dust prevailing resulted in making many thirsty, who u:> '. were therefore glad to avail themselves of the aeeomino- dation aft'orded. ,-i- Upon reaching the ground, P. M. Maclean, together ..ifyivritli the masons of the Forest Creek St. John's Trades- >. -men's Lodge, took up a position close to the S:i"' stone. The band played the hundredth psaltn, which .'twas sung by the children. Brother Sinytll then read the : inscription on the plate, and an account of the docu- . V/' inents placed iu tho bottle deposited under the stone. ' The document was as follows— BENEVOLENT ASYLUM, CASTLE MAINE, Smtp 1 8 6 0; » < THE FOUNDATION 6T0NB " . ; . .. : rfW THIS Ii u I L D IS# iffe \V is Laid . At Two o'clock p.m., tiie Fourth day of January, One 'Sofi.Thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty, with Masonic honours, by Neil Maclean, acting W.M., and tlie.Bre- 11? thrcn of the Forest Creek St. John's Lodge of Free and 5>j Accepted Masons, in the Twenty-tliird year of the Reign of fff'f 1 Her Majesty, Queen Victoria, Sir Henry Barkiy :tm;Bein the Cajitniu-Geueral and Governor-in-Chief of the sH) " Colony of \ ietoria ; und the Mount Alexander Lodge, s n1 the Order of Odd I-'ellows, the President oftlielnstitution, Slk.the Chairman and Members of the Munkdpal Council, with other public bodies, and the principal citizens of >.S" Custicnmiue, assisted in" the ceremony. The Silver j— Trowel , the workmanship of J. Coombs, Castlemoine, and bearing tlio inscription underneath, was presented to »!?& Neil Maeiean, Acting W.M of the Forest Creek . St. John's Lodge : " Presented to Mfcv The IVorshipftil the Actioer Muster »' " - of the bI® - Forest Creek St. Jolm's Lodge of Freemasons (Neil Maclean), wg- . Upon the occasion of Laying the Foundation Stouc Sew' of the ' ' fgas.. . Benevolent Asylum, Castiemaine. AVedncsday, 4th January, -- - - A.D , 1860." < Officers of the Institution for the present year : wk J.'E. N. Bull ' lEOSR. L.Butterwwth. ShP. AV. F. I'reshaw W. Bi Collyns iw'''" J H. Lawlor . - . .. -TRESIDEN'T. . . W J. E.. N. Bull. Sp? . VICB-WIESIDENTS. " - G. Harrison W. Froomes, juu. bS-",".-- HONORAnY. medical oepicer6. W. F. Presliawr ' . ' Vf. Alcrsou - ,ffb' David Mackay . - T.-'M'Gratli - 1 WA COStMITTEB 01' MANAGEMENT ; : . , R. L. Butterwortli . ' Rev. J. Low BRE?. ' W. J; Uphill ' E. Day ' PK : John Flaxmah : j, J. Storio -'' 8&\- George Smyth, T. Raston . E. S. V. Spencor P. Smyth Sgp ArelideaconCrawford jg&l; . HONORARY TREASURER;- . Hfc..' . John Farran. . ' ; mfr. HONORARY SECRETARY. 8? : ,R. W. Bates. STii - i Architect. . S&r;, . E, S V. Spencer, -. ffiagr- contractor: : Sggt? J.Muriro. ." ' Tlie following coins and documents were placed in the ffif bottle containing the sei'oll Sajv Australian Sovereign and Hidf Sovereign, 1859; Eng- Ps lish Crown, 1844 : Hall-Crown. 1846; Florin, . 1857; Shilling, 1853; Sixpence, 1851 ; . Fourpenee, . 1354 ; Threepence, 1858; Oue Penny, 1847. . f%.- Melbourne Argus, Herahl, and Aye, 3rd January, 18b0; Cnstleina'ine Advertiser , 3rd January, 1800; '\ Mount Alexander Mail, 4th January, 1860; tiie "Cns- v tlcniaine Directory," " Alinanue," and ' Sheet Alumn ae," for 186.) and 1861. « Ciptaiu Bull presented Mr Maclean with n hand some silver trowel having the above inscription upon it. In doing so be said lie Felt much satisfaction- at being v present to witness the laying of the foundation stone of the Benevolent Asylum uuder sucli favorable eircuui- t stances. Tlie committee' were gratified to see tlie unity nud sympathy evinced that day. lie trusted tlmt < that feeliug would be evinced after the asylum was \- opened. j P.M. Maclean in accepting tlie trowel said that he ' regarded that as tlio proudest day of his life, nud he should never fail to look back to it with pride and sa il tisfaction. i. I A solemn air was then played, and the stone slowly sso lowered. ... sw'f. The Aruudeacon here oflereil up prayer, consisting (AS, of a collect and the Lord's Prayer. >|&S; P. M. Maclean then called upon tho junior Warden to test the stone'with liis plummet, and lie declared the stone to be true. WS The senior warden tested the stone with a level, and tho Acting Past .Master with a square. Both these officers declared the stone to be correct, p-i; Pi M. Maclean then tested the stoncliimself, striking V- 1 1 w itii the mallet, ubserving, " I pronounce this stone to 3g he well-formed, true; and trusty." Biotlicr P.M. Pobitel tlien came forward bearing jyr the cornucopia full of corn. P.M. Maclean mounted the stone. He showered some of tlie corn on the stone, S'i and lie then poured wine and oil upou it, at the same time offering up tlio following prayer, " May the nll- bounteous Creator bless tho inhabitants of this place C with all tlio necessary conveniences and comforts of life, 1 assist in tlie erection and completion of this building, protect tlie workmen against any accident, and longprc- ; serve this structure from decay, nud grant us all needful supplies, the corn of nourishment, the wine of refreshment, and tlio oil of joy." To tiiis tlio bre- thrcn replied, " So mote it he." P. M. Maclean here gave the stone three taps with the mallet, at the saino time saying, "'Knock nnd ye shall enter, ask and yc shall receive, seek and ye sliu'l be satisfied." The brethren then replying, "So mote it be." Brother Spencer, the architect, here at tlio request of P.M. Maclean, exhibited the plans of tlio intended building. : These were returned to liim by P.M. Maclean, who said, " Brother Spencer, I deliver these plans to you , und be lieve from tlie skill you have already shown that this work will be well-performed." P.M. Maclean then delivered tlie following address, — ' Brethren, ladies, and gentlemen. When assembled together ou occasions like the present, it is customary among masous to say something of masonry, and to take a glance ut those principles which hive extended it. It is well known to all good masons that one thousand years before tlie Christian era, Solomon, King of Israel, our Grandmaster, built a splendid temule which lie dedi cated to God and to liis service. The craft worked ut tins building, and from that timo have been ambitious, builders rejoicing in those works of masonry which beautify und adorn the iitco of the ciirtli. As true and accepted masons, we lmvc this day been (called upon to perform u truly great work, one which is dedicated to tlie cause of freomasoury ; of another monument to the cuuse of civilization of another temple for tho propagation of the truths of our order. Why lms masonry outlived every record of tlie ancient world, whilst ancient cities have gone to dust, and great names forgotten Whv iu tiiis enlightened age Js it all? to rear its mighty head and defy tlio attacks of. time, 'which sap3 tho foundation of everything else that mortal can found? Why even now doits solid foundations rest upon the wlioiooftho known globe, and where a man is to be found there a man finds a brother ? It is because tiie bible unfolded makes our Lodge just, and all our rites nnd ceremonies nre contained in it. It is because masonry is tlie figurative representation of the many grand principles upliied by the nobly good. It is be cause it is tlie embodiment of those great truths and moral precepts which are the basis of society. It is be cause it ousts the mantle of charity over the whole human race, und within its embrace tlie ntllicted ' find relict) tlie poor benevolence, and the widows and orphans assistance. It is because it dissemiuates through its disciples the principles of truth, and a wish to make re searches into the mysteries of nature and science. During the dark days of the middle ages masonry found refuge in the cells of the monks. It was then that the pride of the master demanded cringing obedience, but masonry was free then, as she is now. She taught then as she does now and held out the hand ot fellowship to the persecu'ed of all nations. She taught them that " man to man the world o'er may brothers be for a' that." She inculcated the lesson of natural equality, and mutual dependence. And now. on what were re cently tlie wilas of an unknown country she has planted herself bv a giant stride, und in laying the foundation stone of this institution, wo are adding another trophv to her many victories. Ladies and gentlemen, do not form your opinion of freemasonry from the class of men who arc a disgrace to tiie fraternity. At all times there have been men who from ignorance and vanity have injured tlie doctrines of unisons und masonry. But this abuse throws no blame on masonry; it proves that tliu bre thren of this district lmve niueh to learn. Masonry aims at the highest possible improvement ot tlio bumnu race. It desires that ail should lie knit together by the bond of brotherhood. It is certainly true that'whoever accepts tlie precepts of masonry in honest faith and self devotion is raised above the cloud which obscures tlie vision of other men, Brethren, let us be good masons and true ; lot us be faithful and respect ourselves, nnd our lives will flow on blameless -'and lovely: There is one other fact to which I would call ' your attention. I t isiustly regarded as the extremity of misfortune to be houseless and to have no roof over your head. .Objects more pitiable there cannot be imagined thnn tlio old and infirin with no kindred, no friends, no home. There ore. now in this colony hundreds who when night comes on are giariugfrom under their pale brows upon the awiul ne cessity of passing the night abrond in the shadows of merciless streets, under post office verandahs, and by the side of dark-tempting rivers, or in shrublcss plains' In many desolate places of the wild bush, our fellow creatures have to take refuge. On behalf of such I ap peal to you, ladies and gentlemen, to contribute as fur us you can in aid of tlie Benevolent Asylum, and may He who in yon Arabian laud "while the birds or ihc air nail nests, and the foxes of the earth had holes, hud not where to lay his head "—may He even now sympa thise with those houseless creatures, nud strew patience and peace under their careworn heads, and cast over them the mantle of forgiveness and hope. Tiie Deacon of tlie Lodge and others then went round for subscriptions, and the sum realised amounted to about. £27. . The Vein the Archdeacon then read tlie following nddress:— Ladies and Gentlemen,— The laying of n foundation stone is at all times interesting; the interest no doubt arises, from the nature of the contemplated structure, and is proportionate to it's object and character. We have just now witnessed the ceremony under the most imposing circumstances. Let me endeavour, very briefly, to render your iuterest on this occasion commensurate insome degree, with the object and clmracter of this un dertaking. Hod this duty devolved upon one more ca pable of doing it justice, I would rejoice, but invited ns I have been by tlie committee to give ii short address, I feel bound to comply, and render this pleasing ceremony, us fur as I can, impressive and profitable. Christians— even those who have never witnessed the laying of tlio foundation stone of any material building — are familiar with the necessity for sucli, for they themselves, consti tuting a living Temple, God's Holy Church, the Temple of tlie Holy Ghost, feel tlie need and value of tlie pre cious existence of the great foundation stouc, that foun dation stone which the prophet foretold, when with refer euee to our Lord's incarnation, lie declared — " Thus saith the Lord God, Behold, I lay in Zion a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation, lie that believeth shall not make haste.' Allow me now to congratulate you upou tlie fact that after a season of un avoidable delay, one object of your longing and com mendable desires, has been so far accomplished. Till foundation stone oftbe Castiemaine Benevolent Asylum lias been well und truly laid. Let us supplicate the Di vine blessing on every particular, and continue to do so. May the blessing of God rest upou tlie designers of this work, upon the contributors, the architect, the builders, tlie tradesmeu, and tlie laborers, and especially oil tlie work itself, so that in tlie construction of this Asylum, judgment having been laid to tlie line and righteousness to tiie plummet, the work may continue to prosper, through Jesus Christ. The object of this contemplated institution is briefly defined thus—' To relieve the aged, infirm, permanently disabled, of all creeds and nations,, and to render to them the comforts of religion.' Here we have before us a noble object indeed— one worthy, of immortal beings: Tills is tlie uiijcct of the- Castiemaine Benevolent Asylum. Allow me to ask what constitutes a true Benevolent Asylum ? Is it a mere edifice of brick or stone, built with it charitable object ? Does it consist of a chlsselled structure, fitted together and ce mented into the most symmetrical proportions ? Will rules the most perfect, uud regulations tiie most orderly, furnish the understanding with the just conception of a Benovolent Asylum— no, no 1 The true asylum for the poor, the needy, and the distressed lias its existence in the loving and Christinn principles nnd hearts of God's resnonsible creatures, built together us believers on Him as a foundation, whose blessed office it is to comfort all who mourn, and who declared that " whosoever shall give to drink to one of tkeso little ones a cup of cold water only iu the name of a disciple, verily, I say unto you, lie sliull iu no wise lose .his reward.' The building commeitted before us will prove a convenient structure for the bestowal of the practical be nevolence of the inhabitants of Castiemaine, and will afford living expression for the principles which it is our duty and "privilege , to exercise. Let nio assure those whom I address tlmt tho best means they can adopt -to render this institution a permanent blessing is; to endea vour themselves duly to exercise tlie greatdutics of faith, hope, and charity— for as the true Benevolent Asylum exists in the hearts and touder sympathies ot the charit able, so long as charity abides, the Asylum must flourish. Remember Jesus, our great example, said, " Come unto me, all ye that are' tveury- and heavy-laden, und I will give you rest.'' ; A So it is with true Christian hearts — _ , . . -,' Their mutual share in Jesu's blood An everlasting bond imparts, Of holiest brotherhood. Oh ! may we all our lineage prove, j Give anil forgive, do good and love; By soft endearments in kind strife, ' ' Lightening tho load of daily life." ; . i These observations, will, I hope, enable you to feel, by God's blessing, that witli the erection of this noble struc ture your benevolent privileges and duties will niorcfully commence. Hitherto, owiug to the waut of such, ninny a fellow being tins piued away in unaided misery, whilst there were hearts uud liuuds willing uud able to niiord relief, bad the case been known. Soon this frustration of acts of love slmll cease, and iu this place room will be afforded for the exercise of extended charity. Let me here give to some whom I address n word of earnest cau tion. Do not for one moment think that tiie establish ment of this institution, however well maiutained iu its object, cuu free you, or is designed to free you, from the the responsibility of attending to individual coses of dis tress, to release you from tlie sacred duty of seeking out, nud relieving the poor nnd destitute, to sap, in short, the foundation of that private eiiarity which should and does characterise every Christinn. Sucli is not its objects; its design is to administer your benevolent aid to those who seek such within its walls, but we must ever remember that, " in occupying till our Lord's return," we must minister to the necessities of ail who arc in need. Moreover, we must bear In inltid that there nro classes of severe sufferers whose rases arc not conteiuplutod in tlie object of this asylum. I must not occupy more of. your time. Let me, in conclusion, urge upon all those whom J see around nie, that they, by ministering nbundnntiy "and trfllingly to the necessities of those who seek for re fuge in tiiis benevolent asylum, may have their charitable sympathies for suffering humanity fully educated, and so render this the scene for the continual bestowing of double blessings— blessings ou those who give nud those who receive. The Rev. Mr. Stohib then delivered a very eloquent and appropriate address. He said lie hoped the time would be far distant when tiiis colony would require workhouses and its inhabitants lmve to pay heavy poor rates. Tlio franchise valued most in this colony was the power tiint labor had to live. They did wot require almshouses for idle loafers, Religion taught that if a man would not work he had no right to cat. For such pcrsous another building (pointing to tlie gaol) was tlie proper place, witli hard labour oil tlie treadmill. There was an iustiiutiou already in existence in this locality, and tliey wore founding a sisier institution that day vvliioli commanded their best feelings. Cases of confirmed sickness and orphanage would continually take place. Lately six men were blasting; tlie eyes of all were thus injured ; two were blind. A man working down a shaft had a mass of stone fell on him, and lie was disabled, liis backbone having been broken. 1 1 was wanted to put si! eh above want, to prevent their being obliged to beg from door to door A woman was often left n widow with children. It was required to lmve a place vyhure with no slinmc as an honest English inntrqn she might live beyond tlio miseries of temptation. Forstieli nil in stitution ns tlie present lie claimed the support of liis fellow townsmen of all classes, uud every ruuk and fuitli, and lie trusted that no little grumbling would be per mitted to mill- the success of the institution. The rev. gentleman concluded liis address by saying that lie would exert liis influence with liis own congregation on behalf of tho asylum. After these speeches hail been delivered, a donation to tiie workmen by the freemasons was handed to Mr. Munro, the contractor. Captain Bull then thanked tlio freemasons and the various other bodies for their attendance, after which the A'ational Anthem was played by the land. Three cheers were, then given and the ceremony canto . to a conclusion. TJic procession re-formed, and returned to town in inverted order, the freemasons being- first. We should say thut the ceremony brought together ut least some 400U persons. 