MESMERISM AND MODERN INFIDELITY. [third article.] The reflections we have in the preceding articles made, and the startling passages we have quoted, in reference to Phreno-Mesmeric phenomena, must not divert the reader's at tention from one fact of paramount impor tance — namely, the use which Modern Infi delity makes of these ' wonders.' That use may be stated in a few words. The True Church — under both the Jewish and Christian dispensations — always believed in good and bad spirits, and iu their limited operation amongst men. At the first dis covery of Mesmerism, the Infidelity of the world exulted : the unbeliever clapped his hands exultingly, because he thought he had found a solution for everything difficult to be solved in reference to miracles, and the miraculous interpositions of a super-human power. In fact, this was a reasonable posi tion for the sceptic and scoffer to take, but it was neither an original nor an impregna ble one. The great oracle of infidelity, Bayle, who could build up a pantheism a thousand times more imposing than any of our modern savants can, said many years aero — ' Prouvez settlement aux incroyants I' existence des mauvais esprits, et vous les VERREZ FORCEMENT OBLIGES DB VOUS AC00R der tods vos dogmes 1* (Diet.) And Vol taire, of tenebrous memory, who never al lowed a good hit against religion to pass by without turning it to his own advantage, making it his own, and managing generally to render its edge keener, uses this argu ment of Bayle's in a bolder and sharper manner. In speaking to an able theologian, who had alluded to the power of the devil, he cried out triumphantly : ' Satan I . . . mats e'est le Ghristianisme tout entier I Pas de Satan, Pas de Sadveor \'f These quotations from the arch- heralds of unbelief put the question in a rich full light before the reader. God's church has always held tho existence and activity amongst men of good and bad spirits. Infidelity has always denied both, and challenged proof of their alleged existence and operation. The Church has always held the belief just stated. The Scriptures prove it ; tra dition proves it ; the Christian liturgies proves it; daily ministerial ecclesiastical practice proves it. :- We need not take a single passage from tho Old Testament to establish the belief, as we can draw, if pos sible, more cogent proofs from the New. St. Paul, who generally uses tho most em phatic language, in his Epistle to the Ephe sians puts the matter very forcibly. 'For our wrestling,' he writes, ' is not against flesh and blood ; but against principalities and powers, against the rulers of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wicked ness in high places,' (Ephes. vi. 12.) St. Peter is still more emphatic and lucid in his grand exhortation : 'Be sober and watch ; because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion goeth about seeking whom, he may de * Only prove to unbelievers the existence of evil spirits, and you shall see them forcibly OBLIGED TO CONCEDE ALL YOUR[other] DOGMAS. Translation. \+ Satan ! . . . but that is Christianity in its entirety ! No Satan, no Saviour ! Translation. vour. Whom resist ye, strong in faith; knowing that the same affliction befalls your brethren who are in the world.' (i. Peter, v. 8-9). Tradition is equally clear on the subject — church history and patristic learning are full of the records of the belief; and even to' this day (particularly in Baptism) we use exorcisms. The question of such spiritual' beings, therefore, was fairly mooted by the unbelieving Bayle, and echoed by the un believing Voltaire. That triumphant echo was caught up by our smaller incroyants of this century : ana what is the result? This : We are in a better position to answer the infidel of to-day than the orthodox were to answer the infidel in the time of Messrs. Bayle and Voltaire. The tables are com pletely turned ; the very argument derived from Mesmerism, made use of by infidels, reacts on themselves — Phreno-Mesmerism proves the existence of spirits — and judging from the operation of these spirits, or rather from the character of the work they perform, we can only call them evil spirits. Phreno Mesmerism, (we wish to be as rigidly exact as possible in our assertions), proves the ex istence and action of a preter-human intelli gence — an intelligence which does things altogether above man's activity, and trans cends the ordinary laws of nature. Without admitting tho intervention of this preter human intelligence, we can never explain tho highest class of Mesmeric ' wonders.' With this exposition of the question, we will now proceed to the third division of our subject; namely, Hysterical Mesmerism, or hysteria, produced by individuals in them selves, through the strong action of the mind on the body. To this point we now address ourselves. We have already said— and we think proved — that the mind strongly excited has, or rather produces, extraordinary effects on the body. No subject is so directly calcu lated to excite the will, and through the will to morally electrify the whole mind, as man's consciousness of his responsibilities towards his Creator. Let the individual be man or woman — let him or her be learned or unlearned — it is impossible for either one or other to avoid those moments of secret, solemn self-examination — those moments of sacred severe scrutiny into the possibilities and probabilities of the dread Hereafter. Hence it arises that random religion — the reli gion of an individual's own brain, although fundamentally, or in its inchoative state, a sort of natural religion — performs so many extravagant freaks ; scouts all our purely human ideas of propriety ; and exhibits or manifests developments as wild, as illogical, as opposed to the calmness and solidity of profound and thorough recognition of God in all His works — His operation on the ever- living human soul as well as on the ever-enduring material elements of physical nature — as those of the pythoness of old, whose rolling eye and agitated body be tokened the tumultuous passion of her en phrensied soul. We do not exaggerate. We have-had examples brought home to us of demoniac transports passed off for, and no doubt in many cases believed to be, the effects of the action of the Eternal Spirit — the Holy Ghost. It has been our bitter experience, within the last few years, to hear of ' revivals,' in which nothing is revived beyond the terrible enthusiasm of the old Greek priestess of Apollo; 'revivals which do not come up to the grandeur of excitement exhibited by the old Scandina vian Chiefs while under the influence of the ' berserker rage ;' ' revivals' which are only transient ebullitions of feeling and short-lived transports of religious mania, compared with tho exhibitions of Simon Magus and the Collyrideans of the first cen turies of Christianity. What has Revival ism done for the furtherance of sound reli gion in the North of Ireland ? Has it kept the jails free from felons ? Has it protected and glorified the natural modesty of woman ? No ! on the contrary, it has been productive of manifold crime ; it has been the means of breaking down the solemn barrier which Christian society — under the immediate direction of St. Paul — has established between man and woman. The woman under the influence of this Mesmeric hysteria is no longer ' silent in the church,' no longer ' covers her head' during public worship ; is no more ' obedient to her hus band ;' has no longer ' the sacred modesty of sex' to guard : she becomes a hythoness ; she is inflamed With a holy madness; she shrieks aud yells — tears her hair and beats her breast — now confides presumptuously in God's mercies, and anon despairs blasphe mously — exactly (alas, too exactly !) like the obsessed spoken of in Holy Writ. Let us not seek for melancholy illustrations of the truth of our statement. There is no one ' religiously mad' — that is to say, there is no one who wilfully forgets or ignores this primary truth— namely, that the fruit of true religion is Peace, Patience, and Humility — who has not become so by the horrible egotism of the age ; the hideous self-sufficiency which leads men to trample on the faith and practical religion of centu ries, to build up altars — or covenants— ac- cording to their own conceits. . Hero lies the argument: What Revivalism can be true revivalism in the Lord, which does not pro duce peace and love ? We can only say with Gamaliel (Acts v. 38-39.) : ' If this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to naught. But if it be of God, you cannot overthrow it.' Here is an excellent criterion. Revivalism, like table-rapping, has already ' come to nought.' So much for hysterical Mesmerism, or that produced by tho in fluence of false religious feelings. The general subject — although we have condensed our remarks as much as possible — obviously challenges a few further reflections — a sort of resumé of all that has been advanced, We will, therefore, with the reader's permission, devote another column at another time to its epilogue. The Unemployed. — A torch-light meet ing to thenumherof 300 or 400 was held on Monday evening on the race course. The usual amount of oratory was expended on the occasion and it seemed to be the general opinion of tliase awembled that the free passage to Newcastle offered by Government should not be accepted without at the same time a guarantee of employment on arrival there. The Legislative Council of Victoria has passed the second reading of the Land Bill. Amend ments altering the character of the Bill very much were expected to be proposed in committee. 