«o, a, 4 TnuBE ia nothing more remarkable in the ex. traordinary development of what ia .galled ** Spiritualism," which bas recently taken place both ia Europe and America, than that a large nTjmber~r^j^ön»""öf High, respëcliHïity and attainmen ts should have, in a shorty period, become » converts to what most -intelligent people "Fora 'accustomed at first to regard as ar delusioàj 'almost "beneath the notice of those ' who mate any pretensions to sanity. Judges, ambassadors, physicians, lawyers, men of every grade, from the highest to the lowest, partïct ¡ pate in the delusion^ if it is a delusion ; and the circle of, their influence 'is continually ajad rapidly widening. The progress of the belief inSpiritoalísm is such that no journalist; who pretend]? to ' present to his readers . an accurate , view oi what is passing ia the world,; can now altogether^ ignore it, however little he may think the theory itself worthy "of serious attention. This new doc- trine, or rather this sudden revivalof an bid one/ suggests to the mind of an unprejudiced'.in- quirer, à good many interesting questions. Waa the belief of our ancestors in ghosts and ap- paritions really founded in truth after all ? Has any cause, physical ,or mental, or both, prevented the majority of mankind during the last few; generations from perceiving what was visible to^their.ancestors ? Do the laws, which govern psychological phenomena run in cycles, alter at uncertain intervals, or are they ever the same? The phenomena connected with "re- vivals" and other extraordinary manifestations of mental excitement are as unknown and as wonderful as anything that is contended for by the Spiritualist! ;-is there, then, any sufficient reason for disbelieving the one when we allow-the truth of the other. ? May not some persons by means of their peculiar normal organisation, or possibly through what for want of a better term we may call a diseased nervous susceptibility, be ca- pable of exercising an intense exquisiteness of perception of which others in their ordinary state hive little or no conception? May not the ability to perceive, what under other cir- cumstances is invisible, be consequent on peculiar electrical or other states of the atmosphere acting on the nerves, and therefore possibly affecting many persons at the same time ? In certain states of illness, we are atl aware that some of. tho faculties of the mind as well as tho senses are intensified to a positively painful degree-may not a greater tendency exist in some ages of the world than in others to this " spiritualisation" of the senses and fa- culties of man ? Is it wise to ignore the almost universal testimony and. belief of mankind in all ages except our own in ¡what are frequently called " supernatural" appearances ? Is it not quite possible that tho phenomena connected with these appearances, if. candidly and calmly investigated, might turn out to be capable of explanation on purely scientific and natural grounds? We have been led into these reflections by the perusal of a work on Spiritualism, entitled ' Footfalls on the boundary of another World," by Robert Dale Owen, lately published in New York. We learn from notices of this work in ... the American Press that Mr. Owen has been prominently before the public for several years as a bold and vigorous journalist, an active politician, a social reformer, and more recently, in a diplomatic capacity, as United States Minister to Naples. A man of capacity and education, of ample knowledge of the world, and no little practice in affairs, he is justly entitled to challenge attention in his discussion of a subject, which is rarely presented except in the spirit of enthusiasm or partizanship. , ' His mind was first directed to, the preten- sions of modern spiritualism while residing at Naples, in tho Autumn of 1853. Until that l ime he had regarded .tho whole matter as a de- 1 lusion, and, but for tho influence of an intelli- gent friond and former colleague, the Viscount de St. Amaro, Brazilian Minister ' at Naples, would probably never have submitted it to a sarious examination. ,. It was through him that the attention of Mr. Owen was turned to cer- tain phenomena of a magneto-psychological character, and to tho study of analogous sub- jects. In his apartments, on tho 4th March, 185G, in the presence of himself and his wife, togethcr with a member of the royal family 'of Naples, the author for tho first time witnessed certain physical movements apparently without;matërial agency. Three weeks later, an Incident occurred, during tn evening nt the Russian Minister's, which appeared inexplicable,, without referring it to' some intelligent agency foreign to the specta- tors present. From that time, Mr. Owen determined to test the matter thoroughly, and devoted the leisure of more than two years to investigating the question- of the agency-of spirits from another sphere of existence, on the concerns of mankind. His inquiries embraced a wide range of arescarch. In addition to the usual experiments ¿ind observations, which' are familiar to ,a multitude of persons, both in Europe and the United States, he devoted himself to the -study of thc best standard treatises on physiology, especially in its connection with mental phenomena, psychology in general,-on sleep, on hallucination, on insanity, and on the great mental epidemics of Europe - and Ame- rica, together with the curious observations of Reichenbach,. and the record of interesting re scarches of recent date in Prussia, Italy, England, and elsewhere, on the subject of human elec- tricity in connection with its influence on the nervous system and tho muscular tissues. It was not long before Mr. Owen arrived at the conclusion that tho modern' phases of what is called Spiritualism are the reproduction of ancient and well-known phenomena'.' Hence,' he inferred tho importance of historical research, as an essential preliminary to a scientific theory. . . . He also judiciously , decided that it ,was better to 'devote attention to spontaneous and casual phenomena, rather than to those that are formally evoked to appearances and irregularities that present themselves occasionally only, but without an- ticipation, or design, like tho rainbow, or tho Aurora Borealis, or the hurricane, independent of tho wishes or tho agency of man.. By, this restriction, the suspicion of being misled' by epidemic excitement or foregone impressions is set aside. The result of Mr. Owen's investigations, con- ducted according to this method, is set forth in the present volume. It consists mainly of the record .>' : 'i '-nen?, relating to the subject, that have barn observed in various countries and, ta different periods, of history, The author Pflft^eja^QA«!»}»» ,tQtth«veata.MÍ4hvnantt of a theory. For that in" his opinion, the time has not yet come. - He-aims, at no higher mark than tq collect and «arrange materials, --which may^serve in the' erection -of a system' by some future inquirer. He ^certainly discusses I the.subjecLwLth\\_calmness, discrimination, and , ability,- and his volume must at once take its ?place as .a valuable collection of facts and illus- trations on the mysterious subject of which it treats -. Among the curious narratives, which, if re- ceived as authentic, shew us that there "are more things in "Heaven and earth than, are dreamed of in our philosophy^" though they by, no means, help to demonstrate the 'reality of spiritual manifestations, we extract tho fol- lowing: HABITUAL APPARITION OF A LIVING PERSON. There existed, in the year 1815, and is still continued, in Livonia, about thirty-six miles from Eiga and -a- mile-and-a half from the small town of Wolmai an institution of-liighi repute for the education of young ladies; en- titled the Pensionnat of Neuweicke. It is under the superintendence of Moravian direc tors; of whom the principal, at the time of the occurrences about to be related, was named Buch. There were, In that year, forty-two young ladies residing there as boarders, chiefly daugh- ters of noble Livonian families ; among them, Mademoiselle Julie, second 1 daughter of the Baron de Guldenstubbe, then thirteen years of age. _ , , In this institution one of the female teachers at that time was Mademoiselle Emelie Sagee, a French lady, from Dijon. She was of the' Northern type-a blonde, with very fair com- plexion, light-blue eyes, chestnut hair slightly above the middle size and of (slender figure. In character she was amiable, quiet, and good tempered; not at all given to' anger or impatience ; but of an anxious dispo- sition, and, as to her physical temperament, somewhat nervously excitable. Her health was usually good; and- during the year and a half that she lived as teacher at Nenwelcke she had but one or two slight indispositions. She was intelligent and accomplished : and the directors, during the entire period of her stay, were per- fectly satisfied with her conduct, her industry and ber acquirements. She was at that time thirty-two years of age. A few weeks a'ter Maîemoiselle Sagte,,first arrived, singular reports began to circulate among the pupils. When- somo casual- in- quiry happened to be made as to where > she - was, one young lady would reply that she . hi« d seen her in such or such a room ; whereupon another would say, " Oh, no ! she can't be there; for I have just met her on the stairway;" or perhaps in some distaiit. corridor. At first they naturally supposed it was mero mistake; but os the same thing recurred again and.a»ain, tb ey began to think it very odd, :and finally spoke to the other governess about it. Whether the teachers at that time could have furnished an explanation or not, they gave none ; - they merely told the young ladies it was' all fancy 1 and nonsense, and bade them pay no attention tb it. -. But, after a time, things much moro extra- ordinary, and which could not bo set down to imagination or mistako, be- gan to occur. One day the governess was giving a lesson to a class of thirteen, bf whom" Mademoiselle Guldenstubbé was one, and was,, demonstrating, with eagerness, some proposi- tion, to illustrate which she had occasion to write with chalk on the black-board. While she was doing so, and the young ladies were fooking at her, to their consternation they sud- denly saw two Mademoiselle Sagres, the one by the side of the other. They were exactly alike, and they used the same gestures, only that the real person held a bit of chalk in her hand, and did actually write, while the double had no chalk, and only imitated the motion. This incident naturally caused a great sensa- tion in the establishment. It was ascertained, on inquiry, that every one of the thirteen young ladies in the class had seen the second figure, and they all agreed in their description of its appearance and of its motions. Soon after, one of the pupils, a Mademoiselle Antione de Wran gel, having obtained permis- sion, wi-h some otherâ, to attend fl fête chamjiitre in the neighbourhood, and being engaged in completing her toilet, Mademoiselle Sagée bad good naturedly volunteered her aid, and was hooking her dress behind. Tho young lady happened to turn round and to look into an adjacent mirror, perceived two Mademoiselle Sugecs hooking her dress. The sudden appa- rition produced so much effect on her that she fainted. , Months passed by, and similar phenomena were still repeated. Sometimes, at dinner, the double appeared standing behind tho teacher's chair and imitating her motions~as she ate-only that: its hands held no knife and fork, and that there was no appearance of food; the figure alone was repeated. AH the ¡üpils and the servants waiting on the table, witnessed this. It was only occasionally, however, that the double appeared to. imitate the motions of the , real person. Sometimes, whon; the'ltttter:rose from a chair, the figure would appear seated on it. On one occasion, Mademoiselle S a,oe being confined to bed with an attack of in fliienza, the young lady alresdy mentioned, Mademoiselle de Wrangel, was sitting by her telside, reading to her. Suddenly the gover-. ness became stiff and pale ; and, seeming as if about to faint, the young lady, alarmed, asked if she was . worse. She . replied that she was not, but in a very feeble sml languid voice., A few seconds 'afterward, .Mademoiselle ..de AVrangel, happening to .look round," saw, .quite distinctly, the figure cf. the . governess walking up and down the' apartment. Thia time ; tho. young lady , had sufficient self-control 'to remain quiet, and even to make no remark to the'patient. Soon af:er "wardahe came down stairs, looking very pale, and relattd what shé had witnessed.: ' " ' But the most remarkable example ,pf this .seeming independent action-of < the two 'injures happened in this wise. - V Oiie day-all the young ladies of the institu-' tion, tothe number of forty- two, were assembled in the same room, engaged in embroidery;. -It was -ii ! spacious hall on th e first floor of the principal bniïding,,and had four large window*,, or rather glass , dcors (for they opened toxthe , floor), giving entrance' to a garden bf some ex- tent in front of the house. . Tb ero. was a long table in thc centre of the room; and here it was that the various.classes -wera-wont t'oJunite for needlework'or similar occupation. .'. i .On this occasion the .young.ladies wcro all seated at the table in question, whence they could readily see what, passed in the, garden; uni wliüe, tnj"£C& at their wori, thsy had jRttUceJ Mademoiselle SagSa - ttoere, ? nat -fax fïojin v the house, gathering- flowers, of which she was very fond. At th« head of the table, seated in an arm-chair (pf green morocco, my informant says, she.still distinctly recollects that it was), sat another teacher, in. charge of the pupils. After a time this, lady had pcca% sion-to-leave-the room, and-the arm- chair-was left vacant. . It rema ne I so, however¿- for a" short time only ; far of a sudden there' ap 'plàT-èTd~è'e1âticrîh~îf "the" figure"of Mademoiselle" ' Sagée. The. young; ladies immediately looked into the garden, and there she still was,'engaged '1 as before ; only they, remarked that she moved: verd slowly abd ' languidly, SB a drowsy or ex- hausted person might. Again they looked at the arm-chair; and there she s »tj silent, arid without motion, but to the sight sq palpably real that, had they not s:en her bu's'de in the, garden, and had .they not known that she ap- peared in the -chair without having walked into the room, they would' all have supposed that it waa the lady bei self. As. it was, being qui'e .certain" that'it -was not a. real person, and j having. become, ? to a certain extent, familiar' with.. this strange phenomenon, two' of the boldest approached abd tried ,to touch the figure. They averred that they did ieel a slight resistance^ which they likened to that which a fabric pf fine muslin or. crape would offer to the touch. One of the two then passed close in front of the arm-chair, and actually through a portion.of,the figure. The appearance, however, remained, after she had done so, for some time longer, still seated, ss before. At last, it gradually disappeared; and then it wps .observed that Mademoiselle Sa{,&3 resumed,-.with all her usual activity, her task of flower- gathering., Every , one of the forty-two pupils saw the same-figaro in the same way. Some of the yoting ladies afterward asked Mademoiselle Sa^ß j if there was anything pe- culiar in her feelings on this occasion. She re- plied that she recollected this only : that hap- pening to look up, and perceiving the teacher's arm-chair to be vacant,'she had thought to her- self, " I wish she had not gone away : these girls will be sure to be idling their time and getting into some mischief." ? This phenomenon continued, under various modifications,, throughout the whole time that Mademoiselle S igóe retained her situation at Neuwekke s that is throughout a portion of the years 1845, and 1810 ; and, in all, for about a year and a half ; at intervals, however, some- times' intermitting' for a week, sometimes for several weeks at a time. It seemed chiefly to present itself .on occasions when .the lady was very earnest or cager in what she was about. lt was uniformly remarked that the moro dis- tinct and material to the sight the double was, the more stiff and languid was the living per- son; and in proportion as the double faded did the real individual resume her power?. ? 'She herself, however, was totally unconscious of the phenomenon : she had first become aware of it, only from thc report of others ; and she usually, detected it by the looks of-the per sons'present. She never herself saw.the ap- pearance, norseemed to notice the species of .rigid apathy' which crept over her at the times it was seen by others. . . ? 'During ¿he eighteen months throughout which my informant had an opportunity of wit ness'ng this pb'onomonon, and of hearing of it through others, no example came to her know- ledge of tho appearanco, of tho figure at any considerable distance-as of several miles from the real person. Sometimes it appeared, but not far off, during thoir walks in the neigh- bourhood ; more frequently, however, within doors. .Every servant in the house hal seen it. It was, apparently, perceptible to all pcr persons, without distinction of age or sex. It will be readily supposed that so. extraordi- nary a phenornonon could not continue to shew itself, for more than a year, in such an institu- tion without injury to its prosperity. In point of .'fact, as soon as it was .completely proved, hy the double a'ppoáranco of Mademoiselle Sagoa before the class, and afterwards before the whole school,-that there was no imagination in the case, the matter began to reach the ears of the parents. Some of the moro timid among the girls, also, became much excited, and evinced great alarm whenever they happened to witness so strange and inexplicable a thing. . Tho natural result was that their pa- rents began to scruple about leaving them under such an influence. One after another; as Jhey went home for tho holidays, failed to retarn ; and though the true reason was not as- signed to the. directors, they knew, it well. Being strictly upright and conscientious men, howercr.iand. very, unwilling that a well-con- ducted, diligen', and competent teacher should lose her position on account of a peculiarity that was' entirely beyond/,.her control-a mis- fortune, not a fault-they persevered, in retain- ing her, until, .at tho end of eighteen.months, the riumrer of-pupils had decreased from forty two to twelve..'. It,then became;'apparent that either the teácner br the' institution must be sacrificed; and, with much reluctance, and mnny.exprassions of regret on the part of those to whom her amiable qualities had endeared her, Madem is'elle Sagéo was dismissed. The poor girl was in despair. '?' Ah !'. (Ma- demoiselle de Guldenstubbe heard her exclaim, ,scon after the decision reached her), " Ah ! tho , nineteenth time! ' it is' vèryi very hard to bear!"- When a-ked- what she meant by such an exclamation, sho reluctantly con fessed that previous tb her engagement at Neuwelcke she had been teacher in the eighteen different'schools, having "entered the first when only sixteen years of age, and that, on account . bf the strange abd alarming phenomenon which attached tpjher, jähejradJos!,"after & compara-, . tively brief sojourn, ope, situation after another. As, however, her:employcrs were in every other respect well satisfied withhér, sh3 obtained in each case favourable testimonials as to her con- duct and abilities. Dependent .'entirely on her labour for support, the. poor, girl had boen com- pelled to avail herself of these in search of a livelihood, in places" whero tho cause of her dis- missal was not, tn own ;even, 'though she felt assured, rt >m ¡ exp3rie.ñio,-,jthat ",'a few . months could not fail again to disclose it.- . After she Kt' Neuwelcke,....she ;went to live,- 'for a time, Jin tho' neighbourhood, with a sister-in-law,' 'who .had, ; several quiet young children. Thither the peculi- arity pursued her. "Í Mademoiselle dc G-ulden Stubbe, going' to' see her.there, learned ihát the children of thríé or four years of, age.all knew of it; beiag.in_thi.habit-of- saying -that-iUhey saw two Aunt Emelie3.'* . » Subsequently she set out for the interior of Eussia, and Mademoiselle de Guldenstubbe lost sight of her entirely. _The lady was notable-todnform me whether- - th o phenomenon had shown itself during Mader moisello Sagce's infancy, or previous to her sixteenth year, nor whether, in the case of any of her family or of her ancestors, a similar pe cularity had appeared. J hud thc uhavta pa.rtiQU.tar* fcoTO M^darooJ selle. dé. Qaldeqstuhha hexjalf; apel sha kindly gave nae permission ta-publish, if, with every particular of name,. place, and date. She re- mained as pupil at Neuwelcke during the whole time that Mademoiselle.. Sagèa was teacher there.. -No one, therefore,-could haye had al better opportunity- of-observing-the case- ia- all jits details.' '; . ( ? . / ' , f . ' . ' l_ "We part with_Mjr. Owjen_and bis^interesting volume without any^c¥ange in pur convictions that the subject-matter tb which it is'devoted if. beyond the scope , of human knowledge in the present state of scientific development is not always destined to remain s but that when man shall have penetrated into the arcana of nature to the fall extent ,to which hts faculties will ¿nable him; the mystery which now shroud the subject will be in a great degree explained. We are, however, compelled to admit; that in spite, of the honesty and intelli- gence! with which the author has"pursued bis researches, the ," night-side . of nature" '. stiÍL remains covered with a thick, veil, which-no eye has been able to penetrate. ? . ? * 