THE Portland Guardian AND NORMANBY GENERAL ADVERTISER. Published every Monday, Wednesday, & Friday. To Protect our Rights-Not to Infringe upon those of Others. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1860. ADVENTURES AND OBSERVATIONS IN AUSTRALIA. BY ALISTER MACALISTER, GENT. CHAPTER XlX. Recollection-Infidelity- My appointment -Government--I take leave of Barney. I ENTERED upon my appointment with a sad but thankful spirit. How could I be otherwise than sad, when I reflected on the career of the Surgeon and its awful termination. Many years have passed, and his image life-like still occasionally obtrudes upon my vision, and I clasp the bleeding phantom and water it with my unavailing tears. He was indeed a very extraordinary person. I was not at the time of his death able, nor am I yet able fully to appreciate the intellectual cha racter of this man. That it was of the very highest order, I have not the shadow of a doubt. The clearness of his percep tion and the correctness of his judgment in relation to all ordinary things, appeared to be intimations or super-human intimations. His knowledge too, seemed to embrace almost every subject, and so far as I could judge, was not merely general, but precise and exact. It displayed not only much reading, but a ready and retentive memory. His manner was easy and accommodating. He was one of those rare men who can without effort suit themselves to all per sons and to all circumstances. Besides he was particularly handsome and good-look ing. His body was a fitting residence for no ordinary soul-a casquet every way worthy of containing a jewel of price. But alas! all these natural and acquired excellencies did not contribute to the happiness of the individual. One thing was wanting-religious principle. Love to God and love to man, without which, no child of Adam can taste the smallest drop from the chalice of true felicity, were unfelt. God was denied, and man des pised. His was a more strangely daring infatuation than that of Satan. Satan never denied God nor despised man. The devils believe and tremble, and the prince of the devils, beholding in the primal pair the likeness of the Divinity, did not look upon the creature as despicable, but as one of the most glorious works of the Almighty Maker, who had cast him forth as an un clean thing from the kingdom of His ex cellency; and therefore, he exerted his arch-angelic ingenuity and malignity to deface, and continued his efforts till he had succeeded in defacing, this likeness of the Holy One, and in imprinting in its stead, the dark and loathsome similitude of himself-the first and grand transgressor. But the great God who built up this magnificent universe, did not look upon man as despicable even when his own like ness was defaced, but determined the restoration of this likeness, which could only be effected by Divine power, and at an expense surpassing the worth of all worlds. Yes!. "the redemption of the soul is precious." "Ye are not redeemed with corruptible thinks such as silver and gold, but with the precious blood of Christ." "God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son that whoso everer believeth in him might not perish, but might have eternal life.'" The ines timable value of the human soul is attested in the incarnation of the Son of God, and is written in his blood upon the cross of Calvary. It is only the infidel who denies the being of God, who can think lightly of man. How miserable! how unutterably miserable! the condition of that sinning son of sinning Adam who deliberately shuts out the light of heaven, and stum bles on in darkness, proclaimng, "There is no God. The bible is a lie!" Poor fool! how fearful his awakening when compelled to admit, that there was light, but that he preferred the darkness to the light-when compelled to admit that there is a God, and that the bible is no lie. How awful his position as he stands before that dread tribunal from which shall be apportioned in righteousness- everlasting weal and everlasting woe! But whilst condemning the monstrous folly and mad ness of the open infidel, it were well if professing Christians more frequently asked themselves, "Are we chargeable with practical infidelity ?" " By grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God." True. But, "faith if it hath not works, is dead being alone." Can you say therefore, "Shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew you my faith by my works. Our work -our active and cheerful obedi ence to the will of God as made known in the Holy Scriptures is the plainest and surest evidence of our being in possession of that faith which alone saves-of that faith "which worketh by love and over cometh the world." Hence we can readily recognise the propriety of that complaint of the God-man Redeemer. " Why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say." The true faith of the Gos pel then, is a principle naturally and neces sarily leading to a respect for, and a submission to, all the commandments. Genuine believers therefore, are a people distinct and separate from the world. Their distinct and separate character is represented as abundantly obvious, and is illustrated by such figures as "a lighted candle which gives light to all in a house," and "a city set on a hill which cannot be hid." In a word, they are "a peculiar people, an holy nation," insomuch that those who are without, in observing their daily walk and conversation, cannot fail to "take knowledge of them that they have been with Jesus." Not that the best of them, realise here, the perfection for which they long, and to which they are destined; but the general tenor of their lives is a continued and palpable, though silent con demnatior of "a world lying in wicked ness." I entered upon the duties of my appoint ment with lively thankfulness, and prayer fully resolved to fulfil them with the strictest fidelity. I had lived upwards of nineteen years, and concluded I had learned much, but I had gained more practical knowledge of the world in a week than I had acquired during the whole of my pre vious life. I had always since I can re- member, had a respect for the religion of the bible, but now its paramount claims presented themselves with a force which I had never before experienced, and I found myself frequently repeating these awfully admonitary words, "What is a man pro fited if he should gain the whole world and lose his own soul, or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?" How could I but be thankful to a gracious providence, who having gently proved to me my weak- ness, that I might be afterwards less con- fident and more guarded, opened for me to the moment of my greatest need an honourable situation ? And how could I better evidence the reality of my gratitude, than by reading aright that terrible lesson which He had afforded. "The way of transgressors is hard," and determining, as I did, to regulate the future of my life by his law. My duties were comparatively light, but the situation was one of trust. I had to receive and account for considerable sums of money. When I entered upon my ap pointment, I had to be instructed by a young man a year or two older than my self, who on a salary of one hundred and fifty a-year, was to be my permanent assistant and subordinate. He had been three years in the Government service, and did not hesitate to complain, and I must say with some shrew of reason that I, his junior in age, and altogether inexperienced, should be placed over his head. How ever, he consoled himself with the reflec tion that his case was not singular, and that fitness for the public service was about the last thing considered in making an appointment. I confess, from my subse quent knowledge, that there was by far too much truth in his strictures. Superior appointments were not unfrequently given to new men who were utterly un qualified to fill them with any measure of efficiency, whilst old and tried servants were in many instances entirely neglected. So common indeed was this procedure that it excited no surprise and little remark. The aggrieved was not an individual, but numbers. They might indulge their murmurings in private, or in the company of each other, but they were not permitted to appear in the newspapers unless they were prepared to pay the penalty of dis comfort or dismissal. I believe that this disgraceful state of things is to a small extent reformed ; but it is perfectly notorious that there is still large room for improvement. It was not long till I was fully compet ent to the discharge of my simple and easy duties. I had to give a lengthend attend ance, and I at first regretted that I had so little employment to occupy my time, but it is astonishing how soon I acquired the art of trifling, and got to be in love with idleness. I did what was expected of me faithfully; but I became a very official, and the little I had to do was felt to be an intolerable burden which I would willingly have dispensed with to be "a gentleman quite at his ease." The rapid increase of population, the extension of trade and commerce, the discovery of the gold-fields, the in auguration of railways, and a variety of other causes have contributed to swell immediately the number of the Government staff beyond, that which existed at the time of which I speak. But whilst absolute necessity demanded a very large augmentation, respect was not had to merely meeting the necessity, but opportunity was afforded, and taken, for multiplication of useless and expensive officers. To such an extent has this system been carried out, that the Govern ment of Victoria in proportion to its population, is, at this moment by far the most costly and extravagant Government upon the face of the earth. What is now imperatively demanded is, the simplification of business, the abolition of useless offices, and the consolidation of useful offices where this can be conveniently accomplished. I would not appoint our officials to hard labour. This were cruel and unreasonable. But I would appoint them to work-to a rate of work corres ponding to that performed by the clerks in respectable mercantile houses. This were kindness and wisdom. And having a class of working men, I would not grudge to pay them handsomely-to give them a considerably higher price for their services than they could obtain for like services elsewhere, that Government work might be esteemed, honorable, and, that Government might command in the market the selection of the most intelligent and suitable servants. By honestly pursuing the course indicated, who can question that the affairs of the country would be conducted at less than half the present expense, and with much more efficiency. After a long search I obtained com fortable lodgings-a parlour and sitting room, in the house of a widow lady in Russel-street. When I went to remove my few effects from the pig and gridiron to my new quarters, Barney expressed the deepest regret at my leaving him. "Arrah now and its your own swate silf I'm so sorry for, sure its as big a day of grief to me as when my ould father died-God rest his soul, Amen. To think that so simple and innocent a boy should lave his frinds and go away among strangers to be robbed and murthered. O bone! but I'm kilt and crying at it." - "Well Barney" I said "after what has happened in this house I could not possibly remain in it longer. Besides now I am a Government officer and have a character for respectability to maintain, and it is every way desirable that I should reside in private lodgings. I thank you for the concern which you profess to feel for my safety, but if I have neither been robbed nor murdered in the pig and gridiron, I think I run a pretty fair chance of escaping these evils in any house whatever." "You are pleased to be witty Mr. Macalister. What the sorra worse is the house for what has happened ? Sure you are not a-feared of the doctor's ghost? And does'nt the corn and the whate and the purtatoes grow better crops where ten thoustnd men have been kilt, than on the poor ipace where never a pistol was shot?" "Nobody but a murderer need fear ghosts Barney; but there are thoughts and feeling suggested to most minds by the scene of a murder which you do not seem to understand and therefore cannot be expected to appreciate, they are however, such as would prevent the great majority of men from willingly remaining and sleeping upon the accursed spot where the tragedy of Cain has been repeated. I did not know before Barney, that you were poetical, but like not a few of our modern poets, you are so sublimely imaginative, that I cannot pretend to com prehend you." "Och thin, but you are the dull boy with the fine words, and thoughts and failings that bate Banochar. And you don't know that I have had double the customers since the killing than for three months before that same blessed time; and is'nt it oncommon natarel ? Don't the ould and the young thravel far to say holy and quara places? Don't thousands of praying pilgrims go from the inds of the earth to bid good day to his Holiness, to the holy coat of Traves, and the virgin mother of Loretta? And don't thousands of pilgrims that won't pray, and O the haythens! can't repate an ave or a pater noster, go to examinate where black Jack cut the throat of the white woman and ate up the two babies ? So you percaeve its natarel to visit holy and quare places, and thravelling is dry and where a dacent public-house is handy, the landlord is the fortunate boy, and rapes an oncommon good harvest." "I think Barney, I understand you. But your many visitors come out of a silly and morbid curiosity. They make you only a flying call; nod not one of the lot would be willing to tarry with you over the night. It would be ridiculous in me to be sorny that the late fearful event should tend to your present pecuniary benefit, but Barney tbis prosperity cannot last, and you ought to be preparing for a different state of things. You know that the Coroner has declared, that he will prevent your license from being renewed." "Kape yoursilf aisy my dear. I shall find a frind or two on the licensing bench, and may laugh at the crusty ould woman of a Coroner, who had the impidence to praech to me as if he were a parson or the praest himsilf, and sure he was'nt paid for that same." "But Barney I am afraid it will go hard with you. And I say this because I really wish you well, and that you may begin to think how you may best em ploy yourself when you are turned out of the house." "Turned out of the house did you say ?" "Yes, I think it exceedingly probable. Indeed I have not the slightest doubt on the subject." Arrah! thin, but you are the swate young man to say so. You are like Mickie O'Donel who ran ten miles in an hour, that he might be the first to have the pleasure of telling Terrace McGuire that the vessel had foundered in which he had sint his pigs to the Dublin market. "You surely do not suppose I wish to say anything unpleasant. I have ventured to speak as I thought necessary in the cir cumstances."' "Yes, as the hangman of Ballinasloe, did when he said to the thief, "'Don't bother yoursilf so much about it my jewel, its only a rope; and if you don't do the thing quick and nately, the bacon will be burnt to a cinder, and my angel Judy will be more ready to use tongs than tongue." "I hope Barney you believe that I wish you well.'" "True for you, but I have more hope in lawyer Crank, who has promised to make a beautiful case of it for five pounds. As he is always like the most desarving, a needy gintleman, I have paid him one half already, two pounds in sovereigns, and ten shillings in nobblers." I have already stated that Barney, as might have been expected, lost his license. 