€|t 'BMhj .CJpirfe ADELAIDE, SATDBDAT, NOVEMBER 17. 1860. Ok Thubsdat evening, Novembers, tlie memo rial of fourteen members of die legal profession, intended for presentation to Herifflajesty against the Seal Property Act, was officially published in the Government Gazette, and, nest- morning, in the daily papers of Adelaide. We were pur selves most unwilling to let one day pass with out placing a document of so much importance before our readers ; but as Friday, the 9th inst., was a general holiday, we felt that newspapers would be but little read, and that this deeply interesting memorial would escape the notice of very many persons. Believing that such was the case, we this day republish the document in question, and avail ourselves of the opportunity to offer two or three words of comment. ? Tn the first place, we would remark that this memorial has not emanated from the lawyers as a body, but is subscribed by only 25 percent. «f * the total number, many of the most experiencfed and most eminent members' of the -bar. having stood aloof from the movement. In. the next : place it must be borne in mind that the lawyers who oppose this Bill are all conveyancers, and as such are directly and pecuniarly 'interested in the endeavor to destroy public confidence in the provisions of the Heal Property Act, and to im pede its working. By means of that Act half the conveyancing business of the colony has passed out of the hands of the lawyers into tiie Regis tration Office, to the immense advantage of the public, but of course to the diminution- of the profits of the lawyers. Sine ilia lachrytnce? The opposition of the lawyers to this mea sure is, therefore, one which (if success ful) would tend to re-impose upon the people of South. Australia a heavy burden, for ; the benefit and enrichment of a particular class. 'Whatever may be the cogency of the arguments used by the memorialists, it is important to. bear in mind that their attacks upon the Real Pro perty Act are essentially a defence of their own private practice, which under the operation of that Act threatens in a very short time to be a reminiscence of the past. Thi3 fact -may, in deed, furnish a very natural explanation of pro fessional hostility; but unless public interests are to be sacrificed to the interests of a class, it is a fact which ought not to be disregarded by Her Majesty's Advisers. A memorial from stage-coach proprietors against railways, or from one rival body of tradesmen against another, might indeed contain some show of reason, some little logic, some admitted facts ; but such a memorial would be essentially one-sided and manifestly unfair, and would doubtless lie thus regarded. la like manner is the petition of the lawyers exparte, one-sided, and insidious. The manner ur-whieh this memorial was pre pared is also worthy of note.; The whole move ment was carefully kept back un*^ Parliament 1iad risen, so that no opportunity was- afforded the representatives of the people to discuss the question, or to consider the nature of, the objec tions raised. It was also 'withheld from His Excellency until just prior to the making up of the last homeward mail, when, at the eleventh hour, and without His Excellency being afforded any opportunity of studying it, he was requested to transmit it to Her Majesty. Notwiths'and ing the usual vigilance of the press, and the sensitive jealousy of Mr- Torrehs himself wjth. regard to his Act, no means existed of informing the public of the stealthy movement being con ducted to their prejudice. In fact, had it not been for the caution of the Governor in refusing to transmit to Her Majesty a document that he had not well considered1, this breeches- pocket: memorial would have gone home without any contrary expression of opinion on the part of fhe people of South. Australia. That the: fourteen subscribers of %e memorial should have been afraid to subject their manifesto to fair and open criticism we can readily, understand ; but we do not understand, how thej could hope to carry their point with Her Majesty's Advisers contrary to the wishes of the Parliament and the people of this province. We now turn to the memorial itself, the pleadings of which cqver'nmeh wider ground than the prayer. The memorialists pray that Her Majesty would refer the Heal Property Bill last passed to the law officers of the Crown for their opinion upon the points raised against it, or that Her Majesty should altogether ^dis allow it. But whilst their prayer has reference to the Bill last passed, and to that only, the greater portion of their reasoning applies ex clusively to the two former Bills, now repealed. Conscious of the weakness of their case, as against .the new Bill, they artfully bring- forward all possible objections against .the old Bills, not withstanding most of those objections have been removed by the provisions of the amending and \- consolidating Act. But rt importe, objections must be had, and therefore every discoverable fault in two Bills is dragged into prominence to give UT'Teiiey to the prayer that a third (passed to correct the faults of the former two) shonld be itself rejected ! The memorialists take two kinds of objection, one constitutional, or quasi-constitutional ; the other merely critical. And it is not a little curious that the principle of these ' constitu tional ' objections very neatly and cleverly cut each other's throats. Going back to the first Seal Property Act, it is condemned on the ground that as the general revenue was made responsible, in case the assurance fund -should fail, it was necessary, under clause 40 of the Constitution Actj that such appropriation of the revenue should have been first recommended by His Excellency the Governor. This, however, was not done, and consequently the memorialists condemn the Bill as inconsistent with clause 4Q of the Constitution Act. To remove this objec tion the last Bill, also containing this contingent appropriation of revenue, was sent down with a recommendatory message by the Governor, and the memorialists say that this, too, is un constitutional, because it was not ' originated ' in the House of Assembly, as required by. the first section of the Constitution Act. That is to say, the first Bill was uneonstitional 'because the Governor did not ' recommend' it, and the last was unconstitutional because he did. The first was wrong because it originated in the House oi Assembly, without the recommendation of 'the Governor; the last was^ wrong,, because it originated in the House of Assembly, through the exercise of the prerogativje of His Excellency. Certainly between such legal hair-splitting it is hard to give satisfaction. We contend that at .all events the spirit of the Gonstitatioa Act has been essentially preserved in :jbi £-rms pursued witliTsgird to the last ^LciM/isent down by HU Excellency, covered bya message of recom jriendatipn, and as introduced W&e; House of Assembly k undoubtedly meets all the require ments of the Constitution A^as:fesp#cTs Money Bills, supposing it to be a Bill of that class, of ] which, we stand in doubt. ? ? 'i Another constitutional objection is, that the i last Bill repeals, in general terms, all laws and s statutes inconsistent witji its .operation, instead - of specifying the particular Acts and clauses re- 3 pealed, as required in' the' Imperial Act and by i the Governor's instructions. In answer to this, we would say that it must be presumed that , neither the Imperial Act conferring constitu tional privileges on this' colony,' nor His Excel lency's official instructions, are to be so rigidly and techmcally construed that we are to be called upon to perform literal impossibilities, and we say, and challenge contradiction, that to specify every clause of every statute from the time of .William the Conqueror downwards, that might by possibility affeot the tenure of property held under the Heal Property Act, is & literal impos Ability. ; It neyercould be done; the fourteen lawyers themselves could not do it, the Judges on the Bench could not do it, all the lawyers of South Australia could not do it, Messrs. Hayes and Thrupp could not do it, nor could the Bar of England do it. And seeing that compliance is impossible, we presume it will not be demanded. At all events/ what the lawyers 'now require in this behalf has not by them been insisted upon, on former occasions. Not only do English Acts, but many South Australian Acts, contain clauses' affirming .certain principles, and, in general terms, repealing opposing clauses in the - well known phraseology — '.Ail Acts, statutes, ordi-! nances, and customs, to the contrary notwith standing.' These ire t^e principai 7', constitu tional' objections urged against the RealiPro perty -Act — two . contradictions, and = one absurdity ! ; ' . ' ' \s ' The memorialists also urge a variety of critical objections,— not constitutional ones, but merely such as they might have embodied in a memorial to our own- Legislature. These objections ought never to have been included in a petition to. the -Queen, because they relate to questions of colonial expediency or inexpediency merely, — : not involving our sphere of legislation or powers to frame and pass laws at all. Such, for example,, that: the Lands Titles Commissioners are not professional men, that the Registrar-General has excessive powers, that the Ajft abolishes the simple deposit of title deeds- as equitable mort gages, and so on. It will not, we presume, even by - the : fourteen memorialists, be alleged that these enactments are *' -ultra vires', s anjf that the Lsgislature ;aas exceeded its functions in these provisions, and that they, too, are '^a- coustitutional.' This will not be alleged ; and we, therefore, submit that the' memorialists, are degrading, the legislative authority of this colony, ' as vested in the people by the. QqLeen, when, they carry to ilhefoofc of the throne representa tions which they, ought to have laid in the usual way before the House . of Assembly and the Legislative Council of the province. But we' look upon all this as make-weight. They exhume the buried faults of ? the superseded Bills in order to cast odium upon the third ; and they mix - up local matters -with imperial: questions, in order that the Home Government may reject a Bill, not solely upon grounds which that Government might take cognisance of, but upon grounds of which the Parliament of this province, and that Parliament only, is empowered to judge. The memorial contains many other points .to which we could willingly advert, but tiie intelli gent reader will :' make a note of ' them him self. - We cannot, however, pass over the ex pression of dread : with which the memorial closes, that if the present system of conveying real property is maintained, much 'litigation'* will be the result. If, however, the people are wilting to. take their chance of that, we do not expect to see the legal profession rebellious. If the public will have lawsuits, the lawyers will have fees ; and if the Seal Property Act is the wretched abortion some think, no better penalty could fall on the people who insist on having: it, and xio more : appropriate compensation could await the lawyers, who will then gain in one pocket what they have lost out of the other. We do not, hdwever, believe that there will be a. harvest of lawsuits ; neither do the lawyers. There have not been many as' yet/ though no stone has been left unturned to occa sion them ; and if a stray brief or two should be the result of Torrens's Act, let it be remem- ' bered how very many more briefs have resulted from the former, system. i If the present Seal Property Act is. not perfect, we must have another ; if four Acts do not consummate the movement, we must have five. This is ' an age~6f progress ;' we may possibly advance to ten or a dozen Acts, each better than its prede cessor. Even then we should scarcely rival the number of Acts which the lawyers themselves have framed for the administration of justice in the Supreme Court, for regulating proceedings in insolvency, and for many other purposes. We are not Tto. be frightened by the cry of 'third and last time.' It is not- the Real Property Act that is ' going, going,' but some of the ^conveyancers, whose occupation — now going — will 'ere long be like Othello's — 'gone 1' On a recent occasion' we offered a few remarks upon the present educational controversy, our object being to show that the determined resolu tion of the community against State aid to reli gion would render, useless any and every attempt, to establish State-supported denominational schools. We pointed out that this deeply rooted public sentiment was fatal to the hopes of those: Roman Catholics who now demand a separate portion of the educational grant. We also showed that the hostility of the public to the new demand of the Roman Catholics was not directed against that section of. the community on national grounds, nor on political grounds, but simply on denominational grounds — that the Protestant teacher did not teach denominational' tenets, but that the Roman Catholic teacher would teach denominational tenets-; or, at least, that such was the necessary inference to be drawn from the arguments of those Catholics who now demand a portion of the vote for edu cation on the express plea that Roman Catholic youth should be brought up in the principles of the Roman Catholic religion. At the same time we maintained the -right of the Catholic popula tion to use all lawful means to accomplish their object, and we censured the arrogance of those who say that because Romanism is dominant in foreign states, so Protestantism shonld be here ; that because Protestants are bound to submit where Romanists are in the majority, therefore Romanists should submit here, where Protes tants are in the majority. lii our exposition of these views we remarked that there seemed' no means by which Roman Catholics and Protestants in this country could equally and satisfaetorily participate in the vote for education, except by Government schools being made purely secular, and we referred to the strong feeling evinced by members of the Pre ceptors' Association against secular schools. We now proceed to submit a few observations on this question. We begin by remarking that it is a vulgar error, or a narrow-minded prejudice, to suppose that secular schools are necessarily godless, irre ligious, or immoral. Even were the Bible with drawn from the list of schoolbooks, the same morals which the Bible inculcates would be in culcated by the teacher, who would also as steadily oppose all profanity, falsehood, cruelty, dishonesty, &c.; It is a gross perversion of the idea of secular education to represent it as ignoring Christian morals. The effect of Chris tianity upon the mind and heart of the teacher could not be lost ; a man is neither an infidel nor a heathen because he does not carry his Bible in his pocket. The Philosophical Society is a secular institution ; the Parliament of the land is a secular institution; but' though secular they are not profane, not atheistic, not irreligious; and neither would establishments founded for instructing the youth of the colony in secular arts and knowledge be irreligious institutions. One member of the Preceptors' Association argues that secularism is not 'education ;' that to educate means to develope and bring out all the powers and faculties of our humanity; and that if the religious element is not developed, education is only partly effected. Now we quite concur in the spirit of this reasoning, but we deny in toto its applicability to the question at issue. Secularism is not ' education,' it is said, and we admit it. But what if we say ' schooling ' is not education ? We hope we shall not offend those members of the Preceptors Association who, in their commendable zeal to distinguish between secular instruction and edu cation, seem to forget that schooling is not edu cation. An important part of it, it may be ; but, like secular instruction, schooling is only a portion of the great educational process through which infancy grows into youth, rises into ma- turity, and ripens into old age. Boys and girls are 'educated,'not only in the schoolroom, but in the domestic circle, in the playground, in the streets, at church and chapel. ' Schooling' is limited to a few hours daily for a few years at most ; but ' education' begins before school is thought of, and continues for many long years when pedagogues are forsaken and schooldays forgotten. Our present remarks are, however, more par ticularly applicable to day-schools, as distin guished from boarding-schools. A boarding school cannot be purely secular, because such in establishment is a home as well as a school, and the preceptor stands in loco parentis / he stands in relation of both master and -father to his scholars ; he is chargeable with them -in and out of- school hours--on the day that is conse crated to religion and rest, as well as on those days which, by the same authority, are granted for the secularities of life: But with respect to day-schools, we .say that no teacher within the* time at his disposal, can really ' educate' his pupils, taking that word in its most extended sense ; and it is surely not unreasonable to ask, why it should- wound the conscience. 'of a honest man to perform part of an important duty, the whole of which it is absolutely impossible for him-to fulfil ? Is reading irreligious? Is writing godless? Is arithmetic profane ? Is geography atheistic ? Are mathematics immoral ? If not, why should Schools established for the instruction of youth in these branches of knowledge be denounced as 'godless?' But, it is urged, this is only a por bion of education. We know it ; — 'but what of that? Have parents and guardians no duties to perform? Have clergymen and Sunday-school teachers no part to bear in the great educational process? -Suppose there were to be a division of Labor in this perpetual process ;— suppose school masters, attended to secular education,, and pa rents and ministers of religion to spiritual train ing, why should the result be unsatisfactory? We do not know that the fag and worry, the severity and formality of the school, are more favorable for the inculcation of religious tenets than are the affectionate solicitude of parental exhortation, or the solemn teachings of the Christian sanctuary. We are not aware that the formal reading of the Bible as a class-book is calculated to inspire youth with greater reve rence for its authority, or more profound love Tor its contents, than when it is read and ex plained by an anxious parent or by a faithful pastor. If that is necessarily irreligious which does not include distinctive religions instruction as part and parcel of itself, what irreligious men dancing-masters, drawing-masters, writing masters, and music-masters must be, who have always been accustomed' to give lessons, without introducing the Bible, or in any other way mixing up Scriptural instruction with the secular beaching they profess to impart? Aad what a profane establishment' the South Australian In stitute must be, where there is no attempt to in fluence by religions admonitions those who go there to carry on the great educational ^process of life ? In England the Parliamentary debates are opened by the Speaker offering prayer, and at the commencement of the session the members of both Houses attend (by a pleasant fiction) to hear a sermon. ' In this colony these obser vances are not followed, but is our Parliament a less religions assembly than that of England, or is our -community less Christian than that of the parent country ? Religious forms and ob servances may not be so intimately blended with our every day proceedings, but the people of South Australia are quite as exemplary in the discharge of ineur religious duties, and the spirit of Christianity is folly as well reflected in the ordinary avocations of life. And with re gard to our public schools, the question is not whether they shall 'be godly or godless, but whether the schoolmaster shall combine in him self clerical and preceptorial functions. We wish to be understood not as arguing, preferentially for secular schools ; but simply as defending them from the imputation, of godless ness and scepticism ; and as explaining how, in our judgment, the establishment of secular schools can alone admit all classes of colonists to a honest participation in the benefits of the public money. Such schools would give to neither Romanists nor Protestants all that is necessary for their children, but they would give an important part of what each class believes to be necessary, . and what neither class disapproves. There is no sectarianism in reading, writing, and arithmetic ; no denominationalism in Rule of Three. And it is very hard that such useful acquirements should be denounced as ungodly. So, likewise, we should take it as a great and undeserved slur upon the ministers of all denominations', and the hundreds of Sabbath-school teachers and tract distributors, if it were said that they could not or would not instruct the youth of the colony in things spiritual. We mean no reflection on the zeal and piety of the many excellent preceptors now engaged in conducting Government schools; but we must avow our belief that as sectarianism is not education, so the Scripture readings and devotional exercises of day schools are not re ligion, are not piety. But, as we said before, we write with regard to the actual circumstances of the community, which it is incumbent on us to consider, and not exactly as indicating what we should individually prefer. As to making the Bible a class-book, we know it cannot be done ; it is only portions of the sacred volume that the teacher allows his pupils to read ; no teacher would put his classes through an open reading of the whole book from Genesis to Revelations. It is not, therefore, the Bible that is read in schools, but only selected portions of it ; and, this being the case, we do not see why a class-book of Scripture extracts might not be prepared to which Jew and Christian, Protestant and Catholic, might sub scribe. Doubtless there is very much in the Bible to which all Christians and all Jews would give in their adherence ; and if it were not that each sect persists in striving to introduce its own distinctive tenets, a Scripture class-book might be compiled in which Jews, Catholics, and Protestants throughout South Australia, would concur. But, we fear, in our zeal for religion, so much of the forbearing and gentle spirit of religion cannot be anticipated. Religion will, therefore, continue to be the stumbling- block of enterprise, the obstacle, to co-operation, the bar to union in respect of the 99 things put of 100 that we all agree upon, because of the one point in 100 upon which we differ. / Lx is not TTNWKBLT that, during the summer, months, various rifle matches may be got up in this province, partly for the sake of practice in Bring, and partly for the purpose of social recre ation. As we must have occasional amusement af some kind, and as proficiency in rifle-shooting cannot be acquired without practice, we .think rolunteer pic-nics are well adapted to realize both objects ; but to arrange them so as to give eventual and general satisfaction some little attention to preliminary details is necessary. We find that in. .England rifle-matches are sommonly honored by the attendance of ladies, although, as the ladies are too far removed from the target to see the bullets strike it, and as they are usually so far removed from the company Bring as not to be able to distinguish one person from another, their situation for two, three, or four* hours, cannot be very animating. All they can hear is the ring of the lead upon the iron, the distant report of the rifle, with perhaps the whistling flight of the projectile ; and all they can see is the occasional elevation of the marker's nag, following upon a puff of smoke from the weapon of the fortunate marksman, though who he is, none of the ladies, unless furnished with telescopes, can make out. . Consequently, the fair sex must ordinarily pass some hours in mo notonous dulness; so tar, at all events,' as the match itself is the means of enjoyment. ; We should suggest, therefore, that bows, arrows, and targets to match, might '??-.bb.-- very well set-up in the^ vicinity of the jifle butt, when ladies vouchsafe : to gracte our military pic nics. It may be: said that the ladies -are -well enough able to entertain themselves, and it may be true; but for all that we must maintain that the gallantry of British volunteers, on occasions such as we now refer to, would be favourably exhibited if,; whilst providing for iheir'own amusement, they were likewise to provide for the entertainment of the. ladies during the two or three or four hours of unintennjtted firing. When a volunteer holiday-match is arranged, everything should be ready for action as soon as the company musters. It is annoying on reach ing the ground to find the. targets flat on their faces, or-jiot arranged for the distance to be first fired, or' not whitewashed, nor centered; nor bulls-eyed; and still more annoying if there is no whitewash, no paint, and no brush. An hour of valuable time -is often lost in getting through these preliminaries, and during this hour some grow impatient and -811011 - away, and many are annoyed and disgusted. The target.sh.onld.be properly prepared either by, some members of the company volunteering or ballotted- for the purpose, or l-y some one employed and paid. At all events the target should be ready when the men arrive on the ground, and the knowledge that it would be ready,- and that firing would commence sharply at ? the appointed time, would have the effect of inducing punctuality of attendance. Those who come late should absolutely forfeit their shots, down to the time of arrival ; for there ' is no induce ment to punctuality if late comers are actually privileged in -being permitted to shoot off their fall number of rounds in successive shots; having, perhaps, to stand under arms nptvhalf the time that the rest of the company have stood. The marker and also the scorer should be ap pointed beforehand, so that no, difficulty should arise at the moment of commencement, and we think it would be a good plan if the marker were to' 'have a register, and ,im .mediately after hoisting his flag, when ,a hit is made, enter the figure- on his register. Of course he would not enter misses, ^nor could he place hits against names. But al^ the hits he recorded would appear in regular series according to their value, the marker's register and the scorer's register mutually check ing each other. '''.'? No doubt patriotism is a great spur to volun teering, but competition is a great stimulus to patriotism ; and there is, perhapB, a teener com petition between members of the same; company than between one company and another. ? How to some extent this retards the improvement of the whole force.: If one company ^challenged another company, and an honorary prize or dis tinction was awarded to that company which made the highest average number of points per man, each company would- be naturally stimu lated to raise' every one of its members to the highest degree of proficiency— the competition between two companies thus,' by a direct knd natural influence, tending ,tc ? the; improvement of every man in both companies. But that Jdnd of competition which results from -tile publication of scores as made by the members' of one. and the same company, has not the same tendency. Accurate firing^s the result of a combination of circumstances, some of which may -be known to only a few members, who are thereby enabled to acquit: themselves to advantage, and. .who (whether they avail themselves of it- or not) are interested in -withholding: 'from others those - modes and conditions of firing by attending to which they have been able to preserve their own positions at the head of the scorers' list. Of course in competition each tries, to excel, and each uses all fair means in order, to excel ; the tendency of this, being that certain individuals in a company are superior to the others; that superiority being partly due to practice, partly to steadiness of aim, but partly to greater ' ac curacy, in testing sights, in preparing ammuni tion, and perhaps in mechanical alterations, in the weapon itself, whicharenot made known to all the members of the company, because individual competition operates differently from company competition. What is most to be desired is, a competition that shall pervade a whole corps; a competition that shall impel each member of a company instantly to communicate to every member of the corps any new idea that may have occurred to him, or any fresh information he may have received calculated to ensure greater accuracy in firing, and to- raise the average firing of a Company, as a whole. Who ever would devise a plan for giving the fullest effect to competition of this description, would best promote the great design of volunteer organisation, namely, the creation of a force of thoroughly skilful marksmen, who, whether pro ficient in military drill or not, could each make sure of his man at 500 yards, and at all distances be as reliable with his rifle as the regular soldier, albeit not his equal in military evolu tions and drill. . . It is, we suppose, inseparable from great cities and great states that their annals should chronicle great events— ^not great in the' aggre gation of many littles— but individually great, colossal, monstrous. Of late years this tendency has most remarkably developed itself. Monster fortunes, monster - benefactions, monster work* and undertakings, monster crimes, monster failures. Amongst the last-named, iiie great insolvency case of Streatfeild, Laurence, & Mor timore stares the mercantile world fairly out of countenance. The old adage says, 'There's nothing like leather,' and many unfortunate victims of these monster leather-sellers will be able to give a melancholy turn to that adage. This renowned firm has gone for a million ster: ling, or within a trifle, and the vaBt amount for which they have failed iB even less significant than the system upon rwbich they appear tpnare transacted business ; a system which is well illus itrated by'aa iu&clent-.ittlow; life, said to have once occurred at the London Docks. 'It is as follows :— A party of Irishmen walking along the quay, She wind blew one of their hats into the water, then some. 20 feet below the quay pavement. The astute wearer of the hat reflected for a moment how to recover his lost ' wide-awake,' and at length resolved to hang down the side of the dock-wall, grasping firmly a ring on the edge of it. One of Paddy's companions next slid down Paddy and firmly grasped his heels; a third then in like manner attached himself to the heels of the second. Paddy's hold began to relax under the increased weight dependent upon his wrists, and at last he shouted to his mates — 'Hould tight below while I spit in me hands.' Eaddy let go to 'spit in his iands,' and the next moment all three were in the water together. This illustrates exactly the position of Messrs. Streatfeild & Co., and the various leather sellers who were depending on them and who .fell with them. ? . ? ~ Mr. Commissioner Linklater, in examining one of the great insolvents, expressed himself very plainly with reference to the mode in which ?business had been conducted by the firm. As the sun is the centre of the solar system, so the firm of Streatfeild, Laurence, -fe Mortimore, was the centre of many lesser worlds of leather These were retained in their commercial orbits by the central power, which, in turn, was sup ported and influenced by its satellites. Patting -aside metaphor, 'Streatfeild & Co. had immense sums of money due to them ; so long as thess sums of money appeared in their books as available assets, the firm was solvent; but, written off, the firm would be insolvent. Many of Streatfeiid & Co.'s debtors were really in solvent, and the position of the principal firm was fearfully compromised by the position of the lesser houses. Now comes the crisis ; either Streatfeild -& Co. must find money to keep the ' smaller firms on their legs, or the smaller firms must go, and' with them the great house. Acting , on the gambler's motto 'double or quits,' Messrs. Streatfeild, Lau rence, & Mortimore advance money right and left, entering these advances as good debts, available assets, although they knew that the parties receiving-the assistance were insolvent at the time of receiving it, and that it was only, to' stave off the public declaration of insolvency that the money was lent. Commenting upon -these transactions, Mr. Commissioner Linklater says that such entries are not debts at all ; they are' only the ghosts and shadows of debts ; ocular delusions, faint resemblance's of. something going before, and being themselves without any real ?value or .actual hona fide- existence. Many of Messrs. Streatfeild's creditors are exceedingly indignant on finHi^g these items amongst the assets, and insist upon a distinction in which these entries shall be kept separate from entries of hona fide trading. There can be no doubt that such transactions as these are very common, although not usually revealed in such huge proportions as in the case now beforeus. We think, also, that there can be no question, as to the shadowy and unreal character of all such assets. If A sells goods to B for £20,000, and to save B from insolvency lends him £10,000, that £10,000 represents, in another form, half of the former £20,000 ; or as Mr. Linklater puts it, it is ''a reflection simply of the original substance which has produced it, and 'which is answerable for it.' The London Times has the following : — 'A bankrupt's accounts, at least the creditors' side of them, are a kind of mixture of terra firma and mirage, in which one half the debts which meet us are only created to save the other half. They are.tixe second thoughts of creditorship, mere .humble 'companions to first transactions; they are in spirit and intention diminutions of preceding debts, which only unhappily fail of that desirable object, and become augmentations of them—good money thrown after bad, or rather bad money thrown after worse. Such, is this ambiguous and nondescript, class of debts, which excites the natural displeasure of some of the creditors of Messrs. Laurence & Mortimore, who accordingly represent to the Conrt in Basinghall-street, with great care and discrimi nation, that these are not real debts, and that a 'distinction is to be drawn between the genuine article and these spurious representations of it. ' With respect to the fact itself, we all know very well that it is a prevailing practice in the commercial world to send money after money in tins way, So-and-so is in difficulties and must be assisted; that is the system which comes out in the disclosures just made in Basinghall-street in the case to which we are referring, and is determinately elicited and brought out in detail by. Mr. Linklater's cross-examination. The bank rupt admits case after case of it 'Mr. Herbert Smith told me that Payne & Clark were in difficulties, and said they must be assisted. I said we -ought to assist Payne & Clark - _Mr. Herbert Smith said Payne & Ckrkwouldstop unless assisted by them, and that they (Herbert Smith & Co.) would stop runless assisted by us.'. And if 'Herbert. Smith & Co.' stopped it would then go hard with Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurence, & Mortimore. The several links in the chain- are all connected together, and if the enemy is kept out at one end it is security to the other. * Herbert Smith said ' You shall not lose a shilling by me.' That is to be the ultimate effect of this 'train of supports — Payne and Clark leaning on Herbert Smith & Co., and Herbert Smith & Co. on Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore. All this is in the face of posi tive insolvency, believed at the time to be the condition of the .' assisted ' party : — ' I believed Herbert Smith & Co. to be insolvent apart from the mine. . ... ... I did not know the amount of liability of Payne aid Clark to Herbert Smith. I do not know that I have inquired. I was satisfied with Her bert Smith's assurance that we should not lose a shilling by him.' The bankrupts themselves have the benefit of the same system when their own case becctoes imminent. ' I went to Mr. Chapman's private residence and said that we could not get on, and that we should require some assistance. He said — ' Oh ! you must not stop.' A sum of £20,000 was lent immediately to prevent this dire necessity, with a prospect of more ; but, even when this £20,000 is got, £2,000 of it forthwith goes to prevent Herbert Smith and Co. 'stopping.' ' ' Herbert Smith asked for the £2,000 ; that was the reason of my paying it to him. ' ? Mr. Linklater — Did you or did you not give it to him to prevent his stopping ? ' ' The Bankrupt— I gave it to him to provide for bills of his falling due on the following day. ' ' Mr. Linklater — Answer my question. Yes orNoP ' 'The Bankrupt — I gave it to him to prevent his stopping.' . ' And so the case goes on. ' Smith, Patien and Smith ' are another creditor. ' In March or April I did not think I should lose £100,000 by Smith & Patient— perhapB £30,000 or £40,000. I still continued discounting their bills— perhaps to the amount of one-third of their debt to us.' Thus, the debt of this firm to the bankrupt firm grows from £60,000 to £120,000 within the space of a few months of the bankruptcy— all, of course, allowet to be contracted on the principle that they could not afford to stop this accumulation of debt ; for what; then, would become of ' Smith, Patient, and Co. P' It is obvious that any continuation of dealings on the part of one firm with another known to be in a slippery condition is of the nature of a loan for the purpose of preventing ?stoppage.* 'Rider did a large trade in the United States, and in order to be able to get goods on the best terms we gave him our accep tances. We did not often look into the account ; we thought it always safe.' A debt of £28,0l(X- thus figures in the bankrupts', balance-sheet as due from Eider, on the ground of these accom modation acceptances; 'whereas,* says Mr. Linklater, ' thisia obviously a .mere sham debt. As a matter of book-keeping, and for the sake of convenience, the bankrupts might debit Rider with their ' acceptances at the time .they^ were given;' but when the account was dealt with in Court, these acceptances could not posBibly figure,. as a debt, because they had only been a Tiabin% 'Contracted, and. never- so much actual money lent to another party.' , The 2$mfs, however, no sooner ends itsiexpose of this description of mercantile 7iocus-pocus ; than it enters a plea of abatement in favor of the ; the system denounced: The following is deserving j of .attention : — , ' ' When a number of debts which are put i down turn out to be on examination paper debts, i it is, of course, a great disappointment to the ( creditors, but, as the creditors cannot possibly . get more than the bankrupt has, they are de prived of nothing by such misrepresentation, for s they would not have got more by less appearing t in the balance-sheet. If there is any suspicion, ] indeed, that such overstatement is a bund to cover £ the omission of some real property which ought to. appear in the assets, it is highly proper that * the discovery should act as a stimulus to a 1 stricter examination of his affairs. But, other- 1 wise, the mere describing certain debts as real t debts which are only the fictitious creation of a - highly artificial system of trade, does no i creditor any pecuniary harm. * * * You cannot deny altogether the right of a man 3 in trade to speculate with his money, and if he - thinks that by keeping up a tottering debtor by : additional support he will ultimately get back the whole of the increased debt, whereas he is ? certain not to be paid the existing debt if he lets , him fall, this is a speculation which stands on much the same ground as other kinds of- specu- lation. Nor can we wholly omit the claims of mercantile friendship, which sometimes not un naturally arise when firms have long dealt with each other. This is a question, then, that can not be decided by any summary dictum. In the present highly artificial state of trade especially it would be impossible to lay down any stringent rule. It is evident that the interests of different firms are so often intertwined now that mutual assistance, has become, to a certain extent, almost a law of trade.' Plausible as the above argument is, we con sider it essentially unsound and highly dangerous. If a man, knowing himself to be insolvent, acts illegally in making away with his property, we do not see why another man should be allowed, when solvent, to make himself insolvent that he may keep some one else from insolvency. By the course adopted by Streatfeild & Co., they — in effect— substituted for their previously good credit, the rotten^ credit of Herbert Smith, Payne, Clark, and Rider. The money that would have kept Streatfeild, Laurence, & Mortimore solvent went to save the tottering firms from insolvency, although it could not save them after all. As to the claims of ' mercantile - friendship,' it will be a bad thing for trade if it is carried to such lengths as to ruin the wealthiest houses in the vain effort to bolster up falling, ones ; the vessel that relieves a sinking ship does so no longer than self-preservation, the first law of nature, allows. No doubt we have a ' highly artificial' state of trade, but this is precisely what con duces to such ruinous results ; and if ' the law of trade' receives its elucidation in such collapses' as those now adverted to, the sooner that law is repealed the better. The commercial writer in the Daily News has the following comments on the article in the THrnes ; — 'Now,; with all deference to the Times, we cannot help seeing something very dangerous in this doctrine — something demanding a protest. Let the terms upon which one trader may help another be by afl means clearly denned. Can a man have better guidance upon the point, how ever, than that afforded by his own conscience ? If he contrive, by giving ' additional support ' to ' a tottering debtor,' to ' get back the whole of the increased debt,' and if his own security be purchased at the cost of other people, upon whom the ' tottering debtor ' ultimately falls, we think his conduct ought to be stigmatised as disgraceful, since he simply shifts the loss from his own shoulders to those of others, who are not so well-informed as himself. Regarded from a moral point of view, he lends himself to a con spiracy to extricate himself from difficulty by dragging others into it. It behoves every fair dealing trader, therefore, when he is appealed to to grant a special measure of assistance, to insist upon receiving full details as to his debtor's position. If there be a reasonable prospect of the concern being retrieved, it is at once a prndent and a kind- hearted action to grant assistance; but, if the case be hopeless, the debtor ought to be forced to stop at once, in stead of being encouraged to increase the number of his victims. Andin all eases involving clearly a violation of these plain honest principles, the commercial community ought to protect them Belves by branding both the conspirators.'_____ The deliverance of Italy from Royal tyranny is an event that may well arrest the attention and arouse the enthusiasm of Europe ; but should Pio -Nono be driven from the See of St. Peter, a more, profound sensation would be ex- cited than the abdication of Little Bomba could produce. The flight of the Pope would en- kindle every element of religious excitement, would arouse the regretful sorrows of Catholics, and the exultant gratulations of ultraProtes tants. In itself an event of vast political signi- ficance, the vacating of the Pontifical Chair would superadd spiritual to political ideas, and would vibrate from the heart to the extremities of Christendom. Yet, at the date of our last advices, the fate of the Holy Father seemed trembling in the balance, and it would be hazardous to venture an opinion as to whether the Supreme Head of Roman Catholic Christen dom is now an exile, a prisoner, or a potentate. As events are now unfolding, two or three points seem to be pretty clearly eliminated. The first is that the Pope cannot defend himself. The second is that the Great Catholic Powers will only lend him contingent and conditional aid. The third is that whilst his foes are drawing closer and closer round the seat of his authority, his advisers, infatuated as ever, counsel him to ex- treme and suicidal measures. Roman Catholi- cism presents the unhappy spectacle of a house divided against itself; the political chiefs and the spiritual leaders of that section of the Chris- tian world are not in accord. The spiritual does not vindicate the political ;#the political does not defend the spiritual. There is fatal misunder- standing where there ought to be the closest union ; there is deep mistrust where perfect con- fidence should reign. And whilst the fabric of the Roman Church ia thus disintegrated, its political. enemies and its spiritual rivals are watching and waiting the catastrophe. For years past the Pope has been upheld in the citadel of his own dominions solely by foreign aid. He has for years owed his official existence principally to French bayonets. Of late, however, the support thus rendered has been'associated with conditions and accompanied by 'advice' of a nature extremely unpalatable to the Vatican, and efforts have been made to surround His Holiness with a bodyguard, which, whilst equally zealous Catholics with the French, and equally valorous as defenders, ' would be less disposed to question the acts of the Pope, and less bold to obtrude their own suggestions. The ' Irish Brigade ' was, there- fore, specially organised to be to the Pope what the Old Imperial Guard was to the First Napoleon. But a great mistake was made at the outset -. the very conception of the idea was false. The temperament of the Milesian never fitted and could not fit h™ for the discipline of the Papal army. If the Irish and Roman soldiers were not '? alien in religion,' they were in every thing else. There was no common bond of sympathy, no common ground of fraternization, no common reminiscences. The natural result followed ; Lamoriciere did not like the Irish, and the Irish had no confidence in Lamoriciere. The volunteer defenders of the Pope were ill-fed, ill-paid, ill-lodged, ill-cared for. The esprit de corps wee lost, and as they ceased to be an element of strength they became an incubus and a trouble. Many returned to Ireland, and there spread the tale of their disappointment, whilst those who remained were not in a position to aid the cause 'they went forth to champion. A telegram from Italy says that six hundred of the Pope's Irish troops were taken prisoners at Spoleto. The London limes thereupon pens a scornful and sarcastic article. The great journal says that the Pope's army is an army of 'mercenaries.' It says that 'the Irish of whom this telegram speaks are the Irish heroes who went forth, inflamed by religious zeal, to champion the rights of their Holy Father, and to trample out the discontent of his rebel subjects. These heroes were a mixture of the swashbuckler and the saint. They were fighting Irishmen, eager to cut the throats of Italians ; and pious Irishmen hoping for heaven arid good pay for their pains.' After some further remarks of the same kind, the Times proceeds to launch the barbed arrows of its sarcasm against these 600, who surrendered without fighting, 'and were taken in a trap, huddled together like so many of their own pigs.' It is then recommended that Mr. Smith O'Brien's immortal cabbage garden should be purchased as an appropriate site on which to erect a monument to the memory of the 600. As, however, we have printed the article elsewhere, we need not further refer to it here ; but in justice to the parties so mercilessly asailed, give the defence of the Irish Brigade as set up by an eminent Roman Catholic, Mr. Bowyer, and also pub- lished in the Times. In allusion to the article to which we have adverted, Mr. Bowyer thus writes : — TO THE EDITOR OF THE ' TIMES.' ' Sir — With reference to your leading article on the surrender of a portion of the Irish troops at Spoleto, it is but justice to state that those 600 men were cut off from the rest of the Papal army, and that they surrendered to 25,000 Sar- dinian troops under General Fanti. Surely there can be no disgrace in surrendering before such overwhelming numbers ; and an obstinate resistance would have been folly, especially as it could lead to no military result. ' I must add that no one could suppose that General Lamoriciere, with a force under 20,000 men, most of them raw recruits, could success fully resist 50,000 Sardinian regular troops. But such a gross outrage as the Sardinian inva- sion could perhaps scarcely be anticipated, even in these days of piracy and revolution. If General Lamoriciere had had fair play, he would have defended the Papal States ; but placed be- tween Garibaldi and a Sardinian army of 50,000 men, no generalship and no bravery could be of any avail. ' I cannot conclude without entering my pro- test against the term ' mercenary' applied to the Irish troops of His Holiness. A mercenary is a man who serves for pay and plunder ; but those men enlisted to fight for a sacred principle, to defend the head of the Church and the Vicar of Christ against the assaults of his enemies. If you call them mercenaries, why do you not apply the same term to the Englishmen, Poles, Hun- garians, &c;, who have joined Garibaldi ? Yet the brave Irishmen are called mercenaries, while Garibaldi's foreigners are applauded as heroes. I protest against this as unfair and unjust. 'Your obedient servant, 'GEORGE BOWTER. ' Temple, Sept. 21.' The Emperor of the French will protect the Pope, so long as he remains in Rome, but the instant he withdraws from the Eternal City the French army would also withdraw and leave the capital to the population. On opening the sit- tings of the Council of the Loire, the Count de Persigny, in the name of the Emperor, declared that non-intervention in the Italian question was the policy of the Emperor. The Count further stated that the political system of 1815 had been subverted by Europe herself, and that ' the mil- tary role of France in Europe is at an end.' France, therefore, no longer guarantees to the Pope the States of the Church ; she guarantees, however, to Pio Nono the city of Rome itself, so long as he will abide there, but no longer. An article in the Constitutionnel, evidently of Imperial in- spiration, states this alternative in the most em- phatic terms, and cautions the Pope against listening to those advisers who, in counselling departure from his capital, are advising 'not only a political, but a moral desertion.' The manifesto thus proceeds : — ' It is not Rome which we occupy, it is the Papacy which we defend. Our occupation is a religions, not a political one. It could under no circumstances assume the latter character ; it is only sanctioned by the duty of protecting the safety and the independence of the Sovereign Pontiff. With the Vatican vacant, we should have nothing to do ; and the faction we should set up there would be less a guarantee than a menace. We there- fore think we are not wrong in stating that the first consequence of the flight of the Pope would be the evacuation of Rome by France.' The recommendations of Louis Napoleon and of the King of Sardinia are, however, directly contrary to those of Cardinal Antonelli and his friends, who are characterised as a party whose ' blindness ' -would ruin the most noble of causes, and whose ' detestable counsels,' it is. hoped will not be followed. Prior to this manifesto being published, Count Cavour, in the name of Victor Emmanuel, called upon the Pontiff to disband his hired legions, the demand being haughtily and almost con- temptuously refused under the hand and seal of Antonelli. Then came the battle of Ancona, and the defeat of Lamoriciere by the troops of Cialdini. The latest item of news is that the Emperor of the French has reinstated his aide de-camp, General Goyon, in his old command ; the General, in an Order of the Day, thus addressing the troops : — ' Officers and Soldiers, — The Emperor has deigned by Imperial decision of the 12th Sen- . tember to order me to resume my old command I return, then, among you, and it is with joy at least equal to the regret which I expressed to you on leaving you. ' Called again, and under circumstances still more serious than for the past, to protect the interests of Catholicism in the person of the Holy Father, who is its most legitimate and most high representative, and to guarantee the safety of the Holy City, which is its seat, we will be all equal to so high a mission, and ready, if necessary, to make every sacrifice to accomplish it. It is with this idea that we will reply like French soldiers to the will of our; Emperor ; it is thus that His Majesty allows us no longer to envy our brothers, now in Cochin China and in Syria, the glory of defend- ing a great and nqble cause. ' I know that I can rely upon you ; you know that you can rely upon me. ' Our forces have been increased to respond to the wants of our position ; the newly-arrived corps, animated by an excellent spirit, and justly proud of their past, will be of great service.' It appears, therefore, that all now depends upon the course taken by the Pope himself. Should he quit Rome, his departure will be the signal for Garibaldi's entrance. Should the Pope remain in his see, the power of France is pledged to protect him. Great events may be made known to us by the next mail, the arrival of which will therefore be anticipated with peculiar interest by all classes of the community, and especially by those who are the spiritual children of His Holiness.____________ The Walleeoo Mines % — We are informed that a small party of ijainers left town on Wednesday for Messrs. FJuagleton and Lucas's mineral section on YoT-ke's Peninsula. They were to go overland to tie scene of their labors. We trust success will await them. ' ? y The Sxjbvet and Pian of Adelaide. — The Messrs. Delisser have, with great . care, reduced the survey of the city made by them for 'the Waterworks Commissioners to a suitable scale for general use, Und we believe in a very, few weeks the plan will be published. We have in spected it in its rough state, and so far as we1 can judge on a hasty examination, feel confident in saying that it will be a very useful work* and! one which will do credit to its authors. Off course we must reserve a more definite judg ment until we see the map in a fijuahed condition. . ? ' ?? 