RAILWAY COMMUNICATION IN QUEENSLAND. No. 2. To the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier. SIR,—In my previous letter to you on this subject, I attempted to show the practica- bility of the system in its construction and working, its desirability as a means of pro- gressional occupation of the lands of the interior, and as an induction of capital and population, the sure precursors of commer- cial prosperity, and therefore a very powerful augmentary agent to the financial depart- ment of the government. Convinced, as I am, of the absolute neces- sity that exists for the establishment of a cheap system of railways, for the full de- velopment of the latent resources of our young colony, I maintain it is a question of vital importance and one that we should not allow to fall quietly into present obli- vion, to be treated to a revival by the next generation. Now is the time above all others best fitted to test the public opinion. Let us pause on the threshold of our senatorial forum, and sound well on this point every candidate for legislative honors; for, permit me to state, a man opposed to a railway system is an enemy to progress. To us as citizens of Brisbane, this matter requires more than a transitory consideration, and I would earnestly impress upon the electors, the magnitude of the stake at issue, and intreat them when returning the members to the first Queensland Legislature, they do so with a pledge to advocate an immediate adoption of a railway system. In our approaching Parliament, our neigh- bours at Ipswich, I believe, will look upon us with very jealous eyes, and any public expenditures or grants, to assist in the clear- ance of the River Bar, or the construction of a railway from Brisbane, will be strenuously opposed on the ground of their being only of benefit to this community. I do not wish to cast any aspersion on the line of policy adopted by our friends in Ipswich ; on the contrary, I would commend them for their superior energies, and compliment them on their successful struggles for supremacy; but with us, as with them, self-preservation is the first law of nature. They are perfectly alive to the fact, that the point where traffic converges is always the one that monopolises the trade, and to preserve their's intact, will, of course, be their constant study, and will enlist all their energies. On this principle they acted some few years ago when the Government Sur- veyor, Mr. Sanderson, surveyed a line for a railway from the Downs to Kangaroo Point; they then gave utterance to their invectives against what they pleased to designate a wasteful expenditure of money, for the con- struction of a railway running parallel with a navigable river; and on this principle they still act, when they assert that Ipswich is the proper site for the seat of government, and for the Customs staff. Some of our "oldest residents" when they witness these signs of presumptive priority, laugh at what they consider presumption, and hug them- selves with the idea that a very short time will create a total reversion of things, to the advancement of Brisbane, and the detriment of her neighbor, quoting such instances as Sydney and Parramatta. Now this imbecile consolation is perfectly puerile, and we can- not shut our eyes to the fact, that while we are, like Mr. Micawber, "waiting for some- thing to turn up," Ipswich is making rapid strides in the march of progress, and bids fair to outvie us in the race. Their press already speaks of us, as holding the relative position to their town, that Gravesend does to London, and the idea of the establishment of a port on the shores of the bay com- municated with Ipswich by a railway is a project of old standing. Neither of these assumptions are so absurd as they would at first appear, or as our wise saws would make us believe; their very magnitude tends to throw us off our guard, and by our inaction and indifference, we assist them in the furtherance of their designs. We well know what energy, determination, and capital can effect, and for our own security these points should not be treated as idle myths. Sea- ports when placed in juxtaposition to inland towns are not always the seats of commerce; to exemplify this we need only advert to the instances of Adelaide and Port Adelaide, Glasgow and Port Glasgow, and Melbourne, in each case to the disparagement of the port. If as at present, vessels coming to More- ton Bay have to lie out in the open road- stead, they may as well do so at Cleveland as at the river bar. I believe the bay only requires to be properly surveyed to reveal many superior anchorages than the one in present use, and once declare Cleveland, or some other spot on its shores, a free port, and Brisbane will no longer be the port of Queensland, but be placed in direct compe- tition with her sister town, with no commu- nication to the interior, and consequently a very disproportionate chance of success. At present as a commercial community we have little or no influence in the district, and if Ipswich can command that influence, by the procuration of capital, mercantile weight and enterprise, she may be able to divert the traffic through any channel she may deem most convenient, and we are well aware the sympathies of her inhabitants are cer- tainly not with Brisbane. You may say this is a sad picture of re- trogression for us to contemplate, but sad as it may appear, it is anything but impossible, and I would not venture to say improbable; at any rate all will admit it would be an evil, and being an evil, and a probable evil, it is our duty to avert it, and I firmly believe the best and surest course to accomplish this end is, as I have said before, clear the river bar, by which this place will be firmly established as the port of Queensland ; and establish a railway direct to the Downs, which would make this the point of receipt and dispatch, and afford us the greatest fa- cility for the formation of the first mercantile city of the colony. You will perceive this is not a vain chi- mera. Railways must be all in all to us ; with them, we will advance and take our stand among the cities of the Empire, and without them we will dwindle down to an insignificant, second-rate municipality, or a dirty, little, semi-seaport town. But beyond this question of local rivalry, the immense advantages to be gained not only by our city, but by the entire colony of Queensland, re- quires only a momentary consideration to comprehend. I have already pictured the Darling Downs, through the medium of rail- ways, as the vast granary of Australasia; but I will advance in my hypothesis, and assert that the southern portion of the Downs, once connected with the capital by means of the iron road, we become the suc- cessful competitors of New South Wales for the New England trade ; and nothing would sooner facilitate the amalgamation of the Clarence River District. The subject of railway extension and com- petition is one that has long and anxiously occupied the attention of the collective talent of locomotive management, and the result of experience proves that trunk lines, con- necting sources of traffic with markets or outlets, invariably realise the expectations of the projectors; for a railway never diminishes the existing trade of a place, but the reverse - fosters and increases that which has hitherto been latent. It must therefore be manifest, that when a line to the Downs, with the present traffic, would realise a remunerative dividend (which I en- deavored to prove in my last letter), the augmentary action to trade, that is the inevitable result of railway facilities, would soon enable the projectors to push an extension to the very borders of New South Wales ; which I assert, fearless of any dis- putation, would place us in undisputed pos- session of the entire trade of New England. This is not merely a .theory, but an axiom»! requiring no demonstration to prove; the.j most obtuse must see this. Eor where a line of railway" is «nee formed, paying a re- munerative dividend, through traffic that is foreign to the line, can be competed for at a much ¡lower rate than would be adequate to a more IcgUimato course of conveyance. The same staff and rolling stock on a rail- way have generally been found competent to carry out an expansion of such tramo, at I rates remunerative to the railway securing the trade, but ruinous to the conveyance that depended solely upon the carriage of tho debatable 'traffic. > To enable you to more fully comprehend my meaning permit me to illustrate it by an example. ' ' »'In 1850flfl-remember rightly) when the Great Northern Railway- opened to London !and' established its own legitimate trade, Mr. Seymour Clarke (the manager, and the most energetic one in Great Britain) imme- diately turned his attention to the diversion of traffic from old existing sources, to his own line ; his success was patent in the re- sult. The first step he took was to establish a direct line of transit from Newcastle to London,over three separate lines of railway, independent of his own, by enlisting the co- operation of the various proprietaries. He was then enabled to carry coals the entire distance through from the-pits to London at the rate of six shillings per ton, or one far- thing per ton per mile, as very little increase was required to the existing staff and working stock beyond the mere laboratrthe- termini.- This had the effect he anticipated, of diverting nearly the entire London coal trade to the medium of the Great Northern Railway ; the seaboard trade became paralyzed, and the city Corporation taking alarm, the heavy dues levied on coals entering the port of London were reduced and eventually abolished, to aid the collieis in their strife ; but to no purpose ; the ves- sels could not compete with such ruinous rates, and while the railways were pursuing a lucrative trade, they (the vessels) Were obliged to relinquish it. A further exempli- fication of the principle may be witnessed in the cheap excursion trains ; the quantity of the traffic, and the distance conveyed, coupled with the absence of extra labor, or provision of any sort, render this branch a source of considerable profit to the various companies. Now this principle would truthfully apply to our case-assuming that we had a railway from the port, to any part of the interior of | our colony, we would command all that traffic within an area to which we could convey at tho cheapest rate to the public ; as for instance-if goods and passengers could be conveyed moro expeditiously and economically by way of our line into New England and New South Wales than by any other way ; the traffic would naturally fall into that channel as the most convenient. This is a "consummation devoutly to be wished," and I unhesitatingly affirm that a rail- way establishment as I have described would have this effect. Let the citizens of Brisbane look at this npw ; they may not at present see the vitality of the question, but they most' assuredly will eventually, and perhaps when it is too late. Let them slumber on, good folks.until their percipiency is awakened to a perspective view of their eliminated prospects, and a bitter experience ofblighted ambition. This is an age of enterprise and compétition, and the natural advantages of this place are not so great as to insure its commercial supremacy, nor save it from being outstripped by some moro youthful.or, may bo, at present, embryo settlement. Let us be up and doing, and join earnestly in the work ; we should be careful in the selec- tion of our parliamentary representa- tives, scrutinise their insidiously expressed "opinions," and have none but men who will advance with the times, and particularly advocate a railway system. Let us and them, in this matter, follow the advice of Dan O'connell, and agitato ! agitate ! for, be assured, nothing will tend greater to our ad- vancement than internal communication by mpnn« nf ttiilwavq. Yours, &c.; , COSMOS. GHOSTS.- Talking of the War-office, I hear people asking what is the meaning of Mr. W. Howitt's reference-in. a letter to Mr. Charles Dickens on the subject of a theory of ghosts, lately put forward'1 in All the Tear Round-to " The War-office ghost." Mr. Howitt speaks loosely of the apparition of a Captain Wheatcroft having le4 t° an »Iteration in the date oftbat officers dea& as/ore Delhi-i.e., I presume the date income official return. I have made due inquiries, ib^f I am sory to say that none of iny Warrofijce acquaintance have ever heatd of the ghost in question. A Captain Wheat- croft there was (they tell mc) in ono of the dragoon regiments, who fell in India, and some correspondence I hoard of, touching a secret marriago of his, revoaled, I suppose, by his death ; but of his apparition, or of the alteration referred to by Mr. W. Howitt, ii can, loam nothing. However, I am in hopes of more precise information, and if I get any authentic tidings of " the War-office ghost " you may roly on receiving them, '('nero Is gomothlug peculiarly provooative of '- * »host eccentric enough to curiosity m » 0 ** - ^« his walk, choose a Government otnce <«. _ Public office boursbeing stricoly from ten to four, he must either bo a ghost with no aversion to daylight, or ho must confine his visitations to those hours when the building is left to office-keepers and charwomen. I wonder if ho comos out of a red box, and wears fetters of red tape, instead of the orthodox chains that'rattlo through the old ghostly narratives. The papor in All the Tear Round on which Mr. W. Howitt com- ments, was, I bollevo, from the hand 0f Dr. Elliotson. Mr. W.Howitt and his family have of late become confirmed spiritualists, and, I suppose, ghost-seers. Apropos of ghosts, it may interest thoso of your readers who are greedy of the supernatural to know that the very startling story, in a resent punjbpr of Blackwood, called "The Haunted and the Haunters, or the House and tho Brain," was from no less a pen than Sir E. Bulwer Lytton's, Ile, too, is a confirmed spiritua- list-a believer: in spirits, media, disem- bodied hands, and the rest of tl)6 Qagljostro liko paraphernalia of Mr. Hume, of spiritual notoriety. Sir Edward's London ghost story, iti Blackwood, oppnod capitally; but it was marred by piling np the terror too high. Horror was, in fact, accumulated on horror's head, till the imagination protested' against so much " perilous Btuff." The tale involved a theory to which I presume wo may infer Sir E.B. Lytton lends a certain amount of faith-of the power of minds at a distance to manifest their will, in a mysteri- ous manner, on the minds of others present, on tlie sceno of momentous aotions in wh;oh the haunter has borne a part, To those of your readers who have not read the story in question, let rae recommend it as a surer' recipe for nightmare than Fuseli's supper of raw pbrlf DTttps',-London corjespoflaencfl of tíamkwM« QyMiim* * 