I DR. "WOOLLEY'S LECTURE, if (To the Editor of the Vase Courier ) Sm, — " Bush criticism " having .been !| treated with tho contempt and ridicule it I deserved, our attention is now directed to I the metropolitan manikins, who set thein- m selves up lor critics. We eease to wonder i why Yass 'lecturers were assailed by low 1 scurrility, when wo see one of Australia's I greatest scholars attaeked-hy the ".tubes:" | it appears that all the bigots in Sydney p have lor the last few days been squinting 'through the orifice of their pipe-stems at k fl lecture delivered by Dr. Woolley. The | learned and talented Dr. is not accused of ff "pirating (lie papers," but of hiaking ail I onslaught upon preconceived opinions, and H substituting new ideas fur old ones, now I .nearly worn out, having nothing but their H antiquity to recommend them. Hence — rj " 8our bigotry (or rather sour intolerance) t-f on her last legs, grinnimr looks back, | Wishing the ten Egyptian plagues to seize jii him quick." ' ITeedless of their croaking, the Dr. holds H on his way of progress rejoicing, J, nibtless I preparing another attack on their ehorish- j| od ideas, to startle -them from their dreams sh ! by " knocking the .powder our of their old 1 wigs." I rejoice to know that Australia has men who are not. afraid to filter the || stagnant waters of thought found amongst ft 11S, and whose -enlarged understandings i permit the thoughts of their minds'to flo\v |j bom their large, open, generous hearts, H pure as water from a crystal fountain. ® To compare small things with great, I. | perceive that Vulcan's ghost, tired of his 1 anvil, lias been aping bis superiors by I looking through the pipe of his bellows; I and showing the length of his ears by I having a two-aud-sixpenny kick at piilili- | cans and other sinners who have incurred H his displeasure. Solomon recommends a |j rod for a fool's back ; a more modern 3 method of chastising vulgar impudence is H to apply n strong finger and thumb to a p| .fool's proboscis. We all admit that an I on ass rebuked a prophet ; hut although Mies are allowed to perform their antics :| in the company of organ-grinders, they p i'ove novi-r boon known to speak. But j" those days of progress there is no'say- 1 i»g' what the creatures may be permitted | to do. y | 1 1 oil, Sir, yours, Ac., I Q IN THE CORNER. I 21st Mny, 1800. 