TO THE EDITOR OF THE KIAIA EXAMIINER?, "Sm,'In 'i repljry to the inquiries of "An Elector" S respetin, certain points of a certain uncertainty affect ing the ri, hts of ratepayers at tihe approaching munici pa election, I beg to submit the followving opinion : but as doctors disagree and lawyers agree to differ, I am willin to forego the legal fee, even though my advice s?hould abate the epidemic which has seized the public .with a, mania for tihe faculty and profession since we have been blessed with active representatives of each'de partment. -' The first difficulty arises from the voter's declara t"ion. ,~i:: '': . : 'SCHEDULE C. .iVoter's number [I. ] " I, A. B., do solemnly declare that I am the person named in the Electoral Roll for the Electoral "';.*District nowv in force, my name being numbered therein as in the margin thereof, and S.: that my qualification therein stated is situated (or arises) within the limits of the municipality; and that I have not already voted at this :. : election." •This declaration it is evident was framed only in view ofltlie firat election, although by the wisdom of the Ie grislative it was intended to be used at subsequent dlee tions At the first election there were no ratopayer's, therefore it was necessary to use tihe electoral roll of the 'electoral district; at all subsequent elections ratopayers are'not myths or ghosts, but tangible mortals holding goods and chattels, or rather lands and tenements made the victims of the assessors' espionage. Therefore there was no need of dragging in the bulky electoral roll of the municipality. And I have strong reasons to sus pect that most of the municipal council intend using their own. electoral roll, if so then they must of necos aitly abandon this declaratioa. And why not, for it can be done with safety ? The returning oflicer is not bound to put the declaration except in cases of suspicion, whlich can hardly occur. The returning oflicer and polling clerk for each place have eachl a copy of tihe roll. Burgess enters-tells his niame-oflicer mand clerk look to their rolls-find burgess assessed at £100, No. 27. There is no difficulty, by his assessment, in knowing him to lie the party. Returninig officer arid poll clerk mark his niumber, he takes his ballot paper and votes. Hoe can hlie vote again in the same ward ? We say that he may personate another is absurd; and to suppose that returniung oflicer and clerk should pass the same name is. equally absurd. eBt there may he some entitled to vote under theo'lth clause whose name is not oh the muuicipal electoral roll because they did not get assessed. True i and there ise difficulty with suclh --Useo in their case tlhe electoral roll. of thd district, and apply the declaration Schedule OC, :T'he second difliculty arises from i'gniorance of t'e Act, and is therefore soon overcome. " Can electors record their votes in every .wardq' ii which they are assessed ?" Certainly, they can.B.-itr thlie declaration says, " And that I have? not already voted at this election." T'rue ! and if that eeieans plaini English, it means, if the municipality bb: uiidivided, tlitt' you have not more. than once :votev:fdr.twoorthree aldermeon as the number to be returned..: If itibe. divided into wards, it meahs that oue have once only. voted at the election for thint particular stard ut eihich you now elaim to:vote;': If yonhiea any 'difficulty 'aibo'oit It, tarn, to the 36th clause which.sets the question t' reit deotimpletely. " Aiiy municipality may be,divided by. the' counci tliereof, if consistilng of.six members, int, two wards,'-iiid if consisting of inine imembers, into tliree wards, !nsubject to the alpproval of the Goverhdri Council,: publiished in the. Goverumeant Gazette, irith. sublch reiid' tions as to elections as may be rendered necessary by. the' hbange. . . . .. ,,,,: ?r.: - What regulatidns could bh necessary .y thoe bchuan.? Certainly not that A,' who lives in 'KEiamia war, aid, pays. rates.upon tO10 acres of lard, should bhe deiied tih' power :of voting in Goerringoug ward,i':where :heo. pays rates uipo 1,000 acres of land.. ''his would be division' with a vengeance, taxation without represeittation,, that ,would be extrienely palatable to :. i , h Epiourcan Torles , Who rulcd the reast, . :, live hundred years agone I ?Bi"?what is the couicil in its construction hlnt s minai ture iprliament; sand why' should' wreo.not haie'~uiil ,pri.vilgees of representation here as there? " "' ·' :" The third diltficulty'is disposed of at oi6ce if you ladopt tihe'iterpretation with whlichll.I start., Can anieleutor, qualified in oibe' ward, only choose lin w'hatwaiid lie newill 'vote?' 'Courtinly not, ho moioo tlian aii eole?tbr:qualified to yote for a member in Camldei could carry his vot' to 'Cumborland. What ri ht hirs .ho,to come and.aisk fo: diblierty to nieddle in 'other. men's aflirs,; aiid leave his owen' affairs alobne'? .. . Sir,.;I asm sorry that the eonvuotion rests npon my t;hick.head, that there is seme piarty object imore' denarto rthe embrace of our hodest electors than the noble seniti' ment,"whicl ought to' .est in .tihe bosom of all good \- ': citizn '?" ' hoso the rgh t, ofhndwwhroidi.'. n..' . . h r .r e o T . he motto i sand; if the eolectois adhpt it'for a" wPat~hword;I Jutiv no fear .bat theywNil r~ettrn~mentifAr,; i~:.1lJI '~'~" "'' CMMON ENSE 