[?] Seduction and Suicide. — The Clon- mel Chronicle has tin? following distress ing cu.-o: — "A gill named Mary Meagher, a servant in tho employment of Mr. O'Brien, of Rallindoney, went wilh a number of others to dig potatoes on the lands of Coole. On returning lionie one of the parties induced the rest to enter a public-house, where a large amount of their wages was spent in beer and spirits. The unfortunate girl was induced to drinkj and having met a man with whom she had been acquainted, she remained behind with liim, after her Companions were gone. She did not returu to her master's employment until Sunday evening, and from that time until Monday she seemed dreadfully de pressed, and her piteous moanings even in sleep were most distressing. Next morning she went with another girl to work, and to her disclosed what had happened on that Saturday night. Site said she wished she was dead, and asked would a person be killed hy fulling from the top of Bullindoney Castle (100 feet in -height.). The poor creature in the oourse of her conversation said that, she would forgive the whole wovld but the man in whose company she remained on that evening. However, she desired the girl to Eend for him, and that lie would surely bury her'I Ou Wednesday morning she got up at day break, and left O'Brien's house. In ten minutes afterwards her remains were found beneath the wall of the castle, vfroui the top of which she had flung her self. An inquest was held on the body, and a verdict, ' Suicide tthile labouring under temporary insanity/ was re turned." Extraordinary Trial. — The Tours journals state that a trial, which is to tuke place before the Court of Assizes of that city in December, is exciting extra ordinary interest in all the departments of the Indre-et-Loire. A lady who is possessed of a fortune of 400,000 fr. or 600,000 fr., being separated from her husband, has, since 1851, lived at Chinon, with her daughter, who is now about 16 years of age. She visited in tlie best society of the town and neigh bourhood, and towards the end of the last year brought out her daughter, who is very pretty. The girl was thought rather forward in her manners; but her demeanour was attributed to the iucon- eideruteness of youth. sBefore long, however, it. became rumoured that she was very free wjitli the coachman, and it was stated that the man himself had boasted that he was the lover of his I young mistress, and that she wa -about "to become a mother. -In Junuarv last . feTd i sa p p e a r c d/aTfrl _.t I Fd a me' T, —"state d she had been obliged to discharge him ' because he had had the impudence to ask her daughter's hand in marriage. The mother uud daughter afterwuids went into society as usual, but they were the subjects of much malevolent remark. Tilings continued in this state until August last, when the commissary of police of this district received several anonymous letters slating that in the night of the 29th July the young ludy bad been delivered of a child alive, and that the little creature had been killed by tho young lady's mother. As on July 3 1st the mother und daughter had been seen going about their house and grounds ns usual, the commissary at tached little importance to the letters ; but lie communicated tliem to the public prosecutor, and tho latter deemed it right to question the lady. She indig nantly declared the statement unfounded, and, after some hesitation, laid a com plaint of calumnious denunciation against tho supposed author of the letters and against her ex-coachman. Hat she was told that in order to support the complaint it was necessary that her daughter should be examined by a -me dical man. She confuted, though with manifest repugnance, but when a phy- sioiau a few hours after presented him- self a.t her house she said the examina tion wa unnecessary, as. she was ready to admit that her daughter had been delivered of a child, nut that it was born dead, aud that she had burned the body —and alio declared that her daughter had become enceinte in consequenco of violence committed on her hy the coach man; she also said that she had been silent on the -subject of this violence, and had burned tho body of the child from a fear of scandal. -On that both mother aud daughter were arrested. The young lady at first told the same 'tale- as" themuther;— butbeing-pressed- .fliilh questions 6he declared that no violence had been used by tho coachman, and that tho child was not born dead, but had been killed by her mother be fore being burned. Since then, Mdtne. 'L — has persisted in her origiual story, und says that in contradicting it her daughter must bo labouring under a hallu filiation. Both mother and daughter are to bo tried for infanticide. Tub Legality of Betting' on 'Horse Racks. — At the Wolverhampton Couoty Court, last week, a case of some interest to tho betting fraternity was hoard befure M. A. Skinner, Esq., Judge. The plaintiff (Harbour) was a publican in Wolverhampton, and having advanced £5 to pay a wager lost hy toe defendant (.Uorrall) in the plaiu tiff's house, sued for repaymeut. The issue turned on the legal point raised by Mr. Bartlott for Murrall, to the effect that' tho money was lent for gambling pur-.! poses, and, the truusuotion being au il legal one, was not recoverable.- Mr/ Claydon, on the other hand, contended, for the plaiu tiff, that bets on horse races 'were recoverable, if under £10. His H >nor adopted Mr. Cluydou's view, and give judgment for the plaintiff. — Ob- aer-cr. Suicide of a Bioamist — An inquest was held hist week in- fore the borough .coroner, at Emscotc, on tho body of llichard Walker, laudlord of the Ree- hive Inn. The deceased was only recently married to Mrs. Walker (Rogers), the landlady of the Beehive Iuu, and within the last futv weeks the . license of the house had been transferred to him. There is reason to believe that lie had another wife living when he married, and that Mrs. Walker (Roger.-) had discovered it. This pressed upon his mind, and the fear of punishment for the crime of bigamy, should a charge bo preferred against him by Mrs. Walker's friends, affected bis mind so deeply us ultimately to force him to the taking away of his own life. The act was a very desperate one;' tho bed on which I he deed was committed was an ordinary French bed.-tend, and the 'handkerchief with which he hung him self was tied on the knob of the foot board. He must have deliberately thrown himself from the bed in o'der to accomplish his purpose. The jury were horrified with the appearance of tho body, the face being darker than that of a negro. The jury, after a short deli beration, returned a verdict of felo de se. The inquest occupied four hours. The body was buried tit a quarter to twelve on Monday night by the police, without prayers or service, in an unen closed piece of laud in St. Nicholas churchyard. Garibaldi -to tiie N"e\polttans. — Garibaldi lias sent forth bis summons to the Neapolitan-jas will be seen by the following " proclamation : " — " To our Brothers of Naples! — Brothers! We have conibatted the Austrian; we have fought these insolent oppressors of Italy, and we have beat<-n t hem. We have seen thetn run like rabbits before our .young soldiers; we have seen them fly in terror, and beg their live.- of tho-c whose brothers, parents, and friends' they had basely assassinated. 'Wc have seen them fly like cowards before the sons of those . whom they barbarously -ccuureed or butchered at their,, pleasure ; wc have seen them fly — -the vile miscreants — before the sons of Ugo Ba-si, Civeaglii, Gioeruacchio, and ask their lives with u baseness unmistakably Austrian.; and yet of those who surrendered or who were wounded the Italians did not. kill a single one. Brothers! We have fought as Italians fight when they are united, and you were 'not with us. Iu the ranks of the conquerors there were Italians of all the provinces, but of Naples there were few. The shout of victory was heard in every dialect ex cept yours, and yet — we knew it — your hearts beat high in tbe cause of the country. -You felt our dangers nnd fatigues, and'ynur hearts exulted at the announcement of our victories. -Yes, exulted in spite of the abominable tyranny which crushes and degrades you ; it felt its overthrow by the victory of Italians. -You were not wilh us iu i the body, but your good-.will was there, we are certain ; but this time, at least, you will be with us in botb. .Yes; r TvYluwirCc wcCTCC'U U/u UlflOu al/u" " alliance of our family— of this poor Italian family. Foreigners, doctrinaires, and priests labour in vain. In vain they seek to sow discord, to excite mis trust in the public mind, to corrupt this hapless people, whom they have divided so often, and sold so often lo the stranger. In vain our brothers of the south have clasped tho hands of our brothers of the centre and of the north; the sons of the Procidus, tho Masaniellos, the Popes, have grasped the victorious right hand of the soldiers of Palestro aud San .Vlartiuo. — G. Garibaldi." A somewhat extraordinary marriage took place at Dudley, the bride being 82, aud tho bridegroom 60 years of nge. The lady stated that in the course of her life she hud hud thirteeu huibands, but unfortunately they all died suddenly. Pleasing intelligence for No. 14. A Woman Starved to Death by IIer Sons. — An inquest, which lasted two days, has been held at Poulton, Somersetshire, on the body -of au old woman, aged SO, named Ann Dowling, who had resided with her two grown-up sous, 'Joseph -end Thomas Dowling. The jury, ou proceeding to view the body of the deceased, were -perfectly -horror- stricken by the spectacle disclosed. The sons had not called in any female neighbour to perform the offices usually accorded to the dead, but one of tliem had himself washed and laid out the body. It was laid upon a chest uud chair, andicovercd with a piece of linen A more horrible spectacle of emaciation it would be wholly impo.-siblc to con ceive. Not a particle of yielding flesh could be found upon any part of it, the bones stood out with a puiuful promi nence, aud it presented the appearance of a human skeleton, with skin or leather strained over. The evidence went to prove that the deceased received paro- "chiallicf,"ltfidliTrdbes'ules many sums' given to her by the hand of private benevolence, but that while her sons tinove she declined in flesh aud strength. It was shown that the principal food given to her was a little bread and water, which occasionally were soaked together and sweetened with a little traaole, and that she often complained that her stomach would not take that food. It was further elicited that no notice was given of her death until some time afterwards, and tho inference drawu from the evidence was, that the sous had consumed the means furnished to the old woman, and kept her upon insufficient food. By direction of the coroner, a post mortem examination of the body was made, and Messrs. Perrin, Bone, aud Boodle, who asssisted at it, were present at theiuqucst. It appeared . from the medical evidence that the stomach and iutcstiiies were empty of food, and that tho body presented all the evidonco of death from an insuffi ciency of food. The medical men ad mitted that they had never seen a body so emaciated, aud yet with so Leal thy a viscera. The sons, who were in -cus tody, having received the usual caution, were told that they might, if they pleased, make a statement. Joseph Dowling merely said, "I gave my mother all she asked for, for a mouth before her death." Thomas. said, " I have always maintained her for the lastaten years of her life " Tho Coroner then summed up. If the 'sous had purposely withheld food from the old woman, intending to cause her death, the crime would be one of wilful murder; if they had ucglouieu properly to feed licr, they would be guilty of manslaughter. The jury, after some consultation, returned a verdict of " Manslaughter against Thomas Dowling and Joseph Dowling," and tho coroner . immediately issued his warrant for the committal of the prisoners, who will take their trial for the crime with which they are charged at the next Somerset assizes. .The Family of Joe Smith. — The Boston Courier says: — " The family nf the great Mormon prophet, Joe Smith, still dwell in Nauvoo. No persuasions can prevail on them to remove to Utah. His widow has married again, and with hor husband keeps the Mansion-house, the only house of entertr-iument the city affords. The eldest son, who bears bis father's name of Joseph, is a justice of the peace, and a useful and much- respected citizen. Great inducements have been offered him to remove to Great Salt Lake City, but lie steadily resists all such importunities." Foxhunting and the Ci.ergy. — A few days ago the Earl of 'Portsmouth in augurated his fox hunting season at Eggsford, Not tli Devon, with a generous hospita ity. The house was open to all comers, whether attired in fustian or scarlet, and n sumptuous repast was pro vided for about 300 guests. The occasion was considered appropriate for the presentation of a testimonial to the Rev. John Russell, incumbent of Swym- bridge, who for many years had most creditably discharged the duties of n master of the fox-hounds of the district. In presenting the testimonial, the Earl of Portsmouth said that few men had so many friends as Mr. ltussell, who met u warm welcome in-every house he visited, and he attributed this to the kindness and warmth of the reverend gentleman's heart.. Jt was true that Mr. Rus-oll had shown an attachment to the noble sport of fox-hunting.; but lie (the noble Earl) had never heard that lie had even in a single instance neglected his duties as a clergyman for the exciting "®nn:d health-giving sports of the field. lie was one of those who thought that a clergyman was quite as much iu his place in following ii Id sports as he was in gadding about to balls uud parties. To show that the " pleasures of the chase" arc not incompatible with -a zeal-ms discharge of ministerial duty, it was stated that the Itcv. Mr. Russell hud hail presented to liim a testimonial from his purishiouers ou leaving a former curacy, -and that so highly was he es teemed Ly his present parishioners that they had also presented him with u testimonial of their esteem. — .'limes. Shocking Accident at a Wedding — A young workman, and workwoman, having married nt Saiut Gall, iu Switz- erlancl, went with tlmiFTfienHs to a " public-house to enjoy the wedding- feast. When the niiith and fun were at iheir height the report of a gun was heard, and the young husband, to the consternatidnof the party, was struck iu the head by a ball, uud fell dead. Tho same ball, before hitting him, grazed his wife's neck, and, after passing through Lis ticad, lodged iu lue shoulder of one of the guests, wounding liim rather seriously. It turned out I hat the fatal shot was fired by a workman uanied Bnppart, but quite unintention ally. He being a friend of the ucwly- muiried couple aud being about to join the wedding party, of which his wife was one. fired his gun iu their honor, but hy mistake lie charged it with a ball cartridge instead uf with one of simple powder. Bnppart was so affected at tiie fatal event that the day after be drowned himself. "A Yankee Advocate. — The follow ing plea of a spread-eagle lawyer needs uo coinnieut: — " Geutlemon of the jury — the Scriptures saitli, ' Thou shalt'not kill!' Now if you hang my client you tran.-grcss the command us slick us grease, and as plump us a goose egg in u loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or au humble individual like my clieut having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so? No such tiling, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner ill guilty; llie hang man may do his duty, but that wi l not exonerate you! No such tiring. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for tho brat.d of Cain to lie stamped upon his brow to-day? Who, freeman- — who in this land of liberty and light? Gentle men,! will pledge my word, not one of you has u bowie-knife or a pistol in Lis pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets "areodnriferouswiih— the- perfumes- of" cigar-cases and tobaeco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my un fortunate client, and the scaley alligators of remorse will gallop through the in ternal principal animul viscera, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical con struction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Bo ware, I say, of meddling witli tiie eternal prerogative? Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts uf temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of Woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's the oretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you for the love you have for tiie esculent and cotidimeutal gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated coun try! I adjure you bjr tho American Eagle, that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs nut to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo — and to sum up all, if you ever expect to be any- tiring but a set of sneaking, loafing, rasvally, cut-tlirouted, braided, small ends of Immunity, whittled down to iu- (listiuctilrility, acquit my client and save your country." The prisoner Was ac quitted. — Ontario Times. An Irish Army for Pius IX. — The Dundalk Democrat makes the fol lowing ptuoaiitou for raising tn wwy of Catholic Irish for Ilis Holiness the Pope : — " Thousands upon thousands of our young men go into the English army, aud prove faithful to their enemy; aud it would be strange, indeed, if we could. not muster 20,000 of thein who would enlist under the banner of Pius IX., and prove the devoted defenders of their illustrious friend. With a brave aud .chivalrous army in Rome and the States of the Church, who would drive away the rabble of cut-throats and omuueipute the subjects of the Pope from their outrageous tyranny, peace would be restored to the mind of his Hulincss and safety to his "person ; and he would be left in quiet aud security to attend to the duties of his high and holy mission, in directing the affairs of the Church, whose children nre scattered over the world. Money would also be required, and that would be forth coming. The Catholics of Europe and America would easily contribute £100,00(1 a year to sustain the army of Rome. Wo should say Ireland would pay a tribute of £10,000 a year; Eng land £5000.; France £20,000; Spain £10,000 ; Portugal £5000 ;. Austria £20,000 ; Belgium £5UO0 ; Prussia und other'cniitineiital States, £10 000 ; America, £10,0U0; Canada, £-5(100; making ,t grand total of £100,000 to maintain a true and faithful Irish army iu the Eternal City for the preservation of the Vicar of Christ from the ruffian hands of his infidel enemies. As to Ireland'sportion of tlie triliute (j£l 0,000), it could be made up by 200,000 persons paying Is. each, or by 2,400,000 poi sons (laying Id. each, or by 1000 parishes paying £10 each. At all events, it would come very light if it were sus tained by all the male Catholics in the country over ten years of age. This would be the proper way to sympathise with Ins Holiness, menaced as lie is by t'ne rabble of revolutionists and anar- c'lrists, who threaten to lay their sacri legious Lauds on the patrimony of tlie Hiily . See. I; is the way in which Pius .IX showed his heartfelt sympathy for Ireland in the day mf her affliction, when one million of human beings were' per mitted to die in the midst of plenty. If the Emperor of the French heard that Catholic Ireland felt indignant :it his inexplicable conduct, we may be certain that a great deal of good might be effected. Un-ler all the circumstances, we think the time bus come for Ireland to speak out for an aggregate meeting to be held in Dublin, tlie Most Rev Dr Cullcn occupying tlie chair, and for meetings tliaougiiout the provinces to symputlis.-c with Iris Holiness, to collect funds, and recruit an army for tlie de fence of his liberty aud the stability of Brown, the Slave Hero. — The Anglo Saxon arrived at Liverpool on Nov. .16, with the Canadian mails of the 5tL. A despatch from Cliurlesiown, re ceived hy licr, states that after tlie jury Lad returned their verdict of guilty against Brown, the prisoner rose, and in a clear, distinct voice, said — " I have, may it please the Court, a few words to say. -In the first place, I deny every thing but what I have all along ad mitted; of a design on my part to free slaves. -I intended certainly to liuve made a clean thing of that mutter, as 1 did last winter wlieu I went to Mis souri, and there took slaves without the snapping of a gun on either. side, moving tliem through the country, and finally leaving tliem iu Canada. I designed to have dune the sauic tiring again on a larger scale That was all I intended to do. I never did intend murder or treuson, or the destruction of property, or to excite or incite slaves to rebellion, or'to make insurrection. I have another objection, and that is, that it is unjust that I should suffer sucli a penalty. Had I interfered in the manner which I admit, and which I admit has been fuirly proved — for I admire the truth fulness uud candor of tlie greater por tion of the witnesses who have' testified in this ea>e-. had I so interfered in be half of the rich, the powerful, tlie intel ligent, the so-called great, or in behalf uf any of their friends, either father, mother, brother, sister, wife, or children, or any of that class, and suffered and sacrificed what I have in this inter ference, it would have been all right, and every man in . this court would have deemed it an act worthy nf reward rather than punishment. This court acknowledges, too, as I suppose, tho validity of tlie law of God. i see a book kissed, which I suppose to be the Bible, "iirat— least the -New- Testament, which teaches nie that all things whatsoever I would that men should do to me I should do even so to them. Tt tenches nie further to remember them that are in bonds as bound with me. I endeavored to act up to that instruction. I say I am yet too young to understand that (Jod is any respecter of persons. I be lieve that to have interfered as I have done, and ns I have always freely ad mitted I have done, on behalf of his despised poor is no. wrong, but right. Now, if it is deemed necessary that I shou d forfeit my life for tlie furtherance uf tlie ends of justice, and my blood further with tlie blood of my children and with the blood of millions in this slave country, whose rights are disre garded by wicked, cruel, and unjust enactments, I say let it be done. Let me say one word further. I feel en tirely satisfied witli i he treatment 1 have received on my trial. Considering all the circumstances, it has been more generous than I expected. But I feel no coti.-ciousTic.-s of guilt I have slated from the first whut was my intention and what was not. I never hud any design ugainst the liberty of any person, nor any disposition to commit treason or excite slaves to rebel, or make any general insurrection. I never encou raged any mun to do so, but always dis couraged any idea of that kind Let mo say soiiietliing, also, in regard o tbe statements made by some of those who were connected with me. I fear it has been stated by some of tliem that I have induced them to join «ie; but the con trary is true. I do not say this to injuro them, but as regretting their weakness. Nfot one joiiicd me but of his own accord, and the greater part at their own expense. A number of tliem I never saw and never had a word of conversation witli till the day they came to nie, and that was for the pur pose I have stated. Now I have done " While Mr. Brown was speaking perfect quiet prevailed, and when he had finished the Judge proceeded to pro nounce scutence upon him. After a few primary remarks, lie said that no reasonable doulit could exist of the guilt of the prisoner, and sentenced him to be hung iu public on Friday, 2nd December. Mr Brown received his sentence with composure. 