SUNDAY EVENING SERVICES AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. TUB DEAN OP MELBOURNE. Yesterday evening, the very reverend tho Dean of Melbourne officiated at the eleventh of .the Sunday evening services performed at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. I Long before the time of commencing the service, 7 p.m., the theatre was Crowded to excess, and many being unable to find standing room were compelled to leave. After the hymn commencing — ' Incarnate God i tho soul that knows Thy name's mysterious power ' Had beensung,|tlie 55th chapter of Isaiah was read, and but almost in. the precise words used in the Church of England service. The . hymn com mencing — . ' Jesus shall reign where er the sun was then sung, and The Dean delivered tlie following address, taking tho 13th .chapter of Matthew, and the 45th and 4Gtli verses for liis text : 'The kingdom of Ilcaven is like unto a merchant man seeking goodly pearls, who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.' My dear brethren, — the Scripture affords us words of invitation, words of reproof, and Words of consolation, fitted for every character iu man, for . every- position in life. And those who study the Word of God, may well say of it what the woman of Samaria said of Christ — ' Come, see, I have found a man which told me all that ever I did or thought.' It speaks to the heart, and therefore it speaks to us from God, who alone can speak to the heart. Some portions of it speak to the heart of one, other ? portions to the heart of another man. But this text cannot be sent to the heart of one man more than another — to the haughty and -Pnul innmtlwii f n th n ambitious and licen tious Herod, to tho wealthy Dives moro than to the beggar that picks up the crumbs that fall from his table. It speaks to all men alike, for all are alike engaged by one desire; all alike in search of one object. The whole human family— the strongest and the weakest, tlie wisest and the most foolish, the holiest and the most abandoned— are agreed in seeking after that one object— happiness. To quote the words of the poet : — . ' Happiness, our being's end and aun, Health, pleasure, ease, content, wliate'er they name, That something still which breathes the eternal sigh, For which we dare to live or dare to die. With all of us- happiness is the object ot' our pursuit ; but we may pursue it wisely when it : may be attained, or we may be seeking it where it cannot bo found. AVc are indeed all seeking I goodly pearls. There ate none of us indifferent to our interests ; we ail desire some one tiling from which we anticipate happiness. One man seeks it in the pursuits of ambition : lie fondly imagines that power, name, applause, honor will kring felicity. Another seeks it in the pursuit of wealth : he adds house tr- house, and iielcl to field-.uhtil there be no place lefc. Another seeks it in 'the haunts ot pleasure, and thinks that to gratify his senses, . to satisfy tho lust of the eye, the pride of life will ensure it. Each bends all his faculties to the attainment of it. But, oh ! how few consider for a moment whether they are seeking for it in that place where it can alone be found, or in some other place where it can not. But, wherever men seek for it, they are possessed by a, common instinct. Onward they go, higher they reach for its attainment, and did they but ; for a moment consider that it points upwards, beyond all earthly tilings, - they would seek- for it in the source of all happiness, God alone. None has ever yet attained a realization of his wishes so great, but he has desired . a greater ; none has climbed so high, but he de sired to climb higher. Alexander tho Great, when he had conquered this world, was not satis fied, he desired more worlds to conquer. The same truth is to be learned from the story of the man who when he had got a million of money, yet desired more, and ventured it ; but when ne lost one half it by the venture, threw himself from the Monument. And the sons of pleasure are no exception to the rule. When they have abused their faculties, when they have destroyed their constitutions, when tliey have wasted their fortunes, and even when they have no other sense to gratify, do they abandon their search after pleasure ? ' No ; they do not, like children, throw their toys away ; but they seek some higher, deeper pleasure. But why do not they all cease in their hot chase, and for a moment consider the things that are around them ? If they would hut for a little withdraw themselves from the noise and din of life, all nature speaks to them. Looking at the meridian sun, at the moon in her brightness, at the stars spangling the sky, should we not ask who formed them ? Must he riot be brighter than the sun in liis meridian blaze; vaster than the expanse of heaven which he has created and peopled with infinite suns ? Look ing at the earth, spread like a carpet beneath our feet, at its flowers and its fruit, surely it behoves us to think of the tenderness, the beauty aud tho perfection of the mind that has framed tliem, and to turn our thoughts to the heavens where He dwells in all his glory. And if we look at man, to whom He has given health, strength, vigor, beauty ; for whem He has crowned all nature with delight ; _ for wlldm ? he makes the wine to sparkle in the cup, the balmy air to fan his brow, and the earth to bring forth ten thousand luxuries, are we not taught to look up to him the source, and fountain of all these pleasures around us ? Are we ; not taught to look tlirough nature up to nature's God ? Are we not taught 'to feel that there is something nobler than earth's 'am- bition : something more * glorious than all the pomp and splendour of earthly riches ; some thing more joyous than the gratification of earthly senses ; — namely, communion with him who is the creator of them all, the giver of all good gifts, and the foundation of all joy ? But men will persist in forgetting their Creator. Their language is practically, ' We desire not the knowledge of his ways ; we prefer taking that which God has made, the faculties that he has bestowed upon ' us, and whatever wo find delightful to our faculties, rather than to approaih God himself — the fountain of them all. Not all , men say this with their mouths ; they sometimes think of God ; but in reality, in their life, by their conversation, .we see that he is practically for gotten — -whilst the things which he lias bes:owed on them are greedily sought after. Now let me ask you why is it that we do not at once give up this eager pursuit of life's pleasures, and seek in God the fulness of those earthly things in which we delight so much, and wliich promise so large an increase of happiness to those who seek it in the author of them ? It is because the sins of men stand between them and then1 Creator. They hear in their consciences' the awful words ' Without holiness no man shall see the Lord,' ' Thou art of purer eyes than to behold iniquity,' and the testimony of conscience to their own^ sinfulness is the witness of truth which they vainly essay to „:l ? ? Tl.„* fx tlm rlonrnvitv nf human nature is no vain report. Whence did the Jew derive his doctrine ? He found it in the Scriptures of the Old Testament. Whence did Mahomet obtain it ? He searched deeply those Scriptures, and he found it there ; and whence have we, Christians, derived it ? It may be said of us too that we have derived _ it from our early training. But tliis cannot be said of the Heathen world : of the nations that bow down to stocks and stones. It is not their early training, and the divine revelation whence they obtain it. Amongst the ancient heathen nations, possessing the highest civilisation, whilst the most beautiful and benignant forms were given to their gods and goddesses, forms the most terrible and malignant that the mind of man could conceive, or the hand of man execute were devoted to evil ; forms intended to shadow forth the awful indignation of God against fallen men. It is this consciousness of sin that drives the inhabitants of India, to whom the rumor of Christianity has never reached, to fly to sacred rivers and fountains for purification ; that impels them to cast their children into tho water that the anger of their gods may be appeased ; that actuates them to torment themselves that they may obtain forgiveness, and at last finding no rest from the reproaches of their conscience on earth, to cast themselves down before the_ wheels OI J uggerniiui » cui , uiui u y mull ouniiniigo IU' death in the body they may obtain pardon for their souls. And it is this universal sense of sin ? that terrifies man in the presence of holiness, and makes him turn back at the approach of his Creator. And it is this universal sense of sin which explains to us the paradox tliat, in proportion, as a nation holds a purer faith, indi viduals in it become indifferent to its teachings ; so that natives of Heathen countries are as tonished at their ungodliness. It is because God is revealed to tliem as a being of perfect holiness, to be appeased by no vain sacrifices of their own, and they turn back from the revelation of him, to_ revel in their sins. Oppressed with a_ sense of ?in, they yet seek in sin a relief from thtir oppres sion, and instead of using the works of nature and the blessings of providence to look up, as through a telescope, tlirough nature to nature's God, they use them as a blind and as a veil to shield him from their eyes. How different the : vnnrr.Vinnt-mnri I TTr* Hfmkinor goodly pearls, and when he had found one of great price, he wont and Bold all that he had and bought it. Now we ask what is that pearl of great price? It is this, beloved brethren, I need not tell you, for your own wants will answer — it is Christ Jesus, tho Lord'. Man seeks for happiness and finds it not — he is a merchant seeking for goodly pearls and finding them not, until at last finding Christ he sells all that he has hitherto found, and obtains in him tho pearl 'of- groat price. But what is it in Clirist that satisfies' the sonl ? What is it that makes the finder give up all that lie lias that ho may receive him into liis heart ? It is this. The moment that the squl sees and knows Christ, it knows God in Christ' as a reconciled father. For Christ is ' God manifest' in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, received : up into glory,' 'manifested to take away our sins.' ' In this was manifested the love of God towards us, that God sent His only begotten Son into the world that we might live tlirough him.' 'For God so loved the world that He. gaye Ilia ojily begotten Son, that whosoever believetli in him should not perish but have everlasting life.' A God of infinite love and infinite compassion could not look with satisfaction upon the work of bis own hands perishing in its helplessness. Yet, with reverence be it spoken, a God of infinite justice could not break his own laws — could not' trifle with Ilis own word. Men could not break Ilis law, and yet escape His punishment. Let us look at it more closely for a moment. If tho head of an army was to suffer his regulations to -be transgressed., and the transgressors to go ^un punished, what would bo the result ? That arrny would be found in tho day of battle a mob ready to fly before tho enemy; and in tlie camp, a tumultuous body, and a torment to the State which it was intended to defend, now siiouia we regard a judge who, sitting on the bench to dispense justice to all with an eren hand, so far 'ive way to feelings of compassion as to cease to make any dfference between tlie iiuiocent aud the guilty, suffered the injurious man to escape punishment, and the injured man, to bear his injury unredressed ? Would not life and pro perty, so far as his power extended, become inse cure, and the state of which he was n part, fall necessarily into ruin ? And could God, a being of infinite wisdom and infinite justice, suffer Ilis laws thus to fall into contempt ? Certainly not ! But there is away of escape forus. 'For although wo must needs die, and be as water spilt on tho ground, which cannot be gathered up again ; neither doth God respect any person; yet doth He devise means that Ilis banished be not ex pelled fioni him.' What He could not do by IILs power, His love and wisdom accomplished. By no liat cttuld even Ilis omnipotence accomplish it. In the creation of the world, He said, ' Let there be light, and there was light.' far He spake and it was done ; He commanded and. the world stood fast.-' But when the world was fallen and to be redeemed, His power availed Him not. There is one thing impossible with God — tho. Scriptures tell us ' It is impossible for God to. . ho,' to deny himself; the laws of God must be kept, His truth and justice must bo honored; and so that liis laws might not be broken, nor his truth and justice dishonored, ' the only begotten of the Father, King of kings, and Lord of lords, who onlv hath immor tality, — dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto' — the Creator Himself became a man, in every respect save in the sinful ness only, took upon himself all the helplessness and weakness of our human nature, humbled him-, self to the condition of the lowest, yet lived a life of holiness, wrestled with Satan, and overcame ? him in every .respect, perfect hi liis obedience to the law of God. Now mark, brethren, the Scrip ture is absolute in it3 demands for perfect obe dience, and full in its promises of rewards to tho ' righteous. Take for instance the 24th Psalm. The question is asked 'Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord ? or who shall stand in his holy placer' The. answer is ' Ho that liath clean hands, and a pure heart : who hath not lifted his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully ; he shall receive the blessing from the Lord, and righteous ntss from the God of liis salvation,' and further on there is the promise of glorification to tlie King of Glory. ' Lift up your heads, ye gates ; lift up your heads, ye everlasting doors, and the King of Glory shall come in.' It is asked ' Who is this King of Glory ?' It is the Lord of Hosts, lie is the ICing of Glory.' ? It was ' Jesus of Nazareth, perfect in holiness.' God bore witness to his holiness — ' This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased.' John the Baptist bofc wit ness to it — 'I have need to be baptized of tliec,' and comest thou to me?' ' He shall baptise you i with the Holv Ghost, and with fire.' 'Behold the Lamb of God, which taketli away the sui of the world.' The ecclesiastical authorities of the day bore witness to liis divinity. They found' no evil in Him, but ' they were all amazed at tlio mighty power of God.' They accused Him of nothing but that He came in power, and claimed to be the Son of God. Pilate bore witness to it. He washed his hands and said, 'I am innocent of tlie-blood of this just person.' The promise of God was to the righteous a crown of glory, and the full reward of tho life to come.' But what was the reward of Clirist perfect in righte ousness ? His was a life of patience, suffering, and of endurance, until at last we see him be ! traved by one of His one disciples ; given up to railers, carried from one judgment straight away to another, crowned with thorns, scourged, and mocked, and then drawn forth to be crucified,— compelled even to carry his own cross up tho heights of Calvary. Where then was the promise of deliverance to tlie righteous ? To Elijah, in his extremity, fire was seat down out of Heaven. Nay, he was taken there hi a chariot of fire. To Daniel in the den of lions there was an angel sent. The three children in the fiery furiiaco were protected by an angel like unto the Son of God himself, so tliat not a hair of them was singed. But where was the power to redeem this righteous man ? There was none. He was left, in . agony ; the heavens darkened over his head, and his despairing cry, ' My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?' rang through heaven and earth, and .will re-echo through eternity. He died and -, was buried. Why ? ' God laid . on him 'the iniquity of us all.'* He came to the sacrifice a willing victim, ho came ' to bear our siris inliis own person, and to bo a ransom for us.'.* The law of God was satisfied hi ,. his sacrifice, and he died in behalf of his people, . yet God had promised that he should see his seed, and that a portion should be given to him.- And ? thus he laid down his life in order that the justice of God shoidd be vindicated, and yet that his. people should be redeemed. That should show' us that a deviation from the law of God is no trifle. He was bound' that wc might be free : on Ilis head were 'poured the vials of wrath that mercy might go ,:1 forth to the world, . that the message '; might be sent unto them that are ready to perish. ' Come unto mc all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I -will give ' you rest.' ' God was justified and the. Saviour, . of them that- believe in Christ Jesus. Let this picture of God as man agonizing hi the garden, if possible give you some idea of the enormity of sin, and tempt you' to Christ. Let this cry of the Saviour on the cross show you the wrong of each trangression of . the law. Not the loss of ten thousand worlds c»uld so show the magnitude of your iniquities as this death of God manifested in the flesh to atone for them. Read it again and again ; but not as a tale of old ; read it, but read it not as a lesson to be gone through, but as a revelation from God to man, of the ' awful nature of -liis justice, and the infinite charac ter of lus love, i Having thus accepted Clirist, God sends forth a message by Christ to you. The , ; sinner may at once draw neiu- to God tlirough the ? blood of the everlasting covenants — ' the blood of Jesus Clirist, --his Son, eleanscth from all sin.' We may at once look up to God 'as our 'Father in Christ, forgiving our transgressions and sin.' ' He forgives all our transgressions; he blots out all our sins.' 'Who isa God like unto him, that inJrtiiUtr ntirl nnuar-t1i V\v trnnqpTOQRinn 41 He will turn again and have compassion on us, and will subdue our iniquities, and will cast all our -iniquities into the sea.' Here we have tho;'messagc of pardon to every sinner full, free, and absolute tlirough theSaviour. Come unto God, your Father, by Christ, and no more shall the voice of judgment be raised against . you, nor your conscience condemn your past sins. Like the negro, who at tho first recollection of un offence wliicli he had committed against his master, ina country . where negroes were treatod no better than tho beasts who perish, fled from his presence ; but who, when hunted almost to the death, snatched his master's .child in liis arms and fled unharmed beneath . the now powerless weapons of his pursuers into Ills master's, presence to receive .his for giveness, so shall you, bearing in your arms the sacrifice of Christ, go unscathed by the assaults of . evil, unharmed by the powers of dt'ath and liell, into the presence of your Father r in Heaven, to .dwell evermore in the joys of the redeemed. Clinging to Christ, you. shall ^ find safety, pardon,; blessedness. Here, then, is tho . pearl of great price, and when you have found it vou will gladly.'sell all that you liave in order to buy it. In Christ you shall find more _ than ? pardon : you shall find sympathy and happiness. , lie was amanof sorrows and acquainted withgrief ; a man who could feel for the sufferings of His ? apostles, and who desired their . sympathy. IIo felt ? that; He was i n man, had compassion for men, and sought compassion ' of tliem. ? When about to' raise Lazarus from; the dead, Jcbus wept. We cannot say why. , But wo can say that he possessed the feelings of , .a man.- Knowing that he was about tp dry aB tears, to repair all loss, lie yet sympathised with , the sufferings of his sister, and those who .loved ' liazarus. wo couiu iin«aull: v mighty to save, as a being occupying a pre:enu- : nent station, proud of his power, and of his ,mis sion, despising, nay laughing at the sorrows which he was about to remove. We can imagine a fond mother smiling iit the disappointment of the chad vainly seeking for her, : knowing that in , a moment she could disclose her presence, , and assuage its grief. So too might Christ, knowing that all things work together for our good, that, wo shall soon bo removed from our present trials, look down upon us. But no, he is more tender than a mother. . About to raise Lazarus, : Jesus -wept 1 ? Mile is a friend that sticketli closer than a brother.*' He not only makes provision for our safety and our relief, but he sympathises in our afflictions. WeU then, we have found this pearl of great price, hat did the man do when ho had found it . He sold all he hau. wo are noi mm ''j conception of its value, only that when _ lio found that- -it: was oxccedmg precious he was roady to sacrifice all that lie had, and all his hope^ of Jiaving more, to gain it. Aud if we really know Clirist we shall -do as he did— when we know him as the foun ; dation of honor, joy, wealth beyond all that tho ?world can give — when we know lum as satisiying the soul, all that wc have, and. that must pas* away from us, will- bo as nothing in comparison with it. Brigty tvi we the lights, and clew w tho prcwpssct around us in tliis building, all would : appear dim if but for a moment tlie sun should shine in upon it ; so the gay plea- j purcs of life, its gaudy trappings and its j vain applause fade into insignificance if j Christ beam into the soul. As says the ; apoatla. But what things were g*''1 t0 ] mc, those I counted l -ss for Christ. lea, j doubtbess, and I count all things but lost for , the excellency of the knowledge of Chgjst Jesus, j my Laid ; for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but doingi that I may win Christ.' Why did the merchant sell ' all' his foirtune ? Becausei when ho had got that one exceeding precious pearls, he could never surpass it. . A.nH when Paul had Christ, he could have no more.- In comparison with Christ - all things were as dung to him. Beloved brethren, the earth and all that it in habits must pass away ; soon must every _ soul of this vast assemblage stand before tlie_ living Ood. We may not recognise each other with the same individuality as we do now; that will be to a certain extent lost by the very circumstances which will ljring home to each of us with more awful reality his own individuality, when we must render up to our Creator an account of the deeds done in'our body — how we have lived, and what we have said. Oh, my beloved brethren, there is now set before us a way of escape from the judgment to come. Some of our men say, ' We are ready to see sin as' an evil, but we cannot extricate ourselves from it. We have no power to deliver ourselves. True it is Christ says, ' Without Me ye can_ do nothihg ;!' but St. Paul says, ' I can do all things through Christ that strengthenetli me and that is not language confined to any one man. It is the language of the weakest who throws himself on Clirist i-yv support. We are not lost through our -vtfeakness, but by imagined wisdom and by imagined strength. 'When feeling ourselves to be fnnla Two rm tn find for wisdom, and when feeling our own weakness we go to Christ for strength, then His wisdom be comes our wisdom, His strength our strength. ' Christ Jesus becomes unto us wisdsm, righteous ness, sonctification, and redemption. The world allurijs us; the Devil who tempts us is strong; the fltesh is weak ; but Clirist is willing ; he is etrong to save, and will not deny all them that put their trust in his name- Oh ! may the spirit of God leok down upon you ! Beloved brothers, you are seeking goodly pearls, if you find one of great price* will you not risk your happiness on it. ' Will not every* soul in search of happiness res pond, unto th^'Saviour's invitation, ' Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. l.IIo, everyone thatthirsteth, come [ye to the waters, and he that hath no money ; conic ye, buy and eat ; yea come, buy wine and milk without money and without pi ice. You have not find happiness ? Why not ? Because you liave not yet found favor in the sight of God. If yoti have not found Christ, you have not found happ iness. But now is the accepted time. God now speaks to you in Christ, willing to save all that come . unto him. Whatever do you ? spend money for thnt which is not bread ? and your labour for ? that ?which satisfieth not ? hearken diligently unto ine, and ? eat ye that which is good, and let your- soul ' deligjht itself in fatness.' There is sympathy, help , almighty power to deliver you. ''All those that come unto Christ, lie will in nowise cast out.' iuay , men, tne -opine 01 niu .uiving uuu it-atu juu, my 1 je'ovfed brethren, to find that pearl of great prici i — grant that you may seek it, and so court all thin gs that you may win Christ.' The sendee term inated by singing the hymn commencing 'O Tho 'a from whom all goodness flows,' and prayer having been offered by the rev. the Dean, the assemblage quietly dispersed. We may add that prioi: to the sermon, tho rev. gentleman stated that : in consequence of accidene ho was now confined to his house, adjoining St. James's Church, 'at which he invited any person so dis posed to visit him during the ci suing week. 