LOCAL INTELLIGENCE THE WAHGUNYAH RUSH.- Great excitement prevails on the Indigo res pecting this rush ; it would, perhaps, be wrong to name the rich prospects re ported. Suffice it to say that to our own knowledge 10 dwts. to an oil can have been obtained, and the rush is going ahead fast. BEECH WORTH CIRCUIT COURT. The business of the Circuit Court will ha opened on the 8th instant by the Chief Justice, Sir Wm. Stawell. It- is understood that there is civil business, and- very little criminal. BENALLA INSOLVENCY.-The case of George Cherty, for fraudulent insolvency and attempting to defraud his creditors, was to be tried in Melbourne on Monday before Judge Wrixon. NEW QUARTZ REEF.-A rich reef has been discovered at the-jrange adjoin ing Clear Creek, opposite Jarvis's public house, about four miles from Yachan dandah. The stone has been pronounced extremely rich. FLOODS.-Owing to the late heavy rains most of the claims at Rowdy Flat, Yackandundah, have been flooded. Great damage has been done in that locality from the swelling of the creeks. -The bridge at the Gap, near Johnson's public house, was taken away by the flood, and considerable inconvenience thereby caused to travellers. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-We regret to state that. Mr. Taylor, veterinary sur geon, of Ford street, Beechworth, met with a serious accident yesterday after noon, by which his life is endangered. He was in the act of docking a horse, when the animal kicked him violently in the chest. Dr. Crawford was im mediately called in, but Mr. Taylor was insensible, and lies at present in a pre carious state. EASTERN PROVINCE ELECTION. Mr. W. Highett, of Richmond, near Mel bourne, is a candidate for re-election for the Eastern Province. His address ap pears in our advertising columns. CAUTION TO MOTHERS.-A fine lit- tle boy, aged fifteen or sixteen months, the son of a person named Porritt, resi- dent at Holmes' Creek, had a narrow escape from death by drowning on last Saturday. He had been amusing him- self in front of the cottage door, in the vicinity of a large tub of soap-suds, and, during a short absence of his mother for a supply of water, fell head foremost into the dirty mixture. For- tunately his mother returned almost immediately, and withdrew him from his perilous position, otherwise, death must have resulted in a few moments. Some attention soon restored the lit- tle innocent to his usual health and liveliness. CONFIRMATION.-On Sunday last the rite of Confirmation was performed in the Roman Catholic Chapel, Beech worth, by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold. After addressing the assemblage in a few appropriate remarks, his Lordship confirmed those persons who had at tended for that purpose, being assisted in the ceremony by the Rev. Mr. Tierney. About forty individuals were confirmed, one of whom was an aged man. His Lordship afterwards cele brated Mass, and preached a very fine sermon to a large congregation. Not withstanding the extremely unfavora ble weather, rain falling heavily, the Chapel was crowded. Doctor Goold opened the Mission at Yachandandah yesterday, and remains there until this evening. On to-morrow he will be at Belvoir, and on Friday he will com mence at Chiltern. THE POLICE CLERK.-We have been informed that Mr. Walden, Police Clerk at Beechworth, has recei ved the appointment of Clerk to the Geelong Bench, vacant by the promo tion of the late Clerk. Mr. Walden carries with him the best wishes of the community, by whom he was much respected. We trust this removal is only the precursor of higher advance ment in the service of the Govern ment, for which he is eminently quali fied by general ability and propriety of demeanour. STATIONERY.-A very attractive shop has been opened in Ford-street, Beech worth, by the Messrs. Seaborn, for the disposal of general stationery. There is no other shop of the same d scription in the ab;>ve street, and it will therefore prove a great convenience to persons in that part of the town. The Messrs. S. are respectable young men, and will command the support of a large pro portion of the inhabitants of the district. Their stock is well selected, and suitable to the wants of the locality. TOWN RATES.-To-morrow will be the last day to receive over-due rates. The Town Clerk will be in attendance at his office until four o'clock, for the pur pose of receiving such rates as have not been paid in. On the following and secceeding days distress warrants will be issued against defaulting ratepayers, who cannot charge the Town Clerk with pre cipitancy in the matter, as he has given timely and repeated notices on the subject. NEW PAMPHLET.-A neatly got up pamphlet has just been issued from the printing office of Mr. W. II. Williams, Melbourne, a copy of which was for warded to^ our office by yesterday's coach. It is entitled *' The Land Bill: ; with- Instructions how to Select and how to Settleby C. F. Bushfield, Esq., F.L.S. We shall avail ourselves of part of its contents in our next issue, as we "consider the concluding chapter contains' much valuable information for those persons about " to seitle,".and therefore wish to know " how to select," - . GOLD ESCORT. - The escort this morning takes down to Melbourne 11329 ounces of gold, being an increase of 147 ounces upon the last escort return. The increase would have been much larger but for the non-arrival of the Buckland escort. THE MAIL FOR ENGLAND.-^5^ 159 letters, including- 2662 registered; and 57)514 newspapers were despatched ner'Jeddo cn the 26th inst. ' TiTtE DEEDS.-Crown grants are Iving an the Receipt and Pay Office, Beechworth, for Hand, George, 86a lr 36p, Everton; Dunphy, Jdseph, da «ir 28p, Porepnnlfab. a LOCAL INSOLVENT.-Henry Leigh, of Wangaratta, restaurant keeper. Cause of insolvency-Pressure of creditors. Debts, £116 2s. 8d.; assets, 107 4s.; deficiency, £8 18s. 8J.' Mi*. Goodman, official assignee. OXLEY BRIDGE.-;The Oxley farmers are bestirring themselves in the endea vour to obtain a bridge across the Ovens River at or near the village of Oxley. A petition has been prepared and signed by a large number of the residents in the locality. We understand the peti tion has jieen forwarded to Melbourne for presentation to Doctor Greeves, the newlv appointed President of the Board ! of Land and Works. There is no doubt -of the complete success of the move I ment, and of the great urgency of the i contemplated work. | CROWN LANDS. - The following hnds in the Ovens District will shortly i be open for selection under the new Land Act:-14,000 acres adjoining ! Indigo goldfields, 10 mile north-west of Beechworth, adjacent to the town ships ol Barnawartha and Chiltern, and* 8 miles south of tbs Murray river, open forest land of fair quality. 58,000 i acres on the King Rivei and Filteen i Mile Creek, 8 miles south of Wanga : ratta, 25 miles south-west of Beech ; worth; open and thick forest country ! of fair quality, well watered. | MELBOURNE MAIL - Communica tion with the metropolis becomes more speedy than heretofore from the 1st Jn stant, aud will continue so during the ensuing summer months. The mail coach will occupy only twenty-four hours in the journey from Melbourne to Beechworth, so that we mt*y reasonably sxpecfc the delivery of letters and papers at an early hour in the evening. This is an arrangement much needed, ss by that means replies to correspondence can be forwarded on the ensuing morn ing. SYDNEY.-The Argus has the follow ing items of news from Sydney to last Sunday :-The Land Bill has been introduced, and ordered for second reading next Thursday ; its provisions are the same as introduced last session. -The proprietors of tha Empire were summoned to give evidence bftfore a court- martial on Corporal Saville, for publishing a letter in that journal at tacking his superior officers. They were peremptorily ordered to produce the manuscript, but they did not. They were next ordered to give a list of all in their employment at once, so that they might be summoned as witnesses, and were threatened with an attach ment arfU committal to Darling-hurst Gaol, under the 7th section of the Mutiny A't,if they Eefused compliance. To-day's Empire contains a strong lead ing-article on the subject; and f heard that the court has since adjourned sin# die; doing nothing.-The Colporteur from California has brought a hundred tons of Chilian flour, and 7,600 bags of wheat. Reports three vessels loadino for Sydney, and three for Melbourne^ She is a vessel not reported in the list of those coming to Australia. HOGARTH A TRUE MORALIST In this age have been found critics stupid and malevolent enough to accuse every author who writes wilh a purpose, and who endeavours to draw attention to social vices, of imposture and of hypoc risy. He should be content, these critics hold, to describe the things he sees; he is. a humbug if he moralise i upon them. It is not unlikely that the ; vicious Fribbles of Hogarth's time held similar opinions, and took Hogarth to be a reckless painter of riotous scenes', and who just infused sufficient morality'into them " to make the tiling go off." It was otherwise with him, I hope and believe. I am firmly convinced that the sm and shame of the evils he depicted were as deeply as they were vividly im pressed on Hogarth s mind-that he was as zealous as any subscriber to a Refu gee, a Reformatory, or a Home can now be to abate a dreadful social evil;»that his hatred for the wickedness of dissolute men, his sympathy for women, iallen and betrayed; his utter loathing for those wretched scandals to their5 sex, the women whose trade it is to decoy women, was intense and sincere. I do not believe in the sincerity ot Fielding who could grin and chuckle over the orgies of the Hundreds of Druryand the humours of the bagnio. I find even , the gentle aud pure-minded Addison simpering in the "Freeholder" about certain frequenters of Somerset House masquerader. But Hogarth's satire in the "Harlot's Progress" never makes you laugh. It makes you rather shudder and stagger, and turn pale. The six pictures which form this tragedy were painted immediately after his marriage fhey were painted in the presence of a young, beautiful, and virtuous woman who read her Bible, and loved her husband with unceasing tenderness; and casting to the winds the mock morality and hp virtue that fear to speak of the things depicted in his « Progress," I say that no right-minded man or wonran will be the worse for studying its phases. -Lorn/all Magazine. % A HINT TO LUMBERMEN.--A cor respondent of the Scientific American SayS 5 ' eems t0 a new idea to you that the twist of trees generally l"rns 'n the same direction as the sun. My observation has been more particu larly upon pines Chip a pine at the stump height, and if it chips or winds with the sun, leave it, for it will not do for-shingles; the higher up you try it the more you will find it to wind. On the contrary, if it winds against the course of the sun, the twist will run out m some ten feet, and the grain then either contmuesstraight to the remainder of the length"; or perha^v^T^ winds with the sun, near the tnUni3!N tree. -This k. fact "i4t0f » fc true than curious. 119 ^ . SNOW STORM AND LOSS OP Tm LIVES. The Cooma correspond1, the Toss Courier, writing 011 the ru says :-"As some parties were cle ? some of the snow which had d r about their claim, they came up0?!f bodies of four men in one paV sev.en in another, smothered in the l" snow storm. These bodies wen> fn at the head of the Tumut; many otJ: are missed. Another pavty, breaking up the frozen snow with ni/ struck upon the remains of an UnLM nate digger." ' A SEAL.-^On Saturday last, a3 Nay lor and another person w?re6i. shooting on the sea coast towards^l Fairy, they observed a lar»e seal on til beach, some distance from farm. ' The animal was soon despatch® with the gun, and proved to be ajj seal, about eight feet long, and weij ing three or four hundred weight, f J inconvenience of carrying 80 ^ J body over the hummocks, caused J animal's baptors to leave him on J beach, or we are sure they might b-k earned something by exhibiting initl town. This coast at one time wa;l favorite resort lor seals, more especial, the islands in the bay, but of late yf-,r our.traders have completely frighteif them away. - Warrncmbool JSxuriM ACCIDENT by FIRE.-On Suni] evening, a woman, named Sarah Rijl residing at Mia Mia Flat with a ni named Thomas Thommell, wassevtil burnt about the upper part of her bj It appears that she came home to J hut and lighted a candle with a sm j piece of paper, which she aftemil threw upon the floor. She went outsil to procure wood, and then discover! that her clothes were on fire. Sliecaill for assistance, and Thommall cameol side and extinguished the fire, but J before she was severely burnt abouttl| body. Dr. Bourne was promptly call in and dressed the wounds, but, osiJ to the injuries she has receivedj hesul no hope of her recovery.- M I Western Chronicle. PROVIDENTIAL ESCAPE.--OaPrii evening a singular accident and E® happened to a little boy about SS! years old, named Ferguson. Itappe; that the little fellow had "been sent! his mother, at about five o'clock inil aiternoon, to look for some goats, SI posed by II9R to be running in F neighborhood of the White Hill,, T: evening passed away, and as he didr return the mother naturally beci: very much alarmed for his safety, J spent tho greater part of the ni;HT searching for him ineffectually. Ea: on Saturday morning she proceeded the police office, and obtained tho as, tance of a constable to prosecute t search. In the-course of two or th: hours the child was found,down at fifty feet' deep, into which he had fal while pursuing the goats. He R was somewhat exhausted, and hist was a little cut, but beyond this he W perfectly uninjured. The boy's si; not being1 very strong, and it IK dusk at the time, will readily acco; for his stumbling into the hole.-AN' Advertiser. A BOLTER.-On Saturday last,;. Bendigo Advertiser, a conveyance c: taining two gentlemen and two of; fairer sex, drove up to the Presbyter. Church in Bull- street. The brides®: -for it was evidently a wedding; PARTI was handed out by the " best p: man," as he is incorrectly styled these occasions ; and the bridegro gave his hand to the bride, who skip; on to the pavement, when, instead making but two steps to the cbu porch, as the majority of sensible woe would have done, the young lady, to surprise cf the two friends, to the ho: and consternation of the bridegro: and the intense amusement of the: standers, actually took to her HEELS,; bolted, as a sportsman would say, LIT filly who never determined to rue harness. The three parties most inf ested stood looking at each otheri some time, until seeing no chance the bride's retu- n, they philosophies g t into the conveyance, and drove® Wh at the poor fellow's feelings ntf have been we must leave to he 'lfl gined by those who have been similar situated, in which category it IS to I hoped there are few. DEATH-BED SCENES.-Tho rich C-. dinal Beaufort said-" And I MUST DI Will not all my riches save me ? ICOC purchase the kingdom if that would p long my life. Alas ! there is no bnbi death." An English noble man said have a splendid passage co the grave, die in state, and languish under a canopy; I am expiring on SOFT; downy pillows, and AM^ESPSCTAJN}' tended by my servants anft^/SICIAT my dependants sigh; my sis**rs my father bends beneath A LOAU.VI J and -years; my lovely WIIE. FJE! silent, conceals her inmost - friend who was as my own ^IM PRESSES his sighs, and leaves ME, (|J; his secret grief. But 0 ! which10: - will bail me from the arrest OF 1 ? ^ Who can descend into the dark pi .; the grave with me ? Here they A ?' me, after having paid a few it ^ monies to the breathless clav WINE lie reposed in state, while my SOU, only conscious part, mayst ind treffl before my J udge." The celebia T leyrand on his deatli-hed was VISI e Louis Phillippe, King off the J-11 " How do you feel?" said the KM?I answer was, " Sire, I AM pangs of the damned." SIR * Scott said-Until this moment 1 ^ J that there was neither a CJ-od nor A Now I know and feel that there AIe and I am doomed to perdition^ 1 just judgement of the Almighty. * ?man when dying, was informed ) physician that he should prepare ^ worst. " Cannot I live a week F * said vhe doctor, "you will proba . tinue but a little while." " ^aXD° " said the dying man ; u I W^|PIVEu hundred thousand dollars Jf prolong my life three days than an hour he was dead. FOI,D BROUGHAM. -During the bseiice from circuit of Mr. Campbell Lw I«ortl ^ampbeU) on. his matrimo [is! trip with the ci-devant Miss fygrlett, Justice Abbott observed, when " fl(1se was cailed on, " I thought Mr. Campbell was in this case. " " Yes, i j,v Lord," replied Mr. Brougham, j ^ $ that sarcastic look peculiarly ! jjis own; " be was^my Lord, but I tin- I island he is ill. ". "I am sorry to l0r that, Mr. Brougham," said the Jod?e» lakin£ snuff' " My Lord, " p.plied Brougham. " It is whispered fjere that the cause of my leamed friend's absence is the Scarlett fever.*' Scottish Guardian. CnowN LAND SALE.- liie total ount realised at the sales cf Crown is on Wednesday and Thursday , 7 week was about £6,882. The litest price given per acre was £3 12s r° £164 acres at Thurgona, purchased J0.,r)[r. John Mitchell,-Border Post. KiandrA*-Ferguson's coach arrived Aibury on Friday last, bringing anything' but satisfactory news. A jo'gtor and two Adelaide miners* who given the place a fair trial, state that the greatest distress prevails, and jjje result in the case of ihe two latter, after four months' hard and persevering libour, is as follows : - One realised five shillings, the other twenty. From all tre Lear we can only conclude that Kiandm can never be what is known ns a " poor man's diggings," and only those with capital have the ghost of a . chance of succeeding there.-Aibury Banner.. STOLEN LETTERS.-A curious ques tion is disturbing and entertaining the readers of German newspapers. It is said that copies of the private corres pondence of the Prince Regent of Prussia with the Prince Consort of England have been stolen, and that the Emperor Napoleon has come into pos session of them. In one or more of these letters, so runs the story, the Em peror is spoken of in manner not quite so respectful as that publicly employed. Farther, it is said, that the Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, on the part of his master, has demanded explanations from the Prussian Minister, that Baron Sclileimtz has replied that he csn speak for the Government as a consti tutional minister, hut that he knows nothing of the private correspondence of high personages. He declined to institute any enquiry. The French Ambassador is represented to have said, that "as there was such a discrepancy between the private statements of the Prince Regent and the public state ments of the Government, no other way remained to convince the Emperor of the genuineness of the sentiments of the Prussian Cabinet than a personal interview between the Emperor Napo leon IIL and the Prince Regent." -Freeman's Journal. 