SKETCHES IN THE HOUSE. THE FIRST "DIVISION." "I THINK the 'noes' have it," quoth Mr. Speaker ; "Divide ! divide !" shout the Op- position; and the Serjeant-at-Arms tinkles the division bell for the first time in the Queensland Parliament. The Ministry "ties" with the Opposition at the very onset, and only gain their end by the casting vote of the Speaker. The hon. member for Warwick—the "whipper in of the ministry," as some peo- ple will persist in calling him, "moved the address" in reply to the Governor's speech. I rather expected an "oration" from the fine old gent with the saintly prefix, but there was an evidence of "getting up" about his speech that was manifest enough, even to the casual observer. He had previously moved the appointment of a committee to prepare the address, and that committee had retired, and returned—selon le regle— with the document itself, already printed and prepared for the consideration of hon. members. But St. George of Warwick d not find his speech in the committee room along with the address. Oh no? There is a twisted fragment of foolscap in his hand, which he twirls over and over with nervous satisfaction, and by-and-bye he discovers upon it a quotation from that "dead but deathless" genius Babington Macaulay. Dullard that I was, I thought that the hon. member's past colonial experience would make him so hopeful of a glorious future that we should be led on in advance of Time to the stirring strains of the pas de triomphe, but, much to my amazement, I was asked—or rather, the House was asked, for I don't happen to be an "hon. mem.,"—to look back for a mere trifle of 200 years, and to think of the "glorious restoration." Just fancy ! We Queens- landers, taking our first walking lessons, without a friendly finger to guide us, but yet brimful of independence, and hopeful of the future, called upon to look back with analogical spectacles upon the overthrow of independence, and the enthronement of Old Rowley. Not that Badumba had anything to say against Cromwell ! not by no means ! He was a great man, very ; won a great many battles, presumedly ; and had ruled the kingdom, clevely : but still he was not the clean potatoe altogether, and although the second Charles was a worth- less vagabond, his return to his father's throne was a splendid affair, and something for us to remember—apropos of our posi- tion. Wh-e-e-w ! But I must not forget that St. George has nothing to say against Cromwell. " Ah ! thou unquiet shade ! in- terloper in a kingly line I just go back again to Hades, and stick there. Thou wert a splendid fellow, but we worshippers of the " right divine" don't exactly know how to fix it—whether to praise or condemn thy memory, and if you'll just do the proper thing, and lie quietly—as a decent, respect- able ghost ought—we won't disturb you offener than we can help." Of course I don't mean to say that St. George delivered himself of this apostrophe in the House ; not at all ; but I thought I might supply a little bit of exorcism for him. Some aveng- ing spirit of the Puritan era must have been hovering over the hon. member after deliver- ing himself of his little bit of historical re- miniscence, for he shortly after lost himself or lost "the thread," as word spinners call it —and the peculiar twitching of the mouth certainly warranted the idea that the hon. member was having a " quiet swear" at him- self. However, all things will have an end, and so had Badumba's oration. Next came up the seconder, the second favorito oí West Moreton, and what miiBt ho do but capsize my nerves by " plunging headlong into eternity,"-just going on as many years as the proposer had gone bade. I heard what Queensland was to bo in that "headlongplunge/'andlmanagedtokoepthe lion, member's soaring horoscopes in sight until ho lind reached the very acme of bathos, and bogan to talk about " domestic cows !" Then I incontinently collapsed ; and, unless my ears deceived me, there was an unmistakeable " snigger" on the part of bon. members, especially from James of the hugo caput-the twin firstling of Western Downs. But I must do the noble Dclvos the credit of snying that ho hold on mail fully. "With head erect, the left hand in his coat breast, and occasionally " sawing the air" with his right," ho went through his performance with considerable eclat, and, although his Pegasus had reached tho vulgar earth sooner than tho rider intended -owing to the ^snigger" aforesaid- ho yet trotted in at the finish in a stylo that drow forth a cheer-oven from tho composed and equable O'sullivan. I nocd not enlarge upon the fact that tho rctrospeot of St. George, and the . second sight of Doives, had but little effect upon those members whose unpoctical temj pornments led them to exhibit a most un romantic affection for tho presont. Tho parent in the baok ground, and in the foreground aeertain fair maiden throwing herself into the eager embrace of a stalwart lover ; the dramatis personas being res- pectively New South Wales, the Clarence distriot, and Queensland. Atjthe declaration of the poll for West Moreion, a protest waa entered by Mr. Chubb, on behalf of Mr. Cardew, against the, return of Dr. Nelson, as boing^ a priest ii» holy orders, and so disqualified for election. It has since been announced that Dr. Nelson has resigned his pastor- ate. Whether this resignation, however, will 'constitute a valid qualification, we cannot say. One would imagino that in the Church of Scotland it is semel clericus, semper clericus, and that it is not compe- tent to a man to unfrock himself. At a meeting of the Municipal Council on Monday, the assessment was fixed, and a rate of 1B. in the pound determined upon for the year 1860. Mr. Hingston waa appointed assistant to the Town Clerk and Collector, at a salary of 35s. per week. The Tamar arrived horo early on Saturday morning, bringing among3t her passengers the Rev. B. G. Wilson. We learn from our Maryborough correspon- dent that Mr. Wilson had made progress there, and had got together large congre- gations. About £90 had been subscri- bed towards the erection of a chapel for Mr. Hinton, who is to remain at Mary- borough. MAY 12 TO MAY l8. WITH the elections concluded, and the Houses awaiting the vivifying influence of a Governor's speech, and the adminis- tration of sundry oaths, to start them into aotive existence-the past week has rata a smooth and uneventful coursa. Within ken, however, ns it were of two Buch memorable days as Tuesday and Thursday next will prove, one is content to dispense with good things in posses- sion, in anticipation of the good things in store. Indeed, whose pulse is likely to be quickened the hundredtli part of a second by accounts of daring robbery or terrific thunderstorm, when his faculties are all absorbed in speculating upon the august ceremonies shortly to be enacted in the Brisbane Courthouse and Immi- grants' Barracks ? Whose intellectual palate could be tempted by the Tac;est and most artfully concocted piece of startling intelligence when his beatific visions consist, waking and sleeping, of Houses of Parliament, Governors, Presi- dents, Speaker», Maces, Levees, Uniforms, State-balls, aristocratic beauty, &c;, &c.; 1 No one's surely ; and, least of all, those of Queenslander, so all unuced to the Westminster and St. James' splendour, about io burst upon their entranced senses. As a link between the dull present and brilliant future, we may record the arri- val of Sir Charles Nicholson by the last steamer. Sydney papers appear to have been premature in their announcements of the Baronet's forthcoming marriage. They were in error, at all events, in as sertingjthat Sir Charles intended to take to himself a bride ?» lieu of the Presi- dency of the Queensland Council. To say the truth, wo have all along been unable to discover in what way one kind of indulgence was incompatible with the other. Surely Sir Charles Nicholson could bo President of the Council and a married man to boot. Enforced compa- nionship with a few old ladies daily would, one would think, only give addi- tional zest to the sooiety of a young one As some misapprehensions seem to exist in reforence to the number of mem- bers of which tho Council is to consist, we take this opportunity of reminding our readers that tho gentlemen (eleven in number) whoso names appeared in the Government 'Gazette of Friday, were appointed by his Excellency Sir W. Benison. It will be competent to Sir Georgo Bowen to increase tho number, after the assembling of the Parliament, indefinitely, should he so pleaso. The minimum limit for the number of mem- bers is five ; no maximum is mentioned. Messrs. Harris and D. F. Roberts, whose names do not appear in the Gazette, have been ofibred, and have accepted scats in ! the Council. Owing to the absence of several of the Aldermen on juries, there wns no quorum, and consequently no meeting, of the Municipal Counoil on Monday. (At the land sale on Monday, tho amount realised by the salo of country lots, in the parish of Capalaba, and of suburban allotments in the parish of North Brisbane, amounted to £4543 12s. 2d.i On Tuesday, by tho sale of country lots in the parishes of Eunogera and Tingalpa, and of town lots in the village of Lytton, the sum of £959 19s. Id. was realised. The "Government Gazette of Thursday announces a sale of land to take place at the Polioo Office, Diayton, on the 19th of> JUDO, of country and town lots in the parish of Gooniwindi : and on the 26th of June, at the Polioo Office, Condamine, of ¡country, suburban, and town lots, iujhe parish of Condamine. The small quantity, of country lands (eighty ncres) advertised to be sold, strikes one i as rather singular, ' consider- ing the capabilities and requirements of the district. ;The civil sittings of tho Supreme Court commenced on Monday, and terminated the next day. The case of Towns v Hobbs was again decided for the defend- ant, the jury ovidontly considering that no satisfactory evidence had been adduced on behalf of tho plaintiff to show that Messrs. Towns and Co , of Brisbane, Ii ad actually been tho losers of tho sum paid on Captain Murphy's account. The only other case of any importance was that of Kyozor and another v. Difflo. Tho plaintiffs olaimed shares in a nugget found by the defendant, and tlio caso windi had orjginully come before the muster iu Equity ^ad been roforred to a jury for ther deoision as to whon the partneiship between the plaintiffs and tho defendant terminated. Tho vculiol of tho jury cs tiblisho» the right of tho plaintiffs to a Bliare in the nugget jTheoriminal sittings couinienood yes- terday, and^wpl be found reported ia our eolttUBf elsewhere I At the adjourned licensing meeting on Wednesday, Mr. Quirk, the chief consta- ble, received a well-merited snub from the Police Magistrate for absenting himself from Courts of Petty Sessions, to which it is to be hoped, for the sake of his pocket, and immunity from further snub- bing, he will attend. The new Ferry Regulations were pub- lished in the Couria' of Thursday, and are worthy of general attention. To those gentlemen who may find it necessary on the assembling of Parliament to keep late hours, we would suggest attention to a portion of the eleventh clauso, which imposes a penalty of £5 upon tho lessees of ferries in case any " oolleotor,boatman, or ferryman, shall not be in attendance by day and by night at the place at which he is stationed or ought lo be." If ferrymen are properly paid for night work, no one need feel any compunction in roquiring their services ; if they are not properly paid the fault will rest with the lessees, and on them will justly fall the penalty for the detention of passen- gers. The Yarra Yarra steamer arrived on Sunday and left again for Sydney on Thursday. Among other passengers, she brought with her Sir 0. Nicholson, and Mr. Paterson, Manager of the A. S. N. Company. The Captain of the Leonidas, Mr. Allarc'yce, has addressed a letter to tho Courier, complaining that Messrs. J. and G-. Harris, to whom the cargo of the Leonidas was consigned, refuse payment of freight, on the grounds of his declining to accepta certain proposal made by them for shipment to London. Captain Allardyce describes himself as having offered to ship cargo on liberal terms, though not those proposed by the con- signees, and complains of their refusal to pay his freight (which involves the deten- tion of the Leonidas in'the bay) asan illegal attempt to satisfy a grudge. To these allegations, the Messrs. Harris have replied in our present issue. Two mules and two horses have lately been found on the watershed of tho Comet and Mackenzie Rivers, and it is believed that they are remnants of Dr. Leichhardt's last ill-fated expedition. The land for the site of the Bank of Australasia has been purchased and the plans for the building are being prepared in Syduey. The land has a frontage to both Queen and Edward-streets. Madame Stevenson and company have been giving entertainments at the School of Arts and South Brisbane during the last week, but not, we fear, with very satisfactory results, in a pecuniary point of view. Our Maryborough correspondent states that much dissatisfaction is felt in that district at an answer received from the Government to a complaint made "by thirty-two electors of Mr. Halloran's conduct. The people of that district, moreover, feel themselves aggrieved at the very short visit which they .are infor- med his Excellency intends to pay them A numerously attended meeting has been held at Casino, at which it was de- termined to present a petition to the Legislature of New South Wales for the erection of a bridge across the Richmond River at Casino-that place being in the direct line of postal communication with the Richmond district and Queensland. Our colony will share in the benefit to be derived from the erection of the bridge. On Monday an inquest was held at Ipswich, on the body of John Cano, found dead in his bed the previous morn- ing. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased had died from natural causes. At the mooting of tho Ipswich Mun- icipal Council on Thursday» legislative, financial, and improvement committees were appointed, and it was resolved that the meetings of the Council should take place every Thursday at 4 p.m. The North Australian states that there is no doubt of another election for West Moreton, in consequonco of the illegality of Dr. Nelson's return, and that Mr. Kent has determined to solicit the votes of the electors. Our extraots from the Darling Downs Gazette contain an account of the death of Mr. Finlay Ross, of Greenbank, by drowning. The death appears to have been the result of cramp. From May 19 to May 25. TriE events celebrated on Tuesday and Thursday last-the openiug-of the first Queensland Parliament and the anniver- sary of her Majesty's birth-day,- must liave called to the mind of British subjects features in our political constitution no less farailar than dear to us. A Briton may defy the nations of the whole earth to match him in two respeots-the amount of national liberty be enjoys in viitue of representative government, and the per- sonal excellence of his Sovereign. From the North Cape to the Horn, from Chili to Kamsoliatka, a subject of the British crown may fearlessly ohallenge his fellow men to point to a monarch who can com- pare with his Queen, or the legislative machinery that can match his parliament. That these advantages, howover, aro sub- jects for heartfelt gratitude, rather than loud boasting, has no doubt been tho thought bf many among us during the past week, and let us hope thatsomo bet- ter and higher feeling than ono of mere self exaltation wa3 busy in the minda of thoso who witnessed, or took part in, the inauguration of tho first Queensland Parliament, or on her birth-day, did honor to her Majesty in the person of her representative. The ceremony ob- served on the opening of Parliament wa3 a faithful copy of imperial and colonial antitypes. The Comm ssiouers appointed by His Exoclloncy to give the nni«hing touch to our legislative structuio as sem'ilod on Tuesday in tho Council Chamber in all tho i in press! vo grandeur of " full fig." The sight of a " live bttronot" in court dross, including sword, ruffles, cooked hat, and a blaok silk stock- ing arrangement of tho nether man, was lo Brislano optics lovity-quolling and awo-itnj iri'ng in tho extremo. Nor wero tho President's assessors, Captain Maurico O'connell and J. IV M'Dougall, Eecrr., unworthy uuppoïtersj of the. popp and majesty proper to the occasion. The members of each House having assembled in their respective chambers, the Usher of the Black Rod (Colonel Gray) sum- moned the members of the Assembly to attend at the bar of the Council. Arrived there, both Houses wore addressed by Sir 0. Nicholson, who caused his Excel- lency's commission, empowering himself and colleagues to open the House, to be read, despatched the members of the Legislative Assembly to take the oaths in their own House and elect a Speaker, and proceeded to administer the oaths to himself and confreres in the Council. This ceremony performed, the House was thon adjourned till the 29th instant. In the Legislative Assembly members, according to instruction, proceeded to take the necessary oaths, and subse- quently to elect a Speaker. Mr. St. George Goreand Mr. Macalister respec- tively nominated and seconded Mr. Elliott as a fit and proper person for the office, and that gentleman was voted unanimously into the chair by the mem- bers present. The House was then ad journed till the next day, when the Speaker elect was to be presented at Government House for his Excellenoy's confirmation. The " trotting out" busi- ness came off accordingly on Wednesday, when the Governor, having expressed his approbation of the Assembly's choice, the House was made aware of the circum- stance, and its further sitting adjourned till the 29th instant, on which day his Excellency " will bo pleased to make known his reasons for summoning parlia- ment." In making the formal motionfor adjournment, Mr. Herbert requested that all the members present would assemble on the Wednesday following, in order to pass through all its stages a Bill consti- tuting a lesser number than twenty a quorum of the House, The absurdity of twenty out of twenty-six members being required to assemble before tho House can proceed to business is patent, and will of cour.-e bo remedied by the step proposed to be taken. On Thursday there was a leveo in the morning at Government House, and a ball in the evening at the Immigrants' Barracks. A distribution of blankets also to about five hundred blacks, males, females, and piccanninies, took place under the sup- erintendence of the Sheriff (W. A. Brown, Esq.), and the govornor of the gaol. The usual weekly meeting of the Town Council waa held on Monday. Motions were passed for the remuneration of convicts at the rate of 3d. per diem for work done for the Municipality, and for the presentation of a memorial to the Postmaster General, requesting that branch Post Offices might be established at Fortitude Valley, South Brisbane, and Kangaroo Point. The assessment appeals for Fortitude Valley and North Brisbane were fixed for Monday next at 11 o'clock and thoso for South Brisbane and Kan- garoo Point were deferred. Saturday's Gazette notifies the ap- pointment of Lieutenant Master as extra honorary Aide-de-camp to his Excellency; of Colonel Gray as Usher of the Black Rod to the Council and Librarian to both Houses; of R. J. Coley, Esq., as Sergeapt-at-Arms to .the Legislative Assembly; and of A. W. Manning, Esq. to tho Police Magistracy at Ipswich, in the room of Colonel Gray. The Gazette also contains a copy of tlie petition lod/ed by certain electors of West Moreton against the return of Dr. nielson for that electorate. The followiug gentlemen have been gazetted as having been summoned to the Upper House :-Stephen Simpson, Esq., of Wolston; Henry Bates Fitz, Esq., of Pilton ; George Harris, Esq, of Brisbane; Daniel Foley Roberts, Esq., Shafston. The Hon. Maurice Charles O'Connell, late Governmcut Resident at Port Curtis, has been appointed a member of the Ex- ecutive Council. On Saturday last the employees of the Courier, and the mon and boys belonging to "Pugh's Printing Offioe" in Albert street, went on an excursion to the bay in the Bteamer Bremer. The treat, technically known by the name of" wayz gooso" waa given by the proprietor of the Courier, Mr. T. B. Stephens, and was highly enjoyed by all present. On Tuesday evening a supper was given, by tho Liberal Association, at Mr. Warren's Foresters' Hall, for the pur- pose of celebrating the return of Charles Lilley, Esq., Prosideufof the Association, to the first Queensland Parliament. The chair was taken by Mr. G. D. Lang, and speeches were make in tho course of the entertainment by several gentlemen. Ashton's Circus is uow here, and has, during the week, afforded considerable amusement to thoso learned in, or ad- mirers of, equestrianism. The Telegraph arrived on Sunday, bringing with her upwards of 100 pas- sengers. She left for Sydney this ¡norn- ing, hor departure having been delayed to acoommodato intending passengers, who wero dosirous of going to the ball The Tamar, from the northern ports, ar- rived on Tuesday, and left again the following day. Messrs. J.andG. Harris have answered the lettor of Captain Vllurdyce, noticed in our laät "Epitomo." They state in their dofonce that the cotmgnor's directions to thom were that they should at once procuro a homeward froight for the Leonidas, and despatch her with as little delay as possible. Ad- vantageous offers were, they affirm, made to Captain Allardyco, with which ho re- fused to comply, insisting upon the ves- sel being chartered at £l00Ofor the home ward run. Subsequent proposals to refer matters to arbitration have, the Messrs Harris say, been rejected by Captain Allardyce. Our Drayton correspondent oomplains that by the elootion of two out of tho six magistrates in that district to seats in tho Législature, tho administration of justice will not bo properly attended to in Drayton. A moating lins been held nt Toowim'ub-i, at which a ¡mition io his ICuucUoucy to ino Ji [ orate Di ayton and Toowoomba as a municipality, was adop- ted. It »p proposed to drop the name of Drayton and to designate it for the future as West Toowoomba. The Dalby Annual Races carne off on the 9th, 10th, and 11th inst. The races are declared to have beea unmis takeably good, and a credit to those who promoted them. The horses that ac- quitted themselves most brilliantly are stated to have been Crinoline, Kangaroo, Miss Lanercost, and Forester. An inquest has been held at Ipswich touching the death of the illegitimate child of Wilhelmina Johnson, a servant of Mr. C. S. Warry The circumstances detailed at the inquest are of a somewhat suspicious character. Land Sales took place at Ipswich on the 21st and 22nd instant, of allotments in tho parishes' of Goodna, Laidley, Chuwar, Kholo, and Normandy. The amount realized was £1,448 5s. 6d. A public meeting has taken place at the Court-house, Ipswich, for the purpose of memorializing tho Government of Queensland respecting the establishment of a Benevolent and Orphan Asylum for the benefit of the colony. Several Bris- bane gentlemen are, we believe, also interesting themselves in a movement having the same object in view. 