LATWsT EUttOPBAN NEWS. Tta.EI.EIDI TO AtsTgiuji.—Arrangements hare been made by the Bubmsriae Telegraph Company w forward messages to Australia Ha Malta, Marseilles, sod Triesie. Accordingly meuagM will be roceinj st any of thesuttiosf in the united Kingdom tmlonjrmy to the Submarine and lha Magnetic Telegraph O-rapaoSes, and forward^ to any of the statiotie on •!>• mtereolonisd telegraph linw in Australia. Tin i.i ui for Australia via Murst-ilies leavet on the i»th oi fU'.'h Inutith. but by these arnnigemcuts messages can be not via Trieste up lo the S6th in lime to overtake it at Aiiui by the Ausirta Lloyd's steamer which leaves Trieste oil (be V7iii, at'd is due st Alexander OL the 31st. A< the Australia:) mail steamer does not U-Avt Aden before the sasmd o! the fo.Iowing moath, there is ample time allowed tor sending messages by the Bed Sea telegraph from Alexander to Aden previous u her departure fot Australia. The rates for 20 words, exclusive oi five allowed ibr tbe address of the receiver, arc—via Calais and Malts to Adelaide, a MS 3d; lULLiirat, £4 18. 9; Geelong and Melbourne. £4 ga. Sd,%<iner Uoban Tows, and Launeaton. £4 fta. 3d. Tm; 1'J.MC is HE S - VE TBADK.—1'he Canadian correspondent of the Smti,k Guardian, after itecribing tbe execution of John Brawn and i is confederates for the Harper's Kerry aSair, remarks;—" Our whole continent ha-s been convulsed by this movement i little else has been taUted ol. Of course your American exchanges and correspondent will give you ail tlle detail*. Nothing has ever brought out ao strikingly the *hrinking sensitive spirit of the South. "J the terrible risk involved in she retaining io l b eir midst such * • powder magazine' as this pecnu « institution is more and wore proving itself to be. w ordinary cireumsunca, would have proved ore than a petty riot, bad all but reached the dignity oi a revolution. John Brown, with IT men at bis back, to attach the mighty Malakhuff of slavery' Perfect madness. Yet tbe stronghold ho been shakes to iu foundations. The strong mas armed is furious at not being allowed to hold Us pods in peace. 'J his tough, stern old man has made him tretsble. The Harper's Ferry a&ir; has ix-en another handwriting on the wail, and bis countenance is dtanged, his joints are loosed, hie knees smite one against . ^ another. Hence this wildfire panic, > this hurrying to and fro, thU grim reign" of verror bolditrs have been flocking in hundreds, even thou sands, to central points, specially to Charleston; while, from the slave districts, there have been similar rushing* of the citizens. Slave property, one writes, has dej.nsaatcd It per cent in value, equal to a lose of two hundred million dollers. Each slaveholder keeps a grim akeletou ia his social closet, shkfa may start into liie at any moment. The demon of bate, which his liie of wrong and outrage has invoked, haunts bun night and day. Be listens for the roar of the slumberm? firc-s of the volcano, upon whose side he sleeps, and every sound that hustles through the air, every footⅈ behind him, makes him tancy that the avenger is oa his track. And now that the coffin it nailed over the remains of John Brown, his spectre will hover over these Southern plantations, and be as 'Banqoo's ghost' in their SeMal hails." THK skeleton of a mammoth was recently discovered in a quarry at Czorikow in Galiicia. One of the teeth was much damaged by tbe workmen, who mistook it fur a piece of wood; but there still remains a piece about two feet loog, and six inches in diameter at the base. The knee tap is as huge as a nun's head, and the ribs and bones are of enormous dimensions. REPORTED LOSS OT J, SNN> WITH EWWT BTTRAN Lives.—The overland mail trom China brings intelligence of the reported loss of the American ship Fiora Temple, 2,000 tons burthen, bound to Savannah, having tm boar 1 the large number of KSOooolies. The ship, it appears, had struck near Cochin-china, but came oH and was afterwards abandoned by the captain, her officers, and seamen, the captain's brother and clerk being among than. They landed at Manilla, and on reporting the casualty, the French Admiral despatched his Imperial Majesty's steamer Gir mde, in search of tbe wrecked ship, which returned after a careful cruise without meeting or hearing any trace of her, and the impression was, that she went down and every soul on board perished A French correspondent state an awkard feet ten the Pope's Irish sympathise:*. The poor are in such a horrible state under the beoeficient and paternal government, that tliey are obliged lo " sponge" on the rations of the French soldier. THE AFFAIR OF THK PSUSICE&S; Rovit..—Admiral Bowles having stated to the Admiralty that the papers connected with the case of tbe Princess Royal were published with his Miction, tendered his resignation. It has been accepted. Washington Irving was never married. In early life he was engaged to a lovely girl, who died just as she arrived at the full perfection of her beauty Sorrowing, but unembitterel, he paid her the highest tribute that a man can pay to the memory of a first love. From the time she was taken trom him, tbe only pleatures of his life were those of friendship and literature. Vat, WRV OF PBOUSBS TO S-ar BT TELKCEATH —Bis Honor Acting Judge Chapman has ruled a telegram from a defendant, agreeing to gire a bill of acceptance for a debt, was sot proof that such debt existed, as the court bad no means of knowing whether the telegram was from the defendant, and no person could swear it was in his handwriting. EDUCATION OF FSESCH PBIWCES IN SCOTULND, Each of the Orleans Princes intends placing a son the High School, Edinburgh, under the care of l>r. Hchmitz, who has acted as tutor to the Prince of Wales during his Royal Bfgbnest's stay in Klinburgh. The names of the youthful Princes, who are all about U or 15 years of age.arelhelJucd'Alenoon, second son of toe Due de Nemours t tbe Due de Penthievre, only son of Prince de Jolarille; and the Prince de Conde, eldest s<m of the Doc d'Aumale, It is understood that they will arrive in Edinburgh in the course of the week. IJORP CLTDE'S i'asr-E MOSES.—Tbe amoant of property captured at Kirwee appears to bare bee) enormous. It is stated that tbe prize money is so immense that Lord Clyde's share, as Commander-in- Chief in India, will alone amount to £ I £0,0001 Sir George Whillock's share is half that sum. Captains' chares are between £-1,000 and £4,000, and sabs]terns at a proportionate figure. LORD MICADLAT'S BDBIAL PUCE.—I/ml M&eanJay; will be boned tills week in Westminster Abbey. The sexton of tbe Dean and Chapter is busy to-day op ruing a grave for oar great historian, not with Kings and Kniglits of the Garter, not even with Stephenson or Taifourd, but in Poat Corner, or the south transept of the Abbey. lie wilt Jie atthe foot of Addison's statue, and dose to the gore of Isaac Barrow, one of the great Trinity of Cambridge Macaulay's own college. The historian will not lie far off Camden—eJmost thefatherof English history; not tar from what remains of May—the historian of the Long Parliament t and near to tbe remains of Johnson, Gat-rick, Sheridan, and Gilford, the editor of the Quarterly Review. Be will lie fitting tbe statue of the poet of " The Pleasures of Hope," at whose funeral the noble historian helped to bear the poll- FeaoDCLEKT BiKKKDPtcr.—'The case of Mr. David Hughes, solicitor and money scrivener, WM determined at the Old Bailey, on the 6tli of January. The main facts of the case hare boen noticed by its on former occasions. Mr. Hugbes,1t will he recollected, had for some years carried on the business of a solicitor. In 1851 he dissolved partnership with another gentleman, and commenced on Ills owe account the two businesses of solicitor and tfrttuy scrivener. He acted an a sort Of banker to «t clients, and, in virtue of bis confidential relation, obtained possession of large sums of money for the purpose of investment in different securities, but applied those sums to his own uie. He f«id interest when it fell due, and fabricated securities, which he showed to his clients, and thus allayed all chance of suspicion. During ibis time Mr. Hughes was considered a wealthy, prosperous, and trustworthy nan. He had building leases, mortgages—in fact, the whole machinery for conveyancing ready at his hand for the purpose of defrauding his clients. Whenever any disagreeable inquiry was oude the fabrlcatAd deed was produced, und tbo invests? went away ^te 414 much satisfied *s If his money had been in the Bank of England. Who could doubt tbe tolvaicy of a man who kept ap an esuMlrtwiwot at ca expense of ££4fi00 a xmrt But at leagffa Mr. Ebeoerer Hunt, a draper who had supplied iwods to the Prisoner, called for his swowt, trhttAamoimef to«W. A ch^ut was f*g>>t*& but not paid. Mr, Hunt, who litd known the prtuner for 30 yt*n, hsd also a claim of an <Winfv different dianwtw. From IMS Mr. Huut had i»- trusted the prisoner w it h various sums to be invested on mortgage, and in the beginning at ISM those «um« amounted to more that £4.000. He had meelvnl the deeds, which he had returns! to the prisoner «)»« the it-presentation tis»t he wished to pay off the nwrtand bis intern* bad been regularly paid. Mr. Hunt, wituraUv thinking that the absence of the prisoner from his offlcs in Greslmiii-street, even on the plot of ill health, was in reality an act ot bankruptcy, petitioned the court for a^|ttdieaHon, and the whole fabric of fraud which Hughs hsd so iodusirlouflv constructed then became apparatt, Hughes, in the'meantime, lad set sail in the lied Jacket for Australia, beiievtog probably that his creditors would not think it worth ihoir while to follow him lo the Antipodes. He was, however, arrested upon his Arrival at Melbourne and conveyed tack to this country. He bad rendered himself amenable to the law by absconding and refitting to surrender. It was teUev&S; that,if the tSlst clause of Hie Act of were not sufficient to ensure a conviction, the same object could be qaife as effisstually attained by a pn>weution under the Ftaduleot Trustee Act, The prisoner, however, was indicted under the clause of I he statute of 1S4S1. TIm> sot ol bankruptcy and the act ot non-surrender were proved, sod a cloud of wit. neasea deposed to tbe grievous fraudsof wbWnhey l'ftd been the victims. Tbe couwd for the defence argwd i hut t ilt prisoner was not liable to the bankrupt laws, that ail he bad done in reference to these loans bad beet! ia his capacity as a wlMwr. The prisoner was wand guilty on two Indictment*, and the learned judge, Mr. Haron Martin, to passing sentence, saU it was eieariv established that the prisoner bad tor a number af years acted as an attorney, that by means of that position feehad succeeded io gaining the confidence of hi« clients, and that he had at length eaiploved that money la land apacalatkns of bU own. Chere «ns oo douW thet, year alter veai* apeculation« iiad increased bis eatbarrassaicBtt, until he tras forced to leave tin c mntrv, with debts, amounting- tit more than flSO.OOO. The crime which be committed, added the learned judge, »aa mom base, scandalous, and ungrateful. A man wbn <OBTmiticd robbery upon ihe highway risked bis liberty, and the cliaace of entering mto a persoaal wnSict, in which be might be worsted, with the per*on he desired to rob; but the prisoner's offence consisted in deceiving those who placed confidence is hitti, and who bad no means of protecting themselves. Under these circumstances, David Hughes, as a warning and caution to others, was semcaced to pe«»i servitude for tbe period of ten years. iUnoaED RCTIBEMEST of tut Pore.—A letter from Florence, ia the i'nteu, says" I have been informed that the Pnpe has come to the rcmlutioi) to retire to Benevento if the French army should be ordered to evacuate Rome. Benevento is e small duchy containing about 30,000 inhabitants; it was given to His Holinew by the treaties of 1SI5, sad is entirely ptTssessed by the religious corporations established "there. This* duchy is hemmed in by the Neapolitan territory ; it is very strongly fortified by nature and by its isolated position, and would ofier a secure asylum to the Pope in the event ot an insurrection in his stasis. He w ould be surrounded by subjects of the King of Naples, hitherto very devoted to ihe Pontifical Court." A MILI> HI LL—The Frttokfart Jimmtl, in its number for December 29. published from official sources a mass of Austrian statistics, referring to various departments of the Vienna state machinery; and though it is not very pleasant sort of reading, your correspondent's duty led him to wade through its details. Coder tbe item of " Kitcution,*' the document registers:—In 1852, executed (mostly tor polities), 328 persons; of which total Venice supplied 118; Lorn hardy, ua; Hungary. Tl. In IS53, hanged or shot, total, $30 persons; of which in Hungary, 129; Lombardv, 23; Venice, 54, In 1854. total executed, 135; oi which Hungary, 44; Venice, Transylvania, 17. Tin. CUINKSR LIPI DIRIOS —The details of tbe force to be sent under Sir J. Hope Grant to China between this and March are being arranged in India. We believe it will consist of eight European re^imTO'.s, ot whick four—the 1st Royals, Sad ban.; tad Royals, 1st batt.; 3rd Buffs, 1st batt.; and CTth— are in China, or on their way thither, and two each are to come from Madras and Bombay respectively —4,000 hikhs, two regiments of incgukr cavalrv, and one of European cavalry, with eight troops and batteries of artillery. Rumor asserts that either the King's Dragoon Guards or 7th Unseats will he tlie cavalry regiment sent; and that the 31st andesth Regiments from Bombay, and the 44th and 66th from Madras will complete the infantry force.—Ana? and AViiy Gazette. Aittsr of ram REV. OK. ACHHJJ.—The Rev. Dr. Giacinto Achilli was arrested in Boboken on Tuesday, charged with adultery. Hie basis of the charge is the complaint of Mr. Justice Smith, proprietor of a water-cure establishment at Bergen Heights, who alleges that tbe doctor tame there with his son and a Miss Bogue, to board, three months since, the lady acting as governess to tbe son. Subsequently Uiss Bogue garefeirtb to a child, and Ihe proprietor of the place and the doctor falling out, the for . er complained and had bis boarder arrested. Dr. Achilli affirms that tbe lady is bis wife, although not publicly proclaimed as such Ibr private reasonB, and tbe lady makes the same statement. The doctor was held to bail in JIM) dols. to answer.—Sew York Tribune. Death OF A WELL KNOKX Cauewis.—The English papers announce the death of Mr. Wright, of Adelphi and Olympic celebrity, tl® comrade of Paul Bedford and the delight of cockneys EiTEAOBDiSiEv Bwursuse BV a WOMIX.—In connexion with tbe well- known Chancery case respecting the Gordon property, s most romantic case has just come to light. About fifteen months •go. an industrious well-to-do broker, residing in Lincoln, had the misfortune to lose his wife, leaving him a widows-, with five cbildwo, whose ages varied 8 to 20 years. About a month after tbe death of his wife, Mr. Taylor, the bote-, was visited by a lady, who chose goods to the amount of about £15, which she directed should be sent to a house in Lincoin, which rite had lately taken. A few days after the iady paid another visit to the shop, and ordered articles which necessitated a visit to the house of his customer by tbe broker, 'ihe intercourse between them increased, and tbe My, who said her name was Cooper, informed Mr. Taylor that she was » widow, with two children, and an annuity of £40 per annum, and that she had lately received a commtmication from tbe Court of Chancery, informing iter that she was heiress to an immense property in Scotland, andthata few proUminarles were nooessaty, which would cost a few hundred pounds, before she could take possession of ber property. The trap wa«» well laid that the victim fclHnto jtatonu, ofcred ber his band and heart, telling ber be bad aboia one thousand pounds, which was at her disgad. Notwithstanding tbe cautions of intimate friends.tltejF were married. A loan was raised upon some freehold property, and with the money she said she commenced proceedings. Anxious to get lier husband away from the surveillance of his rata, tires and friends, Taylor was induced to leave Lincoin, selling at great lots all his goods, and removed to Boston, where he took a house ia the High-street. The new. of Taylor's good fortune was toon known in Boston, and every one was oongiatulatitur the fortmute husband of II. the millionaire. ill; A large staamsnU> and other property, belonging to tlu>Vcutora of a gentleman lately dscesaeJ, WM oBi^d for sale by public auction, and purchased at a cost of f4,000, and so universally believed was the tale of tbe Chancety suit, that not a farthing was asked as deposit Sermi monthselapsod, and «-veral hundrod l2unds were expended in what Mrs. Taylor called prdimin«y law prooealings, and the busbaod at S began to fc impatient. Mrs. Taylor then w«V^p to tendon and returned with a document purporting ^ Cham^orXvlhl was heiress to "the Gordon property." To this dorament a Urge seal was which she declared ff lB " ^ ^ «»»• dctlul document was shown, and the tldinss of it " like wildfire. l A ^ R " ^ f r t m l M ™ husband, assign mostenmordinart reasons for the outlay, On one occulon she had reed red a let ter taTher bailiff In S felt* au thi time Mr. Taylor snUiJttlte u^.pWou Bmm describing lo glo^ng terms the bouty of his es^Mdfartted Wend,tosj^d next autumn"" , .. „VM impojfcgj IIOOD^ Manypsrtlesare rlcUmlsed, and one whi |«t moV^ ui»n.,«plate" fouml on opening the chest a !>ox of stones and rags, Tho Lord Chancellor's document had the Impression of a half-crown attached, and Is, ska of Mr* Taylor put into bis bands oo a charge i swindling, Jtng, and on Wednesday she was Jounoju foundi liis fortutie aiifsh. Latwr PAancewas teww TO rn Waw* m TI.K liorAL Cuaiitta.—Op to tbe llth Jaausry. the divwi (four in tiHtuber). with a powerful corps of laborer* to a lighter and a summer, were o^ly at wcwk at the sunken wtwk ia recovering the e»M, fp to that daw the total amount of the treasure saved was us follow, boxes <* «<f» and iogots, and 57 broken piei^s of go d, I4.«i»l MVerelpis, Si lb of other (mfd coin, S?J lb, rf B^d dost, 4M rupees,« shtJlitigt, and wnie ropiw. if we ore c.im-.-tly informed, in value, prow amount irt the Roval Uhsitw's KUIJ on freyiit. A15 the boxw of js<>! 1 and mi>«i of«'«• *«Mfs Mi wn» ingots hmrthc marks conmineil in the lioyal Cliiirti-r'n msnit'est, and were readily fdentifled. ButMttwthe remainder of tbe treasure, part of which there ran be no doubt belonged to many of the ill-fated pawengtrs, although, from their not bsvtogany mark upon them —we allaile to several br. of gold, pieces of broken bars, nuggets, Ac.—it will b» impossible ever to trace oat to whom they belosg, Os the 14th an order came down from Liverpool to suspend the divers' oj-eratlons, snd aowrdingly Captain IVH and Captain Lodge, who superintended the operations from the commencement with the divers, left the wreck f«r l*mlon, and sent the Liverpool (livers to tlH-ir homes, The men. it should be observed, Itad been sending gold daily in more or lew quantities, sod Were preparing to weigh Urge fragments of the torn and broken ship's quarter, in order tt coiiiplete a strict search, when the instruct ions came down for th-. m to f-esi«c vorking. Thw who Save been ctigsged at the wreck are oonSdcnt that there is a large mass of gold vet to be recovered, and tlwt every inch of sand in the vi.-ioity of tbe wreck will yield jrold to some i-vtiiit. Out of 40,000 soveragns slie h>ul on freight, it will be seen that only 14,gSSJ bare been found; besides, it is generally beliei-wl tW the pt^engers ted with them from £l®0«» to £2i»ri,000 ia nutlets, gold dust, IWBIQ--, &c.; TnLWiBirHtc tVmsii siCATio* WITH Kraot't.— ! The next trait of importance is the laying do«n of j the submsrine elei-trk- cable between Kurnchw and ' Ado). The wort was cotmwnced on the IStb iu«t., j and oil the ITth thm- wa£ eubniarine cMtmuakstkn { iKtween Ktirraeheo and Nfuscat. The »ttbmcr}!«ice I oi the csiile was ray successful from the first. At £ a.m .on tlictnoraingofthe JSth instant, at Hurra- ; cbo-, the store-end irf tbe caUe was lowered irwii' tiic steamer I mperador into the boats. A hawser : a-a* attached ta it, and about sixty Wae jackets, from i her Majesty's ete.oner Kelributkm, having preiiously j landed on the beach at Manors, hauled it cm shore. The end of the cable touched the laud st «.» wo, | Mr. Xewall landed at • a.m., and proceeded to superintend tbe joining of this end of the cable, which had been previously laid down from the telegraph sUtioa to (be beach. 7T»e whole was then placed in the ditch, which had been excavated undo- the superintendence «f Mr. Konie. the cnginei-r en tbe part of the Red Sea Telegraph Company, and which was now filled in. Tbe guests who had been invited on board to witness the commencement of this gigantic I undertaking, were immediately on the tip-toe at j anxiety for tbe word,-go ahead." But a great deal had to Iw done, the electricians were to (est the! cable throughout its length. This occupied fatl three and a-half hours, and the cable was at length declared, by Captain Meyer, perfect ia all its parts. The ward was then gives to prepare for the start. Signal guns were fired bv the rfplie.1 to by the Imperatrice. Tte three ancliors of the former were got in or shipped, and st four minutes past two o'clock the noble vessel started, sad the commencement of tbe paying out of the cable announced tbe birth of one of the most momentous of Indian enterprises, tbe first fesbkming of the artery to and from the heart of - Jd JSogland. All the *rrangeroenU on board had been made under Mr. Newall's own eye, and the start was most succosful, not a mishap Bor hitch occurred. The vessel went on Sta way as if she were M a simple pleasure trip. The Retribution started soon after the impender, and took the lead, as ahe is to 'x the directing ship. Since tlie vessels left Muscat, no intelligence of the expedition has been received; but we are in hourly expectation of hearing that tbe work has been satisfactorily accomplished." Host Soi Qci MIL i PSME —The c\»rge of pa-, jury advanced by the Honourable Hugh Rowley against his late w ife, occupied the Westminster magistrates several dsys. The late Mrs BswUy obtained a divorce ly proving to the satisfaction of a jury that ha- husband liad committed adultery, and had cmetly ill-treated her. Her averments on oath were of a painful kind. She said her basband had given tux n? money aince tU4r marrisge; that be had on one Occasion ont a« the bail- 08 her bead; on another had knocked her down in the presence of witnesses; oa a third repeatedly pinched her in a railway carriage; that he had beaten her often; in short, die deposed to sets of cruelty of a rety unmanly kind. Mr. Rowley now comes forward to vindicate Us character, and denies, or by explanations materially alters, the character of the conduct imputed to him, going minutely into details touching their married life for a long period. He brings to bear a number of letters -written by his wife, and couched in most endearing terms The lady's counsel aver that they can sustain the evidence she gave in the Court of Divorce, and the case premises to be as notorious as that of John Brows. Mr. Rowley was cross-examined by Mr. Metcalfe, the conned for the accused, on Thursday. When he married he was eighteen, and Ms wife was twentyfive years of age. fie believed Mrs. Rowley wss made to marry him apainst her will. Lady lyoorord, his mother, was deceived in bis wife. - She tonnd, in fact, that I had been caught." Mr. Metcalfe; "A great catch." Mr, Rowleyi "The very words she ased teste very shortly after our manisge." Mr. Metcalf: '• I think she was righf Ste was per. penally being made love toby gentlemen, and he locked her up to prevent * Mr "Bart from going to see ber against her will. He did not knock bw b«d against tbe shutters. She was undreasing before a vrijdow with the blinds up. He remonstrated; they quarrelled about the shatters Mag shut. -I tried quamaiea aooat tne snuttere being He did not ill to shut them, Ac to prevent me." her maid swore treat her io a railway carriage. leg. the If maid I would swear falsely. there were He bruise* did not on cram her Jag, salt down the mi bis wilt's throat, nor throw a dressing case at ber. Oa a railway journey be prevented to from getting out of fhe carriage. WhyF Mr. Row by; - She had a knack of showing her legs, which I objected to, palled to- drew up so as always to them." Mr. Metcalfe: "Vou objected?" Mr, Rowley;" i did not make asyWrit Bowky« "Sot then, but atotW times she was anxious to Mow tbem. She considered dim verv H""."*^ H r "Dbl she sbowmudtrf her ta?" Mr. Rowley; " A great deal " Mr Metcaif—" Ankle?" Mr. Howley^aMr, " % a™ „ ,. „ • eUuwt- -Wcqaarrdtedrery ftauaitly." He swore at his wife when she swore athbn. He dared to say he called her a brnte, He admitted he bad «t off W hair « down to tb« cheA bone," but he used no violnce. Mr- Mefa^f ouotM a letter fn wblcb Mr"Rowley said tbat ttoTslie if el; S all imtgioe tbe unkind his wretdiodness br .Ul ^ she , ^^df^reWm^jbr , ! ^ ^ „ _ pcrienead at my hands." Mr. Rowley vid t£s 'We* IUt«um«t Eluded to must hare ^^Tyinirf M the pier at ttoalogne she «ood orer him. Mr, Rowley Urod with a Mrs. Green in 18&4\. nd Mr Metcaif produced an albumtowbtohHowley te cribad ber as his wife. He said he m« be»«X aid of 1854; the inscription S Z ! Jone, 18S4. When inUmate with M^ O^The wrote a lettertohlswiftfull of teaS e^^on, Mrs. Green was rich. lis remembeMdiriibifta his wife something of this sort« " l a ^ i ^ l S ke^og; I would advise you to do fhe sswie" could prorrbis X l T ^ bimself. Eventually the charge was withdrawn AntsnKWo Gcxs.—The Armstrong gun futories st Woolwich are now in full work, sod tnrotuemt te^wdjwj, TfK« Stories an to he largely 