THE AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. The "Hamertoors," M Mist Chatttrby denominates the "great unpaid" of the rota- ries, of the drama, in Ballarat drew a good noose at the BOTS! hut night on the occasion of the first benefit night for the. Benevolent Asylum. The performances consisted ol "Macbeth Travestie," followed by the taros of "Tue Widow's Victim.** We do not much like burlesques, and. least of all bur- lesques of Shakspere, but it is impossible nevertheless to laugh outright at the downright fun got up in such travesties a* that presented last- night. by the Histrionic Club at the Boyal. An atrocious mixture of the witty, the stupid, the pun-ring, the ridiculous, and the absurd, the performance generally kept the house in a roar. Messrs J. H. Taylor, C. W. Sherard, W. H. Foster, T. M'Dermott, ! R. Haywood,. J. W. E. Pringle, Dr Whit I combe and J. Carruthers appeared in the bur* leaque, supported by the following professionals I Miss Harland, Mrs Chapman, Mrs Bellah*, j Miss Morton, and Miss Matthews. The weight of the fun lay upon Mr Taylor as Macbeth and Miss Harland as Lady Macbeth, and well they bore it, the audience being diverted beyond measure at their > apt ren- dering of the outrageous and witty nonsense imposed upon them. Mr Sherard as Sanean " bore his (carpet bag) so meekly" that he was from first to last a favorite on the stage. The snatches of song by the three actors we have named were exceedingly well given, and were duly appreciated. Mr Haywood as Maeduff was well up in his part, and played very, well too. Mr Foster as Banquo, witt a ghost of an umbrella, had conned well bit part, but had not got rid of the nervousnest which hinders him from being effective. In In the subordinate parts the prompter wai sometimes wanted, bat they were respectably gone through. A pas de dtux by Miss Georgi and Mr Shute formed an interlude, and wai so successfully done as to lead to an encore which was given with equal spirit. In tin farce of " The Widow's Victim," the pee cadilloes of the sentimental bat un. appreciated Mr Byron, tremaine Bellum Padae and the Protean capabilities of tin stage-struck Jeremiah Clip afforded to Mr E. I C. Moore and Mr Sherard ample opportunity to display their histrionic talent, and Mr Walsh, as Mr Twitter, was as usual quite at j home in his part. The farce was now and ! then a little " slow," but yet diverting ; and the admirable play and byplay of Mrs Bel I lair, as Jane Chatterly, and the wicked re ? venge of Mrs Rattleton (Miss Harland), aided by Mrs Twitter (Miss Clifford), made up a very successful conclusion to the evening's entertainments. Mr Taylor was called be- fore the curtain at the close of the burlesque, and made his bow; other members of the corpB were less lustily callad, bat did not present themselves. This evening the per- formances are by the amateurs, and for the benefit of the Benevolent Asylum, the first piece being Sheridan's " Critic," to conclude j j with *' Macbeth Travestie." MuNICIPAIi CoNTBBBiíCE DEPUTATION. Some -14 or 15 members of the Municipal Conference, headed bj heir chairman, Mr VT. C. Smith, of Ballarat West, waited upon the Attorney General, at the Crown law offices, on Saturday, witli a series of suggestions for an amended Municipal Act. Mr Smith expressed his regret that the conference had not completed their labors before meeting the chief law adviser of the Crown ; but lie could state that the present conference concurred substantially in the suggestions of the dele- gates «ho met two years ago, the importance of which hid come borne to there «ince fien by practical experience. The object of the conference, in seeking the interview, was td impress upon the head of the law depart- ment of tite Government the neetssity for the passing of an amended Municipal Act, based upon the suggestions of the conference. The introduction of sucha measure to the Legislature, he contended, was the duty of the Government; but if the Government would not take action in the matter, the conference would feel it incumbent upon them to employ some professional gentleman to frame a bill, and to cause it to be brought before Parliament by an independent mem- ber. The Attorney-General admitted that the measure was one which came within the cognizance of the Government; but he was not disposed to make any pledge on the sub- ject before consulting his colleagues in the Ministry. This he promised to do in the course of the day, and lie would communicate the result to the chairman of the conference on Monday. Under any circumstances, however, he should have no objection to the Parlia- mentary draftsman drawing up a bill embo- de iug tile spirit of the resolutions passe I by the conferer.ee, and supplying a printed copy for eech of the delegates. The Attorney General added, in reply to a question from one of tlie delegates, that, owing to the exist- ence already of no less than four municipal acts, - the better course would be for the proposed measure to be something more tliau a mere amendment on those whioh had gone before ; it should include all that was valu- able in the present acts, and thus be complete in itself.-;-Argus. 