ENGLISH and FOREIGN AFFAIRS. (From a Correspondent.) We have received the following communication from a Special Correspondent, to whom our tbaaks are iccordcd, and hope tu be in receipt uf a succession of similar fjvort:— London, Wednesday, Janusry jfl, 185D. Amonpst the various products of the present generation which may demand the attention o' tlr 'nture historian of letter*, that ciosi of li erature which is called " Bubutniftn," csiiMtt, fail to find a pljce. My this 1 do no! mean 10 question the antiqiity of th-- Buhemiati frutornity—its members, wh, assuredly should hive the gree'rat knowledge of tbe Mibjjct, tracc i's foundation back to the riava uf E'&u;— hut until a date comparatively recent, it liv. d, m -v-'d, and had its b iufj wi hou; com nunicatinij the lac' of »xi»i-rce to thouter world. P.ut this is the era uf rainufe fciograptim, snd psy holoyical dissections; <if American litterateurs wno c-rjii! to your house with a Ivttfci »'t i"troductiui,—»r without—tv-id then go homn, write portraits of your gues s, and notes of your conversation, to Mnus- t.h» sob scribe's to the newspaper with which they peri dically corns;>ond; -:f ducal uuthoiB who are not ashamed to puti-irh cor.fi k*nfu! letters in order that, the Mem>.irs of the (Juurt of George IV mav be sliced for public perusal, and botikse ling p-nfi: ; when trust is betrayed and .louglu held sucred, because it 1 1 . It is but The tneny h«ra,Jed beast should know. And 1 he sc-c ets of Bohemia aliare the fate of othe- sccre's : th-y arc revealed even to Ihepr,f wm vuhjus; it it will spare but n mode-rate i-uni to a circulating library. Thi-re is "ia Vie Mohemienne" in French with an attendant host in the same language; a witty and accomplished journalist—who is, I Buppoee, personally known in the colony by this time* has published tbe Friends of Bohemia;" while petiodical essayists, and 'langhable farce'—writers at home tire continually furnishing fresh deta to add, as in proving a judgment of the institution and its vela'ies. It is not my business in this place to add anything to the information that may be obtained from other sources I have men'ioned, but one article of the Bohemian States I must note; it is that which declares admission to the brotherhood free to tho whole world, ho elevation or depression in the social scale has your right of entry. That at least a portion of this rule is observed, a reminiscence of my own assures me. Years ago,-when living in Paring young artist who lived in the most incomprehensible manner, having no private fortune, and selling no pictures, asked me, previous to our departure for a Versailles fete, to lend him the money necessary for the expedition. I was compelled to refuse, the sum in my pocket sufficing- only for my own needs. He seemed to experience no annoyance, bat quietly said he must pawn his long figure ; and to my expression of regret that be should do ao, made the memorable reply "Oh! it's nothing; I am a Bohemian." Whereoa I made the hasty generalization that gentlemen who, by force of circumstancci are compelled to obtain money on the security of real property, are Bohemians. But a wider experience has caused one t) dismiss this crude theory. For an example— which proves the force of the o'her portion of the statute, and brings me (djuhtless t > the gwttt Katisfaniion of your reads,• s) to the point at which 1 have beau driving — the Emperor; Nap .leon is a ^uhc'uian. I can give you no personal tfuiranten for the truth of this sta-ommt, bat fai'.ts somewhat tend to confirm ii, •Oor correspondent allud- s to the late Mr. h'dwai-d Vhitty, wb"sj premature death from consumption w* had lattiy to rMjrd. It is ai Mtihlishei rale («•'<!» th > t«*t booi-.s and msnuv.e) thit a ii- hernia:-, bz erratin; that he regard conventional and ordinary methods of transacting '-uMnrss as "feints aud formations"— to b" br -keu throngh, 'f possiblr ; and if that he be a clever man, bis divergence from custom be extraordinarily wide. Has not Louis Napoleon fai'hfully adhered to this regulation ? Leaving "in a irracefu ly obscure mist his anti-imperial life, has hu, since bin acorssioo to the !b-om>, walked as other* walk ? Fuithful to Boh-mian tridi'ion. he has etruck out an entirfciv m-w path in diplomacy; which, if followed by o'her natious, would cause those youths who,—Doiiahed in addr. ts, and pirf- ct in saltatory exurcisf-B,—aSsint our Anhassidors tu up.-i-B"tit England in •' foreign parts abroad," to abandon their profession in disgust. Of old tim« the Foreign Minis'o!- wrote ad spitch to the Amnissador, in which "the und-rsigned'' requesl«d liiin to inform the Knreign Minister of tne Court to whieh he accredited that, &c; &c.; Now, the Frenck Emperor com mooes with his useful sci ie M. de la Guerronniere, and the result of their communis is 'he issue of a pamphlet announcing an entire change of policy; and when the Foreign Minister fumea wi h a mtli indignation, ho is politely tent abo>>t bis business. Such are the bare facta connected with the publication of the last of those pamphlets, the issue of which has formed so distinguishable a feature iu Napoleonic diplomacy. The events of (he past month, which jourualists can descant authoritatively without fear or error, are so few that some kind of running commentary, end conjectural and interpretation mutt be added. Such speculations must bs taken for what they arc worth. I do not pretend to form third in conversations held between the Emperor and Monsieur Mocquard -, neither do I profess to be bosom friend of his Imperial Majesty. But such results as thoaght, experience, and good information from Italy have produced, I submit to your readers, for the correction that time may make. A most beneficial corrector is he to such as would prophesy; bringing to ultimate confusion and grief many an ingenious man who exercises his talents in casting the horoscope of the future. The departure of the last Mail for Australia left us expecting a Congress, which should meet on the 5th—or as after decreed the 15th—of tkis month; and the only index to Napoleon's line of conduct was each as could be found in his letter of 20th Oatober, to the King of Sardinia, and the fact that he had made such representations to the English Cabinet as had induced its consent to his invitation to the Congress. As I then remarked the adhesion of England to the principles laid down by Lord John Russell at Aberdeen, was hardly compatible with the acceptance of this invitation, unless indeed, in his private communication with the Government the Emperor had explained away some of the difficulties thit occur in the letters to Victor Emmanuel. That his explanation had been sincere and thorough I fAt bv no means convinced, so profound is my distrust <>f bis word ,- and the present ministry—preferable as thev are to their pr> dee-wrs—do not inspire me with such pi-rfeci conlideuci. in 'h- ir leadership, that thore ij, never a iuikittg duoht that things way go al'.ng Uiur wrong. Hubii-quriit 1 v nts now ;iri,ve that from the iieice of Yillafianc.a to th - pieient ttui -, Napoleon ba« been ^rhdii-t iy nearing Knglnnd. At the da e of tlie p-.-ace he yet thouuht. it p 'Bsible to uuid • to a succeiis'ul tad so-ne of th- intiigocs whtcti he coam-rcsd long h-.-fo-e titbreaking nut cf th" war, and it w ih only thfi determined attitude of C, ntrol J'aty, st-rcly detnsming annisu'ion to I i?dmont;—a plan e-n'irelv opoos-d 'o his views—th^* obstinacy of t!,e l'->pe wlto would not rec-.-ive the g<x>-i that mii<lii. have been d--ne him; the wetuuess of Austria verging upon bankruutcy; the impro*mbili'y of Upland j itiin-j a "otigreswhieh should have for basis the te mi of *,he late peace, r't fh« lik- h'Jioud of Prussia and Ku-fcia t.ikiu^ the Mime aid-; an the utter and c mplt-te loilure of th,- projects f,,r the cnab'i>hm«iit of hid djnas y in Ita'y, and 'tie c-mnequtiiit l.i a of the advantages to be derived from th'.- Fi-dermion scheme, which caused hiin 10 turn round, and—to Uh9 his own phrase— acci-pt the inixorable ligio of facts I'his at last he hss done, ard in the pamphlet »"> ve mentioned, entitled " Le Pope ct le Coigrrs," ha goes further thun Italians had hoped. He argues that the functions of Vi<ar ot Christ, and Temporal Governor ennot co-exist in thetame person —that the revolt of the Romagnese proves how impos ible it is that tbe status quo ante bellum should be restored : that " the smaller the state the greater the Monarch ;" that, the Pope ruling the City of Kome only, and supported by contributions to be levied in all the Catholic states would be more independent and more happy; and then proceeds to draw a picture of the Eternal City as it might be: a people employed by tbe culture of ruins, in godly exerciBe and prayer, and deTout meditation, and the collection of historical traditions, living under the paternal guidance of the Head of the Church who, not distracted by temporal concerns, would present a touching spectacle of grace and goodness. The pamphlet presents so much thae is favorable to our wishes for the cessation of the Pope's government that it seems hardly fair to quarrel with it; yet surely any one who knows Rome aud its inhabitants cannot but indulge in a burst of Homeric laughter at the thought of the civn Bomani indulging in the pnrsuits so graccfully sketched for them by the facile pen of M. de la Guerronninere'. And the injustice of the arrangement is manifest. If Romagna is to be free to elect her governor, why not Rome ? If by abnegating their highest functions, and resigning themselves to devout meditation and the culture of ruins, so injury is inflicted on the Romans, surely the sooner the Romagna is brought to the same condition the better for its population. Of course the Pope differs from the sentiments enunciated in the pamphlet. His Holiness, in truth, was so exasperated that he told the French General at Rome, 'hat he considered the brtehure in question "a monument of hypocrisy and a tissue of ignoble contra" dictions." In the presence ot the Due de Grammont, 1hc French Ambassador at Rome, he comported himself in so vi -Irnt a ina.mor, that his Uxcelleney was c impelled to quit (he Holy Father s presence ; and he Las siu-e written home for his i recall. '- 1 - h^u you add to this, thitt e . Pope—regardl<ae of the unpleasant caution of the atmoupher.1—his thre^em-d to retire to tha Catacombs, I think you will agree that Roman afi'ii e ar-i irt a diS^-erate condition; and that it. will reqiire all tha B'ill of his os iiw Eminence, Cardinal i wto is at pri-stnt at Rom? to mend Asm. Th* Church ia tvideutly r.f op.ir.ion 'hat lh»re is thu-der in the air, for th* toc'in has brfnsoutd-d tbroaghoat j Furr-pe. *lh« Archbi«bnp of Vienna pub lishes an inriigi-mt pastoral, Archbishop C'ullen—our Irish friend—publishes another, and convenes meetings without end. Addresses are being signed in England; iu fact there is the very what's his name to pay. The French Bishops received their o,d=xs, and th-y proposed publishing »h"ir ana'h>"mw against tbs enenius of ihe chui-ih, but Napoleon said he wouldn't hnvi it. so they w.-re silent perforce I hit the Ktnperor oimios what he *ay», appear likt ly fn m th« fact that bit letter to the Pope, written on New Year's eve, in a very respectful manner, hut full of very diragreeable matter, touching the resignation of the revolted provinces—is sold by order through iut Francs at one sonsper ojpy He hu= irud ' good use of his time has the Kmporor, or h- wou'd not be so independent < f the liolr Catholic Church, which hi lpi-d to place him on his throne. I was horry to see that M. ViUemain, whose literary talents and liberal opinions had causud him to be respected by all his contemporaries, should have attempted to defend the Popi 's sovereignty in a very illogical and absurd pamphlet. The Rmperor is making very considerable efforts to turn the current of English filling in his favour. About three weeks since he held a long conversation with Mrs Cobden, which he caused to be reported in The Times;—in this be tries to prove that all the uaval preparations he has been making were contemplated and proposed by Louis Philippe; that he is merely carrying out the design of the citizen monarch; that he has the warmeBt feelings of attachment to England; that the Tories had calumniated him iu order that Austria might be favored in the late war; all of which arguments, however convincing to Mr Cobden—predisposed in their favor— have made not the slightest impression upon the English public. We are disposed to trust more to our volunteers than to all the promises or fine speeches of the man who has nut the slightest compunct n at saying the tlrng which is not, if he can farther bis own ends thereby. Let it be noted thrt his iron-plated ships are proceeding with all possible speed; but such an addition has been made to the personnel of his navy that twelve new admirals, with subordinats officers to correspond, have first been appointed. The most effective movement that he has made is one in favor of free trade; an announcement of his intention appeared in the Moniteur of Saturday, in tbe shape of a letter to M Fouid. AH prohibitions are t« be removed, and the duties upon all necssaries be very much lightened. This is a step in advance for Protectionist France. Thus far a month has advanced us. France's policy is very nearly in a line with England's, aud as the meeting of Congress is indefinitely deferred through the opposition of Austria, the Pope, and Naples to the Emperor's pamphlet, there seems s->me chnnce of Italy being settled according to ber wishes No opposition that Austria can make is iikeiy to te < ffectcd. M11; is so poor, that 'he obstinate young Kmperor has been compelled to j ut his army on the peace establishment; and has avowed to the English Cabinet that h« caun-jt di-fend tha treaty of Viili Franca, ia iNapoteoa is disposed to bi-cuk ir. I he meet in? of Parliament on the 24th •iflTrni b me chance of my being able to givo you fjli<-r detail* next miil. As regards f .OM.e Politics, there is little to tell. The, Itei'o m Uiil is ready to ba produced by ' t'lH men in office; it will be of a vi-ry mod.iute cha-.aetHr. at the lone* must ajt b- off-oded. Mr Bright hu retired from the ground he look up lust year, when he denounced the aribtyc acv. clergy, landed propr.vtors and itheia. Be who will be content wlh a j-oderac bill, he hrives a last sigh for own hai.tling, but will c-ven adopt onotticr ii' it buve but a m idorale chare of Kood looks. fTlie volunteer movement— whieh he onposes—ia gaining grouad r«pi Ij; it is impossible ti give y u the nuin'-ero enroled, as no returns have jet bean ln.dj, but the estimate is about 100,UW. Despite the troubles of tho year, pub„ lishi.iK liav had a very good season. Capt. Mc li- itue.k'a " Voyage of the Fox," has to d HO.Ill copies; the Narrative of Lord itlgiu'o VJisvi-Ki, and Air Itussell's " Diary i 1 India" ure very successful;—and even lor such a book as Oarwin's " O igin of pedes." t'.c dem tnd has been very great * lie Ournhill Magazine, under Mr. Ihackeray's editorship, he a been commenced. aud Ihe first number circulated to the extent of 60,0(10 copies; whie its •enior by two momhs, Macmillan's Maga- zine, conducted by the learned aud menial David Maston, and c tunting the author of " Tom Brown's School Days" amongst its contributors, prospers exceedingly; the last number, enriched by a little power of Tennyson's, passing into a eecoua edition. Panfomiaes are « their fall vigor, and the theatres, with one or two exceptions, amongst which must he counted the Lyceum, under Madame Celeste, are reaping the fruits of their arduous labor in November and December; the months when the manager works double tides, wbon sceno-shifters are busy, and young ladies of the ballet flick in great force to stage doors, whence many are sent empty away, others being piqulant at their engagemeiit to stand gracefully on one leg for indefinite periods of time—remuneration ranging from six shillings to twelve shillings weekly. The past year has been the death of men eminent in hteraturo aud politics; but amongst theBe there can be numbered no one whose loss is more widely felt than ho whose body was placed in the Poet's Corner of Westminster Abbey last Monday week. Distinguished as an essayist, historian,{poet, and orator, Thomas Babington Macauley was honoured wherever the English tongue is spoken ; and in lands where the vocables are not our own, there had been raised fresh admirers of his genius by the translation of bis immortal history. On the 2Sth of December he received a family party to dinner, and though very quiet, appeared to be in his usual health. On the following Wednesday he was attacked by his old complaint— whi ;lt so fearfully afl! Jtsd him in 1862— and died the same evening- To those who knew him not his death was an unexpected blow, bat any one wh» has seen him iturthe list fnw years co lid read in the striking p :1 n- s-i of th* face, and the wavi-d, bnik.-o Hik that catne over it at timos wli'-u sitti-ig by himself, thit, he UeVt-r w 'ill t h a very old man. Aud now he h n i'.d a*ray for ever! Tho seat in old K-nsinitin Chur-eh, th« second tow in the Minis eriil benches,—where I have often eeei him chatting with L'ird Q-anville or tha lJuke of ^gyle,—.lyiil know h m no raoro. Mmditin in the choir ot the abbey (U-rJDtid d by new rep'elentat 1 rofevrjy kit.d of ii ernry c.-l ure assa nDled to do humag* to th* memoiy ot him for whoa the fiortiem being sung, I cenld flat but c ntrast mentally the face and figura of the man as I had known him with the youthful coaotrr.ance flu-hed by words of praise from Jeffrey on the success of his " Milton" Essay. Macauley's life was a successful one—successful far beyond the lot of man. He was greatly ambitious and he received great honours, his taste was for a literary life thay were indulged to 'the full. He -vould be an orator and he a 1 spoke that the Uou e was thronged to hear him; he won id,interrupt the man and tha period of our history that loved, and he had two comments for audience. That th na triumohs were due in part to h'8 very defici- ncies I am quite prepared to grant. The conventional tone of hit writing that had endeared him Co tbe common - place Englishman whi praittd Macaulay for his no' nonsense is one of the indices to hit uiiud and temperament. It reveals the absence of that quality which ii present in all the greatest men—those indeed whom we call great. And it hoi therefore been very painful to some of his sincere admirers to witness tbe claims pat forth on behalf of the deceased historian. Macaulay's was stout and strong, but it was not capable of sounding the Atlantio ocean. There are hights which he hoi never reached, depths which be hss never fathomed. But it iB hard to speak of tbe dead in terms of depreciation. De moriuit nil mti bonum is a maxim which has its foundation deep in our nature, and though Lord Macaulay was not a man who attached personal regard by his literaty production, yet we feel how dearer a task it is to reckon up the protests he has uttered against that which he conceived wrong, to think of the mind so stored with erudition, which he could display withoat affectation or pedantry—or that imagination, not lofty but strong, that coald summon the spectres of the past before ui, and make them visible aa the ghosts to Banquo. Grant him bis defects, admit his defi. ciencies, there is that in his writing! which men will not willingly let die, and it must be a day far distant when England shall have had such gifted sons that she can afford to remit homage to Thomas Babington Macaulay.) 