aR :::iEviEw: rho Tii, srECTATOR OF SFPT. 25.) Footfalls do the Boundary of anoller World. SWith l .Nariative Illustrations. By Rtbtert , Dale Owen. From the tenth American Edi ...tion, with emendations and adlditions by the ;.. author. Published by Trubuer & Co. Thouoh unconvinced by Mr. Owen's reason ing, we look upon an lEnglish edition of his book as a welcome appcarauce, and ereet it in tihe spirit of the Spanioh proverb, " Dies me do con tiendec on quien me ettiendc." If we must engage iu controversy with tihe modern spiri Stualists, let us by all means have to do with the ...mlost intelligent, well- informed, and candid dis : ,putant amongst them. We nse the word " spi ritualists" for want of a better, to designato Sthlldse eho believe thatthlsi earth is still tenanted 'by thle spirits of the dead, which can make themiselves visible to the living, converse with . theims b, speech or by means of audible signals, s an4mn'anifest their presence. by other physical tokens, '&c.; but this definition, incomplete as it.is, includes muclh msro than what commonly goes by the name of spiritualism, inamed, spirit rapping and table-turning. Mr. Owen has '-muclLto.sas..of.thl. ft'orPr ef th8ese two Ihust lit L-tlo of the latter. His oejtet being to set forth .facts in evidence of thle reality of spiritual inter verition in humns affairs, Ihe has sought to avoid .lllsuspicion' of being yielding to the misleading effects of epidemic excitement, by restricting the inquiry to alleged phlenomena which are in ' tlheir clharacter spontaneous, not evoked, and SWlhichl exist, if they exist at all, as independently of hsuman asgency as thle rainbow or the aurora borealis. 1Ie discusses dreams, wraiths, ghosts, second sight5 haunted houses, and other subjects, which occupy a large portion of whvlat Mrs. Crowe haIs called tlhe " Night Side of Nature," .and if not successful in his efforts to prove tlhe truth of his doctrine, at least hIe does inot fail to .interest and amuse hIis readers by tihe well chosen and well toldl examples Ihe adduces in suppoip t (f it. But his book is not mnerely cu rious and amusing; its utility imay be recog .nisod even by those who dissent most strongly from thle authlor's conclusions, because it may o "regarded as an accredited exposition of seve .ral classes of alleged facts which ought either to be broughlt withlin tile domain of science, or to S'be clearly convicted of filselhood. Alchemy gave birth to cihemistry; tihe pseudo-science 'of mesmerism has enriched physiolgy witlh niovel faets of great moment; and who can tell what precious. germs of truth may lie hidden undler some of the delssions of modern spiritualism ? oThes subject of dreams might seem to be out of thle proper range of our author's inquiry, but he brings it within hIis province by means of tlhe h.liypothesis that some dreams may be suggested to the sleepers mind by guardian spirits. Suel tlo thlinks must have been tie orlgin of a remarkable warning dreamn related by Dr. Aber crosmbie, who declares that he is " enabled to give it as perfectly authentic." The doctor's . statenment is contained in the first paragraph of the following extract; thle rest is added by Mr. Owen:- TIHE EoOnO SERVANT. lA,. . ltdy dreamed that pn aged female rela tive had been murdlered by a black servant: and the dream occurred more than once. She was then so much impressed by it tlhat ste went to the Ihouse of the lhdy to whom it related, and. Sprevailed upon a gentleman to watch in an ad joiuing room during tie following night. About 3 o'clock in thle morning the gentleman, hearing footsteps on the stairs, left his place of concealment and met the servant carrying up a quantity of coals. Being questioneld as to where he was going, he replied in a confused and hurried mannser, that he was goisg to mend his' inistress's fire: silhichl at 3 o'clock in tihe morning, in tie smiddle of summer, was evi ldetly inmpssible i and, on further investigation, ta strong knife was found concealed beneathl the S'dcoals S'' 'This narrative, remarkiable as it is, is not .given in suflicient detail. It does not intinmate vwlethler thie lady who dreamsed knew or not, at Sthe time,.thlat hier aged relative had a negro ser vent. Nor does it say anything of thle subse Squent conduct and fate of tlhat servanst. Nor .'does it furnish the inames of tlhe parties. I am fortunately enabled to supply these deficien eies. ",WsWhile in Edinburghl, its October, 1858, I hsid'dccasidn to submit this clhapter to a lady the daughter of a distinguished statesman, and herself well knowin by numerous and successful works-who, in returning it to me, kindlly ap pended to the above narrative thle following note-' This lady was MIrs Rutherford, of Eger ton, grand-aunt of Sir Walter Scott; andtl I have myself, heard the story from tihe famsily. The lady who dreamsed was the daughter of Mr. Rutherford, then absent from Ihomen. On her return she was astonishled, on entering hier ''mother's hIouse, to meet the very black servant whlom she had seen in her dream, as he had been engaged in her absence. This nan was, long afterwards, hIung for murder; arnd before his executios, ihe confessed tlhat he Ihad intended Stod assassinate Mrs. lutlrerford.' " The story, with this attesting voucher giving the names of thie persons referred to, and Ssupplying tihe particulars which greatly add to t. lthe value of the illustration, is, I thintlk, the very strongest example of prevision itt dreanis I ever met with." \- The following remarkable example of rare sightt in dreams is origialI TIIE TWYO PIILD-MIOt. :- 'i In the winter of 1835-36, a schooner was frozen tip in: thie upper part of thle Bay of Fundy, close to )orchlester, whichl is nine miles from tie river Fedeudiac. During the time of : h.er detention, shie was entrusted to the care of a gentlemnan of thie nasme of Clarke, who is at ::: this timse captailn of the schooner Julia Issllock, Strading bIetween Nesv York and 3t. Jago de Otibn. " Captain Clarke's p'ternal grandmother, Mrs. Ann Darwe Clarke, to lwhom he was much attached, was at that tisme living, and, so far as : ;: he knIes, well. She a's ressding at Lyme-Re gio, in tihe County of Dorset, Esngland. : " On thie night of tls 17th February, 1836, Captain Clarke, then on board the scliooner re ferred to, Ihad a dream of so vii'd a chlarieter that it protduced a great impression upon him. 1Ie dreasmeds tlhat beisg at Lyme-Regis, heI'saw 'piss before himin tlhe funeral of his grandmother. Hie toolek h'ote' of thie chief persons who conmpo sed the procession, observed who were the paill bearerdi, who were the mourners, and in what order they walked, and distipguished who was the officiating pastor. He joined the pirocession . .' , as it aipprached the oburchyard gate, and pro ceed1d with it to the grave. He thought (in his dream) that the weather was stormy, and the ground wet, as after a heavy rain ; and he rio ticed that the wind being high, blew the pall partly off the coffin. The graveyard which they entered, the old Protestant one, in the centre of the town, was the same in which, as Captain Clarke knew, their family burying-place was. He perfectly romemlered its situation ; but, to his surprise, tihe funeral procession did not pro eced thither, but to another part of the church yard, at some distance. There (still in his dream) he saw the open grave, partially filled with water, as from the rain ; and, looking into it, he particularly noticed floating In the water two drowned field-mice. Afterwards, as Ihe thought, lie conversed with his mother; and she h.id told him that the morning had been so tempestuous that the funeral, originally appoin ted for 10 o'clock, hlid been deferred till 4. He remarked, in reply, that it was a fortunate circumstance: for, as he had just arrived in tinme to join the. procession, had the funeral taken place in the forenoon he could not have attended it at all. " This dream made so deep an impression on Captain Clarke, that in the morning he noted the date of it. Some time afterwards there catte the Inews of his grandmother's death, with the additional particulars that she was buried nil the same day on which ihe, being in North America, had dreamed of lier funeral. " When, four years afterwards, Captain Clarke visited Lynme-Kc gis, he found that every particular of his dream minutely corresponded with the reality. The pastor, tihe pall-bearers, mourners, were the same persons he had seen. Yet this, we may suppose, he might naturally have anticipated. But the funeral had been appointed for 10 o'clock in the morning, and, in consequence of the tempestuous weather and the heavy rain that was falling, it had been de layed until 4 in the afternoon. IIi mother, who attended the funeral, distinctly recollected that the high wind blew the pall partially off thl coffin. In consequence of a wish expressed by the old lady, shortly before her death, shtl was buried, not in the burying-place of the family, but at another spot selected by herself; and to this spot Captain Clarke, without any indication from tlhe family or otherwise, pro ceeded at once, as directly as if he had been present at tlie burial. Finally, on comparing notes with the old sexton it appeared that the heavy ruin of the morning had partially filled tite grave, and that there were actually found in it two field-mice drowned. " This last incident, even if there were no other, might suffice to precludo all idea of acci ldental coincidence. " The above was narrated to me by Captain Clarke himself, with permission to use hIris name in attestation of its truth." The following is one of three examples of dreams of which MIr. Owen asserts that they involve, "unless the narrators directly lie, . . phenomena and laws connected with dreaming, which have never yet been ex plained, and hlave scarcely been investigated." It was communicated by the daughter of a gentleman well-known in the literary circles of Great Britain. and he gives it in her own words. ONE DREAM TItE COUNTEnPART OF ANOTIIER. " We had a friend, S-- , who, some years ago, was in a delicate state of health, believed to be consumptive. He lived several hulndred miles from us, and, although our, family were intimately acquainted with himself, we knew neither.his home nor his f:tmily; our intercourse being chiefly by letters, received at intervals. " One night, when there was no special cause for my mind reverting to our friend or to his state of health, I dreamed tbat I had to go to tie town where he resided. In my dream I seemed to arrive at a particular house, into whlichl I entered, and went straight up-stairs into a darkencl chamber. There, on hiis bedl, I sawv S-, lying as if about to die. I walked up to him; and, not mournfully, but as if filled with hopeful assurance, I took his hand and said, 'No, you are not going to die. Be comforted: You will live !' Even as I spoke I seemed to hear an exquisite stream of music sounding throurgh the room. "On awaking, so vivid were the impressions remaining, that, unable to shake them off even the next day, I conmmnunicated them to my mothler, and then wrote to S-, enquiring afterhis health, but giving him no clue to the cause ofmv anxiety. " Hlis reply informed us that he had been very ill-indeed, supposed to be at the point of death-and that my letter, which for several days lie had been too ill to read, had been a great happiness to hIim. "It was three yearsafter this that my mother and I met S- , in London; and by the con versation turning on dreams, I said, 'By tile way, I had a singular dream about three years ago, when you were so ill;' and I related it. As I proceeded I observed a remarkable expres sion spread over his face; and when I concluded, lie said with much emotion, ' This is singular indeed; for I too, had, a night or two before your letter arrived, a dream thebo very counter part of yours. I seemed to myself on the point of death, and was taking final leave of nmy brother. " Is there anything," he said, " I can do for you before you die? " Yes " I replied in my dream; " two things. Send for my friend A..I.H- ; I must see her before I depart." " Impossible," said my brother; "it would be an unheard of thing: she would never come." "She would," I insisted it my dream, and added, " I would also hear my favorite sotnata by Beethoven, ere I die." "But these are trifles," exclaimed my brother, almost sternly. " Have you no desires more earnsst at so solemn an hour ?" " No; to see my friend A. DI. and to hear.that sonata, that is all I wish." And even as I spoke, in my dream, I saw you enter. You walked up to the bed with a cheerful air; ane while thel music I longed for filled the room, you spoke to me encouragingly, saying I should not die." " Knowing the writer well, I can vouch for this narration; embodying as it does, that rare and remarkable phenomenon,- two concurring and synonomous dreams. Mr. Owen's volume is rich in examples of "Disturbances popularly termed Hauntings." The oldest case it cites s l that which is narrated 1v Glanvil as liavino occurred at Mr. Dlomnes son's house at I-Iedworth, atnd continued for two entire years, nnmely, from April 1661, until April, 1663. Tile disturbance in this instance consisted mainly ill a continual noise of drum ming, the origin of which was never discovered, hut it was connected, in MIrs. Moompesson's mind with tile fact that, as a 1Iagistrato, he \--' ·~ .:s had committed to prison a vagrant drummerho who had been ninoying the country by noisy demands for charity. The next case quoted at length'is thalt'of the noises which for two months larrassod the inmates of the parsonage at Epworth in 1716 and 1717, during the incumbency of the Rev. Samuel Wesley, the father of "the founder of Methodism. Many other instances'of haunted houses more recent, a",d some of them still more curious than tlho.e we have mentioned; but these were only pro lusions to the famous knockings at Ilydeaville in Western New York, in 1848, from which dates the discovery that " these mysteriou:s sounds are instinct with intelligence," and that disembodied spirits, though capable ofartioulate speechl prefer to hold converse with mortals by rapping, and willingly respond to questions through that medium. In Mr. Mompesson's case, suspicion pointed strongly to one living person as the contriver of the disturbances, and in the Hydesville case there is glaring evidence of malioious human agency. The b'ox iamily, tlie tehants of the haunted house, were informesL by the'kiocking ghost that his name was Charles B. Rosma, and that he had been mur dered and. buried in - the cellar by a Mr. Bell, who had formerly occupied the house. Thl story was bhacked up by the manifestly conclu sivg evidence of a servant who had lived with Bell, and by tlhe discovery, after the lapse of of some months, of a few human bones under the floorof the cellar, where the ghost declared that his body had been buried whole. These bones .on an examinination by a medical man skilled in anatomy' proved to be portions [only] of a human skeleton, including two bones of tie hand and cerlain parts of the skull; but no connected skull was found." Mr, Bell, the alleged murderer, on Iearing of these transac tions, gave the strongest proof of conscious in nocence by immediately returning to the neigh borlhood of his former dwelling, and challenging esquiry - whilst, on tile other hand, all enquiry railed to discover that such a person as Charles B. IRosma lihad ever existed. The Hydesville knockings were soon followed by those of Rlochester, in tlhe same State, in which an officious spirit announced that a mis sifig man liad been murdered and thrown into the canal, and the enlightened public opinion of Roche-ter gave ready credence to the tale; but some months afterwards, the "murdered man " reappeared in the flesh ; he Isad departed se cretly to Canada to avoid his creditors. Such are tle first two enstancs on which is based the wholo theoay of spirit-rapping; and, in our humble opinion, it could hardly rest on a more rotten, foundation. But Mr. Owen is too resolute a believer to be seblstted by difficulties which to us appear insurmountable. See what hb says of the Rochester ghost's little bit of sportive fiction " If we concede the reality of the spirit-rap, and if we issume to judge of ultra-mundane intentions, we may immagine .the purpose was, by so early and so maiked a lesson, to warn men, even from the commencement, against putting implicit saith in spiritual cJmmunica= tions." Be it so. We accept the warning in the most unlimnitcd sense. - .. . 