VICTORIA. B&nx; Bates 01 Exchange. — An important modi fication hi the rate3 of interest and discount, allowed or charged by the banks, has been made this week. The following are the rates now established : — Interest on deposits, at 30 days, \\\ and 2 per cent.; do. do. do., at 3 months, 2 and 2J per cent. ; do. do. do., at 6 months, 4 and 4J per cent. No higher rate for any longer period. Discount, 2 mouths' business bills, 7 per cent. ; do., 3 do., 8 per cent. ; do-, 4 do., 9 percent. On regular and unsecured advances, and past-due bills, 12 per cent. The rates of exchange remain without alteration. Imposts. — The import market continues inactive. Small parcels of flour have been in fair demand at unchanged rates, Adelaide town brands selling at from £15 10s. to £16 per ton. Oats have been in rather more inquiry. A portion of the cargo of wheat per Midnight, from San Francisco, is reported to have =roneinto millers' hands, but the price at which it has been disposed of has not transpired. The auction sales to-day have not been of any importance. Insoivency- — The Insolvency Circular for the month of August gives a list of 114 insolvents whose schedules have been filed. In the majority of the estates liabilities involved are under £500 — 47 beiug under £200. The total amount of stated liabilities is £103,700, and of assets, £46,632. The Aoapemone. — Vice-Chancellor Sir John Stuart pronounced judgment in the case of ' Nottidge v. Prince on 25th July. He recapitulated the main facts. He said that in June, 1848, James Prince, the defendant, obtained from Louisa Nottidge a transfet of stock to the amount of £5,728 Three-per-Cent. Consols ; that stock was the whole of her, remaining fortune, and the sole means of her support, and the defendant .claimed to be entitled to it under a free gift from this lady. She died intestate in 1858, and her brother, the present plaintiff, instituted this suit as legal personal representative of the n»xt of. kin of the deceased. The bill averred that the gift was obtained by misrepresentation and deception, and was made under the influence of gross delusiou, ' inculcated and encouraged by himself for his own purpose, and when she was wholly incompetent to manage her own affairs, or effectually to apply her mind to any business whatever.' If these allegations were sufficiently proved, defendant could- not retain the property, because when a gift was made whilst the donor was laboring under a deception or delusion it could not be valid, whether the delusion be of a spiritual or & temporal character.' There was ample evidence that the defendant influenced the mind of Miss Louisa Nottidge by assuming a false character ; that he had done this was shown by his own cross examination, where he represented himself as the Holy Ghost. The Court delared that the transfer of the several sums of stock mentioned in the plaintiff's bill into the name of the defendant was improperly obtained and must be Bet aside, the stock must be transferred to the legal personal representative of Miss Louisa Nottidge, and all the dividends accrued since her death must be paid to the plaintiff, and the defendant must pay all the costs of the suit. Woman's Love. — At the Bow-street Police Court, Thoma* Hart-man was charged with a frightfii assault upon a young woman, named $raiwes Jaffend. Th* girl had discarded Hartiriatf, who had been payipg- his addresses to her. On the 27th alt. he called at her mother's house, -and on- being -told to leave, he dealt her a terrible hlow with a poker, which was broken in two by the force of the blow^ — Mr. Tra vers, surgeon, said the wound was such as to hare endangered the young woman's life, snd it was almost a miracle she had recovered. — The prisoner, who cried bitterly during the inquiry, pleaded guilty, but said he should never have dreamt of such an act had he not been drinking, as ho was greatly attached to the proseentrix. — The magistrate committed him for trial. — As the prisoner was being removed tho pro secutrix kissed him tenderly. ' A Highwayman's Fate. — One of Sir Martin Shee's early sitters was Mr. Addington, cliief police magistrate of London — an incident connected with the execution of whose portraits we shall quota aa rather startling. The magistrate was sitting to the artist when tha Iatter's servant announced the name of a visitor wishing to see the former.- 'The tnagis« trate, evidently somewhat excited by the announce ment, asked leave of Mr. Shea to have Jjihe visitor ushered into the painting room, observing thatit was one of his officers who came to Mti by appoint ment, and who had a communication, to make to him, which need not interrupt the sitting. The request being of course granted, tli? functionary in question was at once admitted, and, anticipating the magis trate's eager inquiry, exclaimed in a tone of great exultation, and rubbing his hands, 'I have done it, Sir; shot him ! shot him dead at 4 o'clock this morning !' An announcement which was received by his chief with an exclamation of delight, and every appearance of a most lively satisfaction. After this Little out burst of official hilarity, Mr. Addington, turning to Mr. Shee, who had witnessed the scene with some amazement, informed him that the individual who had been so summarily disposed of by the triumphant police-constable, was a csrtain notorious highwayman, whose depredations the magistrate had set his heart on effectually stopping, and whom he had recently taken measures to secure, dead or alive. He then proceeded to inquire from his zealous emissary the details of the highly successful operation in which hs had been engaged. It appeared that the unfor tunate knight of the road had been for several months past infesting the localities of Wimbledon-common and^ouaslow-heatb, and levying abundant contribu tions upon sundry of His Majesty's lieges, who were adventurous enough to indulge in the dangerous practice of travelling post after nightfall. For a long time the police authorities had been on his track, but he had succeeded iu eluding their vigilance. At length it was resolved to resort to stratagem for the purpose of securing him ; and, with the sanction of his chief, the intelligent official had, on the previous night, accompanied by another Bow-street officer of approved skill and nerve, like himself, armed to the teeth, driven out iu a postchaise and four to the scene of the highwayman's most frequent- exploits. After traversing in all directions the district which sasmed most likely to attract his watchful attention, they were at length so fortunate as to fall in with him. while proceeding at a rapid pace across Wimblsdoncom mon. Deceived by the style of the equipage, which he, no doubt, supposed to be conveying some traveller of importance, supplied with a well-filled purse, he - boldly rode «p to the carriage, as it approached, and called to the postilions to stop. As previously instructed, they promptly obeyed the peremptory order ; and the robber presenting himseu^ pistol in hand, at the ca'rriage window, encountered the muzzle of another pistol, pointed at h-s breast, and tha next instant fell deal from. Ms horse.' — Memoirs of Sir M. A. Shee. A Paeable by Spxjegkon. — A certain tyrant sent for one of bis subjects and said to him, ' What is youv employment?' He said, 'lama blacksmith.' ' Go home,' said he, ' and make me a chain of such a length. He- went hoine. It occupied him several montlis, and he had no wages all the while he was making it. Then he brought it- to the monarch, and he said ' Go and make it twice as long.' He gave him nothing to do it with, but sent him away. Again he worked on, and made it twice as long. He brought it up again to' the monarch, and he said ' Go and make it longer stilL' Each time he brought it, there was nothing but the command to make it longer stilL And when he brought it up at last, the mo narch said 'Take it and bind him hand and foot with it, and cast him into a furnace of fire.' ' These were Ms wages for making the chain. Here is a medi tation for yon to-night, ye servants of tna devil! Your master, the devil, is telling you to make a chain. Some of you have been fifty years hiding the links of the chain , and he says ' Go and make it longer still.1' Next Sunday morning you will open that *hop of yours, and put another link on ; next Mon day you will do a dishonest action, and so will keep on making fresh links for this chain ; and so, when vou have lived twenty more yeara, the devil will say ' More links on still !' And then, at last, it will be ' Takfr«bim and bind him hand and foot, and cast him into a furnace of fire ;' for ' the wage3 of sin is ieath.' There is a subject for your meditation. I lo not think it will be sweet ; but if God makes it profitable, it will do you good. You must have strong medicine sometimse, when the disease is bad. God apply it to your hearts. The New Comuanbeb of the Geeat Eastern. — An instance of the thorough seamanlike bearing of Captain Hall, the successor of the much-regretted Captain Harrison, in command of the big ship, when in charge of the general screw-steamer Croesus, is deserving of mention. On this occasion the Croesus had 170 passengers, and was on her voyage between England and Australia. Meeting with an accident, a survey took place at Sydney, and there being no lock that she could go into, Captain Hall built a caisson round her stern, and started afresh upon the voyage. The injury being, however, very far beneath the reach of any one, for four months and twenty days the crew had to pump incessantly ; and, to add to their perils, the screw was lost, and the vessel was left with adverse winds at the mercy of tlie waters. Aided by the purser, Mr. Cox, the passen gers were kept in ignorance of their danger, and this officer sat at the piano, sang, read, and otherwise unused the company as though it had been a parly if pleasure rather than a run for dear life. The ship ?vas ultimately brought safely into port, and then it ?ras discovered that her stern must have shortly parted entirely from the hull ; and now, in after vears, the Captain and Mr. Cox find themselves on hoard the Great Eastern in the same relative situa tions. — Nonconformist. Decbease of Paotebism'. — A return of the num ber of paupers receiving relief in the first quarter of the year states that, though there was a great de crease in 1859, there is a further small decrease this year. The number at the end of March last had -lecreased 12.32 per cent, as compared with the same period in 1858, and 2.43 per cent, as compared with 1859\. This is for all England : iu the metropolis the decrease was greater in both years, and in the Xorth Midland, North Western, and York divisions of England, where the principal manufactures are carried on, the decrease in 1859 was nearly double, -tnd in 1860 nearly treble that of the country as 9 whole. The number of paupers receiving relief in England on the last day of the first week of March were :— In 1858, 952,201 ; in 1859, 855,753 ; n 18S0, 834,920. Sboe3 for Camels. — The Argus gays : — 'We have been favoured by Messrs. Ford Brothers, of 421 King-street, machine sewers and bag makers, with an inspection of the shoes made by that firm for the camels, and which have been taken by Mr. Burke on the exploring expedition. The specimens exhibited to us show very clearly the great difficulty that attended even this, at first sight, simple part of the arrangements for the expedition. The Messrs. Ford made no less than eight different experiments before hitting on the plan that was at length adopted. Each experiment was au improvement on its predecessor, until eventually s most perfect and admirable article was produced. The first was merely a felt slipper, with a hoof or hooi, about the size of a dinner* plate, but of no great consistency or adaptability for wear. The second shoe was made of th^ same materials, with the addition of a leather sole and two iron plates across the foot. This was rejected on the ground that the iron plate would not follow the motion of the camel's foot. All the others were im provements in detail, until the eighth was reached, and adopted. This shoe seems to be most admirably adapted for the purpose for which it is intended. It is in size 11 inches by 9, aud is made of one piece of solid sole leather, having au internal sole of triple felt. The sole extends into five flanges, of about 3 to 5 inches in width, which enclose the foot, and attached to which are straps that go round the fetlock and ankle. The sole of the shoe is firmly studded with nu less than 24 circular iron plates of one and a quarter inch in diameter. By the adoption of this mode of plating, the expansion of the foot is allowed for, and, at the same time, the utmost amount of durability is obtained. Admelll 'Fvsv. — We understand that it; is intended, as soon as possible, to convene a meting ot the Committee, to arrange as to the balance- sheet ; the appropriation of any amount remaining; and, gene rally, to report finally to the public. This notification will be an answer to one or two letters that have reached us on the subject. We may also take the present oppor tunity of savin? that our recent strictures upon 'the manner in which the late demonstration was got up in the Exchange were not intended directly or indirectly to convey censure upon the Admelli Committee, whOM prolonged and arduous labours in oonnec ion with the sad event we all so much deplored, are worthy of unqua lified pnvse. _ Our reference was solely to the absence of that preparation which the ceremony of distributing the medals might havo so naturally suggested. But w« intended no censure upon the Commi tee, who, indeed, were not to blame in 'the matter. Death at Sex. — Mr. George Bos, late Sub Aocountant of the Oriental Bank, of the Sydney Stan b, died at. se\ September 3, 1860 01 board ths Bahar, in lat. 34 ° 43' south, aud long. Ill ° 5' east. ? MjtANG,— From a Parliamentary Paper we perceive that tbe number of lots in thetowaship of Afuang is 100 ; the -rea. Si acres, 1 rood, 33 parches; the number »f lota sold, 94 ; the amount realised, £2016' 14s.; the number of lota unsold, 9; and th# numbtrtf lot* i»m in«V ft - - ???-' 