POPPING THE QUESTION. by an old bachelor. About twenty years ago (I was not then so bald as I am now), I was spending the Mid summer with my old friend and school-fellow, Tom Morton. Tom had married in early life, and had a daughter, Mary Hose, who, to her "father's and mother's beauty," added her uncle Absalom's good humour, and her aunt Deborah's notability. In her yon had the realization of all that the poets have sung about feiiy forms, dulcet voices, and witching eyes. She was such a being as you may imagine to yourself in the heroine of some beautiful romance. My heart was susceptible, and I fell in love. No wm, X thought, had ever loved as I did — a common fancy among lovers — and the intensity of my affection I believed would not fail to secure a return. One cannot explain the secret, bat those who have felt the influence will know how to judge of my feelings. I was as completely over head and ears as mortal could be. I loved with that entire devotion that makes <»K»? piety and brotherly affection mealr to a corner of man's heart, and leave it to the undisputed sovereignty of feminine beauty. The blindness, incidental to my passion, and the young lady's uniform kindness, led mc to believe that the possibility of her becoming my wife was by no means so remote as at first it had appeared to be ; and baring spent several sleepless nights in examining the subject on all sides, I determined to make her an offer of my hand. For more than a week I could obtain no opportunity of speaking alone with my adored, notwithstanding I had frequently left the dinner-table prematurely with that view. ASdength the-fevourable moment seemed -to be at hand. A charity sermon was to be preached by the bishop, for the benefit of a Sunday-school ; and as Mr. Merton was church warden, and destined to hold oue of the plates, it became imperative on bis family to be present on the occasion. I, of course proffered my services ; and it was arranged that we should set off early next morning, to secure good seats in the centre aisle. I could hardly dose my eyes that night for thinking how I should " Pop the question;" and when I did get a short slumber, was waked on a sudden by some one starting from behind a hedge just as I was dis closing the soft secret Sometimes, when I had fancied myself sitting by the lovely Mary in a bower of jasmine and roses, and had just con cluded a beautiful rhapsody about loves and doves, myrtles and turtles, I raised my blush ing head, and found myself tete-a-tete with her papa. At another moment, she would slip a beautiful pink, hot-pressed billet-doux into my hand, which when I unfolded it, would turn out to bea challenge from some favored lover, desir ing the satisfaction of meeting meat six in. the -morning, and so forth, and concluded as usual with an indirect allusion to a horsewhip. Morn ing dreams, they say, always come true. It's a grossfelsehood — mine never cometrae. But! had a pleasant vision that morning; and I fondly be lieved it would be verified. Methought T had ventured to "pop the question" to my Dulcinea, and was accepted. I jumped out of bed in a tremour. "Yes," I cried, " I will pop the question ; ere ' this night-cap again envelopes this unhappy head the trial shall be made !" And I shaved, and brushed the hair over the bald place on my crown, and tied my cravat with unprecedented care ; and made my appear ance in the breakfast parlor just as the servant maid had begun to dust the tables and chairs. Breakfast time at length arrived. Bat I shall "pass over the blunders I committed during its progress ; how I salted Mary Bote's muffin instead of my own, poured the cream into the sugar-basin, and took a bite at the teapot lid. "Fop the question" haunted me continually, and 1 feared to speak, even on the most ordinary topics, lest I should ' in some way betray myself Pop — pop — pop ! every thing seemed to go off with a pop ; and when at length Mr. Merton hinted to Mary and her mother that it was time for them to pop on their bonnets, I thought he laid a particular stress on the horrible monotyllable "pop," and almost expected him to accuse me of some design upon his daughter. It passed ofij how ever, and we set out for the church. Mary Rose leaned upon my arm and complained how dull I was. I, of course, protested against it, and tried to rally : vivacity, indeed, was one of my characteristics, and I was just beginning to make myself extremely agreeable, when a little urchin, in the thick gloom of a dark entry, let off a popgun dose to my ear. The sound, simple as it may seem, made me start aa if a ghost had stood before me; and when Mary ob served that I was "very nervous this morning" I felt as if I could have throttled the lad ; and inwardly cursed the inventor of pop-guns. We had now arrived in the middle aisle, when my fair companion whispered me — "My dear Mr , wont you take off your hat f " This was only a prelude to still greater blunders. I posted myself at the head of the seat, saqg part of the hundredth psalm while the organist was playing the symphony, sat down when I should have stood up, kqdt when I ought to have been standing, and just at the end of the creed found myself pointed due west, the gaze and wonder of the whole congregation. The sermon at length commenced ; and the quietness that ensued, broken only by perambu lations of the beadle and sub-schoolmaster, and the collision ever and anon of their official wands with the heads of refractory students, guilty of the enormous crime of gaping or twirling their thumbs,- gave me no opportunity of collecting my scattered thoughts. Just as the rest of the congregation were going to sleep, I began to wake from my mental lethargy, land by the time the worthy parson had discussed three or four heads of his text, felt myself competent' to make a speech in Parliament. Just at this moment, too, a thought struck me as beautiful as it was sudden — a plan by which I might make the desirable tender of my person, and display an abundant share of wit into the bargain. To this end, I seized Mary Rose's prayer- book, and turning over the pages till I came to Matrimony, marked the passage, " Wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband ?" with two emphatic dagtuna and confidently printing significantly to myselfj handed it to her with a bow. She took it !-she read it !— she smiled! Was it a smile of assent f. O how my heart beat in my bosom at that instant — so load, that I feared the people around ns might hear its plpifatinin ; and I looked at them to see if they noticed me. She turned over a few leaves— she took my pencil which I "had purposely enclosed in the book— and she marked a passage. xO ye gods and demi-gods, what were my sensations at that moment. X grasped the book — and X squeezed the hand .that presented it; and, opening the page tremblingly, and holding the volume riose to my eyes (for the type was small, and my right ho quite so good as it used to be), I read — O Mary Rose lOMary Rose! that I should live to relate it ? — " A woman may hot many her grandfather." Films on the Eves. — A very common di- j sease with the cattle and horses in Australia is film over the eyes. A simple remedy, recom mended by a correspondent to the " Country Gentleman and Cultivator," we quote as un der : — " I have seen inquiries about films on the eyes of cattle. I have never hada trial on cattle; but have cured or taken off films twice or three times from the eyes of a young mare, by ap plying new milk from the cow two or three times a day for three or four days. Take a little in the mouth, and it is easily deposited in the eye. It is mild, easily tried, and not ex pensive." Get up, Girls. — A Yankee editor, in dis coursing upon early rising, talks in this wise : — " Up with you 1 Don't sleep away this beauti ful morning. Mary, Ellen, Sarah, Olive, Jane, Betty, Susan ! and all the rest of you laty girls, arouse — walk up, rise, and see the sun shine, and brush away the due from the beautiful grass. You not only lose the best portion of the day, while you linger in bed, but you depress your spirits, and contract sluggish habits. What if you are sleepy 1 Jump out of the bed — fly round — stir about — and in a few moments you will be bright as larks. We wouldn't give away a straw for girls who won't get up in the morn ing. What are they good for ? Laty, dumpish creatures — they are not fit for wives or compa nions. Our advice to young men who are look ing for wives would be — never select a female who dozes away the precious morning hours. She may help to eat, but will never prove a help mate." Tee Art or Obseettko. — " I liave seen it with my eyes " is, with the majority of people, the most conclusive asseveration of the truth of an alleged fact. There could not he a greater mistake. To know what it is that you really see, and to describe it with even an approach to accuracy, are qualities -which no man possesses without systematic training and constant practice. Lawyers and scientific men have only too much reason to recognise the extreme imperfection of the mental record of ordinary perceptions. If half-a-dozen people have to give ail account of a fray, or even of a deliberate verbal contract, the chances arc ten to one that no two of them agree, and that each entertains the most absolute conviction that his version is perfectly correct. As a rule, witnesses never know exactly what they have seen and heard. A mental process, in one mind of reasoning, in another of picturesque exaggeration, perverts the true -phenomena, and makes each man's story bear the same relation to the truth which an image in a distorted looking-glass bears to the object which it caricatures. — Saturday Smew. Ban Effects of Sleefixo Ukdeb the Clothes — There is reason to believe that not a few of the ap- parently unaccountable cases of scrofula among children proceed from the habit of sleeping with the head under the bedclothes, and so inhaling air already breathed, which is farther contaminated by exhalations from the skin. Patients are sometimes given to a similar habit ; and it often happens that the bed-clothes are so disposed that the patient must necessarily breathe air more or less contaminated by exhalations from the skin. A good nurse will be carefol to attend to this. It is an important part, so to speak of ventilation. It may be worth while to remark, that when there is any danger of bed sores, a blanket shonld never be placed under the patient. It retains damp, and acts like a poultice. Never nse anything hut light "Whitney blankets as bed covering for the sick. The heavy impervious cotton cOuuterpane is bad, for the very reason that it keeps in the emanations from the sick person, while the blankets allows them to pass through. Weak patients are invariably distressed by .a great weight of bed-clothes, which often prevents their getting any sound sleep whatever. — Florence Nightingale. Kissing. — When a Baltimore girl is kissed, she says she is taking chloroform, and remains insensi ble as long as the operation lasts. When a Bnckney girl is kissed, she throws up her hands andejaculates, " Blissful moments, how they fly ! " When a Louis iana girl is kissed, she gets muffed, and says, " I'd like to see yon do that again — I would." When a Toledo girl is kissed, she acts on the principle, " If any one smacks thee on the one cheek, turn to him the other also." When a Chester girl is kissed, " Now if yon do that again, I'll retaliate — I will." When a Philadelphia girl is kissed, she says, in the most innocent manner imaginable, " Yes, you may go and ask my father." " Why don't yon put on a clean shirt," said a swell the other night to his companion ; " then the girls will smile upon yon as they do npon me." "Brerbody can't afford to put on a clean shirt every day as yon can," was the reply. " Why not ?" said white collar. "Because," said soiled collar, " everybody's mother is not a washer-woman." A Scottish minister administered a rebuke to his man John forgetting occasionally a little elevated in the coarse of his peregrinations on sessional busi ness ; and John excused himself on the plea that his country folk pressed him so heartily to take a dram. "John," replied the minister in a tone of great re buke, " I also visit my people, bat nobody thinks of pressing me." " Aye," says Jolin, ' but that may be because yon are no sae respectet in the parish as I am." "If there is anybody under the canister of heaven that I have in utter excrescence," says Mrs. Parting- ton, "it is the slanderer going about like a boy constructor, circulating his calomel upon honest folks." A shrewd little follow, who had jnst begun to read ashranded his maiden instructress, who was fast approaching a " certain ego," by the following translation : — " Fir, a man ; Gin, a trap ; Virgin, a An old maid, in speaking of marriage, says it is like any other disease— while there's life, there's hope. Some persons in conversation are for ever telling yon that "yon know." At a party one evening, a question arose between certain individuals as to whether a somewhat dasby person present had said "yes," or " no." to an interrogatory. One of his . particular friends, who knew, thus remarked to ns : —r"ffe knows, yon know, what / know, yon know, ; that you know, yon know, that he said 'no,' you know." A man who don't know better than "know" so much, deserves to have his knows tweaked. 