'DR.CAHILL'S CHRISTMAS SER.tf.ON. . . ; ; (From lite New York Freeman.) .'. COD, MADE FLESH, DWELLING AMONG US. ? The distinguished and Reverend Dr. Caliill preached the Christmas sermon at St. Patrick's Cathc'dral, by invitation of the Most Rev. Arch bishop. The Mass, coram Episcopo, was solemnly celebrated by the Very Rev. Mr. Starrs, and after the Gospel Dr. Cahill, taking his stand before tho A liar, commenced his discourse. We adopt, in ve«y groat part, the excellent report of the Irish American :?_ — . '? i;' -.. . . ' , : 1 — 'Toffev yuifjo-my text for this occasion, the whole volume of the New Testament. The most import ant event tliat ever occurred or ever eternity can recall; is commemorated in the anniversary of this day. At twelve o'clock last night, the Savior of the world was born. The fact stands alone in the whole' legislation of God. The logic of God fre quently has thousands and tens of thousands of years between its propositions. Man's logic closes in an hour. We draw our premises in the morning, and we conclude before noon. God's premises are often drawn ages and ages back into eternity; and, though their accomplishment may not take place for generations and generations, still His conclusions are infallible. Millions of years before the foundation of this world was laid, the Son of God said to the Father: 'The people,of earth will not please anil satisfy you. You know the first transaction between you and me, in the head of the book of the records of our own imperial throne. Did I not say, before the foundations of the world were laid, that T would come upon it to substitute peace for anger in you, and save man?' Last night, at twelve o'clock, that! event was accomplished, though millions and millions of years far back in eternity that legisla tion was settled at the head of the book between God the Father and God the Son. No doubt, the greatest event that ever cue worm saw ; uuu a anger appeased, infinitely appeased, infinity atoning for the finite. What was it occurred last night at twelve o'clock ? The Son said: Father, the sin of man against you has risen from the pride of the human heart. I shall appease that pride by humiliation which no tongue can tell. I shall humble myself to the very depth of the earth, by the infinity of my humiliation. In order that I may. execute your commands clearly, because the will of man is finite, I shall no longer have any will. I give up the infinity of my will to you, and I shall make the human intellect reel at beholding the depths of my humiliation. I know that human flesh, with all its carnal appetites, has offended you. I will, therefore, begin by making that flesh feel and suffer in my person the moment of my birth. I will continue to afflict that flesh through the whole of its career, and will make it pay the debt that it owes for its wicked inclinations. I will bruise it ; I will break it ; I will bleed it ; I will nail it to the Cross ; I will kill it, and out of that flesh which offended you I will make a new life beyond the grave. Thisis the legislation that took place between You and Me. And now, how did he come 1 ; ? You have read the Gospel of this morning. Mary, a virgin mother— a Royal Virgin of the house of David, the king anointed, as it were, by the very hand of God himself, descended from him, his relative in the direct line of kingly genealogy founded and consecrated by the hand of the Imperial Ruler himself— Mary, the Mother of God, went from NazHreth to Bethlehem — sixteen English miles— without a penny in her pocket; and when she came to Bethlehem there was no room for her in the inn ! Mary and Joseph retired outside of the village ; and, finding her time approaching, they took refuge in the haunt of wild beasts, and there Mary brought forth the Saviour of the world. His little flesh trembling as he was wrapped in swaddling clothes, and warmed in the manger by the breath of the ox and the ass. One can look at this only in silent astonishment. There is no language by which he is able to express himself upon this. . Even the angels of Heaven were incapable of expressing the whole of that scene. ?' He came to his own, and his1 own received him not.' Wits there ever such a phrase as that? 'He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.' Oh, man! Ho came to his own and his own received him not ! The world was made by him, and the world knew him not ! Will you look at this picture and at that ? And while we look at the character of God tho Father and God the 8on, will you be pleased to think of , the character of man.' The Son of Man came to his, own and his own received Him not.' ' Hewas in f|ie world, and the world knew Him not.' The world was made by Him, and it knew Him not ! Will -,you look at those two pictures f they are both before. you— the character of God and the character of man ; the character ot God in the infinity of His mercy, and the character of man in the infinity of his obduracy. When we read His history and represent it to you, He stands before you as the Son of God — ? assuming flesh? No; made flesh. He united himself as God to man so as to become flesh, born in a stable among beasts, in a foreign village ; : and the world that He made did not know Him ! The nation to which He offered His first imperial blessing did not know Him ! Put that on canvas if you can. It is a subject for the internal reflec tion of the soul, but too great for the tongue to express.1 We have seen that man received Him 'riot; yet, He gave men the power, but only the powcrj to become the sons of God. How beautiful ib that? He did not make them, but He gave them power to be made, by their own exertions. He gave them power to be made the sons of God, and no longer sous of men — no longer slaves of Satan. How? If they believe in His name. But, as long aB they remained children of the flesh, they could not he saved. As long as they remained the children of men they were excluded from God. As long as they remained the slaves of Satan they were for ever banished. But a new era has arrived ? The Son of God has descended and lifted tip the flesh- — has come down and sanctified the flesh. The power of God has descended from the skies and given strength and power to man. Men arq.given the power to be reborn, according to this new legislation. Born of what? Not of blood; nor of the will of the flesh? He is altogether changed. Nor the will of man ? No ; but the will of God. A new fact. I am astonished. I cannot express it. I know very weir that time was when everything everywhere had no existence. There was nothing of all that is above 'us. No sun, no moon, no stafs. I know it; I have read it. I believe it. He willed and He brought forth a new creation. With his Imperial compass he swept the arch of space, and myriads of suns came forth at His word. \ He made the. universe — built it up in a week. -He.; lifted his Imperial right hand and ho carved on the blue page over my head His great name. I knew him capable of anything, but till I read this I knew nothing of his making us brothers of Christ by a new birth. I fancied he would leave us some .means to remedy our deficiency — some plan suited to the infirmity of our nature ; but, until this period, I protest, I had no conception that He was to take us above our own blood ; not only above our blood, but that He was to take us altogether above the will of the flesh. By that He has put a new birth upon the whole of us, and with the birth of Christ we aie no longer mere brethren of each other, but His brothers ; no longer children of man, but chil dren of God. And what a genealogy is that ! Therefore, the wondrous acts of this day do not so much consist in the descent of the Son of God into the flesh, as in the incredible, ineffable, and unmis takeable elevation of character — the new genealogy He has put upon ourselves, in being born, not out of the flesh and blood of man, but being born chil dren of God. 'And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt amongst us. And we beheld His glory, the glory, as it were, of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.' The text leads me to one of the most beautiful, one of the grandest and most sublime facts of the whole legislation. He dwells with us from that hour to this. He remained among us thirty-three years personally — naturally — and when He left us He dwelt still among us, sacramentally, upon our altars. I can believe anything after that. I look upon him in the manger, believing, as I do, who He was, and there exclaim — There is the God of the skies — Man; Infinite riches of His Father — Poverty ; Infinite Majesty — Slavery ; Immortality — the death of the God- man. How incredible all that is ! But it is all so beautiful it would be im perfect unless he remained to the end of the world. Without it that sacrifice would appear to be un finished. I expect more, and I declare, therefore, that the most beautiful is that text where He dwelt among us, not only when on the earth in tho per sonal form, but He continues to the end of the eartli in His sacramental form. T know you will accompany me through the whole of the text by which that is established. I know you will ask me to give the reasons that establish that supernatural fact. How delightful it would be to us, you say, not only that we believe this very fact, but to see the reasons put forth by which our faith will be strengthened, as it were, and conviction given to our belief. I will proceed to give you the texts — not of John, but of Christ himself, and to lay before you, while you give me your breathless attention, the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist — the doctrine .of Transubstantiation— in the words and facts by which this permanent pre sence of Christ among us is infallibly established. They are taken from three sources : from' St. John, chapter 6th; St. Matthew, chapter 2 6th ; and St. Paul to the Corinthians, chapter 11th. You will suppose yourselves in the position of never having, heard this question discussed before the present, time. -The verse is the 48th of the Cth chapter of : John. 'I am the bread of life. Your fathers did1 eat manna in the desert, and arc dead.' I must settle these terms, or I onnot advance a. step.. What is the meaning of the word eat? Is. that an act of faith? No, not precisely, for we knowfthat, they put manna into their mouths. It was a sort of thing like flour, whidi they collected in the morn ing' before six o'clock, and they did eat it. Then, in the next verso, he says : 'Thisis the bread that cometh down from heaven, that if any man eat of it, he shall not die.' Singular bread. We all die on natural bread. It is clearly, then, not natural bread. No. ' I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat ol this bread he shall live for ever; and the bread that I will give is my flesh for the life of the world.' Aston ishing doctrine that. You will ask me, 'Is. that the Eucharist?' Yes. The blessed Eucharist of the Catholic Church is the body and blood — the soul and divinity — of Jesus Christ under the ap- ? pearancc of bread and wine — the whole substance of the bread being changed into His body, and, the whole substance of the wine being changed into His blood. Astonishing doctrine ! — never was anything like that — certainly. If I were allowed to speak to the Lord, then I would have said, I can believe that your flesh can give life, hut how can it be that the bread you give is your flash ! The Jews said, i'. How can this man give us his flesh to put into' ?our mouths and eat?' The text says they i' strove' among themselves. Now that word ' strove,' in English, is not a perfect translation of the Greek word for which it is put, and which sig .nifies men contending as in the field of battle — violently contending. We have, then, in this case, the whole congregation, not part, quarreling among themselves, getting into a universal, violent alterca tion as to how this man could give them his flesh , to eat — put into their mouths and eat. Jesus said ,to them, 'Amen, Amen, I say unto you, except you eat of the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you shall not have life in you.'- You are .lost, perdition is upon you, unless you eaf his flesh and drink his blood, or be in the mental condition to do it and implicitly wish for it. Awful state ment! Can this be. mere bread? Again, ' He ;that eatetli my flesh and drinketh my blood hath everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day.' : Do you see how the heart of Christ heaves for : mankind ' How He plunge3 the soul down to eter , nal perdition, and next lifts it' up to Heaven ? ' For ! (He says) my flesh is meat indeed [alethos] and my j blood is drink indeed [alethos].' 'Indeed' [ale ; thos] means a positive fact — no image — no metaphor — no allegory. It is an obvious plain statement. Again, ' He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood, abideth in me and I in him.' We are iden. tified. This is the object of His mission. I enter into Him and He into me. It is like the nun rising over the whole vegetable kingdom, banishing dark ness, and every thing grows beneath it. The Son of Man rises over whole generations of men, and they abide in Him and He in them. This is glori ous ! This is grand I I could not see how we were born into the new life ;. T did not knowhow we caul d ban;sh - tlie ' f d ea 'of on r fl esh' ' gene'Aiog/ an d ' get a new one ; but I hear it now. ' As the living Father hath sent me,' (a positive affirmation) 'and as I Uye by the Father' — another oath — ' so he also that eateth me, the same also shall live by me.' Here we have the fact affirmed by two positive oaths : ' As my Father hath sent me,' I swear by my me diatorial mission — 'As T live by the Father,' by my mediatorial existence — he who believes in Me is no longer himself, he is a new man. His flesh is saturated, embodied, and identified in Me. Text after text occurs, ' This is the bread that came down ftom Heaven. Not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead. He that eatelh this bread shall live for ever.' But the objector says : You say that the Eucharist is tho body and blood — the soul and the divinity of Christ; that the whole substance of the bread is changed into the body of Christ, and the whole substance of the wine changed into the blood of Christ? Certainly. Not so, he says, it is simply a memorial of His sufferings and death,, bread re maining bread — and wine remaining wine, and the text is to be spiritually received. Very well.; Let us read it then in a spiritual sense. ' Amenj amen, I say unto you, except you eat of the flesh of the Son of Man — ' How can a man eat a spirit? The word is against him. God forbid that anything done in the name of Christ should be looked upon as novel. But if it means the spirit I cannot comprehend how man can eat — the original of which means, put into his mouth. The words of the text are, ' My flesh is meat indeed'— that is, is meat — a positive fact. If you mean that this is a spiritual doctrine per sc, I cannot make any sense of the text. I do not desire to introduce quibbles of logic, but to take the statement of Christ Himself. The text says, ' Many therefore of His disciples, hearing it, said : This saying is hard, and who can bear it ?' What is so hard ? Are you not all Jews ? Is not the whole of your doctrine memorials and types ? Yes. Have you not got the show-bread, the doves, the oxen, the coals, the pigeons ? Are not all your sacrifices types and figures? Yes. Does He speak to you then as He did- — meaning types and figures, when the whole of your religion is typical ? Why do you say this is a hard saying? You can look and judge whether He meant to deal in figures, or whether He meant the plain fact, that He intended to give His flesh to men to eat. Again, ' Jesus knowing in Himself that His disciples murmured at this, said to them : Does this scan dalizeyou? What, then, if you shall seethe Son of Man ascend up where He was before ?' I'll do greater things than that. Do you not believe Me ? You think I cannot give it to you to eat. Hear Me. You will see Me taken by the Jews, buffetted, reviled ; you will see Me nailed to the cross and dead. You will see Me buried, rise from the dead, and see Me sitting at the right hand of My Father, where I was before. Will you believe Me now ? Thus He brings them to his death, and His resur rection and ascension, to make them believe what He states. Has any one ever brought three mysteries to prove a natural fact? Do you think I would bring three mysteries to prove that the sun shines through yon der glass ? Would God the Father bring it to prove the doctrine of a memorial ? Read this as you would read Shakspcarc. I ask of you no more in listening to me than a man would talking to a man. I am speaking 'ike an honest man talking to honest men^— mouth to mouth, intellect to intellect. What could he mean in presenting three mysteries, not yet taken place, to prove this fact ? Is it not a clear case that He desired to go to the depths of that mys tery and make them comprehend it as far as he could make them ? Ho says : — ' It is the spirit that quickeneth — the flesh profiteth nothing. .: The word/ I have spoken unto you are spirit and life.' But, you bay to me, how can you say the flesh pro fltcth nothing? Does that mean the flesh of Cliiist ? Decidedly not ; in every other case he says?wi/ flesh ; now lie says the flesh ; human flesh. So Jesus asks of Peter: — ' Peter do you believe in me?' ' I do.'1 ' Do you love me ?' ' Certainly.' ' Who am I ?'' ' Christ, the Son of God.' ' Blessed art thou Simon Baijona, for flesh and blood hath liot revealed it unto you, but my father who is in Heaven'.' 'You did not know it of yoursalf, but through the grace of God, without which you can understand nothing. I am talking to you of things above nature, but you are judging of me by nature. The flesh will not do ; it profits you nothing, for the doctrine I teach you is above the flesh. How beautiful! Wh'at I tell you is that the spirit of life — the grace . of God — comes.from God, and cannot come from yourself. Will you judge of me by the impulses of your own mind?. lam talking of things only to be kuown by faith—a mystery. The words I have spoken are of that class. And he says to them :— ' There are some of you that believe not.' For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were who belie ved not, and who should betray liim. And he said : — Therefore did I say unto you that no man can come to me unless it be given him. by my Fa ther. After this manv of his discinlcs went back Mid walked no more with him. Then Jesus said to the twelve, will you also go away?' I undertake to say that they were going away, else why; did he ask the question 7 The twelve, after this; were actually going away, petrified, astonished, that the bread He gave was His flesh, and that they wore to put that in their mouths and cat ! . ' And Simon Peter answered — ' What right have you to answer, Simon Peter? He does not 'address you?' There is the Pope ! at the foot of Christ Himself, speakyig for the twelve.- That is like a flash of electricity in the soul. 'You hear tho judge say :. Gentlemen of- the jury, do' you find tho prisoner at tho bar guilty or not guilty ? The, foreman answers.' Who gave him the rlglit to speak? The legislation of the country. 'Will you also go away 1' ' And Peter answered — ' What right have you, Peter ? By the appointment of Christ, my master, in whose person I ani speaking. The Pope — Peter, chief of all the Apostles — speaking the sentiments of the other eleven ! What does Peter Bay ? ' Lord, to whom shall we go f Thou hast the words of eternal life. We believe that thou art Christ the Son of the living God.' I say, what kind of an answer is that 2 — 'Lord, to whora shall we go?' I do not k:;7W any one on earth who can answer the question ';' I say, Peter, are you a Jew? lam. I do not know a man in the whole world who can tell the meaning of what you have uttered — neither Jew nor Gentile. We know nothing about it ; it is new ; we never heard it before ; but I tell you, we know you are Christ, and that you speak the words of eternal life ; we believe that by faith. And what doeB Christ say ? — ' Have I not chosen you twelve1!' Could He say more ? It is like a father receiving back his prodigal child, when he made his submission. He folds him to his bosom ex claiming, ' My son — my own child !' ' Have I not chosen you twelve?' my Disciples — my own Eisciples ! This is the longest of my arguments. I argue a case- fairly before you, as a barrister learned in the law' argues, his case; and like ah honest man I read my'text.. ?? But, says one to me, I want to ask you a question ; I desire to say to you that, as far as you have gone, the words are all in favour of the idea that His flesh was the bread. Is it His flesh, literally'in its form, that they were required to cat? Certainly not. His flesh is according to the word. He states it fairly, and the argumentation is so clear and the circumstances are so evident, and all the facts presented, direct or collateral, are so strong and so irrefutable. Tn all these cases He said bread ; and we must now go to the 2Gth ehapter of Matthew, and the 26th verse; we have it there in a few words : ' Whilst they were at supper Jesus took bread.' What did He say in John ? ' The bread I give is my flesh.' And now, ' Jesus took bread and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to his disciples, and said, ' take ye and eat ; this is — - » Bread? No, no ; but positively, ' This is my body.' He has come now, at the Last Supper, to make His will. When does a father make his will ? When he is going to leave his children. And what time does Christ make His will ? When He is going to leave His disciples — to die. What does He give them ? kingdoms and empires ? No ; His kingdom was not of this world. What then? A thing infinite, like Himself. He gave them His body and His- blood. ' For, except you eat the flesh of tiro Son of Man, and drink His blood, you shall not have life.' ' And taking the chalice, He gave thanks, and gave to them saying, ' Drink ye all of this. For this is my blood of the New Testament, which shall be shed for many unto the remission of sins.' He has fulfilled His word amidst tho solemn silence of ,the Apostles. Not a word. They know not an argument. The thing is settled. The silence of the Apostles is the most eloquent argumentation. ' This is my blood of the New Testament which shall be shed for many 'unto the remission of sins.' Is that to be taken in a spiritual sense ? How could, the blood of a spirit forgive sin 1 Am I too strong 1 Ami going out6ide the principles of philology ? Can it be that the blood of a spirit is shed? .that the blood of a memorial is shed — the blood of bread is shed, an3 the blood of wine is shed 1 I now come to St. Paul to the Corinthians, chap ter 11 verse 23. When St. Paul wrote that letter, he was 500 miles distant from that people. , lie says: ' I have received of the Lord that which also I have delivered unto you.' St. Paul was not converted until after Christ was crucified ; and Paul tells, us a most wonderful thing; I did not hear it from St. Peter, nor from of the apostles. He.told it to me Himself. He did indeed. People of Corinth, I assure you, Christ told me personally Himself what I am going to tell you now. , And what did he tell St. Paul? 'That the Lord Jesus, on the same night on which He was betrayed, took bread, and when He had given thanks He broke it, and said, Take yc and eat ; this is my body which shall be delivered for you; do this in commemoration of Me.' After he told what he did, He told mo to do it also. He did not say think of it, reflect upon it — but do it in action. '.In like manner, also, the chalice after he had supped, saying ' This ohalice is the New Testament in my blood.1 lie told me that — ' This do ye as often as you shall drink, for the .commemoration of me.' Corinthians, lie told me that. He told me more. Ho told mo now as I tell you—' wiioever'shall eat this bread and drink the chalice of the Lor'd^nworthily shall he guilty of the body and blood of theLord.' St. Paul was a scholar and knew tho meaning of words. He knew that 'to' be guilty of, a 'man's blood was to kill liim, and before he expired St. Paul wanted (to, tell them wonderful things, lie took bread and blessed and broke it, and He told me to do it. Aiid Paul 'says that whoever ate this bread or drank this wino unworthily shonli' be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. How can a man he guilty of the blood of a memorial ? How can a man be guilty of the, blood of bread ? Mark you, a most te'irible crime ! ' But let every man prove himself ?' What is that? Examine himself— examine his conscience. In the imperative mood. They must remember that if they are unworthy they were guilty of the blood of the Lord. Ho does not say, it is a good thing to eat. No. I command you, Corinthians, that you prove yourselves, and eat tho bread and drink the wine worthily. ' ' Except you eat the flesh of the Son of God and drink His blood you shall not have life in you.' I think, beyond all dispute, that the dootrine of the Catholic Church is clear, decided,' infallible, arid irrefutably' proven that the Eucharist is tlie body and blood — the soul and divinity of Jesus Christ. But do you mean to say that the bread is transub stantiated into the body of Christ? Yes. By what? By Ilia word. Ho made the world by His word. And out of what did He make it ? Nothing Transubstantiatiou ? Decidedly. Trunsubstantiation in nature is not such a thing as ought to surprise any one. Tliero is scarcely anything in the world that is not an evidence of transubstantiation. The straw that supports the ear of corn, submitted to tlie test of chemical science, is stone — a pillar of stone ; ( tlie corn itself is composed of phosphorus, potash, ] sulphur and charcoal, and other elements. All the i wood we see around us rose over a little budding i plant ; the silk on the imperial shoulders came from j the tree, and was transubstantiated through the silk- ] worm. It is as if the Father said, I have kept you 1 in the world making your whole life a succession of i proofs of transubstantiation, that you may be able to i comprehend the great transubstantiation. I kept I the world for four thousand years, and in order that it should not be taken by surprise, I kept the 'whole world in being by transubstantiation before your faces. It will be a kind of easy advance to any 1 mind to go from nature to grace by nice comparisons, ?- St. Paul said He took breail and broke it, arid com- ! manded me to do so ; and the line of authority is ] perfect from St. Paul down to mo. Your Archbishop, 1 God bless him and give him long life — -has given authority to priests — he has his command from ,i another bishop — and he from another, until you i finally go back to Christ Himself. He tells me to do it, and I do it. But you ask, ' By your own ' power?' Not at all. I have none. But the Holy Ghost has power, and His words are put into my mouth for official purposes, and I am commanded by my bishop to do that on the altar. I do it, and I believe, therefore, when I speak the words of con secration, that the bread is changed to His body and the wine to His blood. But my opponent says, there is one thing' which seems to undermine your whole case. How can you change the bread into the Divinity ? I never said such a thing. Did you not say tho Eucharist was the body anil blood, the soul and Divinity, of Christ X Yes. Then you do not change the blood into Divinity ? No. You wrote and spoke it ? It is not a fact. Then it is not there? It is. It is in it? No doubt. You do not change the bread ? No. What do you do ? I take the bread and wine and do this: 'This is my body.' He does not say, This is my Divinity. I change it into the humanity of Christ. But how is the Divinity there ? By the eternal alliance between God and His humanity. Wherever there is His humanity there is His divinity associated insepara bly with it. I change it to the humanity of Christ, as I am commanded, and the word hardly expires on my lip when the Divinity enters. The Divinity is there by the inseparable union which must exist between the humanity and Divinity of Jesus Christ. Again, my opponent says, when you have pronounced the words, I still see it to be bread. No, you do not. You should speak as a scholar, .understanding the value of words, and say you see the appearance of bread. Admitted. You see the appearance of bread. But how can I know what a thing is except by its appearance p I bring before you a mirror, and hold it before the bread, and what do you see there ? Is it bread ? No, sir. You see the shape of bread, the colour of broad, the form of bread, but no bread. You see all that is well explained by the laws of. optics. Well, then, I take the bread consecrated by tlie Holy Ghost. It has the appearance of bread, but no bread; the shape of bread, but no bread ; the colour of bread, but no bread ; not by the laws of Natural Philoso phy, but by the laws of the Master of Natural Phi losophy. ' Will you believe the glass, and not be lieve Him ? Again, we road that when the Apostles were as sembled together after tlie ascent of Christ, the Holy 31iost came and sat upon them in the shape of ongues of fire. What would you have thought of :hat, judging from your own eye ? Would you have said the tongues were tongues, and the fire was fire? The walls of the'room are walls, the chairs chairs, mid your eye is right because in these particulars it is uncontradicted ; but the tongues are not tongues, nor the fire fire, nor is your eye, which tells you so, right, for in this instance it is contradicted by a higher authority. In like manner, when John was baptizing in the Jordan, and our Saviour went down to him to be baptized, a voice from Heaven declared, 'This is;iny beloved Son,' and the Holy Ghost, in the form of a dove, descended upon Him. Would you not say, the. banks are banks, and the water is water, and my eye is right ; surely that dove must be a dove. Anil yot, see how wrong you would be. Thon comes another objection. When you lay the host on the altar, after you have consecrated it, is the flesh and blood and bones; of Christ in that host ? Certainly. The whole body of Christ? Yes, sir. Yon believe that 1 Certainly. That is the most glorious patt; because 'Unless you cat my .flesh and drink my blood, you shall not have life in you.' He says so? Certainly. Do you mean in his natural mode ? No sir. In his sacra mental mode, jou say? Yes, sir. What do you moiiii by that? I mean he is there, whole and entire,' but not in thn natural mode of existence. How is that ? ;Doos not natural philosophy explain ? If I take a piece of coal, I find by chemically treating it that it has different; form's of existence. I put it into a retort, and it becomes tart ; apply heat, and it is gas ; touch it with fire, and it is flame. Hero you have Una hard coal softened, this palpable material impalpable, the visible invisible, darkness light — four modes of existence. And can coal have four modes of existence, and yet you allow Christ only one ? What a fool you are ! He commands you to eat his body and drink his blood, but he will riot shock you. Ho condescends to our weakness, and gives himself to us in the form in which it is most pleasing to us to receive him, that which we love best, by which wo live — bread and wine. In all things else he shows us his majesty, power : this is, if I may so speak, the kindness of Christ, the proof of the ineffable love of God himself. ^Jut, says the objector, triumphantly, I have one more question to put, and with that I annihilate your, argument. Could not this Host that you con secrate be eaten by a dog? Certainly it could, (although we have no record thul such a thing ever took place,) and that fact I look upon as the strong est proof of all that I have said. Your .objection is one of the grandest arguments that could be imagined in favour of all thai I have advanced.- Ask the gr'eateit scholars, the most pro*, -nd anatomists, which is the more beautiful, the costliest vase the art of man could produce, or the Rtomach of u dog ? Their answer must be the latter; for what production sf the mere ingenuity of mau can compare with the perfect work of the hand of God. Is there sin in the stomach of a dog ? Certainly not ; sin comes only out of the heart of man. Now I will ask this ob'. jector in return : — When the crown of thorns was pressed upon the head of our Lord, did not His blood flow ? Certainly it did. And as His blood trickled down upon the ground, could not the dogs of Judea have licked it up? — mind, I do not say they did so, for we have no record of the fact — but could, they notdo so? Of course they could. And will youi''ori(ti)at apcount,'reject'Ciirist? We know that He was scourged in Pilate's house, and it has been rcveuled that the stripes He received'oxceeded five thousand. His flesh and blood must have been scattered by the lashes. Could not the dogs have licked it up; and will you (ieny-Him? His sacred hands an d feet were hailed to the wood of the Cross ; Hissiile was piorced with a lance; and every drop of His precious blood was shed upon the ground'; could not tlie dogs of Judea havelapped it? Again, I repeat, I do not say'theydid — but could they not? This profound, this inexpressible lui'miliatipn was tlie price paid for your salvation ; will' you, therefore! reject and deny Him ; or will you not rather adore Him saying with Pater, 'my Lord and my God.' Dr. Cahill spoke briefly of the effects of the sub lime Sacrifice and Sacrament of the Altar,!in the Catholic Church. Of the wonders it wrough^ in those that worthily received it, how tho obdurate were converted, tho cruel made compassionate, and the evil-doers renovated to a holy life. - These were miracles of grace evermore bearing witness, within the Church, to tlie truth and'thegraiideuroftho mystery. He then closed his. subject, and spoke. for a little of the orphans, for whom a collection was to be taken up. He would not seek to move his hearers by eloquence— ho pointed them to tlie In fant -Jesus in the manger, who stretched out the little hands of the orphans and asked of His people to besolaced through these little ones by their genei rosity. The discourse was about an hour and three quarters in length. _, 