LAHPLOLGH LETTEB LIST. For the *«k coding March 91, I MO. A—Alexander G, Allen J Ale*. Adams G H. Anderson Mis* E, Ail«i) W H, Atkinson Matthew, Aiken Alexander. Armstrong Bobert, A B C. Acres C, Acil»»d John, Andrews H W, Awwt William B-Bwfcan W, Brigs* Utftrt G and H. Baker H II, Bray W. Uuturfdd Isaac, Berridge Black A, Black John. Browu J. Brown Ales. Battle! t John, Bernard Charles, Bate" Levi, Bltmdell W, Bailie Thorna*. Barton John, Brows ilr«, Brsdkv K. Bfvillion John. Brodic G. C—Oooptr Thomas, Croft Chrifty J, Codtandt- F„ Colmlxa- Chrirtopher. Ooker Thwaat S, Clark J A, Crow C'hariw S, Carocron J C, Clanjut B W. CuItct W, Caw Mrs, Cooney Niclj. Ccrtvt't John. I>—Duncao Attiander. J>altoD Madam. Day IL I>eiiQey Mn W. Diion J now. DaaaWori l.'ldonii-, l)d|ir«tt KamucJ, JJakt Autbony. J) G, Hick- flOfi Joho. E—Etmna F /., Eram I) II, Wwarde Mrs, Qlis A, Qiic joho. F—Fertss 1>, Fcwtn.41 I' B, FhM Mn.Fi^go G—Gay wood Mr, Grant C, Goodmi-m G, Gamble W Gartner Jama B. H—iiarriaou Hour, Hunter J D, Hunter Thomas D, Iiiclu W H, lluggarl W, ikitz Mn H, Baaiam Henry, ItolgkineoD June*, Hart Mr, HiH B W T, liulky Dr, llore Tbwnaji M, iloagh HenryA,Hickey JaiiMs, lluglics Gent-lie, llansclidl Mr, llanlev K G, Hicki-y ilichael, Hutton Iiobert, Ilenntsicy John. Humer 1) I), Hardy George, Hat lam Un It. IU»«d J—Jackaon Hun, Jon« Griffith, JoIuumesE J W, JewcU Wo, Jewdl Madiuut K.—Kirkwood Wm, KunWc B. Kcliock Jas L.—Latton John, talmas R, I.tom D and \V. Lenbart CarL Ix'blood Alfrwl. Umljy Mrs, Ludbrook Goo, Lei«k Eobt, Lander* W H B M —Meyer A, Mililank G, Mattihaoo Mrs 1>. Mather RoU, MiHy iianid. Ucakin E B, Minpan J, Murchinton J, Mouat A, Meyer F. Middlmn Geo, MorrU Frank. Moniity TJtoe, Mire Ftant.is, Woual Dttid, Mauodc-r U Co McCate Edward, MrKar H«tor, McKay j"ha, McClcnwnt A W, McKai.try Jame*. N.—Ketem Mi« Mary, Niesel Geo, Nicholson J«, N'ettdinhara Mi« ,S, Nea! Mrs Ann O.—Odjjen John, Glney and L>avis, Onions B, (AmMa^m X'.—1'ettU Jam«, I'ritfliardThfjs, Palmer Osarlw, Pa* Cbaa, Pwodasaat Maria, Pew John, Ptlham Mr» M. Paul Wm, Prict Mr, 11iilij)§ W, 1'onton W Pack Jure W, Parry &r;«. Price Alfred fi—E^boM» Purkk, Beet Jod, Bobauoi Hobert, Kimerton Hidiard, liobctteon James, Bees •niomat, lifib W M, liimmer P. Ue Wm Antonia S—fiimi S, Simooe Eras, Swanwa Oat-id. Staffiad Thoouu, Huyhaima Itoben. Saurford John, Stan- T—Taylor G M. Thoq, Henry, Turner John Took W H, Train® Jam«, Thome Kichoiaa, Tretewsn John, Thomas Hlis, Turner M I.. Tcraii William. W—Walcb John, WarlgwJw W, Wttttie Mr, WilKa John, Wffla J T B, Wall Hit M, Webb Joeph, Wataoii W, Walker Eobt, Walka- AM Walpcfc H D, Wellock B T, WaUon W G, Wright Bri. (Letttn detuned far pottage.) Mr« Crab, Jinks G Thof, Qgg Jaa, Oukin F R Clark John, Holdworth. P. g. O'OOKSOB & Co., Portniaiteri. "Ok neighborhood of Colse waa. on December WHh, vUitcd by one of the moat deatructiv* gtorms ctw witaeawd. It spears to hare been a regular tornado, Uartng « curriiitiBar morioo, and progresiing at a rapid rale. Among other placet, at Blacktond Park, bdonging to Mr, M»r»ha!! Ii»ll, tiicdctnctioo of pn^erty wa« immenae. Part of the rooC of the lodge wa» blown away. Hundred! of tnx* at* lying on the ground, and it )• a remafkablc tact that ttaea eight feet and ten feet in drcujnference were anapped snwdo- like matchwood i while othem, eapecially the heavy topped firs,thirty feet in bngth, were blown clean oat of a plantation acrou the road, and into an adjoining field. THE NMTBBKM Pkomokiobt of AHEEIC*.— Among the intererting fecUof Captais M'Clmtock'e expedition, the nwraUrc of which U now In the faanda of thouaandi of readers, there it one tha anieatt worthy of capccial notice, namely, the determination of the portion of the northemmort point or lis oontioent of America. Hetjcclbrtli, antarctic Cape Horn will hare iu pendant, ao to epeak, in •n^fc Cape Mnrchiaoa—a name honored alike in esogimphioaJ and geological acience. On thi> subject Captain M'Clintock writes:—" Our labor, have determined die exact poiitlon ol the extreme northern promontory of the continent of Amcrica. I hare ^Bxed to it the name of Murchison, after the dlatingwliod president of the Royal Geographies! Society—the ttrcnuout adrocate for this ' Further beardi'—and the able champion of JUdy Fjiaklin when Ae needed all tbeaqpport whicJi prifate friend- •Mp and public ^)lrit «mM bestow .—Ailmmm. Air JmgnsvDgKT Babbkb.—Of course, In every village «$ne Individuals are to be foundmore original than die rest. Among the worthid of this dMcription living at Gulsley, the parish clerk and barber doaervea upocial mention, a* being a man who piques hloueif aoroewliat lilghW npon his literary attainment*, a apedmen «f which, illustrative of the writcr's character, and ofhU etnlnence in hii profisslcn. might hare been seen, not long ago, phaad up in hi* window. Bern is a copy:— "NaUm-Thtt I begin of «lmHng on Saturday, at S o'clock for one half-penny tlU 8 o'clock. After 8 o'dock 1 nenny till 9 o'clock. Alters o'clock I Hull ploeae myself whether I ahall shave or not. SattwJigr Sotm from IS to ! o'clock 1 half-penny. Bttom deued tip !| a piecc. Going out to iliave, ote peony, out of town 2d. Vov i ihkll be very ejM to (have aoyperaon that fed* It worth their pleaattre to oofne and jay like men, and cot get fhaved and swer oome no more when tli peony orlid Tttt it not wortii ono peony, let your beard grow." —Frater'a Maga- tat. : Haif —Wlien bachelow get nnuriod their r aMualntanco» tee diem no mow;. So fitras * rbo U^e In clumbers, they migfatlnaftBd aj)p«ar» In Uie hauola he' onoe fttqttentea, bit J»e oomca there like a ghost, aadfMUi dietntnit fhailow of the jolly chap he ,B»« wrtpfrtSiip Wifli neither t>d nor Wiey «r)j«i»tua» epttt^rt«x»%hli ri«lt.lnflL(!t,1)ci!rops niwe * tuc-gathMfir alia make* erayone tin comfortabte. Howfcp wa» on« the life becoroos the A Benodict with tmditim It H M btiWwatfcri tad tbe bisit thing to be ^ooe vitb Mn ii to throw a bait out and try to BMkeUtobooklt. 