WESLEYANISM. The following account of the Australasian "Wesleyan Methodist Conference of 1860 is abridged by permissiocL from the forthcoming number of the Wesley an Chronicle, a periodical published in. Melbourne, under the auspices of the Wesley an Church:— The Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Con ference is usually held in the month of January, and is consequently, in order of time, the first Methodist Conference of the year. Its sixth annual session began on Thursday, the 19th of January, in Wesley Church, Melbourne. A large number of ministers attended, represent-' I irig the several colonies of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, as well as the mission dis tricts of Polynesia. It was a sight of intense interest that this assembly presented. There were ministers who had laboured more than a quarter of a century in these lands, and who had lived 10 see the fruit of their ministry in the existence of an active and prosperous Church. There were men who had earned the distinction of good ministers of Jesus Christ in the islands of the sea, one of them returning from a missionaiy service of upwards of 30 years. Men were there who had in former years toiled for Christ in many distant parts of the earth, and who had proclaimed his name in various languages. Some had been labourers in the West Indies, and some in South America. There was one who had seen service in the beautiful island of Ceylon, and another amid the desolations of Newfoundland. Some in Western Africa, had not counted their lives dear unto them; and others, in different circuits in the United Kingdom, had acquired experience in the Christian ministry. Several were there in the prime and vigour of youthful manhood, who bad in these colonies devoted themselves to the Lord's work, and who were gladly recognised by their fathers and senior brethren as fellow-labourers. These were now assembled from the various districts of the Australasian Connection for consultation upon the affairs of the important section of the Church over which the Holy Ghost had made them overseers. The devotional engagements by which the proceedings of the Conference were commenced were conducted by the retiring President, the Bev. D. J. Draper. The announcement that the nomination of the Bev. John Eggleston to the office of President had been confirmed by the British Conference was received with cordial satisfaction, and every minister present partici pated in the fraternal feeling expressed by Mr. Draper when, on vacating the presidential chair, he handed to his successor the official seal and wished him a happy year. The new President having addressed the Conference, and asked the sympathy and prayers of its members, a well earned vote of thanks was accorded to the ex President for his acceptable services. A similar tribute was also presented to the ex-Secretary, the Bev. S. Babone. The Conference then pro ceeded to elect its Secretary for the present year, when by a majority of votes the Iter. D. J. Draper was chosen to fill that office. The Bev. Stephen Babone and the Bev. Thomas Buddie were appointed Assistant-Secretaries. The hour had now arrived for the public prayer-meeting, which was conducted by the President. The body of the spacious edifice was filled with devout people, among whom were several ministers and members of sister Churches. The power of God was there, and all felt that auspicious hour to be the token of a happy Conference. . The paternal reply, of the British Conference to the Australasian address of last year was heard with interest and joy. An address to the honoured fathers and brethren of the Parent body was subsequently adopted. Could one of the leading ministers of English Methodism be appointed to visit these colonies he would re ceive a universal welcome. Thirteen candidates having satisfactorily passed through the period of their probation were received into "Pull Connection." Owing to the great distance of many Districts from the seat of Conference, all the candidates could not attend: the five who were present, having been carefully examined, were set apart to the work of the ministry by the imposition of hands, and directions were given for the ordi nation of the other eight in their respective districts. The Ordination Service took place in Wesley Church, on Tuesday evening, the 24th of January, when the candidates witnessed a good confession before many witnesses. The charge (which was delivered by the ex-President) to the newly- ordained ministers was replete with wise and godly counsels; it was founded on 2 Timothy ii. 1. Seven young men were received on trial for the work of the ministry, and two others were placed on the President's List of Beserve for the mission work. The entire number of can didates, in different stages of their probation, is 47, besides 14 who are on trial as Native Assistant Missionaries .in the South Sea Islands. It is affecting to refer to the inroads of death, and to speak of those who have passed from among us. Walter La wry, a name well known in connection with our Polynesian Missions, and William Ingram, in the zenith of his day, are gone. Suitable records of the honoured and lamented dead are preserved on the Minutes of the Conference. The blessing of the' Divine Head of the Church has rested on TTi« heritage in- the past' year. In many parts of- the.connection, both in the colonies and the foreign field, the work of the Lord has been revived, and the Church has been edified and enlarged. The number of members returned this year is 32,180, which is an increase in the colonies of 1,335; and in the mission stations of 2,687; being a total in crease of 4,042. Besides this there are 6,897 persons on trial for membership, being in the colonies 1,758, and in the missions 5,139. These numbers are exclusive of other stated attendants on public worship, amounting to tens of thousands more. The various connectional funds were found to be in a satisfactory state. They are managed by mixed Committees of lay gentlemen and ministers. The missionary income, it is be lieved, will be in advance of the preceding-year, but a large balance has still to be paid by the Parent Society in London. Much attention was devoted, both in the Committee and in Conference, to the important subject of the formation of a fund for the support of super numerary ministers and ministers' widows. It bad previously occupied the attention of a special Coramitte appointed by the last Con ference, whoso report was transmitted for the' consideration of the District Meetings in No vember. The greatest care was taken that the fund should be settled on a safe basis. After lengthened and minnte examination of the principles of each role and regulation, the plan proposed by the special Committee was, with some modifications, ultimately adopted by the Conference. This plan requires the payment of annual subscriptions by the ministers, which are to be proporrionably supplemented by the congregations and circuits of the connection. The regulations of the fond will be found in the printed minutes. Two ministers obtained permission to return to England; one of them is the Rev. John Thomas, of the Friendly Islands, who, 36 years ago, began his missionary, career in the Island of Tonga, and who now returns with the aged partner of his life and labours to his native land. May the evening of their days be with out a cloud! A resolution of the Friendly Islands District Meeting, expressive of affec tion and respect for this venerable missionary, was cordially adopted by the Conference. In consideration of Mr. Thomas's intimate ac quaintance with the dialects of the Friendly Islands, and of the importance of a correct translation of the Holy Scriptures into the vernacular of that people, the Conference re commended to the Missionary Committee in London that Mr. Thomas should be associated with the Rev. T. West in preparing the edition of the Tonga Scriptures for the press. The Rev. Thomas Williams also leaves us for a season, being about to spend a year in a visit to his fatherland. His long and faithful ser vices in Fiji and in these colonies have en deared him to his brethren in the ministry and to multitudes of our people. ' This beloved brother is well known as a devoted missionary, as the worthy colleague in former years of Car gill and Hunt, and as the author of one of the most attractive and valuable contributions of modern times to the missionary literature of the Chnrch. The fraternal sentiments of the Conference were expressed in a resolution com mending him to the affectionate attentions' of the ministers of the British Connection, and earnestly hoping that in doe time he may re turn with renovated health to his adopted land. The early history of. Methodism in Aus tralia and Tasmania is full of interest, and is worthy of being preserved. Many facts and incidents may by prompt attention be collected, and placed on enduring record, which the lapse of a fewyears would' bury in oblivion. The importance of this subject impressed the Conference, and it requested the Rev. John A. Manton to prepare- such a record for publica tion. Several circumstances led to this selec tion. Mr. Manton is one of the oldest minis ters in the Australian work; he has been personally connected with it from its beginning hitherto, and is every way competent for the right execution of the task. We earnestly hope that this respected minister will comply with the unanimous' request of the Conference. Several important matters were brought before the attention of the Conference, on which decisive action is for the present post poned. One of. these was the preparation-of a " Manual of Methodist - Discipline" for the Australian Connection, but it was judged expe dient that this should not be undertaken until the result of a Committee appointed for a similar purpose by the British Conference should be known. The subject of Annual and General Conference was also considered. Some of the District Meetings had passed resolutions recommending that measures should be initiated towards the formation of an Annual Con ference in each principle colony, and of a Representative General Conference every three or four years. There is undoubtedly a feeling, deep and widely spread, in the minds of our ministers and people in favour of this plan; and the time will come when such an arrangement will be necessary and wise. After long and earnest deliberation, however, the Conference decided that that time had not yet arrived, and that the existing' arrangement for Annual Intercolonial Conference should not be dis turbed. This Conference was throughout one of peace and brotherly love; the ministrations of the Word in the public services were accompanied with Divine power; and deeply-interested con gregations crowded the various churches. The President's sermon to the Conference was preached in Wesley Church, on Wednesday evening, the 25th of January, and was founded on 2 Cor. ii. 14th and following verses. The responsibilities and triumphs of the Christian ministry were leading thoughts of this ad mirable discourse. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was celebrated at the close of this service, and all felt it good to be there. The occurrence of a Conference is always to the Methodist people of the neighbourhood where it is held an occasion of great interest; this is true in England, in Ireland, and in other parts of the Methodist world* and it is not less true in Australia. The Wesleyans of Mel bourne and its vicinity gave the Conference a kindly welcome, and the ministers whom they received will gratefully remember their Christian hospitalities. The Conference ten dered a vote of thanks to the friends in whose houses the ministers had been entertained. On Friday morning, February 3, the Con ference concluded. The termination of a Con ference is more solemn even than its beginning. Those who then part are not likely ever all to meet on earth again. It is an occasion of affecting farewells and of earnest prayer. The assembled ministers now commended one another to the grace of God, and separated for their appointed spheres of labour throughout the extensive regions of Australasia; but, though so widely separated by distance, they remain in spirit and object one, and no body of ministers on earth can be more truly described as a brotherhood in Christ. The Rev. S. Rabone was nominated as President of the next Conference, which is appointed to be held in Adelaide. Annexed is a copy of the " Stations" of the ministers of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church for 1860. Those for South Australia have already been - published in this paper:— I.—NEW SOOTH WALES DISTRICT. 1\. Sxdnbt Nobtk (York-street).—George Hurst, Theophilos Beizley, one to be sent. Foreign Missions.—Joha Eggleston, President of the Coaferecce, General Secretary. 2\. Svdnbv Sobth (Chippendale).—Joseph Oram. 3\. Ski>anx East (Surrey Hills).—Samnel Ironside, George Woolnough; William SchoSeld, Supernu merary. Wooloqmooloo.—Wm. Hessel, Book Steward for the New Sonth .Wales Die trier. 4\. Nbw Tow*.—Stephen Rabone, James A. Nolan. 5\. Pabrama/tta..—John A. Manton, Richard Amos. 6\. Windsor.—CharleB Creed; Peter Turner, Supernu merary. 7\. Bathubst.—Henry H. Gaud, Pranais Fawcett. 8\. Orange.—Thomas Angwin, 1st, who shall change with the Bathurst Ministers once in six weeks, 9\. Tcron.—John Bowes, Assistant Missionary. 10\. Bowenfellb.—Richard CaldwelL 1L Mcdgee.—William J. K. Piddingtou. 12\. Maitland.—John Watsford, Charles W. Bigg. 13\. Dungog and Clarence Town.—Robert W. Van derkiste. 14\. Newcastle.—Josiah G. Turner, who shall change on one Sunday in each month with the Miniatete of the Maltland Circuit. 15\. Singleton.—George Pickering, Assist. Missionary. 18\. Camden.—William Clarke. 17\. WOLLONGONG.—James Watkin. 18\. Kiama.—Walter J. Davis. 19\. Shoal haven.—James Somerville. 20\. Govcbobk.—Benjamin Chapman, George Martin. 21\. Bealdwood.—Hans Mack. 22\. Yass and Gunning.—William Kelynack, Thomas Skewes. 23\. Moruya—Richard W. Crton. 21\. Bbisbanb and Ipswich. — Samnel Wilkinson, William Cnruow; Nathaniel Turner, Supernu merary. Warwick.—William Wilson. 25\. Manning Rivbb.— James W. Dowson. 26\. Armidale.—William T. May»e. 27\. Grafton.—William Fidler. Abelonq.—One to be sent. Sconb.—One wanted. Pobt Macquaeib, &c.;—One wanted. Drayton.—One wanted. John Egglbbton, President of the Conference, Chairman of the District. II.—VICTORIA DISTBICT. 28\. Mblboukhb West (Donsdale-street).—James S. Waogb,James Hutchison, William-Hili, 1st. 29\. Melbourne East (Brunswick-street).—Wm. Lr Binbe, William P. Wells, Samuel Knight, ? 30\. llK-souem South (St. Kilda).—Daniel J. Dnper. Seeretary of Conference; Francis E. Stephenson. 31\. B righto if.—Edward King, William Cox Curiey. 32\. WILLIAMSTOWN.—Edwin I. Watkin. 33\. PEvraiass.—John Pemell. 31\. GeblonS.—Joseph Dare, Joseph Albiston, John t Bytheway; Francis Tuchfield, Supernumerary. 35\. Deysdale.—William L. Blamires, who shall chaBge once in fix weeks with the ministers of the Geelong'Cireuit. J. D. Dodgson. Supernumerary. 39\. WabbnaACbool.—Thomas James. 37\. Belfast.—Edward B. Barns, who shall change once in six weeks with the Warrnambonl minister. 38\. Portland.—George B. Biehards; William Light* body, Supernumerary. 39\. Kxhetoh.—Samuel Waterhouse. 40\. Cabtlbhahtb.—John Harcoort, John CattenU, one to be sent. 41\. Maldox.—William WoodaU, who shall change once in six weeks with the ministers in the Castle* maine Circuit. 42\. Cabisbbooe.—John C. Symons (Amherst), J. J, Edgoose. 43\. Ararat.—Charles Dnbourg. 44\. Ballabat.—John G. Millird, Thomas Baston. 45\. Cbb&wick.;—George Daniel, Charles Lane (Lake Learmouth), one ta be sent, who shall reside at Clunes. 49\. Sabdkubst.—JameB Bickford, Bichard Hart, one to be sent. 47\. Kilmobb aot> Seymour.—John Mewton, Andrew lug lis. 48\. Bebchwobtk.—James W. Crisp, one to be sent. 49\. Franklin Fobd.—One to be sent. 6j. Dunolly and Tabnagulla.—Bobert S. Bnun, who shall change once a quarter with the Ministers of the Sandhurst Cirt nit. 6L Ayoca.—William S. Worth, who shall change ones in six weeks with the Ministers of the Carisbrook Circuit. 52\. Smythesdalb.—Ebenezor Taylor, who shall change once in every six weeks with the Ministers of the Ballarat Circuit. Bushworth.—Oue wanted. Echuoa.—One wanted. Dabdenong Aim Westers Pobt.—One wanted. Hamilton.—One wanted. Daniel J. Dbapbb, Secretary of the Conference. unairman ot the District. N.B.—Thomas Williams has leave of absence for one year to visit England. III.—SOUTH AUSTRALIAN DISTRICT. 53\. Adelaide South (Pirie-streetJ.—William Batters, Spencer Williams, Peter fi. C. Ussher. 54\. Adrhtor North (Archer-street).—Jabez B. Water* bouse, William Brown. 55\. Gawleb.—Nathaniel Bennett, "66. Gumeracha.—One to be sent. 67\. Kapuhda.—Henry Burgess. 58\. Eoobotoa.—Thomas Lloyd. 69\. Muttaro.—Charles ColwelL 60\. Willunga.—Bobert C. Flockart. 61\. Clarendon—Matthew Wilson. 62\. Mount Barker and Nairne.—Henry Cheater. 63\. Yankalilla.—Henry Bath. OA Stbathalbxit.—Charles H. Goldsmith. 65\. Mount Gambier.—William M. Bennett. William; Butters, Chairman of the District. IV.—WESTERN AUSTRALIA DISTRICT. 66\. Perth,—Samuel Hartley. 67\. York.—Charles Clay. Samuel Habdey, Chairman of the District. v.—Tasmania district. 68\. Hobabi Town.—John Cope. William D. Lelean. 69\. New Norfolk.—One to be sent. 70\. Cambblltown.—John B. Smith. Hoeton Colleoe, Boss.—William A. Quiet, Pre* Bident of the College. 7L Launcebton.—Thomas B. Harris. 72\. Longford.—John Smithies. 73\. Wbbtbcby.—William Lowe. 74\. Dblobainb.—Thomas Angwin, 2nd. 76\. Mebsby.—Richard O. Coot. 76\. Franklin.—Robert S. Casely. 77\. Oatlands.—Joseph Fillinzham. Thomas B Harris, Chairman of the District. Z1 MISSIONS. L—AUCKLAND DISTRICT (NEW ZEALAND). 78\. Auckland.—Isaac Harding, one to be sent; John Hobbs, Supernumerary. Three Kings' Native Institution.—George Stannard. 79\. Manukau.—Thomas Buddie, John Crump: Hohepa Oteue, Native Assistant Missionary. 80\. Hohxanga.—Henry H. Lawry 81\. Kaitaba,—William Gittos; Hone Waiti, Native Assistant Miesionary. Waiboa.—One wanted. 82\. Watngaboa and Aotea.—James Wallis. 63\. Wait a.—Alerander Esid; Samuel Ngaropl, William Palene, Native Assistant Missionaries, 84\. Kawhxa.—Cort Henrv Sehnafeenhprir 85\. New Plymouth, English Depabtment.—Joseph K. Fleteher. Native Dhpabtsteitt.—John Whiteley. 86\. MioEaU.—fioae Eketone, Native Assist. Missionary. 87\. Mahgohui.—William Kirk. Thomas Boddle. Chairman of the District. II. WELLINGTON DISTRICT (NEW ZEALAND). 83\. Wellington.—John Warren, John Aldred, Robert L. Vickers. 89\. Nelson and Watmea.—Jonathan Innes, James Moorehouse. 90\. Waoiate and Wanganci.—William J, Waikin. 9L Cahxebbusy.—James Bailer, William Bowse. 92\. Chatham Islands.—Te Kole, Native Assistant Missionary. Ngxtisua.—One wanted Ahueiec.—One to be sent. N.B.—One of the Ministers appointed to the Wellington Circuit is required to visit the natives in the Wairau and Queen Charlotte Sound onoe in six months. Jambs Bullee, Chairman of the District. IIL FRIENDLY ISLANDS DISTRICT. 93\. Tongatadu. —Thomas Adams, Georee Lee, William Taylor sliaw, oue to be sent; Naphtali Fifiti, John Mohnlemu, Native Assistant Missionaries. 91\. Haabai.—John Vercoe, W. G. R. Stephinson; Peter Vi. John Faubola, Elias Langi, Native Assistant Missionaries. 95\. Vavau.—John Wfcewell. William Kill, 2nd; John Latu, David Eata, Native Assistant Missionaries. 98\. Samoa.—Martin Dyson, one to be sent, one re* quested; Barnabas Ahongaln, Native Assistant Missionary. 7\. Niua Foou.—Mark Baonga, Native Assistant Mis sionary. 98\. Niua Tobutaeu.—Native assistant missionary wanted-. Thomas Adams, Chairman of the District. N.B.—John Thomas has permission to return* to England. O' IV.—FIJI DISTRICT. r 93\. Lahemba.—William Fletcher, B.A., Frederick Langham. Olio Branch.—Nathan Thatake, Native Assistant Missionary. Vanua Baiavu Branch.—Joel Ketetha, Native As sistant Missionary. Muala Branch.—Matthias Yave, Native Assistant Mi-sionary. Eambara Branch.—Moses Mamafainoa, Native Assistant Missionary. 160\. Vanua Lbvu.—Joseph Waterhouse, Jesse Carey; Joel Bulu, Native Assistant Missionary (Tavioni). Bua Branch—Eliczer Takelo, Native Assistant Missionary. 101\. Bau Viwa, and Ovalau.—John S. Fordham, Levi Harrison, two wanted; Aaron Fotofili, Native Assistant Missionary. Gan Branch.—Cornelius Mnsnka. Koro Branch.—Isaac Rawaindrann, Native Assis tant Missionary. 102\. Rbwa.—William Moore; Benjamin Boindoli, Native Assistant Missionary. Native Teachers' Training Institution.—John Pol glase. 103\. Kandavu.—James S. H. Royee, Charles J, Baird. Tali Branch.—Paul Vea, Native Assistant Mis sionary. 104\. Bua.—Thomas Baker, William Whittiey. Joseph Wateehoubb, Chairman of the District. N.B.—W. Wilson has returned to England by permis sion. The preachers on trial appointed to separate stations are under the direction of the Chairmen of their respec tive districts. The ministers and preachers on trial are expected to be in their new circuits the first week to April. South Australian Geology.—By our last home papers we perceive that at the quarterly meeting- of the Royal Geological fc'ooiety, Somerset House, Loudon—the Hod. ihe Vice-President in the chair—Sir Charles Lyell read a paper on the geology ot a portion of South Australia, by the Rev. Julian E. Woods, of Penola, South Australia. The paper waa descriptive of an extensive tertiary formation, illustrated by a geologic al map of the locality, by the author, and accompanied by specimens of fossils sent home at the same time. It noticed several peculiarities in the strata, which proved of great interest, more especially as they bore immediate reierence to a theory with regard to the whole coDtiaent of Australia, which will serve much to elucidate its recent geological history. Professor Rupert Jones described some of the fossils, which he said were mostly characteristic of the Pliocene period, and showed a seB-bottim of about twelve fathoms. At the oonolu sion of the meeting, on the proposal of Sir C. Lyell, the Rev. J. E. Woods was ballotted for and eleeted to a fellowship; also. Sir W. Heneage and Captain Lionel were eleeted at the eame meeting. New Zealand.—We extract from a New Zealand paper the following notice of the death of Dir. J. T. Wicksteed. The deceased was the eldest brother ef our fellow-citizen, Mr. Frederio Wieketeed" The late Mr. Wicksteed.—Saturday's mail from Wanganul brings us intelligence of the death, ou the evening of Sunday, the lGih instant; of J. T. Wicksteed, Esq, of that place. To the old colonists of Wellington, Mr. Wicksteed was well known, being lor some time editor of the Nea Zealand Gazette, in which office the pro prietors of this jonrnal then worked. After the depar ture of Captain Liardet, the New Zealand Company's Agent at Taranaki, Mr. WickBteed was appointed to sue ceed him, from whence he finally settled in Wanganai, where he relieved the duties of his farm by those of editor to the Wanganui Chronicle. In that paper a friendly hand has within the last few days sketched Us many good qualities. Ever wisely to suggest, and ener getically to forward and uphold the best interests of his fellow-settlers and adopted country; known throughout New Zealand and in other lands for his talent; open, free, and upright in his bearing; a sound and finished scholar; an able and oonscientionB magistrate; riobly gifted with generous emotions and the kindliest feelings for all—such was Mr. Wicksteed." Port Lincoln.—A correspondent informs us that a meeting was held at Port Lincoln on Monday, February 22, for the purpose of forming a volunteer corps, fhe attendance was numerous, but the pro ceedings were by no means orderly. Mr. A. J. Murray, the Government Resident, considered himself entitled to preside by virtue of his office, but this was objected to. Some discussion arose as to the election of officers, but no vote was taken beyond one appointing Mr. Murray drummer to the corps. After that the jokes became practical, and the Government Resident before leaving the room was pelted with eggs. Alarm of Fire.—About XI o'clock oa Saturday morning1, the chimney-flue of a house in Pino street, in the occupancy of a widow named Cuowles, and belonging to Mr. \V. Eounpevell, was found to be ou fire. Mr. CarlGors, of the Black Eagle Hotel, having imme* diately given the alarm, the tocsin was sounded, and Barlow*e engine in a very sbort time was on the spot. Fortunately, however, its services were not required, aa in the meantime Mr. Boonsevell, with the aid of several others, had extinguished the Are by knockingdwn the flue and administering a little water, of whioh there waa a plrntiful supply at hand. Housebreaking.—On enquiry at the Police Station at a late hour on Monday evening we were in- formed that on Friday night, the 24th ult„ the house of Mr. Edward Young, Port Gawler, had been broken into. Among the clothing and other articles the bur glars managed to possess themselves of were a cheque on the Bank of South Australia for £75 and a bill for £20. 