THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN IN3TITUTE. The following are . the reporti connected with the South Australian Institute referred to in the body of our Summary : — i ? * - . THB ANJfUAIi MEETING. ! - - ' . The annnal general meeting of the members of the South Australian Institute was held on Friday evening, October 12, at t he new building. North-terrace. Thoro were present— llr. Ii. Glyde.ST.P., Chairman of tha Board ef Governors; the Very Bay. Daw Farrell, Mr. J. U. Clark, and Mr. W. W. E. Whitridge, G- vernors; and the Secretary, Mr. Kay. .There was a considerable a'tendauca of members, and Mr/L. Glyde, M.P., presided. Minntjs or the latt general meeting and alss or a recent special meeting were re-d, corrected, and confirmed. The Chairman then called upon the Secretary, who read the following Bzpost. ?'-'?? 'I. The anticipations expressed in the last report presented to the members of the South Australian In stitute rejecting tha completion and occupancy of the new Institute, although not altogether disappointed, have not been fulfilled to the extent which the Board of Governors expected ; and it Is matter of regret to .them that on this their fourth annlversiry the members of the Institute should still have to look to the future for those advantages on the fnll enjoyment of which the Board bad hoped by this time to have congratulated them. - ' ? ' 2. It will be renumbered that in tb.9 last repoit the Board expressed a hope that the new buildin? would be ready for occupation by the following April, i This kope, it is needless to say, hWueen disappointed ; but circum stances having made it absolutely necessary that the Institute should be removed from the rooms which it ti*A «n inner ntRunled. thQ Board were comnelled to enter upon tha occupation of the new building at the very earliest period at which it was possible to do so. As, however, the roams were altogether unfurnished, the library unprovided with shelves, and the arrange ments for lighting the building incomplete, and as it was evident that some considerable time rhu't o'apis before these deficiencies could be sup plied, -the Board oonsidered. that, they would best meet the difficulty by OttiDg up tho large room on the first floor of tho building as a temporary reading-room and library. It was with regret that they found them selves compel ed, when carrying out this arrangement, to withdraw the larger portion of the books fro n circu lation, Uavlng only 2,000 volumts of tbe more recent publications for the use of the subscribers and the public. They trusted, however, that due allowance wsuld be made for the awkward position in which they were placed, being, as they were, entirely dependent oa the Government for the completion of the various works referred to; and as tbe. Government were unable to da much for their assistance until the requisite means had been provided by the, Legislature, it can be no matter of surprise that the temporary arrangement previously adverted to should still be in existence. '3. Tbo Board have, however, much pleasure In Btatiner that great progress has been made towards the completion of these various matters of detail. The library ia nearly finished, being shelve! from flxir to. ceiling, and is exDtctcd to afford accommoltt'oa far about 19.C 00 volumes; in addition to which, room can be provided, when it Is needed, for about 8,000 more, by erecting pressssln the raiddlo of She room,in the manner customary id large libraries. The requisite furniture for the library and reading room has been procured, as also a part of that which will be 'necessary for the' other rooms. After some unavoidable delay, a contract has been accepted by the Government for the necessary out buildings; and the Board have made a special request that the retort-bouse, required for the gas apparatus, mny be proceeded with in the first Instance. So soon as this is completed, the election of the retorts, gasholder, &c;, will be commenced ; and the Board look forward to baing able very shortly to make preliminary arrange ments for the inaogual soiree, with which they propose to oneh the new Institute. ? ' 4. Another matter of interest and importance, closely connected with the subject-matter of the preceding ie marks. is that of ths new oilalogue.. In this case,, as well ai in others, the promises made in the1 last report have been performed, as far as it depended on the Board and their officers. ' Boise months have elapsed since the principal part of the work involved in the preparation of a new catalogue was completed, with some in-, considerable exceptions; this included the examina tion, classification, and labelling of every book in the library, and the preoaratisn of a rough catalogue. Nearly the whblo of this has been revised and arranged ready for printing, and the who'e could have been done had Ucre been any chance of the printing being pro ceeded with. 'Th&, Bowever,'has'been.p'revented by the pressure of pnblij business at the Government Printing Offlw. 'Tbe approaohing dose of the sessioa has lo a considerable extent removed this obstruction, and tbe Government Printer promises to make great d.spiteh with tbe remainder of the catalogue. Twenty-four pages, or nbaut one-seventh of the wholf, are in typ», and it is hoped that the catalogues will ba ready for pub lication In a vary few weeks. '6. HI» probable that trost of ihe -members of the Institute are acquainted with the facts connected with its financial position which were laid before the meeting of members- hell September 18. As. however, this report would ba incomplete without iqme notice of the matter's' in question, it will be necessary to give a brief summary of them. .In the December of last year the Board drew the attention of the Government ti the fact that provision .would hare to be made for the proper furnishing and Siting up of the new Institute. To this communication they received an answer requesting that » fintall^a tchednle of the fiuines. 4c required, and an estimate of their probable cost, snouid Da forwarded. This was done, the estimated ej?st_beinjt ? £1 4OO.V After some little time had elapsed, a letter waa received from the Government, stating that a sum should ? ' be placed on the Estimates for the completion and fur niihingof the iDsUtute. .The Board were also requested to send in a sub^ftimato of the amounts required as grants in aid cf the S~-uth AustraUan Institute and of the country Institutes for the current year, the grants last year havinqr bsen £1,000 for the South Australian Ics'itute and £SQO for the country Institutes. .Unques tionsWy it would have been: highly desirable nt the preantjuuetura to have been abla-to- expend a larger sura than usual cm the library aud museum, but in the present depressed state of tbe colonial finances it did not appear jadiciomtn ask more for the South Australian Institute than had been granted in previous years. For the country Institutes the Board asked for £1,000, as they had several objpe's in view, the carrying out or which would be highly bcneRsial'tx the country Insti tu'es, but for which of course they would require additional funds. Shortly after tho application last referred to, a change of Ministry took piece, audit be ? cams necessary ta urge upon the new Government the importance ofimmediae action being takeu with regard to some portion of tha furnituraand fittings required. This applicatisn was promptly responded to.ani no time was lost in coatractinir for t'*o shelving of the library, and in providing some of the neecswry furniture. When the Estimates wew laid before Parliament, how ever, the Boardfound, much to their regret ana disappoint ment, that the amounts proposed wero far below what theyhad asked fo-, and what they conceived to bo abso lutely necessarir. Although quite anan that tho various demands upon the Uoranrmnt would be greater tban could be met by the funds at their disposal, it did appear to the Bjardthat the case of the South Aus tialtan Institute was an exceptional one, and that the very largeness of tho amount expended upon the building only formed an .-dditional reason for such farther ex- . penditure as was absolutely necessary to nt that building for the purposes for which it was erected This necessity was the mere pressing, inasmuch as the Board, con ndenlly- relying on recsiviag the amounts for which they had applied, had cxpesded or engaged to expend a considerable sum lor various purposes connected directly or indirec'.ly with the completion and occupancy of the new building, a larw portion of which jum they Riliv calculated upon receiving back again fn*n the vote for fit iocs, 4c., or at the worst thf y expected to ba able to supply the amount from the annual prant. When, however, it appesred tbat the ens was £«O and the-other £500 leas than was anticipated, all thesa cal- culations w«o deranged, and It seemed very doubtful whether any further portion -of the building could be opened to the public daring the present year — a result which would havs been most seriously prejudicial to. the Institute. A mation for an increase of the amount proposed for the annual ^Tant was brought forward in the House erf Assembly by Mr. N. Blyth in the month of August, but »as rejected, on a division, by a small majority. This being tho case, and careful examination having shown that ' the probabb income of the Institute would ^e wholly insufficient to maintain the establishment, even on the scale on which it had previouslr been conducted, it was propoud at a meeting of tbe Board to close the Institute- at sunset, and to adopt such oiher measures of ecraomy as were practicable, with tho view of brining the eipjnditure within tbe limits of tha expected income. Before adopting co eitrems and objectionable in rnea sure, however, it appeared to tba Board that their best coarse would bo to call together the menhirs of tbe -Inttitute and acqu-int them with tho facts of the case, so as to elicit from them an espressien or opjmon as to tbe most Buitabls measures to bs adopted in the very d-fSoult position, in which they were placed. This nuetin? tOJS. pli;o oa Tuesday, September IS ; an* aiur mach discus I m it was eventually decided that a petition from the members of the Institute and the DaMSe centrally thould to presented e- the House or AtsaoSij, praying for as inewasB of the Tetefor fittings, Ai; to aa arxount saQclent for .the tnrpjse of completmR !, tiie famishing of th« bnlldinsr,' acd a*- of rtfanalnff' the Emm that had been eipisdfid.tothe aamo end by tha Board. It was also determined that a Committee should ba ai pointed from amongst tha subscribers to ths library for tha purpose of obtaTuFri?' addili nil tub criptions. Thanks to the zeal of tho gentlemen wha si readily cims forward to reader their aid at this'critical junetnre, thsia iaea3ures have tesn carried ont ener jjetisally, and, the Board are harjpy to edd, Bncceasfully. In tho coursa of fivo dir3 933 s'^aatarco trera obtained to tbe pstitioo, nni the Coaimittee report that they hive obtained 112 new subscriber.'. The petition was riressn'.ed totho House of Ass :mbly by Wr. Glyde, tho Chairman 'of tho Board ; after which ha moved that an additional cum of £103 should bo granted for tha purposes specifled, which was corriai without a division. Thus tbe most pressing difficulty will ba removed; but it mutt not be foreotten tbat the Board aro siill feriou*lr restricted In their plans for aidinjr tho Country Institutes, rohila tho incase of the central Institute is greatly diminished by the reduction of the annual grant : aad the Board would therefore urge upon the members of the Institute jrenerally that it is highly desirable that they should continue to do all in their power to increase tho number of subscribers, and tun?, as far as pos3ible. to supply the deScieacy. It is only nrcaasary, in. quitting thia sabjeat, to cipres the earnest hopo cf the Board that next; ear the Institute grant may be restored to its former amount, and that they may also succeed in obtaining a vote for Country Institutes snfGcielit to enable them to afford a larger maasnro of aid to those very valuable Societies than has hitherto been possible. ?? ... . ? ' '?: . ' 6. The Committee appointed at the meeting of September is, on cor eluding their labours, forwarded a report to tha Board, included in which is a statement of the various complaints and objections which have been made by parties to whom they have applied for subscrip tions and signatures. This documeat appears to tne ' Board to bo of sufficient importance to)» arrant its ? introduction in this place, togather withsnsu remarks as they have to make on the various subjects referred to. The Board do not understand the Committee as endors ing the statements in question, but simply 'as reparting what they have: heard, with tho idea that if such qom plaints are groundless it is desirable that they should be shown to ba so, and if not tbat their causes should be removed as far as possible. ? ' ' '?' ? '? '. '?. ' -i . ' The following is the report referred to :— ? ; ' ? ''To the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute. '. : ? ''Gentlemen— The Committee appointed by the sub scribers to the Institute at the public meeting held on the 18th ultimo have great pleasure 'in presenting you with a short report, designed to show what Buceeashas attended their efforts. '' They have endeavoured to the best of their ability to carry out the resolution adopted by tho meeting', and have the honour to report that by their united exertions one hundred. trad twelve (112) ? dditional names have been added to the subscribers' list. ' - u ' At the same time they consider it to be their duty . to lay be'oru you the reaspns assigned by those who have never joined the Institute, or; oi. those. who, having once joined, have withdrawn from or discontinued their sub scription;, which are'ai follow:— '??. '' First. That the constitution of tha Institute is ob jected to, tha subscribers not havinjr.a sufficient amount of influence in its management, and also that the working expenses are too great: ' ? ' ''Secondly. That books, 4c, are not procured in the colony. '..??:??? ' ? . . ' ' Thirdly. That books cannot be obtained by the sub scribers when required.* .-.._?- . . . '' Fourthly. That sufficient publicity has not been given so as to inform tha public tbat the Institute is open daily to' non-sabscribers. ' ' Fifthly. That tbe majority of the new subscribers have become members conditionally upon the continu ance of the soirees. ''Sixthly,' That many subscribers complain of not having been called upon for their subscriptions, and snggest that the appointment of a collector wonld be productive otmucu good. '' Seventhly. That several penons have expressed a wish to aid in the formation of a museum. ' , .''Eighthly. That. the rules regulating the admission to the soirees have not been strictly enongh enforced. ''The Coaimittee mi^ht add several others, but re frain, trusting that those who have been placed on re. cord by them will receive the most careful consideration at your bands, eo as to advance the interests' of the In stitution by every legitimate means, and that you will be pleased to lay the same befora tho subscribers at tbie next annual meetiag. ' * . ' ' Signed on behalf of the Ccnmil te-v '' Arthcb Jomr Bakbb, Chrirman. ''South Australian Institute, Oetoberl, I960.' ? ' ' The Board desire to' offer the following remarks en the foregoing, referring to tho complaints »eWa'tr» :— ? ' 1st. The constitution of the South Australian Insti tute is fixed by Act of Parliament, and cannot.bs altered exespt by the same means; but tbabtloss any practicable amendments tbat may be suggested would rxest with due consideration. As regards tho second put of thia complaint, the tioard consider that the subscribers have no reason to object to the amount or the working ex -pensea, as tbo fallowing statement will eh-w : — Amount expended on library, for books, newspapers, and periodical*1, alto for ' binding and repairing books, between October, 1856, and OoUbar, 1860 ... £1,838 18 2 Amount expanded on soirees in excess of receipts In same time ... ... ... 180 6 8 i £2,017 4 10 Amount received from subscribers in same tims ? .- ? £1.770 7 6 Leaving a balance of expenditure over re- ' celptsof ......... ... ... ... £318 17.4 ill other expenses being defrayed from other sources. The Board have carefully considered the possibility of reducing the working- eipics-sof the Ins Jtute, and are satisfied that it cannot be done without in some way diminishing the amount of comfjrt and oonvenieace afforded to the subscribers and tho public 'Snd. It is difficult to understand how any one oan have made this objection seriously. ' Through tae agency of tiie Society of Arts (London), with which the Institute has recently been brought into union, tho Board are able to procure books at a rate consi derably lonrcr than they cm be purchased at in tbe colony. A great additional advantage i» gained by having the boons strongly and oaeaplj bound, expressly for the Institute, in tho first instance, instead of being bought in common cloth coven, as ordinarily published, t- be immediately taken to pieces for the purpose or reblnding. Again, the arrangements which the Board have made for the forwarding by mal steamer or a monthly parcel con taining those publications which are most in demand in the- great circulating libraries at home enable them ti bring such works within reach or the subscribers at as early a period as they era bs obtained by any other means. Nevertheless, when an; book of considerable in terest has inadvertently been omitted from the monthly parcel; the Board have always besn willing to supply the omission by purchasing in the colony, '3rd. This is a complaint which is made against all circulating libraries, and Is unfortunately ono which from the very nature of 6ueh Institutions it is impossible to avoid. Tna Board endeavour to mitigate ths evil by procuring several copies of the more* popular works;, and they believe that when the catalogue is published it nill ba found, that tbo number of works of general interest ia the library is far greater than many sub scribers suppose.- ? ? * . ? ? J ''4th. The Bwrdbavj not overlooked this matter, but consider it unwise to late any especial steps to increase 'the attecdanc* at the reading-room until they have better accommodation. As soon as the new reading room is ready for occupation, the Board will adopt some means or drawing attention to the. advantages offered by the Institute to the public in general. '6th. The Board hazo in another part of this report accounted for the temporary .suspension or the ssirees, and intimated their intention of speedily recommencing them. . ' atb. The Board will keep this suggestion in view. M 7th. The Bosrl will gladly receive any assistance towards so desirable on objeot, and will increase the amount to be devoted to the foinution of a museum as soon as passible. . . . '8th. The Board are not aware that there is the slightest real grsuns-for this statement; many sub scribers are admitted to tho soirees who have not brought their tickets, because tht librarian is aware that their subscriptions are paid up, and ladies fre quently accompany one' subicriber while they really enter by virtus of another person's subscription. No doubt tho admission of any person without a ticket is somewhat irregular, but it li very doubtful whether the annoyance and dissatisfaction which would be ouuedby a rigid adherence to the rule would be counterbalanced by any consequent ailvan'age. . - 'Tho Board have thus fully, and they trust satis factorily, replied to the ejections which have been raised, and only desire to add that they are always anxious to consider, aad if possible to remedy, any de fects that may be pointed out to them in the working of the lustitu-e. ? ; .-.?':. : :. . : '7. In their last report the Board stated tha1; not knowing what demands might be made upon their funds in conisction with the removal to the now bulldin?, they considered that it woali be jaiicious 'to restrict their expenditure on bojks as much as possible fora time. This course has been adopted- during the past year, and the result his proved that it was a prudent one. As It appears reasonable, however, to anticipate that the income of the Institute will not again be so crip pled as to cam pel resort to such a mea.ure, the Board propose to order books at , regular intervals fer the luture, it is tnereiore nesirabie-t&at; tne snosciioers should resume the use of the B co-amendatlon-baok, tbe Board being anxious to c.nsult tho wishes of the sub- . icriben, as far as possible, in purchasing books. ' 8. With respect to the museum the Board regret that they cannot rf port much progress. They have procured from England a supply of articles' necessary for the pre paration of specimens, and tHey h»va intimated to the Carator (Mr. F. G. Waterhouse) that th«y wish him to commence operations as soon as ho can. The amount which can bo devoted ;o thia purpose at present is not large, and tbe Board fear tbat ths formation of a museum Hill not proceed very rapidly in the first Instance ; bnt they trust that when a commencement is once made, and some degree of public interest excited in the muter, that amount may be increased. They belUva that there are mau'y persons in Adelaide and the colony generally who have not subscribed hitherto, fni who might not . havJ thought it worth while to £o so for the sake cf the library, bnt who would gladly assist in the formation of a maseum. Should this hope prove to be well grounded they may at the end of another year have a more satis factory statement to make on this subject. . '9. Only thrcs soirees havebien give i during tbe fait year, a disappointment with respect to the lecture having obliged the Board to postpone that which thould, in tbe ordinary course of events, have taken place in tho be ginning of September. This being the case, it appeared advisable not to fix another date for the soiree until the uncertainty which attended the future arrangements of the Institute was in som: degree dispelled. Having, to a certain extent at least, accomplished this point, the Biard have determined tbat another srfreo shall be held as eoon as the x-eecs38ry arrangements can be made, and they trust thit it will be announced in the course ot a short time. Tbe Srst eoirei took placo in December, 186S-, when Mr. Glyde read some extracts from Thackeray's poetical work?, accompanied by remarks on his life and genius. The Board have again to express their acknow edgments to the numbers of the Deutsche Liedertafel for the noble musio with which they enriched this soiree, and trust that before long they will again give ' their valuable assUta co on a similar occasion. At the soiree in Maic\ I860, the Rev. C. E. Palmer delivered a lecture ou 'The Litest Ghost Theory;' and at that U May, Mr. Francis delivered one ou ' Comic and Carica ture Drawing,' with pictorial illustrations. These soirees were enlivened as usual by musical £ erfrrmancss. The Board regret that en one or two occasions some parts of the mnsical entertainments have not been so satisfactory as they could have wished. They will endeavour to arrange so that this Bhall not happen again, even though they should be compelled to increase the amount which they propose to expend on the soirees. ' 10. The only Societies whioh have as yet been Incor porated with the Institute are the Adelaide Philosophical Society and the S»uth Australian Society of Arts. Their operations have, however, been interfered with by the delay ia the completion of the building. The Board hope that when these two Societies have been eaabled to realize the fu 1 advantages of incorporation with the Institute, other Societies will come forward to fharo in those advantages, and at the same time ta strengthen tha Institute. It i3 expected that ths annu il exhibition of the Society of Arts will ba held ia tha Institute Building iu the course cf November next, and the Uoarcl trust that not- Ion? a'terwarda the Society will bo in a position to open their School of D^si^n. 'IU With respect to the delivery of lectures upon educational subjects and the establishment of classes for tho prosecution of various branches- of study, it ia suffitHeit to say that both objects- shaH receive the attention of the Board so satin as they find themselvia ia a position to carry them out effectively. It may not, however, be out of placa to-menUon that the Board tejard tha establishmeiit ct a- 6inglug.-class- or Glee and Madrigal Society, in connection with the In stitute as very desirable. u12-To»circul2tioaof bssefcof-baoks^amengjb tha Country Institutes, referred to in, the lest ret pit, has been ic tnU -operation darJn^thar yesr*. Tha: BouA be* ?Il9v»- that the adv-iuugej offend by thU lyttem aro nighty nrizM by tbe numbers of tbe variant Institutes; the only drawback has consisted in ths Tact th\t tha limited number of books at ths disposal of ths ? Board h*s presented thera from surjplying rll the Country In atitutes regularly. It is expected, however, that in tho coarse of the 'ensuing quirur ou a3dit!onnl numbir of boxes wJU ba put in circulation,1 which will do a good deal towards supplying the deficiency. About 200 volumes Intended for tula purpssa fcava been received from Enr;laria daring the I«t few r,ezks, and soms duplieat? copies of suitable boots can bs, spired from the Instituto library. The Boardnroenly swaro of one new Instifute having b^n farmed during the past reir-that nt Aiding. Branches of tho Gawler Insti tute hava'been established at Wilhston andLyndoch Valley. The total number of Country institutes with which the Board nre iu communication is 2o; Of these all but two or three havo received or ore desirous of re ceiTins- the loan of boxea of boots. Ths Board arc very desirous of making arrangements for tho delivery ot lec tures to the various Country Inssitutes upon a species ot. itinerating principle, being aware that good and attrac tive lectures are what Institutes generally find most necessary aad yet most difficult to obtain. With this object in view, they hava procured from Eigland some sets or diagra-EB, intended to illustrate popular lectures. It .would ba deairiblo also to obtain sosae apparatus adapted for tho illustration of tha leading facts in che mistry, electricity, magnetism, 4a, ic. The want of funda available for aueh purposes, however, has compelled , the Bsard to defir the execution of this design, for tha present ' ' ' ' '' '??''? 'I3..ThestatUlic3of1the South Australian Institute fer the year 1859-63 do ' not exhibit eo decided' on . im provement on those of, the previous year as could have been wished; they, have, however, been affeotsd to a considerable extent. by several 'disturbing causss extra neous to, the ordinary, working of the Institute, which are not likely to recur. These'- are the shutting up of a large portion of the library for nearly three months, the omission of the usual soiree in September— which has caused a considerable amount of subscriptions to remain in arrear which would otherwise have been paid np— and, finally, the generally depressed state of business. The total number of volumes circulated during the past year was 31,131. The number of volumes added to tie libriry during the last year was 831. which gives a total number at the present time of 8,187. These books wera received as follows :— Shipments per Orient, 92vo1b.; ditto pjt Pfccebe Dunbar, 83 ditto; ditto per -Indus, 259 ditto ; books -received in monthly parcels per ovsrlandtinail, 319 ditto; magazine*. &2~, bound, and books purchased .in the colony, 173 ditto. In ad dition to ths ? above, a . -complete set of the Sneclficstlons of . Patents granted in Eneland from tbe reign of James I. to the end of I960, presented by the Home Government to tbe South Aus traliau Government, has been deposited in the Institute library. This collection is very voluminous, extending to 7*8 volumes. ' It is accompanied by elaborate indices, and'formsavaluible bodyo'informit'onoa almost every subject to which-the Ingenuity of Englishmen has been directed for tbe last two centuries, ^heso books cannot he allowed to have the library, both on account of tbo way in which they came into tbe custodyrof the Insti tute and of the immense number or plans and drawings with whioh they are crowded, and w&ich; are very liable to irjury. Every facility, however, consistent with safo custody will be afforded to persons wishing to consult them. The number of sew quarterly subscribers re ceived during the year is 175. and of annual subscribers 62; making a total of 227. The actual number ef sub scribers at the enl of the Institute year, as far as could, be ascertained, was 615, of whom 212 are qualified to vote this evening. The total number of persons who have made written application daring the year to be allowed to frequent the raading-room is 403. It must be remarked, with' referencj to tbe above figures, that only a very small number or ,the new subscriptions obtained by the Canvassing Committee we.e received prior to tha SOth September. ' 14. Under the provisions or the Acts by wh!ch the Tnatitate is constituted, the Han. S. Davennort. M.L.C.. retired from tbe Board of Governors on tho 1st last., he' having been present at a smaller rumfcr of Board meetings than either of the other appointed Governors, and the vacancy has not yet been filled up. John Hsward Clark', lisq., who was elected at the last annual meeting by the subscribers to tho Library, as their representative at tho Board, retires this evening, but If eligible for re-election. B. H.-Babbago and iW. W. E. TVhitridgeiEsqre., were elected last year by the Philo sophical Society and Ike South Australian Society of Artr, respectively, as their representatives at the Board ; their term of offi.-e expires during the present month, and the S icietiea in question have been called upon to fill up the vacancies prior to tho end of tho month. ' 16. With reference to the statement or receipts and expenditure, attached to this report, the Board are de sirous of draning tbe especial attention of the sub scribers to one Item-that entitled ' Repairing Bx-fcs;' and it may be as well to afford some explanation of- the meaning of this term. Most of the books purchased in tho colony ara only covered with cloth ; and of course soon reqaire to be properly bound. Periodicals also, as they accumulate' into volume?, require binding. Tbe cost of this for the past year is charged usder the head ' Binding.* Th» books eo bound ou-ht, with proper care on the part of the readers, to last for a long time. Un forluaately, howevor, they too frequently do not receive tho careful treatment to which they aro entitled; the consequence of which is that during tha past year a heavy expense has been incurred in rebinding books, the necessity for which has been caused In many cases br shear carelessness, The cost of rebinding is beaded * Repairing.1 The total amount of this item (including some accounts not yet receive i) during the last year has been about £S5. The Biard trust tbat this branch of expenditure will in future years be more moderate in amount. For every three volumes rebound in the colony at least one new book could be added to the library. Three cases ia pirticular of wilful damage of a very dis graceful kind have come under the notice of the officers p of tbe Institute during the past year— ia one case, re marks of a very gross character were written on the r margin of a book] in the other two, several leaves were cut oui of books of considerable value. Unfortunately, in neither case was it possible to obtain any clue to the . offender. One of the volumes ta injured belonged to the ' new edition of tho ' Encyclopse lia Britannloa;' tke . objjet of ths thief apparently hiving baen to ob'ain ' the treatise on 'Bcoikeeping,' as that artio'e was completely removed. Pi oh copies of the -injure* ' sheets have been obtained frjm England, so that tho ' volume can be restored to its ong nal btate. Considering that it was absolutely neoessary to check such practi -es ' at onoe, the Board offered a reward of £\0 for tho dis covery of the offender, but they regret to say without ? any result, excepting, doubtless, that of diminishing the ' chance of a repetition of the offence. ' 16- The Item ' Binding' has been swelled this year, partly by tho fact that a considerable number of volumes ef magazine? and reviews, which had accumulated during the last two or three years, have baen r.ctntly bound ; and partly in. consequence' of the binding of a set of South- Australian newspapers.- This set extends from the foundation of the colonj^to the present time, with the exception of the years 1839 to 1811 iuoluslve; the other' joirs are tolerably perfect, tho last five or six quite so. As it is very desirable that an unbroken record of the public events of tie colony should be preserved hi a form and place suitable for reference, tho Board hopo that soraa one who may happen to possess a copy of any South Australian nawspaper for the years mentioned above will enable them t,o complete the set. A set of tha Eotning Mail, from ths year 1819 to the present time, has also bjen bound. .This paper, containing the more interesting portion of the times, affords a valuable record of sotial and political progress in tha mother-country, '17. The following is a statement sf the receipts and expenditure of the Institute lor the put year :— Dr.-Sept.20, 1959. To cash ip hand... ... ... ...... £13 2 1 Balance in Bink ? ...... 451 18 8 Sept. 30, i860. Her Majejty's Government— Grant for three quarters to June 3 J ? 750 0 0 * Annual subscriptions and fees ? 11315 6 *Q-as£erly subscriptions and fees ... ... 33J 17 6 ? Country circulation account (balance of vote in aid of country Institutes, re ceived from Treasury) ? .... 33 19 11 Fines and miscellaneous receipts ... ... 4 1111 Interest (Bint of South Australia) ... 5 17 10 Soirea account (proceeds of three soirees) 37 0 0 South Australian Library and Mechanics' Institute (old balance received from . Bank of South Australia) ... ... 5 4 6 ' - ' £1,7U 6 5 . * The soiree which should have taken place In Sep tember, having been unavoidably deferred, the subscrip tions have fallen somewhat into arrear. Cr.— Sept. 30, 1880. By Library account (paid for bxiks,&c.;) ,., £H 6 4 . Furniture and fittings account , ? 30) 8 8 Binding account (binding book*) ... ' ... 65 15 6 * Bepairing account (rebinding booki) ... 42 18 0 Soiree acoount— Expenses of three soirees 83 i 0 Country circulation account— Paid for boxes, 4o, ... ... ... ... ... 31 4 2 Apparatus account ? 17 0 f Smith, Elder, & Co., remitted to them for s purchase - of bsoks, apparatus,* books for country circulation, 4c ... ' ... 403 0.0 Salaries ... ... ... ... ... 4:7 14 8 1 Kent and Insurance ...' ... ... ... 173 . 6 0 Lighting aud firing ? ... 80 13 11 Cleaning ... '... - ... ... ... 10 8 -1 Advertisements and printing ... ... 10 10 8 Postage and stationery ... ... ... 16 9 0 Sundry incidental 'expenses, including cost , .. or removal to, new institute, temporary shelving in n»w Institute, ie. &c.; ... 49 0 8 Caihiahand ? 13 2 1 Balance in Bank of South Australia ... 114 13 8 £.751 0 6 * Accounts not yet received, and books still in the binder's bands will Increase this amount by £40 or £16. t This amount is all absorbed, and a further remit tance will have to be made shortly. . X This amount is largjr than usual on account of increased rent having been paid to avoid tho necessity of leaving the old Institute before the new one was ready. '18. The Board cannot conclude this report without warmly congratulating the subscribers and the com munity generally on the beauii'ul and commodious building which the Legislature has provided for them.; Tbat circumstances altogether unavoidable have in some degree marred the satisfaction with whica they would otherwise have entered upon its occupation Is to be regretted;. at the same time tho Board are satisfied that the Institute must ultimately profit by any events which tend to bring its claims more closely home to the people at large. ? . . ' However this may be, the Board trust that these difficulties an3 discouragements now belong to the past, and that tbe future will be distinguished by the full development and enjoyment of the virious social and Intellectual advantages which the Institute, in its new home, is capable of conferring. ' Liviifotox Gltds, Chairman. 'Bob?. Ka.y, Secretary. » , ' South Australian Institute, October 18, 1860.' After considerable discussion on rations points, the report was adopted. Tin subscribers to the library then proceeded to elect a gentleman to represent them at the Board of Governors during tbe coming year, and Mr. J. Howard Clark was re-elected, THE QTJiBTEBlx' SOIHEE. On Monday evening the quarterly soiree in connection with the South Australian Institute was held In White's Assembly Booms. At tho time for opening the doors, and a good while before they aere opened, something like 400 or 600 persons, includiug a great many ladies, were waiting with exempUry patience ia the o:rridor. At length, however, they were admitted, and shortly afterwards every available Beat was occupied. Still, however, tho company continued to arrive, till at length th^re was scarcely standing room to bs found in trie spacims hall The company consisted of a large num ber of the most Influential citizen* of Adelaide and their fimiiles. The Governors of the Institute occupied seats on the platform. , His Excellency the Governorin- Chlef arrived at a few minutes after 8 o'clock, and immediately afterwards took the chair. He congratulated the Institute on the very excellent attendance that eveniou, and remarkod that they had arrived at a critical moment in the history of the Institute. Tha large attendance, however, augured well for the Interest which the public took in that which was inteuded and was bo well calculated to promote their amusement and instruction. He had also to congratu late himself, for he obferred that thero was no indica tion that bo would ba expected to make a speech. The congratulation was tactual; and, as the Governors had provided an excellent musical entertainment, he would, without further remarks, allow the programme to bo proceeded with. (Applause.) . . The first part of tho musbal entertainment consisted of a diet on the cornet-a-pbtou and piano by Sir. B. W. Kohler and Mr. E. P. White ; Hoore'a beautiful Irish melody ' Love's joung dream,' and Glover's ' Captive Greek Girl,' by M'-ej Erjan ; find a eolo with variations on the French, flageolet; ell of which were executed with great taste and aJall, aad wero loudly applauded* Th9 solo by Mr. Kcblcr was encored. , Mr. W. W. B. WsnaiDGB was then latroaucea by His Excellency,. and delivered a lecture ou 'Words- worth.' AfUr-anoIogtaing for his want of time ia pre paring the lecture, suSsing from tha soiree being huiried on soms teo.QZitnolw days oa accouat of the early de parture of Mr. Kohler, the lecturer remarked w^'J*'* j wen grounds for apprehending that the exjutite * B* of Wordsworth ws* not appreciated in the cciooyv i* ' did not intend to explain the reasons of this, or tboee-; whitf* hid caused Wordiworth to ba neglected « ro!».. understood by his contemporaries. Ho preferred to let the poet speik for himself. Ho intended to ioad various' extracts from his Yinting?, only making aueh remarks of hb orm aa wera no=C33csr7 to connect those extracts.' Tho lertnrer then stated what ho conceived to be' soms of tho peculiarities of Wordawortu'a poetry,1 and ths onsia of tho exquisite chirm it cxeris over' sympathetic minds. Ha then referred to tha opinion : Ota critia in ' tbo British Q^lrla-T]/ Scvko rotpoctirjg! tho poetic geuto of Wosdaworlh and itt msdo Of working, and proceeded to read some extremely beautiful' extracts from tlio sennets and other poeras of the author whesi writings ho had uaiertaken to illustrate. Many1 or these extracts want to show that Wordsworth's' poetry, although Intensely ideal, abounds with human' interest. He maintained that Wordsworth was casen-' tially the poet of feciing and thought ratter than of act'.cn. His postry was inspired by communion with the spirit or nature through her external form, and, as such, was necessarily and ia tho highest decree phtloso-' phlo and religious. This part or his subject the lecturer' evidently abridged, in obedience probably to some intlraa Usn of uneasiness from the extreme corners or tho rooti^ ' and concluded rather abruptly by reading the poet's simply beautiful assertion of his lifelong sensitiveness to ths UaeblBgi of nature— ',,/??,:, ?''.''- u My heart leaps up when I behold \- Arainbowinthesky; . - So was it when mj life began; .. ' \- So is it no w I am a man ; :?.... ; So be it when I shall grow old; Or, let ms die I The Child is father of the Man ; . And I could wish, ray days to.ba ' Bound each to each by natural piety.' ; The lecture was listened to with marked attention throughout, though towards its close some impatieoeo was manifested b; those nearest the door, arising from the lecturer not being heard by the whole of the largA auditory. Tho delivery of Ihs lecture was followed by another musical entertainment, commencing with a. solo on tho cornet- o-plston by Mr. Kohler.' The ex quisite tones produced by the performer— no v» startling as the call 'to arms, to aim* ' and anon ring away to an almost .imperceptibly echo— acted with almost electric force' upon the audience. Ths performance was loudly encored. At a later period n the evening the »ama tilantod performer gave another illustration of his musical powers by his clever manipu lations on the concertina and the so-called bu h piano, which were also applauded to the echo. Miss Bryan added very much to the general delight of the audience by her sweet singing. We were especially pleased with her rendering of a very pretty song by Glover— 'The Captive Greek GirL' Though not encored it deserved to be, if that mode of testifying appreciation of a vocalist's powers be not objectionable. The Very Bev. tho Dbut proposed a vote or thanks to Mr. Whitridge -for his excellent lecture, and remarked that - those who were near enough to hoar the very eloquent langnago in which it was oouohed— and it was not an easy matter to 611 with the vuico so large a roorp —had been highly delighted with it. Mr. Whtmidob, in aoknonledgiog the compliment, remarked that he thought tho .thanki were due from himself to the company present foe the patience thiy had evinced under trying circumstances. He had mad,e an arrangement for a signal to be given In the event ot hU not being heard at tho djor. As none was given till he had been speaking for some time, he imaglnod that thosu at the farther end of the room wera as happy as himself— (laughter) — an,d of course, as soon as he saw tbe signal, be feared hjs voles was exhausted and ' cut it short.' It war only sfcrr the lecture was finished that he became fully aware of the extent of the mischief, or he would have exerted btmself more to have remedied it, . Mr. Whitridgo thrjn nronosed a vote of thanks to His Excaller.cy for presiding over the meeting, which was carried by acclamation. , His Exceli/ehct, in responding, assured the audience that 'he never was more happy tnaa when lie was sur rounded by South Australians and they were enjoyiog themselves In such -an inWltfotualrhairner as on that occation. (Applause.) With regard to tbo Inttituto he hoped the country would consider during, the recess hoT it could be made moat availo)»Io for the purposes fer which It was designed. ' He' had1 read the- rephrt of 1JiB' Governor?, and he agreed with them that the Institute wculd uot be complete till there were lecture-rooms opsned and classes formed for the instruction of the youth of the colony, eb well as a museum formed for the general' benefit or the community. Till these things were done, the thoosmdsof pounds which had bain expended upon the buildin; wero without fruit. Hi hud taken very great interest in the progress of tho Instituto; and he would very m.:cb regret it if, when his time came to leavatheso shores, it waa not made 'as useful as it onzbt to b) and might be mad?. It wortld rest with the people aa to whether this *os dono or not. He had on a former oecas!on been oblige! to deoltne accepting an offer to the Institu'o of a collection of geological soeolmens because ttur) was no plac« where they couli be deposited; and, now that the Iustituto building was completed, there wjs still a want or funds to eitabllsh a museum and to support' a custodian. He regretted this very much, particular 1/ as be had himself m»ny things he would like to present to the Institute, and he had heard of others who wished to do ths same. {Applause.) There was a groat waut in this oolany of a museum, like that in Melbourne; at which miners and the gold-diggers could examine' the various geologioil specimens for themselves, aud profit by it. He hofoJ the few words he had slid might induce the Governors or the,InstUute to take the matter. up in earnest, and thus bj productive or greatftrood to tha hole community. (Applause.) The national anthem waa then performer), snd 4ho roceediugs closed at about a quarter after 10 o'clock. 