ST. JOHN'S COLLEGE. I CEREMONY OF LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. I YESTERDAY, at eleven o'clock a.m., the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Roman Catholic College of St. John the Evangelist was performed according to the Latin ritual, or the Most Reverend Archbishop Polding, assisted by a very large body of his clergy, in the presence of a great concourse of people. The assemblage (which at least numbered from 1500 to 2000 persons included all the more prominent and influential members of the Catholic community, together with a considerable number who, Song. professing a different faith, nevertheless were desirous of testifying by their presence the warm interest they felt in the promotion of collegiate education in this colony. Amongst those present we noticed, in addition to his Excellency the Governor-General, the Vice Provost, the Hon. F. L. S. Merewether, M.L.C.; Mr Peter Faucett and other members of the Senate of the University ; the Warden and Fellows of St. Paul's College (including Mr. Cape and Sir Alfred Stephen, C J.) ; the Very Rev. the Rector of St. John's, and Messrs. Hart, M.L.A., J. V. Gorman, R. O'Connor, and other lay and clerical gentlemen connected with the same collegiate establishment, all wearing their appropriate costumes, academical or otherwise. The assembly also numbered several members of the local Legislature, including Mr. John Hay, Mr. Hyeronimus, and others. Heavy showers fell during the ceremony, and no doubt interfered with the attendance of the spectators, but did not damp the obvious interest manifested in the proceedings by all present. Some accommodation had been provided for such an emergency by the erection of a shed, and covered days or platform-the latter placed for the Archbishop and his assistants, at the eastern end of the grounds that the inconvenience which would otherwise have resulted from the pluvial visitation was, in some degree, obviated. The site of St. John's College is on the western side of the open land, formerly known as Grose Farm, and the structure, when completed, will occupy most picturesque and elevated position. This ground, as our readers are doubtless aware, has been specially set apart for collegiate purposes, the Government granting eighteen acres to each denunciation availing itself of the advantages of the case cited Colleges' Act. The buildings are to be carried out in Pyrmont stone like those of the University at the architecture will be of an earlier character than is adopted for that structure. They will come rise accommodation for eighty resident students, tell having a separate room, rector and vice-rector's partments, library, room for philosophical instru . cuts, apartments for five professors, two recreation joins, infirmary, a large hall, and spacious chapel, . asides four lecture rooms, and other arrangements. ) he principal entrance will be by the tower, which will stand on the side facing the Parramatta Road. his tower will be thirty- five feet square, and about two hundred feet high to the pinnacles. The lower ory of the tower will be vaulted with stone training. he plans were prepared at the commencement of the st year by Sv. A. Wardell, Fellow of the Royal Institute of Architects of London, and now chief architect of the Department of Public Works in Vic I iris. A clerk of works is appointed to reside on the west and exercise a constant supervision of the work. ?- shortly after eleven a.m. the proceedings commenced by the following procession which moved from the school-house at Camperdown in the following order : Cross, Young Men's Society. Christian Doctrine Society. Holy Catholic Guild. Students from Lyndhurst College. Fellows of St. John's College Acolyte : Processional Cross : Acolyte : Cross. The Clergy according to seniority. The Clergy of the Cathedral. Right Reverend Abbot Gregory. ArcbicpiBOopal Cross. Assistant Priest. Assistant Deacons. His Grace the Archbishop Train Bearers. Book and Candle Bearers. Arrived at the ground, the clergy and officials took up their respective positions as previously arranged. The Archbishop (who was robed in full pontifical) was accompanied by the Right Reverend Abbott H. G. Gregory, and other attendant priests and dignitaries, all habited in the richly embroidered copes, so, peculiar to the Roman Catholic Church. His GRACE THE ARCHBISHOP (speaking from the covered platform) then addressed the assembly. The ceremony to be performed was of such a nature that all who heard him speak must be more or less familiar with its end and object. Nevertheless, as amongst those kind friends of other denominations who had favoured them with their presence on that occasion, there might be many who sincerely believed that the Supreme Author of all good was pleased, in com- passion to fallen man, to make use of material means in order to convey grace to the soul, he would offer a few observations upon that subject. Such channels by which grace was communicated came under two distinct heads sacraments, and sacramental agencies. Under the category of the latter was the ceremony, now to take place, to be classed. Whilst, however, their friends might believe in the existence of sacra- ments and sacramental agencies, they might, perhaps, for one cause or another, be inclined to imagine that those which the Catholic Church had in daily use are inefficacious-many that they were unauthorised, and therefore superstitious. He should confine his observations to that spiritual benediction in which they were that day to engage namely, to the particular ceremony in which, with prayer and the ministration of the Divine Word, they were to lay the foundation stone of the Chapel and College of St. John the Evangelist. And if there were any there inclined to look with a certain degree of pity upon them as Catholics for attaching importance to such a ceremony, he would desire all such to bear in mind one fact which, duly considered, might, with the blessing of God, cause them to amend their judgment. He would wish them to know or to remember that the very ritual which would direct them in the performance of the duty now before them, was precisely the same as that which had guided the lips and hands of the venerable saints who laid the foundations of the cathedrals and minsters, and colleges of their dear native land-those glorious faces which all still remembered, and at which they had so often gazed with silent admiration and wonder. And who, indeed, was there amongst them that could look back unmoved to those youthful days when he had paced the aisles of those mighty edifices, contemplating the marvellous architectural beauties there everywhere displayed, and endeavouring to estimate the amount of the intellect that planned, and the artistic skill which raised, such exquisitely elaborate structures. Taking this into consideration, he felt that they ought to be filled with shame, so to speak, when they re- Rected that they had been deemed by the Director of all things individually not unworthy to be called to palk i in the footsteps of great and good men to whom he had referred, and here, in this Australian land, to accomplish those things which a pt. Thomas, a St. Edward, and a St. Hugh had so worthily performed of yore. In his own hands, as he there addressed them, was deposited a pastoral staff of whicH that wielded by the venerable Edward of York, Due thousand years ago, was the actual prototype. When they saw all this,- and witnessed the solemn procession passing along the site of the walls which were thus to be consecrated, when they listened to the solemn chaunts which would there be sung, a long vista wouldrisebefore them, and their hearts would insensibly meat under the influence of hallowed feel- I ings set in motion by these mental links in the great chain of the past. Thus through the goodness of Jesus, and the ministering of his Church, a telegram might, put were, be sent back through ages, conveying to them all, as he hoped, Sweetly though silently - the thoughts and words of those whom all they revered and loved as the »undergoCtheChristianChurchinEnglandandlreland. Fhcforceand good effects of such a connecting sympathetic chain were not to he estimated, and not to be surpassed ; not even by that line of communication [which some years hence they hoped to have) when, by the agency of an electric spark, tidings might &arrive;, with lightning speed, from that far-off land, to which they were all so strongly attached conveying the glad and welcome intelligence that those who were so loved were not dead, as presupposed ; but Kill, by the blessing of God, alive and well. Those holy men of olden time, whose examples were set before them, as became them, when engaged in functions correspondent to those they were now about to discharge, did always invoke a blessing upon he material work which they took in hand not only by themselves but for all in time to come, that all might be benefited by their labours. and who can tell whether the solemn and religious thoughts that have per shed the minds of men from age to age, in those acres structures-weaning them from the miserable sections of time, have not been God's answer to the eyes of those venerable men, thus freely and con Inuously giving that which they of all things most earnestly desired r .... He regretted that the uncertainty of the weather would not permit him to enter into a complete detail of the particulars of the ceremonial rite in which they were about, to engage, a and of which the merit of efficacy, was solely to be derived from its reference to the sufferings and death of Christ. The object of the benediction was to take something, as it were, from that great curse which has fallen upon the whole human race. All things created for the service of man whether animate and inanimate were, in the beginning, pronounced by their Creator to be very good. But man fell from his allegiance to his God, and sin entered into the world, death and misery by sin, and the Prince of Darkness then became the Prince of this world. All was thereupon changed and what had been made for the service and for the good of man became tainted and unfitted for its original use. Thus St. Paul assures us that everything in creation groaneth and travaileth until now and he elsewhere tells us that every creature is good when sanctified by the word of God and by prayer. To so sanctify that which God has made for man's use was precisely what they then proposed to do. Various passages in the Old Testament might be referred to where the practice of thus invoking the blessing of God is spoken of, and where we are in many places informed of the manner in which God himself, by special revelation, showed how things were to be reclaimed from their present state of corruption by means of solemn benediction. Suffice it now to say, that that part of Holy Scripture distinctly informs us that the Priest of God, by God's command, spread his hands over the victim about to be sacrificed, and 'Messed it. The corn and wine was also sacerdotal blessed by prayer and they were all aware with what solemnity was that temple reared which the Lord had dignified with his presence. Nor did this system of benediction cease at the close of the Mosaic dispensation. Far from it. Our Blessed Lord blessed the loaves and the fishes for the five thousand blessed the children that were brought to him-and, lifting up his eyes, blessed also the bread and wine which were to be afterwards transformed into the blessed body and blood of our Lord. In blessing tile creatures of God, j the Church had always accompanied her prayers by the use of the sign of the cross. Now, in the sign of j the cross, which was familiar to them all, these two ingredients were to be found ; all that God had made known to us, and that He had proposed for our belief. I When, therefore, they made the sign of the cross, they justified their belief that He, the very God, from all I eternity, who vouchsafed to become man, died on the cross to save us from our sins. When they made the sign of the cross, they declared their salvation, ( and the good they might hope to come to them through the merits of Jesus Christ, including all the graces they stood in need of. Seeing that the cross was the formula of the Christian's faith, hope, and charity for who could make the sign of the cross without being reminded of that love of God which caused him not to spare his only son, but gave him to save a fallen world. Might he not ask, is there anything superstitious in this anything not in perfect accordance with man's fall and man's redemption ? Did not the history of the redemption preach of Christ crucified and of the abundant blessings internal and external, flowing from those wounds made for our salvation? Having thus expressed the doctrine of the Church, and given some intimation of the meaning of those rites they were about to be engaged in, he hoped no one would mistake their meaning. Having thus breathed forth this prayer, that the Lord might vouchsafe to conduct them all to eternal life, let us now proceed to the performance of this solemn rite before 113. His Grace, vested over his crochet with amice, all, girdle, stole, white cope, and plain mitre, and holding the crosier in his left hand, standing, then blessed the salt and the water, having first exercised them so that from the place where they should be sprinkled] might fly away and depart every fantasy and wickedness, and deceit of diabolical fraud I and every unclean spirit." The salt was then put into the water in the form of a cross, his Grace saying at the time " Let there be made a mingling of salt and water equally. In the name of the Father, c &c.;" The I choir, which was composed chiefly of the monks and ecclesiastical students of Lyndhurst College, was led by the precentor the Rev. H. A Curtis, O.S.B., and the Rev. N. Quirk, second cantor (who wore richly embroidered comes to distinguish their office), then chanted an antignon and Psalm 83, the alternate verses being taken up by the Archbishop, the Right Rev. Abbot Gregory, the Very Rev. Dean Sumner, the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, and some others of the superior clergy. To their voices was added those of the acolytes, standard bearers, clergymen in sur- prices and the assistant priests. The Gregorian chants were used on this occasion, and the effect of all these voices now swelling, and now falling with the harmony of these grand melodies, was calculated to excite devotional feelings, and to lift ? the soul to Heaven, The chant being ended, the Archbishop, his mitre laid aside, offered up a prayer, ' then descended from the platform followed by his clergymen and train bearers, and having come to the foundation stone, which was on the ground-he blessed t it, the priests responding alternately. He then invoked Heaven to bless the stone for the foundation of the College in honour of St. John, and sprinkled it with holy water. The stone was then raised to a convenient height, and the Archbishop taking the silver trowel presented to him by the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, on behalf of the Fellows of the College, marked the sides, and top, and bottom of the stone with the sign of the cross, in the name of the Holy Trinity. The stone was then blessed, and the Archbishop having put on his mitre ascended the platform whilst the choristers chanted the Litany of the Saints. | At the conclusion, the Archbishop again laid aside his mitre, and, standing towards the foundation stone, 1 again prayed. He then descended from the platform, and taking his place by the stone, the choir chanted the 12th Psalm. His Excellency the Governor General at this time left the spot where he had been from the commencement, and also went down to the foundation stone, accompanied by his aide-de-camp, by Mr. Gorman, Mr. O'Connor, and other gentlemen. The Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, O.S.B., here read a translation of the document about to be placed in the bottle, in which were enclosed the coins of the realm, and a copy of the document in parchment. The bottle was then deposited in the cavity made for it, over which was placed a large copper plate, with the following inscription : Ad valorem De Glorian. Sub invocations 8. Joinnis Evangelists). Lapldem Prlmarium. College Roman Catholic, In Universals SidneieBsi. Benedlxit et Posait. films yet It-Bus. Joannes Beda, O SB., Arpus. Sldnelen : Die 8th Festl eundem Apos : et Evang: Anno separate Salutes M DCCCLX. Pio None, Port. Max : Victoria Brltanniarnm Regina. Girl: The: Denison, Esq: Aur: Col: Prof : Ad. Rev. D. V. M. O'Connell, 6.8 , Coll: Kedore. Rev: Mich. A. Corish Pet. Faucett litmus Hen. Gregory Gregory, Joan: V. Gorman Abbas Jas: Hart Ker. Hieron: Keating Jabez King Heydon Von. J. McEncroe, Archldl: And: Lenehan Rev. J. F. Sheridan Ran: Macdonnell Ad. Rev: J. J. Therry The: Cooper Makinson, B.A. Edw. Butler Ric: O'Connor Gul: Curtis, B.Y. Joan Hubert Plunkett, B.A., Gul: Davis Soclls. Gul: W. Wardell, architect. Eyre G. Ellis, secret: His Grace then touched and placed the stone in the foundation, saying, in Latin and English" in the faith of Jesus Christ, we set this first stone in this foundation. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy "Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God, and brotherly love and that this place may be devoted to prayer, and to the invocation and praise of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father, and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, God, world without end. Amen." The stone, being placed and set with lime was afterward sprinkled with holy water, whilst the 50th Psalm was chanted. When the chanting was finished, his Grace again ascended the platform, and after having offered up a player, a procession was formed for the purpose of going round the foundations which had been marked out, and of sprinkling them with holy water. The cortege, which was very imposing, was led by the master of the ceremonies, the Reverend Father Sheehy, who was followed by the acolytes bearing incense and censers to them succeeded acolytes with covered torches, the cantors, clergy in surplices, fellows, clerical and lay, of St. John's College, the two assistant priests to the Archbishop, the Archbishop himself and his train bearers. This ceremony lasted nearly half an hour, his Grace stopping three times to offer up prayers, whilst the choristers chanted the 80th and 121st Psalms. The procession returned from whence it started, and the Archbishop having laid aside his mitre, chanted the first verse of the hymn commencing, "Veni, Creator Spiritus." He then put on his mitre, and turned with his clergy towards the east, and chanted alternate verses with the choristers. A final prayer was then offered up and w"?r2?e Kee college terminated with the solemn benediction of the people by the Archbishop. A ¿"^^""»-General, attended by his staff, by Sir M?Kl%t\Xhl Hon- F- L- S- Merewether and used' as Registrar of the University then ÎSÎvS.011 äuSvC!a"°ria. «~<* courteously saluted the Archbishop. His Grace having acknowledged the salutation, then rose and spoke mffollowsT It becomes now my duty, dear friends, to congratulate you upon the actual com^eo«»,^ of the building, to which we have so long looked forward, some with unalloyed hope, some with impatience. I do not doubt a good account of the delay can be rendered by those to whom the management has been entrusted. However, this is not the moment for such enquiry, but for congratulations, and we may well trust ourselves to this uppermost feeling of thankful- ness and joyful anticipation. We have begun a work which is next to the building of a temple for the more immediate service of God-the most worthy of all that can be done by human skill and taste, aided by a generous expenditure. This is also for the service of God-this edifice, which we design to complete and crown the educational training of our youth, the hope of our country, before they go forth into the world, to play their part as good soldiers of our Lord Jesus Christ. If the might of intellectual gifts, and the wonderful grandeur of science, areas who can doubt they are next to Christian love and the other fruits of Divine grace the noblest of the treasures placed within man's keeping, then is this house of learning, as I have said, next in dignity and worth to the house of God. And we have this day inaugurated our work under the guidance of that idea well Dens frustra. Thus have we declared our belief, and thus has our act warranted our belief ; we have invoked the blessing of God, first of all because we know that except The build the house j all our planning and watching and exulting will be in vain. May He bring to a happy accomplishment what we may humbly trust is well begun, I do not know how many c ° those around me have seen the designs of the College of St John the Evangelist within the University of Sydney, but some I know have seen them, and they, I am confident, will join with me in assuring you that the structure will be a right noble one. It will not shame the magnificent , University whose lengthened and spreading shadows will reciprocate pulchra filia purchaser mater nor will it be a shabby neighbour to the handsome College of St. Paul. It is true, in point of time, we are but second in the field. The building will be a fitting type of the kind of education for which it is designed capacious, solid, simple, costly, and lasting, j Nor is this symbolic teaching needless. "We have had already, thanks be to God, success to some toler- able extent in primary education, and in that middle stage of training which arms for the labour of life those middle classes whose condition requires them as early as possible to plunge into its scenes of toil and gain. But for the higher education we have hitherto not had the suitable appliances, and, as a natural consequence, we have numbers who have a sufficient eagerness indeed and esteem for the education which promises immediate profit and influence ; but not yet a true idea and adequate appreciation of the highest education and its purpose. Well, then, our college buildings and our staff of professors will be-as they must be under such circumstances as ours-a provision, greater it may be in capacity than our present necessities, as some will construe those necessities ; but the greatness of the provision will speak eloquently of its object, and stir up a desire for those treasures of intellectual wealth and accomplishment of which they bespeak the worth and the arduousness. University education is in some sense like religious instruction and the means of public worship-the supply must be in advance of the demand. In this view, I say, the style of the noble building we propose to erect will suggest something of the character of that education we desiderate as yet. It will be, capacious beyond the arithmetically estimated needs of this present hour, as the education given within its walls will nurture mental faculties capable of wider ! application than would be needed for the service of any single pursuit or profession. It will be solid, as the education will be deep, accurate, and thorough. It will be simple, as the education will be, because established on perfect training in a few subjects so as ; to discipline the faculties of the mind. It will be costly-and so we do not disguise the fact the education will be costly-I do not refer to money cost-but costly in the devotion of the best talents and the manly energy of our, most promising youth, and on the part of parents in the self-denying patient expectation of a fruit rich but slow in ripening. It will be lasting, this College of ours and so will its education ; inasmuch as looking beyond present profit and present applause, it will form capacity for which any of the multifarious occupations ! of future life will be at once exercise and development. It will train men, as men, that is, in regard to the perfection of their noblest faculty of intellect and imagination, and not merely as accidental members of this or of that profession. Nor are we without subjects of great promise in this youthful community of ours. Quickness of perception, versatility of talent, oppor- f tunity for gratifying, and profitable display, -we have in abundance. And yet who must not regret to see so much that is excellent rendered comparatively value, less, when even it is not noxious by the want of accurate knowledge-the balanced powers, the discri- j mination, the cultivated taste, the modesty of assertion both of self and opinion-which ordinarily are ! attained only by University education and the University competition. It would be easy enough for any one, arguing in the spirit of an advocate, to cite against this truth cases of many self-educated men of genius is but as we all wish, I take it, to proceed on a common sense view of common life, let me recommend you to take reckoning of the main body of men who have I had widest beneficial influence in the highest pro- ' fessions throughout all countries of that old world from which our new one has been peopled, and you will recognise easily the solid advantages of university education. On this subject I will venture to quote to you the words of an eminent man, whose whole life has been spent in the study of it : "Our desideratum," he says, our desideratum is the force, the steadiness, the comprehensiveness and the flexibility of intellect, the command over our own powers, the instinctive just estimate of things as they pass before us, which sometimes indeed is a natural gift, but commonly is not gained without much effort and the exercise of years. This is real cultivation of mind. Certainly, a liberal education does manifest itself in a courtesy, propriety, and polish of word and action, which is beautiful in itself, and acceptable to others ; but it does much more. It brings I the mind into form for the mind is like the body. Boys outgrow their shape and their strength; their limbs have to be knit together and their con- situation needs tone. Mistaking animal spirits for nerve, land over-confident In their health, ignorant what they can bear, and how to manage themselves, they are immoderate and extravagant, and fall into sharp sicknesses. This is an emblem of their minds at first they have no principle laid down within them as a foundation for the intellect to build upon ; they have no die criminating convictions, and no grasp of consequences. In consequence they talk at random, if they talk much, and cannot help being flippant, or what is emphatically called, young." They are merely dazzled by phenomena, Instead of perceiving things. It were well if none remained boys all their lives; but what is more common than the sight of grown men talking on political or moral, or religious subjects, in that off-hand idle way which we signify by the word "unreal" 1 "That they simply do not know what they are talking about," is the spontaneous silent remark of any man of sense who hears them. Hence such persons have no diffWilty In contradicting themselves in successive sentences, without being conscious of it. Hence others, whose defective intellectual training is more latent, have their most unfortunate crotchets, as they are called, or hobbles, which deprive them of the influence which their estimable qualities would otherwise secure. Hence others can never look straight before them -never- see the point, and have no difficulties in the most difficult subjects. Others are hopelessly obstinate and prejudiced, and return the next moment to their old opinions after they have been driven from them, without even an attempt to explain why. Others are so intemperate and intractable that there is no greater calamity for a good cause than that they should got hold of it. These words of the very rev. the President of the Catholic University of Dublin find, I doubt not, their constant application everywhere, and certainly they suggest pictures of what we think we have seen and heard of. They place in relief those most precious and crowning benefits of university training, which are very commonly only seen and valued in contrast with their opposite defects and vices, just as a perfect symmetry is more quickly apprehended and valued by the occasional sight of deformity. I will not now detain you longer than will be necessary in few words to suggest the debt of gratitude, which, without reference to others, we Catholics owe to the legislators of the colony, and to the eminent personage who has this day honoured us by his presence. To the Legislature, we owe, as you are aware, this splendid site on which our College is to stand- handsome annuity in aid of our rector's stipend, and the sum-say twenty thousand pounds which are to meet the twenty thousand which our people, with their accustomed ready confidence in the recommendations of their Archbishop and clergy, so cheerfully and so rapidly collected. To his Excellency the Governor-General we owe what is not so easily I put into the form of arithmetic, but what is incalculably more valuable than anything so measured. We owe the happy influences of the presence of a gentleman, himself of high education, using all the advantages of his eminent position to forward every project educational or other which might seem to conduce to the social and moral elevation of the people under his Government. (Cheers.) That his purse is ever open for every work of charity and of improvement, that his many good deeds are worthily illustrated by the purity of his private life you all know. (Cheers.) More in his presence I will not, and need not say but one thing which is not so generally known, I think this a fitting occasion to announce-and it is this. You are aware that the Royal assent to St. John's College Bill was for some time withheld in consequence of circum- stances to which it is needless to advert. That is all happily over, Queen Victoria's sign manual has been affixed to the bill, and who can doubt it has been at the recommendation of his Excellency, who has thus followed in the glorious footsteps of Sir Richard Bourke and his other predecessors, by carrying out that principle of complete political purity as regards religious distinctions- at once the safety and boast of our people. Do I not say well that we owe much to Sir Thomas William Denison ? (Great cheering.) It is a name which those who love the College of St. John will ever cherish and when the day shall come may it be far distant, on which he shall make a retrospect of the deeds of his public life, I am sure, you are sure, that one of the not least happy remembrances will be that he has aided so materially in securing peace and con- treatment to the Catholics of New South Wales, one third, of the population, by what he has done to secure on this day the foundation of the College of St. John." The GOVERNOR-GENERAL, who was received with cheers, then rose and said, that although he did not belong to their community, he sympathised heartily with everything that tended to promote the religious instruction of the people at large. (Cheers.) He appeared that day before them in a double capacity, first as a Governor, willing to shew every encouragement and to give assistance to those doing a good work, and secondly, as a private Christian, who had come to see the Christian ceremony of laying the first stone of a building devoted, he might say, to education, and, in fact, to religious purposes. He looked, he must confess, with the greatest possible interest on the cere [ mony, because it combined with education, that advantage which he looked on as most essential reli- gion. It told them they were not going to occupy this building merely for learning science which they might apply to their temporal benefit. Had it been so, the chances were, they would not have found him there, or many others now present. But it combined religion with education, and taught them that the most important part to which they had to look was the future. That was the purpose for which they were going to erect this building, and it told those who might be their legislators and principal people, you mean to do everything not for them but for God's glory and for the good of their fellow creatures. (A.pplause For this object he hailed an institution of this kind. Circumstances, as they knew, had prevented the University from being a place where young men were taught religion, and therefore it was that they erected those colleges in which these young men who received a secular education at the University might be instructed in religion. Were it not for this he would rather see the University destroyed than see a lot of boys there whose intellects were developed but whose moral qualities were left neglected. (Applause.) In this place the character of education would constantly and gradually improve itself, till it approached the standard of the old world, which they have been accustomed to look up to. Everything he had intended to say had been better said by the Archbishop, and as he saw a black cloud threatening rain over- head, he would conclude with every good wish for them all, and for the institution in particular, and wish them good day. His Excellency then departed amid loud cheers. The Archbishop with his train immediately afterwards left the platform, and on passing through the people to his carriage, was loudly cheered. His Grace bowed a response to these indications of warm and generous feelings, and bestowed his benediction on the women who knelt beside him as he passed on. The crowd then slowly dispersed, and thus ended the ceremony which throughout excited amongst the Catholic spectators the deepest reverence, and which was not without effect upon those, who though not of that communion, were not insensible to the influence of solemn ceremonies which bear, the impress of centuries of time, and which are sanctified by prayer and praise. 