CORRESPONDENCE. PLEURO-PNEUMNIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE FARMERS’ JOURNAL. ROBERT M'DOXJGALL. Cona, 21st August, 1860. Sir, —Two communications relative to the above- named disease ha ve appeared of late in the Farmers' Journal; one from Mr. Stevenson, the other from Mr. Alex, Brock, The reason why I trouble you at all, is, that Mr. Brook says:—“ Any of vour readers who may be sceptical on the subject may easily satisfy themselves in . the same way that is, by mixing their sound beasts with those that are now said to be diseased, Now, .Sir, I apprehend this is a very rational way of satisfying all parties—the country at large, indeed. And as I am sceptical, I take Mr, Brock, and those who- act with him, upon their own suggestions, subject to the following conditions ’ ' , Mi*, Brbck will provide, in a suitable locality, enclosed pasture, equat or superior to that my beasts enjoy here. Thereinto heishall turn six of the diseased beasts, and X shall do so likewise with six of my proof beasts. The twelve shall graze, camp, and water together for any number of months, not exceeding seven, that Mr. Brock may choose. Daring the whole of this “free grass” period the beasts shall be in charge of a man of mine, and exclusively under my super intendence ; and the Farmer £ Journal will ap point and send a competent person one© a week to examine the state of the mixture, and to re port progress. Now, Sir, I think that is a fair proposal, and X trust Mr, Brock will not object to it, as he is well known to be a gentleman of largo means, , and now especially that he is happily become smitten with such a laudable zeal lor the public welfare. I hold, too, that this test, if earned put, would be much more satisfactory to the country , than the opinion of any professor, from Pick to Davie* However, the whole onus of the thing lies now upon Mr. Brock, and those who co-operate with him, I shall take nothing short of my conditions aforesaid, and shall not listen to quibbling. l shall not send my beasts to the farm wherc the cattle are now dying--- mine would soon die there, too; And I shall not take the heaats that ore dying to my farm j that would at : present affect the character of my beasts, from which I derive the support of my self and family, ' In courtesy to your readers, as I am not per sonally “ acquainted” with the disease, I pro bably ought to assign some reason for my not believing In its contagiousness, I shall briefly give two* In 1859 (dates are required), when I visited * some of the most famous cattle-breeding farms in England) the best authorities there I found to pronounce at 14 ■ an atmospheric influence,” and ridiculed the idea of contagion; and that after malting various experiments, such as vaccinating:, put ting the living beast into the stall of the dead one, and feeding out of itsunahger, &c;* I might here cite names of authorities (belter than any professor! in abundances butshaM content myself wiC.i one? and that because II am aware a letter from the same party is in l very respectable hands in the colony, that will! bear me out in what I now advance. The; party I will name is the well-known English farmer and cattle breeder, Mr* Biehard Stratton. That is one reason. My second reason is, that X find men in this olohy in 1860 (dates again) do not believe in its contagiousness. Tins assumption T s of easy proof. The men who are now trying to create offices for its extirpation, forsooth, are busy at the same time endeavoring up a “ Cattle Show” in Melbourne, a month or two hence. If they believe in the contagion, arc they justified in getting cattle collected from the neighboring districts to a show in Melbourne? If they do not believe in the contagion, are they justified in troubling Parliament for situations and salaries? And here again, I shall have no evasion. For if Mr. Beadle’s imported cow, in which the disease first developed' itselif;' Was five months away from England before she got ill? and; if Mr, Hooper’s cows were temmonflis im i affected after the destruction of Mr. Boadle’s cattle, where is the man who can say what cattle arc diseased or the reverse ? Finally, Mr. Brock gives a long list of countries (with an etcetera, which X presume means China,) fromwhich he can supply authorities of the highest order. But here, un fortunately, he commits the very same blunder that be so severely censures in Mri Stevenson— lie wholly and inexcusably omits dates. Now, Sir, I would undertake, if it wore neces sary, to supply you with authorities of the very highest order, from all those countries, and from as many more too, proving that ghosts and fairies are often seeiifand conversed with? yet Mr. Miehie and the present generation would still disbelieve. 