LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Friday, 31st August, 1800. ? The Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. LAW OF PROPERTY AMENDMENT HILL. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from tho Legislative Council, intimating that they had agreed to somo of the amendments in tlie Law of Property Amendm»nt Bill, and had disagreed to others, and requesting the concur rence of the Assembly to the same. On the motion of Mr. MARTLEY, the message was ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday .next. LiaUOR SALES LAW AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. MiCIIIE presented a petition from the in habitants of Kilmore in favor of the Bottle Bill. The petition, he said, was signed by tKc most rei pectaLle of tho constituents of the hon. member for Kilmore, including all the J.P.'s. (Laugh ter.) The petition was ordered to lie on the table. THE MAIL SERVICE.' J Mr. MOLLISON, in the absence of Mr. Grooves, would postpone tho question standing in that hon, gentleman's name relative to the mail service, but he wished himself to ask the hon. the Post master-General what would be the amount of the burden to this colony under tho existing arrange ments with the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company when the arrangements with tho Bister colonies,' to bear their proportionate sliaro, were completed. Mr. BAILEY said that the amount for which the colony of Victoria was liable was £62,250 ; but if the other colonies agreed to pay their fair proportion pro rata, the amount would be about £10,000. WATER RESERVE AT OAKLEIGH. Mr. L. L. SMITH asked the honorable the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey whether it is true that the reserve of water, situ- ate at Oakleigh, lot No. 32, is to be let ; and whether the honorable the Commissioner is aware that this is the only supply of water open to the inhabitants within three miles of the district ; and whether, under these circumstances, he would have any objection to withdraw it from public competition. Mr. BAILEY replied that there had been no intention to lease the water reserve at Oakleigh. The Government were quite aware of its impor- tance to the district, and it would still remain open to the public. There seemed to have been somc misunderstanding in consequence of some proceedings of the ranger. THE GEELONG AMI I1ALI.AATIAT RAILWAY. Mr. HOOD gave notice that, on Tuesday noxt, he would move that the whole of the correspon dence relative to tho vrtmsfer of the contract for the Geelong and Ballaarat Railway bin Messr3. Evans and Merrv to Messrs. Williams and Co., be laid, upon tho tabic of the House. THE LEXTON AND llW'K WDRTll ROADS. Dr. EVANS asked the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey — (1.) Why a pro- clamation dated the 10th day of March, 1860, de- claring certain land, from allotment 102 in tho parish of Lexton, to allotment G.'i ir. the parish of Ueckworth, to bo a common and public nighway or road, was revoked by a proclamation dated the 18th day of June, 18(10. (2.) What reptcscnta tions were made, and by whom made, to induce the Government to take that step. (.1.) Whether the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey has any objection to lay on the table tho correspon dence connected with tho transaction ? Mr. BAILEY replied that the proclamation was revoked by his Excellency the Governor upon the recommendation of tho Board of Land and Works, as it appeared that the application to have the road proclaimed was made, not in order to facili tate the traffic of the district, but in order to render legal tho occupation by a . sluicing | company of a race along the road ia question. The road was ono of the [ ordinary surveyed roads, and not likely to become a public one for a considerable period. Applica tion had been made in the beginning of the year to have the road proclaimed and the district sur veyor saw no objection. It was however, afterwards found that the road had been pro claimed merely in order to give tho sluicing party ft status in the Court of Mines, which they did not previously possess, ami from which they were . «xcluded in consequence of the road not being . proclaimed. The title of the present parties to' ' occupy the land in question, was not of the same character as that of the company who were pre viously in possession of the race running along the road, and his Excellency had consequently re voked the proclamation. , Dr. EVANS : Will the hon. gentleman lay the correspondence upon the table? | Mr. BAILEY said the correspondence was ex tremely voluminous, but an abstract should be , made out sufficient for the information of (the hon. ; ; would rather peruse the jwhole of . tho correspondence, than trust to any abstract the ' Government would- prepare. ? i ' After some further discussion, , it was agreed that the whole of the correspondence should be laid upon the table as soon as it could be) copied. Mr. PRENDERGAST wished to- know if when ihe land was sold, the road was not marked upon ? the plan as a public road ? Mr. BAILEY ; The hon. member lidd better give notice of his question. t BREACH OP PKIVILEOP. I1T 'THE AGB.' Mr. MARTLEY' rose and said : Sir, I am very unwilling to intrude any personal; matter upon the attention of this House,, but I ' ? conceive, . Sir, that I should not bo doing justice either to this House or tq myself if I did not bring under its notice a preach of privilege, committed by one of the morning journals, with reference to myself. I, Sir, should .'.be one of tho very last men to ; interfere in any manYier with the liberties or the privileges of the press, or to re strict its criticisms. I consider that the Criticisms of the press arc useful and beneficial, and calcu- , lated to correct the errors of public men | but-, at the same time, I do not conceive that it is right ' that any journal should bo allowed to mako mis statements, relative to the speeches oi hon. mem bers of this House. What, on a preceding even ing, I stated in this House, is in one of this morn ing's papers entirely and completely misrepre sented. The SPEAKER : The hon. member is not en titled to make nny remarks concerning, or in any ?way. to refer to newspaper paragraplis, unless ho brings a motion before the House. i Mi-. MARTLEY (continuing) : Of course, Sir, I Intend to conclude by making n motion upon the subject. The remarks of which I complain are as follows : — ' If the mob is rebellious, surely we might have hoped to find our law offices tilled by those capable of acting impartially, and with becoming prudence and dignity. In this view, it seems, we were mistaken. We have a Solicitor General who evidently frets to imbue his hands in blood. Ho appears intoxicated with tlie power with which ho is vested by his office. We con fess we cannot restrain our astonishment i that this gentleman should have the heartless bad taste to announce as his opinion, ' that the police would be justified in firing on the mob,' as he did iti the Assembly on Wednesday evening. It is true lie ?was supported in this monstrous doctririo by his predecessor in office, Mr. Ireland, who also coolly , jtold the Assembly that the police would he jus tified in doing so without the reading ofj the Riot . Act.' (Cries of— ' What. paper?' ! 'What paper?') In the Aoe of this morningJ (Hear, hear.) I do not, Sir, complain of duything that ?' that paper may have said, or'of any coutfse it may' have taken with, regard to niyself, but li do, Sir, complain ol its delinerate misstatement^. wnat : ! : was said by the hon. member for Castlemaine ' was— (' Maryborough !')— the hon. member for . Maryborough, and afterwards repeated by myself, ? was that poVicemen and soldiers did not cease to become civilians, and that if necessary tljiey might repel force 'by force. I spoke, Sir, warmly upon the subject, because I felt warmly at Witnessing puch. disgraceful scenes ; and in laying down the law I said that the police might repel force by ' ? forjo, but that they would 'not db so without orders, and that the giving of those orders rested ? with the Executive of the day. I also said that if such riots continued, and it was found necessary to give such orders, and death resulted,- that I Yhould regret such an occurrence to my dying day. - That being, Sir, what I really did state,' I ttsk if it- is right that such a misrepresentation as that contained in tho article in the ' paper to whioli .1 .have alluded (tho Aoe) should bo allowed. Having said this much, I shall conclude by making tho usual motion, without, however, having any intention of carrying it out. j I appeal to hon. members if it is right that such ? Misrepresentations should be made. I beg, Sir, to move that the articlo contained in this day's Aoe is * breach of tlie privileges of this House. ^ Tiie Clerk then road tho following extract from the article which appeared in tho Auk of yesterday , . ' But if we have occasion to lament tlie reck lessness of the 'blind leaders of the blind,' we h&ve; also still greater need to reprehend persons standing in positions which at least should gua rantee some.iudgment and circumspection. If the mob is rebellious, surely we might have hoped to find our law offices filled by tlioso capable of acting impartially, and with becoming prudence and dignity. In this view, it seems, . we were mistaken. We have a Solicitor-General . who evidently frets to imbue. his hands in blood. , He appears intoxicated with the power with which ho is vested by his otfico. We confess we cannot restrain our astonishment that this gentleman , ; should have the hoartloss bad tasto to announce ? . . ; as his opinion, ' that the polic'o would be justified in firing on the mob,' as he did in:the Assembly i on Wednesday evening. . It is. truo ho was sup ported in tins monstrouB doctrine by his prede cessor in office, Mr. Ireland, who also coolly told the Assembly that the police would be justified in doincf so without the readinc of the Riot Act. We don't dispute the law with tlicso sanguinary in terpreters of the statutes. It is possible they are right in tho letter, but we should hope for the honor of British justice that such a wanton abuse of the spirit ot tho laws would never receive tho sanction of a jury. At tho present day such an opinion coming from law officers of the Crown is something appalling. Whatever tho folly and madness of the multitude, nothing that lias been done in the form of excitement exhibits so re volting an indifference to the valuo of life as this statement of Mr. Martloy's, We trust, however, that the Government does not hold any such , views. It is not possible that Mr. Nicholson and his colleagues could for a moment endorso such a ?wanton statemont. The opinions of tho Solicitor Genera! may possibly suit the Emperor of tl.e Frcnch in a coup d'etCit in tho streets of Paris, but he would be .very much mistaken if ho attempted to apply them in this city.' Mr. NICHOLSON : I think, Sir, tho only ob jeot my hon. colleaguo could havo in bringing this matter forward is to give the statement a con tradiction. I thorefore consider that he had better at onco withdraw his motion and let us proceed to tho orders of tho day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. IRELAND : I perfectly agroe with the re mark of tlie hon. the Chief Secretory. It appears to me that the article must have been writton by one of tho dastardly mob, who i9 himself afraid of being dealt with by tho police in the exoreiss of their authority. Mr. MA.RTLHY : 1 entirely agree with my hon. colleague tho Chief Secretary. I only brought me matter torwiu-d to contradict tlie statement and to assart the. privileges of tho House. CROWN LAND* 9.11.13 lULL, — HBSUMPTIOV Of mni.viT.. The debate on the motion for the appointment , of a Committee to confer with the Committee of , tho Legislative Council on tlio amendments in the Crown Lands Sales Bill was resumed, ihe day for tho meeting of the Committee being altered in the resolution from TiuMdny until Wednesday next' since, in consequence of the debate not having I been concluded on the preceding evening, the Committee of the Legislativo Council will not be appointed until Tuesday. . Mr. MICHIE said that as the hon.i member who had moved the adjournment on the preceding evening was not present, he (Mr. Michiej, having seconded the adjournment, would take the opportunity of offering a few observations to the House, showing the reasons why he inten ded voting for tht proposition of the Government. He had not the slightest hesitation in stating that he meant to vote for tha appointment of the committee t« confer with' that of the other House. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members, he thought, would not be surprised to hear that, because it was perfectly in accordance with a statement he made a few nights back to' the effect that he should do' all that lay in his power to pass the Land Bill through both branches ol tlie Legislature during thepresentsession. (Hear, hear.) He was well aware that it had been stated by hon. members Who had preceded him that no good could come of a con ference. That certainly wa3 possible; but whe ther it wos possible or not, , or whether it was probable or not, reasons could not be wanting in the minds of hon. gentlemen to show that such a course was most desirable. (Hear, hear.) The proposition for a conference emanated irom the other House, who wereholdingout the olive-branch to them, and therefore they would not : only be wanting in courtesy to the Legislative Cpuneil to refuss to respond to their invitation, Jjut they would be acting contrary to ' the ' general opinion whiph obtained out of dotirs ; and ho trusted that the proposition would, bc supportr-A by all sane men, by the largelmajority who voted for the first passing of tho bill. (Cheers.) If that course were adopted, ho yet hoped that Hirjh concessions would be made by tlie Council 03 would eventually lend to the pass ing of tho measure, and to . its becoming law. Thero was another reason why they should agree to the conference, and that was, because the Chief Secretary had said, on the preceding evening, that hon. members would not be bound by cither tils one statement or the other. They would neither bo bound by that made in the Assembly by the hon. the President of Lands and Survey, nor by the retractation subsequently made in the' Council. Therefore it was clear that no difficulty could arise by voting for the resolution then before the House, as to the course which tlioy should ultimately take. Ho was willing to let bygones, be bygones as regarded the statements both of the hon. the President of Lands and Survey, and that made in the, other House, and he thought it well to regard them as though they had never been made — ('hear' and 'no, no') — altliougli- with regard to the Orders in Council, ho should feel perfectly at liberty to take any future course that might bo deemed expedient and legal, and he believed it was no secret to hon. members by whom lie was surrounded that he considered it would be'pcrfric'tly legal to have recourse to them. (Hear, hear.) At the same^time he recognised the propriety of the course adopted . by. the hon.. the Chief Secretary on the preceding evening in stating that he '* would not repeat; the throat which , had previously been, made. He. was - glad. to soe that Ithat hon. gentleman had the common . sense and discretion, althought it was no more than he should expect from him, notto listen to the insidious suggestion of tlie hon. momber for Belfast that ho should re peat that threat. (Hear, -hear.). He could easily imagine the undignified petulance with which the other branch of the Legislature would receive such an intimation, and their endeavoring to resort to that peculiar and favorite remedy of making the Assembly eat humble pie. ('Hear, V and fnughter.) He considered it far preferable that they should meet in confeicnco with the Upper House, per fectly clear of all statements as: to what their future and ultimata course would be. (Hear, hear.) ,; But in , case the: Legisla tive Council should persist in rejecting the measure, ho was none the less clear as to what his own -ultimate conduct would be. (Cheers.) He was well aware that some hon. members ex pected that because ho had, expressed his inten tion of supporting another administration in case they' came into office, that therefore he should oppose the present one. , He, however, could sec no reason why ho should pursue such a course. (Hear, hear.) It was quite true itliat tho hon. momber for East Bourko Boroughs name to him to ask his advice as to what course he should pursue in tlie formation of an administration, and he (Mr. Michie) was quite willing to own to the soft impeachment of having given him certain advice, and nlthough he might not bo at liberty to stato . all that that hon. member said to him,, ho was at liberty to state all that lie said to :that hon. member. And ne dut stato tnat tie saw notmng unconstitu tional in that hon. member's applying for assist ance to the hon. member for yilliers and Ileytes bury. The hon. member was in this position— he had a certain policy which he was desirous of carrying out, and ho (Mr. Michie) could see no inconsistency in his applying to one member nnd another and asking them to assist him in doing so. (I-Iear, hear.) He knew there were some hon. members who would object to such' a course, and who Tcfused to assist in a policy carried out in that manner, and there were some who would re fuse oven to praise God if the Devil bade them do it. (Laughter.) No matter how good or desirable a thing might be, they would have nothing .to do with it, and however reasonable a course might be, they would not follow it or carry it out, if some others came to assist. (' Hear, henr,' and cheers.) For his part he was no such bigot, aud had no such prejudices ; but he looked principally to tho means of passing tho measure during tho present session, and he preferred fighting with bro ken weapons to fighting with his bare arms. (Hear, hear.) Therof»re, when the hon. membtr for' the Bourke Boroughs came to him, ho (Mr. Michie) said that as his motto was 'principles, not men,' he. would assist and support that measure by whomsoever it was brought forward. (' No, no,' irom Mr. Moluson.) lie said yes, although lio was met with a negative from the hon. member. Tho hon. the President of Lands and Survey seemed to bo still undecided as to the ultimate courso ho should pursue when the recommendation of the commit teo came before the House. He admitted the propriety of tho hon. members reserving that point, and he intended to do tho same. With regard to the Orders in Council, ho was ns well awiu-o as most hon. members of what could bo done under them in caso the bill did not pass, and ho thought that perhaps lie was able to state that with more freedom than some other hon. gentlemen, he being an independent and non-official momber of that House. He thought thero must have been some confusion upon that point amongst tho members of the Cabinet, or tho hon. the Chief Secre tary would never have fallen into that sad and ridiculous mistake of stating in reply to tho hon. member for Yilliers nnd Heytes bury that lie would not take1 action upon 1 them without submitting a series of resolutions to that House. (Hear, hear.) lie maintained that that was a fatal mistake and it was that which had led to all the subsequent misapprehensions and complications which had tnken place. The proper 1 courso for the Chief Secretary to have taken had he been entirely cognisant ot nnd acquainted with ? the legal effect of the Orders in Council, seeing I that thev had been withdrawn from the Legisla ture nnd belonged to the administrative depart ment, and the administration being alone respon sible for any action taken under them, would have been to have said ' I shall act on the Orders in Council as I deem fit. If I net in an unconsti tutional manner, this House has its remedy iu its own hands, but this House has no business to entrap or draw from me a statement which may lead to most serious complications,' as no doubt the statement made by the hon. member at tho. head of tho Government did. (Cheers.) For, when an hon. member in tho other branch of the Legislature roso in his seat and asked tho hon. gentleman representing the Government, whethor the Ministry intended acting oh a series of reso lutions to be submitted to tho Assembly and not to the Council, tho reply was, ' No, thev'did not.' (Hoar, hear.) Thus putting forward thU ridieu .: ? ? ' ? !:, it. Ions proposition, that although the Legislative Council ivould not pass the Land Bill, they w»uld be asked to assent to put ting into force a string of resolutions based up m the Orders in Council, which should in offjet carry out the very principles contained in that bill. (Itear, hear.) Thero was no doubt tint lion, member.* had' most confusedly mixed up the present question with the subjcct of con fidence Qr want of confidence in the Ministry, in stead of confining themselves to the 1 distinct mitter before them. As regarded that matter he did not care whether, to use the language of tho hon. member for Castlemaine, tho hon. the late President of Lands and Survey was a Judas or a Jonah, for he believed both characters had been assigned him ; he (Mr. Michie) had arrived at that state of mind that he did not know what to make of him (laughter), for whilst the original Judas went and hanged himself, the hon. number had not only hung himself, but had also; cut himself down. - (A laugh.) And when they thought he was out, if not out twice, they still found him in, like the man in the pantomime, clapping his hands and ex claiming, 'here we are again,' or like apuiy bill wiih the customary notice, ' This entertainment to be repeated until further notice.' (Great laughter.) Well, the hon. the President of Lands and Survey — and he was glad he was the ' late,' because, at any rate, that was one apparent obstacle got rid of, for the hon. member was so particularly careful in his explanations that it wa9 impossible to say what was the exact nature of his recent relations to the bill, but he seemed very much like the last character alluded, to (Jonah), l and that after being corried about the floor of the House for many days-lie had at last keen cast out — was, hg contended, bsund, whether in office or out of ollice, to put his shoulder to the wheel, -and to do his best to pass the measure through Ijoth branches of the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) Large reference had been made to the Orders in Coui'c.il, and a great deal had been said ns to what was the existing state of the law upon that sub ject, with regard to the particular question then, before them, and the hon. ? member for Kilmore had argued at somo length . upon the technicalities of the question. But if ho (Mr. Michie) was clear upon any one legal question, if there was any one subject which could be taken and argued at sight before tho courts of judicature in tho colony, it was that. And it was his unalterable conviction that it was the, right both oi the Legis lature and the puclic to have resort to those Orders in Council, and to extract from them all the virtue possible, in cose.they had no Land Bill (hear, hear, and cheers), and he thought he would be easily, able to make that clear, both from the Orders in Council themselves, and from tho des patches which accompanied them. They had scarcely had before them the whole of tho Orders in Council, together with the despatches which accompanied them, but they had seen a great deal written about them, which appeared to bo believed because it was in print. ' I love a ballad a' print o' my life, (says Mopsa, in the Winter's Tale), because then we know it is true.' He had seen in print, as well as out of print, and heard both in that House and out of the House, that it was unconstitutional to resort to the Orders in Council. Nothing was s-'fer than to resort to vague terms. Perhaps it might bo ridiculous, though constitutional, . to say that the gentlemen of the press had no right to be there reporting, and that strangers should be excluded from the gallery, and it might be regarded extremely unconstitutional if they were ordered out, still it, would be legal. It was only about four centuries ago that a House of Commons was highly unconstitutional. They could only petition, and they had not even co ordinate power. (Hear, hear.) In that matter— the Orders in Council, and the resort to them, if necessary — he was prepared to do all that was legal, and no more. ('Advisedly?' from Mr. Brodie.) Most advisedly, if the hon. gentle man wanted a categorical - answer.' (Cheers.) He believed that hon. gentleman was exceedingly great - ? on . constitutional ques tions. '(' Hear,' and laughter.) The ques tion with liim' was, was- it legal; nnd. if legal it seemed curious to him howitcould benn constitutional. ; But if that course be legal and constitutional, no doubt some hon. member will say, — why was it not resorted to before the ele venth or almost the twelfth hour : (Cheers from Mr. Brodie.) The hon. member cheered, but he (Mr Michie) did not know that ho was bound to ansAver that question. But even if so,;he did not think he should find it very difficult. . (Hear, hear.) He did not think it would bs any very great effort to . say why .that , Order had been suffered to remain, in abeyance, like a weapon hung against a wall. No doubt that hon. mem ber who cheered could explain it; no doubt he was one of those luminaries who might pair off with tho late hon. President of Land and Survey ; no doubt he was one of those erudite individuals who Juiew why everything had been done, and why everything had been omitted — (laughter) — but if he had read up that' question he would have found that it was not so very difficult to see why they were in the position in which they were then placed, and why that Order in Council, had never been resorted to. (Hear, hear.) If he looked back he would find that there was a power which did as they pleased either one way or another with those Orders iu Council. If he referred to tho earlier periods of the history of the colony, he would find that there did then exist a Pastoral Association, which was not only of considerable power, but \yliich he might say possessed paramount power — (hear, hear) — and not only in the colony, but also at home, because they — tho pastoral tenants of tho Crown — wore then oppressed. They had their Alias newspaper, and it was felt but right that they should have some fixity of tenure; and many persons nt first went with them find supported them, who afterwards found that they had managed to obtain privileges which it was never intended they should possess. (Cheers.) Those privileges having been obtained something else had to be done ; the leases had to be issued, nnd the discussion on that subject in the Parliament of New South Wales was carried on with considerable acrimony and vehemence, and very naturally so; for when those who first supported the squatters found that through the activity of the Boyds and others at Downing street, they hail managed to secure the enormous powers conferred by the Orders in Council of 181 7, they, led on by Robert Lowe, raised every preliminary objection to prevent those orders being carried out and the leases issued. The runs had to be surveyed, and tlioy said to the pastoral tenants, ' Get your runs surveyed, ' you h»ve no right to ask me to survey tliem for you.' That however was too expensive for them, and bo the subject rolled on from year to year until tho period of the gold discoveries. Up to that period the members of tho Pastoral Association had not saen the good of getting their runs surveyed and taking out their leases, when, with land nt £1 per aero, they could I scsuic nil 1.111; mivmii.tixi.-3 IVUUUUl KO'Ug that expense. But then came the gold dis coveries and other disturbing causes, and then the pastoral tonants were desirous of taking out their leases, and it was at that time that the hon. the Chief Secretary and the lion, member for Kilmore, together with his (Mr. Michie's) hon. colleague, did all that lay in their power to prevent those Orders in Council being acted upon, but tlioy were in force from 18-17 to 1354 when the Constitution Act was passed, and by that very Act it was provided that they should still remain in force until repealed by an Act of the Legislature. Therefore they wore to all intents aud purposes in force at the present time. (Cheers.) And the only question was, how far could they be acted upon withont interfering with vested rights. (Hear, hear.) For he distinctly said he would never interfere with nnv equitable right, but in the same breath ho said. vHey should have the letter of their bond, but not ono iota more. (Cheers.) And although these Orders in Council had remained so long' in abeyance, out of a desire, perhaps, to get out of the trammels of home legislation and to frame a local Act, still that had in no way interfered with their vitality : they were aa much law now as when they weru first promulgated. (Cheers.) But he did not wish to have to resort to these Orders in Council. Thero were manv objections to that course being adopted — (hear, hear)-— and thorefore was he most anxious to see the Land Bill pass ; and he could not but think that if the two committees met thov must succeed in passing the bill into law during tho present BCssion (cheers) ; and without con sidering how beneficial the passing of that mea sure would bo to the general interests of the country, it behoved them to pass the bill, if only to definitely settle a question which stood in tho way of all practical legislation. '(Hear, hear.) Therefore, as he told the hon. member for the East Bourke Boroughs when he first waited upon him, any Administration that was formed must I b# mot with that question— (how, hear),— and ' 1 supposing they did not take it up they would not be ? many days in office without being met with a notice of motion upon the subjcct, upon which most assuredly thev would go out. (' Hear,' and cheers.) And what then would be the consequences? There would be a delay of six or seven weeks whilst their successors appealed to the country, then n further delay for their policy, a new bill perhaps brought in at the commencement of the. next session, and the settlement of the question postponed .for six or twelvemonths, aud possibly for three or four years. (Hear, hear.) He knew there were some sanguine individuals who talked of passing a Land Bill in one or two months, but lie thought they must be exceedingly enthusiastic, especially with* the example of the present session before them. ('Hear,' and laughter.) No doubt such a delay would be a most dosirable consummation to the pastoral interest ; and as aloadingpastornlmembercoollysaidtohim, ' Why could'ut Mr. Ebden or Mr. O'Slranassy . go in and quietly drop this bill, ami bring in some other at a future time r (' Oh,' and groat laughter.) A pretty question truly to ask a man just ns he was stepping into a railway train. lie (Mr. Michie) replied that as his days were not quite so long as those of the men before the flood, and that as he could not afford to spend ten months out of every year in his life attending to that question, he respectfully declined the propo sition. (Cheers and laughter.) And if no one else had met any Ministry that did not immedi ately bring forward that question with a vote of want of confidence, he himself would have done so ; aud if he had not, there were many, very many, other hon. members that would. (' Hear, hear,' and cheers.) Then, as they were already seised of- a measure, and as it was not lost, although a few days since ho was afraid that, it was, and seeing also1 that the olive branch had been extended to them by the other House, he thought it was their bounden duty, to consent to tlie motion then before them. (Hear, hear.) , II.e felt, .some, amuse ment in 'nenring an hon. member, who hoped to have been a Minister, say that tho members of , the present Administration; had eat , 'humble pie.' He did not believe that such I considerations would be allowed to affect the deliberations ,of either House. (Hear, hear.). But if it wouhl not prove very deleterious to his constitution, and if it would materially assist the passing of the Land Bill, ho was prepared to contribute towards the consumption of any quantity of that article, whatever it might be. (Great laughter and cheers.) By consenting to the appointment of a com u ittee they would transfer a large portion of the responsibility from their own shoulders to the other House, but if they refused, their consti tuents out of doors would say to them, that merely through a ridiculous feeling of pique they had thrown out the Land Bill, when, for aught they knew, it might have become law within one week (hear hear, hear hear) ; instead of which, upon some imagined dishonesty in the present Ministry of which they had no sufficient evidence, and of which he did not believa one word, they had rejected the only proposition by which I they could hope to secure the passing of the measure, had thus indefinitely postponed the settlement of the question, and plunged the country into perplexity and confusion. (Hear, hoar, and cheers.) lie would not be prepared to face his constituents after taking such a course, therefore he was not prepared to oppose the re solution before the House, but on tho contrary, he should most cordially support the motion of tho hon., the Chief Secretary. (Cheers.) Mr. BRODIE was not to be put down by tho vehemence or grimace of another and older member of tho Legislature on a subject affecting the history of the country, although lie might not have taken so prominent a part in that history as the hon member. That hon. member (Mr. Michie) had entirely omitted reference to his (Mr. Brodie's) argument, that if tho Orders in Council were law for any purpose tlioy were law for all the purposes for which they were primarily in tended, and for all the purposes that the words of them could convey ; and accordingly they would give, if put in force, a pre-emptive right to the present occupants, of runs over the whole of their runs. ('Hear,' and 'No,') At considerable length, he su.ported this view. . : v, Mr. GATTY JONES had promised his consti tuents that, as far as lay in his power, he wouhl endeavor to carry a land bill this session, anil up to the time that Ministers brought forward their coercive threat to the Upper House, he had'uni formly supported them for that, purpose. . Then, judging from lii.s own feelings what -the indigna tion of the Upper House must be,, he felt that this bill was sacrificed. He thought that now, in order to be consistent, the votes of hon. members should bo given almost precisely ns thoy had been given on. tlie third reading of the bill. (Hear, hear.) In his (Mr Jones') conduct he had up to that time laid aside all feelings but. this one of passing a land bill, as he had promised to his constituents, and he would not now swerve from his promise. Mr. LYALL said a few words in support of the resolution. ' Mr. HOWARD intended to vote with the ' Corner' on this occasion, and after his previous course of opposition, felt that, in ? changing his practice in relation to that section of the House; and voting with his professed antagonists,- he ?wed some apology to his constituents. ; (Laugh ter.) Hitherto he had opposed this bill us fruit less of any benefit to those desirous of settling on the public lands. And now he must vote against its going into conference, as it might facili tate the passins of it. Hear. hear.-'.. aud ' no.'') So far ho was consistent. But those hon. members in tho Corner, who for ten months had been cry- ' ing out for the passing of- this bill, now 'to sacrifice it just at the .moment of its being pro bably passed, by refusing to let it go into confer ence, no was shocked at them. . Hear, liea.v,' and laughter.) Mr. Ell DEN apologised for addressing the House at that late stage of the debate. Kut he wisliqd to correct a mistake into which or.o hon. member snemed to have fallen. Previous to .en deavoring to form a Ministry he had, as before in timated, sought to get support for the vary courso which the present Ministry had now adopted, so that he . need not repeat 'to the House that he should support this motion. Possibly not much advantage might arise from the conference, but he felt that at this stage nb stone should ? be left, unturned which might conduce to a favorable result. (Hear, hear) He had been twitted with some inconsistency in seeking an alliance with the hon. member for Kilmore — (hoar, hear),— but, when, on tho third' reading of this bill, lie said that he was anxious that this bill sli mid pass, he said'also that he considered it far from perfect, and that the Upper House would make large amendments in it ; yet that he was so anxious that it should pass, that he would vote for it in the bare hope that such amendments would be made. He was therefore sorry when coercion was attempted with the Upper House, which would certainly not tend to facilitate the passing of this bill, and he thought that (lie Ministry having done wrong in the first tnst.fllinn. wnill/1 hnvrt rlrtiin . n Pi-rt.., I.,, fully to have admitted that wrong, and to have withdrawn it. It could never be too late for a man having done wrong, gracefully to apologise for it. ('Hear, hoar' and 'Oh.') On the motion for considering the amendments, he (Mr. Ebden) found himself in a minority of 21 to 37, when that 37 declared absolutely that they would not even entertain an amendment coming iiom the Upper House. (Hear, hear.) In that his conduct had beon consistent, from the first, as desiring amendment, and ho was now, therefore, anxious for a conference. And now, with regard to Mr. O'Shanassy, ho declared that his desire for union with that hon. gentleman .was to be attributed to this fact, that his Excellency the _ Governor, when asking him lor advice, did it only with one view, nnd that view had reference to this measure., ('Oh.' and 'Hear.') The hou. member for Ripon and Hampden (.Mr. Service) seemed to question that explanation, but the hon, member for Kilmore, when addressing tho House on that question, and referring to tho letter of his Excellency, seemed most fully to con' fess that he held in his hand proofs which corro borated this view. (' Hear, hear,' from Mr. O'Shanassy.) lie would not make any remarks upon that subject, but the interpretation which he placcd on liisi Excellency's letter; to the Chief Secretary was that it requested him to resume office only for this very purpose 'of now endeavor ing to pass the Land Bill, and he (Mr. Ebden) must havo felt that his hon. friend the Chief Secretary had by his previous action created such conditions as greatly increased the diihcuUy . of dealing with this question. 'I'hu3 much he said in order that the IIousei might be informed that in attempting to sink all other considerations for tho time feeing, it was for the land question, and that only, that he did it. (Hear, hew-.) Before sitting/. ' down he desired to say that He was as anxious for the passing of a land bill as any hon. member in that House possibly could'be, not because he be lieved that any very great improvement could be made by this bill on the present system, but because not only by settling the 'question here, but nlso by inducing emigrants to flock to these shores, ' it would greatly add to the prosperity . of the colony. ? For this reason he was prepared to- take it even m its present condition, as sent up to the Upper House ; and. that, he thought, must be proof suffi cient of his Sincerity in desiring to pass the bill. (' Hear,' and laughter.) .I-Ic thought that no real differences of principle now existed between the two branches of the Legislature which should prevent the passing of it. In the general each prin ciple was admitted, but in the details, what on/; branch of the Legislature sough', to extend, the other sought to compress. He could fuliy appre ciate the conduct of the hon. member in refusing to support a measure whic.i he h id consistently opposed ; but how hon. members who had stated their policy to be to take up (his bill aud enter into negotiations with the. Upper House for the passing of it, now refused to enter into a confer I ence with tho other Hoilse,' was what he could not understand. (Hear, hear.) Ho supported the motion. Mr. LOADER had. received very much plea sure in listening to the hon. member for St. Kilda, although somewhat astonished to, hear him say that the olive- branch had been , held, out by tho other House. (' Hear, ^hoar,' and laughter.) But as he was most desirous, of coming to some conclusion ou this question, aud if the Lower House could accept the ' conclusion that, in asking for ri conference the Upper House had hold out the olive-branch, they would then be pursuing a highly dignified course in acceding to the request. (Hear.) , And as by doing so the 'Upper House had', as'it were, excluded the Minis ! try from their consideration, .and said, ' We will confer -with the other House, but we will- have nothing to . do with the Ministry,' -tlioy would then be able to view the matter in a now light, apart from all the jealousies and complications which had arisen out of the Ministerial action. Ho thought it would be good policy, therefore, for them to let it take place, — (hear, hear,) — and although he for one should be unwilling, on tho reconsideration of the bill, to1 give up a single principle, in the bill, yet, as it had been proposed to consider the other House as holding out the olive branch to them, let them take it — (hear, hear,) — and so get this ^great and persistent cause of publifc trouble and disturbance out of the way. (Hoar, hear.) If that could bs accomplished, emigrants would be encouraged to those shores, and a stato of prosperity inaugurated. (Hear, hear.) Mr. RIDDELL supported the conference, and agreed that it would be better tint the, bill should pass ns it stobd, than be lost to the public. ' - ? Mr. GRAY, independently of ond speech which had been made that .evening, and which henceforth remained to interpret the meaning of that House in the action it was about to take, ? would have thought its members placed in a very humiliating position, in . relation to the other House, when they consented to take baak-their ovvu deliberate motion at the demand, of the other House. But after that speoch, accepting this proposal a3 tho olive branch desig nated ? by Mr. Michie,— as being in fact a motion by tho Upper House in favor of a solutio.n of the question, he confessed that the position occupied by that Ilouse in this confer ence would be in that light a very different one. Yet the .difficulty arising from the. suppliant position assumed by the Ministry, although diminished, was not thereby altogether removed. If that difficulty had been removed out of the the way and tho House was now fairly led by the Government, he would consider that a good effect might be produced in. this cflnferenco on tho members of the Upper House. But save his t'bir Michie's) voice, no other strong and determined voice had been heard — no other clear and decided policy ;had beon enunciated— from that quarter of the House.. (Hear, hear.) Had .thero bp.en, they ?might havo hoped for much. But, und er present 1 circumstances, what, effectual resul;, could anticipated? Had not a more important and e hoc trial committee for this purpose 'been proposed -by Mr. Fellows?, And when tho'c had been re fused by the Council, what' could, they exprjet from a motion for a less effective committee, weakly led by Mr. A'Beekett, and weakly supported by a few members in the Council. Had not more important conferences been already held by the Chief Secretary ? Hud he not beeiv Vanning the gauntlet of all the Counting- houses , of the mem bers of Council ? (Mr.' Nicholson : No.) Well, then, perhaps riot all';' -but to some 15 or 10 of thera ? (Hear, hear.) Would he deny that i Well, after, that kind of beseeching, without any success, too, so far as could be extracted from the'lips of the hon, mem- j bnr, without one strong ' aud clear expression of opinion from any one of the Ministry to counter balance liis vacillating and humbled posture, he (Mr. Gray) did not think any material good re sult eould.be expected from the conference, and he must therefore vote against it. But he had no doubt that the motion would be carried. And as he had also no doubt that it would be 'carried in no small measure for , the , reasons so ably set forth inhisspeech by Mr. Michie, lie trusted that by tlie words of that speech, and in the light of the views enunciated in it, tlie Upper House would interpret the action of the Lower House on this oCicasiori. (Hc-ar, liear;V* At half-past six the House adjourned one hour lOr refreshment, resuming 'at bait-past seven. .-! Mt\ BENNETT supported a-conferonce, in the liopc of some good result ; at. th? same time re serving to himself the right to reject the deci sions of this committee, if he' should not ap prove of them.' (Hear, hear.) s ! Dr. EVANS -regretted that ' this' i question r should ever froll back on 1 them,- to' no ' matter how advanced a stasr* thev c,,/.r-nnr1o,l ,'r. n.wl.ini, 1W h, f».°. ? ? nuvuwuwu -.41* ijujiiihj AV. JJUU lltf AUrUStUY UIHG they were now only reproducing-that same result which had so ofton occurred before. It had bean paid that an olive branch had.been held put by tlie Council, but he could not see anything of tlie k''nd. Most reluctantly had tlio proposal for: a conference been entertained' by the. members of the' Council, and there was no ^.reason to believe that ith'oy were more, favorable to it or to its.pro bablo decisions no w. Siipp'bse that, in, limine, tjie, six members of the Assembly should be 'met on entering this conference by a demand from the six' members .of the Council for an' utter and' final; recantation of any; intention on the part of the' Assembly to fall back on the Orders in Council, and should. rfcfoiso to ilo anything until thatrecan tation was made. Suppose the Council should reject the decisions of this committee'. Suppose the Assembly should do so. Or suppose that the committee should be themselves' no more able to agree than the two Houses had been able to agree. In all these cases the same result would flow back upon them, .namely, the necessity of accepting in tot o the bill as amended by the Council. Having looked through the bill, he saw no such difference between tlie system proposed by it and. the present system as would justify an alteration of tlie present system. ('Hear,' and ' Oh !') It had been a recognised principle by Sir Robert Peel and by every great statesman, uiul uiu;ruuuii9j » uuu uiuuc iil mi, S/IOUKI 00 sufficiently large to .justify alterations. No exist ing state of things should be recklessly disturbed for trifling reasons. (Hear, hear.) 'They were told that the Government, foiling all ' other means, would full back ou the Orders in Council. ! But he did not think they had the power. Two years previously, whilst hi office as Minister of Crown Lands and Survey, .he ,hncl/ himself, . with I tho best advice, fully studied the question, and he had come to the conclusion that although the Orders in Council were capable of being put in full force for all the purposes which they had been framed, or to which they were adapted, yet that the 10th Order of Council, June 9th, 1S50, could not bo put in force for one purpose, without also putting in force previous Orders in Council for a similar purpose. Now, the whole of tho lands in this colony had been al ready taken up with rights appertaining under the Orders in Council. It might bj replied that these lands were not occupied under leases, but annual licenses only. (Hear, hear.) But he apprehended that in a court ol equity a contingent right was as good as an actual one. He would now leave tlie legal phase of the question, to ask hon. members, and especially the lion, member for St. Kilda, who had, on previous occasions ninst vehemently condemned the Orders in Council as a tyrannical overriding of law and justice, with what consistency they now, asked for them to.be put.in.force. (Hr. Michie :. 'Sauce foi the goose, you know.' Laughter.) Two wrongs could never make one right. As to the proposal of a conference, it was the broadest farce he had for a long time heard of. Did they suppose that all their lnbow would «nd more sue- i cessfully than the labors of the ancient fab! e? They might crawl through that passage ('the hon. member indicated with his fy igcr the floor of the lobby leading to the Council Chamber) into the painted char nber of the Legislative Council — (roars of laughte r) — and on their bended knees inform the hon. :mom bers of that Council, that they wcie now do: .irons of making their recantation in the humblest; pos sible manner. (Renewed laughter.) But did they think that by so doing they would extract from those lion, and venerable councillors any better terms than they had already propounded i or, that . in short,' they would for the con-, sideration of a little gastronomic humility, accept any bill the Assembly pleased for the sake of the sauce that accompanied it ? Not they ! Was that tho way in which they pro posed to carry their bill r By cringing, and fawning, aiid humbly petitioning foi* tho boon which they hnd just previously bullied tha Coundil for, n3 mi inherent and incontestiblo right? If so, it was owing to some personal, obliquity of mind, that lie could only perceive a very different lesult. And all ' this kow tow- ing was to take place in order that this miserable wcatliercock sham of a Ministry — (roars of laughter) — might keep its place as a Ministry, although its policy was pointed in succession to all quarters of the political heavens. (Renewed laughter.) And 110 dojabt it might serve that purpose. No doubt this ghost of a Ministry, faint and terrified at the political . Cerberus whom they had encountered — (roars of laughter) — wandering 011 the shore of political oblivion — (renewed laughter) — hovering along the margin of this, political Styx — (continued laughter) — with no alternative but to cross it, would in their confer ence contrive Rome little barque, and secure the services' of some political Charon to lorry them over to tho distant shore. (Roars oflaughter.) But he would ask what benefit tho agricultural interest of this country would derive from this ? He saw one result which would. flow from the ten months' bickering and contest of which their vacillating policy had been the cause. Most acrid feelings and personal animosities had been de veloped between men otherwise mutually respect* ing each other, and so divided had become tha parties m that House that it would be impossible henceforth to form from the materials within tha House that strong, respectable, and durable Ad ministration by which alone could the land ques tion, or any other question, be carried. (Hear, hear.) It wa3 said that by passing this bill an agricultural millonniurn , would bo inaugurated, and each man would obtain a farm a vote, and a rifle. (A voice : 'And' a wife? ' 'Hear, hear.' ) But hp most solemnly believed ,n.c?,slJ thing w^,uid result, but' that, uudec this bill there wo-;ud exist even less facilities th ao. under the prp^ent system for every poor mai j. \q obtain afb-;m. ('Oh,' nnd ' hear. ) Such 1 Jt'.'in' his opuv.on, — that, whether amended or 110'^ this bill ivould not, if carried, raise in tho cov\ntry a farmer yeomanry, .without- which iresult, 7 10 j;nai settlement, indeed not even any cd^ation , 0f t]le agitation on the laiul 'question, could'be - jbtaincd he must vote against the proposal. ' ' ' The ' question was then put- and cai . rie(i ; oniy two or three dissentient voices being rr used against . Mr. NICHOLSON thon proposed ' That this committee consist of Messrs. Wood, Ebden Hoales, Caldwell, J S. Johnston, o.nd the mover.' This proposition did not appear to -jneet with general concurrence, and On the motion of Dr. EVANS, the committee was ballottei for, with the following result Messrs, 'Nicholson, Wood, J.S, Johnston, M'Cul lo«h, .Bailey, and.'ELden. ? Mr. Martley and Mr. Ebden had both tho same number, of v0tes, and the Speaker, according to custom, go;ve his casting vote on behalf of the Lat ter gentlfman, his name commencing .with a prior letter' cvf the alphabet to that of tlie former gen tlemnn. THV, OFFICES OP THE COMMISSIONER OF LANDS ATO SURVEY AND THE COMMIrtSION'JiU 0? PUUI.IC IVOIlifS. i ' Mr 'LOADER moved 'That in ihe opinion of this House, the important Ministerial positions of Commissioner ofLands and Survey and Commis sioner of Public Works; should riot be left to tlie care of those Ministers' who ' have other duties to perform in the Post Oflice and Customs depart ments. and therefore that the Chief Secretary should lose no, time in stating to the House the manner and the longest period within which he proposes to fill up the vacancies.' And in moving it, ho stated that he considered that it was quite impossible for- the 'gentlemen alluded to to fill with'satisfaction their new offices, more particu larly as they formed the Mining Board as welL. Mr. WOODS seconded themotion. Mr. O'SHANASSY' did not know whfit th« object of the mover was, but ho certainly t'uou^ht that, considering the importance of the two offices, it would not be viewed with 'satisfaction by the House or by the country that they should bo filled inthe manner they were at present:' For lii* ' part, he thought it would be better if the Chief Secretary were to allow the two gentlemen spoken of to perform some part of the duties of his office, which weie chiefly purely administrative, and he himself undertake the .duties of these other ' offices. Mr. NICHOLSON did not know if this mat ter were brought forward with the view of embar rassing the Government or not; and, what, was more, he did not care. It was only on T-u esday last that he kniw' he should meet' the ilouse again as Chief Secretary, and since then t.'h ere had been 110 C'abine: meeting. He had hcai-a rumors on all sides of the House of votes of wan t 0f con fidence, and if he asked bny gentlenvj.n to join him, he; might be met with n refusal, and told that possibly the Ministry .nui^lit be out before the elections were concluded. He would remind the hon. gentleman who sp o?ce last, that his Postmaster-General had carricdi -on for some months the duties of Commissioi.ver of Crown Lands as well as those of his a.-\yn office, and without any evil result. Mr. LOADER said that after this explanation, ho would withdraw his motion. ' 7-It T! VK rV\'T-qi. Mr. EMBLING obtained leave to- brin' in * bill.-for the more effectual prevention of the°crun» of drunkenness, and it w, read a first time. . KXI'X.OKATIO.V. Mr. Embling's motion, in respect: to thestwt-. of the Expedition, lapsed. ' ' ' THE VAN- YEaW. ? Dr. Macadam's motion, regarclin' the puri fications of the Yan Yean, was postponed until after the 1th order of the day. ? ? MINI.VO COMPANIES.'. . Mr. Carpenter's motion for leave to bring in a Jiill for the better regulation of mini™- com panies lapsed in the absence of the mover, ' GOLD FIELDS ACT AMENDMENT . On the motion of Mr. PYICE, the-IT.ou'se wont into consideration of the message from r'iie Couu cil, and agreed to their amendments, a. proviso to one of the clauses beiiig added by the mover. I'UllUC HOSPITALS ACT AMEXDME'jrr Utl.L On the motion of Mr. SERVICE, this bill sent down from. the. Council, .was read. a rfu-.st time, and was ordered to be printed, and read a second tim» on lues day. MUNICIPALITIES ACP AMENDMENT HILL. On the motion of Mr. WOOJ3, the message from the Council was taken into consideration. ° Mr. SERVICE moved that tlie House do noc insist UDon tho amendment nf leaving out Clause 4. ' ' ' Mr. WOOD said there was no necessity fov having the clause, as the municipal counci'i* could always frame bye-laws to suit the object in ? Vie\V, ? ' ' ? ? - J Mr. GREEYES said tliat, from interested mo. ?u\£?* 'IS. Louacil 'night not pass such bye-lj -y Ihe House then divided with ,the follr .winy result . ? Ayes ? ? / Noes ? ? ? ? ? ? ? .25 Majority . . . . ........ IS. Tho motion was therefore lost. ? 1 PLEUItO-PNEU.UONIA. On the motion of Mr. MOLLIS O'N:, the Housa wenUnto committee' for the considr;ra- tion of i re solution referring to the appropriation of £1000 in compensation for cattle destroyed, 0 nd i:*nnn «.„« substituted for the £1000. ' ,val The resolutions for presenting ^ address to hi* Excellency to cause the aboVe suit, to be placed on ?the suppiementaryestinuo-es, was agreed to, and. the House resumed. ° VOLUNTEER ACT .VyjENDMKNT BILL. ,? -m,°-n0U 0f NICHOLSON, the re fhp th' l V- wavsj'l0pted. On the motion for that he dmv? f *ng madc' 1Ir- said that he -would wis^, if not t00 latCi ,0 jna]:e an nmenclinent in th.e bill, legalising tho custom no^r orfjuries' ^eeinS the volunteers from serving . I^l#. »ftid; it vra* too l»t» n»w H make the amendment, and the bill wag then read ? third time and passed. XMBIM.LD HILL I)YB LAW RP.PKA.L BILL. „ . On tho motion of Mr. J. T. SMITH, this bill, for remoYing tho toll on the Sandridge road, wan read a sccond time, and the Ilouse went into com mittee. Tlie various clauses and the preamble ?were then agreed to, with amendments, and the bill was reported to the Ilouse, and the report was adopted, the third reading being made an order of the day for Tuesday. TITZaoY WARD IMPROVEMENT ACT AMUNDUENT RILL. The mfessagc of the Council was taken into con sideration, and their amendment was agreed to. PHO.VTAOr. SYSTEM HILL. The amendment of the Council was Uken into ?ontideration, and further amended. Ths IIouse adjourned at ten minutes past ten ?'clock until lour o'clock on Tuesday next. 