SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 6. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 2 o'clock. THE ABORIGINES. The Hon. J. BAKER asked the Chief Secretary whether any information respecting the condition of the aborigines " at the various country stations had been received by the Government. If such in formation had been received, it was in-his, Mr. Baker's opinion exceedingly desirable that it should be given for the benefit of the Select Committee which that House had appointed. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY replied that he had that morning been put in possession of a letter, which the Commissioner of Police had received from Point MacLeay. On the motion of the Hon J. BAKER, the Chief Secretary promised to lay a copy of the document on the table of the House. REAL PROPERTY LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. The Hon. J. BAKER moved the following motion standing in his name "That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying him to issue a Commission directed to His Honor the Chief Justice, the Hon. the President of the Legislative Council (Sir J. H. Fisher), the Hon. the Attorney-General (H. B. T. Strangways), R. D. Hanson. Esq., M.P., W. A. Wearing, Esq., Crown Solicitor, to examine and report upon the existing state of the law relating to the transfer and encumbrance of freehold and other interests in land, with a view to suggest such alterations and amendments therein as may be necessary for ensuring the most perfect security of title to land, and for simplifying and facilitating the mode and diminishing the expense of its transfer." The hon. member remarked that the idea of a Commission for the purpose asked was not a new one, inasmuch as he had on a previous occasion, and prior to the passing of Torrens's Act, urged the importance of a Commission being appointed to look into the laws which were in force respect- ing the transfer of real property. An address on the subject was even presented to the Governor, but no action further than that was taken in the matter. He had always felt the necessity which existed for the consolidation of the laws referred to. and his feelings on the subject led him a second time to deal with the matter, though his efforts were unsuccessful in consequence of the opposition of the other branch of the Legislature. Other hon. members of that Council had on previous occasions taken the same view of a Commission as he. Mr. Baker, did. The Hon. A. Forster had said that it the Real Property Act was found to work in an unsatisfactory manner, he would vote for a Commission. (2 Hear" from Mr. Forster.) He, Mr. Baker, therefore, fully calculated upon receiving the support of that hon. gentleman, in tasking for a Commission to enquire into the working of the Real Property Act. The Act- was found to possess clauses which were perfectly ridiculous. The clause which related to the intending purchaser declaring himself to possess the fee simple, was an absurdity, an intended purchaser of land being made to say that he was already in possession of the fee simple of that land. He could cite many absurd clauses to show that he was adopting a justifiable course, and one eminently calculated to improve what ought to be and what he desired to see made a really practical and valuable measure. " He would here disclaim being actuated by any other motive than that of seeing a really reliable and thoroughly workable measure, under which parties might with perfect confidence bring their properties Some supporters of the Act he knew would say that he was all times in the course be was adopting, and that it would be time enough to take action when the Act had broken down, but he, Mr. Baker, disapproved of such a course ; and preferred using remedial measures before any serious mischief had occurred. He confessed he was unable to see the force of the objection urged against a Commission, which was, if properly constructed, the only tribunal capable of giving such advice as would lead to the perfecting of a measure which all acknowledged required to be greatly amended. No doubt some hon. members were afraid that a Commission would expose to view the weak points of the fact. it soulless woman, and a better thing could not be desired, for it was impossible to amend any law before its defects became known. He, Mr. Baker, was disposed to give Mr. Torrens great credit for the manner in which had brought forward his measure. He had, doubtless worked hard and zealously, though he, Mr. Baker, believed in a mistaken way. He had not availed himself. as he might have done, of the assistance of men well qualified to give him the best legal advice. The Jurist, a law publication of great ability, had a review of Mr. Torrens's pamphlet, and Mr. Gdwler's edition of the Real Property Act. That review spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Torrens's movement, and acknowledged the great success of the movement and the triumphant career of its author. [Here the hon. member read extracts referring to the Act as giving indefeasible titles, saving 90 per cent, in costs, being simple in its character, expeditious in working, enabling transfers to be effected through the post by parties living hundreds of miles away, and so on.] But this same review, on looking at the machinery of the Act, expressed doubts as to whether all that was expected would be realised, and whether its -good effects would be permanent. It gave the preference to Torrens's Act over Cairns's, but went on to say with regard to the former, it bore signs of haste and exactness, and its great defect was that in order to gratify popular clamor, the legal profession had been excluded in framing it. The reviewer concluded by saying, that although conveyancing might be destroyed by the Act, it took no wizard to forsee that ultimately South Australia would have to go back to her lawyers, and it would be well for her if this rash legislation did not create a difficulty out of which the Imperial and Local Legislatures combined would have enough to do to deliver the country. Such was the opinion of the Jurist. He, Mr. Baker, would now refer to the illegal provision repealing at one fell swoop all Acts, referring 1 nor's instructions it would be found that His Excellency was forbidden to assent to any Bill that repealed other Acts in general terms. Hear.) By neglect of this instruction the present Act was null and void, as was declared by the reviewer. This was an astounding statement, and he would ask if a Commission ought not to be appointed to enquire into it? The Jurist said it did not suppose any difference would really occur between the Home and the Colonial Governments on account of the illegal manner in which the Act was assented to, but believed that remedial measures would be needed He would now refer to a legal authority in this colony, Mr. Strangways, now Attorney-General, whose opinion had some weight with the Chief Secretary on the Constitution Amendment Bill. If he, Mr. Baker, could show what was Mr. Strangways' opinion of the Bill, the Council would form an idea of the opinion of the Attorney-General. (A laugh, and "it does not follow by the Chief Secretary.) " It does not follow !" Will he say light is dark, and dark is light The opinion of Mr. Strangways was so unfavorable to the Act, that if Mr. Strangways would come forward and contradict the Attorney-General, he could have no confidence in him, unless he showed good reasons for such change of opinion. (Hear" from Mr. Forster.) He could understand the Attorney-General changing his opinion as to the course to be pursued ; but had he so altered his views of the Bill itself as now to approve what he so strongly condemned before? All those who favored the Bill had not brought their property under it- (daughter they said it was not necessary so long as they had land grants (hear) they did not wish to exchange a land grant for a certificate bearing only a copy of the great seal of the province, issued by the Governor's deputy, without proper legal authority. (No.) Mr. Strang- ways - the Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY hoped the hon. member would not mix up the former opinions of Mr. Strangways with the sentiments of the present Attorney-General on this question. The Hon J. BAKER would state that even in connection with the present But the Attorney-General had said that his amendments thereupon had been rejected by Mr. Torrens, and therefore he could not be supposed altogether to approve of the Bill. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said he might, notwithstanding, approve of it as far as it went The Hon. J BAKER wished the Chief Secretary would say what was really the opinion of the Attorney-General on the present Bill. In 1858 Mr. Strangways said, if that Bill were adopted, members might as well resign, and leave Mr. Torrens to make what Bill he pleased. Mr. Torrens did make what Bill he pleased, and members did not resign. [Laughter.] Mr. Strangways said he would not pass a law where the sole qualification required of the < Commissioners was that they should be totally ignorant of the matters they had to deal with and that he supposed they must give them father enough, when they would not fail to get into such a mess that they would never get out of it. [Laughter.] He, Mr- Baker, thought the Chief Secretary considered they had hardly tether enough yet. Mr. Strangways went on to say that he should not oppose the principle of registration of title, "if left optional." But it was not so; there were compulsory clauses, and the Attorney-General must still dissent from that portion of the Bill. After further comments, Mr. Strangways said that "he should be happy to give his aid in framing a measure to carry out the object of the promoters of the Act." He must, therefore, have doubts of the Act, although the Chief Secretary hinted that he was converted (The Chief Secretary "No.") No ; well then he was not conveited-(laughter)-and he, Mr. Baker, believed it. (Renewed laughter.) There was great necessity for a Commission, for the Bill could not be legally assented to. The 31st clause of the Imperial Act, defining the legislative powers of this Parliament,' set forth that the Governor should not assent to any Act unless in conformity with his instructions, and those instructions prohibited his assenting to Bills repugnant to the law of England, Bills intermixing different topics. Bills repealing Acts not specified, or Bills containing clauses not coming within the scope of the title. ( 11 ea is This Bill had no time e, and was in other ways opposed to the Governor's instructions. It pretended to repeal colonial Acts without naming them, and also Imperial A is that had existed from time immemorial. If this did not warrant a Commission be knew not what would and if the Governor assented to the Bill in its present form he would be doing an unlawful act, and all transactions under the Bill would be null and void. Neither Mr. Torrens nor the Council were capable of showing what Acts were repealed or affected and hence the necessity of an educated Commission. In connection with a si nil r measure in Canada, an Act was passed by the Imperial Parliament, empowering the King to assent to it, so strongly was its repugnancy felt. He knew there were some who were resolved, in a blind and rash way, to have this measure-(no)-and to force it upon the unwilling (No, no.) If they feared enquiry, he could understand their objecting to the Commission ; but if they were so sure that all investigation would but tend to the advantage of the Act, why did they object to a Commission? It was their duty to do all they could for the sake of the public to make the Act perfect. (Hear.) As to what had been said about the den of lions and David (Mr. Ayers-"Daniel.")-Oh, he meant Daniel-("laughter) Daniel must have known he would have come out of the fires unscathed, and it might be so with this Bill. The report, if adverse, wou d prove he was right in his present motion ; but if otherwise, the friends of the Bill would have the greatest cause for rejoicing. He approved of the measure, but must repeat, that if the originator of the Bill had taken proper advice he would have better satisfied the public; but by persisting in refusing to do so, he might bring down disgrace on himself, and involve the colony in much confusion and loss. He now moved the resolution standing in his name. The Hon. H. AYERS seconded. The Hon. A FORSTER was not sure whether, on the ground of form alone, the present motion must not fall to the ground. On the previous day permission was given to the hon. mover to strike out the first part of his motion, and to leave the second part as a substantive motion for to-day. So far he gleaned from the newspaper reports ; but the motion now before the Council was not the second half of the motion as brought forward the day before. The PRESIDENT stated that the hon. member could not rely upon newspapers. (Laughter.) The Hon. A. FORSTER "Well, then, he would say that such was his impression, and that impression was supported by what he saw in the papers. The PRESIDENT -It was the second half of the motion, as amended, that was the question for to-day in fact, the motion as it stood on the notice paper. The Hon. J. BAKtiR explained to the same effect. The Hon. A. FORSTER would not waste the time of the House in further discussing that point, but would at once state how highly gratified he was to find that Mr. Baker no longer desired to oppose the progress of the Bill, and he was the more delighted, inasmuch as only the day before he had so far intended to oppose its progress as to move that it be read a second time that day six months. ("Hear.) The Hon. J. BAKER had distinctly stated on the previous day that the motion was introduced by him, not in order to obstruct the Bill, but as the best means of giving effect to watt was really his object, the appointment of a Commission of enquiry. The Hon. A FORSTER could only judge of the hon. member's intentions by what was published. The Hon. J. BAKER-Take what I said. The hon. member appears a little mystified. (Laughter.) The Hon. A. FORSTER was not mystified ; neither would he attempt to mystify the Council. But the hon. member himself was certainly not very clear, and probably he had not read the Bill. The Hon. President had deprecated appealing to newspaper reports, yet the Hon. Mr. Baker had quoted from a newspaper report words attributed to him, Mr. Forster, in reference to the appointment of a Commission. He accepted those words, literally, as quoted ; but he denied that the Act had not worked well. It had worked marvellously well. Its success was most extraordinary un pi evidenced in the history of the legislation of that or of any other colony, (Hear.) Therefore he was not pledged to support a Commission, seeing he had only promised to support one in the event of the Act not working well. He protested against a Commission for the Act was a most unmistakeable sucess. At first it was not sup ported by the Government; but now it was introduced by the Chief Minister of State, and supported by a Government including two members of the legal profession, and who were not formerly supposed to be favourable to it, but whose opinions he was bound to suppose had been changed in consequence of the wonderful success of the Act (Hear.) The Government now had that Act under their special protection, and would stand or fall with it-" (Hear," from the Chief Secretary) \- and he could not help remarking that if the Hon. Mr. Baker should defeat the measure, and displace the Government, that he would then have a prospect of filling their places, and an opportunity of giving effect to those principles antagonistic to the Act, to which the hon. member had formerly given utterance. (Hear.) The progressive favor which this measure enjoyed at the hands of the public was a proof of its excellence. The popularity which it enjoyed when first. launched, and untried, had since increased a hundred d. No person could go to any constituency in the colony, whether as a candidate for a seat in the Council or in the Assembly, and have the slightest chance of success, I unless he supported this Act (Hear, hear.) The Real Pro ' perty Act was not made the battle-ground originally, but it would be now were any attempt made to obstruct it (Hear.) The Act was, moreover, not only increasing in favor with the general public, but the legal profession were coming round. He had stated that there were two legal members of the Government tendering their support to the Bill, who were prepared to pass this Act or resign their seats, regarding it as a vital measure; and he saw from the advertisements in the public papers that other legal gentlemen were now prepared to transact business under the Act. and on the terms which it prescribed. (Hear.) Tile leading member of a leading legal firm had also accepted the post of chief Solicitor to the Act, so that the legal mind of the colony was evidently coming round to it. Even its compulsory clauses those clauses requiring lands alienated from the Crown to be passed through the Lands Titles Office were producing good effects, inasmuch as in this way persons opposed to the Act were brought into contact with its provisions, and by gaining some little practical knowledge of the measure, saw how insane and foolish their opposition had been. Everyday the Act gained new adherents. He might instance the case of a gentleman who in less than half-an-hour borrowed report I., through the Lands Titles Office, the whole business being begun and ended in that time and of course this gentleman was high in his encomiums of the Act. The Act was succeeding with high legal authorities at home, notwithstand- the non. gentleman. Mr. Baker, had quoted from the Jurist an intangible string of objections, like the objections which the hon. member himself was in the habit of urging. But on the other hand there were high legal authorities distinctly and explicitly in favor of the Act and he, Mr. Forster, could quote such authorities to show that the Real Property Act was clearer and better than any similar Act ever introduced by the most eminent lawyers at home. (Hear The hon. member then read extracts from the Law Magazine to the effect that whilst in England law reformers were struggling in doubt and uncertainty," we, in South Australia, had conquered analogous difficulties." < Hear, hear.) The hon. member next referred to the report of the famous English Commission, showing that their object to establish a system of registration by means of which real property could be disposed of as easily as personal-was actually accomplished here. The extract went on to recommend the careful study of the South Australian Act which, though defective in a few minor points, and occasionally obscure, was, as a whole, more accurate than any measure ever produced in England." The hon. member then asked, what higher encomium could be wished for either as regarded the author of the measure, or the Legislature that passed it? One of the greatest objections urged against it was, that not having been drawn by a professional person, it could not be a good Act-yet here, on high legal authority, it was declared to be clearer and more accurate than any similar Act ever drafted by lawyers in England. (Hear.) He had spoken of the public confidence in the measure, and what could better show it than 1750 cases all voluntarily brought under the Act, exclusive of lands alienated from the Crown? That 1750 would soon swell to nine-tenths of the property of the colony, if the Act was not obstructed by adverse legislation. (Hear, hear.) The Act had qu eted . many disputed titles, equitably good, but legally bad, and thus poor men had been rescued from that vortex of costs-the Supreme Court. (Hear.) The machinery of the Act was also good. With the single exception of the case. Hutchinson v. Lee worthy, on which perhaps his opinion might differ from that of some of the friends of the Act, no essential principle of the measure had ever been assailed, though the legal profession, with numerous dealings with all kinds of titles, had had two years in which to discover cases The Hon. J. Baker had referred to certain ridiculous clauses in a former Act Well, they had been amended and it was to be hoped that as one after another of similar clauses were amended the opposition of the hon. gentleman would give way. That hon. member had said that if the report of his Commission were adverse, it would justify him in having moved for it and if favorable it would advance the Real Property Act That was very Ingenious, no doubt ; butbadanycomplaintwhatevcr been alleged against the Act? Had there been any outcry, any remonstrance, any petition? Had even the lawyers petitioned ; had the Legislature been requested to interfere with the measure at all? (Hear, hear.) No and it would be a most extraordinary forfeiture of its dignity if that House, unsolicited, agreed to a Commission. The Jurist found fault ; but it also admitted many excellencies. THEIR was wonderful; it was strange there was any good in it; that it did not fall to pieces. (Hear.) But look at the other side. They had the opinion of Mr. Webster, who said that this Act, or one similar, would probably be adopted in England, and that we in this colony had achieved what they in England had been yearning for for 3 years. (Hear.) Of course, as the President knew, there were members of the legal profession who would obstruct all progress, but if a few competent and eminent men reported favorably of this Bill, it was enough. The Jurist does not point out any one clause which is objectionable. (Bear.) No, but it utters warnings. They had been warned before ; it was nothing new; the sun would be overclouded, the house would fall, they would get into an inextricable fix (laughter) -and so on. It was impossible to deal with such intangible objections; but let any one who had a real and substantial amendment to propose come forward with it, and he, Mr. Forster, would be bound to attend to it. The hon. member, Mr. Baker, had referred to the opinions of Mr. Strang- ways before he was Attorney-General, and seemed to insinuate that he was only waiting to see the downfall of the Real Property Act. If that were a correct view to take the Attorney-General ought not to be where he now is. (Hear.) He, Mr. Forster, would however prefer concluding that Mr. Strangways having recently studied the Act more carefully, having more fully noted its successes, had changed his opinions-(hear)-for he never could suppose so meanly of him as to believe that he was working with the Government day by day on this question, and making it a Cabinet question, all the time secretly expecting and watching for its downfall. (Hear ) The Hon. J. Baker had also produced on his (Mr. Forster's) mind a similar impression with regard to the hon. member's ideas of the law advisers of Her Majesty at home-that they were only leaving the Act to its operation that Ave might see how rashly and absurdly we had been acting. The Ben J. BAKER repudiated this sentiment in refe ference to Her Majesty's advisers; and as to Mr. Strangways, he had merely quoted that gentleman's speech. It was the opinion of the Just which Mr. Forster had mistaken for his, Mr. Baker's The Hon. A. FORSTER Well, he would never believe so meanly of the advisers of Her Majesty, and especially when he knew that they had returned the Insolvent Act because it contained a clause supposed to transcend our powers of local legislation. (Heard The Governor had properly assented to the Real Property Acts, and as the law officers of the Crown had doubtless gone through those Acts, and as Her Majesty had sanctioned them, he (Mr. Forster) had a right to conclude that there was nothing in them repugnant to the laws of England. (Hear, hear) With regard to the remarks once made by Mr. Strangways on the compulsory clauses, those remarks fell to the ground, because the compulsory clauses were repealed. As to the various legal; objections urged against the Bill, they might all be summed up in one point and that by one answer-the Act must be valid because it had been submitted to the law officers of the Crown in England, and on their report had been sanctioned by the Queen. (Hear.) The hon. gentleman had said that the present Bill contained no title ; but as they would be able (with the help of the hon. gentleman to give it a title before they sent it up to His Excellency, there was not much force in that objection. The hon. member said it was useless to suggest amendments, as every one had made up his mind. Whether the hon. gentleman said that from a consciousness of his own fixed predilections, he, Mr. Forster, would not say --, but he would say that himself and the other supporters of the Bill were quite open to argument, and willing to consider every bona-fide amendment He declined to vote for the Commission, because the conditions on which he once promised to do so had of existence. (Hear.) The Act had worked most admirably, and no other similar Act that he had heard of worked half so well. Had the hon. member simply asked for a Committee of that House, it would not have been so objectionable, but when he proposed a hostile Commission's" No," from Mr. Baker.) The hon. member says " no" ; but when be looked at the names proposed for that Commission, he, Mr. Forster, had quite as much right to say that only one conclusion could be reasonably expected from it, as Mr. Baker had to say that hon. members' minds were so made up in favor of the Bills to render it futile to propose amendments. (Hear, hear.) He should oppose the motion. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY must state that he should oppose the motion for a Commission, believing that if a necessity existed for an investigation into the working of the Real Property Act, that object would be best carried out by a Select Committee. Even granting that a Commission was necessary, he (the Chief Secretary) should take exception to some of the name.-, proposed as members of such a Commission, knowing as he well did. that they had already declared themselves unfavorable to the Act. He would ask, what would be the effect of referring the question at issue in such a Commission as that asked for by the Hon. Mr. Baker? The Council would be delegating to others the powers and privileges which it alone should possess and the question would be resolved into a discussion upon the report which the Commission would produce. The Hon. Mr. Baker had referred to the . p upon which the Attorney-General had expressed on the measure, prior to his taking office, and endeavored to show that his present position was an inconsistent one He, the Chief Secretary, had nothing to do with the former opinion held by the Attorney-General, or any other member of the Government of that or any other measure ; but now, as he was a member of the Government the Ministry as a whole were bound by any remarks on the measure which he, the Attorney-General made. He would not say that the two legal gentlemen in the Ministry were unqualified admirers of the measure ; but he could say this, that they were favorable to the leading principles of the Act, though doubtless they wished some matters of detail amended, and would give their support to such amendments. The question was, what was the policy of the Ministry, and he would say this, that it was a policy favorable to a thorough support of the Real Property Act. The Hon. Mr. Forster had rightly stated that the Government was favorable to its leading principles, and had determined to stand or fall by it He, the Chief Secretary, had been induced to make those remarks in consequence of what had fallen from previous speakers respecting the position of the two legal members of the Government. The Hon H. AYERS remarked that the object sought to be obtained by the motion before the Council, was not to Strangle the Bill as some had supposed. The object sought to be obtained was a totally different one, and was nothing less than the perfecting of the measure There was no difference of opinion with regard to the desirableness of such a measure. All were agreed on that point. But there was a difference of opinion with regard to the working of the Act, and it was with a view to remedy its defects that a Commission was asked for. The effect of such a Commission would be so notify and improve the measure. He confessed that he could not understand the objections to a Commission. He would have thought that the promoters of the Act would have accepted the proposition as a matter of policy. He could gay for himself that he was not satisfied with the Real Property Act as it at present existed, and, consequently, he had never brought any properties under its operation. If the motion were carried, doubtless amendments would be suggested and made, and his objection, for one, might be removed. But he not only spoke for himself, although he had constant dealings with real property, and it might be desirable to secure even so good a customer as himself. (Laughter.) He spoke for others who had properties which they were wishful to bring under the Act but could not do so for prudential motives. The legal profession had not been reconciled to the measure, and it was important that they should for its good working. A sop was given to them in the first instance, but the Bill before the House sought to remove that by the establishing of land brokers. It was a mistaken policy, for the lawyers had a great deal of power, and their advice was constantly sought by their clients. If the motion for a Commission, consisting of gentlemen who were above interested motives, and free from suspicion, were adopted, a step would be taken by which opponents would, in a measure, be disarmed. It was necessary, in order to protect the 1,7au properties which had been brought under the Act, to increase its efficiency and good working. (Hear.) The Hon. Mr. Forster had spoken about the marvellous success of the Act, but if he had spoken of the marvellous confidence and trust which the people placed in it he could have understood him and have borne him out in the assertion. The trust of the public in the measure was certainly marvellous. It doubtless was a most popular measure, but this was a very different thing from " success," which could only be affirmed when a victory had been won after the battle had been fought. It was yet premature to speak of success. The Hon. Mr. Forster had said that a Select Committee would answer the purpose of a Commission ; but he, Mr. Ayers, differed from that opinion, and considered that a Commission such as had been proposed would, on account of their legal knowledge, give most valuable assistance to the perfecting of the measure, and such as it was not in the power of that Council to give. Heir) The amendments already made a til.- Act had been suggested by the lawyers, and he would ask. where was the consistency in excluding the profession lie would remind the Council that the report of i C IUUIIH sion, whether favorable or otherwise, would have no line in law. If such a report were favorable there would I be an end to the matter and it on the other hand, it contained suggestions for amending the A 3, ft would then rest with the House whether those suggestions were accepted or not. It had been remarked that the Act quieted titles wht th were acknowledged to be defective, and so did strong deed boxes quiet them, in which they were secure enough. [Laughter.] But how would these quieted titles stand the ordeal of a trial at the Supreme Court? Considering that a Commission would not delay the passing of the Bill, he should certainly give the motion his support. The Hon. S. DAVENP RT would oppose the motion. The Hon. J. Baker and the Hon. H. Ayers had alluded to the supporters of the measure, as though they considered it perfect. Its warmest admirers did not consider it perfect or they would not give their support to a Bill to amend it. Was the law it superseded perfect The legal profession had, however, during two years only been able to get up two cases against it, neither of which affected its principle. The hon. member said he was friendly to the Act ; but even it this motion was carried, would he support the Act through all its stages? (Mr. Baker, " Yea.") the opposition of the legal profession had resulte 1 In very little, and it would indeed have been a marvel could they not have discovered some flaws. The Hon. J. Baker had stated that he was willing to abide by the decision of the profession but in 1858, if he remembered rightly, the hon. gentleman had very different views respecting the value of legal opinion The hon. gentleman then read extracts of a speech bright on the point, which Mr. Baker made In ASM, to this effect that he was tired of appealing from one to another, and must now take the evidence and judge for himself, (chair,) He, Mr. Davenport, believed that no good would result from a Commission. That House had already the benefit of the legal opinions of high authorities, and also') the Report of my Commission of the House of Commons, coming 6<>,'00l, tt which any Commission which that force might Lippiatt could and very little. They had also the support of the Isis and of the present Attorney-General of Ktiglittid, RSS cause why was not shown for three <luminU*UHi, fo person could refer to any damage done to un UntivMtt<ti, or to the community, by the bad working of the A/it, tie oidVete'l also to the composition of the Commixidoii, in most of whom had already published their opinions on the west recently A Act to the world. The Chief Justice, were he placed A mum such a Commission, would be put in a most uu>U:r.UaÃA'j position, as he ought not to be required out of Court to (ex press an opinion on a measure upon which he had jidldnlly to decide. It would be unfair towards the Act, uni uuj.int towards the country, to subject the measure to a trilmnal thy members of which were all more or less adverse to the- Act The legal advisers of Her Majesty having advised the Act being assented to, would also be placed in a false position if the Act were to be thwarted by the report of a Commission which had no sympathy with the measure. Such a report could not benefit the country. The motion of the hon. member was adverse to the Act ("No," from Mr. Ayers.) He (Mr. Davenport) begged pardon, but he believed that the results of the appointment of a Commission would not be beneficial to the Act. If they wanted to prove the weakness of the Act, let them do it in a Court of law. The Act had not failed, even in its details and if it had done so they must amend them. So long as the principle stood firm, a Commission was not wanted to investigate its principles that had been done already and if it were details only a Committee was the proper course. He must oppose the motion. The Hon. G. F. ANGAS hoped the hon. mover would withdraw his motion. He considered it very desirable to allow the Act to have a free course, and if at a future time it was thought necessary to appoint a Commission to enquire into the working of the Act, the House could do so. But he thought that at the present time it was unnecessary and undesirable. To grant a Commission now would be similar to the appointment of a commission of architects to report on the merits of a building before the foundations were completed Let the Act have, say two more years to work, and then if found defective, steps could be taken to remedy those defects. He could not at present support any proposition for a Commission. The Hon. J. MORPHETT was sorry he could not follow Mr. Angas, whom he generally found so safe a guide, but on this occasion he must support the hon, member, Mr. Baker. He believed the Commission was necessary, not to go into the principle of the Bill-that was settled ; the whole community desired it and it was the duty of Parliament to give effect to the will of the people. But they were not, therefore, to do everything blindly in whatever Away was proposed to them, but rather carefully and thoughtfully to seek for the best modes of giving effect to what was desirable. He agreed in the principle of the Bill, but believed the measure was radically bad. (Laughter.) Reference had been made by the Hon. Mr. Forster, the Hon. Mr. Davenport, and the Hon. Mr. Angas, to the injustice of delaying a hill when the people wanted it The Hon. A. FORS I ER-I made no such objection. The Hon." S. DAVENPORT I never said so. (Laughter.) The Hon. G. F. ANGAS -Nor I. (Loud laughter. ) The Hon. J. MO KPHETTresuraed-Well, he had better take the hon. members' sentiments in the gross and not particularize. The Hon. Mr. Angas had ridi- ruled calling in architects to examine a building before it was completed, but that was just the time ; it was too late afterwards. [Hear, The Hon. Mr. Forster had said no candidate could get returned who opposed the Bill. That was true ; the country wanted it, and the country ought to have it. It was a liberal and enlightened measure, and Mr. Torrens deserved great praise for what he had done. But it was none the less doubtful us to the power of the colony to repeal Imperial statutes, as this Bill proposed to do; indeed, it was ridiculous ; it was laugh- able to be setting up ourselves on the pinnacle of wisdom, and presuming to repeal Acts, and to frame another Act to which all should how- He must support the Commission, because he believed the Governor could not assent to this Bill, and the report of the Commission would come out in time to save such a measure, so assented to, going home to England. The hon. member then referred to the Governor's instructions, and to the provisions of the Imperial Act, as quoted by the Hon. Mr. Baker and continued. The Hon. the Chief Secretary objected that the Commission, as named, were adverse to the Bill; but could he made one of that Commission adverse to the principles of the Bill? The Hon. the President was not adverse to it, for one of his earliest acts was to draft a measure forgiving effect to the principle of this Bill. The late and the present Attorney-General could not be opposed to the Bill, for each had introduced a measure on the subject. The Crown Solicitor had never shown himself adverse, and the Chief Justice, l though he was called on to adjudicate on a particular case before him, had never expressed himself hostile to the measure. They might repeal what Acts they pleased, but the Judges would be bound to refer to those repealed Acts in settling questions of litigation and these were the very men to point out, without prejudice, the actual defects of the measure Why, not enquire? (Hear.) Mr. Angas had said it was like plastering over an old sore. (Mr. Angas, " No, no," and laughter.) Well ; he should like to see the Act so improved that he, and others, now afraid of the Act, Could put their property under it. He regretted that at present he could not do so. He was afraid of it, but the labors of the Commission might remove many doubts that now prevailed. The Hon. J. BAKER, no other member wishing to speak, would say a very few words in reply. He did not believe the i 'commission would unhinge public confidence, but would rather give confidence to those who now doubted because the question was not sufficiently investigated. ' He especially regretted the remarks made with regard to the gentlemen he had named on the Commission, and was sorry that the Chief Secretary saw in the appointment of such a Commission the strangulation of the Bill. It could not be said that the gentlemen were incompetent and he believed they were impartial, but the objection seemed to say that they were so prejudiced that they could not be trusted. As to a Committee, let the hon. member, Mr. Forster, look round the Council, and- excepting himself was there any one in that House fit to sit on such a Committee. (Laughter.) He had been taunted with not having read the Bill ; he had read it twice through-could Mr. Forster say so The Hon. A. FORSTER-Yes ; half-a-dozen times. (Laughter.) The Hon. J. BAKER But this Bill; he did not believe the hon. member had read stones. (Laughter.) The Hon. A. FORS TE R-Yes. clause by clause. The Hon. J. BAKER Very good-(laughter)-and so had he, and his marginal notes would show that he had sat up very late to read it. (Laughter.) The Hon. Mr. Forster said that there were no legal opinions against it. He would now read the opinions of Messrs. Hays and Thrupp The Hon. A. FORSTER Could the hon. member introduce new matter in his reply? The Hon. J. BAKER was surprised that Mr. Forster objected to hear authorities on this question. [He then read the opinion.] The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY Would the hon. gentleman also read the case, as put to the legal gentlemen whose reply had now been read The Hon. J. BAKER would if the Hon. the Chief Secret- tary would vote for the Commission. ( Laughter, The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY, if convinced, would vote with the hon, member. The Hon. J. BAKER-Aye; but nothing would convince him. (Laughter.) He would, however, place the case" at the disposal of hon, members, and if any were patriotic enough they could print it It had been alleged by Mr. Forster that he (Mr. Baker) was seeking to get upon the Ministerial benches. The Hon. A. FORSTER most distinctly denied having said so. He said an opportunity would be afforded him - not that he sought it. The Hon. J. BAKER took down the words; and he could soon disprove the charge, which if not distinctly preferred, was insinuated, and he wished to deprive it of whatever weight - The Hon. A FORSTER hoped the hon. member would not seek to give weight to what he had disclaimed. (Hear.) The Hon. J. BAKER had not even supposed this was a Ministerial measure, for he found on referring to the votes and proceedings of the House of Assembly that Mr. Morphett had asked the Attorney-General if it was a Government measure. The Attorney-General said it was introduced at the request of theRegistrar- General.and was sent down by message from the Governor, because it was in some sort a money Bill. It was doubtful what it was then ; but now Ministers might make it a State measure, they had not so much to fear now. A good deal had been made by Mr. Forster of 10,0001. having been borrowed in half an hour, but he, Mr. Baker had borrowed larger sums in less time by the simple deposit of title; and Mr. Tinline could doubtless say something on that question, if he chose that was, he thought, a very insufficient ground of exultation. As to the observations of Mr. Davon port about the labors of the English Commission, all that was in favor of his motion, us the results of the labors of that Commission would be available for this. He again urged the appointment of the Commission, as a tribunal of competent and impartial men. The question was then put, and negatived, Mr. Baker calling for a division. The result was as follows For the motion, 3-The Hons. Messrs. Ayers, Baker, and Morphett. Against the motion, Co-The Chief Secretary, and the Hons. Messrs. Angas, Davenport Davies, Everard, Forster, Hall, O'Halloran, Stirling, and Tinline. The motion was consequently lost. The House then adjourned HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past 1 o'clock. LACEPEDE BAY. Mr. A. BLYTH, pursuant to notice, moved "That the petition presented by him relating to Lacepede Bay, be printed." Although he could not say he intended to take immediate action, he intended to take action at a future time. The motion was carried. THE "HANSARD." Mr. MAGAREY rose to move the motion standing in his name "That, in the present state of the finances of the colony, it is not expedient to renew the contract for printing the Parliamentary Reports." In doing so it was needless, he said, to remind hon. members of the present low state of the financial affairs of the colony. They were now in a very depressed state, and his opinion was they would be much worse. (Treasurer "No, no.") The hon, the Treasurer said "no," but he believed they would be worse. At all events the land revenue of the colony was not in a satisfactory state, and as the House had made economy the order of the day, as motions were made to reduce the Governor's salary, and as the Ministers had consented to reduce their salaries - The SPEAKER called the hon. member to order, as he was not confining himself to the question before the House. He must not allude to previous debates. Mr. MAGAREY did not wish to infringe the rules of the House, but he was not aware he was out of order in referring to facts of a previous part of the session to illustrate his statement Those facts showed that the Government viewed the present financial position of the colony with a degree of anxiety, and many useful motions for the improvement of the roads of the colony had been rejected because there were no funds, and he thought it a pity they should be placed in a position to practise retrenchment in such works as these. Amongst other useful items they had been obliged to negative was the 6000. for the Mechanics' Institute and the Museum; he thought it was a great pity they should be obliged to economise upon such institutions. He would much rather they should economise in the printing of the Parliamentary reports, because he wished to make the colony as attractive as he could, and such institutions as those were most necessary and desirable, especially to the native born population, which was increasing rapidly, and by those institutions would have opportunities of improving their minds and gaining useful knowledge. The TREAS! RER rose to order. The hon. member WA * discussing quite a different matter to that before the House. Mr. MILNE submitted that the hon. member was quite in order, as he was stating facts to shew the financial state of the colony in connection with this contract. The TREASURER rose to order, and reminded the Speaker that he had previously ruled the hon. member for West Torrens to be out of order in referring to the Governor's salary. The SPEAKER said there was a certain latitude which should be allowed to the h a member in speaking upon the finances of the colony, but be hoped he would keep as closely to the question as he could. Mr. MAG ARE Y repeated it was not his intention to infringe on the rules of the House, but he thought their being obliged to forego the expenses of establishing a museum, showed that the finances of the colony were not in a very satisfactory state and while such was the case, he thought that the expense of printing the Parliamentary reports could well be dispensed with. It was an expense which the colony did without before, and it was only within the last two years, when the present contract was entered into that it was thought to be necessary. At that time, however, the finances of the colony were in a more flourishing state. He did not wish to cast any reflection upon those who originated the system, but he thought they ought not to perpetuate it in the colony of Victoria, with a population so much in excess of ours and with greater wealth, they had managed to do without authorised reports till the last session, and he thought we could well do without, for this colony had two established and respectable newspapers, and therefore hon. members need not fear but that they would be well reported, because the competition between the two papers would secure that. He would say that he had no personal interest in the matter. and had nothing to complain of in the reports, for (litharge he might have lost something occasionally in some of the reports of the proceedings of the House, he was quite willing to be content, because on other occasions. he has gained quite as much -(laughter and he would further say that although on some occasions hon. ttmnlKT* had complained that they could not hear him, yet he *\ says found the reporters could hear what he said. it was not against the present contractors that he made the motto, but against the renewal of the tan tract, which would of course be, exposed to competition. He though! the great m#}i>rUy of the Home would go with him, except perhaps. glint of those hon. members who got so much for their money by making long speeches and seeing them in print daughters for instance, this hon. member for Barossa; but it; did not think that hon. members should put the country to the expense of reporting his long speeches about binding. (Laughter.) Mr. COG LIN rose to oppose the motion. He was actuated by no personal feeling, but he thought it was most important that every publicity should be given to the speeches spoken in that li ouse, he thought it very rigorous that parties should not have access to the debates of the House (Oh, oh) and that it was very hard flint such a motion should be tabled. If the House passed the motion he thought it was time that they got into obscurity altogether. (Loud laughter.) Mr SANTO was sorry to vote against the motion. He was not in the habit of speaking against time, making long speeches with a view to having them published ; but he believed that the hon. member for West Torrens did not see the importance of publishing the debates. That publication was a wholesome restraint upon members, as it tended to prevent them repudiating their sentiments. There was sometimes great difficulty to keep members to their pledges a and if the publication of the " Hansard " ceased there would be no such check. He believed the publication of the " Han- yard" had a wholesome effect in keeping hon. members to their pledges. (Hear.) it might be said that the ages of hon. members were a sufficient guarantee that they would not say anything which was improper, but the follies of men did not cease with their youth, and they had instances of old grey headed men being as full of vanity as young ones He thought the debates should be published, as it had the effect of keeping hon. members within bounds. He certainly would oppose . the motion of the hon. member, because he did not see any argument in what he had said to induce him (Mr. Santo) to vote with him. It did not follow that because they could not afford to expend GOOD. extra upon the hospital, that they should not afford the amount for publishing the debates of Parliament. It was the opinion of many. hon. members that the Institute had received more than its share of the public money--(hear)-and his opinion was that all such institutions would flourish better without Government a8sistanca-(hear)-because when people, whose duty it was to assist such institutions, knew the Government would provide funds, they held back and he believed that if the Institute was left alone by the Government it would receive a larger amount of support from the public at large. He hoped the hon. member would withdraw his motion, as he should be very sorry to see-it pressed to a division. The TREASURER said the Government could not blame the hon. member for bringing this measure forward on the contrary, they were obliged to him, as it would give them an opportunity of ascertaining the feelings of the House on the question. (Hear.) He would inform the House, that the countries to which the motion referred terminated on the first of next July; and if the present motion was carried, the effect would be, that with regard to the next session of Parliament some of its procedings would be reported, and some not and therefore he was glad the motion had been made, because the Government had an opportunity for an expression of opinion. The hon. member said the present state of the colony was bad, and he put the present state of the colony as the ground for refusing a future vote (hear) but it might be possible that when they met next year, the finances of the colony would be such as to warrant the House in passing the vote. He could not agree with the hon. member that the present state of the colony was so gloomy and that it was likely to be worse. The hon. member had also alluded to the fact of certain motions having been tabled, and refused, as a convincing proof that the finances of the colony were in a bad state ; but he, the Treasurer, knew from experience that when the estimated revenue was actually exceeds by the expenses, many motions for further grants were tabled, and very properly refused and he had no doubt that if the revenue were doubled, some hon. member would table a motion which would be refused, because all the revenue was appropriated. He believed it had never happened before, that the Treasurer had to bring forward a heavy deficit in their Ways and Means. He might add that the contract for printing the "Hansard" would not be very profitable, and that it was a matter of indifference to the contractors so far as they were concerned, whether it was renewed or not, and if hon. members would be content to take their chance of being reported without the " Hansard," there would be no difficulty in the way. He believe i, however, the " Hansard" was most desirable to be continued for the sake of the consequences, that they might see in what manner their representatives voted, and as a record of their sayings and doings in the House. It had been said that as there were two newspapers, that there would be no necessity for the "Hansard," because the spirit of competition would induce both papers to report well up. In reference to that he might say that though only one paper got the contract the fall reports which it published compelled the other to keep up proportionately, and so the House got the benefit of it. (Hear.) He would only say that as the contract expired in July next, it was possible only a half of the next Parliamentary proceedings would be reported if the motion was carried ; he would, therefore, ask for an expression of opinion from hon. members in the matter, for the guidance of the Government. Mr. GLYDE confessed he felt a little difficulty in voting for the motion, though he was as much a friend to economy as the hon. the mover. Under the circumstances he would move the previous question, and leave the decision to the Government. He was sure that hon. members would give him credit for being as anxious to economise the funds of the colony as any one, but he thought the published reports of the debates were very useful, especially with reference to the members of the Government, in keeping them up to their promises. ( Hear.) The hon. the mover had said that as there were two newspapers, hon. members would be well reported : all the Treasurer had said that long reports appearing in one of the papers kept the other well up. But if there was not one paid and authorised report all the reports might be very much cut down. He therefore hoped the contract would be continued, and he believed that next session the Treasurer would be in a position to tell them that the contract was taken at a reduced pi ice. The hon. member for the Port, Mr. Coglin, he thought had taken a wrong view about the reports. He seemed to imagine that if the motion was carried the re- porters would be excluded from the gallery. (Hear, hear.) But this was not the object of the motion, nor would it have such an effect- The reporters would still attend whenever they pleased and whenever any debate took place which they considered interesting they would report it, and if they considered it uninteresting they would probably omit it altogether. (Hear.) He could not support the motion, because as he had said, he considered the publication of the debates useful, and especially to remind the Government of their promises as it was recently illustrated in the case of the late Commissioner of Public Works and the Government cottage. (Hair.) With those views he felt bound to move the previous question. Mr. TOWNSEND seconded the motion for the previous question. He could not agree with the hon. member for West Torrens as to the financial condition of the colony, for there was nothing in the commercial situation of the colony to justify the remark that the times were exceedingly bad, and that they would be worse. Speaking from his. own experience, although there were cases where merchandize was sacrificed by being forced into the market it was not the general character of the mercantile transactions of the colony. There were hon. members in that House connected with the banks, and he would appeal to them to say whether at any time within their experienceengageraentÂ» were better met than at the present time and if they referred to the Local and Insolvent Courts they would see that since 1850 there never had been fewer cases in those Courts- He considered the state of those two Courts was a fair test of-the mercantile position of the colony, which was in a sound state, and with regard to the threatened exodus of the people, he saw no cause to anticipate an exodus. With regard to discontinuing the " Hansard," he did not consider there was any necessity for so doing, and would ask. hon. members if they did not every day see the importance of having their proceedings faithfully recorded? These reports furnished a vast amount of information which was most valuable to hon. members. With regard to the contract, it could not be broken, and if it extended to next session the work must be continued through it and what was done after the specified time must be paid for pr . rats. As to the manner in which the " Hansard " had been conducted, he must say it was not equal in corrects s< to what it was last year. In that day's paper, in reporting the proceedings of the previous day, there was a mistake respecting himself. In following the hon. member for Barossa He was made to say "that it was evident that the hon. member had gone as far as he could with his story, and had left the House to imagine the rest." Whereas, what he did say was " he feared the lady had not sucked out all the taint, for there seemed to be some still left in the system of the hon. member." (Cries of oh, oh.) Speaking of the contract, he would say that he did not believe full and accurate reports of the proceedings could be done for 1500. a year. His- own idea was that it should be done after the style of the British Parliament He believed the present contractors for the "Hansard" wished to do their best in giving full and accurate reports, but his opinion was that they could not do so at the present price, and that it could not be done under 2500. a year. He argued that the House should have full and verbatim reports of their proceedings. With regard to the time when the present system originated, it was at the time of the collision of the two Houses, and it was considered important to have careful reports. With regard to the one paper keeping the other up to the mark, he believed the House had nothing to do with that The " Hansard " he considered most valuable to the members when they went to face their constituents, as they could appeal to that work to satisfy them that they had carried out their duties satisfactorily. The House had granted copies of the " Hansard" to the Mechanics' Institutes, and he could say there was no part of the world where the Parliamentary proceedings were more read than in this colony ; but his idea was that they should be full and accurate reports Mr. N. BLYTH would support the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens, and he thought his reasons in regard to economy were you Ed, and that the House should act in the matter just as a private individual would do when he found there was a necessity to reduce his expenditure. And as a private individual would first ask himself what part of his expenses could be most easily dispensed with, so the House should do, and if it was found that they could do without the Parliamentary reporting, he thought they were bound to save that expense, The question appeared to him to lie in a very small compass, for all that the constituencies needed was to have a record of the attendances and votes of their representatives, and that information was always supplied by the Parliamentary papers and if hon. members, were not content to stand upon their votes and attendances, he did not think the country should be put to further expense about it. He could bear testimony to the able manner in which the reports for the " Hansard " were got up, but it was only an approximation, and he thought it should be no more than an approximation, and, therefore, he could not sympathise with the hon. member for Onkaparinga that they were not full enough. He conceived all that was required in the reports was a fair record of the sentiments and principles of hon. members. As to the argument of the hon. member for the City, Mr. Santo, that the publication of the reports would be a check upon hon. members repudiating their promises that would have some force if the proceedings or the House were conducted in secret; but it could not apply to this case, where the public had the freest access to the proceedings of the House. Then as to the amount of the contract, 1,390. a year was a considerable sum, and they were told by the Treasurer that if the contract was not continued pe -haps on to half of the proceedings of the next session would be reported He considered there need be no practical difficulty here: and as the present was a proper time to consider the question they were much indebted to the hon. member for. West Torrens in bringing the matter forward. With regard to the marks made by the hon. member for Yatala as to the reports keeping the Government up to their promises if he was rightly informed whenever a question was put to the Government the answer was given in writing, which surely was suffi- cient to hold the Government to their promises. Mr. MILNE rose with a copy of the contract in his hand, and said he agreed with his hon. colleague, Mr. Townsend, that the contract was not to determine before the end of the Session, and that, what was done after July would have to be paid for. He read the clause from the contract in confia matron of this statement, and continued that whatever resolution the House might come to that day, nothing could affect the contract and therefore be thou that the question should, with much propriety, stand over to the next session, as it was absolutely certain that whatever resolution they might come to might be altered in the next session. Dr. WARK challenged any hon. member to say that the " Hans ml" gave correct reports of the proceedings He said on many occasions the remarks of hon. members had not been accurately represented, and as to the liberty they ? . had of ? making corrections, for his own part he had not for many a day sent in any corrections. The reports were not verbatim, and they were not correct in a condensed form, and he would as soon take the report in the other paper as the "Hansard." He believed that if the " Hansard "were discontinued they would get as good reports. The proprietors of newspapers would see to that, for a newspaper was a commercial speculation, and the proprietors in furnishing information for their readers would take care to give reports, and would insert what was most valuable to their readers. He knew the newspapers reported more Eddy the speeches of hon. members As hum they liked, but a " Hansard" should report all alike, but while he considered the "Hansard" did not give faithful reports, he thought the motion of the hon. member for West Torrens was prem: ture, and that next session would be the time to take it into const let at ion. It might be that in twelve months considerable alterations might be made. He would, therefore, suggest that the hon. member should withdraw his motion. Mr.. MOR t'HEIT said he did not. think, on the present occasion, it was necessary for him to express a decided opinion on the contract, for the hon. member for Onkaparinga, with that felicity and volubility of speech which he was eminent for, bad clearly shown that the contract could not now be terminated, for if that were done in the next session, that hon. gentleman would be in the predicament described in Hudibras, where "The adventure of the bear and fiddle Was begun- but broke off in the middle," With regard to the reports in the "Hansard," he believed they gave a fair expression of what took place in the house, and he had never, on any occasion, except in some remarks he had made in the discussion on the Real Property Act, thought it necessary to make a single correction, feeling fully assured that his sentiments were fairly represented : besides hon. members knew that they had the power of altering if any inaccuracies were found in the reports. The hon. member. Mr Townsend. had made some observations complaining of the " Hansard." It was possible he bad nor the panic volubility of speech as that hon. member, and had not the same ca. city to speak on all occasions whether he were required or not. he acknowledged he had not the same volubility of speech as that hon member daughter) but that was a defect which he owed to nature, and he supposed UM sort could supply it; but so far from being of the same opinion with the hon. member for Onkaparinga about the insufficiency of the reports, when he went before his constituents again he should take his " Hansard " with him and refer to it to show them how he had discharged his duties, knowing that he acts in the House were fairly represented in those reports. He thought the "Hansard" was particularly valuable to persons living in distant parts of the colony, who, without it, would not be unacquainted with all matters relating to the proceedings of Parliament He hoped his hon. colleague would show the good sense that always distinguished him and withdraw the motion. Mr. A. BLYTH -In reference to the remarks of the Hon. Mr Glyde respecting the Government Cottage, denied that he had broken any promise, because he never made a distinct pledge or promise when in the Government without making a note in writing With regard to the "Hansard'' it was impossible to please all the members in taking down their speeches-, the only effectual way to stop complaint?, so far as he could see, would be to publish the whole of the speeches verbatim, and then he could fancy there would be an immense majority of the House who would be for stop ping the "Hansard-," but the question as it stood was at present perfectly premature, and he hoped the hon. member for West Torrens would withdraw the motion. He understood the contract would not really terminate till April, 1862, a period of nearly two years, and therefore it was quite premature to discuss the question now, but when the proper time arrived he should be prepared to enter fully into the whole question, and therefore he thought it desirable to vote for the previous question unless the motion were withdrawn. Mr. DUTTON thought the present time a very good opportunity to discuss the general policy of having a " Hansard." He had three reasons for which he would support the continuance of the " Hansard " In the first place, he thought it very childish after having gone to the expense of establish- ing it, now to break it off. and that it would be a great waste of money to discontinue it In the next place, with regard to the financial state of the colony, he did not consider it was in a bad condition on the contrary, he believed it the most lightly taxed of any colony, and that it could well, bear double the present taxation, and he thought that they were quite capable of providing any amount of money for necessary purchases. and it as very important to have a record of all ministerial statements. He thought such published statements were most desirable. He did not consider the reports were so much necessary with regard to publishing the speeches of members generally, as they were a record of the ministerial statements; and upon that ground alone he would be prepared to support the continuance of the "Hansard." There were one or two remarks made by the hon. member for Onkaparinga, who said that i of) I. was not enough, to get full and elaborate reports : hut he differed with him in that respect, because he considered the "Hansard" should not contain verbatim reports, but rather that they should be carefully condensed reports, as he considered a carefully condensed report far better than a report of all the verbosity which the hon. member for Onkaparinga was so eminent for and if the hon. member was ambitious to have the 5in speeches delivered by him dealings session, a pair in one or, as. Mr. Dutton, would recommend him to make some private arrangement, in addition to that made by Government; and then he could possibly sleep in peace, satisfied that in due season all his verbosity would be handed down to posterity in all its excellence. With regard to the remarks of the hon. member for West Torrens as to lapdogs. he thought such an interesting scene as they had on the previous day, and to which these remarks applied, was a perfectly proper subject for being reported, because such scenes tended to enliven the- dull and sometimes dreary life of that House; and he could easily imagine a great deal of enjoyment at some future day. of opening a volume of " Hansard" and being reminded by its i class!, of the merry scene enacted yesterday on the Dog Bill. He would make one remark about the liberty the members had to make corrections. He thought if in eri- or-.-irpeared in the newspaper and was only corrected in the .' Hansard," it went forth amongst a large class of persons who never saw the '. Hansard." That was the motive which induced him to rise on a previous occasion. and for which he had been most savagely attack- II by the conductor of the " Hansard." On the occasion alluded to, he had only drawn the attention of the House to the error in the newspaper because he thought it necessary in justice to himself, and he considered he was most unfairly dealt with by the savage attack made upon him by the conductor of the "Hansard." Mr Dutton finished by saying that he considered a condensed report desirable, and was of opinion that the " Hansard " shoul t IK- continue 1, and that the finances of the colony could well bear the" cost. Mr. SUTHERLAND hoped the motion would be withdrawn because there would be another opportunity given for expression of opinion on the point. The want of funds alluded to was not in consequence of the financial position of the colony, but because of the mode of taxation being so greatly reduced, and he hoped dur gg the recess the Ministry would consider this matter with a view of bringing in some measure or adopting some course which would lead to the recovery of the large deficiency caused by the alterations made. "Regarding the "Hansard." be had not at any time been properly reported, and he had not corrected a single proof, but just let them go as they were. He would not bind himself by what was reported in " Hansard.'' (Oh.) His constituency would have to understand that. The report put things into his mouth that he never did say, and he, therefore, would not correct anything, but just let them go. Indeed he could not correct the reports because he did not write his speeches. A newspaper which did not receive anything in the shape of subsidy reported his speeches as well as of Hansard" did, and he, therefore, saw no reason to spend the public money in such a way. Descending, however from a large matter to a small one, the proceedings of the Road Board-(Ianghter)-were as accurately given as the proceedings of that House, which they paid issue. a year for. He hoped, however, the motion would the withdrawn. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said he would now endeavour to answer a question which had been put to the Government, as to whether they would give the House the opportunity of discussing this question before the House met again. He did not see how the Government could accomplish that unless they were to call a special meeting for the purpose in some other place. Regarding the question as to the faithfulness of the reports, he though they could not complain much. He, to- one, was pretty accurately reported. He could say, however, that if the reports were to be made verbatim reports. they would have some rather curious matter sometimes, such, for example, as the discussion of the previous day on ladies' springs, cats, and other little varieties. [Lsught r.] He had never understood before that the contract was for a verbatim print of what occurred, unless it was in a matter where the control of the public purse might be affected As, however, there would be ample time to consider the matter ere the present contract terminated, he hoped the motion would be withdrawn. [Hear.] Mr. GLYDE said, that on a reference to "Hansard" he found that he was wrong in what he had stated with reference to what Mr. A. Blyth had said in connection with the Government cottage. He begged to withdraw the remark. [Hear, hear.] Mr. DUKb'llSlJD would not have said anything on the present occasion had it not been for the first part of the resolution. He did not wish to join a company of croakers. | He thought it would not redound much to the credit of South Australia at home and in the neighboring colonies were it made known that she could not afford to pay for printing the Parliamentary debates in consequence of the financial condition of the colony. He knew there were many speakers of this kind out of doors, but he hoped they would would not admit any such into that House. (Laughter, and hear.) He believed that they were financially in a sound and healthy position, and able to carry out the requirements of the colony whatever those requirements in what be their) and if necessary to record the proceedings of every public institution in the country. He was somewhat surprised at the hon. member for West Torrens setting for til such a reason for this motion, when he considered how short a time it was ago since that hon. member had attempted to get a vote of Sonny. for another object ; without saying one word as to whether the financial position of the country would justify it or not (Hear, hear.) Under all the circumstances he hoped the motion would he withdrawn; especially when they saw that the present contract must continue for at least lvraonthstocoine. llebelievedthepartieswho ad the contract had done their best towards fulfilling it; and if the reports had not been properly given that would be a question between the contractors ant the Treasury benches. (Hear.) There were many reasons which could be adduced as to why there should be properly authenticated records kept of the proceedings of that House. Why it was only in the last session that they had been told by the late Commissioner of Public Works that they were to have a goods station in connection with the Railway Department, and that such goods station was to front North-terrace and to cover an area of 7sec cubic feet, and they had The SPEAKER would point out to the hon. member that he was not in order; that was a matter which was now occupying the attention of a Select Committee of that House. Sir. DUFFIELD would bow of coarse to the ruling of the Speaker, he was merely illustrating the necessity which existed for authenticated records of the proceedings being kept. It was desirable that full and correct reports should be given, not merely to show the constituencies what hon. members said, but also to exhibit what power their arguments might have. Mr. GRUNDY had not intended taking part in a debate which seemed to no purpose, but the hon. mover having thought prudent to couple his name with his opening speech, he felt called upon to notice so singular a procedure, and to compliment the hon. member on possessing the spirit of propha yin pre acting the course he (Mr. Grundy) was likely to take on the question. If he (Mr. Magarey) thought the line he had adopted was the one to influence his vote, it showed he had as little knowledge of the world as he had of his, Mr. Grundy's, true character. [Hear. | He thought the "Hansard" valuable and indispensable as a book of reference in keeping hon. members to their professions and Cabinets to the principles on which they took office. [Hear.] As for the argument that we had formerly done without a " Hansard," it was as absurd as to argue that a man who had used a waistcoat ought to leave it off because he had formerly done without it. If he was biassed in favor of the press it was because he knew its value. [Hear.] It was not, however, because he drew to see himself in print, but that he might be able to refer to the sayings of other members. [Hear.] With respect to the existing " Hansard" he would merely remark that it was r spectably conducted. though capable of improvement and as for the It register it explicitly stated that It professed only to give its readers an epitome of the debates and that epitome, was - a creditable one. _ If he was only half reported in one pa ed, he found the deficiency supplied in the other, so that between the two he got fully repaid ted. (Laughter.) If the hon, mover thought he felt any interest In seeing his speeches on record he was much deceived, for be rarely perused or even opened his "Hansard," and had never yet corrected it Indeed, he had never yet made a speech. (Oh.) His speeches were merely comments on others, and would not measure eighteen inches altogether. (On, and laughter.) The hon. mover had intimated that we were steeped in hopeless poverty. He could take no such hopeless view of the country. He believed Providence was again smiling on the land, and that we had touched the bottom. (Hear, hear The Insolvent and other Courts bore testimony to the fact; and when we contemplate the approaching harvest, our opening mines, the great staple of the land we >!, and the growing demand for our wines, be saw no just grounds for language on the part of the hon. member so detrimental to our interests and so desponding. (Hear ) With respect to " Hansard," there was another House which might prefer having its debates recorded and seeing ours on record, as we might theirs, and it would be hardly decorous to legislate without any reference to the Upper House. [Hearts He would console himself under the sarcasm and insinuation of the mover, and the member for the City, Mr. Santo, by setting against these the noble-minded compliment of an antecedent political antagonist, the hon. member for West Torrens, Mr. Morphett whose handsome amende honorable a few days ago he hoped long to remember. He fully concurred in the sentiments of the hon. member for Light that it was not wise that pleasantry and wit should be banished from the debates of that House. Hon. members were mistaken who thought that any course they might take towards him would induce him to change his usual mode of treating su meets for the mind and manners of a misanthropist, or to adopt the dis- cordant drone of a Scotch bagpipes [Laughter.] Mr SANTO would ask why the hon. member had particularly alluded to him. He would ask that question of the hon. member. The SPEAKER The hon. member can't ask the question ; he may make any statement. Mr. SANTO would, then, say that he did not refer particularly to the hon, member, nor even to hon. members in general. He had not mentioned the hon. member's name, but had merely made a general remark, that there were plenty of grey-headed old men who were as full of vanity as they could be. (Hear.) Mr. GLYDE would also explain. He had not referred to the hon. member for Barossa either indirectly or other wise. Mr. MAGAREY said he could only agree with the hon. member for Barossa a on one point, and that was that he never read his speeches and if the hon. member did not read them himself he could assure him that he, Mr. Magarey, did not. (Laughter.) Regarding the financial position of the colony, it could not be denied that the revenue had ! greatly fallen off. He would not now occupy the time of the House long, Indeed it was unnecessary consider- ing what he intended to to before he sat down. (Hear, hear.) Regarding what had been said by the hon. member for the Port that hon. member appeared to have misunderstood him. He could assure the House that he had no idea of introduc- ungainly motion which we did have the effect of limiting in any way the freedom of the press. [The hon. member proceeded at some length, but owing to the noise in the House at the time we could not hear his remarks.] He was sorry the hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Townsend, was not in his place. That hon. member had that day knocked him down, and he was now no doubt carrrying on the trade of a knocking down somewhere else. (Laughter.) He could, however, assure that hon member that he, Mr. Magarey, was not at all jealous of his powers of speech, and I he certainly thought that hon. member had gone a little bit out of his way to inform the House that he, Mr. Magarey, was no orator. He imagined the House were pretty well aware of that fact before. (Hear.) He was not in the least jealous of the hon member's abilities, and he could assure him he would much rather not have to stand in his, Mr. Townsend's shoes, for if he had, he was afraid they would pinch his toes. (Laughter.) The hon member had said that the contract should not be renewed under 2,5 I so as to insure verbatim reports. He, Mr. Magarey, was of opinion that the sum already voted was too great and if anything should be reduced. As, however. He was told that the present contract would not expire until the ensuing session, he would withdraw the motion on the understanding that Government would not make any other arrangements before the matter was brought again before the House. 1 Hear,) Mr. GRUNDY said that after the explanation of the hon. member for the City, Mr. Santo, that his remarks upon g. ey headed men were intends generally, a d not with any reference to members in that House, he wished to withdraw the comments he had made upon them. (Hear.) The question that the motion be withdrawn was then put and carried. I MAIN ROADS MAP. Mr. DUNN, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) who drew the map of main roads attached to the Main Roads Bill, that was laid on the table of this House on the 22nd of May last and who ordered it to be drawn in its present form The reason he asked this question was that this document had been handed to the Municipal and District Councils generally, and had been found by them to be incorrect. Some of them had got angry about it, and harsh expressions had been made use of in some cases about the public records of the colony having been altered to suit the objects of certain parties, and so forth. (Oh.) He would, therefore, ask the hon, the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) who drew the plans, and, if I he error was made through ignorance, who was responsible? (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS said, regarding any statement which the hon. member might have heard in reference to any attempt having been made to falsify the public records, he could only say that it was unfounded. (Hear.) It was some time now since the plans were prepared, and it was a difficult matter to obtain all the particulars ; however, he would give this answer That the sketch of main roads, referring to the Main R >ads Bill, laid on the table of the House on the 22nd May last, was altered from a plan forming part of Council Paper No. 125 of 1859, that plan formin r the basis of the one attached to and having been proposed by the Road Board. The Road Board plan seems to have been chiefly taken from a Council Paper plan of 1857. The person who drew that plan is unknown now The alterations made by the Surveyor General to make the present plan uniform with the new Road Bill, are believed to be correct. EXPLORATION. Mr. GRUNDY, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration (Mr. Bagot) whether he intends to take any notion this year in the further exploration of the country west of Streaky Bay?" The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS replied, no sum of money has been placed on the Estimates of this year for the purpose of exploring the country west of Streaky Bay. The Government, however, intend to take some steps for the further exploration of that country, which will, they hope, involve very slight expense. WELLS KING IN THE NORTH. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said he was now in a position to reply to the question which had been put to him several days before by the hon. member for the Light, Mr. Dutton. " On the 16th March, t8Bn, Mr. Goyder reported that the first well had been sunk 44 feet-the salt water coming in very strongly nearly the whole way down, and requiring to be kept out by a timber framing and clay puddle; the saline taste had, however, there ceased. Mr. Goyder expressed his disappointment at the progress made by the superintendent of party of well sinkers. 16th April Mr. Goyder recommended the dismissal of the Superintendant of the party, in consequence of the unsatisfactory progress of the work, the well (No. 1) at that date only having been sunk in all so feet, the remains ter of the time having been occupied in timbering the sides of the well, and paid . ling to keep the salt out ; this had been so badly done that it had to be effected afresh. 26th May,' Mr. Goyder reported that the well had to be abandoned and filled up in consequence of the salt water pouring in rapidly, and the sides giving way, thereby rendering it useless for the men to go down. Another well had been commenced about 4 of yards from the East, and sunk to Mr. Goyder's satisfaction to the same depth as the best well, and in about one fourth of the time. Shire the 28th May, no information has been received from Mr. Goyder, as to the progress of the well sinking There had, therefore, been only one well sunk to the depth of 55') feet up to the 28th May hut; the progress of the party since that date has not yet been known." LICENSED VICTUALLERS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. DUTTON said he would take this opportunity of asking the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands whether the proclamation of hundreds would be printed with the | other returns in reference to the declarations made by the Government. Regarding the Licensed Victuallers Act Amendment Bill, he would not be prepared to proceed with that, because it had not yet been printed : if the Clerk could inform him when the Bill would be out of the hands of the printer, he would move that it be proceeded with on a future day. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN L VXDS replied he had no objection to print the proclamations of the various hundreds. He might state that the return was a very voluminous one, and would not be laid upon the table of the House for some time yet. The SPEAKER informed the hon. member that the Licensed Victuallers Bill would be ready on that day week. Mr. DUTTON would then move that the second reading of the Bill be made an Order of the Day for that day week. TELEGRAPH STATION AT AUBURN. Mr. COGLIN, pursuant M notice, asked the hon, the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) if it is the intention of the Government to erect a telegraph station at Auburn The reason he asked this question was, that parties resident in the township of Auburn had informed him that the Government had promised, that 12 months after the telegraph was opened to the Burra, the line would be extended to * uburn. '1 his had not been done, and therefore he now asked the question. Hear. ) The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC. WORKS replied It as not the intention of the Government to erect -a Telegraph Station at Auburn during the present year, but rather to wait the result of 12 months' experience of the amount of business at Clare, and other country stations ; should that prove satisfactory, it would justify the Government in giving telegraphic communication to Auburn and other parts of the colony. METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS. Mr. COGLIN, pursuant to notice, asked the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay J if it is the intention of Government that instructions should be given to the telegraph station-masters throughout the colony, requiring them to record and transmit to Adelaide, at stated hours daily, the following meteorological observations in their several localities-the direction and force of the wind ; the state of the weather ; the height of the barometer and thermometer ; together with such other particulars as may be deemed necessary for the extension of the science of meteorology, and as a means of forewarning masters of vessels leaving outports of approaching danger. He was induced to ask this question because he was informed that there had been an excellent apparatus placed in the hands of the various station-masters, and it would be a great boon to all parties if the result of observations taken were regularly published, especially to masters of vessels in leaving the port. A vessel going out through Backstairs Passage, for instance, it would be a first-rate thing for the captain to be informed before starting of the state of the weather. He would ask the question. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS said, that in anticipation of the question of the hon. member for the Port [Mr. Coglin i, he had had a report drawn up which he would now lay on the table, and move that it should be read. He might state that the Superintendent of Telegraphs was doing all in his power to establish a record of the information sought for. He would now move the reading of the report. Carried. The CLERK then read the report, as follows: " Observatory and Telegraph Department, Chief Office, Adelaide, Sep. 4. 1868. "Sir-Referring to the question of which the the hon member for the Port, Mr. Coglin, has given notice, relative to the transmission of certain meteorological returns by telegraph, I have the honor to inform you that my attention has from the first been directed to the importance of establishing an extended system of meteorological observations, facilities for which are offered in connection with the telegraph, and on my recommendation a supply of first-rate instruments, all carefully tested and compared with the Greenwich standards, under the kind superintendence of the Astronomer Royal and Mr. Glaister, has been recently procured from England. " Within the last month I have placed a complete set of instruments at both Guichen Bay and Mount Gambier ; also, a rain gauge and dry and wet bulb thermometers at Penola Other stations will be supplied as soon as my engagement will allow of my absence for the purpose of giving the necessary preliminary instructions. " Each of the following stations will have a complete set of instruments, including one standard barometer, self registering dry and wet bulb thermometer, and plain gauge, viz., Adelaide Observatory. Goolwa, Guichen Hay, Mount Gambier, Strathalbyn, Kapunda, Clare and unless I can find a suitable person to take charge of a set at Port Augusta), Mount Barker, At Penola, Port Elliot, Willunga, Gawler Town, Kooringa, and Port Augusta, of Mount Barker, I shall be able to place a rain gauge, and a dry and wet bulb thermometer. Regular daily observations at 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. will be maintained at each station, and I propose, with the approval of the Government, to publish the observations in quarterly. and annual reports. I had also intended arranging as quickly as possible for daily telegraphic reports from certain selected stations of the barometer, temperature of the air, direction and force of the wind, and the general state of the weather; and on the completion of the second intercolonial wire. I hope to | arrange with Professor Neumayer and the Rev. W. Scott for similar telegraphic reports of all atmospheric phenomena from the different stations in Victoria and New South Wales. I am glad also to add that several gentlemen in this colony have offered to co-operate with me, and to supply monthly returns of rain fall, &c.; " I have, a, CHARLES TODD. " Observer and Superintendent of Telegraphs. ' To the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works." MR. JOHN HISCOCK. Mr. BAKEWELL moved that the petition presented by him to the House, in the case of John Hiscock, be read. The petition was read accordingly. ! Mr. BAKEWELL then said, in moving the motion standing in his name "That this House will, on Friday, 7th September, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause a sum of 2000. to be placed on any Supplementary Estimates for the year 1860-81, for the purpose of compensating John Hiscock for injuries received by an accident on the Queen's high ay." he felt with the petitioner that no such cases should be brought before the High Court of Parliament until every other means had been adopted that could be. The petitioner in this case had done all that he could do. He had great injuries to complain of, and great wrongs that had to be re- dressed. The case he had to submit was as follows :-In the month of March last the petitioner was a resident at Pen- rice. He was a man of blameless life, and respected among a large circle of friends. [Hear.] He had occasion to travel to Gumeracha, and he had, in returning, approached a cutting, which was then being made under the orders of the Central Road Board, or on a contract under that body, at all events; and in consequence of this cutting and the darkness of the night the petitioner had received very severe injuries. He was going along the road, and observing a sudden ascent he had gone to the horse's head with a view of watching against danger, when he found himself suddenly precipitated down a ten feet cutting, and received such injuries as incapacitated him from doing his duty or from gaining his living for aeon, siderable time. His wife and child also sustain d severe injuries. Imm dintely, or as soon as possible afterwards, he had made a complaint to the contractor but was told that that officer was not responsible, as there was no clause in the contract in reference to any precautions being taken. He then asked and obtained leave to inspect the specifications, and from those he found that there was indeed no provision for a light to be placed at this spot, or any other precaution taken, so that it, was quite impossible to make the contractor liable. Seeing this the petitioner had come menaced by laying an action against Mr. Sutherland as Chairman of the Central Road Board, and the case was brought on the hearing on the 25th day of January list in he Supreme Court, and after a full and impartial trial occupying from morning till late in the afternoon, the Jury declared a verdict for the plaintiff with damages 150. Immediately after the trial, however, a point was raised as to the liability of the Central Road Board. The point was reserved, and afterwards argued, when the Judge gave judgment to the effect that the Central Road Board were not liable for the damages The petitioner had then exhausted every means of obtaining redress, and his only resource was to apply to the high Court of Parliament He had stated the case, and as he imagined he would have the right of reply (hear, hear) he would not further The SPEAKER said the hon. member would have no right of reply, as this was an Order of the Day. Mr BAKEWELL would then proceed at once, and he might state that he had seen the petitioner and his wife some three days after the accident had occurred and he would state that they were most seriously injured, the petitioner being a cripple for a long period, and for fourteen days utterly unable to attend to his regular business. He had seen him at his residence at Gumeracha, and on the same day he had seen Mr. Hardy, the Surveyor to the Road Board, who had informed him that he might apply to the contractors for compensation for the injuries sustained and that the Board always stipulated in making contracts, that precautions should be used by which the public might be informed of the existence of any dangerous cutting upon the road. No such precaution, however, appeared in this case to have been taken. (The hon. member here referred at length to the evidence given at the trial.) He might state that he had heard it rumored out of doors that five of the jurymen were for giving the plaintiff 500., and li of the Jurymen were in favor of giving 2500. damages... It was also rumored that the three Judges were not unanimous in their opinion with reference to the points reserved ; this, however, was only rumour, but it was pretty well confirmed by the fact that 51 days were consumed in arriving at a decision upon the subject (The hon. member again quoted at length from the evidence in reference to other accidents which had nearly happened, and the general danger of the place ; he also I read a letter from the petitioner, setting forth what he had suffered, and the loss he had sus- tained.) He then left the matter in the hands of the House. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to oppose the motion. It was true that the petitioner had sustained great injuries, and that a jury had given him heavy damages e, but a question had arisen as to who were liable for those damages, and the Judges had decided against the petitioner If they were to sanction such applications as the present, there would be no end to the cases which would be brought before the House. It was the duty of the House to uphold the law, and if the law required alteration they must alter ft. To sanction such a case as the present would, however, be a most dangerous precedent. If the mo son had been for a Select Committee, the House would then have the whole facts of the case. As it was, he did not see that any advantage would arise from simply going into Committee'. Mr. SUTHERLAND said as his name had been mixed up in this matter he would say a few words. Neither the Road Board nor himself had any personal feeling in the matter. When an application was made to the Burra for i os. they had refused. The mistake had been that Hiscock had raised the action against the wrong party. He thought Mr. Hiscock should have raised an action against the contractor before he came to the House. He believed the cutting was not on the road at all, but that the complainant had deviated from the road. If the House should give damages in this case it would be laying a dangerous precedent. He wished to explain this as his name had been brought forward. [Hear.] Mr. LINDSAY would support the motion for a Committee. The arguments of the Attorney-General had rather confirmed him in his belief that the case was one which was deserving attention. The Atto ney-General had said that it would be a very bad precedent to establish. It was true that the House had nothing before them at present but what had been done in another place. It had been shown that severe injuries had been sustained, and the House should go into Committee on the matter without putting the petitioner to any expense for a Select Committee. It had been shown that a citizen, a respectable man, had suffered a grievous wrong through the action of some one, and he ought to receive compensation. They had before them the verdict of the Jury in favor of the petitioner. This has been upset in law, but in equity he was entitled to compensa- tion. It was also brought forward by the lion, in aver that proper precautions should be taken on these roads ander the Beard, and this had not been done, and gross injustice had been suffered by the petitioner He thought the House should go into Committee and e quite as far as possible into th - matter ( Hear, hear.) Mr DUFFIELD said had the hon, mover moved for a Select Committee he would have supported him. He did not be a ever think th a. should vote away the public money without < inquiry It had been said that this accident had arisen through the negligence of the Central RIM i Board, and this was one reason why he would not .bjecttotbe Select Co omitted From the evidence adduced at the trial he believed the man was not upon the road at the time of the accident. The hon member alluded to one or two discrepancies in the evidence, and said that there was also negligence on the Side of the petitioner, for had he carried lamps he would not have tumbled into the hole. He would vote against the motion The TRE VAUTIER would support a motion for a Select Committee, but would oppose the motion before the House. The case had been fully gone into, and he did notseetlu-y could sell it more information in Committee, as they could call no evidence Mr. GRUNDY did not see what good a Select Committee would do. All the evidence that could be brought forward, had been brought forward, and a verdict for the plaintiff had been given, damages 250. This evidence was conclusive evidence to his mind that the man was entitled to compensation. He- would support he motion Mr. DALE would support the motion but he should like to see the hon. mover withdraw the motion and move for a Select Committee. He could not endorse the sentiments of the Attorney-General to the effect that this House should not give what could not be obtained by-a Court of law. If the hon. member pressed to redivision he would support him he hoped the hon. member would, however, not do so, but withdraw the motion and move for a Select < 'o,n-iiit,te-j. He believed that the expense of the Select Committee would not be great, and it would be the proper way to obtain an in vestigation of the case [Hear.] Tile COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS did not see that any of further information could be brought before the House. Before a Select Committee evidence might be taken, but before a Committee of the whole House they could not have any further information. As he understood the case, it was not upset upon the point of law, but upon the question as to who was liable. [Hear He agreed that the man had suffered very severely, and he should like to see him compensated. Perhaps it would be better that the motion should he withdrawn, and that the surveyors and the Road Board should come to some arrangement to compensate the party. [Hear, hear.] The motion was then put and carried, and a division was called for, which resulted as follows: - AYES 11. Messrs. A, Blyth,, Coglin, Dale, Dunn, Grundy. Lennon, Lindsay, Owen, Peacock, Santo, and Bakewell, (teller.) NOES 13. The Attorney-General Commissioner of Crown Lands, Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. N. Blyth, Dutton, Glyde, Hallett, Milne. Morphett, Parkin, Townsend, Wark, and the Treasurer (teller.) MARINE BOARD BILL. In Committee. The preamble was postponed. I Mr. LINDSAY said before any motion was passed upon the clauses of this Bill, he should like to make a few remarks. He was desirous of obtaining the opinion of the House, and especially the legal members of it upon certain clauses which appeared to him to be contrary to the Constitution Act. There were certain Acts, Imperial Acts, which were law over all the British possessions, and of these Acts the Merchants' Shipping Act was one. This Act therefore, being law already, he did not see the propriety of incorporat- ing any portion of it in this Act. He 'The CHAIRMAN said the hon. member was out of order in making these general remarks. The TREASURER pointed out that the hon. member might properly make his remarks when the 3rd clause came on for discussion. Mr. LINDSAY would of course bow to the ruling of the Chairman. Clauses l and 2 "were then put and passed. Clause 3. '. Construction." The TREASURER suggested that the hon. member for Encounter Bay could now make his remarks. Mr. LINDSAY merely wished to say that in incorporating certain clauses from the Merchant Shipping Act they were acting in an unconstitutional manner, inasmuch as what was Imperial law already should not be legislated on by that House under any pretence whatever. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that if such an objection was to hold good, there were many clauses in the new Insolvent Act and other Acts beside, which were invalid, as they were adaptations from Imperial Acts. The object in such cases was to fall late reference. (Hear) There could be no harm in following in the wake of English legislation. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MORPHETT said it was really quite delightful to bear the hon. member, Mr. Lindsay, deferring to the opinion of the legal profession. (Laughter.) The Attorney-General really appeared to be getting quite nautic ii when he talked about following in the wake of English legislation. (Laughter.) So far the observations which had been made were correct. He hoped the Bill would be proceded with. (Hear. ) Mr. MILNE thought the Merchant Shipping Act in all its clauses could not apply to the colony. Only such clauses as were adapted by colonial legislation could hold good. Mr. PARKIN asked for the interpretation of the terms ] "jetsam," "flotsam," "logan," and "derelict," made use of in this clause. (Laughter.) The TREASURER said he believed they referred to floating; goods left by vessels, and also to goods left behind at any particular port. Mr. GR NDY believed "jetsam" meant sunk goods, 4 flotsam" floating goods, and that '-log-am' and " derelict" were merely synonymous terms. (Hear, hear.) The clause was passed as pi acted. Clause 4 Date of Act coming into operation. The TREASURER moved that the Act take effect from the first day of November, 1860. Mr. MORPHETT thought the Act should come into operation earlier. It looked as if the Treasurer, despite his liberal programme, was desirous of collecting dues as long as possible. The TREASURER proposed this date, because he did not see how the Acre and pass through both Houses of Legislature before. Passed as amended. Clause 5 passed as printed. Clause 6. Gover: nor may Incorporate Marine Board. The TREASURER moved certain verbal amendments. Mr. A. BLYTH suggested that the rate of remuneration to be paid to members of this Board should be fixed. The TREASURER thought that it was not advisable to insert the amount of pay to be given in the Act. Mr. MORPHETT did not think any pay should be given. There would be plenty of gentlemen found patriotic enough to undertake the duties of this Board without 1 fining my emolument. If members of the Board were to be paid, they might as well adopt the suggestion of the hon. member, Mr. Grundy, an ! pay hon. members of that House. (Laughter.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS pointed out that there was a high honor attaching to that House, which would not belong to this Board. He certainly thought the members should be paid for their services. Mr. O AVEN would like to ask the Treasurer whether the title of the Chairman would be President or Chairman. It was both ways in the Act . The TREASURER replied that the title would be that of President. Mr. OWEN suggested that the Harbour Master should be a member of the Board. The TREASURER said that would be a somewhat aRoma lous position, as the Harbour Master was a servant to the Board. Mr. A. BLYTH would ask what was the proposedxemune ration to members of the Board. The TREASURER replied that the members of the Board would receive one guinea per sitting. Those in the Government service would receive no fees. Mr. COGLIN asked if the Harbour Master was the servant of the Government or the Board. The TREASURER replied that he was the servant of the Government, though in many respects amenable to the Board. Mr. OWEN would move an amendment that the Board consist of the Harbour Master and four Wardens. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL pointed out that this was a most anomalous position, as the Harbor Master b came both master and s servant. He would have to adjudicate in many instances on his own actions. Such an appointment would be undesirable. Mr. GRUNDY hoped the Harbor Master would be kept an independant officer. It might happen that he would have to perform duties unpalatable to the members of the Board, and which would bring them into collision. He thought the Government should have him wholly in their hands. [Heard Mr. LINDSAY hoped every Government officer at the Port would be made amenable to this Board. Mr. SUTHERLAND would move that all Boards should be paid alike. (Laughter) The proposition before them would give this Board more than the members of another Board. He thought all should be placed on an equal footing. Mr. A. BLYTH thought the sum proposed was little enough, but should be inserted in the clause. He would move that it be so inserted. The TREASURER had no objection to this. The CHAIRMAN said that the hon. member could not move the fixing of a salary in a Bill; such a motion should come from a member of the Government. Mr. MORPHETT said the salaries would be fixed in the Estimates. (Hear.) Mr. OAVEN would press his amendment. The Collector of Customs was appointed, and he thought the Harbor Master should also have a seat. The CHAIRMAN said the Collector of Customs was not appointed. The h JIL member was out of order in making such a remark. Mr. OWEN would press his amendment, that the Board consist of the Collector of Customs, the H Harbor-Master, and four Wardens. Mr. MORPHETT said the hon. member for the Feejee he begged pardon, the Port -[laughter] spoke particularly on behalf of a gentleman for whom he, Mr. Morphett had a great respect, but whom he thought it would be ridiculous to make a member of the Board, when the Board were to control him. He had no doubt the hon. member had a great respect for Mr. Quin, as he himself had, but he must not allow his feelings towards his valuable constituent to lead him to do what was manifestly improper. [Laughter ] The TREASURER said if Mr. Quin was made a member of the Board they would have to deprive him of his office of Harbor-Master, in which he was most efficient He did not suppose that the hon. member wished this. Mr. OWEN would not press his motion, which he had only moved in order to secure the services of good men. Mr Quin had never spoken to him on the subject, nor had he mentioned it to Mr. Quin. The clause was passed as amended. On the motion of the TREASURER, the 65th clause Marine Board subject to Treasurer, was here introduced and passed, to follow clause 6. The TREASURER said he would now propose that clause 189-" Board may appoint officers," be here introduced. (Laughter ) Mr PARKIN thought if the Treasurer went on at this rate he soon would not be able to recognise his own child. (Laughter ) The TREASURER said he had the child all right. (Loud laughter ). He proposed a few verbal amendments. Mr. DUFFIELD moved that the word "solicitor" be struck out ; the Crown Solicitor could do the work. The amendment was carried, and the clause as amended passed. C cause 9. Marine Board to be the department to superintend all matters relating to the preservation of the ports, and the regulation of shipping and seamen. Mr. A. BLYTH proposed an amendment to compel the Board to make arrangements for the due and proper discharge of ships within a reasonable period of their arrival. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the shipping regulations would define a course to be pursued when delay occurred. Mr. A. BLYTH would press the amendment. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the Board would have to propose a bye-law to this effect The amendment had better '-be introduced in the clauses relating to bye-laws. Mr. MILNE thought all the regulations should be subject to the approval of the Government, with the advice of the Executive Council. The TREASURER said there were various clauses scattered through this Bill in reference to by-laws ; however. by-laws could not be passed without the advice and consent of the Governor and the Executive Council. Mr. LINDSAY thought regarding the suggestion of the hon. member, Mr. A. Blyth, it would do more harm on one side, than good on the other. Mr. MORPHETT thought the discharging of goods was a matter of con- test between the shipper and the skipper They could not interfere with contracts made between parties perhaps in England. Mr. A. BLYTH had no doubt the matter could be equitably arranged if left to the Board He seldom went to the Chambers Commerce, however, without this matter being brought forward as a great Grievance. He had himself had to go to his solicitor on several occasions in reference to this detention of goods on board ships, and he found always that the evils which would attend a remedy were worse than the disease. The practical difficulties could be overcome by introducing a clause in this Act. Mr. MORPHETT said the great evil appeared to be that the her member for Gumeracha had to go to his solicitor slaughter)- and that hated word, that ghost, had frightened him from his propriety. (Laughter.) They could not make an enactment for this, however ; other people had to go to their solicitors too. (Laughter.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, if there was anything inserted in this Act which would tend to vitiate contracts made by bills of lading or otherwise in England, the Home Government would not consent to it. He could not see that the clause could he inserted. Mr. MILNE thought the power proposed would be a dangerous power to place in the hands of any Marine Board. He could not. support it. Mr. DUFFIELD would support the amendment He had himself suffered from the inconvenience of goods being detained on shipboard. It was a growing evil, and something ought to be done. Mr. OAVEN was not surprised at the course the discussion was taking. He thought the Board should have power to enforce the delivery of goods within a reasonable time. He would support the motion. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said no doubt parties experience very considerable difficulty in getting their goods, and captains of vessels consulted their own convenience, but he knew of no way in which the views of the hon. member could he carried out. The TREASURER said the Government would have to oppose the amendment, because they did not see that it could be carried out Mr. A. BLYTH recapitulated the evils arising from the system now pursued. The matter was a most important one and something should be done in regard to it he would suggest that, the House resume and the Attorney General take time to reconsider the matter. The TREASURER thought what the hon. member wished wis include 1 in the clause. He would, however, agree to the s suggestion of the hon. member, and would move that the House now resume. The House then resumed, the Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Friday next. APPROPRIATION' BILL. The TREASURER moved that the Appropriation Bill be an Order of the Day for to- morrow. Mr. GLYDE objected to this motion. He did not see why the Bill should be carried on so quickly when they were informed that they would be six weeks longer sitting. Besides, there were several measures not yet before the House. Dr. WARK also objected to this Bill being pushed so rapidly forward On a former occasion the Treasurer had raised his voice against this Bill being brought forward before the close of the session The TREASURER said in former Acts of this kind they were improperly brought forward, because the financial year had not commenced. The financial year was now running on, and was it necessary that the Bill should be brought forward. Mr. MORPHETT opposed the Bill being introduced so soon. The Superannuation Fund and many other measures were not yet before the House. So soon as the play was over he should like to see the curtain drop, but as yet there were sundry other acts to be performed and they all desired to witness them before the finale was introduced. When they were over he would be glad to see the curtain drop and say good day to he Treasurer (Laughter.) Mr. MILNE was surprised at the hon. member proposing to pass the Appropriation Bill, considering there were several Acts not even laid on the table of the House. Mr. GLYDE again rose, when The SPEAKER called him to order. He had already spoken. ' Mr. GLYDE would humbly submit The SPEAKER -The hon. member is out of order. The TREASURER rose - Mr. GLYDE thought the Treasurer was out of order ; he had spoken three times. The SPEAKER said the Treasurer was in order. The TREASURER had not spoken three times, but had merely replied to questions put to him. He Mr. A. BLYTH, if the Treasurer was replying, wished first to make a remark. [Hear.] The THE ASURER-A11 right. Mr A. BLYTH would simply move that the Bill be read that day fortnight Mr DUFFIELD thought it was hardly safe for the Government to go on without this Bill was passed, or at least a general indemnity. There were various Boards who did not apply for monies simply became there was no Appropriation Act TheTREASURERsaidhedidnot, in moving that the Bill be printed, wish to shrink from the responsibility of any of his premises He would not desire to shirk the business, because the Appropriation Act was passed. Resealing the superannuation Bill and other measures, they would be laid upon the the table as soon as printed. He would make the reading of the Bill Tuesday instead of to-morrow, M . Blyth's amendment was then put, when The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to order; it had not been seconded. Dr. AVARIC - T'H second the amendment The ATTORNEY GENERAL -It is too late you can't The motion was then put and the Ayes had it; a division was called for, resulting as follows: AYES, 12. The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Dale, Duffield. Dunn, Grundy, Lindsay, Owen, Parkin, Peacock, and the Treasurer [teller.] NOES. 6. Messrs. N. Blyth, Glyde, Milne, Morphett, Wark. and A. Blyth [teller.] The House then adjourned till half-past 1 this day. 