TROTTING FOR £20.-SWEEP- STAKES. j THIS event, of which, notice was given in our i columns sonic time ago, came off on Thursday last. On the morn- ing of the race tnc sporting fraternity of Grafton were on the gui vive, expect- ing an exciting hurst, for front thc pams taken by some oí the owners . to get their horses in good buckle, it was naturally concluded a fine race would ensue. In this, however, we, amongst many others, were most miserably dis- appointed. Tlie conditions of the race, as originally agreed upon and taken down by .ourselves, were that Messrs. Jones, Shoveller, Sabien, and Holt (our -Sporting Auctioneer) would trot their respective horses 3 times round the race course, each of those gentlemen back- ing their' horses for £5, play or pay, making altogether .?20, the winner to have the whole. At the same time the horses to trot were named, as follows : Mr. Shoveller named Mr. Allcup's Bessy, Mr. Jones named Cripple, Mr. Sabien named Lop-ear, arid Mr. Holl named Buttercup. On Thursday morn, kg, at ll o'clock, the above named gentlemen met at the Royal Hotel, when to bur great surprise wc found il wa9 likely that there would be no race Messrs. Shoveller and Sabien declining .to trot .on .thc .ground that their lioreci were not in condition. A ' great dea of altercation ensued, Bessy and Lop Ear backing out, arid the game littli Buttercup coaxing them on to conn arid have a race for the money. How ever it was no go, her ladyship's per suasions being of no avail, Bessy am Lop-car shewing thc white fcathei Cripple and Butterfly then had.a littl small talk. Cripple was extremely po- lite to her ladyship ; would rather ex- cuse himself keeping her .company that morning.; he «was .quite as ¡unwell as either ¡Bessy or Lop-ear:; hut upon ¡her ladyship informing him-that if he -did not race !he' would have to 'forfeit, m well as the others, he got excessively hounceahle and determined to have a shy for the twenty. Judge and Um- pires being appointed, Mr. M'Fadden as Judge, Mr. Amery as ' Umpire for Holt, arid Mr. Hann for-Jones, the horses, Cripple and Buttercup, started. Cripple gallantly shewed¿Buttercup.thc I road for about 300 yards, when,Butter- cup coming with a^stíheliinmcdiately broke, arid from trai'woniêKfit was all U P with him, he not having the ghost of a chance. To describe the racc'farther is unnecessary. Buttercup went dan- cing merrily along, improving her lead at every step, when Cripple was pulled up after going twice round, Buttercup' thereby winning the race with the great- est ease. ? ; . .?'>? ? . .. .. . ' Buttercup -is ia M'Leay river bred mare, very fast,b"ronght toihis town by Mr. .Walsh, with' a lot of /horses from that riverland sold at .public auction hy Mr. Holt. .MivArcher .was the pur the hands of Mr. Holt, and judging by the money she is winning him moat likely to remain. AFTER the above there were a couple of very ' smart Hurry Scurry Races, which in some measure compensated for the disappointment in the Trotting' Match. The horses were ridden by youths, and the first race was taken in - mst rate style by Mr. M'Fadden's son. The second race was equally as good as j the first, arid won by Mr. Haines' horse .beating .Mr. Smith's Pony by half a length, the others close up. There .were a .great many people pre- sent, who appeared highly satisfied at the result of the two last races. Since then she hastpas'scd into 