THE NORTHERN" GOLD FIELDS. THE ROCKY RIVER. [from OCR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] Last week we were favoured with heavy rain, which came in good season, and now all the waterholes are replenished, and piles of washing stuff which had been accu mulating for weeks are,rapidly diminishing. Parties who had been engaged in drawing headings out of the old claims on Mount Jones, for the purpose of sluicing, have also been realising the fruits of their labours, but I am sorry to say there seems to be no spirit for prospecting at present. The miners are content to grub in the old work ings, where they may be seen like ghosts of misers haunting the chambers that once contained their rifled treasures. Not even the prospect of a share in the thousand pounds to be- mbtaiaed by Mr. Hoskius from the Assembly, as prizes for enterprise, can induce the youngest and ablest to rough it in the bush and break new ground. | Messrs. Francis and party are still ham mering at the stone in their shaft on Church Hill, the sinking continuing very hard. Dodgers' Rush, is finished, and the Chinese diggings' behind Champion's do not appear to be going ahead, so that we are much in jfcant of some fresh stimulus to our energies,*.. The School gp the Rocky River has beeu kept alive since ^ilflfcommeuceruent merely by the small fees paid by the pupils, hut I am happy to state that Mr. Leece has received a communication from the Secretary to the Board of Education, in forming him that the school in future will be classed in the list of non-vested schools, and that the teacher will receive a salary of £5 per month, and also that a supply of books will be forwarded for the pupils. We are muiuly indebted to the exertions of our active mining representative for this important result. The schoolmaster, Mr. Park, intends indulging the scholars with a juvenile ball on Thursday evening, when a number of the parents and other friends of the institution intend patronising the minikin assembly with their presence, and, according to all accounts, there will be no limit to the cake and sherbet to increase tbe enjoyment. Mr. Park seems to have great tact, and a happy knack in conciliating and encouraging his pupils. The Rockyites, being great potato eaters, sadly feel the want of a regular supply of that esculent being brought to market. Other vegetables seem to be equally scarce. Whether it be from au increased taste for pork or the scarcity of feed I know not, but from the many death-shrieks I have heard lately I hope there is a cbauee of us getting partially rid of one of our ten plagues, and the public will also learn with pleasure that a general death warrant is issued by the owners against the most destructive- and best foraging, and consequent]}"- the fattest, of those immense herds of impudent pigs, with which the diggings are infested, and, as a bacon to others wjimi dead, they should be hung up in' thgir neighbours' chimneys. It is linn.lPjjj Tm 1 inn ill i 1 that a similar decree has uotgoue fortuytgainst the droves of bullocks and goats, and flocks of fowls, which multiply and reujeuish on food not their owner^»«tjyi*lro that puts the increase in Jacob of old's flocks com pletely into tbe shade; and it is much to be desired, both for their own convenience and our peace at night, that our goat squat ters should now remove with their increased flocks to the fine alligator country near Port Curtis, where the much talked-of climate there may metamorphose them (the goats, not the squatters) into alpacas. The ladies of the Rocky are now about to assume part of if not their entire rights. Whether they intend doffing their present habiliments and donning the Bloomer cos tume we have not yet found out, but at all events -we have ascertained that at their ap proaching pic£nld they will appear in a uni form or dress vs&ichis; intended to command more respect for the sex. For our own part, we have never heard them held in greater respect than they are at present, but as the pic-nic is an experiment we shall ; see what we shall see, and report accord ingly.,^ ■i~ When the two^jpiinejjfr physicians had a quarrel, the wag exclaimed— 4*stra'hg»* such a difference there should be Tweedledum and Tweedledeel" Had he lived at present on the Rocky he might have altered his epigram into— " Strange «ucb a difference litem ehunld be 'ftciM Tea and Sugar, and Sugar u|id Tea!" But the quarrel between the fiddlers, al though it involved the discord of the diapa son, was nothing to the " difficulty," as the Yankees term it, of our grocers. Can it be true, as I have heard, that their stock of alkali is exhausted, and that they have no soda to neutralise their cream of tartar and tartaric acid; that their lollipops are changed into acidulated drops; that even the sugar has fermented and become sour ; and that the most luscious of their preserves are transmuted into the sharpest of pickles? No marvel then that both they and their customers wear a vinegar aspect, and speak the most pungent sayings, for in the pre sent condition of affairs their stomachs must be in a sad state of acridity, and I seriously recommend them both to lay in a stock of soda without delay, for a grocer without alkali is like another man without good temper. a Bocky River, 24th April, 1860. 