THE WAR SPIRIT IN THE COLONIES JUSTIFIABLE ON SCRIPTURAL GROUNDS. To the Editor of the Herald. SIR, -We are told that there are always two sides to a question, and I think I 'shall be able to prove the truth of this assertion-before I have done with this subject. Dr. Lang has given his view of the question, and, in my opinion, a most one-sided view it is. Now I shall attempt to give mine. I know,. Sir, the diffi- culties that I have to contend with in measuring my strength tutl. Dr. Lang, but I shall go to battle with this Goliath of the Peace Society in my own simple and unvarnished style, taking nothing but a few plain truths from the Word of God, as David selected his stones from the brook of old, when he went out in his simplicity to fight with the champion of the Philis- tines, and to slay him. I have waited to see whether a&y; one better qualified to enter into a polemical dis- cussion with the Dr. would take up the matter. And not seeing a chnmpion in the field of truth willing to engage him, 1 thought I would do so myself. The Dr. asks, "Is it right in a moral point of view, is it consistent with the principles of our com- mon Christianity, for a whole series of British colonies at the uttermost ends of the earth, which even in the estimation of Great Britain herself, have confessedly reached the full maturity of self- govern- ment, and which number considerably upwards of a million of souls, to proclaim war, as we are virtually doing, or, at least, threatening to do against France, or Russia, or America, or any other country on the face of the earth, with which we can have no possible quarrel or grounds of offence?" &.c. Now, Sir, I consider that this question is perfectly absurd and ridiculous. Who is going to war with any of these countries ? Certainly, not we ; but if they should have the temerity to come here to disturb our peace, let us be prepared to meet them. We are only doing what these countries have done long ago, and we hs\e not yet considered it a declaration of war on their part, nor are we likely to do unless they come to attack us. . Another assertion of the Dr.'s is to this effect, that " The God of Heaven has said in the clearest language, and under the most tremendous sanctions,' I thou shalt not kill, and any killing that is not strictly in self-defence, is murder." But why make this re- servation, the text does nothing of the sort ; it merely says-thou shalt not kill ; but I want to show the Dr. that killing, under certain circumstances, is justifiable on Scriptural grounds. For instance Abraham who was called the " father of the faith- ful, the friend of Gad," &c;, on one occasion when he " heard that his brother was taken captive, he ermed his trained servants, born, in his own house, three hundred and eighteen persons, and pursued them tinto Dan ; and he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus ; and he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people. And Melchizedek, King of Salem, brought forth bread and wine; and he was the priest of the most high God. And he bkessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the Most High God, ' possessor of heaven and earth. And blessed be the most High God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all." Gen. 14 ch. 14-20 v. Now Melchizedek was the greaest type of Christ of any mentioned in the Old Testament. And how does the Dr. reconcile his conduct and that of Abram on this occasion, with his own peace dogmas. Is it not clear from this instance alone that he and the other members of the Peace Society do not derive their " peace at any price" principles from the Bible. ' j) Another passage to which I wish to call the,Dr.'s attention is the following relating to Sampson, "And when he came, into Lehi, the Philistines shouted against him. And the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him ; and the cords that were upon his arms became as flat that was burnt with fire, and his bands loosed from off his hands. And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put forth his hand and took it, and blew a thousand men therewith." Judges 15 ch. l-l-16 v. Here we have a man inspired, nay, em- powered, by the Spirit of God, to do what Dr. Lang, in his wisdom, thinks proper to designate " murder." Now, which example are we to follow-the example of the Spirit of God or of Dr. Lang ? Again, I refer to the case of King Saul, who was dethroned because he refused to exterminate the in- habitants of Moab at the command of God. And also, to the case of King David, who was a man of war, and yet called a man after God's own heart. But the Dr. may object, and say, that all this was done under a different dispensation. True, but al thqugh the dispensation has changed, God has not changed, His spirit is the same now as it was then. And if it is wiong to fight now, it was wrong to fight then. For with God there is no variableness, neither the shadow of a turning. Tf we come to the New Testament, I defy the Di. to produce a single passage where it condemns the military life, or says that a man cannot be a Christian and a soldier at the same time. I defy him to shew where it is said, that a nation shall not stand up in defence of its rights and liberties. But I can refer to many passages where those who followed the military life are spoken of in terms of commendation, and of praise. For instance, in the case of the Roman centurion Christ said, that he had not found so great faith, no, not in Israel. And the first man that was comerted to Christianity in the Gentile world was a soldier, and a leader of soldiers, for he was an officer. And yet when the Apostle Peter was sent to instruct him, there was not a word said about the unlawful- ness of his profession ยก but ho was called a good man, and deemed worthy by God to receive the gift of tho Holy Ghost. Now, how does the Dr. and his coadjutors account for this ? But time presses, and I shall only refer to another passage which may be found in Hebrews, 11th chapter, irom the 32nd to the 34th verses. "And what shall I more say ? for the time would fail me to tell of Gedeon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Jephtha, of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets ; who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteous- ness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of "lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the Ewoid : out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens." Why did they by faith do all these things ? Then war (I mean defensive war) cannot be that abominable thing that the Dr., and his friends of the Peace Society, describe it to be, or the Apostle Paul must have been a very great sinner to speak of their conduct in such glowing terms, and very profane for ascribing their success to faith, since no soldier can be a Christian, or endued with the spirit of faith. In conclusion, the Dr. seems to say, because Christ said, " If they smite thee on the right cheek, thou shalt turn to them the other also," that, there- fore, we are to malee no resistance whatever against an invading foe ; but, if this literal construction is always to be put upon the words of Christ, then, I ask how it is that the Dr., as a professed minister of Christ, has not complied with his commands where he says, "But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel, and as ye go preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand : heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils ; freely ye have re- ceived, freely give. Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses, nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves, for the workman is worthy of his meat." [Matt. x. 6-10,] I want to know if the Doctor has complied with these injunctions, or if he thinks it necessary to comply with them. One thing I am certain of, I have often seen him with a pair of shoes on his feet ; another thing I am sure of, if his wardrobe was ex- amined, more than one coat would be found in it ; and another thing is equally certain if his purse was opened it would be found to be not always quite empty. Not wishing to trespass further upon your kind- ness, I am, Sir, youls most respectfully, J. H. HEWITT. October 7th. 