WHAT IS A "CIURCIH ?" DcITOII OP TtHE L4UNCESTON EXAMINEn' Stn,-I had written a note before to thank you for tile publication of the article, which has been so ably noticed (with one or two exceptions) by Mr. Pullen, but I declined sending it through an irregularity, which I suppose, unavoidably occurred in our postal arrangements. By this casualty it would not have reached you sooner titan seven or eight days after the article alluded to, headed "The Church of Christ," appeared in print. On first reading over hr Poullen's communi cation I thought he ihad committed a blun der, with which I was wells inclined to find much fault. This led me to read it over again, but before I did so I consulted two or three dictionaries, fearful that I had a misconception of an ordinary English word. My first Impression was, that Mr Pullen thought there was no "visible Church of Chrlst" extant, but ihe shows fully that Ihe meant no such tling. He puts the case clearly enough when he speaks of "a man truly converted" finding "one or two like minded with himself" meeting for religious converseand religious worshitp. Independentof all other organizations. Such a sodality would undoubtedly be a Christian church. It would not be an invisible one either, and If Its two or three members were men of active habits, enlarged views, capable of clearly comprehending Scriptural accord ances, as well as mens of earnest prayer and lively faith, they would be a vast blessing to their generation, and would aid in spread ing the gospel of Christ around them. There is no such character as an invisible Clsrstian We may search for such in vain in cloisters or In cells. They,are not there. The men we would find there would be the most defective description of coun terfeits. Christianity was designed to per meate the masses of mankind, hence, every sincere Christian is a man ofaction, as well as a man of principle, impressed with the: conviction that ha lives in an observant world, on which his conduct: and conarsea tions. (whether he is rich or-poor) will have an influence. ,When I first read Mr. Pullen's communl catlon, I itotight he meant to say Christ organized- no church. This to my mind would have been a fearful mistake. If He had not done so I could not understand the instructlios He gave His disciples as they are recorded in Matthew xvii. 15 20 i direc tions which can in no way apply to hybrid and bloated corpoirations termed national or connexional churches . Th one organiza tion left by Christ can to my mind be very clearly discovered in the passageof Scripture referred to. Here we see a common brotherhood -formed; not the communism .whielh well-iotentioned but mistaken men have,rattempted to establish in connexion with Chilstlulity i not the fraternity of un congenial minds united by vows, which are to be met with in what are termed orders in:tho Church of Rome. The word organi zation, as. deflued by Johnson and quoted from Locke, is to mny mind fully expressive of. thle,'conatititlon of '-tlse Church of Christ." and the monstrous departures from this model of a church, which have been pro duced by kingcraft and priestcraft, have impeded social and religious progress-in a word, have prevented tile spread of gospel truth, and the formation of those spiritual democracies which are alone consonant to the genius of the gospel. Tihe organization formed by tile Saviour exhibits tile purest form of equality, fraternity, and unity that ever existed in our sinful world, and until Christian men exert themselves to form Christian sodalities, n accordance with the plan of our Divine Lord, the spread of gospel truth will be still retarded. Christian Churches, based upon Scriptoral accordances, would not he in that languid, in eflicient and complaining state that we find professedly religious commonisies in the pre sent day. In a truly Christian Church. rich and poor. high and low, would be fully united, without the distinction of clergy andlaity being kept up. The wealthy Christian woul:l fuel the responsihbility of his position, and hlonorably and cheerfully perform his duty, in caring for his poorer brethren, and in assisting to sup ply Ihe wants of the Church. In such Churches, there would bo nneo of the mendi cancy and scrambhling for money we see now -dsys, amongmencalling tbhemselves Christian ministers. In Christian Churches the men called by theo ioly Ghost 1and the suffrages of ltheir brethren to minister sn holy things, would be provided for decently. and maintained properly. Thoy would be duly respected for their work's sake. They would crave none of thlat servile reverence which is sought for by the priesthood or ministers of other communt ties. Wten I took up my pen to thank yoe for ite ropuhbllcation ol the sentiments of an "Old Asthor" en the constitetion of" the Church of Christ," I lid not intend to trespass so long upon your attention t but the subject is one in which I feel a lively interest, and the present state of our colony and of the world generally calls upon us to ventilate It, and, if possible, to aid in the revival of a purer Christianity than that to which too many of us have been accustomed. Before I conclude, I desire to mention that I beliorve there are many very eminent Christians connected with professedly religious sommnlotles, which are not constituted in oc cordanee with the usages of the primitive "Church oel Christ, bat I should not on that acconnt recommend tite formation of a patch work organlsotion, which would embrace all those good people, on the ground of concessions and compromises being made by the clergy or olice bearers of such communites. Such as emalgamstlon could not be expected, and if it did take placesit would be a singulur Mosaic - stranoe to look upon;-a sad arleature of sitl Chorch of Christ. Yours trely, VIATOe. 