HAPPY JACK'S LUCUBRATIONS. No. XI." A-MAJ,-GA-MA -TION ! .Slowly and sorrowfully should this wjord be spoken, for it will eyer cause "an; indignant " walloping in the buzzums" of ail charitably disposed South Deniliquinites. Could axiy proposition be-more prepostero^ tljan that jof placing our two charitable , institutions' under 0110 rojiriagement,arid byso doing sink the feuds 'and jealousies -which now cause many to button uip their breeches-pocketat the bare inentionl-of an Hospital ? • Ah me ! jWe shouldj theik lose ia never-faijling subject for Burstorian leaders lint surely this will not come to pass? What matters it if I we lose many hundreds of. .pounds whiphmigbt bfcherwisebe devoted for the'benefit of tlife sick ? I Doj we not receive ample compensation jin the shape .of witty, ; sparkling' leading articles—pleasant literary food; for the healthy—- ih place of porjfc-yine and arrow-root, which can be obtained jonly " by, running for it," as Lock the painter sajidjl for whom, by-the-bye, it has been reported;Monsieur Biiuibo:acted as amanuensis. It will be a pity if one institution, which the,committfee proudly boosts'of being "capable of accommodating thirty patients," and which supports jonlif ifcen or eleven on an average, jleaving the '' fundk in flourishing and satisfactory condition," be' compelled to enter .into a partnership [with ainother which has, it may be I said, livedjup to ijts|income by harbouring double that number ;of jsick: and suffering, humanity;! "and which has obtained its supplies of medicines not Jrom its mediclil officer. On the 10th' September • last, the Benevolent Asylum had a balance to its credit at the Bank of no less than £58910s. Id. There is nothiiig jlike ebonomy and red-tape, ^It has been jsaid that the Working Men's Hospital has too readilyj opened its' doors; to patients, and hardly ever krefiises' the prayer, of a poor 1 sick man, (although jlie may not have complied with all the established rules ! but thi» complaint hais never I been inade of its neighbors, hence thlei balance of .£^89 10s. Id.' If ^amalgamation is ti} take place'this jsu'm might he judiciously invested in the purchase of drugs from the medical officer.' From whom | should they be boiight if not from him? and what'necessity is there for departing from this old]established customi? No one thinks' it strange that this "'should be: done. If two Hospitals, situate in the same ! township, with only a'litile river (over which will be- a bridge in a few days) dividing them, :are carried on expensively, but one happen^ to; h^ve a. more wholesome Bank akeOunt than the other, owing to its affording relifef .to only one-third of the number( it professes to b!e able of accommodating, while the other, has not followed -this ieo^omical plan is it not hard to expect the subscribers to the more solvent inatitiition to | sanction an. amalgamation ? Thatiieachhas thesame'end and aim— a charitable onei and might be -carried on for > little more than one costs riow, and that a great number of people who now keep their pursestrings tight] would then ! cheerfully subscribe! (when bickering ^and libellous' articles were no 1 longer levelled at tonewho was foremost in esta-i Wising both institutions) ought not to be taken! into consideration! ¥e can manage very well! as we are ! ! 1 ! ; j • What a milk-hiid-water article on this subject appeared in jthe last -number of the Pastoral Times ! The' writer abused nobody nor made a personal attackl upon any; one j connected "with either, j Hospital! • It was altogether too tame, and contrasted'! too strongly with the sprightly tone apd spirit of the Burster's leaders. It ap-. pears Jipe writei: does not think that men who liad no hand whatever in the foundation of either Hospital ought 1 jio'w to talk'and. write so flippantly upon the subject. -And pray why not t Has not the newest[-chum in the district - even one with a '' girlish waxen face " like G. L.—the best nghitojijail; .at,, the men jrho .spent two years ija- collecting funds for the erection of this public jcharity: ?! It is the way of the world, and,! therefore must be:right. It. is not a verylongj time siace,.at[a! meeting which was then, styled aj " hole- and-eolrner " one (for the reason, no doubt, as before .hinted, -of its being: held N in a small: room); certain (business was transacted concerning the Benevolent Asylum, and, amongst the rest, a vote of\ ifiJiiwepassed most unanimously upon the then Treasurer, who had never missed an opportunity: of «ollecting a pound for its support, for beipg absent with his aceounte^ and this was done, it has- been, rumored, at the instigation of onejwho well knew, the Treasurer was at the fvery time doing good service for'the institution, land advocating too the' adoption of that gentleman's pjiltimatum," to quote from the article; alluded 1 jabove. At aqsubsequent meeting-—not a hole-and-corner one-^ihese minutes of the; rrrdnutk. mee.ting were struck out,' and no record ;now exists of this vote. ; Some are of the impression ,he>deservedcenaure; and amongst those was Happy jack; .-but it was not, however, fisr his \absence with the | accounts. Wh should a few] members of the committee be deprived of theirjinnocent amusements? So Peeping peter is himself 1 again 1 What a .droll steam-ehgine he described'! j He spoke of a Worshipful Master acting as a " Funnel." ! It. is, perhaps, wel^ he. wis talking.of .steam, .or. many might- have mistaken his moaning, as there, are ' two kinds of jfimnel, one of wljiieh is for pouring liquoritfto. He says ''pumpkin heads are ' attracted to pumpkin.pies ! V biitjhe.did nofsay whether individuals blessed with j such craniums must necessarily be what Yankees call -'some punkins." ; ,i ' .. : ! It was thought by : some that Mr. Peeping Peter was dead or sleeping. Rip Van Winkle fell into a fjleep, frpm: which 'h!e awoke not for twenty years; atid found all his-friends dead and himself unknown.!; Not so with P. ; P. ! if lie has been asleep Iho., has also been awake • ay, and looking about him too. . ; So '-;Honestyj"jhas again entered ah appearance. He indignantly protests against such a flagrantbreaehjbf Hospital rules as that committed last week, when the -resident surgeon of the Working Main's'Hospital actually absented himself for nearly a whole day! :," lie neither blames nor exonerates from blame the resident mledical officer," as hf. thinks it probable "he could- not help "himself}" Well, that is something atall events; 'itisja ;sigii of good nature not to.-.be too : severe"in dealing with the. surgeon, who, ,no doubt; would feel veryjlofiseraible if he gotinto bad 'bdour •with J '|Honesfsi|V Tllis veracious correspbndent of the Burster says tb!at this is the " first" time the "rule " has been broken! - and no doubt it is. It neyej ha-ppened^that the! resident medical" officer or the other institution went to Sydney, leaving;His benefit. plub ",iinder the charge of another,' wh^l left the jiustitution to take care of itself while.he wjent for several days to the;Billabong. Oh,'j this; must be. a j: mistake - a- mere fancy! land it is'ja pity there_should be so many in Deniiiquin vibtinis of the illusion.. . Poor 'G. IL.! MHe has," he says, -'given Happy ^ackl a rather tough nut to crack.'? Indeed, poor fellow, he but speaks the -truths _ He says, too, "I have not: met with !a single sentence that upsets Aiyirgument," and he is quite, right there also. jllis argument!!! It would be .difficult to upset that which lias no existence,, and at would be no| easy matter to crack a nut no one can see.-1 Alcraeked'-nufr-is tjust the .thing poor G. L. ought.not to. say :a 'word] about; perhaps for the samel -reapon that people 1 living' in flass houses (should not throw, stones.. If the (New Cjium were here ihe would ask if G. iL. were-out of his nttnd, jandlhe would be properly admonish'-, el for alluding to the inhrnuty of the poor heto . of "Murderer's'Flat," whose. "teeth began to chatter^, andihair to bristle " because." the'light shining Ithroughij the, -narrojvi, opening behind a. colored ^figured blind caused a phosphoric-looking; spectre ifin the tyvalL"-: PootlfeUow,! j^.-is no? wonders ;such r j "3»ir-breadthf I 'scapes " should' affectfhisunderstanding; , ,\y.- -s .......I : \- Perhaps the gentleman who 1 advertises^ the. sale i-bf tsjhareja- inj the "Masonic j Hall, may .have .a? few shares in the -Bohn|da Mming Company for disposalilfl' o -saleable coinmodities—ve!ry! i i ';: '"'!:' •: ]'•>....i- .i.-f I 1 !: II Mr. EDITOR, —Happy told ine to give youthis with hisl: compliments, and [to say .that heregrets being lobligedi like -the;' t Ghost of Hor- > ace," ito'lsay Vadieu.'?. He • is,igoing on-a- tour. * and it is qjjite unceriainiwheji ihe jnaj' jietorn.; He alsoiijbade me Bt^telf<^/|he info^mation ofi Mr. Inquirer." iiyho a^edllim[=the meaning of ; " Hospital Auditol-''-' and "Worshipful >faster, that he'lfeannit ^el give him an answer to'fthfe' latter^ as-he lias not;wor£ed lia.dictionaiy ap to W yet.' UHeis atjtpresentamona the P'fl «id Q's,l the'-which, k he 1t-would^ef'^elll^r Wor'- l? shipfnl Kaffceii tq|J?nind, as Beeping^eteriaf plain nvay of filing home truths. Hoping you do notjfSuSu:. Ifrom Jihe attadc-of'-|imalg»m^ioii lr i j HAPPY JACK ? 