LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AT BINA T r\'\Tn (From the Yass Courier.) The beautiful and interesting ceremony of laying the foundation .stone of the Catholic Church to be erected at Binalong took place on Monday, March 26lh. The site of the church— a gift of ten acres by Edward Ryan, Esq., of Galong — is on the face of a beautiful and picturesque elevation adjacent to the town. The church will be built of stone, in plain style of Gothic, and when completed cannot fail to prove an interesting and very gratifying fea ture in the township. The day was highly propi tious, and the attendance on the occasion was very large (including a number of ladies). Amongst the crowd we observed the generous donor of the site — Edward Ryan, Esq.; also J. N. Ryan, Esq., M.P. ; C. O'Brien, Esq., J.I'., of Bendenine ; Dr. M. O'Connor, of Yass ; Mr. J. Lehane, of Reedy Creek, &c;, &c.; The ceremony was, by permission of his Grace the Archbishop of Sydnej, conducted by the Reverend Fathers McAlroy and Berminehain. Mass was celebrated at eleven o'clock in the tem porary building at present devoted to public worship — the Rev. P. Bermingham officiating. On the termination of Mass a procession was formed in the following order : — Master Barry, as cross bearer ; Masters Ryan and Costello, as acolytes ; members of the congregation ; the officiating ministers— Father McAlroy wearing a richly ornamented cope and stole, and Father Bermingham in surplice, and stoK On reaching the ground on which the church is to be erected, and where, on the future site of the altar, was placed a large wooden cross, the clerics read aloud the beautiful psalm, 'How lovely are thy tabernacles, O Lord.' Father McAlroy then recited the prayer, 'Lord God, who, although.fhe hr.averi and earth cannot encompass you,' &c;, and then blessed the foundation-stone. Having sprinkled it with holy water, he, with the trowel, marked the sign of the cross on the stone 'in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;'', and prayed that the ' Lord would bless this creature of stone, and grant, through the invocation of his holy name, that those who with pure intention con-' tributed to the erection of this church would obtain/ health of body and soundness of mind.' The psalm ' Unless the Lord build the house,' f/c, having been read aloud, Father McAlroy, plao'ing the stone in the foundation, said, ' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place, in this foundation, this first stone, in the name of the Fattier, the Son, and .the Holv Ghost, to the end that the true faith, the fear of God, and fraternal charity may flourish here, and that this place be set apart for prayer to praise and invoke the name of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost is one God, blessed for ever and ever.' The stone having been fixed in the foundation, and the psalm Miserere read aloud, Father McAlroy sprinkled the foundation with holy water, and concluded the beautiful cere mony by reading the prayers appointed by the Church for such occasions. The Rev. Mr. Bermingham then preached an im pressive discourse, of which the following is a brief synopsis : — The annunciation to the blessed virgin that she was to bring forth the world's Redeemer was indeed a beautiful and consoling fact. The promise of a Savioui was co-evil with the history of our race, when -to Adam the promise was made that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. The promise was given to the patriarchs, and the prophets foretold from age to age that Christ should come into the world ; and when His own good time had arrived, His angel Gabriel appeared before the humble maid of Nazareth, and made her ac quainted with the awful and holy mysteries in which she was destined to act so prominent a part. And when at length Christ was born in the flesh he asso ciated with sinners — he talked with them, he sat with them, eat with them, and was called by the Pharisees the friend of. sinners. Oh! it was not simply to pray to him that they had come together that day, but to prepare a dwelling for God, now as really and as truly with them in the Holy Euchar ist as he was with Peter and his virgin mother before his death, and as He is now in heaven. They had sprinkled the foundations and the altar with water as symbolical of purity of soul, and they' erected' the cross of Christ, looking towards the east, because it was from the east that the bumble maid of Nazareth received the joyful intelligence that she was chosen to give birth to the world's Redeemer. It was in the east, too, that John the Baptist beheld our Saviour approaching to him on the banks of Jordan — from the east the Spirit, in the shape; of a dove, alighted upon him, when the very cloudlets appeared emanations of his glory ; and hence it was common for Catholic Churches to be erected facing the east, the cradle of Christianity. They had dedi cated this Church to St. Peter and St. Paul, and they should now look to them as their patrons and protectors. They would recollect that when Christ chose Peter, he called him Cephas — a stone — and upon that stone he would build Ilis Church. When He asked, ' Whom do men say that I am ?' The disciples replied, giving the various opinions of the multitude; but when the Saviour pointedly asked, ' Whom do you say that I am 1' Peter exclaimed that he was Christ the son of the living God. It was to Peter that Christ transmitted the care of His church on earth, when he said ' Feed my sheep ;' and thrice was that order repeated to him. This authority wasinherited by the successors of Peter, and by virtue of that authority did the Archbishop commission them to officiate there that day. The reverend father proceeded to give a biographical sketch of the patron saints of the Catholic Church about to be erected, both of whom had suffered martyrdom iu the year of' God sixty-five. Peter was crucified with his head downwards, and Paul beheaded, both of them sealing the faith with their blood. To them was given a boon denied to the patriarchs of old— denied also to the prophets — for while they worshipped the shade of Deity in the old temple, they (his hearers) had the Incarnate God ! present in their midst; and, oh! he trusted they would prove their love for that God who died and gave his heart's blood for them — that they would continue to lave and be devoted to that church in which they and their children had been nurtured | and baptised, and prove it by their offerings that day. After the sermon a collection was made, and when returning thanks Father Birmingham told his hearers that the sum contributed amounted to £120. This concluded the day's proceedings, iu which all present seemed to take a warm interest, and we may be permitted to congratulate our Ca tholic friends in the Binalong District on the pro bability of their speedily being able to meet for purposes of public worship in a handsome and more suitable edifice than the temporary and unimposing structure now used by them. St, Patrick's Oatuedhaii. — The cere mony of laying the foundation stones of the three large pillars about to be erected in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Eastern Hill, Melbourne, which had been postponed from Saturday, the 17th March, in consequence of the unfavourable state of the weather, was performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold. There was a very full attendance upon the occasion, most .of. those present being apparently members of the Roman Catholic Church. — slrgus. Municipal Council. — The usual meeting was held at the Town Hall, Wynyard-square, on Monday. A report from the Water Committee was received in reference to special contractors, recommending the following quarterly rates, viz. : — Under 50,000 gallons, 4s. per thousand ; under 100,000, 3s. 9d.; under 200,000, 3s. G'd. ; under 400,000, 3s. 3d.; under 800,000, 3s.; uuder l,C00,000, 2s. -Jd. ; and over that quantity, 2s. Gd. It was suggested that this arrangement, should be for three mouths. Tho following reports of the Improvement Committee- were adopted: — Recom- mending that kerbing and guttering be laid on the east side of Lime-street, at a cost of £85; that kerbs and gutters be laid in Palmer and Burton streets, at a cost of £110. A report of the Lighting Committee, recommending the erection of lamps in Fitzroy and Judge streets and Wynyard-squnre was adopted. Tenders were accepted for tho supply of cast iron water pipes for the years 18G0-1-2, aud ' for tho repair of Dixon-street. For the first the tender of P. N. Russell vttxx accepted at £9 7s. 6d. per ton; and, for the second, that of John O'Brien for £5L Skmous Raiuvay Accident. — A severe accident occurred on the railway line at No. 5 cutting, near to Moicton Park, whereby one of the men was nearly buried alivo by the falling in of the embankment. Dr. Bell was called in to visit the inun, who, though much bruised about the chest jnd limbs, was pronounced- by him not to be fatally so. 