THE STATE OF JERUSALEM. JI " To the Editor of the. Times. SIR-Having recently returned from the fl Holy Land, a few short remarks on the state, -. of that country, and the feeling of its Mus- w ' sulman population towards the Christian "I inhabitants, may not at this juncture be in appropriate. ' Briefly, then, I would state as my con- a] viction that little is left undone by the of fanatical Moslems to wound and shock the feelings of every Jew or Christian resident is in or visiting Syria and as instances, I may mention the fact that the path of ascent p to the Mount of Olives, up which David p went bareheaded, weeping as he went S up"--tbat path which has been so often P pressed by the feet of our Saviour's syste- ^ matically defiled in the most disgusting S manner by the Mussulmans inhabiting the " Tillage on the summit of the Mount ; while in the Church of the Ascension, having been appropriated by the Arabs and used as a mosque, is now neglected and polluted by the dirty infidels residing therein, who do not attempt to conceal their hatred and contempt for the Christian while receiving the baksheesh they claim for admission to view its sacred walls. Again, the chamber on Mount Sion which for so many centuries has been considered identical with that in which our Saviour late His last supper in which He appeared to His Apostles after His resurrection, and in which the Holy Ghost descended on them from Heaven, was, when last I saw it, de- filed by unutterable filth. On my remonstrating, through the dragoman (a native Christian with the Arabs who claim the 1 ownership of the room, they made some con- temptuous remarks, laughed, and demanded their baksheesh in a manner the most insulting. to of That this room is in very truth the " upper room furnished " to which so many of solemn memories are attached is a question if I leave for others to argue. For 1,500 in years, at least, Christian pilgrims from all lands have visited it, firmly believing in its B sacred character ;' it has been consecrated to God's worship, and not a day passes that -r. fervent prayers are not offered up in it. Knowing all this, as the Mussulmans do, q they tolerate, if they do not encourage the perpetration of acts within those sacred g walls' which should bring down on those concerned the heavy punishment commensurate with such a crime, and the present B non-infliction of which is attributed by C< Orientals to fear or indifference on the part C of the Christian Powers. is I am, Sir, your obedient servant, July 17. A. C. D. E; 