1815 AND 1860. Sat beside the spent "Yule-log, In its grey ash* s lying; Out-ide, id cold Bec.mher's arms, . The Old Year lay a-dying. The spirits of the bygr.ne yeara MoveJround him, to pnd fro ; And the young F ow Year stood bent to hear The red cock's midnight crow, As the bel s begin to ring him in Merrily over the enow. But never New Year, mo thought, did wear Upon his baby brow, Less blithe ome cheer than this New Year . That we have c( owned e'en now. ; Bis baby head is helmeted, In his baby grasp a brand, . In his baby eye a mystery, And a Jookof stern command ; And babe though he be, it is plain to see He haB man's work on hand. Proudly, but painfully he Btept Up to the vacant throne, Across the corpse of the dead Old Year That lay uncrowned, and prose. And to all the hosts of the past years' ghosts j This haughty challenge threw Your work ye have done, but never a one Such w rk as I've to do ; From the first of the Efghteenhundrede To him that I'm heir into. When to answer his beast for .h Btepp'd a ghost Of diplomatic air; Bis coat was broidered on all the seams, , Hjs knee was gartered fair ; With Btavs, and crosses, and ribbons, Bis breast it glittered Bheen, No order at til, so great or smill, 'But there his badge was seen ; QuoJrhe- ' You see here, that famous year Eighteen hundred and fifteen. " VTwps I that c'rew the prot.cola ""Of Paris and Vienna; Laid Europe's best and bravest at rest In Waterloo's red Gehenna ; 'Twas I pulled down Napoleon ; .And set the Bourbon high ; 'Twas I gave France her last war-dance, '' Arid her sapper o! humble pie ; 'Twas I that, linked black eagle3 three In a Holy alliance tie. " The map of Europe I recast In the form it wears to-day ; . Knocked frontiers about, dealt kingdoms out, ,In a free-and-easy way. I pooh poohed national feelings, I laughed at the claims of race ; What were they to escape my s:out red tape, Or protest in my parchment's f-ice ? So I bade them be quiet, and diplomates' fiat I set up in their place. " All this did I, with a band s > high, That the nreEsure yet remains ; My mould I set on the world, and yet : That mould the world retains. ,Tis true that of my protocols 1 Kings and Kaisers have cracked a few ; They have set up anew crown here and there, nd burked a republic or two .The Napoleons have turned up again, And the Bourbons fal.'en through. "But still I'm the year that all revere . As the ground of things thit be Nor a Kaiser or King his title can bring Toother founder than me. And yon dare come, you Hopo-'-my-Thumb, To talk of ijOur work-pooh pooh 1 After all I have done, I should like to know What there is left for you ?" Qouth vout e Sixty. Berene, " You forget 15 . Tour doings to undo 1* London Punch. 