OUR DEFENCES, The public needed no ghost to tell us what a direful calamity would be the occupation of London by an invading enemy. And Lord Overstone is not richer than any other man of common sense and experience in his knowledge upon this subject. He says what all 84V, it must not be. He places, his first line of defence in the channel, and supposing any serious reverse to happen there, then the next Hue must be taken up foot to foot with the enemy. There are, indeed, three lines; first the fleet; secondly, opposition! to a landing ; thirdly, if that great difficulty be surmounted, our armies covering London, and contesting every man of ground, with the advantage of knowledge of the country and the command of all its resources, while the enemy would remain with only the ex constable supplies he had brought with him. Let us suppose, for a moment, that our first de fence failed, our fleet being worsted in an engagement, Even this improbable event could not occur without much loss to the enemy; for his transports could, not escape much damage or destruction, and his disposal force would be at least considerably diminished. But there may be no battle at sea, it may be suggested, am/ the enemy's fleet may give out the trip and "come Upon"omTcóost unobserved. Consi sidering What the scale of such a fleet must be, and the narrowness of the waters their, vessels would cover it is hardly possible to suppose that so huge an armada could escape our fleets, but even in that event there would remain, in face of it, the immeusedifticulty of a landing either with or without resistance. It is the fashion, we know, to make light of this difficulty, and to suppose it easy to place men,' baggage, artillery, ammunition, and horses in boats, and run them ashore anywhere ; but our officers who had experience of the disembarkation in the Crimea in fine weather, without baggage and with few horses, and unopposed by the enemy will bear testimony to the immense difficulty of the operation in circumstances the most favorable: and far from certain, indeed, must have been the result in that instance, if the Russians had offered the resistance in their power, in which case the expedition, if it could have effected the landing, must have done so at the cost of a loss seriously impairing its strength. But let us suppose this obstacle overcome ; let us suppose the French landing with as much ease as passengers out of packets, and carrying their horses and artillery and munitions of war ashore as lightly as if they were carpet bags; what next ? Why within twenty four hours all the troops in Great Britain, regular and irregular, would be assembled at any point pitched upon as a stand against the invaders. Our railways would enable us to concentrate all our forces in less than a day, and to furnish them with all supplies in any position they may occupy. This is the true fortification on which we have to place our dependence, the living lines, the flesh and blood bulwark of the war. With the cause that would inspire such a force it is a wrong to our countrymen to conceive the possibility of defeat, but even in that disastrous event, and the occupation of the capital, we believe that the patriotism and devotion of the country would rise equal to the emergency, and spare no exertion, no sacrifice, for the rescue of London, and the expulsion of the invaders, Examiner. 