MODERN MUSIC. TO THE EDITOB Of THE BEGISTEH. Sup— Having been present at the concert given by Mr. B. W. Kohler at White's Booms, on Tuesday evening, the 16th inst., I fully en dorse the justico of the remark of your musical reporter that 'in no instance since the Handel MuBical Festival, in April, 1859, has there been a musical entertainment in the colony half so successful.' It is also evident, from the repeated and almost uncontrollable demon strations of the audience, that they were of the same opinion. It seems, however, that the ghosts of the departed think differently— that the six or seven hundred ladies and gentlemen who . attended the performance would have shown better taste had they hissed the con ductor and his band of amateurs off the plat form. Your correspondent, writing under the sig-1 nature of ' Mozart's GhoBt,' has attempted to be very witty in his lengthy communication j but the generality of your readers will agree in thinking that he has acted injudiciously in his attempt to bring into ridicule those who seek to relieve the dull monotony of everyday life by means of evening amusements. It would only be wearying the patience of your readers to follow your morose corre spondent through all his remarks. His tastes are evidently too refined for this degenerate age and this lower sphere. Having dwelt bo long amidst the bowers of Elysium, his familiarity with Euterpe, Terpsichore and Erato has taught him to despise the delights of this naughty world. Neither Mr. Kolilcr nor the public have any music in then* souls, or there would have been no attempts to imitate the bagpipes, or to produce melody from 'a row of wooden sticks.' But, Sir, we are not all disembodied spirits, and I certainly see no greater incongruity in the performances which your correspondent so severely censures than 1 do in the witticisms which the immortal Shakspeare has intro« duced into his .tragedies. Nor do I think that Mr. Kohler has prostituted his talent one wit more than your correspondent has done his. Both have amused the public, and both deserve the honour due to rare talent. The 'grateful public' will no doubt appreciate' both as they deserve. I am, Sir, &c;, AN AITDITOB. 