MR. SUTHERLAND AT DOUBLE BAY. I A ruDLic meeting was held yesterday evening at the Bays water Hotel, when about 150 of the Paddington electors were addressed by Mr. Sutherland. On the motion of Mr. J P. Edwards, seconded by Mr. J Neale, Mr. Thomas Price took the chair. The CHAIRMAN briefly stated the objects of the meeting, ria increases Mr. Sutherland as a man that had risen from the ranks a man of practical experience, liberal j unions, and great ability. I Mr. SrjTRKBiiAvD then addressed the meeting. He said he desired it he went into Parliament to go in upon his o n mints, and Hot upon the demerits of any other man. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry that such did not appear to be the date of his opponent (Mr. Hart). After stating the reasons which had induced him to come forward, and the success which had attended his meetings, he stated that he should not refer at length to the matters he had already touched upon, because they had had an opportunity of reading his opinions in the papers and if they had not read them they ought to have done so. (Bear-, bear.) It was their duty to read the papers not only daring the candidature of their representatives, but also after their election in order to see whether they represented or mitretireteated those whose suffrages they had obtained. (Hear hear) As he had said before, he did not believe threatens lection would revert men into oats 6 stealer, or that it v o i'd 1 a to b goodshed and murder as had been stated by the Opp n meet the 13th clause of Mr. Hebert ton's bir. ( , a lee; "There will be bloodshed and Raider if we don't get free selection" cheers.) There had been free selection, from the first on the gold-fields, and yet there had not been bloodshed and murder, such as was now anticipated from the free selection of Agricultural land before survey. (Hear, hear.) There had in fact never been less crime among an equal number of persons than has been one missed by those located on the gold-fields of this colony. (Hear, hear) The assert i has of their opponents in reference to the results or free selection before survey were mere ghosts set up to frighten the people. ( Hear, hear ) If there had been free selection around the gold-fields, there would now have been thousands of fsmilio*-inclad High probably, many who were now almost, starving in Sydney- comfortably located on the land. (Cheers ) Mr. Robertson's bill did not touch the squatters' ruin, but only gave the right of free selection over reserves, which the people of this colony owed to the Home Govern- mont, and not to the Government of this colony. (Hear, hear j And then the squatters had the pre-emptive right, which had had the effect of retarding the settlement of the country. The free selectors could not go on to the runs while under lease and when the squatters' leases had expired What right had the squatters to the land? (Hear, hear) When the gold (in vein were discovered, the squatters did all they could to keep the people on, but the people, of verthe'eBS, commenced mining, and to increase of population made the squatters rich. So be believed, eventually, this free nelutUou would be a her gift to the squatter. He would, however, divest free selection of some of the restrictions imposed on the free selector. He was opposed, however, to the sale of the public land under the flat chu JO, at an upset price of 5s an acre, being in favour of a uniform price to the capitalist as well as the free selector. He was in two of the national system of education, but would not interfere with the denominational system ID ary tion s where there was a population Wee enough to enable them to support the two BjbteiPB. He was opposed to State-aid to religion, because he thought the denominations who sought State aid were rather grasping for money and power than seeking to advance the interests of religion. He WAS in favour of tramroads because he thought railways were too expensive. The (lover of ment had proposed to expend three or four millions on railways to be worked by horse power although he did not see how they were ever to pay interest on the money if they kept the land to ked up. (Hear, hear.) He was opposed to the Synods Bill, ant would be no party to the establishment of a State church in this colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr.. Sutherland then read from Mr. Hart's speech, as reported in one of the daily papers, some observations concerning the "intelligence of carried term," Ac. He (Mr. Sutherland) admitted that he was a carpenter, and he was not ashamed of his trade. (Hear-, hear.) He would meet Mr. Hart on his own ground. There were, he supplied, £4,00u,0Q0 to be expended on tramways-about £100,000 on roads and brides and about £10[),OUO on public buildings, during the coming year. Was he (Mr. S.), although a carpenter, notes capable as Mr Hurt to look after the expenditure of that mercy V (Cheers.) The mind was the standard of the man, and if Mr Hart was measured by that standard he was certainly low indeed, for no man of mind would ever attack an opponent on account of his trade, (cheers) In answer to questions proposed by electors, Mr. Sutherland said he would not vote for the real of the Church not in the absence of come other legislation which would do justice to all classes of the community., He also expressed his opinion that the Chinese were abor j HB Useless as the squittêrs-(cheero) -for the squatters had said that if air. Robertson's bill were passed, they would pack up and leave the country, (Laughter.) Well, lethem go; there were other men, of greater energy, ready to step into their places, and who were able to produce three times the substance now obtained from t! e land they occupied. (Hear, hear.) The squatters had hitherto occupied the land to the exclusion of agriculturists, and now he hoped the time had come when the best lands of the colony would be open to occupAtion without restriction. (Cheers ) Mr. EDWARDS moved the usual resolution, " That Mr. Sutherland is a fit and proper person," to. which WAS seconded by Mr. BHKI-BEBD and carried unanimously. Mr. CANE moved the formation of a committee to secure Mr. Sutherland's election. Mr REDDY seconded the motion, which was put and carried also unanimously, Mr. SUTHERLAND thanked the meeting; for the support they had given him, and promised them, if returned, not to waste the time of the House by useless speaking. There were too many windbags in the Assembly already. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) A vote of' thanks was then given to the Chairman, and the meeting separated. 