31R M1C1IIB ON TIIE FIRST PEW LINES . IX "HAMLET." ! t- '?/•»/«( "cclmuAdtcrlmr.Y if iuu two or three homely remarks I'm about tu uuke, m .the shape of diffidently expressed ; guesses at Shakcspercan criticism, should induce so good a SUakespereno scholar as Mr Micbie to brush the dust—yet obce more—from the volume he so much .prizes, I shan't have penned thein in vain. In Uie course of his ingenious lecture last I Friday night on " Ghosts" and what ■ not, he I went (as usual) to bhakesjwi e to find out what he thought of the matter. He knocked, and it was opened unto liim. lie got what ho wanted; but, in getting It,'be let drop an unlucky remark in • way of thanks, which proved that he was not quite aware of the full value of his treasure. To explain to Shakespercan readers what Mr Michic appears to have lost sight of, it will l)c necessary to quote over again the following few snatches of commonplace-looking dialogue, including Mr Jlicliies piece of gratis criticism:— Htcna 1—Klstnorc: A Platform hof-mj the CU«t!a.' ■ " Francisco < »u hb past—Hater to him iicrnarJo. • Ecr.—Who's there! Fnm.—Nat, answer me; stand, anil unfold yourself. j Ecr.-lir.iig live the King. t Fran.— Bernardo? ' . > 1 Ecr.—He. . ' '* Fnui —You come most carefully upon your hour. < ller.—It Is now stni'ik twelrc: go; thcc to 1k*1, Francisco. Fran.—For thlt relief much thanks; 'Us hitter cold, aud> I am *lck at heart. (llow''beautifully is supernatural fear suggested here; a fear the speaker will hardly whisper to his own heart.—A. Miciiik.) ' i Bcr.—Hare you had quiet guard? ' • Fran.—Sot a mo'uc flimij?. Ucr—Well, tood.nisht; if you do meet lToratio aid Mw ecllus, the rivals of my watch, bid them xmke haste. ; Now, Mr Miehie's interpolated scrap of com ment goes to show that Francisco and Bernardo' were equally in the secret, whereas the very soul of the dialogue—the whole of the inner life Of this portion of the scene—hangs by the single thread or Francisco never having heard tell of the ghost of Hamlet's father, any more th;ui of the- disem bodied worthy of Cock Lane. This fact lost sight of, the few broken snatches of dialogue are hot merely, as 1 have said, commonplace, but full, of nonsense; but keep Francisco's ignoranccin view, and then we iind no single bit .of writing,'upon which Shakespere has .bestowed move masteily pains. Jf Mr. Michie will again.read his favorite .scene bythe llghtof this hint, he \riU finditliiU of those supposed* lesser touches of uhimagined genius and art which, more than all the so-called fine passages put together, constitute Shakes1 pere's ryo ijxisthniis, and make him what he is., As soon as Mr Michie turns to the scene, the first small matter that will occur to a reader of his quickened perceptions, is, that Francisco is ■ on guard, and yet Bernardo gives the challenge. " Who's there':" says Bernardo. That this is not a traditional blunder which has come down ro us from the abused " old editions," but that Shakespere meant it is proved by the sentinel's rejoinder' Hay, answer mc,—stani asil unfold yourself, i And at the same time that the sentinel on duty asserts his own right of giving the challenge, Shakespeare contrives to let ns know that Fran cisco did not recognise Bernardo's voice. " Cit fold yourself," says the sentinel, who, however, was anxiously waiting to he relieved by the very man wliose voice he failed to identify. What does this mean, but that Bernardo, who had seen the ghost " twice before and jtmip at that dead hour," hadaquicker ear than the unconsciousand watch-wearied Francisco,—that the ejaculation "who's there!" was no challenge at all, but au involuntary outburst of uncontrollable alarm ut tered in so affrighted a manner tlrat Francisco did not know who was the speaker, until Bernardo, recovering from his " start," gives the loyal pass word in his usual voice— Bernardo.—Long lire the king! yrancuco.—lienumlo ! llcrnardo.—lie. The next little stroke of art is the allusion to Bernardo's unwonted punctuality. This was the night for a special watch—the scholar Horatio and thegentleinan Marcellus, although Francisco did not then know it, were to be there, and of course] Bernardo would be punctual. "You come," throws out Francisco, without meaning much,—r i You co:ac moil euro fid'.j oOir h'jitr; and what more natural than Bet nardo's half con fession, half denial,— "'T !b now struck twetre," Of course, it hail: but he had never been so punt-' tual before. Bernardo's next business is to get rid of Francisco,—in fact to hurry him away, lest the, ghost should come, and he be there to sec it, and afterwards gad about it in the guard room, before the scholar Horatio had had an opportunity of properly addressing it! But before sending him to lied, Bernardo (who is all in the fidgets, and shivers at the anticipation of being left alone) has to pump Francisco, so as to make Sure that the ghost hail not already appeared that night. To get this really superfluous piece of information,— superfluous because Francisco's gruff selfqiosses sion bad already given it,—he goes to work like a detective, and not like a man who (according to Mr Michie) was talking to another man alwut something they were both equally cognizant of. " Have you liad quiet guard " r asks the cautious Bernardo. Francisco's soldierly anil unembar rassed reply—"Not a mouse stirring"—having settled that point, Bernardo again bids him get to bed, and almost discovers his own alarm by telling him to huny Horatio and Marcellus, if he should meet them. And here it may bo remarked that Shakespcre has taken care to give a good reason why Bernardo's manifestations of alarm should not bo perceived by Francisco. , .Francisco is'-nrule "of'purpose 'to lie trio occupied with his own feelings and griefs to ha in tuno for noticing anything strange iii Ills friend's manner. 'Die facts were, he was o'er-watched—it was a cold night in Elsinore—ho wanted to get to bed, and he had something else to bother his head with besides ghoat3:— Tor this relief, much thanks*T 13 hitter cold, And I am sick at heart" Much else yet remains worthy of comment, in this wonderfully wrought-out scene,—a scene which, in Shakcspere's time, as now, was pro bably huddled over hv the most indifferent actors, although he himself is said to have played the Ghost. At all events, it is a mercy now-a-days that we are spared the theatrical infliction which Shakespcre could not escape. The " gods " are with us moderns so benefioially clamorous that the first few lines in " Hamlet" are never heard beyond the footlights, in which case Mr Jliehie need not henceforth be apprehensive of feeling pained by the actor's want of appreciation in their mode of dealing with this sample of Shakcspere's minor Icauths (I) 