A VOLUNTARY ON THE KNOCKER. 'Twas the hour when early piemen, Vend their questionable meats, Holding little breakfast parties, At the corners of the streets. When the cock crows clamorous warning, Which belated spirits fear, (Ghosts who "wont go home till morning,") Telling them they dont lodge here. Then before a wooden cottage, Ere the day-broke chill and drear, Knocking like a dozen postmen, Stood a rifle volunteer. In her chamber, weak and ailing, Lay an old bedridden dame; All the night she'd groaned and suffered, Till with sleep some respite came. Happy dreams, perchance, were coursing Thro' the dear old lady's head, While that volunteer kept knocking Loud enough to wake the dead. Knocking till the poor old lady Started, frightened from her sleep, Dread of murder, fire, and rapine, Making all her flesh to creep. Trembling, stumbling, fumbling sadly, She threw up the wmdow sash, As the soldier losing patience, Kicked the door with horrid crash. "Drat it all now," said the lady, With a pardonable heat, "Can't you find some better pastime? You will wake up half the street." Coolly answered her tormentor, "I've disturbed your rest I fear, Will you be so kind as tell me-- Pray does Sergeant Jones live here?" "Sergeant .Jones be bothered," answered This most justly incensed dame, "If I could but see a p'liceman, I would teach you to make game." Saying this, she shut the window, And addressed her to repose, Purring loud a hymn of triumph,— Making music through her nose. Short as sweet, was still her slumber, For another volunteer Woke her up again to ask her, "Does a Mr. Jones stop here?— "He's the Sergeant of our guard, Ma'am; You, perhaps, are Mrs. Jones " Here the window closed, and left him Hors de combat on the stones. Into bed the old girl tumbled, With a many weary groans, While rheumatic pains shot through her, Racking all her aged bones. Thought of what she'd have to suffer, Fill'd her mind with sickly fears, And she sighed in bitter anguish, "Drat them stupid volunteers." 