MISCELLANEOUS. FirruoiiDiNArtT Taut.-Tho Tours journals state that a trial, which is to ttko place before the Court of Assizes of that city in December, is exciting extraordinary inter- est in all the departments of the Indio et-Loiro A lady, who is possessed of a fortune of 400,000fr. or 600.O0.0fr., being separated from her husband, has, since 1851, lived at Chinon, with her daughter, who is cow uboat 16 yen M of age. She visited in the best society of the town and neighbourhood, and towards thc cud of tho last year brought out her daughter, who is very pretty. Tno girl was thought rather torward in her manners; but ber de- meanour was attributed to the inconsiderateness of youth. Bcf- re long, however, it became rumonted that she waa very true with the coachman, and it w»B 6tated that tba man himself had hoisted that be was the lover of his young miBtrosa, and that sho was about to become a mo- ther. Ia January last ho disappeared, nud Madame L stated sho had been obliged to discbarge him becauso ha had had the) impudence to ask her daughter's hand in marriage. Tho mother and daughter afterwards went into sooiety as nsukl, but they were tho subjects of much malevolent remark. Things continued in tots state until August last, when the commissary of police of this dis- trict received tevoral anonymous letters stating that in the night of tho 29th of July the young lady had been delivered of n child alive, and that tho littlo crOAtu.o had been killed by the young lady's m, ther As on July 31 tho mother and daughter bad been seen going about their house and grounds as naaal, the commissary attached Utils importance to tho letters; but be commu- nicated them to the public prosecutor, and the Initor deemed it right to question the lady. She indignantly declared the statement unfounded and, nfttr some hesita- tion, laid a complaint of calumnious denunciation against the supposed author of tba letters and against her ex-coachman. But she was told that in order to support the complaint it was necessary that ber daughter should bo examined by a med-.oal man. She contented, though with manifest repugnance, but when a phyt,ician n lew hours after presented himself nt her house she said the examination was unnecessary, as sha was ready to admit that her daughter had boen delivered of a child, but that it was born dead, and that she had bumed the body-and she declared that her daughter had become eticiinfe in consequence of violence committed on her by thu coach- man; she also said that »be had been silent on the sub- ject of this violence, and had ' burned tba body of the child troca a fear of scandal. On that both mother and daughter wero arrested. The young lady at first told the same tale ss the mother, but being pressed with questions «he declared tuat no violence had beoa used by thu coach- man, and that the child was not born dead, but bad been killed by ber mother before being burned. Si o co then, Mdmo. L- bas persisted in ber original story, and eays that ia contradicting it her daughter must belabour- ing under a hallucination. Both mother and daughter aro tu be tried (ot infanticide. A YANKEE ADVOOA,TB-'bo following pies of a spread-eagle lawyer ueedB no common! ;->..' Oentlemen of tbs jiry-The Scriptures sni ti, ' Thou shalt not kill I ' Now ic you lung my client you trangress the command as slick as grease, aud as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is inurdor, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an bumble individual like my client having killed a man, bm is that any rea . son why you should do so ? No such thing, gout lerner,-, you may bring tbe prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do bis duty, but that will not exonéralo you I No such tbiug. In that caso you will be'mnrdorers Who among you IB prepared lor the brand of Cain to bo stamped upon his brow to- day? Who, froomai,-who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, 1 will pledge my word, not one-of you has. a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gent emen, your pockets aie odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. . Yuu can smoke the tobacco of. rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful .con- science; but hang ray unfortunate client, and the scaley alligators of remorse will gallop through tho internal principal animal viscera, nntil the apinnl vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. -Gentlemen, beware of committing I Ueware, I say, of meddling with the c.er ,col prerogative? Gentlemon, J adjure you, by the manumitted ghost* of temporal soeiety, to do no murder. 1 adjure you by the name of Woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepicoo of Time's theoretical transmigra- tion, to do no mordor, . I adjure you for the lovo yon . have for the e<oulent and condimenta! gasto of oar native pumpkin, io do no murder t I adjure yon, by the stars set in tho firing ensign of your emancipated country ! I adjure you by tho American Eagle, that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roost- ' ing on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious trans migration to do no murder, And lastly, gentleman, if yon over expect free dogs not to bark at you-if yon ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo-and to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, leafing, rascally, cut throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinct ability, acquit my client and save your country," The prisoner was acquitted.-Oniarlo I Haws. PsniLois WAMI or M. SOMKAMBOIIST -Tbo Detroit Fret Pren describos a fearful scene which waa witnessed in that city on the morning of tho 25th nit, . A. serrant girl in a family, 18 years old, was discovered in ber long .night dress walking noiselessly along the narrow ridge of the stoep roof of tba- bouse. The spectral form paced slowly to and fro on tho narrow riJgoboard which covered the apex of the roof, approaching In foarful proximity of 'thu abrupt termination at tho ends, and calmly turnlnj* about to retrace the distance. The house waa a high one and a misstep, or a step' too far would have plunged tho night walker down to certain destruction. Tbe walker occasionally raised ber hand to ber head, as though en- gaged in throaght or troublod with pain. The head al- ways maintained the same position. A chimney stood directly in the middle of the roof, ronnd which sho passed with ease, placing one hand upon its top, and walk ng down the sloping roof to got around. Once in this npec trnl walk she paused at tho edge of the roof, and looked ] straight ahead. A waving movement of tho right hand j accompanied tho act, when tho walk was again renewed. The same spot was reached again a few momenta ofter when tho figure again piuBed, and again gazed ont into the darkness, and then, with a slow motion, stretohed out a hand, and, with outspread fingers, clutched at some- thing which had no existence exoept in tho fevered mind of tho sleeper. The other hand was then extendod In like manner, and the body bent forward ia such a way that tho upper portion hung over the abyss, while tho fingers reuohod out until there was no further reaching, and then clutched again with a quick convulsive snatch, and wera withdrawn. The arm iras motionless a moment, and then commenced its w, rk again, continuing as far as the m>d dlo of the roof, when it turned towards the rear of the houBO. and moving down tho slope of the roof, doscondod through a skylight to her own room. Her master having aroused his wife went with lier to tito girls room and found her sitting on tho aide of the bed, wide awake, nnd in a state of mind bordoring on distraction. Sho had no knowledge of the occurrence, bat bad been awakened by the noiBe of her employer emetine the room and found herself standing in the middle of the roora in the condi- tion described. Tho girl had been suffering from a brain fever, from which she was gradu-illy recovering TRÏWO TO " HOPB IM" A LO»Ö -Most of our rendors -trill recollect mention having been mada of a young Lord Grosvonor. who recently arrived here from England. In his peregrinations about tho State he chanced to And himself in the town of Sonora,, Tuolamne county. Now Sonora is well supplied with n set of " bloods," who al- beit good natnred in their dispositions, are fond of dis- tinguished and wealthy strangers, and have a particular fancy for a little '. game of draw," an amusement which is calculated to draw money ont of tho pockets of the uninitiated and place it in the pockets of tboto who are well versed in its mysteries, as all true Sonornnians profess to be. Well, these blo'ds made a dead Bet for the .' live lord." by bol ling out to biro the seductivo tempta- tions of " draw," hoping to be enabled to transfer a few English sovereigns to the pockets of a few Ameiiean so- vereigns. .Bnt alas! for the hopes and anticipations of fun-loving and " draw'' admiring Sonoranians, they found that Eng ish lords-or an English lord-was not auch | easy gamo. Down to the table tho hunters sat-cards and wines were ordorai. The bottle pissed frequently the Sonorarians taking light decoctions, while tho noble- man, scorning all " beul Taps," took a " squaro drink" nt. each turn. Despite these facts, and all calculations to the contrnry, the lord kept perfectly sober, wli'le the con- spirators booamo tho reverse; and, instead of English sovereigns being subjugated by American sovereigns, American eagles flew to tho rocket of an English lord. Tho tables woro turned; tho wuuld-bo biters were slightly bitten; tho conspirators found their weapons turned against themselves, nnd Sunora " bloods" bocame fully convinced that English lords are rgthor dangerous gama oven for mountain sportsmen lo bunt after, However, it is pleasing to know that the SnnornnintiB preserved their good temper, and treated the distinguished stranger with all possible consideration during his stay amongst thuin. \- San Francisco Tele¿ram. MBXAikCiioxY MAi.roRMA.Tios.-The following facts hove come to our knowledge, »nil having made partioitlar inquiries on tho subject, wo aro able to pledge their au tbenticitv:-On Thursday thc 13th Instant, a poor, hut respectable woman, the wife of John Clonver, a Krcnch polisher, residing in Temple Strc t, Hackney Hoad, gave birth to a daughter, which ctme ¡uto tho world with nt fore arms, hands, and legs, giving tho appearance of hav- ing been amputated at the elbows, and tho left leg above tba knee. There is a short prnluigation from tim lijht kuco, with a very small fast and cn3 toe Tho child baa also a red mark on tho nose, otherwise kho is well formed and gives every promise of lone; life. The most curious part of this sad story remains to be told. Tho motlier a'lege5-and this statement IB confirmed by her husband and frionds -ihat. in tho early stage of her p-egnancy. she was walking along tho street, and was peculiarly im- pressed with a pitiful spectacle of two sailors, who were eliciting charity by the exhibition of their Amputated limb). Sbe was not frightened exactly, but felt mach Compassion for tho poor fellows, and talked much about thom for soma days after, saying that she could not get them out of her mind. Now, our readers are await?, of courso, that it is a disputed point in pathological science, whether causes operating upon tbe mind or tho imagina ntion of a pregnant woman can effect the formation of the foetus; and, therefore, the abovo cato will offer a very in- teresting study to medical men. Bnt it has another and a more melancholy interest. The parents are ia po ir cir- cumstances, and, whatever the causes of Ibo accident, thoy hive had thrown upon them a heavy burden. Tho facts nUo suggest a question as to the propriety of de- formed and injured persona going about tito public »treetn to the alarm of nervous people, and, possibly, to thu life- long misery of children yet aoborn. A CAITAIH OP A MISBJISIITI STEAMBOAT.-" Wliilo standing beside our captain," says a recent traveller, " at tho front of tho el J vated deck, our ship began to back in tho mtddlo of tho river. ' Wtint's thc rnattor V said I, "Smelt u bar, I guess,' said tho captain, ' and bucking out in time ' ' These snags,' said X, pointing to one, ' must bo troublesome at night ; why don'uhoy taite them out?' ' No, we know about «hero they air, and keep pretty clear ot them ' * Any other danger on tlio river, cap- tain?' ' No, only t *o, a Bink or a burn tip. Wo some- times gong-not often-and sometimes go afire. But we seldom have an accident. In Jane Inst there was a barn up-a few miles below ; seldom happens though.' 'You have no heavy sea to trouble yon, nt any rate ;' .1 throw in by way of comfort. *I guess not,' said the captain, turning full upon mo, ' wc bui'd thesa steamers etroog enough for their purpose, Mister, and as light as possible. They ure for (ha river, not tho lake. In a heavy sea they would double up Uko a ch p, and that's a fact.' There are many sand-bars io tho rivor, which at this scnionaro so near tbe surface that tbe vessel sometimes sticks. But in the bows two great legs or stilts are fixed, like little mast», with blocks and tackle, mid when tho steamer 4 bars,' down g ct the stilts, the tackle is made fast to the capstan, tbe mon pull upon it, nnd raise the ship a foot (<r more, clean off the bottom, nt tho bows, Tho paddles aro tben cet on full steam, end the vessel is literally jumped over the bar. I asked tho captain if by IIIIB meanB be could get over nny ordinary bar. ' I reckon 1 ould lilt her over the river's bank, if she would hang . oaether.' was his TBDIV."-Caird's 1 rair it Farmina. MiBB MAHTINBAU OR STAKVAI ION.-A person starved to death on a desert island lives only a Cow days. I sm acquainted with one who tired thirty days ander these cir camstancoii bathe wes tho only sarvivorof the party; he was barely breathing' when assistance canto: and his CBSO is considered alr/iott unparalleled. He nnd his comrades bad been Bot asboro in a mutiny. Ile made the Freema- son's sign to tho leading mutineer, and tho man returned in thirty days, landed with a kettle of hot brandy-and water in his band, and found my friend sonsoloos under a buBh, with tho bodies of hm comrades lying about bim. His appearance was extraordinary over alterward?, as if every fibre in Ilia face was vibrating without ceasing; but bo recovortd to be a world's wonder, fur having lived thirty days through tho waste of his frame. wi bout its having been repniiod rooro or les*. Four day's absolute fasting i<, I believe usually considered fatal. Tbe ele- ment winch repairs tills wane is called tbe nitrogenous substance of fond, tbe other is called the carboniferous.. There ought to be thrco-tlmas ai much of the latter as of .the former to keep ona in full health; but a person may do without it for a short time without fatal oonsequéncea, keoiuso tho nitrogenous portion supplies Its place to a smnU'extent.- Once a With, " ' Miss MAHTINBAV ON CUIKOLINB.-Do ibo petticoats of our time serve for anything but a mask to tho human form-a.perversion of human proportions? A woman os a soft looks like a child popping up from a haycock. A girl in the danoo looks like tho Dutch tumb'er that was a favorite toy in my infancy. The flt la io the reverse of accurate as to be like a silly hoax-a masqitorado without witt whilo, at tho name time, it is nol an easy flt. The prodigious woight of tho modern pettiooati and the diffi- culty of getting it all into the waistband, creates a neces- sity for comprising nu,I loading the waist in a manner most injurious io health. UuJor a rational mode of dress the waist should sufFir neither weight nor pressure, nothing moro thin the girdle which brlngi tho tra merit into form and f./Ms. A» to the convenience of the hooped dresves, only nsk tho women themselves1, who ara alwai « in danger from firs, or.wind, or water, orenrrinits-wtieeii*, or rails, or pail», or nails, or. In .short, everything they en- counter. Ask tho husbands, father«, or brothers, and hear bow they Uko bring cot with the steel frame when (hey onlor a gate with a lady, or being driven Into tho corner 'of a pew a church, or eottn Otrtrfdoof the coach, fur trtnt of room,»- Okef tr »lilt. Paisas NAtfonsoH on BOARD TUB Ona AT EAÍTEDH.-» . The expected visit of Priuca Napoleon to the great ahlp tooti pince on Tuesday, Oct. 18th. Thu Prince, attendud by a numerous party, came on board at efght o'olock in tho morning, and narin* carefully and critically ex- amined every part of the ship, breakfasted with Captain Harrison. Commander Evans, U.N., and Lieutenant Katoa, wero on i o ard in undress uniform to meet the Prince. Tho guns on dock appeared to be a great attrac- tion, scarcely a Frenchman passing thom without atop. pint;, taking ont tho toropion, and peering down the muzzle. His Highness remained en board from eight to half past eleven a ra , and on leaving bo shook bands with Mr Campbell and Captain Harrison, at the snmo tims expressing to them the pleasant he bad derived, and oftaring his bose wishes for tho success of the undertak- ing. Un Tuesday ¿here also came on board the la'gejs number of visitón since the arrival of tho Groat Eastern, at Holyhead. Tho total number of tiokets was 2,854. A NiiW YORK DANDT.-" Oh. fora pencil to sketch for tbe delectation of my readers a Broadway swoll, with tho stub boots and military heels an inch and o half high, bli parti-coloured pants, invariably too short, nnd so tight that it is with difficulty that he squeezes his hands into hU pockets, tba national substitute for gloves; his rowdj castor palled down over his ayes, or balanced on the baud of bis head; his swallow-tailed blue coat and brass buttons tho fashions of a quarter century ago; his overpowering vost; his shirt iront composed of the same materials am pattern a« ladles' habit-shirts, lace insertion, die,-, hisfaci rouged, and his bair ourled, having gone to bed the pie viona night enpapi'lute ; the sickly smell of perfumery and lastly, the dazzling effulgence of his trinkets, som broadcast over hia^iorson. Now let us stick him on the step of ono of the large hotels, and as ho discourses eloquent!; (through his nose; of bisgr rest and gei-lorious ked-n-trj tho tobacoo-stained saliva runs down over his goaie beard, and there you bave, a representative man of th model republic.- Loudon and New York. ? A YAKKBK DEBTOR- A Kew York mercantile boos held an unsettled claim of lang standing against a lara duck " out herei" and hearing bo was becoming "well t do," cont their claim on to a Western lawyer to collec In duo time they received a reply, which effeotuall "laid" «ny hope they might have entertained of receivlr their money It ran in this wise i-" Gents, you wi never get any sponduliek from Bill Johnson The n dersifiuod called upon him yesterday, nnd found him wi nary tilo (ne'er a hat), his feet upon tho naked earth, a: not clothes enough upon bim. to wad a gun.." We 0 .1."v"»"i.a almilfl.- KnlrltrrhnnWr A trew ithsi'KCrADLB CUIM*S-A fmhionabla bank clerk namod William J I.aoo, jan., bas been arrested un- ' der a charge of appropriating to bis own uso 60,000 doli ol the funds of tho Fulton Bank. Qe was in the habit ol making mos-, sumptuous presents toayoanglady of " poor but respectable" family, which family allowed ber to re- ceive fruin ne yonng clerk presents which would not dig* grace tho munificence of tho Sut>aa when be goes naroo- ing. H. Little, also a fashionable young financier, in th« employment of Messrs Winslow, Linier, St Co. has been arrested forpUoing to the account of his pocket the amount of a cheque for 3 .OOO dollars which he had been sent ta cash. A clergyman is oo trial at New Jersey for tho mot' der of his wife - Sew York Tab'rt. Trip. Gat» KAMH.V.- AS we entered tho coffee-room ho spied tn old acquaintance rending near the window The 7*ime»newspaper. " That " ho whispered, " is Gene, ral Case. His family consists of himself, his moiher, nnd two dnuglters; they are a queer lot Ile is one of the j best ebon in Lincolnshire, and can talk of nothing bol field sports-, ha is called . Gun Caso.' Hts eldest daugh- ter, who B gogglc-oyod, is known as ' Stare Case,' »nd the other, who is ns ugly as sin, and sets up for a bios, bears thosoMjui!/ nf ' Book Case.' His mother, who ii an enormous woman, and unooro monly cross, haB bees nickntmal ' Case us Belli.' "- The Season Ticket in th Dublin Utivcrsity Magazine HAIXOINIMO TUB ATLANTIC-To-morrow on rteronanl -8 prxfewor of c.;urno-will begin the inflation of a greil ball oon ii Now York, destined to attempt the p»ssoge ol the At'alio. The balloon itself is to be of Borne incredi- ble size, i The basket is to bo nf some six. or eight fett diamelo-, with an aperture at the bottom, through whick, in cass cl need, the party may descend to a boat that lt to li« envied suspended beneath. This latter is to be 31 or 40 feit in length, equipped with sida wheels, to bo driven b| a caloric engine. Such is tho progrnmmo, aol if by nnj unexpected chance tho balloon reaches you hs fora thii letter, I shall nnvcrtheto<s have tho merit ot ch'ooiclhg tho attempt. -N-'w Yo>k Leiter. Tats ¡"lilaos OP WALE» AND KNOLISH SPOUTS-HI Rovul Ijigliness tho Prince of Walen, although having rt aided at Oxford only a fortnight, bas already shown a div positinr to pntrontso nnd participate in the spirts nf hil brother collegians. We learn with pleasure that til Royal lighnesB has bocome a member of the Oxford Uni- versity Boat Club, and has honoured the Oriel-strttl (tooni») and Pembroke streot (racket) Courts with hu proseiio), and spent some timo in play. His royal high- ness nlio takes troquent equestrian exercise, and will, is tho orarso »f tho sanson, bunour the varions meets in lb« viciniry of Oxford with his ptosoaco.-Helfe Life in tin SAIE or THU AROMO SOREW STBAM-YAOBT, Fus-li On Thursday, November lOih, by oidor of Lady Frail- |Js li», ile celebrated . screw steam-y.»cht Fox, receffll/u9 returled I rom tho arctic regions with tho expedition en-19 g:ige¿ in tho search after Sir John Franklin, nndar ik'Jsï coinríand of Captain vTClmtock, ll.N., w»s offered u KB pubic anotion by Mesara Bayley and Ridly, at Llojdï H Capisine* Room. Royal Exchange, lb was stated twH tho Fox con ¿E6.SD0, and X3.0UQ was expended on to Jj preparatory to tho late expédition Sho was built in '855,18 tho eng.nea being by Messrs Thompson, Hall, and Ca, QB and of 15 horse power-nomin illy. Sold for £2,825. KB Ai FASHION AULB LADY DKBOKIBBD GKoaiHTitioaLT-gsj (Som from behind ) Conical, base equal lo sevon-tenlilHg tho |axis four volatod ZOROI, cqaidisiant on the pluttfH of tie sides-cona truncated one modulo from tbeort-HS tieri apex, with a warped sarfa.ee placed diagonally upoiRg the'parabola of truncation, intersected by the qu'ils ran/ of a sphere, and it again by irregular polfgoiilt^ plaies of h ilf tho diameter of the sphere, sloping ion- tm watds ia the angle of the oosino of the longitude of ttl lg figire. B| Dr Whewell, walking in Mr Hamilton's narden at 0 ». wM hats, expressed his surprise at the prodigious grotrtholMH the trees. " My dear sir,'.' replied Mr-Hamilton, ' reatta* bcrtttey have nothing else to dol" RH 