HUNTING. inci.iiovnivK rnisi ewn ixtXTfCiH. . Deah Belt., — Too often this season has your chroni' cler had to 'spin' rather' than to ' wcavo his varn,' for sooth to say the M. II. C. have generally bad but norry sport compared with previous yuars. Those who aro truly enamoured of tbo glorious chaso can well manage to put up with an occasional blank day, and can oven^eturn fronva long day's ride without growling like a bear with a sore hrad at not having achieved a ' kill ;' but the once a month sportsman', and tlie over anxious tyro, feel an intenso diacuat nt tlrlno out iholr nags in tedious druws, and with bad-holding scent, and dually jogging homo without scoring up a ' bruih.' These latter, however, if lucky enough to have been out last Saturday, will surely he contented' to attend meet after meet for three- months to come, with scarce a find, if thpy can only !ook forward at tho end to such a glorious day's amusement aa they then enjoyed ; and, ns for the former, they w- II know from experience that tho memory of one good thing will make up for a mul titude ot sins. The tryst now under record was nominally Oakleigh Steeple, but in reality at mino host Gibson's, of the Oakleigh, whero at the early hour of seven (or there abouts) a goodly party sat down to n breakfast that ii as good in r flection as it wns in fact. To those who had cantered their hacks ton miles to cover, on a cold morn ing, depend upon it u hot saddle of mutton was no bad tempoinry exchange, for its pigskin namesake, and it was speedily left as bare. With praise worthy punctuality, the master allowed no timo for picking tho bones, and at eight o'cli.ck tho word of command was given to pay tbo landlord and deport in peaco. On mustering tbo cavalcade, there were found to bo over thirty horsemen, but not quite the usual average of regulars, nor so many ' pinks ' as should have graced so favourite a meet. The crack naus out were Hlackboy, Bobby, Rambler, Daysnriii'. Nimrod TheDon.Long Dog, Scissors, Hieover, Half- caste, Sovcnty Four, and Hljckboy tho second. Mr. Watson led tho way through the bush, for about a couplo of miles, to some paddocks ut tho rear of Mulgrnvo, over the fences of which thero wns nico littlo trial jumping to warm tho fellows in their te its. When tho hounds wero thrown into cover, in a paddock that generally holds game, it was found that no one was nt home, niu after half an hour's fruitless draw over Hiljoining onclo .sures. a shift was made to tho heath. Wo had not been long iu Bearch, when the darlings began to show signs of excitement, nnd, cro we had timo to say to each other that thu rlianco looked well, a regular boomer bounded away within a hundred yards of where tho buatling pack were querulously examining hi* last night's lair: My eyo! what n whopping big follow he was! He'd havo looked right down on tho I'enicia Boy, if that eiant youth had been alongside him, for he wan certainly not nn inch under 8 feet, nnd by far the biggest no' have como across for yean, in tho Melbourne districts. Well, away ho went, making most tremendous lobs, und away dashed hounds and horsemen in hot-headed pursuit I' or Bomo distunco wo kept him in view, and tho country being capital .pen ground, aflbr.led us a most delight ful gallop for some threo miles, with an occasional leap or two. Our bouncing quarry then turned to tho left, and pt out of sight iu a high scrub, where wo had a short check, The gullant bounds, however, soon rattled him out of tho cover, and settling down steadily to the sc?nt, How rapidly on his lino. Bending back to tho right, tho country now crossed becamo moro diilicult to get over, posts and rulls constantly occurring, and a brush fonco or two, of no mean pretensions, making r change now and then. Several unfortunates found the timber too good, or their nags too bad, for them to imi tite. tho euao with which iho first flight men sailed away, and many a crash told tales of broken rails and bespattered coats- At length, in full cry, wo eamo on to tho D.indenong Road, just abovo tho Mulgrnro inn, mid there the hounds most suddenly throw up. After cn«iing fthniir for tlm trail for some mliiutoi (during wjnch period a few of tho moro thirsty men cantered to tat pub., aud enjoyed a wclcomo glass of beer), th master signalled a 'hark back,' and wolrni7T~~* whero the previous check had occuired On- ii ofri0 pack wero thrown Into tho wattles, a lean™™ V3 lll» mir nncloht fr'end, bolted out, and wo Wcrn^M ? Ut 'ot mediately. Ho led us a merry dance ovn'm im* Itafed country, back Into the scrub, ami &* to oludo us bv Bomo such innncouvrc ns a lm '?''''yea in putting a fellow Phss out of her form, for on^'*' to viow nt a spanking paco over n beautiful l.ti ; B heath, wo found thnt a small sized living' oow OpCa before the pnek. But what was the odds to «»? m'' male or female, littlo or big, ,„ long „, Wo could r if away nt'tho bat wo weto going, and had a 7, i'° of killing? Our new quam?' however tu^'ed cut™ rlnpcr, nnd we went so often round nnd roiina ii! a circle that tho hounds got bothered, „„ lit b™'? look ns if all was not gold that glittered .,,„ n to ? had felt of success. Determined not to throw a M?' *° away, Mr. Watson lifted the pack to tbo -'rub S to avoid running ' heel ' nnd making sure of -fi J upon our ncnrly beaten doo in a wido cast Hut ., ™B .., I,a. «.,-.n In ]n.n I.iim Intl * 1. „ 1 .1 ? r ' 1 L '' V&B; IIUL NUl lu-ii i-/ iuao *,-:, ,,!,, niuL UilV, |0T II fillo Ir* roo jumped up in n paddock thnt wohnd already 0S before, nnd commenced tho fourth net of dm ,ir.. Tills run wns truly tho cream of tho day, a, d rnTi?* fairly deemed not only tho best thing of the season I ? ono of tho most thoroughly cnjovnblo chevies tlmt n M.H.a has ever had. At fir-t the long-taile,?-' „ I „ ° towards Dnndenongj thon lm wheeled round doin £ Mnlgrnvc, and led us over a succession of pncldoclit tU? required both nervo nnd ability to cms... SiiddcnlV I changed his routo ns if making for tho CheltrnL country; but, altering his mind, from being 8C ,2 pressed by his oagor pursuers, he headed direct toit.ri Oakleigh; So steadily, though quite fast enough'?,? the hounds keep on tho trail, and so open wns th» rm,i try, that the field could see tho ilnrlings do 'their ,»n?v througbout'tlio cntiro line, nnd consequently tho exclta ment becamo so inlcnso tlmt aoveral of the cavalier.' hitherto undistinguished ns 'bruiser?,' p-rformed deoS of daring that must have nstonished themselves n8munlin others. Talk about unaahing a Mnori'.Pah ! whv ilm way the rails crashed, and splinters flow, was onouirh to coiivln:o all (ho Brighls nnd 'penco parly' Hint British cournco required something to coin at or™ siniially. Spill after spill, roll after roll, and somersault after eomersault, wero thought no'more of than a morn funny feat on the tanned ring of n cirrus, such kiss of mother earth seeming to make its recipient more nnx. ious to renew the acquaintance. The Don enmo down liimpus over a stiff 'un ; young C. C. soused into a boe Hlackboy tho second, toppled over a top rail and knocked his mister's round enp into n polygon ; l'lobuv landed into a hole, and pitched on his head, but was cleverly saved ; Soventv-Foiir performed somo aincular nets of awkwardness; Half- Caste gave the liglu-wciirbt whip a shake, enough to mnko him look two wnvs for Sunday; Rambler came to grief over n stump, aiid bis 8ft. 7ln. rider.found it n work moro of labour than love to remount on a 10 bands horse; whilst Bolivar sent his neck-or-iiolhing young rider moro than onco to sixes and sevens. 'Totell i All the dangcrj that befell' Iho second-flight men and tyros.wnuld require a me mory beyond that oven of the ' Ghost's,' end they rnnjt be left to a playful imagination ; but, happilv, no worse harm occurred than n sore shoulder and lots of villain ously dirty coals. For two mortal hours, with only tri vial checks, did wo 'stick to the text,' and at last wo came right into Mr. William Lyall's paddock, the fence of which is a'regulnr rasper. A few tot over it, but tho majority thought tbo ventu-c too hazardous with tired horse.', and went round tho corner. Luck favoured the-o cautious ones,, for tho kangaroo turned at u sharp ancle, rccrossed tho fence, and was run into in the onea hoath, about COO yards further oh, between Mr. Newton's villa and Worthington's inn, in sight of both of which we killed. With a countenance ?-' wreathed in aniilc3' the worthy master sprang from his favorite old Hlackboy, and mndo tho welkin ring with the tcrcecliing 'whoo-oop!' thnt told of tho triumph achieved. Nearly every man that hnd started was up nt the finish (somo by hook, »nd others by cook, 'tis truel), nnd a joyous circle they formed around the nearly maddened pack as they' ravenously broko up tho quarry they bad so meritoriously obtained. Congratulations parsed round from sportsman to sportsman,- and pocket pistols from mouth to mouth j- and in so high good humour was each with tha choice pastime enjoyed, that every face abso lutely beamed with beneficence. Tho wind up to the affair. was the presentation of tho brush, which was courteously done by Mr. Watson to a lately joined member,. the' legal owner of a nag, with rather a singu lar cognomen, but of whoso jumping abilities wo will make no bnrney. _.'..-. It -was scarcely threo in tho nftcrnoon when our hones' heads wero turned homeward* ; and seldom lias the journey been so hhort nt tho clofo of the day's work. In merry converso, and pitying in rather selfish Ian. .gusgo tho chaps who had stayed away, we toddled quietly to town. ' NIMROD'S GHOST. ? 