VICTORIA SUFFERING A RECOVERY. LECTURE AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. Archibald Michie, Esq., M.L.A., delivered on Tuesday, at the Exhibition Budding, the long anticipated lecture, "Victoria Suffering a Re covery.” The superior character of the two pre- vious- lectures which Mr. Miehie delivered, and the success which attended them, drew together perhaps the largest audience that has ever asseru in Victoria upon any similar occasion. The lecture was delivered in connection with the Melbourne Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. The building was literally crammed, and numbers of ax>plicants for reserved seats were turned away some minutes before the time ap pointed for the commencement of the lecture, and at that time there could not have been less than 600D persons present, amongst whom we noticed his Excellency Sir Henry and' Lady Barkly, the Hpn* the Chief Secretary, the Hon. the Treasurer, the Hon. the President of Lands and Survey, His Honor Mr. Justice Pohlman, the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Professor Hearn, Dr. Macadam, M.L.A., G. Jamieson, Esq., Pre sident of the Yoxxng Men's Association, the Rev, J. J. ; Bleasdale, the Rev* I. Hethrington, the Hon. 11. Miller, Captain Bancroft, together with a number of our leading merchants, See. Tits Exop.llrncy Sir 'Hbnhy Baiiklv took the i chair, and at once introduced to the meeting Mr'. Miciiib, who was received with laud and prohmged applause. He said :—“T won der,” said the little French princess, on hearing of the great distress of many of her father's subjects,—“l wonder why the poor: people should starve ; why don' t they eat some of those nice little cakes I see in the confectioners' shop windows as we pass through the streets.” Here is a wonder not confined to little French princesses. Given mouths and meat, our first impression is, why not fall to? It requires an effort of the reason to learn wherefore there should be any want in the midst of apparent plenty. There cannot be a doubt that this colony of Vic toria' is laboring under a severe depres sion at the present time, and yet it is difficult to realise that fact as we read the journals, walk through the streets, or go into our places of public amusement. I catch even myself * frequently demanding of myself,— “ Where is this crisis we are perpetually hearing of?” Theatres and concerts flourish as of old- No end of German bands still, paraae the town. About every fortieth shop is photographing all the ugly faces in the metropolis. Races, plc-nic’s, and excursion trains have by no means died out. Some weeks back—l read it in the Argus, —-a man sold 200 canaries in a few hours at Sandhurst, at ill each, and was so delighted at the buoyancy ot the canary market in that- auriferous locality/ that he was coming do wn to Melbourne for a fresh supply. Even our street beggars are not as other street beggars. As I, was going into town the •thcr morning, I saw one perched oh the top of a low-backed car, going out apparently on ah ex cursion to Brighton; and ! have heard that he occasionally lunches at a confectioner’s. Remark ing bn tills to someone afterwards, I was informed thut this same beggar came from Kew into town of a morning to business, and went away again in the evening, like other mercantile gentlemen, comfortably and respectably on a low-backed, car. " (Loud laughter:)’ -" ' Here again we are : reminded of Sydney Smith's cele brated contrasts between this country and All others. * Set a beggar on horseback, says the old proverb, and he*!! ride’ to tlie —&c.; Here we can promote the beggar. even to a low-backed car, and. lie uoi: ride to any such fearful terminus ; he judicipiisly goes no further than the Chief J uatice 1 s neighborliood, at Hew. In short, look ing merely to .the surface of society, nobody seems tq be “on his last legs/* except Mr. G, "V/ Brooke, and under the circumstances we cannot pity even hint, seeing ho w he prospers oh them. Yet a depression there must be, as every one says so. It may be, that it would be considered as prosperity in England, and many other Countries, but it is a depression in Victoria. Are the causes thereof more obscure, than, the effects are undeniable ? Is not the body politic, like the body natural ? Does not the excitement and over-trading of the past, commit over-drafts on the vigour of the present and future I and does not, therefore, depression follow excitement, as naturally as night the day ? Is not this observa ble all the world over? And it so, is there any thing in the social constitution of Victoria, which: should give her any special Immunity from such ; visitations r Surely not. Bo far from this, the very vigor of a young community like this, facili tates excess, as, on the same principle, it facili tates recovery. Meanwhile disaster is a great soberiser. It stimulates reflection. If we arc all waking up out of a wild dream/to see so many properties sold for the benefit of mortgagees, we may at least rub ouf eyes ; look at things, if possible, in their right proportions ; consider from what causes such effects have accrued ; how long they are likely to continue, and by what means such effects may most speedily be removed- There is uo lack of state doctors, and the prescriptions are pouring, in. Restore immigration, cries one; crush quartz, says another; put down your buggy, growls a third; improve your mining machinery, insists a fourth ; plant vineyards and export colonial wine, recommends a fifth; drink it, urges a sixth; pass a thorough good Land Bill, says a seventh; pro tect colonial Industry, urges an eighth ; and so on. Can any one of these prescriptions, or all of them ; put together, cure the present stagnation, or pre vent the recurrence of.it ? “ The colonial situation a study/* seems to be no inappropriate subject for a lecture, which aims at clearing in some degree our ideas on this, to all of us, rather important in quiry. (Loud applause.) We are half a million, in a land and under a climate capable of sustaining many millions. Our lands in the main axe not all of the richest; but very many years must elapse before even our best soils are subdued to the uses of man. It is only some seven years since Victorians were elate, intoxicated with prosperity ; when sensible men, and fools alike, had money thrown: as it were at their heads; and when (as is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of it went in absurdity and extravagance almost as speedily as it was acquired. The causes of this flush of excitement, of this very saturnalia of the newly monied, were even at the time obvious enough. The vast yields of our newly discovered gold fields had attracted scores of thousands of enterprising and energetic spirits from all parts of the world. . Scarcely one of these people came here absolutely destitute. Almost all arrived with , some, . and many with considerable means. * All required to be fed, clad, housed. Instantaneously, therefore, a demand prodigiously in excess of the supply, arose for everything necessary to the feeding, clothing, and housing of the new arrivals. To aggravate, and intensify (and having considerably the effect of prolonging) this demand, by very far the larger proportion of the laboring men betook! themselves to the gold-fields, where they con tinued so long jus gold was to be had in almost fabUlous quantities for the mere trouble of scratch ing it off the surface of the soil, And yet houses, and such food as could not be imported, were required, and must- be had for all. The first consequence was that wages of all kinds of labor, skilled, and unskilled, rose to such a height, as we now almost fear to think of. Plasterers and ma sons, £2 a day; carpenters*- 30s. a-day ; common laborers, a-day. In a word, the average gains at the gold fields furnished the standard to which the rates of-all other wages naturally and neces sarily gravitated. The golden fund from which everybody was apparently being made rich was partly brought and partly found here. The for tunate Owners of a few (in any other part of the world) wretched tenements became, as by a stroke of Harlequin's wand, transformed into cap!tailsfaT Wonderful as were the prices paid to the Go vernment for town and country allotments, still more wonderful prices were got for the samel ands as they passed from hand to hand* In a few months during the latter part of the year 1852 and the year 1853, house rent rose from £l5O a year to £9OO a year for tenements such as any Londoner can enjoy for £6O or £6O a year, May was £7O a ton; vegetables neither poor nor rich could in dulge In habitually, save In their dreams. Cab bages, 1 believe, sometimes changed hands at about five shillings each. Meanwhile the very police, the coachmen, the grooms, lawyers" clerks, aye, and even official men in large numbers, were. off to the gold-fields, and even Sir William a'Beckett, the then Chief Justice (being at that time an Invalid, and his coachman £< non had for some weeks to be wheeled to the Court by his sons in a bath chair, (Loud laughter.) "This was before my advent to Melbourne ; but quite as strange things took place even many weeks after my arrival. A once fellow counsel of mine in Sydney, Mr. John Bayley Darvall, came down here in 1852, in con sequence of a request that he would fill the vacancy likely to occur on our bench by reason of the then contemplated visit of Chief Justice a J Beckett to Europe. Mr. Darvall arrived from Sydney on a Sunday. The hotels were all full; ‘ the waiters little short of insulting to any exact-r ing and intolerable wretch who wore a black hat and did not drink “a nobbier about every five minutes. Mr. Darvall applied for a separate bedroom; but suehapplications at that period were considered as some evidence of lunacy in the persons who preferred them. Poor John Bayley Darvall, I think 1 see him now, a gentlemanly man—with a manner of blended austerity and politeness, which (according to one of his critics) made him a curious mixture of Coriolanus, and Beau Brummell, —l think I see, and hear him using liis. powers of persuasion (which were con siderable) to win that single-bedded room. What was his success ? Why, we were told, and the story never was denied, that the best terms he could procure were, a comfortable shake-down on the top of a tap-room table, between two lucky diggers 1 (Renewed laughter.) That, or the alternative of walking all night about Melbourne streets, —and such streets at that time, —he might choose between— “ The art of our necessities is strange, That can make vile things precious,'' Thus/In his sore extremity, philosophised poor King Lear; and thus probably felt poor Mr. Darvall, He took the table and the diggers ; but the next morning I, myself, saw Mm posting down this street as hard as tils legs could carry him from a farewell visit to Vice-Royalty, back to the ve-sel that brought him to Melbourne, la a few hours he was steaming from our Bay, and I need hardly say, he never came back. Our whole city, in short, was at that . time a .sort of fevered; drunken, delirious"Pandemonium, In nothing was Melbourne industry then more conspicuously manifested, than *- in burglaries, robberies, *“ s tickings-up/* and shootings in every direction. When you dined out in those days, your host, on your leaving his house to return home, kindly placed a Colt's re volver in- your hand, and suggested that, ,you should keep the middle of the street, and that, it ‘might not be, on the whole, impolitic to shoot the first gentleman you met who said ** Mate, can you tell us what’s o f clock?’" Nevertheless, the greed of gain reconciled us to all these miseries, which of course could be but transitory. • Lodging,, food, police -protection, being thank altogether in dispensable; thehigh rents,;high prices, and high wages, cured themselves, • Capitalists > concen trated their efforts on building—market garden ers and farmers found their, callings more .profit able than gold digging, until as tha new supplies of each grew up to,-and at last met the demand, prices came down almost as rapidly as they rose. Meanwhile the rich finds were becoming fewer at the gold-fields; immigration, by reason of our disorganized condition* fell off,, and in dess than five years from our first,; gold discovery, everything was changed, . . A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to be built again. St. Hildas, Prahrans, South Yarras and Emerald Hills, were competing for tenants; market gardeners and farmers were competing for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for policemanships ; and rents, as well as prices, fell as rapidly as they.rose. I do not say that wages fell, for a sort of imperial ukase has said wages shall not fall; and nature is for the thousand and first time turned out of doors to. come in at the window as of old. Why do I thus run over tills rapid retrospect ? Because we can hardly start fair unless we do so. It is well to take stock of our condition; to see what lias been done, during the last seven or eight years. The Melbourne of 1852, then but a very inferior English town, un paged,- unlighted, muddy, miserable, dangerous, has become transformed Into a great city, as com fortable, as elegant, as luxurious, (it is hardly an exaggeration, to say it) as any place out of Lon don or Paris. Ballaarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton, and other places, have sprung into.con siderable townships; are lighted by gas, and are alive with the busy hum of men. A beautifully metalled road, enables you now to do in eight or nine hours to Castlemaine, a journey which, in the year 1852, you could hardly achieve in less than three days, and even then, at the risk, in the winter time, of disappearing in the mud by the way. Our advance, then, is measured by the whole difference between what the colony was in the year 1852, and that which we find "it at the present time; and therefore, he must be very blind, very ignorant, or very perverse, who would aver that we hay© made no progress ; and that, after ah these years, we have nothing to show for our gold. And yet, assertions like this, we do occasionally meet with, amongst platform ora tors, and n e ws pap er correspondents. (Applause.) Speaking the truth of, and to what are called the working, classes- —as if there were here any class which does not work—is not considered by some people as the surest means of attaining to popu larity. However this may be, sure X am that speaking the truth exactly as it is in a man, and as if he were speaking to his own consciousness, must in the long run meet with the approbation of the j ust and the sensible of all classes. Wise and moderate men will be tolerant of error, and as to the rest, what does it matter what fools or rogues say of you ? I propose, therefore, to talk to my audience publicly, in the strictest con fidence, —about labor, wages, producers, distri butors, immigration, free- trade, &e.;, &c.;, in the confidence that I shall be listened to with patience, even though you should not agree with my conclusions ; as in any event, discussion and discovery are as sisted by mutual toleration. A hiss never settled any truth, nor was political economy ever ad vanced by cries of “Turn him out/ 1 f unless the man to be turned out was interrupting the speaker. As every thing we eat, drink, and enjoy, —save air and those other things we get, for nothing,—are the results of labor seconding and wielding the powers of nature, the labor ques tion is always at the base of every discussion of this kind. Nothing is more common than to hear some individual, who rises for the instruction of his fellow-creatures, cry, in reference to all those persons who do not actually handle a chisel, a saw, a plough, or some other physical tool or implement,— u they are drones in the human hive; and throw all Mel-' bourne*s thousand merehanU into Hobsof/s Bay, and no one would miss them ; hut throw an equal number of working men into the same watery grave, and, see what youahaEseeT’ Startling this, very. And we usually find stuck against it in the newspapers, “loud cheers ?* (Renewed applause.) I wonder what the same en lightened cheerers would say to that In genious man who is reported to have once visited the source of the river Thames m Glou cestershire, and in an ecstatic sense of sup posed mischievous power, clapped < his hands upon the exclaiming, ‘lWhat will they mj of this down at 'Wappmg } ’ ’ Now, what they would say of this down at AYap pmg, would he about the measure of what this world at large would say on the sudden depriva tion of a few hundreds or even thousands of either her merchants or mechanics. The sun would continue to rise and set; people would go to their work, and come home from it, and men of busi ness would assemble in Collins street as before. Sure am I, for my own pare, that merchants in the main are as useful as mechanics, and mechanics as merchants, or they would not be where they are. But the * mecha nic sometimes demands of the merchant “ What do you produce ? You arc of ho use at all, for you produce nothing.” Well, let us follow tins a little further. Strip that mechanic of everything he did not produce himself, and what sort of a figure would he cut ? Would his own toilet be one jot more complete than it was when he first came like the rest of us muling and puling into this world, *' to make Ids mother,” as Jeremy Taylor says, ** a little glad, and very sorrowful.” From head to foot, is there one tliread he has made himself? How many animals have lived and died ? how many voyages have been made ? how many dealings and bargainings, and spinnings, and weavings, and tannings, and stitching)?, and p.ckings, and unpackings, have all been done before he could be clothed ? Are not distributors then quite as useful and valuable a class as those called producers ? Again, go from what our mechanic wears, to what he eats and drinks ; what of these things has he ever pro duced ? Bun over all the operations that 'must occur before he can breakfast off that cheap loaf which is brought to his table—let him reflect upon his sugar, his tea, Ins coffee, his butter, his bacon, his beer, perhaps his nobbier. What an infinity of human indus tries have been in motion and have by some mysterious process come together and converged into that breakfast wliich he devours (and thinks no more of) for a shilling. What factories are smoking, what steam engines plying, what storms at sea being battled with, what aching heads over ledgers, what pryings into prices current, what watchings of seasons and of weather, what ship-buildings and ship wrecks, what ingenious implements in vented, what vast successes, and as vast failures, what happiness, and. what despair, are all cease lessly vexing the surface of the universal globe, in order to keep that mechanic, and all other wearers of clothes, and eaters of breakfasts, supplied with the necessaries of life, from day to day ? Again, turn from bur bodily to our intel lectual wants. Man’ cannot live by bread alone; the diviner part of him needs other aliment. A penny loaf may suffice for his breakfast, but libraries are not more than sufficient to feed his curiosity, and , his appetite for inquiry, and speculation, and; discussion, Think, then, of the thousands and j tens of thousands of authors (from Homer down to Martin Tupper), of copiers, and printers, and paper makers, and booksellers, and newspaper men of ah grades and forms of industry, physical and intellectual, kept ceaselessly at work to feed the insatiable brain of man I and as the result of all these labors you get a classic for a shilling, and the Times newspaper, that “ history of the world for one day,” for five pence, and the St. Kitda Chronicle for nothing ; (roars of laughter) for they always send me the paper, but never call for the subscrip, tion I Miracles are extinct, but these results bear the closest resemblance to a miracle. They are simply the highest developments of the divi sion of labor. The opposite point to this ex tremest application of the division of labor principle is exhibited in the situation of Robinson Crusoe upon his uninhabited island. Our working man, with his forty or fifty shillings a week, is, in many respects, richer than Julius C'<Esar in his imperii purple. A man 'can chip stones, or plane wood, and with his day's wage walk into the next street, and commond thc industry of the world. For him, as for every one whose labor can bring money, the sun is ever shining, the fruits ever- growing, the nations, ever toxliagi He holds up a magiepioce of gold, or a bit OTparticularly dirty paper, and the world rushes towards him with her choicest treasures. Is it better to be, this mam or to be compelled, like Robinson Crusoe, to produce with difficulty what others can buy with ease' ? A sufficiently absurd question surely upon the face of it, and vet it is a question protectionists to consider with respect. For, the thing called Protection must always in its very nature be an approximation more or less to the condition of Robinson Crusoe. Protection, by a plainer and more descriptive name, is compelling A to buy something of B, at a higher price than that for which C can and will sell the same article. B calls it protec tion. A calls It robbery.' B calls it protection, because he says, if you expose Mm co the com petition of C, he (B) can't live by his business. A calls it robbery because you force from his pocket for the benefit of B the difference between the price at. which he (A) can buy of C, and the price at which he (A) must buy of B. Transpose the position of A and C respectively, and each will then call the tiling by the name wliich" the other applies to it. There never was a colony less ex posed to foreign competition, more thoroughly en joying protection, than that of which Robmson Crusoe was the governor, and. man Friday the governed. And what was the state of their pas tors!, agricultural, and manufacturing interests ? Look at Robinson Crusoe’s trousers and cap, in. the old wood-cuts; then turn to some,of our co lonists rigged in slops from top to toe. Why Robinson Crusoe in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. (Applause and laughter.) And yet our slop dressed colonist—see the evidence and report of' the late committee on the tariff question—goes straight from a furious speech in , favor -of protection to native industry, and invests Ms. eight or ten shillings in a pair of imported mole skins , in short, he thinks it perfectly proper that every body else should protect native industry, but he feels no particular necessity for protect ing it himself. Hence practice contradicts pro fession, and the truths of political economy break through cant. It comes round to this wonderful final result that any, and every man, who can. work at any think for which society has a demand —and any and every man who has either saved for himself, or who has succeeded to the savings or possessions of another —-has got a certain corresponding power over all the other in dustries and stored labor (called property) of the rest of the world. And the world is all the wiser, the richer, and better, by each man Just working, when, where, and how he can, and exchanging the fruits of his labor as and where he thinks best, “Protection,” as-it-', appears to me, is merely another name for ob taining money under false pretences, by Act of Parliament; (Cheers, and disapprobation.) To hear some Protectionists talk, one would think that nobody of any consequence lived m this colony 611 the import trade. I say nothing here for the merchants, because they are to be thrown* into Hobson's Bay; but how about the shop keepers, the porters, the draymen, the innumerable mebhames connected with the shipping interest, the clerks, the domestic servants ? Are they all to become shoemakers, tailors, coachmakers, cabinet makers, &c.;, to show us how they 4 * can't do it” at any price others can afford to pay r These are to the initiated, but trite considerations, yet afo they by many every day either forgotten, or ig nored. The only pretext for a return to any thing like protection, is the oft quoted exceptional ease admitted by John Stuart Mill, where young countries, as fitted as 'older countries for particular manufactures, are desirous of receiving the start those old countries have obtained, and try to recover this start by imposing duties upon the foreign product. Even here, the exception admits, if! t docs not prove the rule. For the pro tection is to be but temporary, and to cease when the older country is overtaken. If the older country cannot be overtaken, then the protection is miscMevous, os being first a throwing away 'of a certain portion of the industry of die vainly competing country. Even* Mr. Mill, however, in the very passage of the : scent*>%tofo rg at baitr-in^new ? countries, some protection ” aheady exists -in tilts very nafcifro if * of,imbotied’cb hewcouritry: Against MX'/john Stuart Million f tMa point,: uiigilt i j^tsU£VS£te. ' Crated father, James Mill/who. never, admitted* euhh an exception at Jill; / fdr , tse'; dpmmph talk an this point; T Suspect many attendants ajt /. Meetings; hardly knb;w whab protection meaiial * ;** Ptoteptibu; to Native Sindtonr/ 1 meataf; sound ” übodt. it. , ; We'. *ail, like to bo ' ta!kon oifire’.of;; .and tKe r bf that/ ; you: hive'"only to, start the w6£fl meetings;, and catcji k largo ' tlon of the audience at/ohoc/ wh6 ; ;are .for protfedtr * ing everything ; ahd everybody evezi to the, a uhf 'tp ‘home thedoncrete;;axe they ibf iglving ,Sss! a pair for ;;jSelbournje ; made shpea.hidferipr to the bpst • imi \- docbtectipnV to be worth* the uaide, must come to something like that, of it ii ' no. protection .‘at, ail* NoV,‘ \vlip lupXKose/whb * mdHtlohdly d&madd;'Uite protection ?/ fne| ~ chmiics>* ' it qOUiidt bg denied.: ;cadnpt> or Svil! not dig fbr gold ?: they oimxol ‘i’iifjfctd' tillagfcV they arehihf able to,offer'aUytluiig td society as' tfe purchiiSlng labor; gdttuil; o;nIy, 'siX''pr seveti 'shillings fora'tross, of hay, spya ! to'' the/ shoe I , maker, •*I cp uld ’ ripj/! eyeja if X ■would, r give ;yo il /Sjfi. iby a pair OXcdlpmarhaade 1 cad ' getu pair from*/ Paris ox* at 2bslj j ;'ter;/;br ' turn. fp;;. something; e*6p, 'or ‘ leave * \Vhiclf case,; h good* artisan ..is*- lost toour society] " Still/Is" this r or; are any numberaf sucli nxstances 'ha thetfei/ grphHd for pur. abandoning ' ®rbp * Trade' !*as./at! Vprefehl prevailing irt;: the s Australian colonies/ /'Arcr all 'bopt'-.Weaters in ; the ' polony to pay . this; 1 ’forty shiillkgs aS’ the price pfkeepmg tho supeYduous ; the; siiys ,;the "boot- Nearer. ' Oh which side lies then of iIU general colony f /.Eadcaydririg, to, ascertain this] 7 let tHe/raetter 1 a lifctle hnther* 1 ; Ifruigihe ; maker's, evea farmera, and ;alltn Ilke case witH tlie ;;ih6tah ; ce put/ of the Xmmigraiit shoemaker. l Ad pace/the cost of . living, ’would to 'tive 1 whole;of ,iU ;]]bqjhcrepsed Jy sdmp 100 oi* pefjchht*, so fail related to the taxed of ihe protectod ; OrtibleS/ Whence .is tjKls increase'd price to conie i . the gdhl Gad we expect It;? ffe gets] mtd cad 6iils';get/the market of 'the worid fdr ;hifl J .gold;;!;but,, he ; tb’ tHq ;fruits of his;li/bor, .not 'at ;tlie market price of the /yrorld, bat at the artificially raised market -price ‘of 'thc r oolony of Yictqfia Tor his b6sta/ 'itfah/ the ?the:boi-| ' ci6l man, w.onid J r ;yvbnid bp the Cph^jouencb^^ [ tS.e change"?, ’ A d^|nb^r^^ bd'fcb'wh' P]ilfc pf j&mplb-;^^ ’they; ;4S:ir'bhiy mahihg;, ph;; an! . their Vpik,,/ Xf enhanced 1 prSb ;wefp/pa|dl pt it, /could; .oiar, by/"'mmerst ;gbld? ' v /Buti,; if; ilie' h^4^^^d r 'hb'muistl tKeh^lbny/>r, : 5 p : br; //.'fii- ,§^|ia>st3|£si!gf ’Out 'duty; or hi such case, be} *pdp&napus;/' aj l^rge 1 ; ndmbet/pf, from nmgtfg; ’b^ongin|^;tih‘p' /bb !pbli^d! to l«Me" t; ;kdre;‘; bf Bnb'JdAia^oiW^Hi^be forced] :lntp artificial x^tdd l be,fec s od'oMTOXiEB % alfi)ge^l|- * c ~_• ..Civ/ ‘"i3f "'lo' * • yhese to-beT nevical> ie evils, and. they areof ' a very - OTave character. For labor, like water* 'llifm-' levels and any artliidal : dimmirtg ■of it upiu ahyedunbry, now or old, only prevents it froin'golrig where the common wants coxtjd y ethploy it to the greatest advantage. tJnder either set of' conditions, therefore, vvtaLVr under those of free, trade, as under thdse 'of protection, a’ certain number of per* ’ sons ate always leaving, and will always leave every country, for want of employment fitted to 1 their powers. England, we are often told, has fought-her way to pre-eminence among the nai tfonkumler a'system of protection ; .partly true. And MK Thomas Sayers the other day, disabled bfhiis fight arm, fought for two hours very gal lantly with his left, and really might have beaten Mr. fleendn had the affair .gone on. And, there-, fdrey; lot every .nation that would thrash its lleetian begin by crippling commerce of its right which is liberty. Btit we should keep the money ln the Country we are told. Why keep 'the money in the country r As if money were of any use at all, except as . ah instrument of ex change. But that the depression we complain of canhot arise from our sending money out of the country for goods is seen in this—'that money is Still rapidly accumulating in the banks. Curidus contradiction. Deposits lying in banks unused by the depositors, and yet 'an universal outcry of the scarcity of money, and an almost stag* nmlbh of* those building and other operations Which can only be carried on with money. Well, if very little' observation, and reflection upon things in general, will soon cleat up this apparent COntradietipn. In the , Arei place'," immigration has almost ceased./ No grCat demand, the*efore, now exists for houses, T mentioned awhile, ago; that hods e-rent had fallen several hundred per cent/ Houses wMch iu every part of Melbourne dud the suburbs were inl£s4 let at £ooo and£Goo k^yeaf/each, may , ' now be had for £IOO or £l2O. . Very respectable cottages, ' such as' 'we/ usually find in the occupation of artisans and' others of the community called the laboring classes, are easily procurable at £2O or £2sa-year. What inducement; then, have capi talists to build, if they Can only build at such cost as; to.exclude anything like the possibility Of/their, obtaining ‘ interest upon, their outlay? Capitalists; in these colonies, we- all know, look' for, and /usually obtain, TO ' per Cent, for, their money: But a great Mel 'bourne capitalist, one who has perhaps expended as/much money among the building trades as any man in Victoria, told me the other day that he'caiinpt build how—(looking at wages in the one direction,' and at reduced rentals in another) —so as to Secure 5 per cent. , for his money, even were houses to remain continuously tenanted, and though they 'were " riever to require reparation. The' cCnsequerice' ofthis is, '.that 1 ho one noSv buddk who can avoid it. Nor; as I conceive, ; wduldcyehThe lowering of wages produce in it self 1 mdrethah a temporary alleviation' of this state; of' thinge. ’ Any impulse * which reduced pages';cbuld communicate to building would be .'merely’ transitory. In a population so slowly ;ihpyeadhg;as /ohrs at present/Uie supply of house sbon overtakes the demand, and" of depres siph of the' b adding trades. But. when that depression Comes—in; other words, when has got as much house accommodation,as it ' unless she is to. contradict herself for be ;the : special/beheflf; of the suffering handicrafts, Vfces Remember t'am no advocate forlow T -merely five simph ahd articu . expression to nature’s silent kiid' inexorable it t heat;) - * ’ Would' • far 'sooner :seh”W{%es high thah very low; Tor Bam cer- it Wpuld Wfar better Tor me,, even selfishly; r But hoV eah 1,/ how can any hmlly refe man. walk* about the streets of .’M&lbbiirhe;^, and fa& to see, that wages mUst come >vich rentals hnd 1 prbflts/';ahd in-; gehcfkliy;' -Pohd&r; upon the ktootiheerhenf pf;'that in Swanstpn street, 1 yfhbae attractive board X pask almost every , ihorh- I do -not his name, lest, it should be supposed, that I wish to push, that gcutlcrruiriV' trade at the expense of the many other similar establishments & the city equally good and cheap—ponder,. I say, on this board on which the proprietor sets forth that you can have a plate of meat and vegetables, and another ;of pudding, all for one shilling. ’ifota bttie —no extra charge for change of plate] (Great laughter*) How can wc got that excel lent and substantial dinner for a shilling, but,that all the articles of which it is composed are at such a price that the restaurant keeper can carry on his business on these terms, and yet get a living profit, by Ms trade?' Follow up his busi ness into the related industries with which ho deals ; consider his now reduced (perhaps ndt sufficiently reduced) rent, 'his cheap apparel, bis cheap vegetables, his hot very dear (although in a country like this, not yet sufficiently cheap) beef and mtfttton; Consider all these thing?, these cheap results of colonial f industry for tile last seven or eight yeass, arid then tell me whence is this restaurant-keeper, and the -people with whom he deals, market gardeners and others, whence are they to get the money with which to pay labor, u sixteen shillings' a day and nothing less I** You cannot get blood out of a stone; yon will not find capitalists undertaking any en terprise by which they are to lose, and not to gain. All interests, therefore, both of capital and labor, depending interchangeably upon each other, will always correct and adjust each other* Strikes, therefore, must almost always be cither superfluous, or unavailing: super fluous, where, as in 1854, masons got '3os, a day, because society couldn’t get such labor at that time for less; unavailing, now, because society is not particularly in want of such tabor, even at a third of the' former price* Kor is the reduction of wages an unmixed evil —if evil at all —to the mason himself. He can command almost as many of the necessaries and luxuries of life now with ten or twelve shillings a day, as formerly he could command with the larger sum* And he possesses this equally; large command, with the apparently smaller means, simply because every body else is obliged to submit to a smaller money compensation for the goods In which he deals. How, then, can any particular ; who thinks at all, expect benefit by reduced prlees,aad yet escape himself ? To expect .such things is to expect incongruities, self-contradictions, impossi bilities* It is to expect other men to work for us without our working for them. It is to demand that something shall come out of nothing ; that wages shall be paid, which no- returns can pro duce ; and if all sections of workers demanded the same thing as. against each other, society would be ' little better than a large lunatic asylum, where each resident fancies everybody else mad but him self* What, then; is to be done under these unpleasant circumstances ? Well, I cohesive things must be left, in a large measure, to those internal sources of healing—the vis medka trix imiurea, which society contains within itself. Depression precedes prosperity, and prosperity prOvokes speculation, and speculation leads about again to depression, with as regular an alternative as day and might, hud night and morning. Such ; a state of things is not peculiar to Australia* It 'is the same in England. ’lt is the same in ; America, It is the same in all great commercial countries. Talk to people who lived in the United States in the year 183S, and they tell you that when selling off their goods and chattels at that time, prices were little more than nominal, for .want of; money. Lists of “ wild cat” banks were kept hand y in * every store and collating house* that men might j udge as possible, whose,paper money to take, and whose to reject. That, was a collapse, following immediately upon universal specufatiohs upon credits* just of the very same character as that we are suffering under at the present time.' The fever and ague of trade seems to be tlie same all over the world. Can nothing, then, be done for the patient? Has thu.politico-economical pharmacopoeia no medi cine for : so stubborn and prolonged a'complalnt ? \- Yes* Art, and treatment may /do. thing— i "- a. r * *t. it kiAL j c i*~ lz is***l |2 perhaps much, but certainly not alk We can: second.fixture, not control her- c What, /then, .is- to, -be doner Why, cries every one, /‘Giv ©everybody more to do/' A Find ns fresh, cus tomers/’ cries all, from the shopkeeper* listless, -and almost hopeless, over his wares, to the arti ficer whose tools are idle in his basket- Fresh customers ? Most willingly, but where are they to come from ? From natural- increase of our present population? Hardly so.* Bead the, Bev- Mr. MrdUms's book on the principle ofpop il lation—*the book of .a very wise, a very amiable, a. yery much abused, and certainly, not a too well understood man. He will show you that, under the most favorable circumstances you .may double; your-population, from within, in/sonic i fifteen or twenty years- Will you wait so. long for your new customers?' Where shall they come from then, but from across the seas? What! immigration ? -Aye, immigration- What I import fresh labor , at the cost of the present to contend with these latter !, Here is ia .question,, which, - I observe, easily brings .down . a cheer, at many public meetings, \- and for certain, I am not going, to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or. with any other than yery serious, and respectful consideration those cheers- Say they are not the: cheers of the those workmen the , only people who have not been sound political, economists in matters touching their own labor ? Have British merchants, and manufacturers and statesmen never been at fault on such subjects as free trade, and international tariffs, and employment, of ma chinery? r And- cannot we be reasonably consi derate to these cheers, when wereflect, uponhe indisputable fact that a working man's labor is of : as much importance to him as is a nobleman's ; estate to . the nobleman } - Each has but.his pre sent means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel .deeply, ' and express , himself strongly, on any proposition the effect of winch may be to bring , him (as he thinks) nearer to starvation- • Walk then, X am not in the least put out by the anti4mmigration .cheers. I ask only for a hearing- r I protest that if the cheerers can confute me, X shall be as pleased as if they were to admit that I had convinced them, j for os I have said my only ob ject is truth* We come back, then, to that word immigration-, Are we to raise from the working man taxes to introduce competitors with the working man's labor? That is, /the . shape in which the question is usually put- ; I answer, “ No/' But is that the fair way of put : : ting the question.?. JDoes no fallacy lurk in the premises? Is nothing assumed winch.ought not to be assumed ? Tax the working man to find competition with himself? Is it a tax ? If I pay' £IOO for a hundred acres of land, how is that a tax upon the working man ? The payment for : that land.does not come put of ins-pocket, but out of the pocket of the purchaser- The more land you sell the more you increase the demand for la*- hoc- . And if . you . arc. artificially to increase the . demand for labor, why-not with the very same funds with which, you have increased the demand for it also increase the supply ? The whole process being,an artificial one, what does the working man propose to do with theprocecds-of the land sales, iissuming that no portion thereof is.-to he devotedfcp- ini migration ? -B. Qh, put it mtopuh'- lie works/'says he ;, “find us something to dp/' Aye,, but then we have to hear- the o Lher side/. We turn to the land purchaser- Wes ay. to Kim, “ what dp you say-to the public works nostrum?/. V Well,;' he says, “ why am i to .buy land, ahd pay'for it, in order that this colony is to be kept as. a preserve for the annual erection and construc tion of public works, more especially now that there is almost no public,tq call for any additional works of the sort?'* It scents to me,., then, to pome back to this j - that if Ib uy f merely a hundred pounds worth of the public; estate, the! public have a right to expend ..that as they please- If they import four, or fiive artisans, or agricultural laborers, 5 with -the money) does it necessarily follow that those laborers. on their arrival m the colony enter into injurious competition with the laborers. already here ? Surely no, although frequently, the laboring classes seem to. have arrived at ~dif ferent conclusions. They forget that every mail' la a consumer as well, as aproducer r that every man, in proportion to' his commond over the in dustry of all other workers. Is a customer'of those other workers.. The newly-arrived miner, mason, or shoemaker, may seem, tq; be more'or less a fresh carididate.for those fields of' exertion there tofore, the monopoly of the men already assem bled on thejn; but in., fact he others.’'as* ; much as himself; he buys thcir labor %vith his - they , sell their labor for h us—-each enhances the comforts of the others; and that which seems, at a first glance to be competition, is, 1 in: fact/.co-’ 3 - opef ationwhen .more attentively rCgardbdv; Let' any nian cast back his memory along the last nine years. Has he ever known low ' wages during, a; periodof r extensive immigration? : Were' wages ever so lugh, in "(iclpiiy as! during the years 1852, 1853, arid; 1854 v * And Avas : jit not during those, , years that, the immigratibn' tide, was,' r mining most strongly to winds these shores?. Granted that the;gold-fields took much of this, labor,, yet the 'main cause of wage# fcebp^ J ing :up lay Inthe fact, that whether, woridri g on the ; gold-fields,, on farms, or in houses, the importa tion of laborers was an imporcation of ;the demand far labor,, capital; the : savings of labor grew with ' that labor,; ,tlus : . capital,, as fresh labor continued to pour into the colony, of course employed' more labor, and so. eachproducingand.proriibiWg. : t , h|e'‘ other,. the colony advanced in prosperity. Immi gration has. Stopped \ the wprHnjg; men ar# now freed from imported competition; and yet.’luwq there ever been such lusty criei m want of; work as now? Surely these things cannot bhwithout their own significance for all! . From the;abbye observations it* will be* apparent enough,T thinhi that our, circumstances no w. call for a resuniptioh of immigration; not paid for by the working but paid for by capital* ' If there Be no error hi the above conclusions, it seems clear that the effect of assisted, immigration is this f" that w.e sell our land, and with:the proceeds buy customers of, as well as. competitors yith;;the Working man; and ‘ judging by .results; such are the .mysterious but certain advantages of division of labor, that the new arrival is more valuable as a customer, to those already arrived?' than he * is injurious to them as a* competitor ; and Lam glad-that.this is so; It takes; the last rag pf an excuse from men, .whdi havingjgot to tills colony, would shut the door in-the face: of . those- suffering inUlioiis, who>ro;‘ s^uggEng^ .W& the direst forms of poverty at home. r The orable law, by which, in all couutiies, .population must at some time or other press upon subsis tence, compels ' colonisation y and is there ;any selfishness more depraved or inhuman than. that’ which would confine our fellow creatures in r a position of pain and struggle from which wo have thought fit to escape our selves ? But is thejre; nothmgmore to be. done than to restore immi gration? Yes, Ccrtohily. Of what use will, im migration be, if, as hitherto; it flows through; this colony as water through a sieve ? Aye must; !if possible, fix people here when we get them. The great earth-hunger .of man, as some German writer has polled it, must be satisfied;' In; plain' English,, all .the faculties legislation can' provide; should be furnished for enaolihg every man to tsll the soil who desires tp <db so ; But 1 he may ruin himself. Letdxim. . Freetradeiu ruifi as in every; thing . else. ', r , (“Hear,” 1 and' laughter.) Doubtless men sometimes; nay very frequently if you like* err in the choice ofa profession; But' it is certain; ak a general rule, the State cahnot (even; if r it were, .a fimction'' of the' State, Which It is nbt). take betier care; 7 ©/; menv* than; men can take . man, then, : : who likes it, :Q6 into "farming' at ono r i,\ .‘JPiit;; things .at the ; wprßt^V htd‘ suppose your farmer-does become insoWentjf Ural insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourke street insolvency. A maiinever seems to me so lxajppy[as When surrdnrided by his stacks'/ his pigs; his Wine, his growing crops, hiis children tufnbling ; among the ktraw* of laughing among the vines. If there he perfect aiid serene; enjoyment, surely it. is. here. (Hear,. hear, and laughter.).. . All farm f . scen.es equally to happi ness and’peace 1 ; of mind; ; andthferefore no wonder that the .majority of immigrants harbor the hotionof at some time or other going upon theland. " r This ' earth" hunger all thoughtful statesmen,' as T think, will; in nfcw ' countries, ;wisely; eati£ fy; and do hot fear that free society ‘will incur more evils in this' direction. Of human mdus^^ihaTi , free; society ban correct or cure; especially nowthat the last great discoveries of Stuart" hhve practically enlarged tile habitable globe, by adding to it a fair alxd green central Land, which so lately we had condemned as an arid desert. "Do not be alarmed- lam hot going .to talk about ‘ the' Land Bill, any further than it immediately besrs upon my Huger sUbject- We have all been pjreftjf r well‘’bbreaTO f 'deafch-bythe 1 ceaseless babblement about j '“ lot” and “limited auCtioii,” and unlimited - desire to settle the poor "ihahpbk th# lands/ -: Iknbw it lias pretty dearly settled me the J land • -Fearfh!,; nOwever; as ; tliia--%u!^b#i?^a6 v h(>W becohie, T desue to femiuk •uponr' v appbhr‘ to be one or two errors. Thoselwho talk aboub getting the Utmost for the ‘estate/hsdfcls : calledv sfeem to assume' that the statb*rih "sellinglhnd is^to 1 bdlfegarded merely as you Tegard a' private" veudorT ; H'you do •'ihisy'aiirelyyduycdkfoUnd ,tw6 T essentially different : tMhgS; 1 f The df ;thb' state is to Nettie tlxe uouhtiy-;' "The object of the private'vendor;; is to £^T'^'muchi"‘lsF: Ms possible; The end wMcb the private Yenddh hW edhs titutes merely * the ; meaha' -whioh'the l tdwaafds a fur ther end; But ithhr^ r said I ,' should the -ptate T&6 f j that differoiCO Which A may inakb by reselling tp .B, ! ( and' difference the s tatfe fdighl hay# ifiaae in-the ? . first * instance, ; had the'lmp :iqli*' J v um^^n^lb’ f: thaC the* is not a land-jobber-? - that: it ffndsdts. as much, or more, in:getting people bn the 1 land; as m getting money for the land in'the-first instance ? that the states : having' discharged 1 ‘ it& * duty as a, 1 Vendor, ■ commences 'another ; fnhctioh as a tax-gatherer— ybUr becpihinLg^^at : bhee a f bbhaunier of some or all of .flibse 1 dutiable gb'ods which yield ; tlie great bulk of oUrlarge revenU# J The coun ty becomes opened Up; roods, and bridged are, formed, aiid bxiilt ; the wilderness is subdued to the' usear bf• man;' tfijc cblphy gfoivsr' Then, 'just -as' the biOo'd circulates-" through the human frame, * labor, ; unimpeded oh: any side, flows iii 1 every direction throughout the length mad breadth : 6f f the land, -instead of being dammed :up - and -confined, ‘as J -^tbb c . frequently it how isy ; m little iociil in'one spot, ■ and-, deficiency of hiinds in another, at one 'and the J safiie time; ■ Lobk, ; ; agEthi; at the "secondary evil consequences of doling out land scfeHved hp.tb the 1 highest' price for J agfieidture and/ principalities- ht a merely nominal rent for pasturage; Ybfi 'offeiVd ' that abstract sense 1 of j Ustic'e which, more or HssJ, is found among mefi j ’you fbfce Upon us the 1 conviction that "ther# is a prlrileged and petted'class among ns: Impatieht people : ' ask, why 5 should a sheep farmer enjoy-'muea upon' miles of land," at little xhbr# thah a : nqmbial cannot hold thb smallest Mm on any such terms ? 1 have ho desifh tb Jsthr up class, but whilst such' a "state of 'Jbbihgp 8 , aa -no ; Gonvchtibn, no r? Eastern Market;: is required to effect such an object—jeklousy imd r 'antagonism grow and strengthen of.themselves. Tt has been frequently suppOßed/ahdkt tinies witli some ap pearaiico' 'of tbuhdatloh ? tor 1 'the" supposition; that Vof th# bssOncfi the democratic spirit in country, ''as m bthersVtohateWealth, and to f hull; down ,capß^l rr int# ‘the du#tl' 'Sometimes, perhaps; this low and unworthy spirit r thay be met vrith-; but is it hot eqUaJly prbbablc that this sup ■pdsedliatrcd i# frequently' tafchef Apparent than 'xgal }not at fh# leasfeomethlng "curibusly anbmalpiia ; ifi inen hadhg What they are every hour striving to be£b nie—H am el y, rich men dwpassionaiely at the subject, tMt if the 1 squat ters have evlncbd- Some Selfitrtmess on the one hand, squattei# 6pp orient# have' exlu bited unreason on the other. After all, it is merely human nature, that men who are, as they profess to believojawfully entitled to great advan tages should desire to retain them ; but it is also natural as well as just that the public should desire to make the squatter pay a just rent for the lands he enjoys. Cannot both these objects be achieved without oppression, illegality, or injus tice in any direction ? t think they can ; and I think also these objects can be achieved with vast advantage to the general productive ness and prosperity of the whole coun try, This is ,a ? subject not to be settled by the j( extremely short and neat prescript tioh sometimes proposed tons of “I) riving the squatters across the Murray/' “Driving the squatters across the Murray ** might be driving' our dinners across the Murray ; and pvt in that shape requires to be re-considered- : One vast evil connected with this interest at present stares us in the face, from the uncertainty of the squatting tenure, all the runs throughout the country necessarily remain in an unimproved state. Who will trouble himself to dig. wells, construct reservoirs for water, or even be at the expense of malting two blades of grass grow where one grew before, unless ho have a reasonable as surance that he shall reap where he has sownr Whilst the squatter is liable to be turned put at a moment's notice, without compensation for im provements, he, has of course no motive to improve and, consequently, a great part of Australia Is, in a mitigated form, in much ,the same, situation as was Ireland, between mortgagors and mortgagees, before the passing of the fen cumbered Estates Act. The land at home had ceased to be the property of the mortgagor and lie -was.consequently indifferent and without hope. The land had not become absolutely the mortgagee's, and therefore he had not the deep in terest in the property we observe in ordinary owners* The problem, therefore, was to educe put of this chaps of split-up interests and xndif ferentisms the, beneficial management of the land; by tliose to whom it should be the exclusive pro- j perty. That problem was solved successfully by that most practical as well as scientific statesman/ Sir Hobart Peel* Surely there are no specialities iii our case which make it a more embarrassing one than the Irish difficulty. Apart from faction, jealousy, and wrpng-headedness, the rationale of the matter seems to lie in a nutehel. I pre sume very few persons, who really have any practical acquaintance with this country, will dispute that many of these lands are only lit for pastoral purposes. Nature has passed an eternal sentence of sterility upon them. Are these lands not to be turned to the best ac count? Can they be turned to the best account, unless you give individuals an exclusive interest in them? Can yon give this interest effectually, unless you say that whatsoever the squatter lays out on his squattage, shall be secured to himself its you protect any other person in the enjoy ment of the fruits-of his industry. Can you thus secure the squatter, unless you say he shall enjoy his lease, or compensation in some shape, if he be deprived of it? No. I say then, that in the future administration of tnese merely pastoral lands—whether they be under the State, or under rural municipalities—that at the same time you secure to the public an adequate rental, and the right of ie-entry at any time on equitable terms for sale, you must secure to the sheep farmer, as he will then be called (a new nomenclature mark ing the new era), the thing, or its equivalent lor, which he has bargained, and thenceforth squatter and anti-squatter heartburnings will cease ; pas toral lands will be improved like other lands their leases assignable like other leases, artesian wells would be sunk, artificial grasses laid down, paddocks fenced in, reservoirs formed, home steads established, a vastly additional demand for labor would spring up throughout all these gracing farms in connexion with the improve ments going oxl in them, and beef and mutton, as in the olden time of the colony, would again he 3d. a pound to all of us. Sooner or later, such lands would have to be thus dealt "with, had squatters and Orders in Council never been heard of. It is simply a qnestion of turning your pro perty to the best account. Under the present no-system the squatter is the only party who profits by it. He gains exactly what the public Joses. What is that? The difference between the nominal rent he pays and the fair and sub stantial rent he ought to pay, and which, as he says, he is, under an equitable system, willing to pay, Sixteen thousand sheep, pith run on the Murray, lately cost £24,900. This is at the rate of 31s. a head. For any excess or deficiency in number delivered, allowance/at the rate of 12s. a head, was to be made by either side to the other. The difference, therefore, between the 12s. and the 31s. respectively represents the value of the run, as settled in the sincerest manner between the vendor and the vendee* and amounting to something above £ls*ooo. Now, I would not rack-rent the squatter with a 10 per cent, rental on the above amount; but, something reasonable, let us say, on the grazing capabilities of each run. Let us never be oppressive ; but, bearing in mind old Isaac Walton's recommendation of tenderness even to the worm, let us put the hook into the squatter (i as if we loved him." (Cheers and laughter.) But I sometimes read in the journals reports of public meeting speeches, from which I gather that the Legislative dare not meddle with the squatters, for that the banks have got them, and that the banks are all-powerful. This is startling, and, moreover, rather inconsistent with other aud just referred to descriptions of squatters by the same denouncers* One while, the squatter, with greedy maw, la swallowing everybody else; at another mo ment, the squatter is being swallowed —himself, a fat and sleek deer, gradually going down the capacious throat of a banking boa-constrictor. (Renewed laughter.) So that, upon this pleasant theory, there would appear to be but “ one way" for us oil. Awed then by these awful banks, and sharing only the common reverence for plate - glass, and splendid mahogany, and brass rails, and the mysteries of the parlor, does my friend, therefore, who the other day said to me, in Queen street, “ I hope, in that lecture of yours, you are going to touch up the banks/' think that I am going to do, or attempt anything of the kind. What would the banks care for my touching up —they who can touch up everybody ? Besides, who so jnesumptuous as to say that he really knows anything distinct about those great, sub lime, moneyed mysteries? Who, save Joseph Macardy, who offers himself os a special Pro vidence to take care of everybody's money, from £1 upwards who save he knows any thing about these greatly reverenced es tablishments ? Who but Joseph knows any thing about their assets, their liabilities, their profits, out of what capital made, by what pre cise business, and under what circumstances r Why am I to be called upon to show my ignorance as to the manner or degree in which the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons) which some superstitious people regard as influ encing all the monied tides in the affairs of men ? Why should I vainly attempt to understand how people can discount at 10 per cent., and diride 20 per cent, dividend ? I, may have dim visions of over-trading, and so on; blit 1 fly' the subject, and leave it to the next edition of Joseph Maoardy’s pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the subject, may I not ask why that million’s worth of debentures of the Melbourne issue has not yet seen the light, according to the act in that case made and provided? (Hear, hear.) Of a verity, many a poor servant and small capitalist would be glad to buy a £3O or £SO, or £IOO debenture, carrying every hour on its back 6 per cent, interest, rather than hold ing, a bank note of the same amount, bearing no interest at all. And this brings me to a sub ject to which Legislature itself at some time'may come—l mean to the consideration of founding in this colony a truly national bank, where the state will be, as it ought to be, the only maker of paper money among us, os a legal tender ; when the state will have, as it ought to have, the whole profit derivable-from any credit that state may have in the world, when that very profit may be turned into the means of paying the interest of oiir debentures, or into public works, rather than, being left to any number of people who choose to ioin together, subscribe their deposits, apply for an Act, call themselves a bank, and forthwith commence the Boyal prerogative of nuking money. (‘‘Hear, near /' and cheers.) Ino Haincs-caw-Childers Ministry proposed suck a measure as a National Bank (now some live years back), The Haines Ministry went out; Mr. Childers went home; and the idea became smothered in the land question. But the idea is not dead. Look into Mr. Ricardo's. Works, and you will find ably and distinctly sketched Ills idea of a National Bank, in which the state should have the profit of the banking operations. Such an establishment, I have been informed once existed in New Zea land, and was only discontinued —so I have been told by experienced New Zealand settlers— because the revenue and the transactions were not large enough to make it worth while to con tinue the institution. With a revenue like ours, however, of ,£3,000,000 a-year; with deposits like ours of £6,000,000 a-year,lt seems scarcely neces sary (hat we should henceforth he dependent on English capitalists, working in large measure with colonial moneys. I hare revived the idea s let others work it out to practical issues. Time admonishes me that I must hasten to close* Have I said all that I have to say about the depression ? Well, nearly, but not quite. It seems to mo that great public disasters frequently contain the seeds of still greater benefits, and that even depressions, crises, commercial revul sions, have their uses. They set men thinking, devising, casting about for modes of escape; to giving practical effect to new and valuable thoughts ; to developing resources of the colony, the thought of which may not have occurred to prosperous and contented, and umnquiring minds. ** Sweet are the uses of adversity.'' Now that we have millions of sheep in the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any special glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep; and yet he was an original man, a genius, a brave, self- dependent man in his way. His son, too, the major-general who has so lately left us, what has he not done for our wine trade ? Many years ago, he went himself to Germany, distributed pamphlets in English and German, explained the capabilities of the colony for the cultivation of the vine, and for wine- making.; engaged rignerons, put them on board ship, got into trouble—he told me so him self—on a charge of kidnapping the Germans to this fearful country; and yet he has never pub lished these things; but should he ever read the account of them in any history of the colony, he would blush to find their fame. The great de pression of 1843 and 1844 set the Messrs. O'Brien, of Yass, boiling their sheep—at that time mere woolly vermin—for their tallow. Thus, a fat sheep was found convertible into a five-an d threepenny export. This was a discovery at the time, and acknowledged and appreciated as such: and it was a discovery’—the result of deep and general distress taxing men's Inventions. In like manner, comiug ncarer home, a short time back, a very gentlemanly man—one with whom many in this room are well acquainted—stopped me at the comer of Collins and Queen streets/and said he had understood I was much interested in the de velopment of our resources; and receiving for answer that I was so, he proceeded to say that he had discovered one, that Ke had it about him, and could at once submit it to my consideration. I was interested, as you may suppose, and so must you be. We have read a great deal lately about Australian gems. So per haps your imaginations are already scampering off into tsie regions of mineralogy or geology* Was it a diamond? No. Perhaps an aquamarine topaz, or a ruby, or an emerald? Not at alb You give it up ? Well* then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, and it was,—^what? . A sausage—(roars of laughter)—a. short, red, regular, orthodox, unmistak cable save loy ! Before I had recovered from my surprise he said, “ Taste that, and tell me what you think of it*° Well, I hesitated, because* although I ike savages, I hare a prejudice (perhaps a weak, aud dmcv.Lng, and uufounded prejudice), against sausages being carried about in people’s pockets* In an insiam. however, I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weaknesses, and evi- quite unapprehensive of the cause of my contusion, he pressed the article upon me* I took a cautious and critical nibble. “ Now,” he said, “what do you say to it?” “Well,” I answered, “I have tasted worse sausages than that*” “ I should say so,” said he, “ but what will you think, my dear sir, when I tell you that the whole of that sausage is made out 0/ kanga roo r” “ Well,” I said, “I could believe it*” r ‘l ana going,” he said, “ to apply to the Solicitor- General for a patent, for I believe the idea is thoroughly new*” I said, “I thought so, too.” He- carefully re-wrapped the saveloy in paper, re dropped it into its appointed receptacle, and strode away with an air that delighted me. He did not seem so much to think of any profit derivable from this preparation, as from the fact that he was car rying a portion of the salvation of the colony In his pocket, society all unconscious of the millen nium impending. * We may laugh at this, but is not the great city of Bologna itself better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages, tlian by her fountains, her colossal statues, her picture galleries, her museums and cabinets of art, her Cardinal Mezzofanti’a, her public libraries, or by being the birthplace of one of the greatest orators of our day—Father GavazzL On these occasions, perhaps, we may feel half disposed to despise the sausage, but we are at times glad enough to eat it for all that I maintain that my gentlemanly Mend’s idea is good. It is another, and a worthy attempt, to give by transformation exchangeable value to that which is at present comparatively valueless, many things are yet to be grown and produced in this country, and profitably exported, which down to he present time have never been even thought of. For we are little hotter than Chinese copyists after all* Be it hats, crinoline, peg-tops, houses, or the growing, of wheat and oats, what they do and wear at home we do and wear here. There are stony and arid bits of country in this Victoria on which a sheep would starve, out on which s?n Angora goat would thrive, and bring profit to the owner. The bad times will bring the goats, the wine, the olive, the cotton, the silk, the sausages, the dried fruits, and other good things in due season. But if great depressions work such good results on men’s outward circumstances, how much more do they improve man himself? How ameliorate Ms moral nature ? How soften the hard merchant into the melting philanthropist , how make his heart like that of the ancient mari ner overflow with emotion, and “ bless us un awares.” Look at that speech of Sir Sichel’s, as re ported in the Argus of the Bth of September last, on the universally interesting subject of the provision trade. We always knew him as one of the clearest of intellects ; we now know him as one of the most benevolent of men. (“Hear,” and laughter*) I have ere now been moved by the “reason (as Macaulay finely describes it) pene trated, and made red-hot hy passion,” in the Du of Demosthenes; I have read Cicero’s fine invectives against Oataline and Plunkett’s celebrated knocking at the door; but never have I been more moved than by Mr. Sichel on the minor morals of merchants, what they are, and what they ought to he* touching the provision trade. “If anything goes wrong,” says he, “in Bass’s beer, Sinclair’s hams, or Gould’s butter, who is there, or what means exist here, to provide a remedy ? * Oh, cursed spite —he seems to say—that I should ever be bom to set them right” “ We should act to* gether,” says he, “ not pulling against each other 5 and should endeavor to put an end to the many palty motives, envy, malice, and spite which, it cannot be denied, exists among us. If, on the contrary, we see each other often, and are thrown more together day by day, we shall soon come to act with more unanimity, and more pro fitably to our common interests. Instead of this we are accustomed to a selfish manner of con ducting business, each reckoning his own advan tage more than that of the general body, not one of us/’ says'he, “Is .at the bottom of what goes on in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould’s butter, &c.; Now, Mr. S. P. Lord indorsed every word of these self-denying sentiments, and they passed non, con. How delightful is this 1 (Re newed laughter.) Henceforth we may look for a little more public spirit among the merchants. Henceforth we may hud them standing more fre quently for the Legislature, and thereby ac knowledging that they have duties to the country as well as towards each other, Hence ] forth, at any rate, the Chamber of Commerce ' will be a sort of commercial Agwpemone, 1 or mercantile abode of love. Saltings of invoices and secrets in prices current shall be no more. ; Every man who knows anything by which he may I profit shall henceforth proclaim it, with a loud ! voice, upon ’Change. Dennistoun Brothers shall be Everybody's Brothers, and shall be seen in every direction pouring oil into all sorts of wounds. Litigation shall be at end, and rows of alms-houses, for the lawyers, shall be erected; and his Excellency shall lay the first stone, and congratulate the audience upon the present lec turer being the first "recipient- of the new bounty. (Applause and laughter.) My feelings overeoine me, and I must close the pic ture. Do not imagine, that because I hare been irawn off to a somewhat romping digression, that I have forgotten our situation. If I have shown more levity in the course of this lecture than some "people may think becoming amongst a ruined people, pray consider it is because I for one do hot consider we are ruined at all. Like the gen tleman who had seen too many ghosts himself, to be able to believe in them, so, I have seen the colony ruined too many times, to believe in its going to be ruined now. That there is distress amongst us there can be no doubt* In all periods of transition in every country, there must ever be more or less of distress; distress ever occasionally among industrious, provident, and worthy fami lies 4 Such cases, perhaps,' we have all known. But I believe the greatest outcry about the short comings of the colony proceeds not from this class at all, Unfortunately, every new country has in it large numbers of waifs and strays of humanity, tmfitted for tiny mortal pursuit; a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class, always talking, never doing, save for a few hours together, ana whose fate you have never any difficulty in for telling. These sink down, and succumb here, os they .would anywhere else. But for those who can apply their hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really the matter ? Depression I Commercial crisis, for sooth 1 What’s a commercial crisis, compared with a cannon, ball crisis ? We have heard enough and to spare it is true, about New' Cale donia, and about French fleets in Hobson’s Bay. Let them come; I believe in Old Caledonia, and in Old England, and in “ ould” Ireland, and also in our volunteers, as right, earnest, six o'clock In the morning fellows, who mean it. But Just imagine for a moment that such a fleet were here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught our seven bank mana gers, and clapped them into a chain-gang, and got them all on board ship as hostages for a good rattling ransom? Here’s something like a crisis if you like. What was the imprisonment of the seven Bishops, about which history makes so much fuss, compared with this cooping up of our seven bankers? Imagine them, if you can, looking over the bulwarks of some “ tall admiral/* and pining for their parlors. This is the ludi ■ crons side of war, and wc laugh ; and, strange to say, laughter and teats are never more i sincere than when they are close to each other. I For, whilst contrasting mere distress of peace | with the horrors of war, other and awful compa risons with our own present happy condition pivss upon the memory. Was not Palermo bombarded the other day, and were not wives, and mothers, and little children slaughtered amongst the hus bands, and the sons, and the fathers ? Look at Taranaki’s misery at our very door. Think of the fired homesteads, of the dispersed and ruined households, the hopes and labours of years of patient toil annihilated in an instant among a people who,: the other day, deemed themselves as .secure as we consider onrselves now. Do >we sufficiently and habitually consider, then, r the ad vantages we actually enjoy ? Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some leisure for reading, for thought, and recreation are these posses sion nothing ? Are they not, indeed, all, so far as this mere subluniary life is concerned ? lam not preaching any impossible philosophy, or any anti-colonial degree of abstinence and self-morti fication. I merely mean to say, that there is no thing like loolung resolutely at the better side of of every situation, and being thankful to God that things are no worse It is certain that as man is at present constituted he cannot even pro perly taste pleasure, without having first known pain. We most of us command more than the people of many other countries enjoy, and as much as unsoplusticated man really wants. Ana if at times and seasons—and such times and sea sons come to us ah—we find ourselves unable to live up to our own doctrine, and that we ore yet querulously repining under those losses, and crosses, and petty griefs and disasters, which have power over the strongest as over the weakest, let us still thankfully bear in mind that—as the wisest and most benignant of human spirits has said, — “ This wide and universal theatre Presents more wotul pageants, than the scene Wherein we play in. > Good night. (Loud and prolonged applause.): Dx. Macadam rose 10 move a vote of thanks to Mr, Michie, for the truly magnificent address with which he had favored them, an address in wMch he had given them the history of the past, the present, and even the shadowings forth of the future. It was a lecture that would have done credit to the first men of the mother country, from George Dawson to Professor Blakely, or to that man of men, Thackeray, with whom they might? justly liken Mr. Michie. (Great applause.) Mr. Michie had shed a lustre upon their society by his leeture, which was a truly national one, one that would be paused with interest in England, would endear the colony of Victoria to many a heart, and would prove of great bcnefit to many, both inside and outside the land of their adoption. He begged to call on them to join in a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Michie for his truly valu able and magnificent lecture. (Loud and pro longed cheering.) llis Excellbxcv, in putting the motion, called upon all present to express their assent by their plaudits. Tim request was met by tremendous and con tinued cheering, and one cheer more. Mr. Micniu, in acknowledging the compliment that had been paid him, said, that they were all then suffering a recovery, his audience from ah unco nsion ably long address, and himself from an exertion, winch even for him waa an unusual one. He therefore would not detain them any longer, but would conclude by moving a vote of thanks to His Excellency the Governor, who was at all times found both ready and willing to come forward and favor any move ment for the general benefit of the community with his countenance and support. (Cheers.) Mr. JamiKson seconded the motion, which was carried amid loud cheering. His Excellency, in thanking the large assem bly for the compliment paid him, remarked that although all of them might not perhaps agree with all that had been advanced by Mr. Michie, still they could not but admire the wit and ability with which- the several arguments had been maintained, and the courage with wliich he had run full tilt against some very popular ideas, as well as against many of the prejudices mid opinions of the upper classes, (Applause.) ■ Li fact he thought he had hit them very fair all round. (Cheers.) He again begged to thank the meeting for the compliment they had paid him, and to assure them that he took a deep interest in the welfare and progress of the Young Men’s Mutual Improvement Association. (Loud cheers). The assemblage then dispersed. • / 