VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB SPRING RACE MEET. Friday, 20th October, I860. There was little left to be desired inthe spprt. witnessed oil the second'-day's, meqtjng of the Jockey Club. His Excellency was nqt present; but tlio reason assigned is probably the correct one, and the departure of the mail may i>ossibly have prevented more persons than the Governor from being present. Perhaps to-morrow will make some- amends, for the attendance was hot an improvement upon that of the pre ceding day, though tho weather could not possibly have been more favorable. There is no concealing tho fact that during tho lost two years there has been a lamentable want of ap preciation of the efforts of the racing clubs to cater for the public, and one wopld imaginothat this fine old English sport was but a sickly im portation, tq this colony, nnd not nn amuse ment indigenous to every soil where Englishmen hold sway. The fault might be pointed opt were it necessary but witihhe indulgence of a hope that the same spirit which has characterised the Jockey Club's efforts will be continued by other c)ubs, wo are content to let the matter rest, in the certainty that soonpr or later it wijl he deservedly supported. There were six events on the card, all with one exception well con tested. Tho Maiden Plato brought ont five horses. The favorite and unfortunate Bonnie lloso being scratched gave the race to Colonel, wgosc style of running led to the suspicion that he was older than he looked, but the protest by Mr Atkinson, the owner of Shepherdess, was not allowed, the horse on examination being found up to the mark. Tor tho Jockey Club Sweepstakes there wore four entries, but Mr Dnppa elected to win, with Wildrake and Phoebe was drawn. Plying Colors, owned by Watson, from tho effort of the previous day was thought likely to win but the distance,tine miles, proved too much for her, and tho race wa left to tho raoro aged animals. The struggle be tween Othello and Wildrake was a severe one, and gave rise to much betting, but Othello won by half-a-neck. The Great Metropolitan Handicap fell to tho lot of Gaffer Grey. Mine horses started and to the disappointment of many both Klatcutcher and Haphazard were drawn. Plying Jib for the first time this year or two past exhibited his powers and tho equally notorious Buzzard courted public favor. Between them and Gaffer Grey the interest of the contest lay, and the aged horse wou it with more ease than was generally anticipated! The Junior stakes unfortunately gavo rise to an accident of a serious kind. Bonnie Hose was the favorite, her only opponeuts being Dauntless, Contest and Lucy Atshton. Her exhibition of temper yesterday led to a change of-jockey and Carter-was substituted for Bishop ill the hope that he would have more command over hop. Tjie start was effected with less difficulty "than for tho Derby, but before the ' animals had settled down to their paces, Bonnie lloso tripped and fell, injuring herself ro severely as to be liBcleia for life, if the alternative of Bhooting her is not adopted. Tl^o jockey was also hprt, and conveyed from tho courso inBensibJo, l|ut hag not, it is said apd hoped, received any in.qro se rious injury than a wound upon the shoulder. Ti}eso accidents are to bo deplored and regretted, but they cannot l)e foreseen and guarded against. People may say tb*t f it $}l pouje? qf^oiug to races," but as much might he mid of goipg tq to a or goiug to bed. It they art) to Iks viewed a- Mm* infestations of displeasure at tho wickcdnoss of this generation, we have hut to extend the range of our vision and it will embrace accidents innume rable, the least meuiorablo that attending Spur geon's preaching at the Surry Gardens, which it would bo sheer impiou6ncss to attribute to any thing but natural paip^. Tho fall of ltonnie lloso, which will bo fouud more fully described below, gave Dauntless a ehancojwhich ho took advantage of, Lucy Ashton being second. The Selling Stakes exhibited no less than four teen entries, and nine horses competed. Lucy Glitters was drawu, aud Haphazard took her placo in the bettiug. Between birn, Yankee, and Lod don, or as it is said Corsair, the race lay, Hap hazard winning Yankeo second, and Coreair or Loddon third. Tho winuer was put up for Bale at £S0 and bought in. * ! Till! Corinthian Hurdle Race was a gift to Watsou'B Modesty. Donovan, Brown, and Birth day, ran against her, but tlioy had not die ghost of a chalice. Modesty was ridden by Watson. The programme to-morrow (Saturday) is ati ample one, and is likely to turn out the best day's running' of tho" week*."-'' It "beiug"*the working man's holiday, 110 doubt there will be a very Largo attendance. His Excellency*the Governor will be present. 1 The following are the events of tho day in tho order in which they were run: — Tur. Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs, with a sweep! stakes of 5 sovs each. One mile mid a-half! Weight for age Mr Jefi'rey's eh o Colonol, lato Cossack, 3 yrs (Waldock) ■ ■ ■ 1 Mr A. Chiruside's h g Reindeer, aged, (Carter) Mr Phillips's b g Rob, aged, (Hnttou) . , Mr 11. Atkinson's br f Shepherdess, ■ 3 yrs, (Macdouald) ..0 Mr H. Yoend'a br f Rosalind, 3 yrs, (Yecnd) 0 Mr W. Lang's b o Presto, 3 yrs ... set Mr Cowell's b C Bonny llose, 3 yrs .. set Mr W. Ileudersou's b g Loddon, 5 yrs .. set This race was advertised to start at one o'clock, but punctuality is not a feature in the manage ment of cither tho Jockey or Turf Clubs, anil it" was nearer two before the bell rang for saddling. Tho favorite up to tho morning of the race was Bonnie Rose and 3 to I each was laid against the Colonel and Rob. Bonnie Rose being scratched to save her for the Junior Stakes the . Colonel sprang into favor 2 to 1 being offered against him,* 6 to 10 against Reindeer, 3 to 1 against Rob, anil 7 to 1 against Shepherdess. Of the eight entries Presto, Bonnie Rose and Loddon were drawn, so that hut five horses paraded before tho Grandstand. A good start was effected, Rob jumping off with tbo lead, which ho may be said to have taken and that was ail,—the Colonel well' on bis haunches, and Reindeer holding the third position. Before many yards had been covered, Colonel took tho running and Reindeer changed places with Rob, aiid this order was preserved to tho winniug post,—Colonel winning easy. Rosalind never once showed any ability to take up a posi tion worthy of notice, and Shepherdess was equally dilatory. A protest was eutercd against 1 Colonel by the owner of Shepherdess, on tho ground that the horse was a four year old and not eligible. The protest was entertained by the stewards, but on enquiry and examination of Co ! ionel's mouth and pedigree, it was determined that i he was entitled to the stakes. Jockey Club Sweevstakes of 20 sovs each, half forfeit, with 75 sovs added. Three mites; weight for ago. Forfeit to be declared before seven p.m the night before the nice. Mr Evans's big Othello, aged (Waldock) ... 1 Mr G. Duppa's b g Wildrako, 5 yrs (Ray) ... 2 Mr G. Watson's b f Flying Colours, 3 yrs, (Ryan) .. 3 Mr G. Duppa's eh m Phaibo, 5 yrs, i ... scr. Mr W. Lang's Daiiutlcss did not accept. This was an interesting raco, and well con tested. Tho running of Flying Colours the previous day established her as the favorite, and the betting was oven and ill some instances 2 to 1 on her. 6 to 4 was offered agrnust Wildrakc, and 6 to 2 against Othello. Wildruke was the first to show in front Othello close in the rear. Past grandstand Othello went up in front of Wild rake. Flying Colours also exchanged. places with him for second, position. This order was kept past the abattoirs and towards the ap proaches to the Grand Stand, the second time round, Wildrake, from being third, then improved hia position, and ran for some distance neck and neck svtlh Flying Colors, but the pace being too fast, Flying Colors gave way and Wildrakc strode rapidly ahead to wrest the honors from Otbollo, who imagined he was to have it alibis own way, though racing swiftly. Coming into the straight running, Wildr'ako challenged Othello, and for the last quarter of a mile the contest was undecided, hut Waldock, by dint of iockcyship aud a severe nmilication of the whip, contrived to phim Othello1 by half a neck the winner of the race. Great Metropolitan Handicap, of 100 with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs^each!' Entrant, „„aov3' *w0 ^t'c. Second liorso to receive 20 sovs out of the stakes. Winner 0f freo Handicap to carry filb extra. s Gaffer Gra* aS«l. Mr W. Lang's brh Flying Jib, 4 yrs Sat 61b 1 , • _ .^oa(krson 113 bli Buzzard, 4 vra Sst 91b Morrison ' Mr G. Watson's bl g The Moor, aged, U m MouaUan M6cnS''s 8rg FlatcatcUer'0 yra Mr a Evans's brg Othello, aged, fist, scratched 0 Patter Kc'g,U':"18 b S ir:ulby. aged, Sit UConnLelfy'S brm ®ee3ff!nS> age<l, Sst 12Lb • ° as ch m Dispatch, 6 yrs Sat ° iUlb, Jenkins . . . a Mr "a ^'! ? Al|illa' aEK'> "st 41b. Hayes 0 121b Ryan °8 m Fortress' 5 J™ '8t ;Mlot?c'Sched8brS HapkZ-V'!' ^ &t; 0. Mwii,'sS£r'sgrsHuntsmm',yra^ 0 For the handicap nine horses started. Flat, catcher, Othello, Haphazard, and Huntsman boing in G,ray was "l° favorite, and Buziard and I'lying Jrbwera also in request. 5 °'2af£. LlUZZ,1,r(I; 3 to 1 agsfc Flying Jib ; G to I agat Gaffer Gray; 8 tolagst Othello, Moor, and Tranby ; and 10 to t agst the rest, were the quotations at lattereall's the preceding. even iug, and oicept a cliaoije in fclio »m sition of Gaffer Gray tho betting was much the same. There was some difficulty in starting. an parently owiue to the Moor sfauding aloof. One raise start iyas mado, hut after a Becond trial hlying Jib jumped in front, Despatch second flTl i n"" r-6St a body hahind, the Moor last. On passing the Stand, Buzzard led, the Jib second, and Despatch third. Past the Stand Despatch fell hack and Atillatook the third place, Lecswmg and the Moor all behind. Qa(rer Gray having mauagcd to shake off his competitors surrounding him, took up a prominent position, ?h,Mh Pa.<? main!aiue<1 >' Was apparent that the race would rest with Buzzard, Flying Jit, and Gaffer Gray. Near the abattoirs which is situ-' ate abouthalfwayround tho course, viewing it from the Grandstand, Gaffer Grey went close up and assumed the second place, Buzzard and tho Jib racing neck and neck. Before rounding tho bend for the straight running all three horses were doing their best, and it was doubtful which would win,each animal .alternately obtaining a sli-lit advantage. Tho race was however for Gaffer Gray, who wpn by about two lengths. Flying Jib second; Buzzard a good third, Attila not pLed TheJunior Stakes of SO sovs, with a sweepstakes ofSsovseach. Weight forage. Three.quar ters Or it milfl TiViw i il ^. « T o °. M s tn'° and three.yr-oldij. Tiyo.yr-olds, Sst 81b; three-yrs, Sst lib. , M inner, of Derby or Saplings to carry 31b ex v' n']"5'" b,° '?a»n,leS3' Svrs (Ilainea) m il i an " f Lucy jlshto'>. 2 yrs. ...men a h * I j.l. . ' ^ (H°%>. 2 Mr R. Atkinson's b o Contest, 3 yrs. fDbwImid a Mr to-C?"0";8 b f Bonnie Rose, 3 yrs. (Srtm) rf i\ir W. Lane s h p. Sppimiitio o * wr w «angls b c ?ecuntl,1«. 3 vrs ' .. RCr Mr W. Henderson s b c Falcon, 3 yrs1 ... scr. At the close of the last race some timo was by common consent, devoted to luncheon, an hour being supposed to elapse between it and the sue needing race, the Junior Stakes. Socundus'irid 3 wToTo 'TM11!Cl a'J'' tb°111081 ^"''ig was Lnnl n !J barring one, understood to be Bonnie Ros.e-whoso race it was universally believed emlt'ofBl raerC " *«• a"d the Em n • SCe provod for a serious accident hefei Boiuiio Rose and her rider. Tho horsea being skirted, Contest rushed forward, but from the starting po,nt near tho abattoirs to the bend a blanket would have covered, tho four. This bend or curve 111 the formation of the oourae, prevents your obtaining a view of the progress of the horses un . they have shuwn in tho atraight running, and whilst all eyes were fixed upon the animals, Bonnie Rose was observed to make a rush, which was considered to he a movement to tako tho lead but the nest moment she stumbled, fell bead foremost, and turned a complete somersault with her hind-quarters, and coming to tho ground heavily. ^ leived from tho Grand Stand it was thought to lio a mere stumble, whioh tho jockey might recover, though the chances of wiiinine tho raco would Ik hopeless. But as Bonnie Rose lay quiet, and ]wr jockey was observed to make an attempt to rise but was unable to do so, it was at onco sur-i miscd that something serious had occnrred, and a rush was made to the spot. A crowd soon col lected, and the mounted police with great diffi. culty kept a clear circle round the horso and the jockey, who were both lying on tho ground, the latter attended by some medical gentlemen whilst a veterinary surgeon tendered all the aid in ids' power to Bonnie Hose. Tim jockey Garter was covered with blood and senseless, and fears were entertaiucd that he had received some severe in. jury hut after washing him he recovered and tin nature of his hurt was found to b from a superficial examination, a wound' in tho shoulder from which a large piece of W18 struck off as though by the hoofs of the frdli'ii" horse. A carriage was promptly procured, and lie was removed to an hotel across the Salt M'utor River, to bo better cared for, and we could „ot before leaving the course that any other injury |.a,i been received. Poor Bonnie Rose lay all thi time 011 the ground trembling in every limb tl e sweat teemiijg from every pore. Ti\ the rye 4,.™ appeared no wound or braise, but. the injury ,v„ found to l;e 1,1 the pelvis, the bone of which w" broken and the hind quarters of the animal eon sequentiy paralysed An attempt was made to raili her from tho ground, and a number of iqeq lifted her bodily upon her feet, ami passing their hand ' under her belly, and holding her head firmly she was moved a pace or two, l,„t ,he injury K retrievable, and she was laid quietly down u„m the field0 r 1,r°CUtCd hev froni l,™ , 0."c cmnnserated tho brute beast, whose sutterings appeared to be most acme and but for the high estimation en e tamed ot her by her owner she would have been ti'a d'T f ° 'i15'' TlH! Vct' » hope that the broken bono may heal, but for all time o come Bmmie Rose has rim her last race . m,a,nntr 'n which she fell was not observed by any one, but it is surmised that she tripped, or crossed her legs and went down with violence tho speed at which she was going throw. lug her haunches upon her head and into the air MWS her to {all with great violence, 'j'his. mishap, so truly is it that " it's an ill wind that blows noliody good," gave the race to Dauntless, —Lucy Asbton running second audConteBt third, Selling Stakes, of 50 sovs. Entrance 3 sots One mile and n half. Weight for age, with conditions and allowances. If entered to be sold for L150, allowed 41b; for L100, allowed ..,61b: for L80, allowed 14lb;'forL50, allowed 211b; forvL30, allowed 281b. The winner to ; be sold by auction on' the course immediately ■ after the race, and any surplus over the entered 7 price to go to the Race Fund. Any horse entered and run, and not priced, may bo claimed by the Stewards for L150, whether he be the winner or otherwise. Mr A. Chirnside's br g Haphazard, aged, LSO, (Mitchell) . _ ..1 Mr 15. Coleman's bg Yankee, aged, L50, (Do . nolly) ... 2 Mr J. Henderson ns b c The Corsair, 3 yrs, , L50, (ltedman) ... 3 Mr W. Lang's ch m Miss Wildspin, aged, L30, * (Hayes) ' 1.. 0 Mr G. Greensway's b m Birdswing, 4 yrs, L80, (Waldock) .. 0 Mr R. Atkinson's b c Contest, 3 yrs, L80, (Ryan) ■ . .. 0 Mrll. Yecnd'sb g Sebastopol, 0" yrs, L30, (Ycend) . ... 0 Mr H Phillips's b g Flying Vox, aged, L50, (Hutton) '..0 Mr H. Fisher's b g Hardnails, Oyrs, L50, (Simpson) ... 0 Mr II. Grant's b g Terras, late Mainstay* aged, 1,80 ■ , ; ..scr Mr W. Henderson's b g Cbeeryman, aged, L30 scr Mr W. Hendersou'sbgLoddon, fi yrs, LSO ... scr Mr T. Harm's b g Red Deer, 5 yrs, L100 .. sec MrW. C. Yuille's br m Lucy Glitters, 5 yrs, L50 ..scr Thero were 14 entries for this race but oulyB came to tlio post, those scratched beiug Red . Deer, Luey Glitters, Tarrss late Mainstay, Clieriyiuan, and . Loddou. Miss Wildspin and Lucy Glitters were tlio favorites until the latter was drawn, when Haphazard came into notice, HanlnailB took tlio lead and pounded away in front followed by Flying' Fox aiid Wildspin. Con test bolted when near tlio old stand. Haphazard then showed in front with llirdswing^Flying Fox rae'uig with Yankee for third plaeo. Both Birds, wing anil tbo Vox baviug bad enough, Yankee weut up to pay his respects to Haphazard, and in sisted on accompanying liini to the winning post, but could not gut in advance. Hap. wiuning by a cimple of lengths, Corsair third. Such at least is onr opinion, but the numbers shown at the Stand were H Haphazard, 13 Yankee, 12 Loddon, though Loddon was posted as scratched. This however only affects the third horse, which wa could not correct iu time for our report. The winner was, according to the stipulations of the race, put np to nuction, and bought in for tho figure put upon liini by the owner, viz., LSO, ConiNTHUN HunDLB Race, of SU sovs. En trance, 5 sovs. . Twico round. Gentlemen riders, to ho approved of by the Stewards. Welter weights. - Mr J. Key's gr m Modesty, aged (Watson) ... 1 Sir S. Cole's b g Birthday, late Blue Bonnet, aged (Cole) ... 2 Mr 15. Leahy's bg Donovan Brown, aged (Fa veil) ..3 Sir G. SVatson'sgrg Pioneer, aged ...scr _ Slodesty was the favorite, ami was to have been ridden by Connelly but some objection was taken, the card stipulating gentlemen riders,'and at'the last moment Watson mounted. Modesty took her leaps in ber usual style, Dovovan Brown nnd Birthday keeping ber company for a short while. Tbo second time round Modesty was held back ami her opponents encouraged to take the lead, •but before ucaring borne tho mare quietly walked up, passed her rivals and won with several lengths to spare. Donovan Brown was well up for second place when he baulked at the last leap but one, and before he could be brought round Birthday passed the post as the second horse. 