HUNTING TUB I.A.SX XtUnr of tlio fflTEKIIOlTRIfE llOtI.tJU-1. Dkar Bell,— It is a long time since 'Nimrnds Ghost' recorded the doings of his favourite club, accident having turned his equestrianism into bedriiMenism, and sorry is he that, on again appearing in your columns, it is only to sketch that almost melancholy occurrence to the ardent lover of tho chase, ' tho last day of tho season.' However, a hopeful mind can always acquire consolation, if even in the bare fact of the last of the present being nearest \\\\\e first of the next; and so we hunters will try, a la Mark Tapley, to be as jolly as pos Biblo under the circumstances. At any rate, we havo got tho fun of the Hunt Steeplechases to occupy our thoughts for the next fortnight; and during the sum mer wo ctn cheerfully look forward to an improved season at tho sterns of the imported (and much needed) hounds that are almost daily cxDected. On Tuesday last, tho meet was fixed for Oaklolgh, at the sliarp hour of seven in the morning, it being most advisable, so late in the year, to reach tho cover sido be fore the ' dew is off the trass.' Punctual to tho moment, the master and about a score of tho ' regulars ' arrived at tho tryst, and, early as it whs, host Gibson had an excellent breakfast ready. Quickly was this unex Kccted foundation laid, and long before eight o'clock tho ounda were thrown into the heath about half-way between tho Oakleigh and Brighton country. In a very short time, it was evident from their waving Bterns, the challenges of the lcadois, and whimpers of tho young 'uns, that game was afoot, nor had the anxious sports men long to wait before the line was picked up, and ' Tho trot becamo a gallop soon,' as sings tho ballad of Johnny Gilpin. For nbqut eight mile* lho pace was a regular rum 'un, and it was ' bel lows to mend ' when a fortunato check occurred, although no jumps had been crossed except in tho pre liminary draw. Short breathing time, however, was allowed, as the pack were speedily on terms again, and another burst of four or five miles, with slower hunting, wns enjoyed. The long-tailed-'un now commenced dodging, and no patienco could finally 'spring his plant.' The running was all the time in a circle between Mulgravo and tho famous bank and ditch that has caused so many dirty coats tnis season, and tho quarry was only viewed once. It grieves tho writer to havo to tell of a sad misfortune that hcfell the borsn of a favourite member of tho hunt. Shortly after tho chaso began, a mugo of houghs, for it could not bo dignified into -x fenco, had to bo crossed, n'd little Nimrod, despising and jumping it carelessly, so entangled his fore-legs that he pitched forward on bis head, anrt broke his neck. His rider was thrown Boveral yards bevond, and, on recovering his legs, was astonished to find hi 9 nng still lying on the ground. On taking hold of the bridle, tho poor brute gave two feeblo kicks, and instantly expired. Two friends, tho only persons near, immediately pulled up to render their assistance; but all that could bo done was to join company with Mr. S., and assist his return to Oakleigh by riding ' trick and tye' through tho bush. A neighbouring cockatoo settler wa3 liberally Daid to skin tho luckless animal, and in the evening he duly delivered in Mel bourno the hide and hoofs, which tho late owner intends to keep m memoria. Nimrod wa.-i an Adelaido horse, well known for his cleverness, nnd carried Mr. Wats n in good stylo two years ngo. Mr. S. purchased him at the commencement of the season, and has ridden him gamely and ably nt every meet, although tho first year of regularly joining in the 'joys and dangers of the field.' Much regret is felt by all lor his loss, .but tho condo lence is tempered with sincere congratulations at the rider having escaped without injury. There wns a little fencing nttho finish of tho chase, Blackboy and Jubus performing well, but one or two others assuming determined fits of baulking. No other noticeablo events occurred, and all hnnds were at home soon after dinner time. This, dear Bell, concludes my chronicles of tho Melbourne Hunt doings this year; but I shall write you onco again in the strain of a homily on the past season, and gladly will his task f -r next winter bo resumed by NIMROD'S GHOST. .. 