METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion. J London, Saturday Evening, January 14. The first distinctive note of the coming session is struck to-day in the customary letter of invitation from the ministerial chief to the Treasury followers, summoning a punctual attendance on Tuesday week, propitious for whiggery, being the birthday of Fox, for the dispatch of " business of importance " Little of the fox will those so summoned possess if they believe in the promised importance, although there is some sort of conviction that attempt will really be made to reduce the expenditure of the governmental personnel in all branches to the standard it had been brought to by the late commander-in. chief, whose example is being cited in a variety of quarters wherein he had been long regarded with aversion. In fact his spirit seems to rule the hour as when he was in the flesh, and that is no bad augury that "some-' thing will be done as well as talked of One of the most remarkable literary features of the times is the perpetual appearance of new works about Wellington, or new evidences of Wellington's own work, or something or other concerning Min. And these not economic foolscap effusions of the run-and rend school, bought for sixpence one hour, and sold for twopence, and forgotten the next ; but heavy expensive octaves, that make substantial demands on the pocket, and should do so on the thinking apparatus, of the purchasers. "Within a very short time we have had the Indian despatches, and the Irish despatches ; both ponderous publications, in themselves respectively equalling the collected works of some of the most copious authors of the present age of unparalleled takiness. Only the other day we had the last of Brjalmont's three weighty tomes of the Duke's biography, with Chaplain-General Greig's supple- mental particulars and to-day we have two further bulky volumes, of nearly 700 pages each, by Mr. Charles Duke Yonge, giving more last words about the immortal P.M., and suggesting that there are still additional data in the background. Mr. Yonge describes his book to the present Duke, who gave him all the assistance he was capable of after having so lately added Gleig with whatever memoranda the Apsley-house archives could furnish. Yonge makes special mention of the privilege of printing the Fall's commentary on General Clausewitz's narrative of Waterloo, wherein the Prussian claims a dominant share of credit for his countrymen, and which claim Wellington takes infinite pains to demolish. But this commentary had already been published by Greig, and not even by him for the first time. Yonge also says that Lord Colchester permitted the use of his late father's political diary that Mr. Algernon Greville, private secretary for many years, communicated much concerning his Grace's private habits that Lady Carmichael Smyth gave him a sketch of the entire chain of "Waterloo taken in September, 1891, by the Duke's orders, and used by him for the battle in 1815, it fac-simile of a portion, with the Duke's own pencil marks on it is presented in the first volume is that Lieutenant-General Oldfield, H.A.s supplied a plan of the battle, at which he was present, and much military information respecting it-, that plans and particulars of Salamanca and Vittoria were given by Major Hopkins, of the 43rd that Archdeacon Hayward, gave a curious letter of the Duke's relative to the Oxford chancellorship election and finally, that Provost Hawtrey has allowed to be engraved, as fron- timepiece, he Lawrence portrait of himself presented by the Duke to Eton in 1819. All these accumula- tions of originality and exclusiveness ought to make an attractive aggregate, hut they do not; for Mr. Yonge has not the art of turning them to account, and the contents by no means realise the promise of the preface. Mr. Yonge is afflicted with an ambition for line writing ¡ but he is not a fine writer, very much the reverse ; weak, turgid, and twiddling, like Alison of M'Knight, a cockney preacher or provincial editor of the knocklofty order. The only really original thing he tells us about the Duke is that he once had a partiality for drawing the bow ; but fortunately it wasn't the long one and he shortly got rid of it We all know that Wellington inherited the love for music to be expected in the son of the author of "Here, in cool grow," and that while for many years director of the once famous Ancient Concerts, he selected the pieces himself, preferring the grand and severe style to the lighter productions of the modern French and Italian. But the idea of the thrice re- nowned Arthur, Duke of Wellington, "focus alone of all the rays of fame," him of the " eagle beak and eye that never looked below on an unvanquished foe," ploying on the fiddle was too preposterous for human entertainment, that is, to be entertained by human beings, assuming said beings to be Britons. Alcides twiddling the distaff of Omphalc was nothing to the victor of Assaye's sanguined plain, " victor of all the fields of Spain, victor of France's despot reign," as Croker sang, bowing his nose over the bridge of an Amati violin, the conquering plenipotentiary of Verona subdued by a Cremona ! But was it really a fiddle ? Worse - a violoncello, the most and picturesque of instruments, in the manipulation of Alison, P'Qreny himself would look like an alderman who had got hold of a two- year old pig, and was equally afraid to hold on or let go the bristly and bass, voiced animal. It seems that Wellington himself came to an early sense of the ridiculous in the matter, and preferred teaching the young idea how to shoot instead of to rasp. The chief cause was, that in keeping time on the instrument he lost it on parade j and as that would entail a drum-head obligate, he left off staccato solos, and took to the direction of arpeggio combinations in the shape of platoon firing, bugle blasts, shrieks on wry necked rifles, the booming of artillery, and the other ear-splitting etceteras incidental to annihilation overtures. " The present Duke tells Duke Yonge the story of the one wound his father received. It was at Orthesj one of his last battles with Soult, and which is inscribed as a French victory, as well as Toulouse, which followed shortly after, on the Arc de Triomphe at Paris. At the most critical moment of the contest he was hit in the groin by a musket ball nearly spent, but which retained sufficient force to throw him from his horse in a state of such complete insensibility that the Spanish General Alva, who dined with him so many "Waterloo days afterwards, thought he was killed. In a few minutes, however, he recovered sufficiently to pass a jest on his wound, though he could not take part in the pursuit, A short time before the occurrence he in and Alva had met a Portuguese soldier returning from the front, who gave is his excuse that he was a' offendido," slightly hurt. The Duke, to whom the expression was new, was laughing at it, when he fell and when he recovered and saw his Spanish friend standing over him in a state of alarm, he reassured him, saying " only offendido." There is a clearer account given by Yonge than elsewhere of the Duke's belief in the possibility of peace with Napoleon even after Toulouse, which was fought without either Wellington or South knowing of the Emperor's abdication, and of the consequent uselessness of such waste of life and means. It was with Sir Watkin Wynn that the idea originated of the Duke holding Strathfieldsaye of the Crown by the presentation every 18th of June of a t i coloured flag, as the estate of Blenheim bound the successors of Marlborough to make on offering of a banner of fleur-de-lis on each returning anniversary of the route and capture of Marshal Titllard. What would the fiery Taffy say had he lived till now, and seen no banner on Waterloo Day, or at least no mention of it, us though Britannia blushed at the remembrance ? What hecatombs of Welch rabbits and oceanic line tions of Druidical ale would not the indignant son of St. David have offered up and poured out at baronial "Wynnstay in modification of the grief that would oppress him if he learnt that even the very name of the Waterloo Gallery in Windsor Castle had been obliterated, though the portraits therein have not yet had their faces turned to the wall, which ought to be done to keep the other portions of the performance in countenance. And for what? To humour the very same hallucination that the unfortunate four Liverpool merchants have been made the scapegoats o. . Bull's dismal drollery for giving tongue to ! The manhood of England seems to have been emasculated on this head, and our strong minded females should set about restoring it, bearing in mind, as these Amazonia fair ones doubtless do, that, in the words of Yonge, who is not altogether without humour, the " ladies of England had adorned Hyde-park in the Duke's honour with a statue of Achilles dead as when Thetis dipped him in the Styx a somewhat odd memorial of a warrior who amidst his great perplexities and perils, had' always found time to attend to the cleanliness of his neckcloth and the cut of his Hessian boots." It is rather remarkable to find Yonge saying soon after this; in reference to the death of the Duchess, she had been a lady of great beauty and accomplishments, and had done the honours of his house with eminent grace and dignity, but the Duke had been rather a kind and high bred than an luxurious and devoted husband. His natural disposition inclined him to the sterner business of active life rather than to gentle dalliance, for which he had not even much sympathy, since in one of his earlier Peninsular dispatches, we find him speaking as to the conduct of one of his most distinguished officers in a tone of regretful wonder at the influence which woman had over sensible '''What officer was this? Anglesey? The Duke deemed him by no means a sensible man, but the "greatest fool he over know in his life," if an opinion passed on one remarkable occasion, somewhat similar to the theologic embroilment now going on in Ireland, be taken as a deliberate judgment. Besides, it was not till after his first return from the Peninsula (1809) that Anglesey, he being the father of eight children at the time, captured the wife of his friend, Henry Wellesley, the Duke's brother, she being mother of four children, married her, fought a duel with her brother, Captain Cadogan, and paid her late husband £20,00 damages, being half the sum his son, the present marquis, paid the other day in a similar case. Mr. Henry Wellesley, however, was more of a philosopher than the other plaintiff, for he offered to take his worser half back, but she wouldn't go, although she professed prodigious repentance ; whereas Anglesey, in a letter to her brother, whom he wouldn't at tim go out with, put the case as one of sheer ilemcntcdncss, namely,' "I have nothing to say in just lication of my conduct to your sister, but that it has been produced by an attachment perfectly unconquerable. She has lost the world on my account, and the only atonement I can make is to du vote myself not to her happiness (which with her feeling of mind is impossible but to endeavour by every means to alleviate her sufferings. My life is here, not my own. It distresses me beyond all description to refuse you that satisfaction [blowing his brains out] which you have a right to demand. My causes bad indeed, but my motive for acting thus is good. I hoped you would have made allowance for my peculiar situation, and thereby have largely added to the extreme kindness already shown your sister upon this affecting occasion." The Lady Charlotte herself, in a letter of the wailing Traviata-strain to her husband's friend, says, "Indeed, indeed, dear Mr. Arbuthnot, if you knew all, you would pity more than blame me could you tell' all the resistance that has been made to this criminal, this atrocious attachment, you would feel for me." The brother, however, refused to be thus propitiated. Out the pair went to Chalk Farm ; pistols for two coffee for one ; but all ended in smoke first, and hilarity afterwards. Anglesey's wife married the then Duke of Argyll; Wellesley's wife married Anglesey, and became a leader of fashion, and patroness of Magdalene Asylums and the children of the latter marriage married the children of the said Captain Cadogan (himself son of a divorced mother who became an admiral and a peer of the realm his son, Lord Chelsea, marrying the daughter of another of Wellington's brothers, the Rev. Valerian Wellesley. As to Wellington being insensible to the sex, the ladies who erected the un pantalooned statue in Hyde Park knew better than that and even Yonge himself, like Gleig, admits that the Iron Duke was as impressionable as wax. where one of the softer gender was concerned and this not in his old age but in his prime. The lately issued memoirs of that Gallic angel, and that long married march and vestal widow, Madame Recamier, is tolerable proof on that point; and thereby hangs a strange tale told in the new number of the Edinburgh, out to-day, by one who evidently knows what was what in 1915, as well as who's who in 1866, namely;--" Wellington had considerable defects, among them a certain bluntness of perception on some points, and a want of tact which not infre- quently accompany simplicity and directness of character like his. It does not at all surprise us that Madame Recamier should have felt shocked and dis- pleased at the coarseness which led him to imagine that her patriotic sorrow of the result of Waterloo would be lost in her joy at the fall of her personal enemy, [Bonaparte, who banished her because she would not yield to him, and because her house was the rendezvous of some of his ill- wishers, though many of his own family were her intimates, his brother Lucien being her red-hot lover, till her illness froze him]. We fully admit that the words which the Duke is said to have addressed to Madame Recamier the first time he saw her after this great victory over Napoleons has been batter - [I have thrashed him thoroughly - were in very bad taste. The consequence of this speech was, we are informed, that Madame Recamier door was shut against him so that, by a singular chance, the some lady who had rejected Napoleon's attentions at the height of his power, affected to avenge his fall on his too successful antagonist. We happen to know, however, that Madame Recamier was by no means so incapable of appreciating the Duke as these frivolous expressions would lead us to imagine. She was struck by the simplicity and truth of his character, and estimated these qualities as they deserved. It will probably be long before the grounds on which rest our veneration for him will be understood in France, where military talents take precedence of all others." Though Yonge is extravagantly ence. minister on the allies, he admits, more freely than probably any writer favourable to them, that the Prussians were terribly cut up at Ligny, and that the British fared badly at Quatre Bras. As to the real numbers engaged at Waterloo, and the precise time the light began, and at which the Prussians came up, he leaves all in that Golden historic uncertainly which supplies such a mockery of the pretended minutes; of transactions in these days, when every iota about everything is set forth as though each chronicler were an eye-witness, with a Rickett's stop watch in one hand and a Mordan'S pencil in the other four gobemottche public swallowing all, with more voracious credulity than their ancestors of the thirteenth century credited the old wives' legends of diabetic and witchcraft which then did duty for printers' imps. Probably there have been ten thousand accounts written of Waterloo. Are these two that agree r is the one of which any- body can say that is the truth, even in respect to a single point of importance ? Take the hour at which the battle is said to have begun. Wellington himself first said 10 o'clock, but afterwards said 11, while Napoleon said 12 making a difference of two hours, a period that would have sufficed to reverse the destinies of the world but it kept back Blucher or advanced Grouchy by such space. Alison, with that assumption of accuracy and authority which has made him an oracle with Biitishnoodledom, says in that " vivarium of canards," as the northern periodical to-day happily calls his history, " the village clock of Nivelles wits striking eleven when the first gun was fired from the French centre." Who could question such circumstantiality ? Yet Nivelles is far beyond the sound of a gun from the French centre, and the French centre was consequently far beyond the sound of Nivelles clock, if it had a clock, which is doubtful, and probably it hasn't a timepiece to this here. Sir Charles Colville was stationed with a whole division at Hal, only seven miles distant, and neither he nor any of his men heard anything of the fighting all day long, or knew there was a battle at Waterloo or any- where else till after it was over. Yet a pedantic and presumptuous Pict, writing nearly forty years after, and four hundred miles from the field, hears a ' clock strike that didn't strike and his report is accepted as gospel by the whole reading public of these highly enlightened isles of ours that are so shocked at the ignorance of the rest of the world wonder in", for instance, that the Celestials don't use their planet through the instrumentality of a Man in the Moon, or that the Grand Turk doesn't expedite a reform in the harem by a divorce court under some Creswell Call or Mufti, or Effendi, or Bey, or whatever therib-scvering functionary should be called. Our knowledge of domestic political matters under the Duke, or during the Duke's time, is not much increased by Mr. Yonge, though occasionally we come across a reminder of old times calculated to astonish us e, such, for instance, as Melbourne going down to Brighton after Earl Spencer's death, and proposing to King William, no longer Reform Bill, that Lord John Russell should take the leadership of the Commons, and, of all things on earth or under the earth, the Chancellorship of the Exchequer ! Barons of Runnymede, Bill of Rights, and ghost of Lord Somers, only fancy Finality at figures, not of rhetoric, i but arithmetic. Why the command of the channel fleet even in an equinoctial hurricane, and with the compass boxing its own head off, would be nothing to the undertaking ; nor the litho triptic operation either. What magnetism can there be in the budget that causes it to prove such a load I stone alike to settle the most mercurial and most' I dense? Hitherto there, have been but three things for which every one conceives himself to be better qualified than anybody else, namely, to edit a newspaper, drive a gig, and poke the fire. But national financing should clearly be added to the category. "We all know that Lord Palmerston considered his speciality to be taxation and a lucky thing for us or our great grandchildren, if he had had the chance for he would have so "laid it on" that we should have thought he was taking it off all the while, just as we imagine he is doing the liberal when it is doing us and the other thing he is. The consequence might have been that we should have wakened up some fine morning and found the National Debt paid off for the benefit of posterity-, though it is possible we might have likewise found ourselves puzzled for a current sixpence to carry on with. Lord John has held every great office, Home, Foreign, Colonial, and the Premiership and the only thing he could now accept without loss of status would be the one he wanted five-and-twenty years ago. To see his Lordship at the Macaulay funeral on Monday, you would say he was quite up to the necessary energy for the enterprise for though we have been hearing these six months of his indisposition, and though the occasion, the place, the attire, and all the surrounding circumstances were such as to be the very reverse of conducive to hygienic development, his jib pique promised an animated longevity. The most conspicuous of the living, on that mournful occasion, was he who might have derived from the serve the wherewithal for a supplementary chapter to his "Vanity Fair," not forgetting the mortified self love of Sha! tesbury at finding himself wholly ignored in the next day's record of the doings, and getting the omission rectified in a large type correction the day after. Calling, too, must it have been to several self-supposed some bodies to find themselves such nobodies that it was declared not a single eminent conservative was present. Who or what, then, is Stanley 5-with whom, by the way, the foregoing Titmarsh held long discourse, the white-headed Michael Angelo overtopping the ex Indian Secretary, both in stature and the notice he drew, us one ought who had just turned out a magazine of eighty-five thousand strong. Beside him was a yet taller individuality, corporally speaking, and not comparatively dwarfish intellectually, namely-Jacob Omnium, slayer of as many humbugs as the snob squnsher himself. In painful contrast to these brace of on-looking Titans, there staggered the eloquent hard of fallen Jerusalem, poor Bean Milman, nearly bent in two with bodily infirmity, but still strong in spirit, and, determined to do the last honours to the new occupant of the Poet's Corner, wherein he may hope to repose himself though he helped to keep Byron out. The whole ceremonial, though the journals rather slight the absence of non-upholstery preparations, was much more effective than in Stephenson's case, the music especially, directly over the grave, and not merely in the body of the Abbey, being wonderfully solemn, and perhaps not irrelevantly, nor irreverently recall- ing what the deceased himself says, in the 3rd vol. of his History, as Dodwell's defence of the lawfulness of instrumental music in holy offices, namely-" On the ground that the notes of the organ had a power to counteract the influence of the devil on the spinal morrow of human beings !" Dr.i-AJmniK OF THE REV. P. SMITH PUOM JAMIIKKOO. -On the 27th ultimo at half- past seven in the evening, a public meeting of members of the Church of England was held in the schoolhouse, for the purpose of presenting on address and testimonial to the Rev Percy Smith, previous to his departure from the district. The room was completely tilled. The meeting having been opened with prayer, Mr. Fry was moved into the chair, and, on behalf of the congregation under Mr. Smith's charge, presented the rev. gentleman with a handsome gold watch and purse, accompanied with an address expressive of regret at his departure from the district. Mr. Smith, in replying, stated that he had called the meeting together for the purpose of delivering a valedictory address to the congregation, and had been completly taken by surprise when he found it was their intention to present him with a testimonial. He thanked them most heartily for that expression of their good-will Illawarra Mercury. LAND SALE On Tuesday, at the Armidale police office, Crown lands were offered for sale, with the following results : - -5 suburban lots at Armidale all sold, at the upset price of £2 10s. per acre. Of the town lots in Armidale, 8 realised the upset price of £25 per acre, and one lot sold for £15. 5 town lots in Bundarra realised respectively £0 2s., £1, £4 2s., £4, and £4 10s. 7 town lots in Bendemeer brought Is. ; 4, £4 1 £1 ; 1s. and 1, £7 2s. Many of the lots offered were not sold Armidale Express. Do EXTRA STIMULI WARM US Suppose we swallow rum, or smoke tobacco, or chew opium. The rum or opium, if not the tobacco, will increase the action of the heart and arteries,' and for a time increase the heat. But as soon as the force of the stimulus is gone, we are not only no warmer than before, but rather colder. So it is with mustard, pepper, and spices and so, in truth, with ten and coffee and all other medicaments, solid and liquid. They doubtless make us a little warmer for the time is and hence, at first, they as certainly increase the activity of the circulation ; but it does not last long. The final or remote influence of all these is unfavour- able It is so with mental excitants no less than physical ones. Cheerfulness, and all the elevating passions and affections, worm us internally, and thus favour the healthful circulation of the blood and all the other fluids. But excess of these, especially of joy, love, we, have the contrary tendency. They warm us and cause the heart to beat high for a short time ; but the final result is to reduce the heat of the system and enfeebled, in a corresponding degree, the circulation.-Aicott's Law of Health. SLIDING ROOMS The largest part of our rest is taken in sleep. Of course, the kind of room, in which we sleep is worthy of consideration. Huge land says : " It must not be forgotten that we spend a considerable portion of our lives in the bed chamber, and, consequently, that its healthi- ness or unhealthiness cannot fail to have a very important influence upon our well-being." It should, at least, be large. That is of prime importance, because, during the several hours that we are in bed, we need to breathe a great deal of air, and our health is injured when we are obliged to breathe it several times over. We should at least pay as much attention to the size, situation, temperature, and cleanliness of the room we occupy during the hours of repose, as to the parlours or draw- ing room, or any other apartment. And yet how different from this is the general practice of families. The smallest room in the house is commonly set apart for the bed and its nightly occupants. The sleeping-room should have a good location, so as to be dry. It should be kept clean, and neither too hot nor too cold. And more important still, it should be well ventilated. One bed occupied by two persons is as much as should ever be allowed in a single room ; though two beds in a large room are of course no worse than one in a small one. Both are objection- able Dr. Ward on. Il__i2ca ALONE. There is no treat so great as to hear good reading of any kind. Not one gentleman or lady in a hundred can read so as to please the ear, and send the words with gentle force to the heart and understanding An indistinct utterance, whines, nasal twang, guttural notes, hesitations, and other vices of elocution, are almost universal. Why it is, no one can say, unless it be that either the pulpit, or the nursery, or the Sunday school, gives the style in these days. Many a lady can sing Italian songs with considerable execution, but cannot read English pass- ably. Yet reading is by far the most valuable accomplishment of the two. In most drawing-rooms, if anything is to be read, it is discovered that nobody can read ; one has weak lungs, another gets hoarse, another chokes, another has an abominable sing- song, evidently a tradition of the way he said Watt's hymns when he was too young to understand them ; another rumbles like a broad-wheel waggon ; another has a way of reading which seems to proclaim that what is read is of no sort of consequence, and had better not be listened to. " LEAPS TO LABOUR AND TO WAIT." We seem to live in the midst of a battle there is such a day, such a hurrying to and fro. in the streets of a crowded city it is difficult to walk slowly.- You feel the rushing of the crowd, and rush with it onward. in the press of our life it is difficult to be calm. In this stress of wind and tide, all professions seem to drag their anchors, and are swept out into the main. The voices of the Present say, " Come !" But the voices of the Past say, " Wait !" With calm and solemn footsteps the rising tide heart again the rushing torrent up stream, and pushes back the hurrying waters. With no less calm and solemn footsteps, nor less certainly, does a great mind bear up against public opinion, and push back its hurrying stream. therefore should every man war should bide his time. Not in listless idleness not in useless pastime -not in querulous dejection ; but in constant steady, cheerful endeavours, always willing and fulfilling, and accomplishing his task, that when the occasion ' comes, he may be equal to the occasion. And if it never comes what matters it What matters it to the world whether I, or you, or another man did such a deed, or wrote such a book, solicit the deed and book were well-dene ? It is the part of an indiscreet and troublesome ambition to care too much about fame-about what the world says of us to be always looking into the faces of others for approval to be always onxtouBÍor the effect of what we do and say; to be always shouting to hear the echo of our own voices. If you look about you, you will see men who are wearing life away in feverish anxiety for fame, and the last we shall hear of them will be the funeral bell that tells them to their early graves ! Unhappy men, and unsuccessful because their purpose is, not to accomplish well their task, but to clutch the " sick and phantasy of fame !" and they go to their graves with purposes unaccomplished and wishes unful- filled. Better for them, and for the world in their example, had they known how to wait ! Believe me, the talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without a thought of fame. If it come at all, it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. And, moreover, there will be no misgivings, no disappointment, no hasty, feverish, ex- hausting excitement.- Longfellow's Huperlon. 