'SIM lATIIE' ON XICE ISENl-rGO I1AC1KH. Mr. Editor,— I rather think I havo been and gone and done It to-rigbta this time in my Bendigo tip last week, for every horse I named pulled off his race, except Walkover, and he was scratched through illness. Red Deer won the Maiden I'lnto in style, in spito of tho local wonder, Quiz ; whilst Bray in tho Town Plate, Starlight in tho Soiling Race, and Attila in the Handicap, plainly proved that Tim Tattlo knows a thing or two when he chooses to tell it. I hear tbat some of tho Bendigonians were mad as hatters at Dispatch being drawn, alter tney hnd bean backing her; but It serves them right if they lost their brass. Why, for goodness sake, did they ?; not road Hell's Lift last Saturday, and they would then havo scon that I told thorn plainly Mr. Dowllng's mar* bad gono wrong? ! shan't take tho trouble to writo to you about tbo en tries for country races now coming off, but I shall have a slap at tbo nominations for tho Jockeys' Association Kacos. I say, Mr. Editor, don't you think it a credit tn tbo lads to come out in such stylo as their programme shows, and ain't it kind of tho Governor to become their natron. My eyes I ain't tho jockoys just nrjud about it! ...... : ' TIM TATTLE. Banjo. — Messrs. Hawley and Co. havo this woek sold to the Government, for stud purposes, the three yr-old colt, Banjo; tho prlco was a trifle short of OOt sovs. Boiaiiuo'h Stock in Esoiand.— Whilst looking through our file of English papers by tbe last mall, we noticed the fact of the Brocklesby Stakes at Lincoln having been won by Rupert, by Bolardo, beating a field of five. . , ' Victoria jockey ulud. — a meenug w iu» ™'- mitteoof tbo Jockey Club was hold at Morton's hotel on Monday ovening. A sub-committee. to revise tho new rules was appointed, and it was resolved to hold fnturo meetings of tho Club at the Bull and Mouth. ExportAtions for India.— Tamerlane and Mah 'ratta by Indian Warrior, and Condor by Warhawk, .avobeensent to India by Colonel Robbins. Schamyl, another of tho Warrior's yearlings, is yet amongst us, but Is to go to India with tho Colonel la a few months. AvocaTuukCluu.-A Turf Olifo ha* been-ejta-l Wished at Avoca, which already nunlbers somo thlrty flvo members. Mr. W. M. Wlso has been appointed pro sldcnt, Mr. Shorkoy,- treasurer, Mr. F. liunoll, lion, sec. ; and Messrs.- W. M. Wise, Pearson, Dodd, 3arnett, Godfrey and Bird, mombors of committee. , Oaulfield Races.— Amongst raco-adyertisoment in our columnsof to-day will be found the programmp of the 3aulfleld racos, and ft must bo acknowledged as a very liberal little bill of fare. Good entries may. therefore bo expected, of second class horses now In training about Mclbourno, more oxpeoially as tho Cuulfiqld courso is particularly good at this limo of year, knl/hii' will bo token in Melbourno, at tho Bull and Mouth hotel, on Thursday owning. ' ExrOUTATIONS FROM ADELAIDE — TllO AdVtrtiltr states that Vlenipo has changed hands, having been boIc by his late owner, Mr. Patrick Kelly, for 180 sovs; and this day iho noblolboast wlll|bo Bhipped for tho Maurit us. It Is probable ho will bo accompanied by another racing colobrit3-, tho two year-old, John Bull, tho proporty of Messrs. Fisher. Simpson, who has long had tho reputa tion of bolng tho best jockoy in tho colony, will accom psny them. W e thus loso two of our best horses and our best Jockoy. Jockeys' Association Races. -H!s Exoollenoy having kindly coiiBontod to become patron of this desorv ing ..looting, and to bo present throat, it has been decided to postnono it until Saturday, 20th Hist., inBtond of running it off on tho Queen's Ulithday. lrosh ton dora for right of toll, booths, etc., aro advortUod for in our colunim if to-day, those sent in not being deomc cnual to the profits of tho rcturnB likely to accrue from. «o Kood uu afternoon's sport, and nndor euoli patronr.'^ and iiiaiiagement as that announced iu tho programme. Adelaide Tuiu;k-yeaii-olu Cracks.— In » tolo Eram from South Auatr.li*. tho other day, it w»a nion honed that a sum of 700 bovs had bocn ro ,..;od for Stormv Potrcl. tho property of Mr. Hurtlo I'is'.ier, nnd tho wlnnor of tho Maiden Vloto and Stand Stakes nt tho Uto Adelaide meotiug. Wo lmvo been fljnr a informed, however tbnt though tbo long prico of 500 bovs hnd 1-oon offered for thin promising Illly, itwr/.for Midnight, tlio winner of tho St. Lw-er (in whle.n Stormy Petrel ran third) nnd the Jookcy Club Chii, that tho oxIcubIvo liguio of. wvou hundred was tutwU 'away. Stbkpi.bciiasb Day. — Wo nro given to understand that it is in contemplation to havo a grand Steeple chase day, on the Melbourne courso, towards lho close - of tho iiinterv Entirely new and diversiOed jumps, embracing hedge, bank, wall, etc., in true home style, will be erected, iiik' the entry open to all tbo colonies. The first event in proposed to bo u Grand Aniuml Han dicap, liko tho Liverpool', of 200 sovs, with a sweep of 2'J sots, flsovs forfeit, added ; four milcif and n half; ihesecond tbe M. II. C. Steeplechase ; tho third a Selling Steople chasoof 100 sors; and tho fourth, ;a Trial one. of 50 sovs, tho winner to bo sold for £0 sevj. ' iV'ith such a prograinmo, nnd announced threo months beforehand, ho- best horses ii. Victoria and Iho sister colonies may bo expected to compete, and the banks of tho Saltwater river be n I most ns. eagerly thronged with spectators as at tho lato Champion Knco. .. ; '. .-'''.' Lord Rkdesdalii's Bill.— Lord Redcsdale's bill in thoHousaof'Iiords, to put a stop to thai very liglft weights carried In -handicaps, nnd to raiso.tho lowest weight to Tsttdqesnotnppcartohavcfound favour with the sporting press ht home. In the last number of tho .RpvrL., inff Magazine, wo camo across lho following: — 'Lord Rellcsdale'B movement has virtually smashed itsolf.IIitd' his Lordship gono for list as the lowest weight, ho might have had a very general support; but na he has chosen 7st, ho is not likely to luvo liny. Tbo Jockey Club will, it is Said, proposo to put tho minimum stnndard at fist ; but for our own parts wo think that this is a little too low, and adhere to tbo notion wo promulgated in this mngazlno twelve years since — that tho truestjtind of handicap would be ono tbat should not go bollw 5st 51b; or Ueyond Ost 91b. There, would thus bo COlb for tho hamlicappcr to work upon, nnd, if nothinv. under 9jt accepted, tbo top weights might bo raised to that point, and tho rest in proportion. Thus boys who wero worth putting up, would have plenty, of scope without tbat earful starving and wasting. process that somo of ithem havo had to undergo, and tho heavy-weight jockeys would get plenty of mounts us well, i ..??, , : , , CaIidun Towx' Plate' (JfcS.'W1.)— O'nr natnesako of Sydney has the following In reference to this event : — ' Tho victory of the gallant cx-champlon, Veno, over the boautilnl Zoe,; will doubtless take many of our readers by surprise; biit wo havo'beon advised by Hig'gerson that ho was about to produce Veno '?'himself againj' and ho unquestionably kept his word. We never saw tho chestnut strip moro nearly perfection. Ha was the beau Heal of an English racehorse; though Johnny, with a winning twinkle in his eye, would not admit of having tho ghost of a ehanco against the' mare, as he settled hitmclf in the pigskin. Making due allowance for the state ef the course, which in several places Tins a perfect bog, and in others tlio rank grass upwards of a toot in height, enough to trip, up/any horac, the three miles'may bosnld to havo been dono in good time — C min. 'l.sec. ' The'raco was well cbntosted, but Illgger son, with that judgment by whlili ho especially sig nalizes himself in a three miles spurt, hung to the maro until; half down tho distance, and then lifted tho old horsein,' winning clevcrlv by nearly two lengths. It must bo admitted by all who saw Zoo that she was not in condition— evidently short of work— to run against any comers of equal pretensions with herself ; and it occurs to ;us that Bealo hold Yeno'a capabilities too ightlyi and brought her to the post sanguine of achiev ing an easy triumph.' ' ' 