INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA. By the arrival of the Ladybird we are placed in possession of files to the 24th instant. THE SNOWY RIVER.-A townsman who returned a few days ago from the Snowy River, has called at this office to show us specimens of the gold, and to give us his impressions of the character of the gold-field. He proceeded by way of Twofold Bay, and found the inhabitants of the little sea-side village of Eden in a state of joyful hope and expectation of the future of their township from the influx of strangers to the Snowy River district. He found the accommodation reasonably good, and the charges equally so. Hiring a horse, he proceeded up the country, and reached Kiandra in four days. He found no inns established on the line, but received every hospitality from the squatters at whose stations he happened to arrive. Kundra he describes as a village, in by no means an advanced state as regards the character of the build- ings erected. He made no effort in the digging line, but contented himself with making enquiries for three or four days, buying samples, and visiting some of the fields. The arm of the law, however, seemed to be so weak to protect those who had anything in the shape of gold from those who had nothing, and were willing and able to apply the Rob Roy theory of taking and keeping, that he deemed it prudent not to buy too largely. The gold he has shown us was obtained partly from the river and partly from the dry diggings. It is light, partly from clay or cement mixed with it, but in color and quality it resembles that of Ballarat, the finest gold of Victoria. His enquiries satisfied him that on the Snowy River a very important and permanent gold-field has been found ; but that it cannot be worked during the winter. His opinion coincides with that which seems now to be generally enter- tained, and it will be well for the Government to pre- pare for an extensive rush in the early spring. He describes the Adelaide arrivals as, for the most part, likely to be disappointed. Many of them were shop- keepers, small farmers, or tradesmen, who had sold off to try the gold-fields-as they did when the Bal- larat field was first reported-but some of them turn back from Twofold Bay, alarmed by the reports they obtain there of the character of the winter weather on Snowy River ; and many of them return after the first or second day's journey from Eden, and of course - without having obtained more than a distant view of the auriferous land of their hopes.-Herald._ THE SHAKSPEBIAN DEMONSTRATION.-The Shak- spere demonstration in the Town Hall, yesterday, was one of the most successful and unanimous move- ments that we have had the pleasure of witnessing in Melbourne. His Excellency the Governor presided, and in a neat, warm, and unpretending speech, fired the enthusiasm of his auditors for the object in view in a manner to insure the most satisfactory results. It has been resolved to commemorate the three hun- dredth anniversary of the birth of " the pride of our nation" by a statue, towards which subscriptions are " invited from all in the colony who speak the Eng- lish language ;" and the co- operation of foreigners (will) be cordially received." A very influential com- mittee has been appointed to carry out the arrange- ments. SPURIOUS GOLD.-Every week brings to light, the nefarious tricks of some Celestial smasher or other. A few days since, some of them offered for sale to Mr. Orr, storekeeper, Portuguese Flat, a parcel of what appeared to be about five ounces of gold ; but on weighing it, it kicked the beam at three and a-half ounces. Mr. Orr's suspicions being aroused, he told the Chinaman to call the next day for the money. In the meantime, a close examination showed him that a quantity of base metal, electro-plated with gold, was mixed with the genuine sample, and so well had the process been conducted, that detection was by no means an easy task. On the next day "John" returned for his cash, when Mr. Orr informed him that he had offered spurious metal for sale. This John denied, but said he was willing to take £6 for the lot, which Mr. Orr declined to advance. John then left the store, and has not since put in an appear- ance.-Creswick and Clunes Advertiser. A GOOD CLAIM.-Last week Messrs. Miller & Co., of Nuggety Eeef, received 272 ounces as the proceeds of their crushings at the Atlas Association, this week they obtained 204 ounces, and next week they intend crushing 60 tons of picked stuff from which an average of eight ounces per ton is expected. All this is taken from a second reef more than 200 feet from the surface. What will the promoters of the no gold in deep reefs doctrine say to this ?-Tarrengower Times. SNAKES.-These reptiles are not all gone for the season yet, for on Saturday last Mr. Moyes killed one measuring about three feet, which was basking in the sun near the pump in Market-square.-Tarrengower Times. TOTAL LOSS OP THE SCHOONEB EIIZABETH.-At an early hour yesterday morning information was received through the telegraph office by Captain Ferguson, the Chief Harbor-Master, that the schooner Elizabeth, 79 tons, from Belfast for this port, had during the night in a heavy squall gone ashore on the reef off Port Lonsdale. The crew and a portion of the cargo were saved at ebb tide by the Government boats. Immediately on the telegram being received, Captain Ferguson chartered Messrs. Dove and Oswald's steam- tug Black Eagle, and proceeded to the scene of the disaster, but by a telegram received by Messrs. Dove and Oswald at 4 p.m., we learn that the vessel was fast going to pieces. THE CASTLEMAINE TREASURY.-Mr. Graybourne, the party charged with stealing the £1,000 in bank notes from the Castlemaine Treasury, was found guilty of the offence at the sittings of the County Court on Thursday last, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, wtth hard labor. The prisoner was deeply affected on hearing the sentence pronounced. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The lecturing season of the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute was inagurated last evening by Mr. David Blair, who delivered a lecture on "True and False Science: or the Vestiges of Creation Exploded." The audience was rather numerous, and the somewhat abstruse subject appeared to excite a due amount of interest. The chair was taken by Dr. Gilbee, and a vote of thanks to the lecturer concluded the proceedings. THE CASTERTON MURDER.-The mystery of the Casterton murder-partially revealed from time to time, by the evidence given in our columns-has at last been unriddled, and the perpetrator, George Warnes, a farmer, and the employer and neighbour of the murdered pair, has, as we have already an- nounced, been condemned to death for the dreadful offence of which a jury has just found him " Guilty." It will be in the recollection of our readers that Robert and Mary Hunt, owners of a small property at Casterton, in the Western District, suddenly dis- appeared in October, 1858, leaving valuables behind them, and that no trace of them could be found for many a day. Suspicions were early excited against, George Warnes, who had purchased the property of Hunt some months previously, and paid for it by a bill, wliioh would become payable in November of that \car. These suspicious grew stronger, muí w-w fixed in the minds of the neighbours by the strange , remarks of Waines himself, who exhibited a kind of i monomania for talking about the Hunts, and whos» remarks at times almost amounted to an admission of the murder. At length, twelve months after the dis- appearance of the Hunts, Detective-constable Browne was detached from the Melbourne force to investigate the subject on the spot. . He engaged himself as a stableman and general helper with a publican in the neighborhood, became acquainted with Waines, and soufjht diligently for a clue to trace the crime, but. for some months without success. At last he got himself arrested as a ticket-of-leave convict at large, and had Waines apprehended at the some time on suspicion. Search was daily prosecuted tor the bodies of Hie missing pair, on the farm, and about the house, Browne taking part in the search, and Wainos nightly pressing his fellow prisoner {a* he thought him) for information of what wa^ going on outside. At last a chance remark, f that the Eiver Glenelg was about to be dragged by the blacks, drew the secret from the alarmed man. He had thrown the bodies, in a sack, into a deep water-hole in the river ; and when on his way in custody to the gaol he had made an excuse to get away for a few minutes from the police when passing this water-hole, and had seen that a portion of one of the missing bodies had escaped from the bag, and was floating on the surface. He confessed the crime, and begged the detective, as a friend who would not betray him, to remove the remains, and save him. The water-hole was immediately afterwards searched, and portions of two bodies were found, one of the bodies being that of a woman, and the other that of a man. The prisoner was tried at Portland last week for the murder of Mary Hnnt, the trial lasted over several days, Mr. Justice Pohlman presiding. The Jury found the prisoner " Guilty," and he was sentenced to death. A legal point, however, touching the identification of the body, has been reserved for the opinion of the Judges in Full Court. Mr. Justice Pohlman, in passing sentence, intimated that he would not recommend any remission of the sentence in the event of the legal point being decided against the prisoner. If the last penalty of the law is carried out, it will, we are sorry to learn, take place in Mel- bourne. Waines is described as a little muscular man, of middle age, whose deep-set eyes and com- pressed Ups indicate great resolution. He remained unmoved throughout the trial. His victims were natives of Yorkshire. The whole story is remark- able, and adds one more to the many singular proofs extant, that the blood of the murdered " cried from the ground."-Herald. THE CRIMINAL SESSIONS.-The criminal sessions were concluded on Saturday. Daniel Morrison, the contractor, whose trial for perjury lasted the greater portion of Friday and Saturday, was acquitted. John Hill Bennie, the agent of the Melbourne Insurance Company at Ballarat, who on Thursday pleaded '" guilty" to a charge of embezzlement, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Stevens, the ex-col- lector of Customs at Port Albert, who was to be pro- ceeded against on a similar charge, was remanded till next session. THE INGLEWOOD MURDEH.-Yesterday a man named John Scott was brought to the Camp, having fceen arrested near Forest Creek, on the charge of having murdered the man Gardiner, alias Plummer, who some little time since was found in a hole near Inglewood. The accused was employed as a butcher at Metcalfe's slaughter-yards, near Forest Creek, when arrested. He will be forwarded to Inglewood this morning. The party previously arrested on sus- picion of the murder has been discharged.-Bendigo Mercury, April 21. WHAT A NATIVE-BORN WOMAN CAN DO.-On Tuesday evening a married woman, a native of Sydney, residing on Spring Creek, was informed that her husband, who is a carter, had sold his team and dray at Wadonga. Forthwith she took her infant in her arms and sallied forth in search of him, who she thought was about deserting her. She called at most of the hotels on the/road, and quenched her thirst, and also gave vent to her opinions in the best style of colonial eloquence, and arrived at Wodonga at half post 5 o'clock in the morning in time to find that the report was untrue. The night was extremely dark and the road but little known to her.-Orens Adver- tiser. A LARGE BOAR.-A boar was killed last week at Mr. Catto's station, on the Loddon, which, when dead, weighed four hundred and ninety-six pounds. The pig was bred by Mr. Catto, and stood nearly three feet high. NOCTUBNAL INTRUDER.-A well known member of the Municipal Council, whose residence is not a hundred miles from the lower end of Camp-street, retired to his home somewhat late on Wednesday night, bent on seeking repose in his nightly couch. He entered his apartment, and on striking a match, was both alarmed and indignant to perceive a man lying at full length on the bed to which he wished himself to retire. The loud enquiry, " Who are you ?" accompanied with the sonorous expletive, produced no reply: the valorous gentleman rushed upon the sleeping intruder, intending to drag him out vi et armis. At the first touch of his powerful fingers the frame of the sleeper fell to pieces. The head rolled off the pillow, the trunk separated from the legs, and these, boots and all, parted in different directions. Horror struck for a moment at this unexpected result, our lively friend inspected more closely the remains of the nocturnal intruder, and found to his indignation that the funny dogs had planted a dummy in his couch. Whether he -after- wards slept the sleep of the untroubled report sayeth not, but it was rumoured that his appearance yester- day morning denoted his having seen a ghost in the night.-Ovens Constitution. MUSHROOMS.-The present season seems to be Very favourable to the growth of this fungus, which can be procured of a size almost fabulous. Yesterday we measured one, the circumference of which was 35 inches, just one inch short of three feet ! and last week we saw one that weighed two pounds and three quarters. They are grown on the station of Messrs. Hargraves, on the Emu Creek, who can hardly sup- ply them fast enough for their customers.-Bendigo Mercury. AN ANTIDOTE POR THE SNOWY EIVER FEVER. Mr. John A. Wallace informs us that about 630 ozs. of gold have been obtained from the crushing of 21 tons of quartz raised from the claim of Mr. Johnson StevenB, at Morse's Creek. Our own correspondent in his letter corroborates this information.-Ovens Advertiser. NEW SOUTH WALES. The following telegram has been received in Mel- bourne : Sydney, Saturday. There are rumours of another great gold discovery in the south, but I believe them to be untrue. A man has been apprehended at Yass, supposed to he Whelan, concerned in the niurcler at Wangaratta, Victoria. In January it is proposed to have an intercolonial pigeon-match, following the Champion Swespstakea. 