. ' SHOALHAVEN.' . [From our Correspondent.] . Our member John Garrett .'.Esq.,: : arrived by the steamer on Wednesday,- a number of electors, .pro ceeded to Grcenliill Poirit, and accompanied hiin'to' tlie settlement. The next day, .Mr. Garrett addressed the electors at Mr. Ilyam's Innl-. He. made a very lengthy nddress, giving a full explanation of his past doings in tlio - Assembly. I am happy to say that 'Mr. Garrett was well received, and at tlie conclusion of liis address, it was moved and; seconded' .that' Mr. ?Garrett's account of his past. stewardship. is' quite sa tisfactory, this was carriod unanimously, not. a single arm being raised against it. : Threo chcers for Mr. Garrett, and. three ditto for tho Mercury, wound up the m'eetirig. In the evening Mr. Garrett \va3 invited to a public, dinner, at Frasers Hotel, about thirty-seven sat down to aii excellent 'dinner, tho. cominittoe had only .brdovotl- cHniiui'. for 'thirty.' .The -Mayor provided, and the usual loyal toasts having ;.b6on~met witli all tlio honors.- Mr- Gai-rbtt's health was' then proposed 'and witli such enthusiam responded- to' that it made the -welkin ring'.' The dinner, passed off well; great credit is dud to the host and hostess for the creditable. man- ,./.v in wl.M. +i;« toaA.' onn/lnnf.'^ ' nri.l for sucli1 a symptuous spread of tlie good things of this life. Tlid happy, party separated at about tlio hour '' when ghosts and goblins wing' after giving throe cheers for tlie Mercury. It must have been highly gratifying to the feelings ofour member to seo so many'of his old opponents nt tho dinner. On Fridny morning several electors , accompanied Mr Garrett to 'L'amararig, where Mr. Garrett addressed the electors, who all appeared well satisfied - witli his parliamentary statement in fact not a singlo dissen tient voice was raised against his past career. Mr. Garrett started for Ulladulla on Saturday, to attend a public dinnor at that place, wlioro I liavo no doubt, lie will be recoived as. cordially as in Shoal haven.'-;;'' ' ? ; ' ' . The weather has been very unsettled hero, our roads nearly impracticable, on Saturday night wo had a fearful storm accompanied by loud bursts of thunder, which lasted for several hours, the lightning too was very grand flaming tho sky with dazzling splendour, heavy showers of rain followed this clash. of olements, and wo all.expocted it was a clearing off storm, but we arc doomed to bo disappointed, for tho weather up to tho present time wears a very unpromising and watery aspect., ? ; 