STIlE o~.rtla : nat \- OIIRMANBY GENERAL ADVERTISER. \- Published every Moinoday, T'ednesday, 3- Friday. To Protect our Rights-ANot to Infringe upon those of Others. MUONDAY, JULY IG6tn, 1860. PROTECTION: WE have expressed, our views= repeatedly and distinctly on the spiject of Protection. We have all along insisted that what is called protection, is "a delusibn and a cheat," and that this is' its true obaracter has been so frequently and plainly demon strated, that some may think it a waste of time for a liberal and independent press to continue lifting up its voice against it. We however judge diflerently. We know that at ptelent there is much activity and scheming among the Protectioiiist? ubd if the friends of Free Trade-in other words, the friends of even-handed justice in trad inr and commercial matters, are tempted to suspend their vi6ilance, they ncen not be surprised if they should be taken at a disadvantage. We confess indeed that we Lave little fear of this being the case, but still on a subject of so much impo:tacce, we cannot exercise too much watchfulness, and every sensible voice raised against the selfish and suicidal system ought to be listened to with respect, that we may be more and more strengthened- to resist all attempts which may be made, either directly or covertly, to introduce and establish among us this " hoary iniquity.' A pamphlet entitled "Protection versus Free Trade" has been put extensively into circulation, and from its bold lying and misrepresentation:, is calculated to do some mischief in the case of persons un acquainted with tacts, or who are nccus tooned to content themselves with m.ere superficial thinking. The .3endigo Ad vertiser has.a long article on this precious document, from which we take the follow ing judicious remarks : The writer starts awith the idea that it is t desirable to inquire into the causes of the present unexampled depression, and to pro- t vide "immediate measures to foster the f industrial interests of the colony." In t support of this he proceeds to review the I past history of the colony. To begin i with, the writer psserts that prior to the discovery of the +old fields, the population were "entirely I4l: end&ent; upon the pro gress of the squ ting interest. The rates of wages were w in comparison with the I present, but all necessaries and comforts of I life could be 1 ecured at a corresponding I rate. In fact ,the small amount of those v days could ae turned to much better 3 account than the larger amount now-a- s days." Anyody who is really conversant L with the various phases of colonial plospe- t tity will recgnise at once the absurdity of e tbhese` state eats. There was quite as I much and even more fluctuation in th.h i condition 4f the people before the gold - discoveries! than there has been since. t Many anngst us remember when un- I employed workmen organized and walked I about M~bourno inprocession, demanding v " bread or blood." Sheep worth half-a- 1 crown one year, were perhaps worth 20s. e or 30s.4 an ear afterwards. Wheat and t graii of all descriptions were equally vari- r able in price, landed property even in s Melbourne might be bad at less than a C year's rental at one time, while a few i years.afterwards it increased enormously t in value. The rates of wages varied also. L The laws of supply and demand were as I applicable then as now. Wages fell and t rose, end labour like other commodities r fluctuated. Sa that whatever argument is intended to be founded upon the altered i condition of tLing., does not ppply to the present period mure.tLan to any itevicus condition through which the colonty L-ee passed. The gbost might have come with I the same pale face and lachrymo- e expres sion in 1847. There was a great tideal more depression then, and if we aiv'al-: I nor, the system of ad rcalorem duties : : then in full operatiu, yet peoiplu tLu " protected" went abmt tlhe streets < -ti fute. ' The people tneL,;' eha?l e :wo- te'r ".were contented wi:h the lrogre·s t I were making, and tl.e 'ye:.iy ]refi - derived from the seuattirng latert, l? large balances for ibveettl.": in ;..e colony." ;No as-erton can be mor?a v., of truth if applied tt a particular rI, or our history. The iunly squatters n;a?r':tI to a malt vu re muined. F:o" P eu::- a : every body kn-cw , the- sa:,tter- - " or little better than agents for the erchanuts he who supplied them. ."'l'at instability as w biob churacterises our. present condition , as then unknown !" Why, there is no fact more remaskablo in colonial history than the instability of affairs prior to the gold discovery. Tha price of produce and the value of property depended upon mere chance. A bud harvest brought starvation. i. A fall in the price of wool beggared the \- squatter. It is free trade and free inter V. course with other pirts of the world that have, given stability. When we lived Ui under a sort of system of supplying our selves, we wewere ahvays in want. 1Now that we have attracted attention, and \- opened our ports freely to vll comers, the colcmercial world keeps an eye on us, and is only too glad to anticipate, ouri wants. SWe owe this to free trade. 'The only security we have for continued stability in the prices ofproduce and other necessaries of life, is the facility with which our re. quiremeuts may be eipplied from abroad. If aill that we grow doubled in price to morrow, what better would the colony be, supposing that we consume it all ? What I richer should we be as a nation,'if we ate t bread of our own making at ,s. a loaf insteasd of using foreign flour, eny at )s. Is there any housekeeper in the country Ivbo couid not confute Iir. Embling. on this point ? But it is from such presumptions the i author of the pamphlet, and those who l think ?'virni him, diaw\ their conclusions. 1 If we do a thing ourselves, it' must be done - cljeaply. That is the grand idea. L.t us make our own cloth, our own leather' ouri orn tools-no matter what they cost look at the advantage of encouraging colo nibl industry. The consumer has nothing to do with the business:. His happy lot is tq pay. It is of no consequence to this class of political economists that what one unn gains another man loses. It is clear to them, that if Jones the bootmaker pays lDrown the tailor an extia pounid or two for his clothes, the colony is so truch: the at richer, because the money has been' trans-, in ferred from the pocket of Jones to the pocket of Browu. Still clearer is it that p if, by a counter transaction 'Brownr the tailor also pays Jones the bootmaker an extra price for boots, they make ar mutual profit out of the transaction, and 'both es grow rieher. This logic is irresistible. It comes upon us with all the force which one St may suppose to attach to a resurrection of ea the dead-a true and inisciutiable ghost theory dead and busied long ago, yet still haunting us to puzzle small brains and make a great noise of nothingness. Par liament only laughs at ,the dpparition, but re wlhy not exorcise it? 