HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thurf»at, AtiorsT 23. The Speaker took the Chair at 4 o'clock. Mr ADAMS presented a petition from ten proprietors of private schools, prsying that the advantages proposed to be given to three Superior Schools may be extended to the petitioners. Mr ADAMS also presented a petition from Mr Algernon Horatio Swifte, |Civil Engineer, being the same petition on tbe subject of a quarry nt Taylor's Bay. Brum Island, presented the other day, &nd; withdrawn, with the exception of the correspondence. Received. The hon member also laid on the table tbe correspondence referred to. Mr CHAPMAN presented a petition from Andrew Heavy, complaining that justice had not been done to him by the Public Works' Department. The hon. member moved that it be read, and said he should propose that the petition be referred to the Col. Treasurer for enquiry. Tfte petition waB read and withdrawn by Mr Chapman, on an objectionable cl&use; being pointed out to him. KOTICBS, Mr ALLISON to move to-morrow an Address to the Governor for a Return ofthe total cost in detail of the Establishments on TnBman's Peninsula, and tbe sources of income from which the charges are defrayed. PAPERS. The COL. TREASURER laid on the table a Report of the Inspector of tbe Intercolonial Telegraph Line on the state of the Cable, which was ordered to be printed. dktctt CLEBI OF THE rEACE, dklorainb. Mr MEREDITH asked the Col. Treasure whether Mr R H Davies, Deputy Clerk ef the Peace, haB been thrown on the pension list, and his office given to Mr Rooke, the brother of the present member for Deloraine? The COL TREASURER said Mr Davies had epplied, several months since, to be placed on the pension list in consequence of his state of health; which application waB fortified by the usual certificates, and tbe Executive resolved to comply with his application. In reference to the appointment of Mr Ilooke, the hon member was under tho impression that no arrangements had yet been concluded, but it was in contemplation of the local government to appoint Mr Rooke to the office. MB. MILLER'S RESOLUTIONS CN fltJPEtilOR ED I'CATION, Mr MILLER withdrew his resolutions and their eonsideiation waB appointed for next Thursday. U1BBUGE LAWS. Mr SHERWIN, pursuant to notice, called tbe altentiun ol the House to the despatch of His Grace the Duke of Newcastle with reference to the Laws relating to Marriage : and to move that it is not expedient to interfere with the provisions of that Act, because the Act of last Session conferred no powers that were not already possessed by Ministers of the Churches of England, Scotland, and Rome, and that no previous notice of seven dsys to the Deputy Registrar in cases ol marriage celebrated by Ministers of other Churches ww required by the Act C Vic. No. IS, which His Grace appears to have overlooked, repealing so much of 2 Vict. No. 7,—the Deputy Registrar being required to issue a Licence forthwith cn tbe declaration of one only of the parties desiring to be married. That by the present Act greater security dgainst clandestine marriages is afforded than by the previous law, as both parties muBt now make the declaration before marriage. That it is desirable to preserve a uniform principle as far as poBBible in the Marriage Law of the colony ; so that while allncccssary safeguards are provided, there may be no just excuse left for any to live in violation of the simple requirements of the law. Tbat from the year 1855 Acts have been passed, and now exist, in New South Wales, South Anstralia, and Victoria, giving equal powers to all Ministers of Religion without dietinction, aud containing subBtan. tially the same provisions as the Act of this colony. That it is desirable the general law of the Australian Colonies should maintain the same common principles; and that, by the recent Act of this colony, the varriago Law was thus completed throughout those colonies. Mr CHAPMAN suggested that further time should be given to consider the subject, and he moved that the debate be adjourned for a week. The COL. TREASURER seconded the motion, but aaid it would be found the Duke.of Newcastle had written the despatch under a misapprehension. Debate postponed accordingly. tTATE AID ABOLITION. Mr CROOKES, on leave given, brought in a Bill for the general abolition of State Aid, and said itj principle was that clergymen who now held office and receive state salaries Bhould hold them while they lived. Read Qrst time aud ordered to be printed, and second reading fixed for Thursday next. TBE HEMBER FOB LAUNCESTON. Mr MILLER'S motion having been called on for a Select Committee to consider whether Mr Crookes is disqualified from occupying a seat in this house, in consequence of his being a Minister of Religion within .the meaning of the 16th seotion ef the Constitutional Act. He waa desirous of avoiding a discussion if the house made no objection to the Committee. Mr COHEN said he Bhould object to the motion. A question then arose sa to the course of proceeding. The COLONIAL TREASURER pointed out that the more desirable course was to fill hp the vacancies in the Committee of Elections and Quslifications, whose decision would be final, and he therefore gave notice of motion for Tuesday next that the Committee of Elections aud Qualifications be filled up. Mr MILLER wished to give notice for to-morrow, the question should be decided at once, and the matter should be referred to a Select Committee. " V COL. TREASURER THBA would iike to 6houU te btought mow of the character proposed. &<« » f'^he decision would be of such a ''it'" 1 " " PPe t0 be nW " S»"«m U EE C 6te%R the difficulties iu the 'jlrMH-^K seeing u it vte r° r hon gentleman was or not a wle,b e e m A.t house. He did not desire to '"'"^ nd the only rea-on why he proposed « he committee was, that he nad ""'^APMAjTsuMested that the hon. point Of order and lit d0 S?VrT?Tl-Mv point of order is that "Lember for Lunceston, Mr Crookes, the hon w and teacher of the ^V ffi rchu g comeB within rcb "nd « ^ o" the lfith clause of the Consti- W u OI1 f<TloOKES—X submit it is a question and not of order. . SPEAKER—question of privilege • .nfordcr. Ofcouree, in piTing my ''f? 0 ' if this subject I must eive |it ac- •P>»'.° n f„ n „ Xritv : and the only autborily 5 B S S S S S * * the 15th clause of 'House of Assembly shall consist of v- olpcted members, and any person S as herenafter excepted) sbdl be 1 -.hie of being elected a member of Ihp House °f Assembly who shall be a Lral-bom or naturalised subj ect of Har or legally mane a denizen of Y®«n's Lana: Provided .bat no Jude<= of the Supreme Court or M,miter „f jieligkn shall be capable of being elected amember of the House of Assem- Vow the simpl" question is whether a )>entlPBsn carrying cn business, and occasion, •llr nreaching constitutes a " minister of region " I think in the proper Bense of the mid it does not. That's my opinion; but If course it can be put lo the Houss. Mr SHERWIN desired permission to read , definition from a dictionary (Webster) but in called to order by Mr Grceson. Mr MILLER appealed to the House. The hon member for Selby had desired justnow to readsn extract from Webster with a deflation of a "raininter of religion," but he /Mr Miller) believed that a person exercising ministerial functions in a Chapel of Church a Minister of religion. There could be Bodoubl he (Mr Miller) labored nnder some iUadrantage from tlie (act that all dissenting treschers were not until lately recognized Ivthe English law, consequently he could tot decide by the legal definition given in Etflish statutes, but, judging by analogy he should say a local preacher of tho Wesleyoa Church did come strictly within the lSih Section. The hon member referred to the lltbGeo. 3, which spoke of a person authoriied to be a preacher or teacher of a dissenting congregation, ond he should like to ask thehon member whether he was authorized to be a preacher or a teacher of a dissenting congregation ? Then, by analogy, they might form an opinion Mr GUEGSON proposed that the hon aember (Mr Crookes) should withdraw daring the discussion, and he referred to the Bunding Orders on the point. The SPEAKER said the case was not tnalagoue, as this was not a charge against tie hon member. Mr 0REGS0N—I think it.is a charge, a wry grave charge. Mr MILLER was sorry the hon member for Richmond had ma'io tbe^sugRestion, as it would he unfair to the hon member. lie allnded to ihe Btatute to remove doubts as to to eligibility of persons in holy orders lo Bit in flit House of Parliament; and said as in this Parliament they excluded dissenting rnioiifer!, they had to arrive at a conclusion as to the definition of dissenting ministers ; md he was of opinion that if they could show th»t the hon mcmbir had prcached and performed Divine Service according to the fo:m; sod rales of his own church, it would be conclusive that ho WHS A minister of religion. What was tho constitution of the Wesleyan Church, and what constituted a preacher of tie gospel ? Had lie not a call ? Had he not made a solemn declaration that he had a all to preach the gospel P If the hon memher (Mr C-iookcs) bad declared publicly that he had a call by the Holy Ghost to preach the gospel, he (Mr Miller) maintained that he wis, and to his dying day would remain, a minister of religion! He (Mr Miller) had been iuformod of tho manner in which local preichers in the [Wesleyan Body were appointed ; that they went through the sumo ordtrs as deaenns of the Church of England; that they made a profession of faith, aud openly declared that they were called to pieicli the gospel: they had to state their experience, and be put on trial, and were finally Dominated publicly, and admitted in taolean manner. The object of the framers of the Constitution should also be considered, snd no doubt that if those who wore aotivcly engaged in the ecclesiastical affairs of any (lurch had seats in tho house, debates might arise in which their sectarian zeal would be eierted, and for those reasons ministers of religion were excluded, and no doubt, it was a 'try wise decision. He again assured the louse that he had no wish to say a word that night prove offensive to the hon member, or any one else in respect to biB religion ; the object being, that the question having been brought forward, might be settled at onco and forever. For the reasons he had urged, the entire analogy between the office of minister of the Church of England and that which Mr Crookes cxeroiscJ, tho fact that be officiated ui preacher of the gospel, and that he must have declared that he had had a call by the Holy Ghost lo preach, he (Mr Miller) moved Ust (he ee»t of the lion member for LauntseB- Mr Crookes, was v&s;&at;, and bad been to conscqucncG of the hon member being a minister of religion. Mr MEREDITH seconded. The SPEAKER put the question as follows: -That this house is of opinion that Mr Crookes is H minister of religion within the proviso of the 15th section of the Constitution Act, and that he is therefore incapable of holding a seat in this house. The COL.TREASURER thought that fthttever the lion member had established, or lot established, he had established this, that ll tras not in a position to be a member of the Judicial Comm ttee to which this should "be referred. He did not wish this house to'be token by surprise. Evidently the hon member lid come prepared to support a predetermined PNition on this question, while other members •f the house had not been prepared. He did r >ot wish the house to be precipitated into taking one course or another, and he wished He decision to be arrived at to be such as to piide them on future occasions, because they *«e establishing a precedent to refer back to tafuture cases. Besides, the reasons urged in •upport of the motion, condemned the leading Oembcrs of one denomination to exclusion fmm seats in that house, and had such a motion prevailed in the previous Council, it *ould have had the effect of excluding one of [oeinost valuable members of the house, Mr Weadow, the member for Launceston. The motion he had to submit was in accordance wththe views he had expressed, as he did not msh the house to be precipitated. « That the question be reler.-ed to the Committee of Actions and Qualifications, and that the "cancies in that Committee be filled up." Mr MEREDITH was satisfied that ihcr* *» »n evident desire on tbe part of the Qo- 'erament to burke this question altogether l"». to, and hear, hear). Tne sooner the stion was pnt at Test the better, not only U,.;„Vf- akeo . ftbo h0D8e - fcut for the sake of tohtt 5 - .v. Ae !* 8tood n ° w . (Mr Mereand ttembur IUA..T other hon members thought »uouBui the me hon u< intk..Y" Crookce ) not qualified tot.. He t h » wnmittee JWsrly OoaoUtwd. Mr COHEN asserted that iuch a question was got up for party purposes. Tha hon member had been a member of that house for three rears, and wby bad 'not the question been raised bafora P It appeared to him that hon {members wished by a side wind to get rid of tbe hon member for Launceston, bat if the hon member had to leave tbe bouse which he trusted be would not, tha hon Dam. bcre on the otber side would not be able to add another to their names (a laugh), Tbe hon member (Mr Miller) bad quoted several works, but those only referred to tbe Churches of England and Scotland, and not to members uf tbe Wesleyan Body. He (Mr Cohen) took it that in tbe general acceptation a " minister of religion" only applied to the person in charge of some congregation, but suoh was not thef fact, as his hon triend wbo, as every member must be aware, was leading a commercial life, and sot the life of a minister of religion. Mr MEREDITH, in reply to the remark ef thn last speaker, repeated what he stated yesterday that bis attention had been drawn to un advertisement in that morning's paper, and he mentioned the matter the same craning, surely be could not bring it forward earlier. Sr OFFICER felt that the question was a far more intricate one than members thought but certainly the only proper method to settle lit at once wash; a Committee (hear, hear). Mr W. ARCHER thought tbe hon member was quite entitled to raise the question, hot it would be very much better to settle it at once snd for ever; he thought, however, a special committee would be better. Mr GREG SON would suggest a different course, which he apprehended was the correct mode. He read authority to show that there ought to be a Committee of Privileges,according to the mode pursued in tbe House ef Commons, where it was held that any thing affecting a seat in the house was a question of Privilege, and the hon member proptsed to move an amendment for appointing such a committee. The SPEAKER said there ware already two questions before tbe house. Mr GREGSON did not wish to prolong the debate. The only law on the subjeet of a minister of religioo had reference to tbe Churches lof England, Scotland, and Rome, and therefore they must reason by analogy' In the course of his speich be expressed tl • opinion that the hoijbr of a sent in that hou was not so desirable'as the honor of a minis! of religion, and aslthe hon member had repudiated tbe latter), the question should be decided. Mr CHAPMAN intended to vote against the amendment of the Col,-Treasurer, and also the original motion. The law was, that all complaints of the undue return of members should be upon petition within seven days of the return to the House. He read the 125th clause of the Electoral Act, and said the proper place to try the question wasthc Supreme Court. (Mr Gregson— I'll take it there.) He did not believe the question could be entertained by that House. Dr. BUTLER pointed out that the question being raised, it should be decidcd by the Committee of Elections and Qualifications. Mr ALLISON justified the right to introduce the question, but thought it should go to the committee. Mr LIPSCOMBE said he sheuld opp the motion, and vote for the amendment. Mr MILLER replied in a few words. The SPEAKER put the question, that the wordB proposed to b9 left out do stand iart of the question, when Mr Miller asked eave to withdraw his motion. Mr Chapman declined, and the Speaker put the same question, and the Houee divided. AyeB, 1. Noes, 22. Mr Chapman, who was his own teller, amid considerable laughter, ^ It being six o'clock, memhers were preparing to retire, when Mr ALLISON enquired if the Speaker could not put the motion? The SPEAKER said no; it Was past six o'clook, and The House then adjourned until seven o'clock. 