CURRENT TOPICS. About five o'clock on Sunday morning, an alarm of fire was raised in Chilwell, but for tunately no disastrous consequences followed. The fire it appears took place on the premises of Mr Haggerty, storekeeper, Clarendon street. The engine of the Newtown and Chilwell Brigade was promptly on the spot, but owing to the exertions of the neighbors and several members of the brigade, the fire was subdued before the arrival of the engine. No water carts were in attendance, and had it not been for a plentiful supply of water on the premises and that of the neighbors, the fire would have been most disastrous. All the stock is more or less damaged by fire and water. The premises also partly consumed. The stock and house are insured in the Victoria Insurance Company. The origin of the fire is unknown. News from the Gipps Land prospecting party appears in yesterday's Argus. A few specks of gold had been found in various places by sinking and washing, but nothing to pay. The correspondent trusts that the time allowed the party (three months) will be extended, but as in this case, very em phatically, time is money, we trust the executive will do nothing of the sort. By the time the three months are up quite enough money will have been fooled away in the Ginps Land wild-goose chase. The correspondent concludes his letter with the following:—"I have several specimens— mineral, vegetable, and entomological; also, a hœlix, or snail shell, which I will endea vour to preserve" (!) We were sorry to find so few people of our way of thinking last night, viz., that Shakes pere is welcome, let him come in what shape soever the gods list. He came last night in the shape of Mr Holt performing Hamlet, and for a stage performance of that character a very admirable performance it was. It is difficult to single out any particular scene or passage, which was rendered with more point than another. The wonder was that Mr Holt, in the presence of a house painful to contemplate under the circumstances, could at all succeed in "forcing his soul to its own conceit,"—especially as he had met with a serious and extremely dangerous mishap during rehearsal, a foil having struck him in the eye. Mrs Holt played the Queen with her accustomed effect. Mr Hooper, as the Ghost was better "habited"—not merely dressed—than he spoke. He also con trived to omit to tell the "actual process" of his death; strangely the only lines in which he was imperfect were those wherein the ghost tells how the king poured into the porches of the ears, &c;, &c.; Mr Hall played Laertes respectably, and Miss Allen's Ophelia was too pretty,— too much of the boarding-school Miss, and too little of the woman whom Hamlet could love. The various other characters were sustained with creditable effect, and the scenery was excellently managed. Shake spere, as we have said, should be welcomed in all shapes. He can always take care of himself, whether he gets fair play or foul. The performance last night, for instance, suggested a variety of thoughts, all of more or less value, because they were about Shake spere. Quite apart from all consideration of the more complex features in Hamlet's character,—features of which nothing more need now be said than that the best critics have agreed in placing them beyond the pale of flesh-and- blood portrayal,—any lover of Shakespere who saw Mr Holt't highly wrought piece of acting last night, could not but be impressed with the feeling that an actor has quite enough to do to send home to the heads and hearts of his audience the fine echo—so carefully preserved by Shakespere—of Hamlet's former self. During the brief period of our intimacy with Hamlet,—in timacy is not the right word, for his intimacy is just what we can't get at,—Hamlet as drawn by Shakespere, is Hamlet in ruins, and around and about these ruins, the poet has dramatically clustered a mysterious overgrowth of emotions and feelings, the in terpretation of which, in their diversity and in their fulness, will confound alike the ignorant and the skilful for all time to come. Nobody in the play understands Hamlet, any more than Hamlet understands himself. Next to Ophelia, Horatio should know most about him ; but, at best, the faithful and affectionate feIlow-student doesn't believe in ghosts, and is, generally, merely the reasonable man of facts checking the speculative man of genius in his "too" curious considerations in a graveyard. Ophelia is a woman, and therefore knows him, or did know him, better. Shakespere never loses a natural opportunity of showing the exquisite sense he has of woman's joys and griefs, and he has therefore chosen Ophelia to be the "sweet remembrancer" to us, in words, of what Hamlet once was. It is to Ophelia we must look, if we would gather up, in a few lines of aching regret, the character of her lover's past self—a character which, since its transformation, as the King calls it more wisely than he means, no two thinking heads—according to Schlegel—can agree in their attempts to comprehend. At the close of that seven-fold unactable scene, wherein Ophelia has heard and seen Hamlet madly forswear his love, what are the thoughts uppermost in the lady's griefs ? In contemplating that noble mind o'erthrown, what is it in Hamlet she most remembers and most regrets ? Why, his imaginative wit, his courtly pleasantry, his scholarly fulness, his most sovereign reason," his learned trifling (he had stored up many a "trivial fond record," although Mr Holt omitted to say so last night,) his fine-blown youth, his royal heritage, and even his soldierly accom plishments. Hear her:— O, what a noble wind is here o'erhrown! The courtier's, soldier's, eye, tongue, sword: The exi>*ct:m.7 .•ixlro Tim gl<>* of l.vhi 'i mil the mould of form, •Jir observed of a )1 bswrefs t quit?. quite, down! jtiid I, of ladles suo t deject and wretched, c Tiiatsucki.HttUoho'icyi.fhiamusletowji; - Now sec tint u»b!o aadmnst sovereign reason, Like ewect bed* iauglwl^out of tuoo and harsh; That unmatched foitnaud featuro of blown youth, . Illastcil v.illso htwyl Oh, woeUwe! 7V> Irne sscn ichal I have*rtn, M ir/i«l 1 stet Well, how arc theso ruins to be acted 1 Acted tliey must be, else the Hamlet wherein they are not acted is not Shakcspere's Ilant lct. There is no sbirkiiig the dilliculty by going to a "more removed ground," for, like the ghost, it. rises up in judgment against tho actor at every turn. No nutter how busy Hamlet is with his present self, he is constantly letting in glimpses of his past self 1 low witty and hearty lie can't help being with the players, almost forgetting his woes in his_ criticism I How he bandies euphuisms with Osrie, and does not scorn to foil that water-fly at its own gossamer weapuu I How, like a humorist, ho trots out the gravedigger, and with what a relish he finds him to be a " character." And so on throughout the tragedy. His pleasantry is only toned down, bis wit has only a neces sarily bitter dash of womwood of it, and his j " most sovereigu reason," which, during its health, Ophelia renumbers with awe, is only' morbidly subtilised ill prosecuting the infinite and vain task of of taking himself to pieces, and plucking out the heart of his own mystery. Not a sen tence he utters but bears some tinge of his otter eyo, let the idea he never so passionate —never so sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought. Hamlet is a wreck and is richer for being a wreck, like the flower that yields Its best sweets alter crushing: but nothing in all this' wreck, — nothing which our enchanting Prospcro has made to Suff r a aovchauge Icto somciblDg rich aud sirasge, but it retainR indestructible relics of its native being. These relics (to say nothing of whatever else he has to do) the actor of Hamlet must, reproduce to the eye of flesh: and where, alas! is the actor, who, amid tho hustlo of stago cli'cct and the glitter and fau faron of exits and entrances, can make such au exquisite and ever-present echo constantly and musically heard't The thing is physi cally impossible, and can only be imagined. The following nugget paragraphs are from yesterday's Bmliyo Advertiser A Nugget.—On Saturday a very fine nugget, weighing 91 or. 3 ilivta 12 grs was purchased by the bank of Victoria. The fortunate finders of this rich prize in the lottery of gold mining decline to give any information of the locality where it was got, but we believe it was found not far from Sandhurst. Another Nugget.—In a small gully, as yet untried, a nugget was got on Saturday, weighing about three ounces. The gully is situated in the rear of the Glasgow Arms, Kangaroo Flat, and goes by the name of 'Sawpit.' Monster Cake of Gold.—A cake of amalga mated gold, weighing 1158 ozs 10 dwts., was ex hibited in the window of the Oriental Bank of Saturday. The gold was the result of a crushing of forty tons of stone, from the claim of Gemmell and Co.,.on the Eastern Victoria Reef. Except the large cake produced some time since by Latham and Watson, this is the largest that has ever been shown on Bendigo. On Saturday it attracted the observation of a large number of ad mirers, and although it was surrounded by some splendid smaller cakes of the precious metal, and various other specimens of stone and gold, it looked a perfect 'giant amongst the pigmies.' 