'Wednesday, Atril '11. Wc were rather inclined to think that wo would .have wet weather for . the spurts to day. it having threatened to rain early this morning. All, however, were agrccubly disappointed, it having cleared up soon after, giving the spectators more delightful weather than yesterday. The road to the course had the same animated appearance, nnd 'the attendance was much larger. W. D. Campbell, "Esq., and several nf the stewards, occupied their places on the stand shortly after-eleven. At ten minutes to oua :tho bell was rung for tho -first race. Squatters' Torse of £-30, for all horses, to bo handicapped by the stewards. Tho winner of the Town Plato to bo debarred from running in this race. Ilcats, ouco round the course. Mr. "Purcell's b.g. Dan O'Conncil .... 1 1 „ E. ICean's g.g. Jacky JIurgan . . . . 2 2 „ Kennedy's h.g. Chance 3 dr „ Broughtun's ch.g. Tom-Tit 4 dr First Heat. — Dan led off, closely pushed by Tom-Tit; they kept their places till pnst tho half-mile post, when a hard struggle occurred between Jacky Morgan ami Tom-Tit for second place, which ducky Morgan soon ob tained, Dun O'Conncil coining in an easy winner. Second Heat. — Dan O'Cdnnell took tho lead hy three or four yards, and kept it all the way, Jacky not having the shadow of chance with his opponent. second -race. The Publicans' Purse of £45, for all liorsos, carrying Homchush weltor weights. Threo times round tbo course — one event. Mr. R. Taylor's ch.g. Don't-you-know .. 1 „ Broiighton's b.g. Triggertail 2 „ B. Tayloi's g.g. Fire-away dr „ Piirce'il's b.g. Wide-awake dr Triggertail and Dont-you-Unow were tho drily two' that started' for tiiis race, the for mer having a slight lead at thu start. Both horses kept the samo positions when passing the stand for tlie first time, Don't-you-know being hard held all the way. After passing the distance post, tho chcsnut was let out, and cantered in winner by uearly a length. Great credit is due to Mr. W. Broughton for his sportsmanlike spirit in this affair, lin having bought Triggertail the previou night for £53, in order to prevent a walk over hy Doht-you-know. third bags. Tho Farmers' Purse of £20, a trotting match, for all horses. Twice round the .oourae— one event; carryiug 12 stone. Mr. Broughton's b.c. Fidget 1 „ Peter Besnard's ch.g. Tom Thumb. . 38 „ Broughton's h.g. Rainbow S Fidget led off, closely followed by Tom Thumb, Rainbow being all behind. Fidget 'had improved his distance a littlo in the 'first turn round, and it hecamo quite evident that .Tom . Thumb hud . not the ghost of a chance with him, while Rainbow had not yet hove in sight. In the lust round very littlo differcnco between Fidget and Tom Thumb, tho former winning' by several yards. Time, 7 minutes. Two of. tho stewards accompanied thu horses round-, ta prevent breaks, FOURTH ItACK. Hack Unco nf£10. for all horses as described in the Hack Race of tlie first day; tlio winner of the previous day's race being debarred from running, lleuts, once round tlie course ; cnteli weights. ' Mr. Garry's Willy- the-WoazIo. .. . 13 1 „ Ilanuock's Vmidemoiiiaii .. .. 2 1 2 „ Taylor's Mickey Free 3 0 0 „ J. Cufiy's Fanny Davis 0 0 dr „ Hurley's Weazcl 0 0 dr ,, Burke's Tcnzu'm . „ ._. ._ _0 0 diy First Heat. — Tenze'm led olf from tlie jump in fine style, keeping the lead until he got to tlie distance post, where Willy was let out, and tuck first place, Tenzc'ui being u good second, and Mickey Free third ; the rest nowhere. Second Heat.— Willv-the-WcazcI jumped off witli the lead, .but was soon collared by Viuideiiiouian. They kept togethor till coining home, when Willy gave second piece to Tenzo'in; Vandemoiiimi was landed winner of this heat, hard pushed by Tenzo'in ; Willy-the-Weazol third. Third Heat.— Only two started. Vandc- inonian and Willy-thc-Wenzel being tlie contesting horses. Willy had a slight lead in the start. A good race ensued, and Van demoiiimi took first place behind tlie hill, but Willy appeared to be only playing with him, and now passed Vumluimmiun, coming in winner, hard held, by several lengths. Willy-tlie-Weazcl was declared winner under protest,, which was mil decided up to tho time of our leaving Burnnva. fifth hack. ' Consolation Stakes of £15, for all horses beaten during, the meeting ; to lie handi capped by the stewards. One mile and a half— one event. Mr. E.lCean's g.g. Jucky Morgan 1 ,, R. Taylor's b.g. Mickey Free 2 „ W. Broughton's b.g. Tom-Tit dr Jaeitey Morgan took tlie lead ; Mickey Free had not the slightest ohaucu with him, ami .lackey came in an easy winnor by seve ral lengths. J lurry "Scurry "tor"£6r'forTilI 'lforsba"j-Iieats7" oneo r.mml tlie course. Mr. Kennedy's Style 0 0 11 „ A. Campbell's Drince .... 1 0 0 0 „ Connor's White Cloud .. . . 0 10 0 Seven or mnro horses started. Prince showing them the way to go round tho course iu fine style, and winning easily. Sicond lloat. — A good start was clfoctcd, nud some capital running was made be tween White Cloud, Prince, and Style, thu foniwr bunding the others by about a -length. Third Meat.— This was a very good con test, tho race being principally confined to two or throe superior hacks. Oil passing thu distance post White Cloud was in ndvunce, with S'.ylo close up, which position was kept till within a few yards of tlie -winning post, when .Style passed White Cloud, and came. in first. Fourth Heat. — Won by Stylo, hard-held, whose superior speed aud-bottom proved too much for tho others. Wo think tho groatost credit is duo -to the Judge, W.,D. Campbell, Esq., J.P., and to lier in which they discharged their -respec tive duties. The " settling" took place at Mr. Hurley's, Royal Hotel; and after business was wound up, all sat down to n champagne supper. 'The usual toasts were proposed and re sponded tn ; and iho most ample justice was done to the champagne. 'J'lio harmony of thu meeting was undisturbed. Daylight broke iu upon the happy party ere they thought of separating. 1'unt on tub Ml'ilhumiiuigre. TllO Government has called for tenders for the construction of a punt to cr'dss the Murrum bidgee River, at a spot near where the dividing lino uf the Yuss aud Quoanbeyan Police districts joins that river. The punt is required to be uble to carry not loss than ten ti-ns. St. Clement's Cnuncii. — Wo under stand the evening services in this Church will in future he commenced at seven p.m., instead of lmlf-past seven. Hinai.ono Races. — These races tnko place on Wednesday and Thursday next. Several of the horses that ran at tho Hurrowa meeting arc expected to contest for the prizes. Huge Pumpkin. — Mr. Jas. Grovenor of Y.t-s, on Friday last, cut from ti-vinc in his .garden in Yass, a pumpkin weighing 72 His., and measuring 5ft. in circumference. This is the largest pumpkin wc have heard of in this district. Oddfellows' Lodge in Yass. — On last Monday evening the Loyal Prince of Wales Friend Lodge of Oddfellows, M. U.. v.ai duly opened in Ynss by P.P.G.M. Davis, of Gju'lburn. Twqnty-fiv.e persons were ad mitted members, and initiated into the secrets of the order. Several of those who lutd enrolled their names as intending to join the lodge were prevented from attend ing. The following ofiice-bearers were elected : — T. Harbor, N.G., J.. Barnes, R.S., and Thomas Colls, L.S., to the N.G. , J. Wilson, V.G., James Wood, R.S., and A. J/. Patisun, L.S., to the V.G. ; John 1 igmnn, Secretary ; C. S. Q,uail, Treasurer ; James Grovenor, \V. ; J. A. Robinson, conductor ; Robert Dade, I.G. ; William 11 eg ley, O.G. Yass Wesleyan Sabdatii School. — Ou Sunday last two sermons were preached in behalf of the above school by the Rev. W. K'dynack. The rev. gentleman, in his usual lucid, pointed, and onergcHcunatiner, enforced upon his hearers the obligations which were binding upon them as regarded the spiritual welfare of others, antj strongly urged upon them the claims of the Sablmt'h school. The collections resulted in a sum of upwards of £5 being subscribed. — On the following day (Monday) the children were regaled with cake anu tea, aud enjoyed themselves on the recreation ground, where they were plentifully supplied with nuts and sweetmeats, kindly supplied by the storekeepers. In the evening, between seventy and eighty persons sat down to tea; and at eight o'clock the usual public meet ing was held, which was numerously at tended. The report for the past year was read, und showed the state of the school to be most satisfactory and encouraging. Mr. Thomas Brown, of Jerrawa, in a humorous and highly effective speech, enforced the claims of the sclvol upon the attention of parents. Tho Rev. W. Kclynack then addressed the meeting, pointing out the ad vantages which resulted from Sabbath school instruction, when seconded by pa rental example, and warning them of the moral and spiritual danger arising from ne glect. The proceeds of tho collections aud tea meeting were £'10 12s. Bd. The I'eleohatmi. — Tho second wire be tween Sydney aud Alliury is now Btretched the entire distance, and ready for use. We understand'that on the Victorian side of the River Murray a second wire has not yet b.oen commented. . _ The Lockup. — Several well-placed ven tilators have been constructed in tho cells, and a strong current of fresh air now per vades the promises. The gaoler expresses his opinion that thrco months' confinement in the cells would not now be as injurious to the health of the prisoner as one month's imprisonment before the alteration was ef fected. Smith, the Runaway. — This notorious prisoner is now confined in tho Yass lockup, and js unlit to be removed, his health hav ing apparently broken down, lie is under medical treatment. Deatii by Drowning. — We lcprn bv telegraph from Gundugai that Mrs. Alt," wife ot Mr. Alt, storekeeper in Gundugai, was drowned a few days ago. The pnrtieu- Jftrs of the calamity have not reached us. ! Police Couiit. — There was but little ; business to transact at this Court on;, Thurs day lust. Samuel Daniels, charged with drunkenness, was dismissed. Robert Banks Cooper, a ticket- ol'-leave holder, was brought up for being absent from his district. He was orderel to be sent to Batlnirit, tho magistrate (Mr. Davidson) remarking that he would cause a letter to be forwarded, stating tlmt Cooper had conducted himself properly during the time lie lmd been in -tlie-Yass district. — Saruh-Brennun chnrqed- hcr husband, John Brcunati, of Fairy hole Creek, with having assaulted her. The magistrates asked the parties if they could not effect a private settlement of their dif ferences, but were answered in the negative, and the case was gone into. Mr. Allman appeared- for tho complainant, and tlio charge having been proven, tlie defendant was lined 10s., and ordered to pay costs of Court and professional costs, amounting to £'2 9s. lid. The magistrates eaulioiiid Bretmati as to his future behaviour to his wife, nud informed hint t lint if lie was again brought up on n similar charge, the full penalty would be inflicted. Pahi.iame.vt. — In the Assembly on Tuesday tho only matter of importance was the motion of Mr. Cape for an additional grant of £'30.000, to be equally divided be tween the National and Denominational School Boards. Mr. R bortsoii, while con- ourriug-in tho ol jcct of the mover, doubted whether so largo a sum could lie beneficially expended in tlie eight -inouths of the year to run, and moved that tiic sum be reduced to £10,000. The amendment was carried by a large majority. — Mr. Richard Jones re signed his seat as member of the Assembly for the flunter district. On the motion of Mr. Robertson, tho seat was declared vacant. 