THE CATHEDRAL OF ST. FRANCIS. PROFESSION OF A NOVICE. Persons in this colony have not hitherto had maty opportunities of witnessing the imposing ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church, bat yesterday tho announcement of the reception of a novice, and tbe profession of a Siaiar of Mercy, attracted a large number of persons to the Cathedral of yt. Francis, Lonsdale street, influenced partly by curiosity and partly by interest either in the individuals in whepe bthalf ths ceremonies were discharged, or in the sacred rights of the Church whose tenets they sup. port. The fair novice who on this occasion graced the c:remony of reccptiun, was formerly known in the world as Mies Catherine Flynn, while her sister de votee, who underwent the mora advanced degree of ' profession,' was formerly a M'ss Butler. Bjth, however, in accordance with the practice of t! e Roman Catholic Church, now lose those namaH, and in their stead tako the designation, in Miss Fljrnn'e case of Slater Mary Patrick AUoysim ; and in Mias Butler'B case, of Sister Mary Francis Xavier. The ceremonies, which began at a fewr minuter after nine o'clock a.m., oommenced with a procession formed of the cross bearer leading, the postulants, two and two, in this instance formed of a bevy of young IadieB dressed in white trimmed with blue ribbon, and with wreaths of ' immortelles' upon their head, the professed religious, th« novice elect, Miss Flynn, between the mother a3»in tant and the mother superior, the aeolytcs beirins: tapers, the priests, comprising tha Revds. J. J. Bl»asdale, T. O'Rourke, P. Madden, and J. Hojne, the celeorant, tne Aligns uev. ur- u-ouici, tne vicar General, tho Riv. Dr. Fitzpatrick, the Deacon, the Rev. T. Haydn, tho S«b Deacon, the Rev. H. England, the first master of ceremonies, the Rev J. Moore, and the second master of ceremonies, the Rev. W. Finn. While the procession was forming, the cantors sang the hymn ' 0 Qloriosa,' and the novice elect knelt to aak the blessing of the sttpe riorosB, and the name she was to receive iu religion. She then proceeded to tho sanctuary steps aud genu flected before the blessed sacrament, and remained there upon her kneeB. Tbe Bishop, on arriving at the altar, had the crozier nnd his mitre taken away by the attendant On the conclusion of the hymn, the Bishop sang this _ versicle and prayer, 'Ora pro ei, sanota Dei gen.Hrix ut digna efficiatur promis«ioribus Christi and, after a prayer, blessed -1. /.on/lle loiil ilnnn t.'riB -mot.ln alrto nftl.o A further prayer follawed, upon which the novice was conducted by the mother assistant and superior ess to tbe altar, where she received, on kissing the hand of the Bishop, the candle. She then returned to ber place, and the Bishop, putting incenS9 in tho thurible, blessed it, sprinkled tbe candle with holy water and incense, and presented the candle lighted to the novice, repeatiug a prayer. The novice then retired, and being seated in the middle of the choir, a norruon was preaohed, after which she was again conducted to Ihe altar, where the Biehip, wearing his mitre and holding his crozier, interrogated her ai to her free wish to put on the holy habit of religion. The mitre baing taken off, the Bishop rose and repeated — ' Quod Deus in te incospit ipse perficiat Exuat te dorninu* veterem hominem cum acti bus suis.'' The novioe cried 'Amen.' retired to her place, and then left to nut off tho secular dress. The cantors commenced to Hing psalms or devotional motottn, and continued doing so until the return of tbe sisters. As soon as the novice left the chair the celebrant blessed the habit — ' Dominus vobiscum 13t cum spiritu tuo.!' After several prayers he sprinkled the habit with boly water, and one of the religious took it to tbe novice elect. The veil was then blessed, and ths Biihop sprinkled it with holy water, and resumed bis mitre. While tho novice re-entered the choir, the csntors sang ' Qntu est ista, ' and the Bishop, with some further ceremonies, re sumed hia mitre, and clothed the Postulant, who, giving her candle to the Mother Assistant, was 0'n ducted to the altar, where ska received, after kissing it and the Bishop's hand, the cincture, and present ing it to the Superioress, was girded with it. After 'Cum esses junior,' the novice knelt while the Bishop veiled her, saying, 'Accipe velum candidum ' Tho oompletion of the religioui clothing of the rovice being effected, she genuflected, and receiving her candle from the Mother-assistant, retired and knelt down. She then, having bsen sprinkled with boly wattr, retired a few Bteps, and sung alternately with the canturs, ' Kructavit cor moum vcrbum bonum : dico ego opera mea rejri,' &c-; AU knelt down, and tbe cantors H'lni', 'Veui Creator Spiritus.' This bymn being finished, the clergy and religions rose and turned to the altar ; the novicj remaining prostrate while Ihe Bishop repeated the ' Kyrie eleison,' and other forms. ?Ha thou sprinkled the novice wi'.h holy water, upon which she rose, made a genuflection to tbe Holy Sacra ment, embraced the Superioress and the Religions, received h;r cardie, aud took her place among the ifdigioug. During this lh3 CMitora fnng, ' Emo quara bonum, and the first ceremony, which we bars detailed separately, that of ' Receiving a Novice,' concluded. THE CEREMCNT OP PROFESSION. Miss Butler, now Sister Mary Francis Xtvier then underwent the csremouy of '? Profession,' which is the fiaul acceptation of a religious order, and merits a distinct description. The black veil having been left near the altar, also holy water, pen, ink, and the act of profession, the procession, similar iu every respect to that of the first ceremony, entered during the singing of the ' Veni .Creator.' Tho cruter and mitre of the bishop bav ins been UkenofT. he blessed tho veil at the enistle side of tho altar- ' Eiuitte spiritum tuum et creabuntur. He , renovubls faciem term. With several prayers the Teil was sprinkled 'in nomine Patris,'' and the ring being also blessed aud sprinkled the bishop read ' Dominus vobiscum. ' A sermon was then delivered and the devotee was conducted to the altar, where the binhop put thu usuil interrogations, and tho so lemn mass of the Holy Ghost said. After some fur ther forms of prayer the mother assistant took the candle from the novice and gave her the act of pro fession, which she read in an audible voice. It runs thus: — '? Vot* mea Domioo reddam, in conspectu omnk populi ejus, in atriia domus Domini.' The Antiphon, the Confiteor,£and the ' Ecco Agnus Dei'' being said, tho bishop approached the novice, elevating the sacr&ment; whilst she ^pronounced her vows. She then read the act of profession, and signing it with a cross handed it to the mother assis tant, and received the communion. Mags being said, the bishop took off the chaa uuib ami put on a cope anu mitre. The 'newly professed' havine repeated several forms for the occasion gave her candlo to tho mother assist ant, and being conducted to the altar had the black v«il placed upon her head by tha bidhop. The su periors tlmu fastened the veil, and the fair devotee uttered ' Poauit signtim in f-»ciem raeam. Ut nullu«i, p-anereum, amator»m adinittam.' She then knelt to the bishop, who put the ring on her third finger, thus espousing ber to the Church, as she in the following words describes, *' Ipni sum desponRata cui angeli serviunt, eujus pulchritudinem sol et luna mirantur.' The bishop with bis mitre on blessed her. upon which she and tho cantors sang alternately ' Eructavit,' & c. A few further ceremonial observ ances followed, after which the newly professecf hav ing been sprinkled with water, made a genuflection to tbe sacrament, embraced her sisters, took her candle and place according to rank, and thus sealed the voluntary act which for ever separates her from worldly Bociety. The procession then retired in the order of entrance. Though we bave thus attempted to give an outline of the forms of ceremony used on this occasion, we confess to an utter inability to describe tbe feelings with which tbe mere witnessing of these forms was atteaded. St. Francis' is not ' a long drawn aisle,' or a building of so imposing a cha racter as some of its brethren in Europe, yet the emblem of the Christian religion, the pictures of the suffarings of our Saviour, the occasional view of some one unattrncted by the ceremony, performing their private devotions in a portion of the Citbedral set apart for that purpose — these, aud the well-dressed and attentive crowd in attendance, tbe b:auty of the ladies and their dresses forming part of tbe proces sion, the dim light of the tapers, and the magnificent vestments' of tbe ecclesiastical officials concerned, were quite sufficient to awake onr attention and enli.hten ua as to the cause of the power exerted by tho im posing Roman Catholic rituals on every mind, with out the additional appeal made to all possessed of a heart, by viewing a girl in the zenith of her youth And beauty, voluntarily resigning all worldly p' ensures, hopes, fsars, and ties, for the purpose of devoting herself to a life repuguant to natural associations, and calculated by the solemnity of the sacrifice to terrify tho most anxious supplinnt for its responsibilities. We left the cathedral with a feeling of sadness, not □ntinctu ed with regret at having Buffered our curi osity to expose ub to the influence of solemn a rite ; and though unwilling to discuss in any way the tenets ueiu uy uur icuuw*ciu20us ui me uuvtvui/ faitb, we feel assured that the influence exerted by a Sister of Mercy is 'infinitely lees beneficial either to the world generally, or for tho propagation and sup port of her own religion particularly, than such in fluence when displayed by one partaking of our pleasures, our pains, and our responsibilities, as a d 'Ughter, a Bister, a wife, and a mother. The eiugiug was in some cases extremely good, but a little confusion arore at the period of administering the Sacrament from the cantors unnecessarily prolonging the hymn upon which they wero engagod. The intense curiosity manifested by the cungregatiou was amusing ; al though wo blush for the fair sex while we say it, it led to tbe breach of tbe usu il decorum attending tho celebration of a religious rite, many of the ladies standi eg upon tbe forms to obtain a^better view. In conclusion we cannot refrain from acknowledging the anxiety to supply tho requirements of the fourth estate ishown by tho gentlemen connected with the proceedings, a place having been specially set apart for that purpose in a commanding position. 