CORRESPONDENCE. {We are not responsible for the opinions and statements of our correspondents.] Sir,— Doubtless you have read, in the Maitland Mercury of the 28th ult., a report of a meeting held at Hinton to petition the Legislature for the abolition of State-aid to religion, at which meet ing it is reported that amongst the speakers was a certain individual named Mclntyre, who, in his course to have a dig at Popery, and in a most rabid and frenzied strain (such as might be ex pected from one originally imported from the back slums of Edinburgh) was pleased to launch forth in bitterest invective against tho Roman Catholics (Papists, as he termed them) and their Church, by designating them ' baptized heathens,' and saying of their Church that in his opinon 'their Church was no church at all.' There does not appear in this person's bearing much of that Christian charity which the Son of God inculcatod to his disciples when he said 'Love your enemies, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that persecute and calumniate you.' Oh ! no ; that is far from Parson Mclntyre's doctrine ; he propounded quite the opposite at a public meeting held in the Baptists' school-house at Hinton. I must confess that I was not a little surprised when I first saw this low, malignant effusion in print, to think that one so utterly contempti ble would have the hardihood to thus dare to insult so many millions (two hundred and fifty) of Christians professing this one only true religion — that religion which Jesus Christ came on earth to establish, and which has been cemented by the blood of the martyrs, and propagated all over the world by the express command of Christ himself, when he said to Peter ' Thou art Peter (a rock), and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gutes of hell shall not prevail against her;' and again to his Apostles, 'Go teach all nations, baptising them in the name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; and lo! I am with you all days, oven unto the end of the world.' Yet this is the religion and the church which this meddling creature dares to calumniate and revile ; but the great day of retributive justice will come, when all slanderers, if they repent not in time, will call upon tho hills and the mountains to hide their faces from the wrath of an offended and angry Judge. I waited for some days, rather impatiently, I admit, in the hope that some one of our esteemed clergymen would chastise this calumniator of his neighbour's good name ; and I am now happy to add that my anticipations were realised to their fullest extent oy our venerable Pastor, who has for this time condescended to notice this reviler by giving him such a castigation as his deserts merited. The Very Rev. Dean Lynch brought the matter before his congregation on Sunday evening last, in St. John's Church, which was crowded almost to suffocation, and in a lecture of one hour and forty minutcs (which for brilliancy of thought and elegance of style has seldom, if ever, been surpassed in the colony ) laid bare the whole matter, and at the conclusion promised to deliver a series of lectures in St. John's, in refu tation of Mr. Mclntyre's unchristian tirade. And now, Mr. Editor, as Parson Mclntyre has fallen into the safe keeping of Dean Lynch, I shall not say more at present, but simply offer him a friendly advice, which, if he take, will do him some service — which is to mind his own affairs in future, and lot tho Papists alone. A BLARNEY MAN. Maitland, March 12th, 1860. : 