ENGLISH EXTRACTS. A Bor finor at a Miutuv P*eicb.—Tbe men of tbe TSnd and T4tb Begimrota, ftationed In Dudhope Barrack*. Dundee, on Wednesday afternoon week engaged in the riflepractice with blankcartridges {o the Barrack Park, and In tbe courae of thl* eraroUe a boy named Jame* Watt, aged twdve yoara, w»* observed immediately altera roU«yh*d been Bred, to preta his band to hU head and W1 to the ground. Wtaa pitied up be wa* noticed to be In STeat psdn, and blood flowed profUscly from Ml templea. He WW conveyed to the inflrmwy, and before drewing the wound a green pea wueittacted Ami tiie rtot temple, which rested cloae on the brain. He dled fbe next day. It b Mid that the pea which *truck tbe deoeased wa* intended for one oftheoffioers. A private named James Smith haa beenj^wbaaded on *uipldon of having fired the Tm Suva Te*i>b.—I«d Btratboden baa given notlee of n motion In the flotue of Jjorda tm Monday toaddre** the Crown In ftvof of appointing a Consul at Moamblque, tbe capital of the Portugueae dominions oa the eattero ooaat of Africa. For upwards of two veer* thl* office, lint created by the of Clarendon, ha» been vacant No reason has been aailgned for the Continual vacanoy. The purport ©four eontular iautborityatMntamblque wa* to arrest the slave trade on that coast, and to couragc legal oommarce. There if too tnucb reason to foar ttat, daring it* «uipenaion, the traffic advance* uatmpeded, while oiber export* IStll aw»v. Ample informatioD on these point* may be found In the last volume of Slave Trade Report*, and In the lively *ork of M'Leod,, who In 1857 filled the pott in question. Ftow tho Slave Tiade RtporU it may bo gathered that (here sever was a moment when the labors of our *qu*dron were more dlscounged and rejlstod, or when ttKy were wore In want of the wuMnlng twwsr wliiqh oomular ostabliahments along the ooaat may flirniib. Whoever has the good luck to read Mr. M'l/wd's work will laugh at (ho idea of anything effectual being done upon tbe eastern coast cither by tbe British cruiser* er the Portugnew official* without a co&jul; at Mozambique togive to formation to the former,and from lime to time to rebuke the criminal mboonduet of U10 later.—i >C!t<b>x Obterver, Smki.mng a Tiokh.—My pony roust have met the other dny " i' the foicil," not a fool,bnt a tiger. for ho has boen in a most disgraceful state of nervousness ever einoc. He goes along the road snuffing, and snorting, and sttiriing at everything. 1U' sees " tiger* in stones, beasts in tbe running brooks, and danger in everything." It is certain that ponies get into a like nemms statu wbeo they smell a tiger, Which people here tts«crithoy do. A planter called my attention to the pnA'Smity ofa tiger at night to the bungalow, asuerting that he smelt liim. I could not perceive it I suppose it requires residence and training in Cachar to smell out a tiger, aa pointer dogs require teaching and trebling to scent their game.— Gakmtta Englishman. Paj'kh Pil l!*.—"Oie idea of paper pipes to the general world may seem to bo a myths but they arc, verily, a aad reality—sad, that ia to manufacturers both of clay close-jointed pipes ami iron pipes, both of which limy are undoubtedly destined to supersede; in atrcngth, in durability, and in many other ways they for cxcel either. I<ct any one who doubts this inspect (he «peeimen pipe now to be seen at Mr. John Kennedy'*, Theatre-lane, and read the testimonials in favor of these pipes, and tbe reports of scientific mon ofcmiiifDcc. Those pipes lwve been proved to stand a pressure of from 300 to 250 pounds to tbe square inch. Then look at the price—a three-inch pipe ran be had at the rate of 1*. a yard, and other sires in proportion. What man of common sense would use any other pipes for sewerage, gas, and "iter, or other purposes fur which close-joint^ pipes of any kind are required ? When they were referred to by Mr, Gladstone, hi hi* celebrated speech of the loth Febrmiiy, the idew of paper pipe* wm scouted. Since that date tiny have been largely patronized by tbe Queen, Prince Albert, Hie Government, and many public bodies. In fket, tbe patentees for England cannot even meet tbe orders they receive, —English Paper. CEEEIIS or THE Would.—Mr. C. F. W. Dietterich, a statistician, and director of the Statistical Department of Berlin, estimating tbe population of the world at 1,300,000,000, down the Asiatic religions aa believed by 600.000,000, or about45percent.; the Christian religion by 535,000,000, or about n per cent.; Pagans, 200,000,000, or about per cent; Mahomedaos, 60,000,000, or about IS per cent, lite 335,000,000 Chistiaoa an again divided into 170,000,000 Soman Catholics, or about 50 per cent.; 89,000,000 Protestants, or about 25 per cent; and 7S,000,600 Greek Catholic*,or about 15 per cent. SBorumNo.—In as article entitled "A Day's Shopping," the Saturday Review lias the following remark*;—" But it appears that there are dangers in the very security of the Temple There are drawbacks on both sides from the unrestrained comforts of shopping e* fount tibrc. Tbe haberdasher assert* thai he is constantly robbed by his fair customerstod the customs* certainly often have to regret that tlieir cliarterod freedom from the guardianship of busbands and fathers places them at the mercy of awkward accidents. Messrs. Swan abd Edgar wan to say that they have been robbed to often by ladies that they consider ahoplifting rather a rule than an At any rate, every lady who goea out lor the luxury of a day s quiet shopping ,<oes so at the risk of being looked after and treated as a very poarible, perhaps, a* a very probable thief. Kven a bouse ao respectable as that of Mestra. Swan and Edgar admits that they suspect everybody. And from certain rumors it is thought that there are thopt of a disreputably cheap and popular kind, in which aimulated charges of shoplifting are perhaps the most profitable " article kept in stock." Weare by no meant hinting that the defendant in the late t**, Leeooitev. Hope, had not some, and did not think be had ample cause for making the charge of shoplifting against tbe poor governess from Wales. But the case is en illustrative one. It is very likely that there U a vast amount of female shoplifting; but tlie question ia, whether the present habit* of trade do not hold out a ccrtain sort of premium to shoplifting, and whether the tradesman doe* not himself indirectly encourage that criminality in his customer which he afterwards suffers from! The wbole morale of haberdashers' nhopi, In nine cases out of ten, is utterly bad. When a shopkeeper advertises that he is telling off at a rninoos sacrifice-that his warts are going at •* absolutely adisoountof thirty-five and a-ha!f per cent, off tlie manufacturer's prices"—he does one of two things. Either he ic guilty of a deliberate fidsiflcation aad fraud, and then be Invites reprisals—or, if be really is selling goods at this price, be is robbing some manufacturer. Tlie thing— that is, the selling off on these terms—if possible, is a robbery; if impossible, it is invented as a fraud on Oie purchaser. The seller invites the purchaser to be an accomplice in a fraud. New we believe tint ladies, as a rule, avoid this class of telling-off shops aa they do scarlet-fever or small-pox; but there are bargain-hunters who resort to them. Now bargainhunto-a are the raw material of shoplifters. It require* but a little more warping of a woman's moral sCTse to induce her to prig six yards of lace in a shop where she is asked to buy it half-price, perfectly aware that it bas been—or, at any rate, pretends to be—stolen from the manufacturer. The wonderful bargains at the cheap shops and shop-lifting go on together—the one produces the other. Shoplifters are die natural remit of 'selling off at a ruinons sacrifice;' and it U no wonder that tbe avowed bargain-hunter it, a* a matter of course, suspected to be a shop-lifter. Tlie remedy is, of course, to dial at a shop where you are well known; but so long as it is the custom of the sex to run in and out of twenty shops in a morning, hunting for cheap goods, suspicion must be the rule. And where every customer it, as a thing of course, a suspicions character, false charges ofstealing are very likeiy to occur." A Bice Fahise is Chixa.—In addition to all these evils the southern province of this empire are threatened with a dearth of the people's chief article of (bod—rice. Prices bare advanced greatly since the departure of the last mail both in Canton and here, and have readied a point that must press heavily on the consigners.— Obttn er. Eeoewamsatton- or THE tm us Aurr.—The details of the reorganisation of the Indian army are being arranged; and we believe that, as regards an equitable settlement of tlie vetted interest in the different foods, no difficulty it likely to arise. Tbe European cavalry and infantry regiments, which have been hitherto local, will become part of the Queen 1 * regular imperial service; the cavalry being numboed tlie 19th Light Dragoons, &c.;, and tbe Infintry tbe 101st Foot Ac. But we understand the purchase system of the present imperial army will not be extended to these corps, in which a system of promotion by seniority, tempered by selection, will be adopted, the first appointments bang made by open competition. The officer* of the regimentsthat mutinied, most of whom are now on the staff, will be allowed to continue In their appointments without any restriction as to time; bnt all tbe new staff appointments vrffl be made from a staff corps, forwhich any officer belonging to a corps serving in India, who has himself been one year with his corps in that country, will be eligible. A certain period (five years) of actual staff service (exclusive of leave of absence), will entitle the officer to a step of military rank. Where so many of the details of tbe new scheme are still under consideration, we do not feel warranted in anticipating the changes more minutely; but wc believe tlie above are likely to be the leadiag points of tlie amalgamation scheme,— Ibid. Oca Depekcbs.—Tho public needed no ghost to tell It what a dirchll calamity would be the occupation of London by an invading enettfy. And Lord Ovcrstone it not richer than any other man of common aente and experience in his knowledge upon this subject. He says what all say, It must not be. He places the first line of defence in the channel, and (apposing any serious reverse to happen there, then the next line must be foot to foot with the enemy. There are, indeed, three lines; first,the fieetisecondly, opposition to a landing; thirdly, if that great difficulty be surmounted, our armies covering London, and contesting every inch of ground, with the advantage of knowledge of the country and the command of all its resources, while the enemy would remain with only the exhaustible supplies he had brought with him. Let ua suppose, for a moment, that our first defence failed, our fleet being worsted in an engagement. Even this Improbable event could not occur without much lots to the enemy; for his transports could not escape much damage or destruction, and his disposal force would be at least considerably diminished. But there may be no battle •t sea, it may bo suggested, and the enemy's fleet may give ours the slip, and come upon our coast unobserved, Considering what the scale of such a fleet must bo, and die narrowness of the waters their vessels would cover, it Is hardly possible to suppose that so huge an armada could escape our fleets,bnt even in that event there would remain, In face of it, the immense difficulty of a landing either with or without resistance. It is tlie feshlon,wc'Vnow, tomake light of this difficulty, and to suppose it easy to place men, baggage, artillery, ammunition, and horses in boats, and run them ashore anywhere; but our officers whose experience of the disembarkation in the Crimea In fine weather without baggage and with few horses, and unopposed by tbe enemy, will bear testimony to the immense difficulty of the operation In circumstances tlie most favorable; and far from certain, Indeed, must have been the result In that instanoe, if the Russians had offered the resistance in their power. In whlob case the eipndltion, U it oould hnvBA&c;&a; the landing, most have done so at the oast ofa lnM aerioutly impairing it* strength. But let us snpposi.' this obstacle overcome; let us suppose the 1-reirii landing with as much ease as passengers out of packets, and i»rrying tlieir horses and artillery and ntunii ions of war ashore as lightly as If they were carpet tags: what next? Why, within twenty-four hours all the troops in (beat Britain, regular and irregular, would be assembled at any point pitched upim as a stand a^'unst the invaders. Our railways would enable us to conceutate nil our forces In less than a day, and to ftirnlth them with all supplies in any petition they may occupy. This is the true fortificationon which we have to plane our dependence, the firing lines, the flesh and blood bulwark of tbe war. With tbe wise that would inspire such a force it is a wrong to our oountrymen to conceive tlie possibility of defeat, but even in that disastrous event, and the occupation of the capital, we believe that tbe patriotism and devotion of tbe country would rise equal to the emergency, and spare no exertion, no sacrifice, for the rescue of London, and the expulsion of tho invaders.— Simm'ser. Ci'iu; fob tub DirmiittiA.—Two physicians have written to the Turn, giving prescriptions for diptheriii Both mention bad drains, and other sources of malaria, tbe want of fresh air, Sec., as the predisposing causes. One M D., Kensington, writes: " There is always some slight MUfhassand uneasiness complained of. Thia ought to draw attention to tbe throat, when tlie peculiar appearance of the ulcer will at once determine their nature. The Means f uce are extremely simple, and hitherto have been most effectual. I give tbe assent-carbonate of ammonia dissolved iu a little water and sweetened, from two grains to a baby two years old, to ten grains to an adult, repeating it every day, together with hi much nourishment tu tan be got down; at the same lime I rnb the outside Of the throat, with a strong embrocation of camphor and ammonia. When this treatment is begun early and judiciously continued, the diptheria or skin, from which it takes its name, is rarely seen. As to infection, there Is reason to believe that the disealo oftener occurs from malaria." The other says:—" Tbe disease it so tiital, because it is mistreated. The local disease it not the beginning, but the end; it grows out ofa febrile condition of tbe whole body, and it* source is in tbe brain. Diptheria is a new-fangled name for an oldfashioned disease—malignant qoinzy—which iii the days of our grandmothers was successfully treated by emetics and lark. This is the treatment which I never yet fornidfail, ijd me give you a case. I was telegraphed to Brighton (Sussex) to ace the daughter of a general officer, who was suffering from tlie disease. When I entered the room the was sitting up in bed, and breathing with great difficulty, the glands were hot and tumid; the tonsils on examination were tlie color of velvet, but an emetic of ipecacuana in 15 minutes not only relieved tbe breathing most efiectuaily, but completely changed the color of the tonsils, and in IS minutes more the external glands (whose size arretted my eyes on my approach) eoulc not be felt with the Angers. A combination of quinine and prussic add, with a repetitioo of tlie emetic, tbe next day, completed the cure" Dischabouio tuB Police.—Tbe Mayor of Chicago has issued a proclamation discharging the whole police foroe of the city, ThU step wsa taken on account of the financial condition of the city. He lays be does not know where the money is to come from to|>ay the few policemen tiiat he may appoint hereafter. 