Church of England Mission to the Aborigines The following narrative of Mr Goodwin's was read at the annual meeting of the members and friends of this mission on the 19th Jan.:— 'I arrived at Port Lincoln (by the steamer Marion) on Sunday afternoon, November 27. The Bishop of Adelaide having kindly furnished one with an in troduction to a Mr Bishop, I at once directed my steps towards bis residence, and there met with the Rev. O. Hammond, the superintendent of the Native Training Institution at Poonindie, who welcomed me in a very cordial manner. After a short delay, we started on horseback for Poonin die, which lies 10 miles to the north of the town of Port Lincoln. The road lay along the shores of the noble harbour of Boston Bay, and for the first few miles over hills thickly timbered with sheoak to the water's edge, the country becoming more level and open as we neared Poonindie, which is situated a short distauce from the banks of a small river named the Tod, upon a plain ligbtly-timbered with sheoak, which is the prevailing timber of the country. ' The village of Poonindie consists of the superintendent's residence, and sundry out buildings, a iarge stone building, used as a dining-hall by the natives, eight brick cottages (mostly two-roomed), and a school room, which is .36 feet long by 16 feet wide inside, witfi a bay-window of four lights 4 feet deep; the side walls are 17 feet high, the gable-ends 28 feet high; on one of them is a bell-turret, it is built of stone with brick quoins, and forms a prominent and pleasing object in the view of the village, as seen from a distance. ' We arrived at Poonindie at 6 o'clock p.m.; at 7 the bell was rung for evening service, when all the adult native popula- tion and other residents assembled in the school-room, forming a congregation of about 35 to 40 persons. 'The Rev. O. Hammond read service, the whole congregation joining in the responses, in a devout and intelligent manner, confessing that they had 'done those things which they ought not to have done, and left undoue those things which they ought to have done;' reading in an audible yet subdued voice the alternate verses of the psalms, the 'Magnificat' and *Deus Misereatur;' professing their belief in God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; and uniting in singing the praises of Our Lord and Saviour — the singing being led by two men (aborigines) playing on flutes from written music before them, in a manner highly creditable to themselves, and most pleasing to hear. The hymn sung was 'Lo! he comes in clouds des ceuding.' Mr Hammond, in a simple and impressive manner, addressed them on the subject of Our Lord's second coming, and the service concluded by singing the hymn, 'Lord, dismiss us with thy blessing.' "I never saw a more quiet, orderly, and attentive congregation. I had heard and read some little of what was done at Poo nindie, but I was scarcely prepared for what I witnessed there. Here were these who by many persons are deemed but one remove above ' the beasts that perish,' reckoned almost beneath the notice of the Almighty, incapable of civilization, unsus ceptible of religious impressions, and hope lessly sunk in ignorance, barbarism, and sensuality — here were these, a remnant, it is true, but yet a people * clothed and in their right mind,' worshipping Him whom their fathers knew not, but who, by His all powerful grace, they have been brought to know and love. ' What I saw filled me with much joy — my heart overflowed — tears filled my eyes — I ' thanked God and took courage.' ' On Monday morning, at 7 o'clock, the bell was rung for prayers, at which most of the people attended, when a chapter from the Old Testament and a selection of prayers from the Liturgy were read. After breakfast the men and boys went about the business of the farm. Most of them were employed in cutting hay, which was carted home during the week, the whole being done by them without any superintendence. At 1 1 o'clock the women and children as sembled in the schoolroom for instruction. I heard them read from their lesson books, and also from the New Testament, and many of them gave suitable replies to questions that were addressed to them, and nearly all of them are acquainted with the Church Catechism. "In the afternoon they again met to be taught sewing, in addition to reading and writing. The evening school conducted by Mr Hammond was well attended by men and boys; many of them can read and write very well, and are able to give in telligent replies to questions proposed to them on what they have read. The cleanly state of their copy-books, and the uniform progress of their improvement in writing, would do credit to any school. All, of coarse, are not equally talented, some making more rapid progress and taking greater delight in their work than others, ' At about half-past 8 the bell was rung, when the adult population assembled in the schoolroom for evening prayer. A hymn was sung, a chapter from the New Testa meat and a selection of prayers from the Liturgy read; and thus was the day brought to a conclusion in a, profitable, peaceful, and Christian like manner. The same course of procedure is gone through daily, except during shearing lime, when the school is necessarily interrupted. ' On Tuesday I inspected the premises, and went over a part of the run. The natives' cottages are built of brick, and thatched. Most of them contain two sepa rate rooms, about 9 by 7 feet, with fireplace in each, and form a residence for two families. All the cottages were in a cleanly and tidy condition, and in nearly all I saw a small shelf, on which were a few well-used books, and most prominent of all was the New Testament, which I was told they prefer to any other, generally taking that in preference to any other book when they go to any of the out-stations to shepherd. The run comprises 35 square miles, and the stock consists of a little more than 6,000 (six thousand) sheep, about 300 (three hundred) cattle, and from 40 to 50 horses. 'The expenses of building have hitherto required an annual grant from Government, which last year was reduced from £1,000 to £500. With the above-mentioned stock, it is thought and hoped by many that the time is near when the institution will be altogether self-supporting, and independent of the Government grant. A portion of the land is cultivated, but only 15 acres are under wheat this year, and owing to the very dry season, it will be but a very poor crop. On Wednesday there was a flock of sheep to be drafted. I went to the sheep yards, and when the drafting was done, the sheep were counted out of the yard by one of the blacks. Placing myself in a con venient position, I also counted the sheep, but without his f-eing aware that I was doing so. When the whole were counted I found that he had counted them quite correctly; the flock numbered over 1,500 (fifteen hundred). ' Who will say after this that the a borigines are incapable of mental improve ment. ' With regard to their spiritual improve ment, there is cause for much thankfulness. Many have given good evidence, both iu their life and by their death, that the saving truths of our most holy religion have found a place in their hearts — their sorrow for sin, their faith in Christ's atonement, their forgiveness of injuries, their love to their fellow-men, and earnest desire that they should be taught the truth as it is iu Jesus, have proved in those that Lave departed to their rest, and yet prove in those that remain, the sincerity of their faith in Christ. ' I would not, however, be understood to say that they have attained to all that we desire to see them — that, they are 'model Christians.' I think people in general expect too much from all missionary efforts, and because they do not see the heathen converts, and especially the aborigines of this country, attain to the perfect model of Christian life and practice which they think they should, they are, if friendly to missions, diseou raged; or, on the other hand, if unfriendly, they at once say it is useless to attempt either conversion, or improve ment. 'Let us, however, * judge righteous judgment;' let us contrast the present state of the inmates of the institution at Poonindie with that of the natives in the bush, with that in which their forefathers lived — yea, contrast their state, their lives, and conduct with those of many of our own people who have had advantages far exceeding any that the poor aborigines have had — and I say the contrast will be much in favour of the inhabitants of Poonindie. If 'all who profess and call themselves Christians' were practical Christians, as well as pro fessing Christians we should hear less about the impossibility of converting the abori gines ; less about the inutility of any efforts for their civilisation, and more about the good that has been effected by the few and feeble efforts that have been made for their improvement and well-being, and those efforts, instead of being discouraged and deprecated would be lauded and re doubled. ' As an instance that the instruction given at Poonindie is not in vain, I heard of a woman who a few years ago was dismissed from the institution for ill conduct. A few months since she was employed at a station some miles distant, and while there was taken ill and died. Her last words were: — ' tell the boys I have not forgotten what I learned at Poonindie — tell the boys I have not forgotten what I learned at Poonindie.' The seed sown had taken root, rugged though the soil was; and may we not hope that, though the day of her life was dark and cloudy, that at ' eventide there was light?' ' I remained at Poonindie a week, and during that time had ample opportunities of observing the character and conduct of its 45 inhabitants — a more peaceable, orderly, and contented community, there cannot be, and taking into consideration their want of stamina, and their inability to endure long continued labour (and also the natural in dolence of the race, which cannot be eradicated in one generation or two) they are on the whole industrious. ' I shall ever look back with pleasure to my week's sojourn amongst them, and with grateful recollection of the kind and open hearted hospitality shown me by Mr Ham mond and his family. ' I left Poonindie at 5 o'clock on the morning of Sunday, December 4th, and ar rived at Port Lincoln in time for the steamer to Adelaide.' — Argus. 