* METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. I was -ir;.?-.r r-'?>[From the Liverpool Action.) i ( " -'.","' ' '* London, Saturday Evening 6th May. j uTN! the miscellaneous estimates, issued this week, credit is taken of course before hand, the money being already spent, although it is "pretended to be asked for, to the extent of some -3600, for external repairs of Pembroke Lodge, and rebuilding a portion thereof in consequence of settlement having taken place in the main walls.". Pembroke Lodge, as all the world knows, or at least should know, though He doesn't, is the tenant- for-life residence in Richmond Park of the Foreign Secretary. It is c to he hoped that the repairs effected in that not 1 particularly picturesque dwelling, and the correction of the settlements in the walls, are emblematic of the renovated condition of the noble occupant. He has just escaped the fate of Actaeon, and is not yet devoured by his own dogs. His reform bill hasn't been openly backed by the Premier, but is reserved till June for the judgment of the Tiverton Herod when the general massacre of the innocents will prevent any special ignominy in its " fond parent s eye attaching to that particular infanticide. No doubt the mode of the sacrifice has been arranged at this evening's Cabinet Council, when the Comic First Minister can hardly fail to have been in" pre-eminently hilarious spirits, seeing that she has an archbishop and a bishop to manufacture. This unequalled slice of para- discal felicity must confirm his early conviction that there is no such thing as original sin in this world, and that any other world must be a superlative one indeed if it equal the present pleasant sphere where the most coveted of windfalls, mares, are always raining on some heads, and without the trouble of having to wear them, he having now the filling up of the archiepiscopal see, and also that of the episcopal one to be vacated by the promotion. It is not to be wondered, therefore, if he humour Lord John by affecting to fall in with any little hocus-pocus for investing the bill with some \- trifling respectability before kicking it into the middle of 1861. By that time the present cabinet, and perhaps half-a-dozen others also, will have gone to pieces, and been patched up again, and probably Bright will be in regimon tals as "War Secretary for really the rifle mania is progressing at such a rate that a scarlet fever must seize upon the gentleman in drab ere long and the member for Birmingham burst into an erysipelas of red cloth and gold epaulets ; as of course when John does begin he won't stick at such a compromise as the volunteer pepper and salt tailor. Why the very children are in arms. At to-day's review in St. James's Park, which Bright couldn't avoid seeing if he tried, there was Queen Elizabeth's School, a couple of hundred little fellows, the tallest not four feet, the oldest not fifteen years, marching and counter marching, and going through evolutions like Peninsular veterans, and beating drums and blowing their own trumpets as loud as ministerial members of the House of Commons after one of Gladstone's fantasia. on the budget. The bills of mortality are bristling all over with municipal warriors of all ages and all professions, from aldermen to apothecaries' apprentices and if the Chancellor of the Exchequer will only bring in another scheme equal to the last for ensuring eternal friendship with the French, the British females of this metropolis will feel bound to rush into inexpressibles and bloomer ism in readiness to repel the invader, of whose coming there will then be no doubt. Indeed, there doesn't seem to be much doubt of it now for what with the talk in both Houses all the week, Lyndhurst on the navy, and Cambridge on the army, in the Peers, and a score of alarmist speakers on the united services, in the Commons, it might be thought that the conscript fathers of Westminster were waiting for Mr Reuter to telegraph the departure of a fleet from Cherbourg with legions of Tear'ems fire eating colonels. Happily our cockney community, though not very philosophical, take things , cool for the present ; yet the general commotion of the kind alluded to would imply a presenti- ment that there is looming in the future something warm, that may turn up towards the dog days. Meanwhile we put our trust in Provi- dence, and are getting our powder so particularly dry that there may be spontaneous combustion if we don't have something or other to blaze away at shortly. Paramount in interest to the proceedings in Parliament are still the doings of Pullinger, who has done the Union Bank out of upwards of a quarter of a million. It was thought he would get off scot-free, though Scotchmen, the most double-sighted of all Highlanders, were his overlookers and overlook him they certainly did. The chairman and one of the founders of the Bank, and who and whose family and friends, not forgetting " the devoted Scrimgeour," have found many a golden egg in that comfortable consanguineous nest, and in other collateral ones too, is Sir Peter Laurie, the sage who boasted he would put down suicide, and vowed he would walk any day twenty miles to see a reformed criminal. Very fortunately he won't have to take so long a journey to behold such a phoenix in the person of his pet the aforesaid Pullinger, who, it was expected, would call upon the city Solon at his west end residence, one of these days, and consult with him as to the desirability of amending the law which permits knaves to rob an establishment wherein they can prove a presumptive co-partnery. It was very doubtful if Pullinger could be laid hold of under any clause of the Fraudulent Trustees' Act and if not, the chances were numerous in favour of escape. Formerly he could have been secured under the Joint-stock Act ; but that is repealed and many wise men of the east held that he was consequently intact. It is with an eye to like contingency that the Bank of England will not permit their employees to hold Bank Stock ; because, being shareholders, they would be partners, and might do what they liked with their own, even when occasionally mistaking them for meum. Hence the anticipation of Pullinger's acquittal, at least on the more serious charges. The words of the Fraudulent Trustees' Act, 20 and 21 Vict, c. 54, are these men If any person, being a director, member, public officer of any body corporate or public company, fraudulently taken apply for his own use, any of the money or other property of such body corporate or public company, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor." The words of the Joint-stock Act, 7 and 6 Vic, c. 113, are these :-"No action or suit by or against a public company shall be in anywise affected by reason of the plaintiff or defendant therein being a shareholder; but the same remedy may be had in respect of any cause of action or suit whatever which each shareholder or company might have had if such cause of action or such suit had arisen with a stranger. ., days actors now repealed; and it was assumed that, if he had not confessed, the meshes of no other statute would be strong enough to capture the leviathan swindler, whose exposure has prompted a glorification of the management on itself and a touching appeal to the diddled shareholders on behalf of the devoted Scrimgeour, whose romantic credence in the probity of the Robert Macaireof Princess-street had been so rudely overthrown. How truly romantic that credence was appears from this, that when, in the casual absence of Pullinger,' who had, for get fully locked up both the real and the fraudulent Bank of England pass-books, instead of leaving the latter accessible as usual, Scrimgeour sent over to Lothbury, for mere form's sake, to know what was the balance to the Union's credit and when he saw a discrepancy of a quarter of a million as compared with Pullingcr's figures, he put it down to a mere clerical error, and treated it as a good joke against the lax book-keeping of the elderly female of Threadneedle-street. Nay, on sending for Pullinger he thought it a capital piece of pleasantry ; but Pullinger soon showed him how blank was the fun, and made a clean breast of his empty chest. The horror of Scrimgeour is described as tragic, with a good deal of the comic the latter element being appreciable exclusively by disinterested spectators for it was only a short time previously he was swaggering about the impossibility of fraud in the Union, the model bank, the bank of the model Sir Peter Laurie and the model Laurie family, directors of North British and no end of assurance and other companies. The great difficulty now will be to prevent actions for recovery of the money lost through notorious and undeniable neglect of directors duty by but by no other means can the bottom be got at of the ramified rogueries and draperies forming the Pullinger frauds, especially the alleged Stock Exchange com- plicities. Respecting the latter, the less said now the better, considering how much and much worse there may have to be said shortly. The frankness of the fellow's admission of guilt at the Mansion House yesterday en- courages the belief that he will afford every facility for pointing the moral of the old tale, namely, how one man may steal a horse when another must not look over a hedge; how little knaves are laid by the heels, and clapped on the treadmill, while large ones go on their way rejoicing to May meetings, and subscribe to societies for taking the Emperor of Ashanttee's hair out of curl and the cultiva- tion of crinoline among the ninety-five un draped wives of that polygamous potentate. Pullinger has hitherto passed for a somewhat exemplary character in private life, being free from mere sensual vice. Therein he differs from others of the late gigantic rascals, but not from Sadlier, of whom it could not be seen said what is known of Pullinger, that he was fond of his stomach, a gourmand in food, a gourmet in wine. It was expected that, at yesterday's examination, even this negative praise would be shown to be fallacious, and that his expenditure partook of the complexion of that of many of his prototypes. Nothing of the sort has thus far transpired in an accredited form. At the same time there are manifestly absurd tales about his expenditure in the Redpath line of luxury, articles of taste, verse, and so forth. It was said he had given large commission for pictures at Brunel's sale, described here this day fortnight, the proceeds of which, it may be as well to state, now exceed £12,000. Other sales of a like kind have been going on at the same place, Christie's, all this and last week, the prices not being less probably than £30,000 in the aggregate. This day week, for instance, there was a sale of Mr. Heugh's pictures, from Manchester, some of the prices being given apparently in very wantonness. For example, a little thing of Turner's, some two feet square, Bamborough Castle, was put up at 200 guineas, the limit of the commission the auctioneer had whereupon a Mr. Pennell, said to be a Cottonopolis Croesus, bid 500, ( and it was forthwith knocked down, there being no other offer. If this sort of tariff is kept up with the pictures at the Royal Academy, which opens on Monday, and of the private view of which the papers to-day are full, our artists will soon each be sketching a millenium a piece of their own, with his portrait in the foreground, large as life, and not much less unnatural. Before speaking of the exhibition it may not be amiss to say that Holman Hunt's " Finding of Christ in the Temple was taken some days ago to Miss Nightingale, at her present town residence, the Burlington Hotel, York-street, where many a thousand cork has been drawn at the expense of Mersey a ratepayers by Liverpool Town Hall witnesses ; many a shoal of turtle made love to and, in the shape of venison haunches, more stags dispatched by veneatbrial Dicky Sams than ever Jaques ruminated upon in the forest of Ardennes. As the public are aware, Miss Nightingale has been an invalid ever since her return from the Crimea, whence she has carried hither the virus of insidious disease, so typical of the mala fides in which the whole credulity and connivance, sham war, and aggressive peace were conceived by an un-English British Cabinet, and carried to a close by that Greek of the Lower Empire who enacts the role of a Muscovite satrap at the Tuileries as the never-to-be-crowned Napoleon III. But though confined to her room, the indefatigable Florence, with a self-devotion that would have ensured her canonization in the days of St. Ursula, has been incessantly 'toiling for the amelioration of the corporeal ill s that flesh is heir to and actively enforc- ing, in a thousand ways, those most practical of all precepts whereof her Notes on Nursing are made up. Being unable to go out of doors, and expressing a desire to see the artist's rendering of his pathetic and sublime subject, the picture was conveyed to the bedside of the exemplary woman so much of whose own life has been guided by the text symbolised on the canvas-" What ye not that I must be about my Father's business' Something more than a singular coincidence, therefore, was in her longing to contemplate the pictorial representa- tion of the divine worker and instructor placed amidst the realities of the ever-changing East and as nothing could be more flattering to the prestige of the painter than this anticipative eagerness to see his handiwork, so could nothing be more confirmatory of the deserved ness of his repute than the judgment of such a critic that this performance is worthy of him. Conspicuous from their absence, or by most inadequate evidence of their presence, are several of the illuminative lights of other days in this year's gathering. Maclise is too intent on his heroic frescoes, "Waterloo and Trafalgar, in the Royal Gallery of the Lords, to meet his pictorial peers on the ordinary level of the "line" and his countryman, Mulready, is away So are Ward and Eastlake; while in miniature, Sir W. Ross, whose works form a large exhibition of themselves just now, at the Society of Arts, in the Adelphi, is dead and Carrick is reduced to colouring photographs, Thorburn having forsaken his first love, and be taken himself to oil. The general public will find that miniatures, beautiful miniatures, are almost turned out of doors ; architecture having shared much the like fate and nearly the same thing may be said of sculpture, so far as the quality of the stone ideal" is concerned an aggregate of results truly translating to the amour propre of a nation, that will persuade itself it must be going ahead of anything aesthetical because its newspapers tell it so. But then, can there be a doubt that in the homely, the matter of fact, and the common-sense able we are advancing? When Sidney Herbert, the other day, told the engineers that it would be as well not to expend a thousand pounds on works that could be constructed for as many shillings, he was regarded as though an oracle had spoken. This year the hanging committee are applauded as if they had discovered a new that in the rainbow, and the art of reproducing it, because they have found out that it is not beneficial to the effect of paintings to hang them out of sight. Accordingly, this suspensatory junto are bedaubed with panegyric for having done away, for the first time, with the sky line, that is, with the practice of sticking pictures close to a ceiling some thirty feet high, merely because their frames would fit there and nowhere else. So wonderful a reformation in this age of improvement seems to have predisposed all visitors who have yet got their noses within the privileged precincts to open wide the eye of unqualified admiration of all things within scope of vision, and to unloose the tongue of laudation on all hands. Everybody has sur- passed himself, which was the only thing left for him to do, as he had surpassed everybody else before. This is particularly applicable to Landseer's " Highland Flood," wherein, on an area twelve feet by eight-the largest he has yet occupied-he enacts all sorts of marvels in the animal magnetism line, translating semi submerged sheep, cows, donkeys, pigs, and other wild fowl, into surprising natural curiosities, or curiosities of nature, over which the pseudo- enthusiasts rhapsodie without end ; or without middle or beginning either, for the matter of that. Liverpool Ansdell is likewise in great force with a grand gallery picture, most conspicuously placed the "Lost Shepherd ; " and in reference to your local timbers, it may be said that Westcott has three portraits, one a noble full-length, in his best manner, and no better manner is there extent; while Dawson's St. Paul seen from the River " might pass for a Turner, and a good one too, equalling the same artist's Westminster Palace now hung in the Speaker's house ; while Marshall and Oakes likewise have charming subjects congenially treated. But of these and other Lancashire with series more will have to be told another time. Somewhat of a local as well as universal interest may be said to attach to O'Neil's picture, because of the occurrence-the wreck of the Royal Charter. The crowded deck of the doomed ship, the wild elements, the rock-bound coast, and the conveyance of the rope ashore by the Volunteer (hence the name are delineated with a vividness that will secure a constant group round the picture. Perhaps the most generally attractive on the merits, as the lawyers say, will be the Incident from the Life of Marie Antoinette, by Elmore, who has a genius for the sanguinary dramatic. Next will perhaps be Millais' tale of love and war, the " Black Brunswicker," (said to be already bought for £1000 by Gambard,) a superb piece of phosphorescence for the large number who are enamoured of the phantasmagoria excitations of the Pre-Raphaelite, though sober tastes shrink from the papier mache glitter and glare of the colours and contrasts. A very effective affair, only less so than his Derby Day of last year, is Frith's Claude Duval -a whole chapter from Harrison Ainsworth, but told in a dozen lines by Macauley, from whose pen Frith's pencil has transferred it. Egg " James the Shrew " in a companion to his Brunel Shakspearean production lately noticed here, Katherine being seated, the make believe violent husband having just removed the meat from before her. Among Grant's portraits are Sir W. W. Wynne and Lady, subscribed for at one shilling each by 12,000 admirers, as many as Fluellen or Owen Glendower could probably boast of at a time Solomon's new version of the Bridge of Sighs-the suicide of an unfortunate frailty from off Vaux- hall instead of Waterloo, with the drowned and ghastly corpse exposed under the light of a policeman's bull's eye " before a party of masqueraders returning from the Gardens, will prove a magnet with the million admirers of the horrible, being moreover very natural though very French, but on that account all the more fashionable perhaps. The Misses Moutries manifest their usual excellence in flower pieces that should carry away prizes at a Cheswick floral fete, if there is ever to be an exhibition of the sort again, which the metropolitan gardeners seemed to despair of till this week when their drooping spirits have revived at the report of rain in the country, there being none here yet however. Not to extend these remarks into a regular notice, which would be very irregular in such a place, it will suffice to say that anybody going to the Academy this year with moderate expectations, and disposed to be pleased with mediocrity, leaving out the sublime of it, will not be disappointed. Country cousins should bear in mind that the best time to go if they really want to see the pictures, and not the dresses of the ladies looking at them, is the morning, meaning thereby not three o'clock p.m., but eight o'clock am". The Academy is the only exhibition open thus early, the directors being intent on the capture of that mythical golden worm which rewards birds that are be- times upon the wing in picking up vernacular crumbs of comfort. The real roadster of the collection, in the eyes of the multitude, because of the alluring theme, if not" of the treatment, though the latter is admirable, is the Marriage of the Princess Royal, by Philip, and which met with great praise at the royal visit on Thursday, several of the originals being in the picture, and therein contemplating their counterfeit pre- sentiments" with not unjustifiable complacency for the painter has not been too much of" a parasite. While toning down the Consort's liquidity, he has retained a portliness not altogether inconsistent with grandfather gravity, and has given him an expression of open countenance that goes far, or at least should go far to counteract the cutting things Humboldt has lately said of H.R.H narrow- mindedness, and which so many other people say, of course in a whisper, of his narrowness in another sense, meaning a sordid one. Growing years are reputed to be accompanied with increasing partiality for pursuits which first led to Brougham christening him Archimedes, when the Lord Harry was asked if the scientific Albert wasn't an adept at the screw ? In matters of art these penurious proclivities are developed in a style unpleasingly inconsistent with the Medical like credit he is so anxious to keep up, of idea? keeP UP with the panic though the profession know differently, to their cost; for a commission is a subject not of rejoicing and gratulation, but of condolence and commiseration with all brethren of the brush, so far as the direct sterling results of the patronage is concerned to the artist so honoured. The shrewdest and most close fisted dealer that ever drove bargain in these things might take a lesson from the accomplished F.M. Our Teutonic Maccenaa appraises the market value of every element in his picto 1\. al orders just as certain dandies about town used to do in the last generation when they got clothes for next to nothing, because their wear- ing of them advertised the tailors Ary Scheffer got twentyfold more from buttering old Louis Philippe, who well knew the value of a penny for he had often to earn one before he could buy a roll to break his fast, than any twenty of our artists, Landseer and all his Noah's ark included, have derived from our court, which certainly does not hate " poetry and painting," as certain of our German regalities boasted of doing, but indulges the love thereof by the most adroitly close shaving contrivances. Albert would have been our man for the French Treaty, and it is surprising that Gladstone, who is constitutionally thrifty himself, and knows how " thrift doth follow fawning," did not propose him. Assuredly the cunning and greed Gauls would not have overreached him in the way they have done the Unadorned One, who has so muddled matters- that whereas Bull could formerly get three francs in exchange for half-a- crown, he has now to pay half-a crown for two francs, and another half-crown's worth of puffery of that imperial magnanimity, which permits this self-picking of our own pockets for the enrichment ofantl-reciproca'ing neighbours. But what could the Prince know of things mercantile ? There is nothing he doesn't know that money is to be made out of. To that sort of learning there is indeed a royal road, and he has found it out, and perambulates it with an eager continuity that should constitute him president of the Peripatetic Club, if there be such an association. No danger of his being open to the reproach against Meehl of not being able to tell to a farthing the profits of farming because of imperfect book-keeping. But that is all well enough and so too may the civil list curtailment, though an ex-keeper of the Sovereign's conscience has said it is illegal to put in the privy purse what Parliament has specified shall be otherwise disbursed. What is not so well, however, is the revival of all sorts of feudalsque seigneurial pretensions, dead and buried since curfew- time - enforcing obsolete rights of royalty, and forestries, and foreshores, and a crown claims without end, in mines, water-ways, and the Siamese Twin ghosts of Coke upon Lyttleton only know what besides. It was some few, but only a few of these circumstances that were vaguely hinted at here the other day, when speaking of the Duchy of Cornwall Bill being hurried through the Commons, in an empty house, towards midnight, Mr. Disraeli " happening " to be so mysteriously present, and taking so lively an interest in the promotion of an obscure Government measure, the real drift of which only some half-dozen " independent " members had the least idea of. They dare not call their souls their own, much less cry out about their properties being affected; in such fashion, for instance, as that at Falmouth, where, to the chagrin of the Cornish men, accustomed though they are to sharp practice on the part of the crown attorneys, the pressure has been just put on to the tune of some £1800 for the " privilege " of using the bed of the sea for a purpose of great public utility. But why doesn't some- body protest ? Fine talk. Where is the rat will bell the cat ? A tale is unfolded to-day by Mr. Morris Moore, writing from Milan, as to the consequences that await any one who shall dissent from anything suggested by anybody connected with that exalted quarter, indicated however distantly, or in however humble a capacity. Witness the wrath, quoth the experienced Morris, that, combining " the ferocity of the middle age with the malignant meanness of this," has fallen on all who spoiled the job about Otto Mueller the "expert" who was paid for scouring the continent in search of the findings of galleries, to be bought by the British public at prices that would be extravagant for first-class works said extravagance contrasting strangely with the excessive frugality already adverted to touching all things pertaining to that cardinal point in personal arithmetic, Number One. These traits are to be regretted for divers reasons. They give rise to talk that isn't agreeable ; talk that isn't restricted to small scandalmonger ing Boswells of the school of Mr. Judge, the Windsor eavesdropper, who inventoried, or perhaps invented, the alleged cheese parings and candle end savings at the Castle a rope ? tition of the ignoble niggardliness which Gillvay and Peter Pindar have exercised in connexion with Queen Charlotte and her skinflint spouse. But the sting of all that satire, however, was blunted at the death of that careful couple, when it was discovered that their reputed stinginess had resulted in no accumulations, and left no effects;" nor had there been any appropriations worth talking of during life. Still the stories, and the use made of them, did much to profane the divinity that should hedge a king. Prodigality is one thing, but the opposite extreme is another. It is perhaps even less easily excused in " a true prince," with whose very being one instinctively associates liberality, and has no desire to see him in youth " take up with the good old gentlemanly vice of avarice," all-wise housewife saws to the contrary notwithstanding. Meanwhile the community at large have reason to rejoice that, signed by the considerate countenance of royalty, merit, in a thousand shapes, comes to light, and is nurtured afterwards into health and vigour by the public, let grumblers grumble as they will, and as they do, about stinted pecuniary encouragement from the supreme found. a 