HEALTH OF PARIS. The Revue Municipals recentlj devoted a large proportion of its space to the quegtio* ' Whether the Paris of 1780 was more or let* salubrious than, the Paris of 1860 1' and comeg to the conclusion that in a sanitary point of view the former was greatly superior to the latter. Many of «ur leaders will, no doubt, be startled at such an opinion deliberately expressed after a thorough examination of the subject ; but a perusal of the chief arguments adduced will lead to a conviction that the Revwt Municipale is not far from the truth. No doubt, large thorough fares have been cut through Paris ; its police regulations are infinitely superior to those of th» capital of 1700, and much better executed ; th» sewerage hss been immensely improved ; tha houses which were built on the bridges in 1760, obstructing the passage of air and lignt, ai e now gone, and the crowded churchyards close to every church in the heart of the - metropolis no longer exist ; there are no more , private slaughterhouses, the streets are swept much better, the mud and filth remov ed both speedily and regularly, the supply of water is infinitely superior ; and within the last few years 193 narrow and dirty strteU and lanes have been erased from the map of Paris. These are ccrtainly most valuable im provements ; but let us sxamine the other side of the picture. The present surface of the capital comprises 78,020,000 metres, which in 1760 did not contain more than 600,000 souls ; while in 1860 its population is nearly 1,800,000, that is three times as many. Iu 1760 Paris had outgrown the space enclosed by the Boulevards, and the last straggling houses touched the line of the octroi- wall, now pulled down. Beyond these were nothing but -villas, gardens, and or chards, witk here and there princely mansions surrounded with vast parks, 78 in number, with in the present fortification*. Thus, ia 1760, Bercy onlv consisted of 17 houses; St. Mande had 22 ; Charonne, 19 ; Meniluiontant, 17 ; Bel leville, 24 ; La Villette, Io ; La Chapalle, 11. Montmartre was scarcely worth mentioning, aud Batignolles did not exist at all. Hence in 176U Paris was constantly swept by a pure country breeze. Again, of the 33,703,307 square metres which Paris contained at that time, upwards of seven millions were occupied by gardens belonging either to eonvents or princely palaces, and forming so many lungs of the metropolis. At that lime there was no gas ; now, every time a gas-pipe has to be mended a quantity of black earth has to be thrown up, exhaling a suffocating stench which generally makes you cough in passing. The water which 'n contained in the wells of Pari* is not fit to drink, both on account of the geo logical condition of the soil, and because, pro ceeding from subterranean lakes, it has filtered through the cemeteries and sewers of the city. Aa«d yet it is with such deleterious waters tliat bread is made in Paris, and rich wines are weakened for the market. In 1760 there was not a single manufactory iu Paris ; now there is iuothing to be seen from the heights that over look tho city but a forest of high chimneys, all emitting volumes of a thick pungent smoke, which ultimately descenda under the form of an impalpable soot, and is inhaled by the inhabi ! tants within a considerable radius from ihe spot, causing, when the wind blows in their direction, a short cough, which is certainly noi conducive to longevity. The conclusion in favor of the salubrity of Paris in 1760, compared with tliat of the present day, need therefore excite no surprise. Rations or Miat in ths Eirophan Armibi. — M. Lunda, a Spanish journalist, states that the daily distribution of meat amounts to 37« grammes in the English army ; 250 in the French and Belgian ; 250 in the Russian (sivem only four times a week) ; 192 in the Nea j politan (twice a week) ; 170 in the Prussian ; , 156 in the Piedmontese ; and 135 in the Aui ? trian. In Spain, with the exception of a few regiments, no butchers's meat is furnished, the soldiers receiving only from 33 to 38 grammes of bacon. — Medical Turns. A Veritable Ghost. — A 'ghost'' kas been ia the habit of haunting the neighborhood of Pan mure, near Dundee, in various disguises. He carries firearms, aud on being accosted present* a pistol to the person addressing him. One morning, at dawn, he was perambulating about in white, and on one eccasion he was pursued by two men, but vanished out of their sight. The Dundee Csurier says he walks on springs, which enable him to bound like one of the feline species. He is a tall, strong man, tible to stand all weathers, and to defend himself. It is said that on one occasion he was seized by five men, who surrounded him and succeeded in holding him fast. Under his white overall they fcund a breastplate, pistol, and dagger. I He promised, if let go, not to aunoy the neigh borhood again, and tbey allowed liim to escape. Many are so much afraid of meeting him that they will not venture o*t at dark, and the fac tory hands go to work in the morning trembling like timid hares pursued by hounds. The ghost, I in consequenee, has become an intolerable nui I sance in the village. I.n'alisnablh Rights of Ambrioanv— A wag has made up a summary of wbat be calbs the ' In alienable Rights of Asaericans,' and which are not enumerated iu tbe DeolataUon of Indian denes. There ia a vein of pungent sarcasm run- ning through it. 1, To know any trade or busi ness without apprenticeship or experleuce. 2. T» »*rry without regard to fortune, state of he-tltb, positiiii. or opinion of parents or friends. 3. To have wife and children dependent upon the contin gencies of buofneM ; and. iu case of sndden death, leave them wholly unprovided for. 4. To put off npoa hireling strangers the literary, moral, and religious education of children. 5. To teach chil dren no good trade, hoping tbey will hare, when grown up, wit enough to live on the industry of other people. 6. To enjoy the gentru! sympathy, when made bankrupt by reekin's sp&oulations.; T. To cheat the Government if possible. 3. To bold ?ffice without feeing competent to discharge its duties. 9. To build houses with five or six inch w ills, and to go to the funerals of tenants, firemen, and others, kil'ed by their fall, weepfug ovor the mysterious dispensation of Providence. 10. To build up cities and towns, without parks, publio e-l-iares, broad streets, or ventilated Mojk?, and c*ll pe5illesce a visitation of God. — Jtosto: i Trui Flag. Dress Accohmxg to tour Station in Lira. — A woman should always remember tbat her clothes Bhould bs In expense and quality propw. tioueil to her own circumstances, and not thjue of her neigh bor. Th-) mingling of olasses is good — 'hat id. the frequent association of those persons who ia c-fTeot form one and tbo earns class, being allte in tastes, sympathies, moral purpose, end mental calibre, — however varioue be their degraes of annual in 0'-rn», worldly station, profession, tr*ae, or unem ployed leisure. Provided always that tbe one meeting point, which l.kewipe can alono be the fair point of rivalry lies In themselves, and not their externals. How can I, who have bat L200 a year, dress like my friend, Mrs Jones, who bus L,200l)r —but i« that any reasou why I, who am, I hope, as true a, gsn'.lowomaa as she is, eiiohew her Vory pleasant sooiety, oi, out of msra cowardice. ra:n myself by minicking her In the mttter of clothes? My dear ladies, will you not see tbat a good daily joint of meat on your table Is fir more conducive to the health and happiness cf those silting round it, than the h-iudsouiefct silk gown pliccd tvt the head of it? that a good, well piid domestic fif.rvant (und yen oi:inoc expfct a goed o.'io inlosi well paid; is of moie worth to you and yours, ia abso lute comfort, than the very grandest oftci'Ji'jsrJ or dre.ism slurs. {For uihtr News See Third Page)* 