Oe êmpxt. SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY, JAN. 25, 1800. Tx the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at half- past three. After several ¿notices of motion had been given, and petitions presented and received, Mr. FAUCETT was then sworn, signed the roll, and took his seat as a member for East Sydney. The SPEAKER rose and stated, that a clerk of this House had been removed by the Govern- ment to the Council, and that there had been a correspondence on the subject, between him- self arid the Colonial Secretary, which so much affecten1 the dignity of his office, and the privileges of the House, that he was under tho .necessity of asking the House to consider 'the correspondence, and' protect him in the main- tenance of the rights of his office. Mr. DAB VALÍ, moved -that the letters be printed, and' debate adjourned till Tuesday .next. . Mr. MARTIN moved an amendment censur- ing the Government ; he thought the subject .oa^ht to be dealt with at ance. . j The COÄOXIAI. SECRETARY agreed with the ?previous speaker that it was better to decide £ho matter at once. If the House censured tho j »Government let themexpresslyshew the ground I -of that censure. Mr. HOBERTSOU complained of the conduct of the Government for rendering it necessary for the time of the House to be expended on I HnViipf.tn nf this lfinrl. The COLONIAL- TREASURER said the Govern- ment were determined to vote against the motion of Mr. Darvall. Mr.-PLUNKETT expressed his regret at the discussion which had taken place. Mr. DARVALL asked leave to withdraw his motion. The SPEAKER observed that the withdrawal of the original motion would put an end to the question. The SPEARER was pu tting the question, when Mr. DALLEY roae and addressed the House at considerable length. Mr. HAY did not agree with the motion of j the honorable member for East Sydney. Mr. PIDDINGTON thought it desirable to pro- pose some other amendment than that of Mr. Dr. LANG regretted the collision of au- thorities; it would not lessen the indignation j felt throughout the country at the waste of time. ¡ Mr- JONES thought the Government . had , acted under an erroneous view bf their duties ; (but they were not deserving of censure. ' Mr. PARKES called attention to a passage of the proceedings of the late Assembly in a Select Committee on ?retrenchment, 10th May, 18S8. Mr. Forster was member of Committee ; the Speaker was .examined, and stated that he held the officers of the 'Assembly as responsible to him, not ^inuviCb-Vt Aa luctr)-.u¿', ^vnrt¡xaéi\<."iTlA itíxit tty* pointménts to offices in the House acted oñ.tbe 'recommendation of the Speaker. Parliament was of no use, except aa. a check on the Execu- tive of the day. . If we could be sure of good ,and wise men, a despotism would be the best of all Governments. . . V-. Mr. BLACK replied to the arguments of Mr. (Parkes. ' ,. ' Mr. DARVALL replied, and the House 'divided on the original question, which was Jost. ° . . .._ Mr. Martin's amendment was then put and I lost.' ' Jtfr. PARKES moved an amendment, which was also lost. Mr. PIDDINGTON then moved a further amendment, approving the conduot of the Speaker, which was carried. The íSPEAKKn intimated that, acting on the ( opinion of Iiis medical adviser, be should, in a j few days, resign the office of Speaker. , Dr. LANG inquired of the Colonial Secro- \ tary if the Government had had their attention i directed to the case of the death of Mrs. , Walker. j The -PREMIER said the matter had come i under the notice of the -Government, and j further investigation would bo .made. ' ( The House adjourned at half-past twelve till j three o'clock this day. £ '... i t Normst» could more dearly demonstrate the J want of good taste oi well as of tact in Mr. * FORSTER'S character, than the fact of his rush- £ ing into direct collision , with the Speaker of j. the Assembly. Assuming that high officer to 0 be ono who, in a pre-eminent degree, possesses ii the confidence of Parliament, the member who aspires to the delicate task of leading that Par I liament should .certainly not seek a quarrel with him upon «light grounds. Yet this is exactly what Mr. FORSTER did. There was no constitutional principle on his side. The usage was that the Speaker should virtually have the nomination of his own officers, and this usage is in accordance with common sense. But Mr. FORSTER possesses the fabled ut I tributes of the porcupine. Nobody . can come into contact with him without provoking a desire on hie part to try conclusions with .them, after his own peculiar fashion. The facts of the case may be coon told. Owing to the retirement of -Mr. MACPHERSON, sorno vacancies occurred i which caused an opening for several] promotions in the department of the Legisla* j tive Assembly. By an arrangement made botwoon the Spenkor and the late Government, and which was' strictly in accordance with Par- liamentary usage elsewhere, the right of tho Grown to tho patronage thus left open was yielded to tho Speaker ; but Mr. FOBSTBB and his colleagues thought proper to ignore this arrangement altogether. The excuse is that they had the law on thoir side. They were not committing any indlotablo offence. That is all they have to say for themselves. But the com- monest experience aan multiply instances where oonduot Btriotly in accordance with statute law may yat bo at utter variance with the rules of good breeding and tho customs that bind sooiety. " Although the Exeoutive has the right to make those appointments, nobody can doubt that tho póSrer would be best exorcised by the eleoted head ' of the Assembly-the organ and mouthpiece of th» " pod/ whoa« officers, aro " toJ '' bo' ' appointed. ' An ingenious suggestion. 'was offered by .Mr. HAY, that tho Speaker was . but;the head of a depart- ment, like -the Presidents of-the Legislative Council. -It ,is to be .regretted that Mr. HAY ! has not* a clearer perception of the distinction I1 between the .elected ohairmnn of a popularly elected body, and the.nominated chairman of a body nominated by the Crown,. Having-all the rights of the. head of a department, higher privileges appertaining to the Assembly itself, whose Minister, he was. If me Assembly should have a voice in the ap- pointment of its own officers,'surely the Speaker whom it presents to the Grown at the opening of every new Parliament, in vindication of this right, ought not to be set aside insultingly by the Crown, when his subordinates are to be appointed. Mr. FORSTER, however, did this, and took his stand upon the letter of the law. The question for the Assembly to decide last j night was whether he had acted rightly or wrongly in this-not whether he could shelter himself under ' the' law ' or not. The conclusion arrived at was that the Speaker was right. The proposed censuré , may have been seemingly evaded; but it is difficult to see how the Speaker could be right unless the Ministry were radically wrong., It is equally difficult to say whether Mr, FORSTER'S Government are more worthy of condemnation for assailing tbe conventional privileges of the Speaker, than are the members of the Assembly for refusing to vindicate those privileges in a striking and. significant manner. : "... A little light was thrown upon the motives of Mr. FoitBTEJt and his colleagues. It seems that they were desirous of giving some hints to the Speaker as to the ordering of the elec- tions occasioned by recent vacancies, and that the Speaker was somewhat "contumacious at this'interference. Mr. FORSTER is exhibiting by degrees all the strong qualities of essential despotism. We will charitably nope mat ms interference with the clerkships was more attributable to this inherent feeling than to any wound that it had received from the Speaker's previous lack'of obedience. The result, however, is, that Sir DANIET. COOPER is about to resign his office. This resolution may not have been originated by the autocratic interference of the Government, but has no doubt been hastened by it. The Assembly, although it has treated its Speaker; somewhat scurvily, has cause to feel proud that he, at least, has a proper sense of the dignity of his position, whatever views the Ministry and certain members of the Assembly may have of theirs. TUE letters and articles which have lately ap- peared in the Empire on the disgraceful deniat of justice in the Supreme Court-mainly con- sequent on the present accumulation of New Trial Motions-have met with a response from one end pf tho tiolony to the other. Np public department has ever experienced amore severe or a more just condemnation than has the highest legal tribunal of the country. No attempt at,denial of the charges has been made, and the only excuse ventured on is, that the department in question is not worse than others of the same kind at home. ;This asser Ü_°£j!-attemj^ .ported by a mere quibble, backed' by a few'..''.'figures which-, prove nothing to the purpose. The disingenuousness and special-pleading of the'letter referred to suffi- ciently indicate the quarter in v'which ; it originated. That the allegcd denial of justice exists, no one attempts to deny ;--that it arises from an undue and unconstitutional encroach- ment on the- part of the Court on the legitimate province of tho juryman, is, we imagine, beyond dispute. The power granted to the judges to make rules of Court, having the author i ty of Acta of the Legislature, has been shamefully abused.. Every barrister hos the power of delaying for an indefinite period, If not of altogether defeating, the verdict of a jury. ' The mere certificate of counsel prevents a successful (?) suitor obtaining the fruits of his verdict ; and enables a dishonest debtor ti apply for a new trial with the positive cer- tainty that, owing to the enormous accumulation of new trial notices, his own case cannot be heard for two or three years at least. In the mean- time the debtor makes his arrangements accord- ingly-goes into the Insolvent Court, leaves the colony, or makes away with or encumbers his property in such a manner as to set his creditor at defiance. If this is not doing away with trial by jury in all but mere name, we are at a loss to understand the meaning of words. It is even much worse than this. Tho cumbrous and expensive nature of the legal machine is retained without the least benefit to the public for the enormous expense and troable incurred. Every person who is in the slightest degree acquainted with the atete of business in the Supreme Court, since the establishment of Distriot Courts, knows that but for new trial motions there would be almost next to nothing for barristers or judges to do. It cannot be too strongly impressed on the public mind that at the commencement of last term the number of new trial motions set down for heir- ing was ten times, that of all the 1 other caaes put together ! Whether the number of new trills granted is greater or less in proportion than in England or elsewhere is very little to the purpose. The «nd for which the new trial was asked for has been gained by the consequent delay, whether the now trial is granted or not. Probably in a largo majority of cases the party applying for it had not the most remote idea or even wish' of obtaining it. Tho whole evil, in our opinion, has its origin in the contemptuous opinion entertained by the judges for .the intelligenoo and honesty of jurors. On no other ground can we account for the conduct of the judges in granting now trials; or, what is almost worse still, allowing the verdicts of juries to be prac- tically set a&'ide, by months and even years of delay, at tho .vnore will of an interested party. However respootablo barristers may bo as a body, it cannot bo denied that there aro amongst them, ns CQ *H other professions, needy and unprincipled moo whose interest it is to promote litigation, however ruinous to the olient. Oo no othor principle 1B it easy to account for the large nurobor of new trial mo- tions, in canes where the m'turo of the evidence and the unanimous vordiot of the jury plainly show that any othor verdie,1! was out of tho question-where the'defeatsd party had not the ghost of a,chance, and oould ha>;o no object in view but that of tiring out and! ruining his creditor by delay and expense, ' How differently' &e.;~ impartant!and/sôlèmn; duties: oF: jurors are estimated by an eminent English judge,' Mr.'Justice COLERIDGE, will be Reen from the" following extract from a speech recently delivered by that gentleman ." From long experience, and after much consid- eration, there is nothing as to which. I have 'a more confident opinion than I have ? in think- ing that to the trial by jury we ore indebted in- dividually and collectively, as members of so- ciety, as citizens of the State, in respect of our pro- perty, our characters, our safety, our liberties, more than to any other single institution whieh we possess. . . Do you sup- pose that if judges alone- decided questions of fact you would'never have a mistake ?-An un- reasonable- an absurd-or even an unrighteous decision?T have been a judge for an unusu- ally long period-and I desire freely to record, my admiration of the manner in which juries commonly discharge their solemn duties. Again and again have I reason to marvel at their patience and industry and attention. Again and again have I heard from a juryman some question suggested which judge and'counsel had both omitted, and the answer UJ wuiuu ^.^," " 0-0._."_ whole controversy. Not seldom, when I have a first differed from the verdict, have I found reason on after reflection, to think that I had been wrong mid the judgment of the jury right. But this is nol all; We must not lose sight of the indireci advantages of the institution. . . . Let there be no juries ; take away those fane tions from our gentry, our merchants, oui farmers, and our tradesmen, and I venture tc say you would take away ono of the most im portant of those things which distinguish UG from every other nation in Europe. This it one and not the least important part of our self-government-it is also a material part of a citizen's education. Any judge will tell you how different a machine the jury becomes after the lessoning which a day's trial will have given them ; how slowly he must pro- ceed at first, how fully he finds it necessary to sum up the plainest case when he begins the assize, and how rapidly they learn to appreciate facts and to apply them to legal definitions after a little while. I have often thought that had I , to appoint the magistracy of a county I would make it a precondition to appointment that the gentleman should serve as a petty juryman for two assizes at least. l am sure that a more , practical knowledge ef the law might so be learned than could be acquired by months of careful reading. Earnestly I hope that in our . laudable and natural dosire to improve, we , may never funcy ourselves so much more wise., than our ancestors, that wo can dispense with the jury ; let . us try it in principle and in its details ; let us AirnminA it. fW»nîv nnri eantv.liTno'lv-.rmlv Taita. rently and modestly. Let us improve it if we can where we find it defective, onerous, redundant, let us substitute another mode of deciding the class of cases to which it may be inapplicable, but in its essence and substance let us cherish it as an inestimable.treasure ; let us guard it as we would our Habeas Corpus, our Bill of Rights, our Maena Charta. Sure I am it is I not less essential than any one of these to our liberty and well-being-social, civil, and na- tional. One thing is to be always remembered, that stupid verdicts are no arguments against the institution, if they do not arise from any «yi^^ wise in itself, can be expected to work well with inadequate instruments. Improve your Jurymen by enlarging and raising your national -education. Introduce into your panel all the classes of society by law liable to serve, and when you have done that, and not till then, if it be found to work ill, condemn the insti- tution." Are the jurors of this colony less honest, less intelligent, or less attentive/than in England? We do not believe it. Then why allow a pro- bably briefless and perhaps unprincipled. bar- rister practically to set their verdicts aside-for that and nothing less is the effect bf tho present system ;-the end to which these endless new trial motions aim by delaying and obstructing the successful party in the attainment of his rights? _i 