THE EDUCATION QUESTION. ; 'IMPOUTANT I-ETTEU PROM THE CATHOLIC AnCH msuors and nisnors. A communication has been addressed by the Catholic Archbishop and Bishops of Ireland to the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for Ireland, in reply to his letter, dated the 28th of November. last/: which, as out readers are aware, -w.as in^answef M the Pastoral and Resolutions of tho Irish Hierar chy. It is divided into sections, somoVbf the more important of which are as follows:—? . . ;- We are happy to find that you lay.down and fully admit, on tho partof Government, principles of great importance, in which we cheerfully concur. You distinctly, admit, first, the paramount importance of religious education ; secondly, the necessity of granting, in the circumstances of this country, separate religious training to the childion of each religions denomination j and, thirdly, the right of the heads of each church in regard to thejeligious education of those of their communion. The letter proceeds to point out the paramount importance of Religious Training, and gives opinions, of British statesmon on the necessity and character of Religious Training; and ; 4\. Catholic Doctrine on the importance of a Re-'; ligioHs Education, and what it implies. The 5th paragraph alludes to the paramount im-/ portance of Religious Education not being admitted., by the National Board j and , '- The 6th refers to thecontinual Religious Training necessary for the class of children attending'Na tionalSchools; and the next few paragraphs headed thus:-T- .';..;?. ; 7\. Religious Instruction rendered inefficacious in National Schools, by being made the mere task of an hour. ' ; 8\. Patrons allowed by the Board to exclude all' Religious. instruction from National Schnoln. 9\. Second Principle admitted by Government — Spparate'Religious Education. 12\. Secular Education requires to be associated with Religion. . , ', ? l\\., The principle of Separate Religious Inslruc- ; tinn not adhered to by the Board. . 12; Combined Religious Instruction attempted in the National School Books. 13\. National School Books regarding History, Morality, and Religion, compiled by Protestants for Catholic use. ?..':.. . . . 14. ? Published Analysis of National' School Booksadmit that they ..contain combined Religious . Instruction. ? ;.; , ;??..-. 15\. Extracts from Parliamentary Reports, show- : ing. the. dangers arising, from Combined Religious The'follbwing are important:— - 15\. Third Principle of Government— the Right of.the'HeBds of. each Church in regard to Religious: Instruction i — The third principle which wo accept from you ;is that in which the Government, as you linform , us, : cheerfully .recognise the right which ' belongs, and the duly which attaches, to the heads of the.rcspectivc churches in regard to religious imtruc tion. In these words you not only recognise our rights, but you Btate our duties; we have a recog nised right to givo religious instruction . to the children of our flock -wherever they may be ; we are ; bound to do so in virtue of the oflico which we hold, as bishops placed by the Holy Ghost to feed the flock committed to our care. ' .17. Explanation of Catholic Doctrine on the right ' of giving Religious Instruction :— Though our right to give religious instruction is thus fully admitted by Government, it may not be out of place or use less to explain our doctrine on this head in very few words. It is, therefore, to be observed, that the truths of the Roman Catholic Church have not been given to the world after tho manner of a philoso phical system, with leave and liberty to every one to select any opinions he-may think fit to adopt. We believe those truths to be tho unchangeable reve lations of Heaven, committed to the Roman Catholic Church as a sacred deposit — so sacred, that no truth can be wilfully impugned or rejected without incur ring the greatest guilt; The right ot teacmng, inter preting, and propagating these' doctrines, we believe, was given by our Divine Redeemer to the bishops in the persons of tho Apostles, whose successors they are, when he said : ' Go ye and teach all nations, baptizing them .... teaching them to ob soive all things whatsoever I have commanded you' (Matt, xxviii. 19, 20.) In virtue of this commission' Bishops not only teach the doctrines of the Gospel themselves, but depute other ministers to assist in teaching them ; aud to carry religious instruction into tho bosom of every family, they continually call on parents to provide from tho earliest infancy for tho religious education of their offspring. According to the doctrine of tho Catholic Church, even an or- , dained minister of religion is not allowed to teaoh or preach without authority from tho Bishop ;. and. if he do so, his teaching loses what is sacred in it, and assumes a mere worldly character. IS. Right of Catholic BishopB to exclude anti. Catholic Books and Teachers from Schools :— Now the principle being admitted that tho heads of the Roman Catholic Church have the tight to give a re ligious education to the children of their flock, it is a violation of that right to prevent thorn from doing so, and if any' obstacle debar them from exercising that right, they can justly require its removal. Hence ?their right to prevent the use in schools of books containing anything opposed to their doctrines ; hence, also tlioir rigut to require tnac mu iuu«u»i» and all others connected with the schools bo such as shall not produce an anti-religions impression on the minds of Roman Catholic ohildren, but rather aid in promoting their relglious principles and practices, or as Lord Sandon, already quoted, expresses it , ' that religion boing interwoven with evory part of tho edu cation of children, the man viho teaches them shall be a. roligious man — in his moral teachings always keeping in view tho principles of religion.' Indeed, ifthecaro of children be committed to masters and mistresses of anti .Catholic tendencies— if, byword or example* they impress anti-Catholi c doctuncs on their minds— children being swayed by the words and- example of thoso placed over and in continual contact with them, it will bo vain to expect that tho vigilance of the pastor; generally absent and occu pied ;with-various other important duties, can : pro- tect- their' faith, from injury, ' ! : oil :--'l ,i.;i'i'.'''.'!- ? ' ;i' - ?' '? ? ' ?' ? 10. Catholic Doctrine not contrary to the inde, pendence of the Laity — We do not know whether an observation in the eighth paragraph of your letter, where you spoak of '{'sustaining the just independence cf the' laity' whether Roman Catholic op Protestant,' refers to the Catholic maxim just laid !ilbwn, as if they were subversive of tho liberty of 'atners; ' If it be intended to refer to them wo shall merely 8&y; that every Catholic layman, believing the pastors of the church to have a divinely-ccnstU tuted authority, derived either from tho oongrega« tion or the State, cheerfully ellows- their right to tench all Tov'ealcd doctrines, and to prevent the pro pogation of error, whilst on the other side-, tho pastors, if religious truth bo secured from falso te.irliings, leave their flocks to expatiate as they will in the paths of mere secular knowledge, and to do as they please in . all temporal matters provided conscience.be respected. Thi3 doctrine is fully understood by Catholics, among whom the most perfect harmony exists regarding it. The clergy have made great exertions to establish schools both for the rich and the poor, whioh are filled(and many moro if they oould be erected would be filled) with the children of Ihe laity of every class. It is not an indication of jealousy that those whose lot is cast in tho humbler walks of life seek with gTeat anxiety ,to he admitted into the schools of the Chratian '?Pjrotln.TS, exclusively religious ; and that the wealthier classes cheerfully pay high pensions to have their sons and daughters educated in schools pliiced altogether under Roman Catholic ecclesias tical authority. Whore both parties act so harmo. niously, and are fully agreed upon thoir respective relations, we do not see what necessity there is ot sustaining an independence that is not assailed i nor can we conceive how the history of past times could susrgest to the Catholics of Ireland an appeal to the state for the ma:ntcnance of their educational or religious rights against supposed episcopal en croachments. 20\. Rights of Catholic Bishops recognised iti England. — But to return to our subject, we havo sufficiently explained in what bus been said the Roman Catholic view of the rights of bishops and clergy in regard to education. The admiRsion ' of those rights has been productive of great advantages to society in every country, and to the zeal and ener«r^ oftjje^QjiUiolic clergy in exercising them we . 'must attribute the foundation of innumerable uni versities, colleges, and schools, and the spread of education among the people. Feelings of gratitude and justice have secured the recognition-of such rights in all thonnndp^kined oip^of [jjaC^nttnent^ ^ thelfrftisii colonies.' '''To say nothing of other coun tries, iu England 'there are separate Roman Catholic elementary as well as training and model schools re ceiving aid from Government. The selection of books, tho appointment of teachers, and the regu lations for giving instruction, are under tho direction, of the Roman Catholic bishops. The schools aro visited by inspectors selected by the same prelates, and supported by the Government. In. case of ,a dispute regarding teaching, the bishopB decide, it on, appeal. In fine, the right of the Roman Catholic Church to teach is practically recognised. 21\. The rights of the Heads of the Catholic Church in Ireland ignored by the Board.— What is. our condition in Ireland? You assure us that our rights aro ' cheerfully recognised by tho Govern- , ment,' or by the board acting in their name. But we are forced to declare that we havo in vain sought for any recognition of thoso rights in the present rules and actual administration of the national com missioners. In tho rules published in their 21st report, the funotions of parents and patrons of Bchools are explained, but we cannot find in them any ad mission or oven mention of ecclesiastical authority, though this authority was originally recognised by Lord Dorby. Tho succeeding paragraphs aro thus headed: 22\. Catholic Pastors told to treat with the Board through their Flocks— this Proposal examined. 23\. No single case can be alleged in wlncli ua tholio Episcopal authority is recognised by the Na tional Board. 2K Principles laid down by Lord Derby for tho . Management of the National System. 25\. Right assumed by the National Board to change the essential Principles of tho System. ?: 20\. According to Lord Derby's Letter tho Na tional System should afford separate Religious Education, and exclude all danger of Proselytism. 27\. Essential change in tho Original Constitution of the Board regarding Roligious Instruction. 28\. Evil results and Dangers arising from tho change in ihe Original Constitution of tho System. 29\. Plan adoptod by the Board to prevont these ovil Results,— a Mockery and a Delusion. 80\. The Character of National Sohool Books in opposition to the Original Constitution of tho National System. 31\. Model and Training Schools contrary to tho Original Constitution of the National System, ' cal culated to throw, the Education of the People into tho hands of tho Government. 32\. Training and other Schools objectionable, as assuming the Character of mixed Boarding Schools. 33\. Model Schools not managed with a due regard o Catholic Interests. 34\. Various other changes in tho National System. detrimental to Catholics. 35\. Objections against the Separate System. 30\. The Separate System does not promote dis cord or bad feelings : such feelings among Pupils, or indifleientism to Religion, tho result of tho Mixed System. : Tho following dosorve notice : — 37\. Mixed System excites jealousy among tho Pastors of various Religious Denominations. Vio lence of ProteBtant Press and Pulpit. Besides, mixed schools aro calculated to excite .joalousy among tho pastors of tho various denominations. We learn from published placards, from advertise ments in newspapers, and from other sources, that many Anglican and Dissenting ministers entortain their flocks on .Sundays with denunciations of Catholics, oalling us idolaters anl followers of , Antichrist. Iu tho public religious meetings hold uvwy year, tho Bame language is adoutod, TUotQUQ of the Protestant press is too well known to lequire notice. To propagate the opinions put forward in pulpit and press, proselytising schools are estab lished, and every effort made td attract Catholii children to them. Such things should not surprise us, when we recollect that in oaths administered by the authority of the state, our doctrines are declared damnable and idolatrous. Now, when minister?, such as those we have mentioned, aBsumo' the ' management of national mixed schools, as is fre quently the case, must not the Catholic priest be filled with alarm, lest by means of the interpretation of the lessons of religion contained in the school books and otherwise, the children of his flock may be imbued with error and with prejudice against thei; own Church. Establish separate schools, and this source of jealousy shall be dried up. We have re ferred with sincere regret to the violence of the anti-Catholic pulpit and press, but it ia a matter of public notoriety that cannot he concealed. Tliii. violence was never carried to a greater extent thnn within the last few months, during which period writers in the press, and ministers of various sects whilst eulogising the national system of education, lave not ceased to insult and revile the,' Heads of the Catholic Church. Indeed, had we been guilty of treason, we could not have been more violently . denounced than we were by Presbyterian patrons of national schools, and others, merely beoause pro claiming principles laid down by great English statesmen, and adopted by Parliament, we demanded ' Catholic education for Catholic children, leaving it to Protestants to impart a Protestant education to .their children. ; 88.- Catholic Teaching tends to promote Charity and Good Will.— Gorl forbid that imitating, or allowing our clergy to imitate, such conduct, we 'should engage in so unworthy a strife. Our teaching. ? being of quite a different choracter, does not consist .in assailing any one. Whether in the school or in ' the Church, we employ ourselves wholly to inculcate the truth and the morality of the Gospel, explaining 'the sacrifice, the sacraments, the practical duties of tne onristian religion, 'leveloping and enforcing the whole dispensation of the law. In oar catechisms, no attacks are made upon those who differ from us in religion, nor is any mention of them made except to inculcate the necessity of charity towards them and all mankind. We teach nothing to check the growth of mutual good-will, so desirable for all men, ';but especially lor those of the same country. Our, schools have never been conducted in an aggressive' spirit, and no one has attempted to fix the charge of proselytism on them. The children who have been trained in exclusively Catholic schools are good citizens, charitable men, and practical Christians. No argument against separate schools can be deduced from our teaching or our practices, but the contrary. 89 Results of Mixed Education in various pairs ;of Ireland, and in our Times. Separate s^ stein in traduced into England.— Ii may further be observed that the theory of Mixed Education, as lessening religious pn judieea, and promoting s. cial harmony, derives no confirm.-'ti.in from a reference to tlie his tory of thofe districts whtre that system n-ost gene rally prevails. In these, as in Belfast, and the .northern counties, unhappily violei.t di-plnys of party spirit anil deadly reiigious feuda are of more Ut quent occurrence than in any ether part of thc kingdom. It is to be added that bi»otry and fana. ticisrn and hatred of tverj thing Catholic were never to violent as at present, though the suppposed con ciliatory influence of mixed Education has been acting on the country for nearly thirty years. Where, then, are the boasted effects of mixed education to he seen in Ireland? Finally, were the separate system so destructive of charity/ He- Majesty's .Government would not have given so fatal a boon to England, reserving the blessings of mixed schools for Ireland. The next chapters are divided as follows : ? ? ;.6..Wci.Tl1fi.iv$tfwlV(]ge.Sv8leiu does '»t prevent the 41\. The Separate Sy,i«m no€ „ „ .. .... Management of the Public Funds. : 42. Government interference in Education ought . to be merely Financial and Inspecitioual. ? 43. Statement favourable to the National System Grants made to Catholics. 44\. Grants made to Proselytising Schools not 'mentioned by Government. . 45. Many schools called National are Catholic Parochial Schools. ? 46. Reason why Catholic Schools and Masters ?receive a large amount of Public Grant. \- .47. Disadvantages of Catholic Schools under the .National Board. ^48. Government Statistics of National Schools show the facility of introducing the Separate System 'lnlreland. J '.-?/ 49. Separate System established in England, .though rendered difficult by the varieties of seels :— In England, where the poorer population is split up into innumerable sects, the introduction of the sepa rate system must have been a work of considerable . difficulty. In Ireland the case is very different ? in three provinces the poorer classes, anil those who frequent National Schools, ure nearly all Catholic andm Ulster, though .here is a great mixture oi ?different denominations, many districts- have onlv one prevailing religion. Hence the peculiar cir cumstances of this country seem well adapted for tlie-introdnctiou of the separate system, which', not withstanding the difficulties arising from the variety of secis, has been establinhed in England in ac cordance with the wishes of the people and the wise maxims of great statesmen, who woiild approve ol .no system unless it were blended with religion, and hallowed by its benign influence. 50\. The Rejection nf the claims of Protestants to Special Grants for Education, no reason why Catho ho claims should be rejected. Privileges of Protes tant Clergy in, past times. 51\. Advantages of Protestant Clergy under the present system. .'?? ' ? ? ? 52\. Protestant Clergy desire to estahlish a right to give Protestant instruction to Catholic children OJ. Catholic demands lor Separate Education just and reasonable. '?? ! .? ? J \- In this concluding paragraph their Lordships say : —We complain that . the rules of the Board of National Education have gradually undergone changes adverse to Catholics and favourable to ? Irotestaiits. We complain of the dangers to which ? our children aie expo.-ed in schools where they are .induced la receive Protestant religious instruction, oi can receive no religious instruction ajf. all. We ?complain that the books, suclv as we have described ?them, are unfit for the education of Catholics. We complain that the whole National System has been developed in a narrow-minded, il liberal, aud ami. Catholic spirit, and that the ♦Catholics of Ireland, „„ if ,0 remind them of the degradation ot past times, are deprived of .many advantages freely grunted to all classes in England. In line we co.nplnin of grievances affect ing ourselves and the children of our flocks. But ?far from seeking to u-urp the education of Protes tants, we reitrict our care t- those of our own house ? hol.1, ? leaving all who differ horn us in religion to provide for the instruction ol their own children in vbntever way they consider most beneficial. ?'?Having now laid before you at considerable length some of our principal objeethns to the System of .National Education, anil mated the injustice and grievances of which we have to complain, we trusi that when you shall have explained our views to Government, the demands »l.iol» we have made ami ?now make in the name of the vast Catholic popula. t .on of Ireland wi 1 be granted in a wise amfl be|l spirit, and the jusuee and necessity of our claims Yo a separate «blCn. of Catholic education for Catholic children fully recognised.— \V0 j,avej &Cg;( t Paul Cui/len. fl; . f -Joseph Dixon. , ., f Pat hick .Luaiiy. '' -j- Patrick Ai'GtTi-taAN. t JAMBS'HnoWNE. . ,t'JoiiN .Ryan.' T John Oantweli,. t CollNULIUS Dlil-VIR. t WlLMAM DcLANY. \' ' ?? ' t John JKmtr. ' ?» ' ' '?' f Thomas !? ubny. ' ' t L'HAKl/liS MACNATLY. ? - , ?v , t Edward Walsiic. ' , t i'UANOIS hULLY. t' Win. t am Kcani:. t Patkick-Jjuhcan. f 1'ATUICK FALLOW. t John Kildufp. : \+ David Mohiarty. '?? ' ?f- J. P. Leahy. ?j- .'Iominick O'Brien '?'.... f James Walsh b. ? .; ?j- Laurence Gillooly. t Daniel M'Gettioan. t Thomas Furloko. t John Macevilly. \+ Micahel O'Hea. t Michael Flannery4 . 