SCHOOL OF ARTS. DR WOOLLEY'S INAUGURAL LECTURE. The inaugural lecture for the season, was delivered at the .School of Arts, yesterday evening, by Dr. Woolley, in the presence of a large and respectable audience, including several ladies. N. D. STENHOUSE. Esq., occupied the chair. Dr. WOOLLEY, who was warmly received by the audience, Spoke as follows : Every age has its own watchword; a rallying-cry not only true in itself, but embodying in a pithy aphorism that aspect of the truth which is most necessary and helpful for the times. Again, each new watchword seems to be the con- tradiction, being in fact, the complement and development of its predecessor. Reigning ideas seem to succeed, not by inheri tance, but by conquest. The old sovereign does not go down quietly to his grave, but is toppled from his throne by a youthful and insolent usurper. The line of great thoughts which have in tarns swayed tho hearts and moulded the destinies of men is like that in the old Temple of Diana, whose ruler was " tho priest who slew the slayer, and shall himself be slain." Hence social pro- gress becomes a series of revolutions, and presents the aspect of an eternal conflict between the three revolutionary parties—the uncompromising opponents of the new principle, its enthusiastic adherents, and those who in a calm and critical balance seek to harmonise and adjust the antagonistic pretensions of tho new and the old. From the nature of the case this third party have com- monly the preponderance of truth in their favour ; but they are always fewest in number, almost always fail in their immediate object; and seldom occupy in history a place so prominent or honourable as the advocates of either extreme. The reason is obvious and trite : man advances in all things alike—knowledge, morality, civilisation— not in a straight line, but in a zig-zag; never steadily pointing to his goal, but swaying to tho right and left in alternate and commensurate oscillations. We learn not by adding truth to truth, but by recoiling from one exaggeration to its opposite. We improve because each recoil is less violent and thorough than the former. Education, and early association modify conviction, and temper the enthusiasm of the proselyte ; our solid gain at each crisis of thought depends upon the extent to which the old doctrine which we abjure unconsciously qualifies that which we set up in its place. This is the whole difference between the rash enthusiasm of youth, and the sobriety of mature years, between the ruder and most advanced periods of social pro- gress. But even to the end the influence is un- conscious : consciously we are always in extremes ; only a few by a painful and unnatural effort struggling against our besetting bigotry. And those few are not tho master-spirits of their age. They make no discove- ries; they enlist no sympathies; they revolt the enthusiastic and weary the imaginative. They are rejected alike by the educated and the mob. The deepest passion of man—the source alike of his greatness and his errors—is tho longing to unite the multitu- dinous and shifting phenomena, in the ever-varying tide of which he drifts distractedly to and fro, under some comprehensive and stable law. From this inherent longing springs all tho good and bad of our nature, all our happiness and misery, virtue and vice, truth and falsehood ;—all except dull and brutal indifference. And to this tendency philosophic moderation seems at first a hindrance. It ls an old rhetorical maxim, "If you mean to gain the ear of an audience, treat their private experience or opinions as laws of nature.' Nothing pleases a man so much as to hear his individual impressions announced as Catholic truths; nothing at so little expense gratifies his noblest and dominant 'ambition. We all know how popular favour is secured by the enunciation of what is called " a broad principle," especially if it tallies with and explains the views which their own previous observation has suggested. They will have no modification, no reserve: no compromise or admission of any truth on tho other side. You must, as the phrase is, " go the entire animal," if you seek to be in the fashion ; you are lost for ever if you hint that a broad principle may owe its breadth to its coarseness, and be either' utterly indefinite and unpractical, or likely to issue as often in mischief as in gain. And if cautious distinctions offend the undisciplined mind, they are hardly more palateable to the sensibilities of the poet. They are naturally attractive only to cool unimpassioned thinkers ; and such men neither can nor ought to rule tho world. They are too far removed from human sympathy : they are content to watch tho errors of the world with compassionate scorn : if they have more subtilty and refinement than tho reformer, they lack his tenderness and faith. Genius is full of passion : it trusts not at all to cold logic : the truths which it worships are revealed to the spirit and enshrined in tho heart. Now, as science generally arises from human weakness and distress, so the social truth which regenerates an age, is neithor discovered nor even wanted until the old doctrine has brought us to a stand-still,-landed us in manifest absurdity, or involved us in pharisaic unreality. In knowledge, bankruptcy must go before solid wealth. And to the quick sensibilities of genius tho truth which delivers as from our " slough of despond" is an angel of light; our former guide is not truth half seen, but a malignant demon. Hence, that which we vainly lament, the iconoclastic spirit of every real and earnest age. Human reform must destroy tho good with the evil : and overthrow one exclu siveness by another equally bigotted and narrow-only by acci- dent less mischievous ; as poison may recover as from deadly disease. Every honest thinker is a knight errant ;-a crusader ready in support of truth to violate every principle of justice and humanity. The giants and monsters whom he dislodges were before his arrival the rightful possessors of the land. But how can the wilderness be reclaimed and peopled, if he is to be .checked by equitable considerations ? He must mow down with- out mercy all that resists the spread of civilisation. If he were as noble and as tolerant as the Jews and the Paynims, whom he murders and traduces, the people of God could never reach the Land of Promise. It is the same with you and me. When we make a new advance or acquisition, we are like children with a new plaything; the old Is not discarded only, but -vilified and abused. The prophet or the convert—the finder of pearls In religious or secular know- ledge-the conqueror of heresy or tyranny, is generally drunk, insolent, and brutalised with success. In a transition period like the nineteenth century, we are especially conscious of this unamiable tendency. New sciences are continually arising; old sciences transformed by the application of new methods ; our middle age is spent In unlearning the lessons of our youth, and the result Is too often a proud and unreasoning depreciation of all that was before our times. We forget that the idols which we fling to the owls and the bats with contemptuous indignation were once symbols of God, instinct with his spiritual grace as the Nehustban which—ground to powder—had been the appointed channel of Divine Salvation. So it must ever be whilst we persist in confounding substance and form, and prefer the bones of dead prophets to the living men who wear their mantles. The path of- humanity ls a succession of battle-fields between the fanatics of the day and the mummies of the fanatics ; of old. Even the name or God may be used as a fetich, and the cry of the blasphemer be less hateful to Heaven than the service of the sanctuary. Therefore fanaticism must be remorseless. An apostle is too much possessed with his own gospel to do justice to his opponents. There was some good even in pharisaism, but the impartial philosophy which acknowledged this could never have destroyed its practical sensualism and hypocrisy. The turn of philosophy does come: but long after tbe fight and tho victory. It presides in the Congress, though it must be ex- scinded from the council of war. The enlightened and humane Gamaliel was unfit for tho work to which Paul of Tarsus was called. Erasmus and Melanchthon towered far above their con- temporaries in comprehensive reason and equitable judgment ; they were withdrawn by that very superiority from popular sym- pathy, and yielded to the coarser but more genial energy of Luther and Ignatius Loyola Their work was not wasted, tn after days we may happily employ their critical discri mlnatlon; we may qualify St. Paul's denunciations or Jewish and Gentile spiritual life; may admit Mahomet's claim to the prophetic character ; and reject the mutual anathemas of Catholic and Protestant. But this Impartiality would not do for the day of battle. It is not only impotent, but less penetrating and clear-sighted than un- distinguishing partisanship. Aristotle could criticise the in- spired fallacies of his master Plato; he could never have stirred the heart of Athens nor awaked her to his divine doctrines. '. It is safer" says Cicero," to follow Plato in his blunders than the rest In their just reasonings." He has a deeper hold of the truth which we need In his extravagance, than can be gained from the most perfect demonstration. Candour to an enemy is some- times treason against God. Nay, you must sometimes hit out right and left, and not spare your friends themselves ff they are in awkward proximity to the foe. Reformers will always be bigots and persecutors at heart. Tho only hope ls that ad- vancing humanity may first confine their persecution to doc- : trinal intolerance, and then divert their intolerance from per- sons to systems. In tho questions nearest to our hearts you ' and I are as unjust and one sided as Paul was to the Greeks, Socrates to tho Sophists, or Luther to the Pope. There are points on which we cannot bear to be told that our adversary also has something to say. Meanwhile tho healing process of Nature continues. Whilst we mourn despondingly over tho ruins of the first temple, the second arlses in fuller glory and more majestic proportions. Modern Christianity repairs tho injury of St Paul, and confesses scarcely less a debt to Thucydides and Plato -than to Matthew and John. A living divine is not afraid to speak of " God's preparing presence with both tho great races of the ancient spiritual world—tho Hellenic and the Hebrew;" and to admit that the unconscious grace given to the former was often "intenser and higher than tho conscious inspiration" of the latter. And,notwithstanding all accidental drawbacks, there is a great and growing, however yet ineffectual, longing after that more perfect sympathy which shalt enable us to view our differ- ences from our neighbour's stand-point as well as our own ; and even where agreement is impossible and conflict a duty, to tem- per tho noise of controversy with the soft voice of mutual cour- tesy and cordial respect. To this happy consummation the medi- ators and trimmers of each age contribute important though silent aid. They preserve tho good seed that lay imboedded among the uprooted tares until it can be sown afresh in prepared ground. Originating no great movement, they may yet modify its direction, and point out rocks and quicksands. Never popu- lar heroes, they live, if at all, in tho memories of the learned and thoughtful, not even by them enshrined in the holiest place. Yet the niches of Aristotle, of Cicero, of Erasmus, -Halifax, Peel, if not so high nor so worn with pilgrim's feet as those of Plato, Demosthenes, Luther, Russell, and Fox, aro neither ignoble nor unvisited. To those whose unimpassioned temperament, combined with a clear intellect, disqualifies them for the work of an evangelist, there is occupation, useful though not brilliant, in interpreting the popular Gospel, and guarding it as far as may be from the exaggerations and perversions of its own apostles. The boast of our own age Is its practical tendency. The nine- teenth century has two watchwords, or rather two formulas for one. Tho cry of our fathers was " the general diffusion of ' knowledge;" ours is its " utilisation." The word is not very melodious, nor too grammatical ; but its meaning is characteris- tically English, and it marks an important advance beyond our predecessors. The battle which they fought is won. Some of us ore old enough to remember the misgivings which were excited by the first declaration that the "Schoolmaster was abroad," that he had left tho palaces of princes and halls of universities, to preach the glad tidings of intellectual life to the poor. To many it seemed a revolution, which must unfit all artisans and labouring men for tho duties and the position allotted to them. Reading and writing were to corrupt the fidelity of servants, and paralyse tho mechanic's skill. No man would be satisfied with the employment for which nature fitted or circumstances destined him ; all would be seeking tho highest gifts, confident in themselves and impatient of superiors, they would change the fair order of the social hier- archy into anarchy and confusion. Certainly we have learnt that popular education is a revolution ; and that it does unfit the great body of our people for that moral serfdom to which they were not long ago degraded, from which their deliverance is hardly yet complete. But we have also learnt that no class pros- pers in tho depression of another—that the breaking down of social barriers is not loosening tho foundations of order nor tho preaching of discontent. True, every educated man is a gentle- man, no matter what may be his occupation ; but it is tho very boast of a gentleman to be loyal and faithful in his duty. There are none now who in words grudge instruction and refinement to the people, though there are many who seek to neutralise the right by oppressive conditions. There are no more pariahs of literature, in theory at least, and whenever the nation shall will it in fact, the gate of the temple of science stands wide open ; all classes and conditons are freely invited to enter. The schoolmaster is effectually abroad, and his circuit is daily extending. He not only visits our towns and villages, our settled and orderly popula- tions, but traverses the highways and penetrates the by-ways, the lanes and cellars of poverty, and tho dungeons of crime, feeding the hungry, clothing tho ragged, bringing hack hope and peace to the criminal and outcast. Knowledge is already popularised. The next and higher task is to utilise it, to see that instruction is not only abundantly furnished, but suited to its purpose, and adapted to the circumstances and wants of those to whom it is offered ; " fitted to raise up a succession of men," as our good old English formula runs, "duly qualified to serve God" in tho station and occupation to which they are called-in one word practically useful. This, then, is the especial duty of our genera- tion; the contribution which, we are to pour into the lap of humanity. In an English colony, at all events, there are no ex- clusive privileges, no insurmountable obstacle to be encoun tared by my man in claiming his share of our common inherit- ance. So far as rights go, we have entered into our fathers' labours, and have nothing to do but to reap the harvest which they have sown. Intellectual improvement, social respect, political influence, are in the power of every man who can and will stretch out his hand to secure them. It were only to be desired that as a community we were more conscious of the value of those talents which we possess, but can hardly be said to enjoy; especially that we were more earnestly determined upon the education of our children, more seriously and earnestly resolved to give them that advantage without which all others are valueless : that we had faith and devotion enough to force our governors to break through the meshes of faction and bigotry, and help, by act as well as word, to purge that putrid mass of ignorance and insensibility which decimates our population, whilst it multiplies our gaols, makes the streets of our city a field of blood, from which the festering corpses of our strongest and fairest cry to God against us; our settlements in the bush too often more brutal and savage than those of the dispossessed aborigines. And why are we so little earnest in the cause of education ? Because we are not thoroughly convinced of its practical utility ; we do not see what good our children will get from it—how it will help them on in the world or promote their success in a life where self-reliance and readi- ness of resource seem of more value than all the wisdom of Solomon. Education, more than anything else, requires the application of that law of abstinence,-that patient walling for the fruit of our labours-which nothing but a well-grounded reliance upon the ultimate result could support or justify, We must ba content to see others pass us in the race half-way up the hill while we dawdle at the bottom ; achieving station and reputa- tion whilst we are yet unknown and unplaced loiterers at the threshold of life This we cannot and ought not to do without sufficient motive ; we must be sure that we are really doing better for ourselves by continuing at school than by hurrying into business; that we are really laying up a capital which will end by repaying as a hundred fold ; acquiring powers which will enable us to distance those who, before we start, are mid-way In tho course. To awaken and sustain this conviction we must, as it were, translate learning into the vulgar tongue. She must teach no more, as the scribes in unfamiliar phrase and foreign accent, but " standing at tho corners of the streets" in a tongue " under standed of tho people," so that all who are by may hear her pro- mises and estimate her performance. This is the practical problem of the day. It is of much more consequence than the national and denominational feuds and legislative enactments. Till it is resolved all exertions aro powerless ; free schools and ragged schools themselves vain ; our teachers will have few and listless hearers; parents will grudge their children the time spent in la- bour without profit ; and even enthusiastic scholars will be mor- tified and damped by the misgiving that, however interesting, their work is unmeaning and unreal. Tho days are passed away when learning exercised a kind of superstitious charm, and in- vested its possessor with an almost sacred awe; we are all per. suaded that merely ornamenial accomplishments are worse than vain; every science and art must prove its claim to considera- tion in this work-a day world, or be consigned to the limbo of busy idleness. The maxim of the day is " Everything for use. Education is only the training for work. Teach nothing that will not be tamed to account. Give each subject the share of atten- tion exactly proportioned to its future usefulness." The justice and, indeed, truism of this principle commends itself to all, and has never been intentionally denied. How, then, does it come to be a rallying cry, since this implies desperate op position? This must always happen in a period of transition like the 18th century or our own, when thought, having outgrown the actual condition of society, and seeking to realise itself in practice, is compelled to attack hereditary and time-honored in stitutions. At such crises, what is called in question is not the principle itself, but its application to the rival systems. There is always truth on both sides ; and, logically, it may be that the balance of reason inclines to the conservative ideas; at all events they sin less in bigotry and vehement denunciation. But, morally, revolution is always in the right. Whatever its tem porary excesses or absurdities, it is always the cause of God and humanity. At whatever cost of blood, misery, and injuntice to individuals—even if it assumes tho form of blasphemy and licen tiousness—religion and morality demand that it should prevail. If gentle and thoughtful men raise the standard of moderation, and strive to temper tho first fury of the attack by checks of philosophy and prudence, we may admire their motives and pity their fate, but we cannot expect, anticipate, or wish their success. It is neither possible nor desirable that perfect truth should triumph until each extreme has been tried and found wanting in its turn. A cabinet-picture would be useless in a theatre. Truth must be painted in gross, rough outlines, with exaggerated light and shadows, and massive unfinished forms, if it is to present tho appearance of reality to the pit. The apathy and sequacity of men, their acquiescence in the actual and fear of the untried, can only be roused by tho mesmeric madness of fanaticism ; can only approach truth and virtue through violence and lying. Something like this has happened and is happening in the case of modern education. The system of instruction dominant sixty years ago, established at the restoration of learning, upon profound and earnest conviction, had eminently promoted the welfare and enlightenment of man- kind. But that which satisfied the privileged classes of the eighteenth century was imperfectly adapted to the whole popu- lation of the nineteenth. And schools of learning, like other human institutions, had lost their first love and degenerated into traditions; doing their work in a perfunctory manner, with- out even tho consciousness of the end which it was meant to serve. That which was a feast of fat things had become a Barmecide supper. Tho official leaders of thought were not in harmony with the spirit of the age, for the most part with no age at all—either pedants who had found their common sense in the grave of a past which never existed ; or sensualists who fulfilled their task simply as a task in which their only interest was the reward. A reform was necessary : the blind and stupid opposition to that reform provoked an attack upon the ancient learning altogether, and a challenge to shew cause why it should not be clean swept away as a form from which the spirit had departed. Such challenges are God's angels troubling the stagnant waters, and making them instinct with healing power. Even in those things which we know best and believe most loyally, we are constantly relapsing into officialism. What is unquestioned soon ceases to be understood, and dies at the heart—moving like a ghost amongst living men—a corpse life- like to the view, but shattering into dust before the first breath of air. Even our faith in God would perish unassailed: the dis- charge of our daily duties is guaranteed only by constant alarms which rouse us like the Hebrew champion from our sleep to prove whether our strength has departed. For men as well as systems, if the strength has departed, the happiest as the just doom is to die. It has been the happy fortune of our Anglo Saxon race to commence our reforms in time to save instead of destroying. We develop and remodel where others have to pull down and build again from the foundation. Such has been the result in the present instance. We have lost, and are likely to lose nothing really valuable. Put upon their defence, sciences, of which their professed advocates made no use, have proved their importance to the progress of knowledge and happi- ness, and to surrendering their usurped and exclusive dominion, have gained a more vivid, and even a more extensive influence and appreciation. With the details,however, of this controversy we are not at present concerned I have only to call your atten- tion to some of the extreme developments which it has produced in the popular utilitarianism ; to the gain permanent which they have secured, or the temporary losses whlch they threaten. Ot all the gains, direct and indirect, which have attended this move- ment, the greatest, doubtless, is that which is the special function or the latter ages—the reconciliation of tho higher and lower faculties of man; his outward and inward life; his body and soul. This great truth, announced by Christianity, has never been fairly realised till now; the principle that high and low are mutually necessary ; that the exclusive dominion of either is the destruction of both, though theoretically recognised In the pulpit and the study, has seldom been applied to the conduct of the world. Rich and poor—soul and body—sense and spirit—have still maintained a struggle as deadly and irre concileable as if he who united them, and willed their harmo- nious co-operation were not God but the Devil. The most im- portant step in modern education is doubtless the enhanced im- portance assigned to physical science and to the arts which mi- nister to the health and comfort of mankind. For a while, in- deed, they alone assumed the title of " useful knowledge"; and although that exclusive arrogation has ceased, and they are oon tent with their natural subordination to literature and philoso- phy, yet once for all it has been decided-that as the body is worthless without the soul, so the soul without the body can never attain its appointed perfection: that he who neglects the body destroys the soul as effectually as he who pampers himself with grossest indulgence This Inestimable advantage we owe no doubt to the general diffusion of education. It was preached originally by tho founders of such Institutions as our own ; who claimed for the mechanic and artisan a work as necessary if not as important, a place as honorable if not as exalted as those of the scholar and philosopher, tbe politician and divine. But the gain is not for tho multitude alone: His eanally great for the select few to whom have fallen the inner services of the sanctuary of truth. Now only is laid a sure foundation for the temple of science. Aristotle said that human society is created by the lower wants of mankind, but is continued because when these are satisfied higher and yet higher desires are continually developed, for which no less mutual co- operation is needed. This is but partially true. In civilisation, as in everything else, man begins with the end. The crown, really so distant, seems at the outset of his career almost within his grasp : it is only by repeated failures that he learns how long is the course which he must traverse to Its attainment We see this In our own children. It is not tho realities of life, nor dreams of worldly success that excite the interest of an ear-, nest boy; but questions of eternal import insoluble to the dying sage, we see it in the history of speculation. Tho fathers of science boldly sought to fathom the mystery of absolute being, long ere they cared to know the facts of the universe in which we live: mathematics were cultivated whilst physical observa- tion was alighted or paired off. Ethical laws and political prin- ciples were sifted by en exhaustive analysis, fruitlessly for many ages; because men had not learnt that to aim at the highest, by a single effort, is to build castles in the air. The Greeks an- nounced a fruitful truth when they made tho word " necessary" signify at once tho first condition and the lowest point of suo cuss. Because it is lowest we are long before we will condescend to it It is long before men will recognise that morality and religion can only rise upon the foundation of material well-being ; that political economy and sanitary regulations are the surest bulwarks of constitutional liberty and virtue. Now, we know that the order of nature is that of God, and must be that of human improvement—tho weaker before the stronger—tho body before the soul—health and food before virtue and holiness. It is mockery to present spiritual banquets to tho furnishing. In body; to apply soul medicines to the rottenness of tho bones. Of my brethren of the clergy ; if ye would indeed become tho ministers of God's salvation, to this dying people, close those idle tomes of mystical metaphysic and impossible ethic—leave your baseless speculations and silly quarrels about matters neither compre- hensible nor profitable if comprehended—and preach, after tho example of your Master, tho true Gospel of tho poor. Heal first tho diseases of the body, and then physic tho mind; build whole- some and pleasant habitations; secure to steady industry a fair and constant wage ; drive away pestilence and hunger, and woo domestic comfort to our earths ; so shall your doctrine distil, as the dew upon prepared and grateful hearts. Hut to say to the naked, be thou clothed with righteousness; to the starving, feed upon the Divine Word ; to the plague-stricken, be thoa healed of thy sins-is tenfold worse than tho mockery of those who bade tho Son of Man come down from the cross to whloh tho Church and Government had nailed Him, end from which the people, when they understood what was done, returned smiting their breasts. What now to them was Pharisee' or Saducee ? Could priest or lawyer raise thoir dead to life, restore the sick, recover tho leper, reliovo infirmities, give wine for their feasts, and spread a table In the desert at their need? or would they if they could ? We can now, if we will. .Let us not be afraid to follow the example of Christ. Such is the benefit which we derive from the utilitarian maxim. What is tho danger with which it threatens us? It is this. In tho heat of enthusiasm or of controversy men have been led unduly to limit the word " utility;" to call those things only useful which tend immediately to bodily enjoyment or support. Hence a view ef education equally dangerous and degrading. A useful education Is one which fits the pupil, not for all his future life, in all his domestic, social, political relations, but solely for his special business,-for that art or knowledge by which he is to earn his bread. We are to train up not citizens and men, but mechanics, merchants, physicians, lawyers. All is unprofitable and idle, which has no bearing upon our trade. Then only are we usefully employed when we are practising rules or acquiring information, which will help as in our merchandise or handicraft. It is but an extension of the same error that the period of education is to be rendered as short, and its methods as easy as possible. It is waste of life to be learning still when we might be serving our apprenticeship to the world. The accomplished teacher is he who gets over the ground most quickly, the best school treatises those which, contain the greatest amount of Infor- mation in the smallest space. Hence have arisen a new class of text books and a novel discipline by which in the cant of its pro- fessors, " what we before painfully learnt in four or five years may now be acquired without effort in as many hours." We need no accurate accumulation of facts, no induction of princi- ples, no orderly and elaborate demonstration, no precise terms of art and exact definitions. Results are communicated in loose and popular language, without method or connection ; the pupil must take them upon trust without practice or means of verifi- cation; no independent exertion of the mind ls encouraged. scholastic knowledge becomes a mere memoria technica ; the pupil at best a " calculating machine," his head filled with empirical rules for daily use, instead of his reason stored with principles, or trained to habit by methodical investigation, and intelligent application. Now even should we grant that to teach a trade is to educate, wo cannot admit that such popular teaching is easier—far less shorter—than scientific. Facility in learning depends upon the degree in which the interest and attention of the student Is aroused. To nothing does the proverb more truly apply than to knowledge-" Lightly got lightly lost"; that which costs no labour to learn it takes no time to forget Now, that fundamental curiosity of the human mind, on which the possibility of learning is grafted, is a desire to know not facts, but their reasons. We want to understand, as the Greek said, not what is, but why it is, and how; not bare phenomena, but their causes and mutual dependence. No fact will ever concern us except as it is tho antecedent or consequent of something else. There is more pleasure in tho smallest model which l can take to pieces, then in the noise and confusion of a gigantic factory. Difficulty never consists in the object of study ; it lies alone in lassitude and listlessness, that mental dis- sipation which presents facts not in tho harmonious order and succession of the prism, but in the broken and capricious jumbling of tho kaleidoscope. A hard lesson is one of which we do not see the meaning; i.e., of which we cannot put the I parts together into a whole. Is there any penance so severe to a clever boy as a page of some new shilling catechism ? any toil so utterly thrown away? Set two boys of equal talent-one to a proposition In Euclid, the other to Mangnall's Questions, or a so- called scientific tract of Weale's. If the latter, by a wasteful and uncongenial effort, does mister his idle task, what has he gained of real knowledge or mental power ? he might as well have earned a column of newspaper advertisements. The other glows with the consciousness of healthy exercise, and the pride of a . new attainment. Why ? The subject ii purely abstract. It may have no bearing upon his occupations ; it may convey far less in- formation upon facts of every-day experience. Rut the symmetry with which, from a few self-evident principles, a vast and complex system is built up, no ono part inserted without clearest proof, none superfluous, deficient, or misplaced, fills him with a delighted astonishment, and awakens him to the enjoy- ment of his noblest energies. Some modern teachers have com- plained of Euclid as unnecessarily prolix ; and, doubtless, a o m pendlous method might exhibit the same deductions, as tho so called mental arithmetic works sums without analysis of the roal process. It is another question which method would be the easier to understand and retain; and still another, whioh would form the more skilful geometrician or master of numbers. For what is it that we intend in teaching ? Not to make a living dic- tionary but aa independent artist ; not one who knows all exist- ing rules, but who has the faculty of making rules for himself-of adding, modifying, combining, as emer- gent difficulties or altered circumstances require "Every judge" said the Greeks " ought to have tho knowledge and the spirit of a law- giver." Every scholar ought to real the inmost thoughts of the author whom he studies, to trace his method of investigation, to appreciate tho motives whioh led him to his decision, and to be a competent censor of both. There are many books which we read, many sciences which we cultivate, not for the information which they convey, but as a discipline of connected thought The best treatise is not always that which is posted up to the latest date. Every Cambridge Wrangler may know, in one sense, more mathematics than Sir Isaac Newton ; it does not follow that he is capable of writing a book to super- sede the " Principia." Bacon is, and always will be, the Cory- phaeus of Natural Philosophers; he was himself a mere tyro in physical lore, and might be corrected by a pert pupil of the low- est form. Napoleon said the the best manuals for a modern general are the wars of Hannibal and Caesar, men who, in the contemptuous phrase of a pseudo-practical historian, " lived before the Invention of gunpowder." The Em- peror's remark shewed the penetration of his genius, Thought can never be exhibited: it can be communicated only by suggestion, it is a secret without meaning except to those who can reproduce it for themselves. The teacher works by hints like tho single bones out of which Owen constructs an entire animal. We may set the mental brain is motion; if we accom- pany the Journey it stops. The old definition of a perfect governor Is equally that of the master of the lowest form-*' he gives to his pupil the least possible help; wilting rather to fall short than to do much. He assists nature but does not Imper- tinently interfere with her operations ; he animates, encourages, prevents a useless waste of labour, recals the hopelessly astray to the true method; but above all things he never does for the student what the student might do for himself. Of all checks and mortifications to an enthusiastic scholar I know none so annoying as unnecessary explanations. If you tell your audience, says Aristotle, what they could have supplied without your aid, they will either fall tats a passion or go to sleep. What is prosiness but needless and therefore wearisome detail ? What is the charm of poetry, but that it leaves its story half untold?-all untold to those who oan not tell it to their own hearts? Perfect art never interprets her self. She stands dumb to the multitude, full of eloquence to those who know her. She sketches outlines, which only those can fill up who can go back to the source from which she drew. The only test of practical knowledge is to vary the circumstances as school-boys change the letters and position of geometrical dia- grams, A soldier might know every minute event in Napoleon's own campaigns, and be disconcerted by rifled cannon or electric telegraphs ; one who like the Emperor himself, has entered Into the cabinet of the great Roman, or greater African, well know. like him and them, how to convert every new invention,every unexpected occurrence, into an Instrument and minister of his will. " Science for the million," is the great boast of the age, when it introduces tho artizan into the study or laboratory of the sage, and enables him Intelligently to assist in his investigation and experiments. If lt is teaching by Weale's and Pinnock's catechisms, the authoritative communication of bare results, not aa appeal to the hearer's own judgment by analytic demonstra- tion, there can follow but one of two results. . Either the habit of mind will be lost, by which principles are apprehended ; and so Invention will cease, the principles themselves be forgotten, and the rules founded on them be mistaken or misapplied : or, if a learned class is still retained,-If in our haste for useful applica tion, we leave to a few tho exclusive possession of the key of knowledge, we falsify the whole significance of modern civilisa- tion; we re-establish and surround with a triple rampart the distinctions of Intellectual caste and privilege ; we abolish the democracy of mind, and with it condemn the social democracy either to anarchy or to despotism. Liberty will not co-exist with voluntary dependence upon others ; faith where sight is possible is a cowardly felo de-se. Tho fortresses and bayonets of a military despotism are at all events less degrading than self-imposed serf- dom of the mind. But the most elaborate intellectual training will not avail to preserve our freedom, if the fatal notion once gains currency that education should be limited to the learning of our trade ; that no work is useful at school which will not help as to earn our liveli- hood in the world, or to advance our material Interests. Educa- tion must be the forming of the whole man: and what sort of man is he who is only a tradesman? This is a question which concerns as all, for all of as are tradesmen alike. Trade consists not is what we learn or do, but in our motive for learning and doing lt. - The carpenter is an artist if he works for the satisfac tion of his own taste, and the Improvement of his own skill ; he Is so far fallowing a liberal pursuit; the painter or poet is a tradesman if he employs his genius for gain at the bidding of an employer: he is so far practising a mercenary art. There is no disgrace in this Most men are obliged to be architects of their own fortune, and to win bread by the sweat of the brow or the brain. And the labourer is worthy of his hire. Whether he be king or clergyman, lawyer, soldier, physician, professor, mer- chant, dealer, or artizan, he is worthy of his wage, and he need not blush to claim it, if only ? this ls not his highest reward. . Here lies his danger; for so far as he is a tradesman and sells his body or his mind for gold, gold is his highest -his only remuneration. There were evangelists in St Paul's time who were " hucksters of the Word of God ; " there are men of genius still who prostitute their gift of God to Mammon. We distinguish, says Sir William Hamilton, some professions as " liberal ; " the expression is inaccurate, and even self- contradictory. There are, no doubt, some callings which "require a higher cultivation of the higher faculties than others;" and so glvo greater opportu- nity, daring tho period of apprenticeship, of awaking and foster ing the true flame of divinity in man's head ; tho generous un questioning worship and love of truth : the frank and fearless do votion to it, without care or hope of consequences; the noble temper of tho Greek hero-" kill me, but give me light." Con- sidered In reference to its end, no profession can be liberal— theology no more than pedlary. Considered In reference to his edu- cation, no tradesman ought to be less a gentleman than another -the day labourer than the Minister of the State. Every man who works for bis living, says a groat political writer, ls to that extent a slave; those who live by their wits equally with those who toil with their hands.-you and I, my learned brother, however we may disguise the fact by gorgeous robes and pompous titles, as much as Elisha at the plough-tail and Simon in the tar-pit, happy if we too be counted worthy to be prophets of God or hosts of aa Apostle. I do not say that we are slaves : but if we retain our liberty it is by virtue of our non- professional education, and exactly in proportion as we cultivate knowledge and practise employments from which wo cannot ex- pect any personal gain or advantage. Our professional training, whatever that profession be, so far froon being the exclusive object of our education, should be Its least important part, strictly limited to that minimum which ls consistent with oar efficiency as workmen. A man may be independent and a tradesman, but not an independent tradesman, and the reason is obvious. No matter how high, how even sacred the truths which my vocation requires me to study; how noble the facul- ties which that study develops,-I am studying not truths but means of gain; I am cultivating my energies not for self-im provement but as instruments of service to my customers. Call them what you will—audience, clients, flock, patients, pupils, employers-their requirement, and wishes, not my own in- clination, determine the measure of attention which I must pay to the truths which I Investigate ; I may not balance their Intrinsic importance; their import to me is the revenue which accrues from them. I may not wrestle with nature until she yields her precious and coveted secret ; my clients grow im patient whilst I devote to knowledge the energies which they have bought. From the most interesting inquiry I must turn away, at the beck of those for whose convenience I travail, not for my own improvement. They must direct and control the exercise of my reason; it is well If they do not pervert my judg- ment and corrupt my honesty. '* Il faut vivre," says the French- man : and the naive avowal excuses a depth of baseness, of which it in as well not to ask ourselves whether we are ever guilty. This difficulty, profoundly felt by the ancients, is the key to many peculiarities in their civilisation, which at first revolt us as nar- row-minded prejudice. Often mechanical arts,and even literature and science, were committed to slaves ; the free citizens learning only for curiosity or amusement, but never professing them. In some cities, artisans were debarred from the privileges of citizenship ; in almost all, the profession of a paid teacher of literature or philosophy brought with it a slur and reproach. Hence, also, they made tho dignified offices of State honorary. The same feeling produced in after-ages the endowments of churches and universities. Now, whatever we may think of those opinions and institutions es solutions of the problem-the problem Itself we munt recognise os one of the most vital and significant. " How shall the study and enunciation of the high- est truths, the cultivation of tho nobler powers, the disoharge of the functions most important to the common weal, be secured under cironmstances favourable to the Integrity and impartiality of our thinkers and statesmen? how shall Balaams be excluded from our pulpits, and Pilates from our judgment-seats ? how shall we attain the comfortable conviction that our prophets prophesy not as the people will to have it, but as conscience and duty command?" Tho only answer is, by educating men in the true spirit of your utilitarian maxim—not in Its perverse and distorted limitation. Make them not only nor chiefly tradesmen, but citizens, men, inheritors of a divine being and immortal destiny. The spirit of trade can never be that of the martyr or apostle. Demetrius the silver- smith was zealous for his sliver shrines. Birmingham supplies arms to the enemies of England: Manchester weighs the in terests of nations in the balance of tho market. If thou art only a tradesman, worthy friend, and viewest all things through the spectacles of gain, be thou petty huckster or royal merchant, eloquent divine or accomplished lawyer, learned scholar oi subtle philosopher,—thou art not thy own but bought with a price, body and spirit—the property of others and sport of their caprices; having nothing left of thy own wherewith to serve God, to profit thy neighbour, to save thy soul from death. When Napoleon called us a nation of shopkeepers he meant that with us the measure and standard of all things is the pocket. If his taunt was ill- deserved : if tho English people -though their im agination does not lead them through morass and mire In pursuit of a will-o'-the-wisp, which the French call an idea," and which means self-aggrandisement—follow the steady course of duty, calm and unmoved by dangers and diffi culties, shrinking at no sacrifices, and careless of all material considerations,-It is due to this that English éducation is of all others the least professional. Our fault Hes rather in the absence of special training than in Its undue prominence. What ever be their future destiny, our children are subjected to an al- most identical discipline. The error may require amendment ; it is, at all events, on the 'safer side. It is easy for a man with a mind generally well cultivated to acquire any special dexterity which he may need ; no mere craft-skill will develop his proper humanity, or fit him to be a worthy member of the community. Competitive examinations, now so mach, the fashion, if they seriously alter our practice in this behalf, will be produo tive of evil rather than of good. The men who are qualified for public service are not mere clerks ; ready-made toys in a Bir mingham factory ; swaddled in red tape, and fed upon official re ports and Cocker's arithmetic ;-whose world is bounded by the counting-house or office ; who have no sympathies beyond" the service :"-but men who know their own part in the general organisation ; who share in the interest of every member in the body politic : who have learnt that the truest test and most precious reward of virtue is the partaking of God's own most blessed attribute,-the gift of our ever extending and deepening tenderness and reverence for mankind. For this, amongst other reasons, com- mon schools may plead their superiority over denominational They also are a protest against, trade education, against that is' the barrier of mutual ignorance and unfounded prejudice, by, which the associations of sectarianism close our hearts against our fellows. So long as our schools shall be merely the rehearsal of a shibboleth: our moral trainings microscopic lens beneath which, our trivial badges of distinction, creeds, nationalities, occupations, are ever paraded in hideous exaggeration,-so long must charity be a mockery and hypocrisy, and society an armed truce. Clanship, civil or ecclesiastical, is rebuilding the Tower of Babel ; and can issue only in confusion of tongues and division of hearts. We had already raised the pean for the overthrow of class legislation and class misunderstanding. Every unnecessary separation will set up this partition wall anew; and in Sydney the reactionary tendency is already too apparent. Already Asso- ciations have sprung up around us. abjuring our catholic union in the cause of morality and science, defacing our fair, neutral ground by the noise of hostile arms and tho flaunting of rival symbols. All this dissension is unconsciously aided by the per. version of utilitarianism, of which we have been speaking. Jealousy and reparation are eanally hideoasand fatal,in whatever guise they appear, and they would be the inevitable consequence of secular as of religious clanship and exclusiveness. ' It is time for those who yet believe that we are one man's children and have a common work to do In His honor, and our mutual edifica- tion, too hard for solitary exertion, too noble for selfish ambition -to be very watchful against any attempt, however insidious and indirect, to unloosen the bonds of our newly and scarce cemented brotherhood. To what do these observations tend ? To this : that as all iastita . tions must ba judged by their fruit, so the Mechanics' School of Arts mast be prepared to show of what practical use it is to this community. Self-examination is always better than the censure of others: and for such examination our inaugural lectures ara perhaps the most appropriate season. That there is soma ao nowledged want which tbese Instltntiona aro adapted orexpec* ted ta supply, ls witnessed hythe gratifying fact of their multi- plication. Notwithstanding the unfavourable circumstances to which i have alluded, our mother-school has sent forth oolonies into every suburb: and the example has tong since been followed in every provincial town and populous neighbourhood. Have we then ooasidered what ts tho work which we have uudertaken to accomplish? and are we pursuing the right road toits accomplish- ment? It we find that our task has grown upon our hands, and that the original dimensions of our Boheme must he enlarged to meet our present wants, this ls rather a sign of encouragement than of disappointment. If, on the other hand, we discover that our Immediate ambition has soared too high, and that in order ultimately to attain that elevation, we must, for the present be oontent with a lower place and a humbler oOloo ; this also ls a mark of progress, the inevitable progress of all trne work, from the first enthusiastic oonoeption of the end to tho sobor consideration of our praotloal appliances. Now both these things have taken place. Wo have fallen short of our full pro- portions as an o.luoatlonat institute, and we have expected too mach la the sphere to which wo have oontraoted our operations. We have fatten Bbort, not because we -were inadequate-lo our duty, but because our daty has Krown around ns lmnerooptibly and unceasingly. B ilween the day when these sohools were first founded to instruct tba raeohanlo in the theory of bis art, and no*v, st ootnpMts revolution has taken ptaoe. Without abandon- ing oar original design, we have superadded so much thut it oan scarcely be recognised. Wo inalado now amongst our members, not mechanics alone, bat all those who sro conscious that edu- cation is the work of a life-time, not of a few years ; and by education we understand ° everything which con- tributes to furnish . man with those powers and motives wbioh will enable him faithfully to fill fl I the mission assigned to him in this world. This gradual expan- sion of our field of labour has, perhaps, tsken ns unawaros ; and so we are not prepared with suitable machinery, and have again to alt down and consider what rojonrces we have to meet our growing responsibilities. Tho sum of our Investigation is this : we have hitherto confined ourselves too mnoh to our oriainal pattern, the mere communication of knowledge; and negleatedthe equally ' important and more pressing olemont of social improve- ment. Again, in the department whiah wo have attempted, our atm hat been beyond our powers. Suooees Is only possible by the aid of the same aoolal élément This will becomo clear if we briefly review the history of th« past three years. When last I had the honour to stand in thia plaao, at the commencement of the lecture season of 1857. wo had framed for ourselves a traly comprehensive programme. Everything was on A grand scale. The London Society of Arts was our medal. We were to estab- lish a confederation of all sister Institutions ia this, perhaps, in, neighbonrlng oolonies. We proposed examination« In avery department of literatura and salenoe, stimulated by appropriate rewards. An annual exhibition was projooied, in willah models of useful inventions and works of asthetio art were to hold a oonsplaaous plsse; finally, honours were to be adjudged and distributed in a oongreas of the whole confederation, at whloh also should bo diaonnsed questions re- lating to our Internalorganlsatlon or our social mission. I need not here relate Ibo history of the steps whloh nive been taken in furtheranoo sf this design, and of tholr comparative failures. Hitherto it mnst be confessed oar performance has not corresponded lo our anlioiDutlons. It does not follow thut these anticipations wore extrnvag int, or must be abandoned; it follows only that wa have santahed at the prize bofore we have won the fight, or neglected eomo condition of vlotiry. Both are true. In the meantime, lt is always best that theoonooptton should exoeod the immediate possibility. The faith and hope, which lay the foundation, aro In somo respects moro blessed than the trium- phant joy whloh puts on tho coplngstone. At all events, they are the peculiar graces of a young and unhistorloal sooiety. lt may be that wo have traced a plan whioh oar poaterlty alone oan oomplete. Wo have net the less done a Rood work, if the edifice be in itself useful, and oapable of adéquate extension. That it is so, is abundantly preved by the suooess of similar undertakings in England, and their acknowledged advantages. If wo will hut sow our seed In faith, sud water lt with pa'.ient porseveranoo, perhaps we may not pass away without tokons that our utmost wishes will at last be realised.. I would not retrenou a single chamber, nor abate the fair proportions or the topmost plnnaolo ; only I would be oontent to see the stately pile whioh my imagina- tions has reared-as In a far off dream-Uko the arahtteots of old, trailing that posterity will nooopt tho inheritance, and " praise my saying " - . The maohinery which we havo hitherto emptoyod has been mainly directed to formaX instructions. Publia lectures, oooa slonal or serial ; classes; the reading-room, and lending library! the debating sooiety, or class of rantnal . improvement-these comprise our present appllaooes. On a former ooonslon I ox. pressed my opinion that something more and different was needed to give them due effeot.. Expórtenos has strengthened ourooDylotloo.andgives definiteness to onr alms: and I bolievc Toannot better ompWth. tjmo whloh your padenoo may yoi allow me, than In giving you a ort.r .im,ríot of the reasons and tho nature of the changes, or rather addition» propose! nnd nartl] inaugurated In our system. First then, under existing- drouin elanoes, neithor our olasseB nor our leotures have attained tho standard'af our ambition. Our classes are fow In number, woak in strength, tltrul in diligence. Tue reason ls clear and funda, montnl. If a people's college ls possible at all, lt will not bc through oar organisation. We neither have nor can bavo no ade mío discipline; we oannot enforce or recommend tx partloutai line of Blady ; nor compel attendance, nor the performances ol the necessary exerotsos. It wonld bo a fatal mis-akt to withdraw ohildren earlier from sehet under .thc impression that the loss may bo supplied by the Mechanics' Injtltnte; still moro fatal to suppose that our oleases can olthoi supersede or compote with schools. I by no means say that om class system is entirely Inoperative ; far leas would I abolish or discourage its extension so far as it is demandad by our mern bera. Classes will always he required, ta rasot coses in vorlaut ways exooptional.lf our new system prosper,1 even augurio thorr a very oonslderablo oxpansionand Inoreaso of vigour. Even non it would be thankless not to acknowledge tba zeal and punctual it] displayed by some of our students, end not to ba proud of theil proficiency. Still wo mast not overrate1 tho value of the assist' ance which we cen ronlier. It ls, aftor all, very little, and not 01 pablo of indefinite increaso. This ls partly true even of thr singing and drawing classes. Especially valuable at prosont, thej ;wlll,in timo, if not give woy, at least booome euboidlnalo tc regular aoademios of mnala anil sohools of doslgn, whoso eaton UsUment ls much lo bo desired. This view of our poslti >n need not mortify us-our watohword is utility, not grossness. It is not I b Heve, in this department that our highest usefulness is to bc fonnd. At tho present time I am Inclined to think that our classée chiefly serve as a.- protest against insufflaient ' ,eda cation. - -May they Inarease tho oonscionsnoss of ¿thal dofloienoy. and soatimulato oar ardour for Its romovil.that laying aBideall folly, jealousies andseotarlon prejudices, we may Join hand in band to further the common cause, without the roproaob of compromise.ortho susploion of proselytism. Of lootureB.aa our reports yesr hy year informs us, wolhavo, in the 'ry, two dis tinct series. 1. Courses devotod to tho systematic oommunlon lion of some scionoe or branch of literature, and maintained, ol oaarse, hy the feos of the pupils. 2. Uratnltousjleolures.'delivereil woekly, during the winter half year, on sabjeots chosen by the lecturers themsolvoB. Of the former we will not glvo up hope; bat we must confess that they are not yet practically demanded, nor have we reason to believe that this is a quoetion of expense or that, if freo of charge, they would bo largely attended. Of the -ocasional leoturers.it wonld be ungrateful and antra* to spenk In terms of disparagement. We owe to them great and elgnal be- nefits, and they continua to provide Interesting and profitable entertainments to a large nnmbor of our ossooiatea, and of thc general public. Indeed, a season seldom pasaos whioh 1B no! memorable for some lectures whloh wonld attract attention lc the lesrnsd circles of London., Within a few months we have been delighted by graphio narratives of personal observations in fo reign lands.by cloar elucidations of natural phenomona : by pro found and original reflections of a master of tho Imagination anO the higher roason. I oannot look at this deBk without recalling one or two well-known and loved forms.-ono moy I not specify though rospect forbids mo to utter his name.-whose massive brow and earnest eyas comhlne deep thought with the loveliesl attribute of genios, trn-lerness- whose etoqnenoe flows from Upi touched with a living eoal from the altar of tho God of truth and lovo. Bat even to this picture there ls a reverse, as tho Looturc Committee well know. AtleaBtlootures oro an occasional zBSt thoy aro no substituto for regular food ; they may enoonrage flag ging industry ; may rekindle the dying cmbors of enthnsiasm ut they oannot sustain tho zea) whioh they havo InBpirod.noi keep the saoroi1 firo alive in the heart, nor persuade tbe vision o i boauty to enter in and abide with ns : their effect ls transient, ami often as unprofitable as the words of ths Prophet to whloh thi people listened with a delight forgotten ere the last aooent diet away upon their ears. And I am afra d that even in this I i ml lei Boneo ali leotures are nat interesting. An occasional lecturi must express fresh feeling and earnest enthusiasm. Whatevei his suhjeot, to he effective the lecturer should bo i kind of apostlo. And it is not always easy to find twentj poople who have areal message to deliver year by year* Hov often does tho tectarorspeak rather from a sense of official duty or social benevolence, than because his spirit ls moved to impsr that which nature or reflection has revealed to his solitary mas ings or hie active experience ! How often have I seen my un happy hearers Bitting with stiff and dasperate rosolation-rigli in body, sorely straitened in mind-with an amiable self-decel trying lo fanoy that they did not know all this hefore.or oonld no learn it moah more agreeably at tho closet ar the fire-side-tslk frowning with an air of intense interest, and honeat Christopher Sly's comment trembling on their tongaas. " a very good lector this, Madam wife, would it were done until at last doliveroi from penanoe they draw a long sigh of relief and rush into tin fresh free air, reiterating their assaranoa with positive voice am Inward misgiving,-" that they have spent an evening tmprovini as it was dall ; that they have not suffered nor he indicted suffei lng in vain." Lectures are like sermons ; the effeot of preaching does not dc pend BO mnoh apon wit or wisdom as npon earnestness. Thc gil of oratory, properly sa called, depends npon constitntional tern perament, and oannot he acquired. No atady, however judicioui or practice however unremitting, could create the mosmeri powerwhiea nature, unabated, bestows upon a Spurgeon o a Chalmers. Neither will mere labour enable ns to acquire th brilliant imagination and comprehensiva philosophy or Bnrkt the chaste »lyle and logical subtlety of G laiistone. Bot ta ho ai effective and interesting speaker, yon need not become a Cha mers or a Darke. Ali that yon noed ls, to believe from yon heart that what yon have to say la true, and nearly oonoorna you hearers* welfare. Genuine thought or feeling, though il boneltlio acute nor original, never fails to excite correspondent emotion) Want of cleverness never makes a sermon stupid. When wo el listening in ats of alternate drowsiness and irritation, to som Idreary harangue, fury lng the ichool.boT»whom the tmadle a cane falla to awake from hie slumbers, or vainly* attempting to an ti ni. pato the conclusion of those interminable sentence*1 which the speaker pours forth with monstrous and ceaseless flow, like the i tape fro aa the month oí sn Indian jugglerT- whence does oar weariness arise? If not from our own fault, from toAcbseuce of reality in the oritur. tl o that tells us what be hos himself heard and seen, holds attention captive, however remote the change from * onr ordi- nary associations, or foreign to our tastes. A good* parish priest is never tedious, though he may be tho reverse of brilliant. He that lives amongst his people mingles In their affairs, share* their pleasures and pains, knows their trials, sorrows, and joys, has always a word in season, which rings clear and life lUke to those also whom all does not immediately concern. But the mere maa of the study, though he dazzle us with his fancy, and oon found with his skill, though he crushes beneath the weight of learning or despatches with the keenness of logic-thoa gb; or rather because, as the people say, he speaks like a book, is often tiresome and unimpressive. The subjects of our desultory lec- tores must commonly have ft close relation to the passions and oonoerns of common humanity. Even If they |have not, the lec- turer ooght to possess the art of exciting his hearers' sympathy,, and putting himself on a footing of good understanding with1 ! them. His heart must ge out tn them, and attract them with the ' mesmerism of earnest conviction. This ts one of the par poi oe ' whioh wo hopo to serve by the soded evenings lately inaugurated in this Hall. Libraries and- reading-rooms are not enough* for the education of popular lecturers. We cannot.indeed, exag- gerate their pro Der usefulness. But they will not do all. They will not* translate thought fron* a thing into a person : or ololhe the dry bones of argument with a warm and graolous bunao form ; or Infuse into the marble of the poet, a living aonl. No mau reads to any purpose who doe» nothing but read. To read Is to become personally acquainted with your author and to carry on a conversation with him'. The moment you leave off answering and asking him questions, the light fades from his pages, and the sense from his words. Every good book ls a con- versation, or rather one side of a conversation. Plato called the highest philosophy the " science of oonversatlo i." There ls no great master whose works are not dialogues in essence If not in form. In what does a well written dialogue differ from a tame one? not necessarily in the closeness of the reasoning, the beauty of the language, the justness or importance of otie senti- ments ; but In the natural and easy development of charaotor ; or the artful though indirect display of the mutual action and reac- tion of temper, clroamstanoe, and opinion. ** These knotty syllogisms," cries a despairing Interlocutor in Cloero, " compel me to confess, but do not win my assent. lam not convinced. The moment I forget reason and consequent I revert with un- diminished faith lo my old doctrino." No truth was ever estab- lished nor refuted by logical rules. We prefer Pl ito to Aristotle just as we yield the palm to dramatic poetry; as biographies are more popular than histories,and novels supersede trellises on morals. . We want to know not what is thought and how it la proved; what was done and how it ended; but who are the men that act and think, and how came they by that conduct and those principles. It is this deeper insight into ultimate causes, and not the shallow conclusiveness of disputation that commends a book to our Inward consciences. This is the talisman of genius ; the shook which thrills through every human breast Now, no author can talk to his reader; none caa paint a real character until he can put himself into their places. This ready sympathy, though as a capaolty lt It the best endowment of genius, can never be perfected inti a habit without the earnest o om me roe of the world. No poet is a mero book man. 8tuients indeed they are, bat oftener In the field, the mart, the social circle than lu the closet They consult books as holding counsel with dead er absont friends: bnt they take nothing upon trust; accept nothing; above all teach nothing until it ls. translated and interpreted by their own experience or consciousness. Of all the superstitions of the day this of book-learning soems to me the worst if uncorrected by active commerce with mankind.. At collego it la proverbial that more Ia learned by tho collision of minds, aa well as tn the hours of relaxation aa lathe duties of ths class-room than by atl the comments of the tutor or the vo- lumes of philosophers and poets-moro,, indeed, of the real meaning of the poets and philosophers themselves. What are classical writers ? They who keep their ground from age to age amidst the ruin of empires, tho dooayof nations, the ob- livion of systems and thoarlos-who confer a po rp o tu al life upon? tho tongues in which they wrote, and make distant times and places nearer, their manners more familiar than our own, by the eternal spirit of humanity which b roath es in their pages. They are simply natural. Neither the Intellectual vigour nor tbe splendour of the soenoB, nor tho Importance of the events whioh they desoribe,'* but the human heart within them-gives them their power to thrill" ages most remote and races least con- genial to their own. Why ia it that we weep and rejoice, struggle, conquer, or fall with Socrates, Pericles«. Demosthenes, but because they speak to us fresh from their experience, not tram m oiled by conventional roles ? Thoy brash aside accidental distinctions of dress, accent, association, and eater straight Into tho holy of holies» where Ute sacred flame is ever burning. Wo know the "men and their communication" a« Intimately as if they had lisped at the same mother's fanae. We know them, that ls, so far as their part is coaoerned. They erwak as men to mon, beaauso thoy lived amongst men ; and treated Uto not as a pastime nor a shadow, but a« aa undying reality. How shall we understand their speech? By becoming men ourselves. Bright and vivid as aro their pages, wo may pore over thom for evor and get no light-no more light than one who should examine a picture of Uaffaelc without having drank from the'same well of inspiration. We must do as they did ; liva as they lived, " lu the midst of the congregation," seeing men not " as trees walk- ing" but heart to heart and eyo to eye, as the mirror of eoalat charities and holy love, ia business dooling*, in montai communion. The nearest approach which our sohool affords to this practical education, Is the debating society " or class of mutual improve- ment" I think wo may bo proud of this class, type as it is of the An alo. Saxon character. Foreigners notice sometimes with ad- miration, sometimes with a sneer, tho parliamentary Instinct whioh seems as inherent in oar people as fleetness In greyhounds or scent in the pointer. 11 We lisp" not indeed " In numbers," but In periods of debate. Every sohool boy can address the chair. I am not sure that May's praotloo is not better observed InPltt etreetlhan by the subjects of Mr. Marrey. Even our ladles oan organise committees, and conduct deliberations with a faultless precision and decorum. I am inollned to piuco groat rolianoe upon this part of our organisation. I am quite aware of tho dangora which attend readiness of snoeoh without solidity of thought and real Information ; nor do I oxpeot from our debates in thia Hall, unsupported by other training, any considerable in- órense to our knowledge or improvement to our tasto. Oue thlug they givo us: they humanité thought; they do that on the necessity of which I have so often insisted. Thoy wean us from abstract logic, and teach usHo inalado in our censure of human opinions and principles other and moro 01 gent elements than the fleshless doduotlon* of the Bohool learning, tho pre- idaralte world of the cloistered pedant And In a society like oura, whero the ourront of opinion is absolutely freo, and whero every man Ia ordained by Naturo herself to preach to others the truths which he hos reoelved. Lord Brougham's advice to Zachary Macaulay comes with tenfold significance. We must all bo speakers In our way, unless we aro content to bo useless lu our generation. And the counsel of tho " old man olnqueat" is, first learn to speak fluently, and thon think of speaking well. There is profound wisdom in this opinion. It ls the secret upon whioh the excel- lence of British education is founded. The method of our English sohoola is, in one word,1* constant exeroise,** A British eohooi-boy bogins the first day to depend upon hlmsolf. Whatever ho learns he ls required without delay to put In Eraotloe. From the lowest to the highest boy the main aslness of each day is the attempt to express in year own words and employ for your awn purposes the knowledge whioh you have acquired from living or dead instructors. Henos arises that self rollanoo and fertility of resource whioh Is oar national boast. -Our yoong men. If they know nothing else, oan handle their minds, and aro completely at home amidst the moat unfamiliar scenes, and the most untoward accldonts. President Rolln seems to mo to occupy a position on'y sooond in importance to tho spouter himself. But I have one serious fault to find both with this and tho only other so ol al element in oar Institution- tho Beading room. They are, whether from necessity or not, con- fined io the male sex. I know that thia subject craves wary handling. In itself the most serious-that oan engage our atten- tion, it has been so travestied by flippant frivolity that an apology ls required for Introducing it on serious occasions. I shall maka no such apology. ' I never was a lady's man, and my aga and pro- fession sufficiently vindicato mo from the suspicion of impertinent flattery or unmeaning jesting. I have, therefore, no fear In saying that I believe the most formidable amongst our soo I al dangers ls the increasing separa- tion of our young men from the companionship of puro ana re- fined women. Until we can strike this evil to tho heart, all efforts are worse than vain to check Intemperance and immorality. So far as we even Indirectly countenance lt, we are guilty of tho moral and spiritual death of those, whom we profess to aid. For myself, I confess that I entertain a dally growing misgiving with reaoeot to clubs and to all other Institutions whioh encourage the exclusive assemblage of men. From the beginning the law waa announced-never questioned, evor neglected-"It is not good for man to bo alone" Even tho Greeks, with their Eastern babita and outdoor life, knew and taught thut tho family ls the palladium of national morality. Their philosopher, appre- ciation of womau's part in human regeneration might pat to shame tho praotloo of Christian - nations,- and oven the spéculations of some Christian divinos. Can the Sohool of Arts do anything In this distress? I think, yes. It used to be o fun dam on Ul maxim that a man's day should bo divided into three parts-one devoted to bus!noss ; a second to the cultivation of some liberal solenoe or art, as a protection against what wo havo called tho spirit of trade; the third, and not tho least important, to social recreation and the interchange of optnion'and fooling. Upon this last, at the present time, wo cannot but be convinced, depends the continuance of religion and morality amongst as, or rather, their restoration. Against vicious and degrading pleasuros gaols and churches ara equally unavailing. Our pulpits may threaten, warn, entreat; our laws may fulminate, our judges condemn, without diminishing by one lota tho catalogue of misery and crlmo. We have dode norning until tho temptations to unlawful Indulgences nro, I will not say, removed-thalia Impossible,perhaps not desirable, but oountor actod by the attraction of enjoymants at onoo interesting and innocent: whioh cultivate tho affections and satisfy tho taBto without leaving a fiting behind. No doubt the surest ark of safety is a happy and well-ordered home. We English aro wont to boast of our domestic qualities. Will our vaunt bear Impartial scrutiny? Is lt amongst, us that tho groatoBt inducements and rewards are hold out to marriage ? Or is not tho access to the purest shrine of natural religion fenced In, except to the chosen few, with Insurmountable barriers, and the bursting of those barriers denounced as a deadly sin ? Thero is in England, and in all English colonies, a fatal and accursed passion for display, which practically cuts off from our young mon, daring the most critical period of their aaroer, the holy influence of wedded life-nay, in Sydney, of:on from all intercourse with virtuous and educated women. Wo cannot marry except to luxury and affluence. Character, industry, oven prospoots of sucaess, are not enough. We are haunted hythe fear of a mls- allinnoe; we guard oar daughters like dragons from that love which might have to be purchased at the oxponno of some temporary inconvenience sr self-denial. In France or G ormany, mon may marry without loss of caste, with scarcely a material diminution in luxuriös, who by our barbarous social code aro condemned to a perpetual bachelor- hood ; women who, amongst us, aro as waifs thrown np by the tide, without place or homo for the affections, are, In every other civilised country, the happy centres of domestic charities. lt wero gr0iuly to bo wished thst the growth of international communication might awaken In our people a wise appreciation of our neighbour's simple tastes, and an honest shame of our own refined sensuality. This and this alone is the Sanaca» a of oar most grevions social evil. Daro we expect this ? o: at least not for many years. We must still go on preferring the shadow to the substance ; wasting in comfortless pomp and show that which would buy the priceless peart of pure affection ; and.we must still consign our mon to dreary selfishness, our women to abarren and aimless desolation. And what, mean- while, are we to do with the victims of our gross and brutal sys- tem ? What is to become of the young prople whom our heart- less worldliness forbids to taste the mont purifying gift of Ood? The Schools of Art may do something, ho wo vor little, byway of example. They may even perh'ps, be the cloud no bigger than a man's hand which p mred at last richness and fertility over the dry and blasted land. In this effort, married people ought to boar their port It ls their interest os well as their duty. Domestic oflbctton, like other talents, lsgiven not for o um el vas alane. Selfishly boarded It corrupts Uko stagnant water: for our own sakes as woll as for others tt should bo diffused abroad. Tho family ls Indeed the nntt of civilisation: isolated It leads back to barbarism. In this respect also the English or our day have erred. Our national boast that svory man's house is his castle, ha«IbecnZexaggerated into a Chinese exclualalsm. All beyond tho sacred pale aro oater barbarians* we plant our arlllery against the friendly envoyas well as the ling of defiance. And so we are Imperilling the family itself. Tho heart of tho young longs for wider sympathies, and demands now associations. Nature In a thousand ways repeals tbe original decree" Go forth," and punishes those who disobey wi h physical disease and moral discord. It ts a spurious love which doos not sark to propagate tho plea- sures 'which It enjoys. Why can wo not emulate the social,-customs of our German cousins ? No man works harder than a German, his day is devoted to labour, of which no man, except a minister of State, can form, an Idea.- Yet; he wears better than we do, for his evening« ar» sacred to recreation. There are public promenades, where to the sound of military music, all classes, from the prince to the peasant, pass-and repass; not with the truculent English scowl, but with a smile which asserts and cements our human brother- hood. There are spectacles where the ease and comfort of tho poor- est is as carefully provided as that of the haughtiest noble ; there are social reunions, where with» .1 parade or cost we may unbend from the day's toils and cares. No splendid equipage, no luxuri- ous banquet—the friendly talk, the unpremeditated concert of music, the merry dance, offer to their several votaries the grati- fication of their peculiar taste. And so in unaffected and simple enjoyment tho evening wears away, till at an early hour they separate, invigorated and refreshed by the genial influence of friendly converse at a less expense than you and I have wasted upon nob- blers and tobacco and the noisy hubbub of unmirthful revelry, concluded, not Improbably, under the custody of tho guardians of the law. It is this conviction, that the primary and practical want of our community is the opportunity of refined and innocent recreation, and that thus, also, we shall best secure that collision of minds and Intellectual activity which at present fails our more ambi tious designs, we have determined to inaugurate, reunions of our members, free, as far as order will permit, from all parade or ceremonial. Our notion is to meet every fortnight, depending for our enter- tainment upon the voluntary contributions of the company. There will be nothing elaborate; nothing to shock the modest, or daunt the inexperienced- Last week we held our first friendly meeting, which wai devoted to reading luis plan whloh bas beten attended with.slgnal suooese>ia England, hat tueodvantago af requiring no original effort. We are all readers it thia a->aiety: no matter what oar favanrits vsni y may ba. Tho tastes af our mern tera ure osthottc. We auoopt «tl from Milton to tho Caudle lectures, ar stray pleoeefrorn ephemeral magazines Now every solitary reader conies sometimos up in paisas;-* .whioh lill his eye» with unwanted tear*, au oharacterlstla of all pure emotions, tn participate bis delight with others Thia ls just wb.ul wo intond to do. .6r»oll.kindly yearnings neod no longer return unto our own bosoms/ T~Only. dear frlonda. sat a acal ou th* fountains from whlofa you drunk oom fort, and shara their sparkling «raters with lar associates at tho next meeting. Amongst the collateral gains of this practloo, wa must uotovorloolc the cultivation of tasteful and articulât» reading. All of ns know what bail roadlng is ; and bow great ls the misery Indicted by a hurried, mumbling, unmusical speaker. Perhaps- we hardly think enonwh of dear speaking as a duty both toothers and ourselves. Toothers, uooause tba- nutrition of all unnecessary pala in tin ; and nothing la indifferent by whloh we may contribute even a little towards our neighbour's gratification. Tc ourselves, booauso thora.-ls a oloso oonneollon between distinctness of apeeoh and aocuracy'of thought. Homer's favourite opithot for mon ls " volon dlvhllng.** And lam eure that all schoolmasters will bear mo out tu tho aasortlon that the style In which, a lesson is read le generally u good Indication of the pupil's montai appreciation ; every seholar will oonfess that scolal reading:- opens a now world of meaning whieh no care or solitary study would havo lod us to suspeut. This ls an exercise whloh pre-eminently "blesses both alike, him that gives and him that takes." It ls also ono tn whioh a'l» ladles and gentlemen alike, cantalto part without effort. Wa ila not wish for dramatic exhibitions. Personally. I doubt whether they are the most favourable lo asubtla and delicate appreciation of the subject; atoll aveota, our wish and hope la that nothing profeasional or elsbo. at» may stiffen the o asa of our assemblies, or doter any from>oontriballng: 1» the general entertainment. ? ' It is not intended that these ovenings should ba spent lu resit- . lng. The attractions will, wo hopo, beoomo as varied us ib» tastes and pursuits of our aasooiatoa. It is essy to Imagine many me- thods of varying tho tonne. Wo forbear, because our olijeat is rn avoid all eppearauoeofformalltyor dictation; and rather to wat.J» than dlreot the development or our project. Aa a sproimeu, however, Lmay allude to toe-wondora of pnntography,and oftha mlorosoope. On- soma occasions models might bo exhibited and explained of meohanloal or other useful invention*. Hera we may lay the foundation of something whioh we havo bithortu vainly aonght. It is known to most of my aadlenoo that three years ago prizes, were offered for models of dwellln^-liouaos, suited lo tho use of our industrious classes; and others, subse- quently, fir kindred purposes. Up ,to this time no competitor ha« appeared. This backwardness arises from no defioionoy of meohanloal aklll amongst us. It ls simply want of habit The first step baa to be taken. If a man. hauntod byan idea which he thinks useful, knows that on a certain ovonlng ho will meet withoompatantand eympatbiting oritios.hs will oftoncurry toa suocessrul issus a gerin willoh might bavejpartsbed lor want-; of encouragement. Music will afford a means of amusement, at onos lnnoosnt and catholic. Wo may exactly follow Ul» example of Ihe- peoples* onncorU which emanated from our own society. And not tba least agreeable or interaating of our montlnjs wouid bo tboso which, unassigned to any definite subjoot beoaine. simple and unaffected oonveraszlones, in whioh kindred spirits might, aa the Groeka said, fan the flâroo of their oomuion, cathasiusia upon their favourite pursuits and studies. Those are few ainougat many methods by willoh at Uti Jo cost of personal Isbour and at moderate expenoo, wo might cultivate our social bcotborhood'and prornole¡at£once our moral and intellectual improvement, and the graolou -charities ofhuaitnlty. Whsthar Uko too many other falr-seeutng projects, it is destined te Sarish tn the bod for want cf porsovuranao and ovotlon on our part, I oannot foretell. Lot us will lt, and wo sbslt atioceed. Let us believe In our causa, and wo »hall willan eal seat and reaolvod offart, neither daunted by dlQlatUty^nor dlehoarlenad by the delay or disappointment of our hopes. What, if wensvarltva to se» the grain.rising above the furrows whioh wa have ploughed with unremitting toll, and watered »Uh Iovlugleare, God «alones over overy work of faith, offered ta lils glory and the BBrvica of His oreatures. He will ¿ive the lacreas* to Ute field of our labour In His good time, to us tn cur otra bosoms. Tba leoturer, who waa warmly applauded at intervals during the lentara, «ras, aa the motion of the Chairman, acoorded a vote of thanks at its oloae. The meeting then dispersad, ' 