ST JOHN'S COLLEGE. THE ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation stone of St. John's College, within the University of Sydney, took place yesterday.' The founding of the institution is regarded by the Roman Catholic commu nity as an event of more than ordinary importance, in as much as being affiliated to the splendid and richly adorned University of the colony, and being itself largely endowed by the Government, it will, as a purely denominational college; ocoupy a distinguished'position among the Boman Catholio educational institutions of the British 'Empire, and be* at the same time ai cen. flrmation of that charter of religlou.fi equality in regard of the Boman Catholio pürlion of tbe oommunity whioh waa established by Sir Richard Bourke. The result has boen, 'that .the large sum of money neoeSBary for the erection of tho college.. was subsoribed in a remarkably short time, and that nothing but tbs slight difficulty experienced in obtaining the royal sssent to the Aot of Incorporation, prevented the building having been by this time at an advanced stage ia the course of erection. The general subscription liBt, which was published sometime since, Bhtwed a total sum of nearly £21,000, which, with ' the equivalent amount wbicb-the Government are pledged to give, leaves st sum.of abouts£43,000 at tbe disposal of the managers of the institution. > About two thousand parsons attended yesterday to Witness the'oerempny of laying thi first stone; the multitude, comprising a large proportion1 of femklef, .arriving in every .description of vehicles, BB well, as on foot, for an nour preceding the, lime fixed for the eera mony, namely, eleven o'olook.', Tbe arrangements for carrying out the 'daj's "proceedings were very eflVotive. The whole'of the ground, comprising the area of the in. tended buildinp. w a enclosed by a rope fonce. ,On ont side of the enclosure, was eroded a epaoious platform, oovsrnd in with en awning. This was intended.for the use of those visitors whohad reoeived invitations, and fer their - families. At the end, ' and near tbe ppot wbere , the foundation stone was to : be laid, stood a smaller platform similarly proteo.ted from the rays of the sun, and intended for tho'Archbishop,, and the priocipal officiating olergymen.1 Around the en- closure wero' stationed a number of policemen, ' who efficiently performed the duty of keeping the crowd from preB6ing fur »ord so as to diBturb the ceremonial. Soma showers of rain fell during the oeremony, but the mois (ure was too slight to create ' any considerable inoon. venience. - 1 Invitations had been issued to the ofBaers of the Syd. ney University, to the members of both bmnob.es of the Legislature, and lo some other gentlemen. .' Among those who attended in compliance with these invitations were the Governor-General, who came as Visitor of the University; Mr. Merewether, Sir Alfred Stephen, and Dr. O'Brien, members of the Senate of the University, and Mr. Kennedy, the Registrar. We also observed on the ground Mr. Cape, M.L.A. ; Mr. Hay, M.L.A. ; Mri Hieronymus, M.L.A.¡Mr. Hart, M.L.A. ; and several other gentlemen well known in publio life. 1 ? I A little after ll o'olook, a prooeBsion having been, formed at the' school- houso, situates couple of hundred yards from the site of the collt jo, advanced in' the fol-', lowing order:- ' ? . . ? ¡ K< ?'? Croea..? ? . < Young Men'e Society.' , Cbrlatlan Dootrino Society. ? . I Holy Catholio Onlld. Studonta from Lyndhurst College. . Fellows ol St. John's College. . Acolytes. Processional Cross.. _ Acolytes., . Cross. The Clergy eeoordlng to seniority. The ' (orgy of the Cathedral. "'iht Rev. Abbot Gregor Arohiepiaoopal Croea. Right Rev. Abbot Gregory. Arohiepiaoopat Croai Assistant Prient. . Assistant Deacons. HIa Grace tba Arcbblsbop. ' Train, bearers. Book and Candle Beaters. The Bev. Mr. Curtis, officiated qa lead.r of the choir ; the Bev. Mr. Sheehy as master of the ceremonies. 'Among' tbe olergymen present were the Very'Bev»' Dean O'Connell; the Very Hov. Deon Sumner, tho Rev.; Mr. Therry, the Bev. Mr. Sheridan, the Bev. Mr. Corisb,. the Bev. M. Ponpinelle, tbe Bev. Mr, Hanley- the Bev.: Mr. Keating, the Bev. Mr. Fowell, the Rev. Mr. Am. brosoli, »nd the Bev. Mr. Kenyon. The procession having entered the enclosure, and th»1 Arohbisbop and the assistant olergy having ascended the: platform before mentioned, His GRACE proceeded to address the assemblage.. He asid, that with tba objeot which had brought then to. gether tbat day they were all moro or less familiar, but it would nut bo amiss to refer to what their blessed Lord did on that occasion through their instrumentality, aad to what the ohuroh taught them to do. They were thankful for the privilege whioh they enjoyed from God of laying, that day, the foundation stone of the Chapel and' College of St. John, and ii any of those kind friends'who Dot being of their religious belief, attended there that; day, did not sanotion their attaching so muoh importance', lo ceremonies of this nature, he would ask them to, bear in mind this one fdot, that tbs very ritual wbich guided them tbat day. guided the lips ' and hands of those.: who laid tbe foundations of the cathedrals and minsterav of their native land-those splendid piles, wo-eh io the. days of their youth exoited so much their admiration.' It was indeed to them a matter' for deip reflection, that they were not deemed unworthy to tre ad in the footsteps - of the Edmunds and Alfreds of old, and they ought to believe so, to tb ink and feel, that they might aot be un- worthy euoceisors to those whom they revered and ? loved as the founders of the Christian Cbureh io Eng-' land and in Ireland. It would indeed be a proud thing: tb be ebie to point to euoh institutions ss this, when, by the agency of the eleotrio spark, they would be enabled. to communicate instantaneously with their friends end ' kindred in their father land, and when they were told that those whom perhaps they relieved to be numbered amongst the deed,, still breathed love for ' them in the temples and homes whioh they knew in (heir youth. The uncertainty ' of the weather would.not permit him to enter inlo a full detail of the ceremonios thoy were about to perform that day; hs would simply remark that they wera the oere- < monies of the Old L»w, deriving all their efflosoy from tba merits of the death of our Lord and Saviour Jesus .' Christ. What was the objeot of the benediction to be pronounced on that occasion f To take away a portion' of that ourse which fell upon all things wheo man fell away from his allegiance to God. St. Paul told. them, that every oreature might be sanctified by the Word of God end by Prayer. Now that was what they wiro about to do. Of old the priests of God were accustomed to spread theit hands ovfr the saoriflacs, and they knew ia - wt et a solemn manner the great Temple was oanse orated, because tho glory of God wes to be seen thereto.. Our Lord blessed the bread ' and the flsbeB when He workod the miracle; and the church thus reoeived not only tho example, but also the power to redeem from tbe dominion of Satan that which he consecrated. The sign of tbe oross waa that formula in which the Word or God, and the prayer spoken of by St. Paul were to bs found ; for when they made thiB sign of the oross they .' shewed that bo who was God from the ' beginning vouchsafed to become man, and to die ' on the cross,. Again, when they made the sign of tba crosi, th?y ac- knowledged that all sraoes esme from Jesus Christ, and ' expressed confidence that their prayer would be granted ' ibrougb the merits of His death aa the cross. VVas there anything superstitious in this 1 On tho oontraryr did not the sign preach most significantly of Christ '. cruolfl-d? and expressing a hops'thst that sacred sign ' would have tho elf, ot of oonducting their undertaking ' to a blessed termination, lot them now proserd to go '?> through the work prescribed by the saored ritu< 1. His Grace then descended, and went through tho oororai ny of blessing tho stone, the ohoir chanting the ar propriété hymns. At a subsequent period his Graso again descended, and ? The Very Eev. Dean O'CONNELL, SS Btotor, present-' Inp: him with the trowel, said, that on the part of tho . F.llows of St, John's College, he presented him with' that trowel, lo be used on thiB glorious occasion, pray- ' lng that bis Ornoo might long life to preside ss patron over the ixaell'nt institution of whioh they were about to lay the foundation. Tbs ohoir still chanting lb Gregorian strains tho ap. proprlate hymn«, the stone, whioh wis mounted on oaoli of the four sidos and on tho top with ? oross, wai then lowered Into its position, his GUAGE repeating in Latin Ibo following words:-"In tho faith of Jesus Christ, we Rot this first stone in this foundation : Io the name of the Father,.and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may. flourish here, snd the fear of God, and brotherly lore, and thst this plaoe msy be devoted to- . prayer, and lo the invocation and praise of the esme of the Bama J sus Christ our Lord, who, with the Father . snd the Holy Gbcst, liveth and rei0netb, God; world without end. Amen." A plate, bearing sn inscription in Latin, of wbloh tho following is a translation, was, together with, the jour, na's of the day, and some other doauments and mema, rials, placed beneath the stooo : A.M.O.D. ' The Foundation Stone of the Roman Catholio College of St. John the Evangollet, within the University of . the Tear or our Redemption MDCCOLX. In tba Pontificale of Hue the IX, In the Reign ol quean Victoria, Slr William Thomas Deni!OD, Knight, belog Oovaraor ot tb» Colony. ' A procession of the clergy, ooouny'ing the order ] ?viously dPForibed, was then formed, and these, with , fellows of tho college, walked ronni the eboloBure «low pace, frllnwing tue'track-of the' fonndallon, wi ' had teen cleared . for the, occasion. The Arohbis 1 and the. assistant clergy having again ascended platform, the choir sang the' hymn " Veni, Creal whereof the following in a translation : Coma, Ó Creator Spirit blest I : And in our «.mis la«u up thy rest : - , Come,with thy grace and hoavonly ala. . To All the heart« whloh thou haat made. . . Great Paraclete I lo thea we cry : ' ' O highest Rift of God moat high J ,.. . O fount of life 1 O fire of I >ve ! ' And sweet anointing from abor» I . Thou in thy sevenfold gifts are known ; TbeFinger ofGod'e band wo own ; , . Tbe pr'miso of the Fathor tUon I Who dost the tongue with power endow. Kindle our aenaea from above, ' .. \- "' And make onrhoarla o'erdow with love ; With pattenoe firm, and virtue high, Tho weaknoas of our flesh supply. Tar frem ua drive tho foe we dread. ' And grant na thy true pesos Instead ; floaha'lwenot, with thee for guide. Turn from tho path of lifo aside. -, Oh, may thy grace on us bestow The Faiherand the Soo to know . And thee, through endleas limos ooafessM, . Of both th'eternal Spirit blest. All glory while the »goa ran .. . " Be to the Father, and tbe Son > Who ros« from death : the same ta th»», ; O Holy Ghost, eternally. Amen. A henédioiion having been pronounced by His On the seared part of the ceremonial then olosed. Tba ARCHBISHOP having laid aside bls-mitre and roi then earn» forward sod said-It nov becomes ray di dear friends, to oongra ulat« you upon the, actual cc avancement of tba building to whian we have so li looked forward, some with unalloyed nope, some w impatience. . I do not doubt » good account of tho de «an be rendered hy those to whom 'the management I ' been-entrusted. However, thin is«not the moment auch inquiry, but for congratulation*, and- we mary v trust omrselves to thia uppermost-filing of thankf>iln ead joyful anticipation. ive bav.i'began a work wh js'next to the building of « templa for ibe mora ¡rame «ate servios of God, 'he roost worthy nf «ll that can ¿done by haman skill and taste, -aided hy a genere ?expenditure, Ti'ie is also for'ihe service of God. 'this edifier wo design to oom plc-te and crown 'the ei .cational training sf our youth,-ton bops of our -count 'before they go forth with the world, to play their p ' as good soldiers of our "Lord 'Jeans Christ. If tba m i gb intelle-tuai gifts, and the-wonderful Rrand«urs of solon , are(eswhoosn doubt they are) next to ? Christian Ii \- and the other fruits of divine graoi>, the noblest of treasures placed within men's > keeping, then ia t . bouse-of learning, as-I have said, next in 'dignity e worth to the house of Gad. And we bave this day augurated our work undor^t e guldanoa of that iden, i Dcui'/ruelra. Thus have we declared oar belief, s thus bas our aot warranted our belief. We have invol the blearing of God -first of all, because we know tl exoopt He build tho house, ali our planning and witc ing end exulting will be in vain. May 'he bring t< happy accomplishment whet we m ny humbly trust 'wellbegun. . I do not-4now bow m my of thoa* aroa BOB have Been tho designs of the College of St. John t Evangelist, within the'Utilveraitv of Sytney, but som« know have seen them, and they I am confident will jo with me. in assuring you tbat the structure will be ..right noble one. It »ill not shame the magnifiai ' University, whose lengthened nod spreading shadow* will reciprocate ; uor will it bea shabby pulchra ß> ?púXchrior mater neighbour to the handsome Col ege of: Paul. Ic is true, in point of time we e but second in the field. The buiMing will be fitting type of t ie-kind of education for wbloh it is c signed-cspnoloas, solid, ttiropl.-, oostly, and laatlr (Oheers.) Nor is this symbolio teaohing needless. \ have already, thanks be to G id, had BUCO-ss .to soi .extent in primary eduoalion, an I in that middle stage training whioh arms-for tba labour of life those mide1 olasses wbose oonditioo requires them es early ss pc albie to plunge into itu scenes of toil and gain. - But I tbs higher eduoation we have hitherto not had tbo au! able applianoev, .end, as a natural eonseqnenoa, we ha numbera who have a sufficient eagerness indeed and £ teem for the education whloh promises irani'd'nte pro and influence, but not yet a truo idea and adequate s predation of the bigliebt eduoation and its purpose. Wi what then f Our oollege buildings and our-ateflf af prof« -sors will be, as they must be, under such oirenmstanc as ours, a provision gr ater, it moy'be, In eopacl than our present necessities as some w eoastrne tbose neoesaitfes. But tue greatne of the > provision < will - speak eloquently it objeot, and stir 'Up a desire for those treasures intellectual wealth and accomplishment of whioh they b apeakrtbe Wörth and the arduousness. University educ lion is io some a anse like religious instruction and tl mjeos of publia worship-tba supply must be In a vance.of the demand. In this view, I say the style the noble building «re propose to arcot will sagge something of tho obaraotêr of that eduoation we dee ri rate as yet-it will be oapeoious beyond tbe ari th ra el cally estimated.needs of the present hour, as-the educ tion given within its walla will nurture mental faoultii capable .of wider application than would be needed fi the servioe of any single pursuit or profession. It wi be tollA as tbe eduoation will be deep, accurate, ar thorough ;iit will be simple as tho eduoation will b because established on perfect training in a few aubjeot ao aa to discipline the faculties of the mind. It wi fae costly, and so , we do not disguise 'tba tm the educa'ion will be costly. I do not refer t the money ooat ; but costly in the devotion c the best talents and, the -manly, energy of ou most promising youth; and on the.part of parents, i the self-denying potient expectation of a fruit, rich bc slow-ripening. It will be las'iogt-bis college of .ours and so will ita education, inosrauoh as looking bayon presont profitar.d present applsn-e.it will form capaoitie .for which any of the mullfarious occupations of futur ? life Will be at one« exercise and development. It wil i train men, os men, that is in regard to tho pcrfeotion c tbeir - noblert faoulties of intellect and imaginatio: and not morely as accidental members of this or of th a profession. Nor are we without subjeots of great prc mite in this youthful community of oura. Quickness « perception, versatility of talent-opportunity for gratify lng and profitable display--we Have in abundano»; am yet who must net regret to see so muoh that is excollon j-ondored comparatively valueless when .even it is no noxious, by the want of acourate knowledge the balaneei powers, ithe discrimination, tba cultivated taste, ' th modesty ot aesrtion, both of self and opinion, " whiol ordinarily are attained only by University eduoation enc lbs University competition. It would be .easy, enongl for any on" arguing in the spirit of an advooate, to cit« against thia truth, esses of many self-educated men o genius; but aa we oil wish, I take it, U proceed on a oommon sense view o: common Ji/c, let mo recommend yoe to take rre'toning of. tba main body of men wno have had widest beneficial influenae ia the highiet profession! throughout all countries, of that old world from whioh our new one has been peopled, snd you will reaogniac easily tbe solid advantages of uni ver ally education. On tbls subject I will venture to quo to to you the words ol an emlnont man, whose whole life has been spent in the study of it:-" Our desideratum," he saya, '* our deside ratnm is, the force, the steadiness,'the comprehensive* noss, and tba flexibility of intellsot, the aommand over our own powers, tbe instinctive just estimate of things ai they pass before us, wbloh sometimes indeed is a natural gift, but commonly is not gained without muon effort and the exerolso of ya irs. This ia real cultivation of mind. Certainly, o liberal education doon manifost itself io a courtesy, propriety, and polish , of word and aotlon, wbiob is beautiful lo itself, and aooeptablo to others; but it does muoh moro. It biings the mind into form, for the mind is like the body. Boys outgrow tbeir shane and their strength; tbnir limbs have to bo knit togethor, and tbeir constitution neods tone. Mistaking animal spirits for nerve, and over confident in tbeir health, ignoring what they eau boar and how to manage themselves, they are immo- derate and extravagant, and fall into sharp aioknoiaos. This is on emblem of tbeir minds ; at drat they have no principles laid down within thom aa a foundation for the intellect to build upon ; they have1 no discriminating convictions, and no grasp of ooniequenoos, In oonse. queues tboy talk st random, if they talk muob.'and can. not ho'p being flippant, or wbat ls emphatioally called, J jouug.' They are merely dazzled by phenomena, instead of perceiving thing». It were well, if none re ma.lned.boya all their lives ¡ but what ia more oommon than tho sight of grown mao, talking on political or «irai, or religious subjeo's, in that off-hanJ, idle way, vcnloh wo signify by tbs word ' unreal V . That they simply do not know what tbey sra talking about,' ia the "potitaneouB silent romsrk of any man of sense who hears them. Henor, suob persons bave no difficulty In ooniradlatlag tbemsolvos ia successive sentences, Jithout hoing oonsolous of it. Hence ethers, wboto asfepllvo intellectual training ia more latani, him tholr I m°'>.unfortunate orololiuts, as theyareOBllod.or hobbit a, wbiob deprive them of the iufluoaoe whioh thalr «»!'. ««oie qualities would otherwise secure. llanos others con | ".T.»' 'oak straight before-them, novcr eoe the point, I "od have no difficulties in tba moat difficult subjects, "tetra ara hopelessly obstinate and pr-Judked, anl return the next moment to their old opinion», afb r the) h av* bern driven from,Itum, without even an attempt io explain wbjr." Otbera ar« so intemperate and intrao'ablo, that there ia no greater calamity for a,'good otuie tbun that they should get' bold; ol it.", Thèse'words of tht very reverend tbe preaident of the Ostbqlio University o: linblin find, ldotiht not.; their constant application every, where-and certainly they auggeat plotun-a of what wi i think we b-ive seen and heard uf.. They place in relie I those most precious und orowning beueflts of uriivornit; ! training, whioh aro very oomrn nly on y seen and va'uèc in contrast with tb, ir opposite defeo's aüd vioafl ; just ai a perfect symmetry is more quiokly. apprehended ant valued hy the occasional sight of deformity. .1 will un now detain you longer than will bo nooessary in n fi» wordB to suggest the debt, of gratitude whioh, withnu referenoe to others,' we Oatholios owo to tbi legislators of th« oniony, and to the emin, o personage who bas this day honoured u hy bis presenoe. ?' (Cheers.) To the Législature we owe as you are aware, this splendid arte on which our coîl,'g is to stand, a handsome annuity in aid of our reotor'a mi pend, and tbe sum-say twenty thousand pounds-whlol nre to meet the twenty thousand whioh our people, will (hoir aoausiomed ready confidence in the reoommend» tiona of tbeir arobbUbop an i olergy, so olieerful y and si rapidly oolloated. To his ttxoellonoy tbe Govornor.G.' n<>ral we owe what is no so easily put into tbe-'fo m o ?rilhmetio; but what ia incalculably mora valuable thai anything so measured. We owe the happy influence ö the presence of a gentleman himself of high education using all the advantages of his eminent position o for ward every prnjeor, educational or other, which raigb seem to conduce to the social and moral elevation of tbi peopleunder hie government. That his parse is ever ¿pet for every work of oharity and of improvement-tl a bia many good dre la are worthily illustrated by tba pntity of his private life-you.all know. (Cheers.] More in his presence I will not and need not «-y; bu one thing, wbiob ia no* BO generally known; I think tbisf fittingoooaalon'toannounce, anditisthis :--yoti -r^awari that the Royal assent t > St. Jinn'rcC diega Bill was foi sometime withheld in oonsi- qtienoe of oircu'aistanoei to whioh it ra needless to advert. That is all happilj over. Queen Victoria'» sign manual has been affixed tc the Bill, and who can doubt it haa been' at tl:e: reoom, tnendation of hie Excellency, wbo.bas thus followed is tba glorious footsteps of Sir Richard B u ke ai-d bit other pretJoaessirs, by carrying out that principle nf com- pleta potttioal parity aa regarde religioua distinctions, al onie tba Bafoiy an 1 boast-of our people t ~ (Cheers.) Do I not say well that we owe much to Sir Thomas Williana Denison J It is a-name which., those who love the College of St. John will ever cherish, and when the dav shall come (m'y it bo'fir distan) on which he shall in ike a ratrospeot of the deads of his public life, lem eure, you, are sore,' that one of the not least happy remembrances will'be, that he has aided so mate- rially in securing pn ce ' and contentment' to the Catholias of New Sontb'Wales, one-third of tbe pepuls lation.by what he bas done to secure, on this day, the foundation of the C liege ot St. John.. (Cheers ) - The GOVERNOB-GENBZUI. then OBme -forward, and said : My fiiends-the object for which we 'are met tr. gather this day, is one in which all, be they of what denomination of Christian they may, can hot» at'y sym- pathise. Hi's Graos the Arohbi;hop told you in his ad. dress at tho commencement of the cor. mony, tlmt tbet a ?were probably many present belonging to other Christian Cburobes; 'and' that' upon their, sympathy lia could reckon, os tbe objeot'for wbloh wu were met was one io whioh all were interested. lam one of those to whom be alluded ; you are nil awaro that I belong io another soot ion of the clninti m Church than that to which most of you'belong ; but ! have witnessed the ceremony of to.dny, and listened to the services p rformed, with muoh interest. I appear before -yon this doy in a double capacity. . As 'Governor, . I am happy to aanotion by my -presenoe, any marting whise objaet ia to benefit the commnnity. Aa a member of tbs Christian Chu roh, I am glad to abew my.respect for and my do»ire to fauill ta'» those undertakings which ara intended to promote r.Hgiou» objjots. (Cheers.) Now.tbe ceremony which we have just witnessed partakes of both these oharac tera. Tba foundation of college-a branob of the Univer- sity-is an event interesting to the. whole colony ; while hy the character of the ceremony you have at. ivan to abew tbat you have not lost sight of the great truth, tbat religion is tba main element of any system of eduoation. (Cheers.) Thia is in faot the great truth, to whioh evidence bas been given this day, and I tiust you will all lay it to heart. The University, owing to causes of which -you all are cognisant, o nnot take upon .itself to teaoh tba doctrinal truiba of religion ; it ia, therefore, that thoae colleges ara rising around it to supply that io whloh ita system cf eduoalion is deficient. 'I hail this with pleasure ; for I may fairly say that, were the eduoation eflVded by the iUniversity-limi'od aa it ls to secular metiers-not sop plementad by the religioua training afforded by tba oolleges, 1 should not rejoice, were the building which you see before you prostrate in the dust. 'Were your opportunities of instruction limiter! to those, matters which relate to the present life-to that abort future whioh baa only the world for ita obj. ct, tben, indeed, I should lament the shortsightedness of those who aided in the establishment of such an institution-; -hut it Is precisely bocauas this ia not the case, broause provision baa been made for that instruction .wbloh has referenoe to the life to oome-to tbat everlasting futuro which is so noar to,many of ns that look forward with hope to the futuro of the University. (Cheers.) Bis Graoe tba Archbishop has, io his address to you, spoken so fully upon all -matters connected with tba oollege itself that I should he guilty or repetition were I to attempt to say anything on the sohjoat; and as there is a very-threatening oloud coming up I shall not delay you BDy longer, but wishing every prosperity to the col- lege of 'wbloh the foundtt'on haB just boen laid, give good-bye with a recommendation that you weald all follow my oxample and make for home as speedily aa possible. (Cheers.) The proceedings then terminated, ona of the banda : which waa in attendance playing tba na tiena! anthem as the assemblage dispersed, <. 