CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. ANNUAL MEETING. The sixth annual meeting of this society took place at St. Paul's Schoolroom, Swanston-street, I yesterday evening. The assemblage was rather numerous and nearly filled the room; a very large proportion of those present being ladies. I His Excellency the Governor and, Lady Barkly were present, and the former presided. The proceedings were commenced by single;; I Heber's missionary hymn, which was read out by the Rev. S. L. Chase. The prayers specially selected for such occasions were then read by the Rev. R. B. Dickinson. His EXCELLENCY said, that about a year since many of those present assembled in that place, for the purpose of resuscitating if he might use the term-the Missionary Society which had been established in connexion with the diocese of Melbourne, of the existence of which most of the lay members of the church were almost unaware and they were met that night for the purpose of learning the result of the proceedings which had ' been then taken. He would not attempt to anticipate the contents of the report that would be laid before them, but would trust amount would be found in it to encourage them after tU ) efforts they had made, and that, under God's I providence, those efforts had been productive of' ' some good. At the same time, there were no ' means of concealing from themselves that the amount of good accomplished was very little indeed when compared to that which ought to have been accomplished. Those pre- sent-and, indeed, what Christian man was there who did not recognize it as his duty to assist in the diffusion of Gospel truths among the heathen should be aware of the golden opportunity of missionary labour which this land afforded at the present moment. There was not only in Victoria a considerable remnant of the aboriginal population, but thousands of Chinese lived under our laws and institutions, and both these classes of human beings were, therefore, subject in a peculiar degree to the influence of a Gospel truths. Besides, it was well known this'. to the north-east of Australia vast archipelagoes stretched away, inhabited by the professors of heathenism, who were yet to be converted ; au I I got, in the face of all this, what had the society yet done, and what was it to do? He was afraid the answer would be very, very little. He know that' i it might be said that our community was as yet but a small one, and also that most of the relies gious denominations existing among us were, in respect to the great bulk of the European population, still in the position of missionary churches ; but at the same time, it appeared to him that, in proportion to our numbers and wealth, 0 if exertions would compare but feebly and poorly with those of other communities, or with the mother country. If the population and wealth of Victoria, and its sympathy with missions, were compared with those of Great Britain, the colony would make but a small figure. What, for instance, was the colony doing with regard to the evangelization of the Chinese? What had been done since it had been found necessary for the Church of England to abandon the mission to the Chinese that had been previously kept up a the joint expense of the different churches in Victoria, and take upon itself the charge of the whole affair? He believed the meeting would hear presently that the society had been able to subsidize two teachers on the Ovens gold-fields. He had heard that those men had done a great deal of good ; but still the society could only subsidize them, for its whole annual income would not amount to as much as those men might receive in the Government service He might say, therefore, with regard to this question, that the society was not doing as much as it expected to be able to do when it took upon itself the work of evangelization. with regard to the mission to the aborigines, the society had taken upon itself the charge of the Yelta Mission, the Yelta being the district at the conjunction of the Darling and Murray, and he trusted to hear that evening of its success. The society also gave a good deal of support to the mission to the Mola I nesian group, which was under the management of the Bishop of New Zealand, and there the work it had performed might be said to end. Now, it appeared to him that, under these circumstances there must be something wrong in the organization of the society, and in its mode of collecting money, when it was found that no more than this was accomplished ; but it was not for him to point out the remedy on that occasion. Downs glad that a certain amount of good had been done and all he would say to those listening to him that night was, that they must endeavour to do their best in the course of the coming year to increase the labours of the society. At the same time they had thafovoning the satisfaction of recognizing the duty which, as Christian men, had been imposed upon them, viz., of attempting the conversion of the heathen, and he trusted in God that the future efforts of the society would be conducted on a larger scale, and would lead to greater results. He would now call on the score tary to read the report, and the treasurer to read the balance-sheet. The SECRETARY (the Rev. R. B. Dickinson) I then read the following report: ' Tha duty and blessing of missionary work are so plainly set forth in the Word of God, that if there were no other encouragement to those who hear that Word, tin's alone would be sufficient. But, in addition to the declarations of Scripture, the success of holy enterprise in time past, nay, in the present day, and even in our own infant colony, should stimulate us to persevering and augmented efforts in this great cause. 1 " It, is true that, the church in this diocese has donö"T>ut little in the work of evangelizing the Jew, infidel, or licrotic ; still, some good seed has been sown, and though it has been but thinly scattered, God has, in His great mercy, caused some of it to spring up and bring forth fruit in the conversion of souls; and thus of those to whom this society, under the guidance of our ¡ bishop, attempts to minister the Word of God. A few from among the aborigines, the Chinese, I and the islanders of the Western Pacific, have I become obedient to the truth. Yet this is, indeed, but the day of small things' for your society and the board of management, in making this report of what had been done during the past year, whilst it would express its thanks to Him of whom) only gift it cometh; that His faithful pal ' pie do unto Him any ' true and laudable service,' feels that it has yet more need! to pray that He would raise up his power, time come among us, and with great might succour us that whereas through our air ; and wickedness we are sorry lot unhindered is running the race that is set before us, His beautiful grace and mercy may speedily help and deliver us.' Indeed, if it were not in the hope that the work done may be as the grain of mustard seed, that Shall yet grow and become a tree, beneath I whose shade many more of the heathen shall ] find shelter, the board would feel utterly ashamed to announce how little has been effected. The income of the society for the past year has only 1 been £653 16s. 4d.; but even this exceeds that of any former year. Of this sum £207 2s. 6d. has been appropriated to the mission to the Chinese of this colony, £104 15s. 6d. to the mission to the Aborigines, £14 15s. to the Melanesian mission, £130 Ilk la. to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, £34 15s. 3d to the Church Missionary Society of England, £21 (3s. 11d. to the Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews, £2.5 16s. 2d. to the I Irish Church Missions, and the remainder (except two sums of £1 each, irregularly transmitted to the general fund of your society. In return for the subscriptions forwarded to 1 the home societies, the board has received small periodical supplies of their publications, which have been apportioned to those of the clergy who were desirous of distributing them to subscribers in their several parishes. A large number have also been left with Mr. Mullen, bookseller, 05 Collins-street east, for sale to the public. The board regrets that so few of these most interesting pamphlets -have been applied for, and they hope that this means for disseminating information about missions will, he made greater use of for the future. " Without attempting to enter minutely into particulars which may be found in those periodicals, the board, identifying itself with the great missionary societies of England, inasmuch as it is an integral part of the church to which they also belong, may briefly state that, according to the report for 1859, the income of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel for that year has been £102,592 ; its clerical mis ' sionaries, 414 ; labouring chiefly in North Ama rica, the West Indies, Africa, Hindostan, and Australasia, assisted by more than 700 catechists or lay readers, and schoolmasters. " The income of the Church Missionary Society of England for the same year was £146,376 ; its mission stations 144 in number, conducted by 227 clergymen, of whom 44 are natives, assisted by 2,103 catechists ; native communicants, (18.013. Baptisms during the year, adults, 941 ; children, I 1,674 ; not specified, 333. The income of the London Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews has been £31,305, and £7,455 I as a jubilee fund ; its ordained missionaries, 23, insisted by 28 catechists, 28 Scripture reader, 24 school teachers. " It is likewise unnecessary to speak at length of the mission of our church to the aborigine? of this colony, as it is conducted by a committee of its own, and a report of its proceedings is annually laid before the church. We would, however, mention that its missionary, during his journeys of hundreds of miles in the re gion of the Murray and Darling rivers, has met with I much encouragement, in the anxiety of the poor , blocks to hear the Gospel; and although no one of decided conversion has yet appeared in that district, at least one of the aborigines of the Wimmera district ministered to by missionaries of the Moravian Church, has been turned from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan. 1 unto God,, and baptized into the kingdom of Christ's church. " The state of the mission to the Melanesians (the inhabitants of the islands of the Western Pacific), under the active superintendence of the Bishop of New Zealand, is clearly and concisely set forth in the two following letters one from the bishop himself, the other from one of his clergy, a fellow-labourer in the work : ^ " ' Auckland, February 22. " ' Reverend and Dear Sir-My I request you to convey to the committee of the Church Missionary Society of Victoria my grateful acknowledgement of the sum of £14 loss. for the Melanesian mission ? " ' It has pleased God to prosper our work so far, up to the limit of our present means', as we have now with us 39 scholars from 14 islands, including some from which we had not received any scholars before. Every voyage of the Southern Cross developes new openings ; but without larger means we cannot undertake to station missionaries, but must trust to God's blessing upon the slower, but not less sure, process of training up a native ministry. If the Australian dioceses can find missionaries, and means to support them, we can at any time point out openings, and undertake the oversight of the missionaries. " ' Our report is not yet ready, but the Rev. J. C. Patteson will forward copies to you when they are issued. " ' I remain, rev. and dear sir, " ' Yours very gratefully, " ' G. A. NEW ZEALAND. " ' To the Rev. R. B. Dickenson, St. Luke's, Melbourne.' " " ' Kihimarama, Auckland, March 26 1860. My Dear Sir,-The Bishop of New Zealand . . . wished me to write, to you a few lines, that you might know something about the present state of our work. This year we have four men from the two islands of that L'ionp [the Loyalty Islands], called Lifu and eugene. They have thrown in their lot with us altogether to make themselves useful in any way, and will winter (D.V.) with me in the Bank's Archipelago this year. Our school consists of 21 lads from six or seven islands of the Bank's group, and we number in all 37 Melanesians, from 15 islands. Each year, as we get a great power of selection, we obtain more intelligent scholars. Many of our present party are thoroughly satisfactory follows, They are learning English chiefly, and most of them can read a little, some very fairly. They nearly all learn to write easily, the imitative faculty being strongly developed in them. " ' We are living in a lovely place on the sea- shore, about three miles east of Auckland, in the harbour. The bishop bought the property years ago. The expense of the buildings upwards of £1,000 has been defrayed by a donation from Miss Yonge, the writer of the Daisy Chain, Heir of Redclyffe, ke., who had before Subscribed largely toward the purchase of the Mission schooner. You already know the bishop's plan. He hopes to obtain by degrees some five or AIF men to superintend the various departments of the central school here in the summer, and to go each one to the group inhabited by his own special scholars for the winter, there to overlook the work of the native teachers, each in his own island. " ' Those native teachers will be brought each summer to New Zealand, to be trained for holy orders and subsequently, if it please God that the plan be worked out, each group will be " officered" by native pastors, under an English archdeacon, as it were and the principal part of the working staff will be transferred to New Zealand for the summer, and dispersed among the islands in the winter ; thus, as we hope, securing a uniformity of operation with a large expansion of work.' ' I feel quite satisfied that there is no want of capacity in the natives of those islands. I do not for a moment believe that any race is in capable of being trained to do such work in God's own time ; but now many of them are intelligent and 'quick. " ' I will try and write more at length by and by but I am in a great hurry now, as you may see.! Pray believe me, my dear sir, to remain very truly yours, " ' JOHN 0. PATTESON.' " The board hope that, before the next annual meeting, the Bishop of New Zealand will have cause to be grateful' for more than the paltry turn' acknowledged in his letter, and that his laborious and self-denying efforts will be crowned with success. " It will be right to speak more at length of the mission to the Chinese in the gold-field dis- tracts of Beechworth and Yackandandah, as this is entirely supported by your Society. The box rd are thankful to be able to say that the wish expressed in their last report, that suitable missionaries to the Chinese might be found, has been at least partially fulfilled. To Sam Yuen, a Chinese Christian of mature age, formerly a pupil of the Bishop of Victoria (Hong Kong) and Faa Wye, a younger man, but of much ability, have been, after the apostle's example, preaching the gospel ' publicly, and from house to house,' to their fellow-countrymen, under the superintendence of the Rev. 0. Howard, of Beechworth, and the Rev. T. Dowell, of Yackandandah, since the beginning of this year; and not without fruit ; forby God's grace, two converts have lately been baptized into the Church of Christ. " The following extracts, from the journal of the elder missionary catechist, will show the peculiar difficulties, mingled with encouragement, experienced by those who strive to leaven the superficial minds and covetous hearts of the Chinese with the pure and searching truths of the glorious gospel of the blessed God. " The first extract will show the ordinary week- day work of the missionary. 2 January 6 In the forenoon I translated some tracts, as usual and in the afternoon, at 3 o'clock, I had an opportunity of talking to a Chinaman at the Chinese camp. I found him to be sincere, land] discoursed with him about some customs and manners of the world. Afterwards I also talked about the merits of the redemption of Jesus, who was crucified, [and told him now] all who believe that He is, our Redeemer [and] that He came from God, and who trust in His merits, shall be saved and those who keep His commandments shall have everlasting happiness. Thus I discoursed with him about half an hour. Two t others then came to listen ; they all were delighted with my teaching, no opposition whatever ; I then left.' " The next paragraph shows the Sunday proceedings of one earnest, simple- minded, and unworldly Chinese missionary. " January 8 [Sunday In the forenoon I went to church to ask God's blessing; then until 3 o'clock I remained at the Chinese camp. The same day I had 40 men assembled to hear me; all were pleased with my instructions ; na arguments. I spoke comforting words to them and then I returned.' [" January 22 Sunday.] Though I am not well to-day, my mind is anxious that God's doctrines may reform men. At 3 o'clock pm, I went up to the Chinese camp to call a meeting to pray to God, and to teach the doctrines of sal- tation. There were 40 attendants; all gladly received my instructions, and dispersed ; no disputing.' " The next sentences develop one source of Chinese unbelief namely, the consideration of religion as a mere national custom, which may be as different in various places as the differing climates and languages of men. " January 24. In the afternoon I went to a tent ; there were three Hook trem people sitting down and talking idly to each other. They took out the Chinese and English New Testament, and showed it to me. I asked, Do you believe these books One replied, If [my country] man believe, I should believe : all the Europeans believe, but the Chinese do not. The English people teach that [their] God, Jesus, protects them as well as the whole world what no other God could do ; but we Chinese worship idols, as a do not know God. And again "'2nd February I met three men who came from other diggings. I taught them the doctrines of God's condescending compassion in saving the world ; [of] Jesus giving up his life for us; and of his righteousness, li said] Did you ever hear this They replied, Last year, when at Sydney, there were [some] that distributed tracts in the tracts we read about the doctrine of Jesus Christ. Are not those what you are telling about I replied, Yes, they are the same. Do you believe them. One replied, I How can we believe them, when the Chinese customs, and manners, and those of the foreigners do not agree one with the other. . The foreigners do not worship the tomb of pa rents, neither gods and devils as in China.' 3' The occurrence next related shows that the Chinese, like the corrupt Israelites of old, wish their teachers to speak unto them smooth things, and prophesy deceit ;' and they do not like to hear the whole counsel of God, and that the offence of the cross' has not ceased. " February 3 In the afternoon, while I WM at the Chinese camp looking for an opportunity to preach one asked me, Are you come here to speak of Jesus again ? I said Yes, do you wish to hear ? He said Whatsoever you preach I will listen to whether good or bad. I said Do you know you commit sins?" Suddenly, he was d pleased with me I observed that he wished to go away. I said, " It is necessary to speak of sins it you would learn about Jesus and if you could bear patiently with me, I would make you understand this in little time. God is all powerful, and controls the world. He came down and became man, suffering tribulation and persecution of man : He died on the cross, being grievously insulted by many." When he heard that he was displeased at it, and answered, "Why do you not preach some pleasing words and things? When . In the Training College for Natives, St, John's, Auckland. once you open your mouth you speak about death; which I hate to hear." He was much vexed, and went away rapidly, speaking bad words. We have next a proof how the love of this world pervades all Chinese notions of religion ; how diligently they look for a present " recompense of reward ;" and a godliness which is profitable for the life that now is." " February 244 met on the road three men, . . I talked to them about Jesus . . How he made the poor rich. I told them, " You all ought to trust in his favour ; you will be very rich then." They were glad of that but I said, " you wish to get worldly riches and wisdom I fear that you will not do so . . ; but the riches of the world to come are far superior to the riches of the present [life]." " ' Towards the beginning of August, our missionary paid a visit to the Indigo gold-fields, to preach the Gospel there it will be seen that his congregations were larger than at Yackandandah. He writes : " August 12-ft o'clock I called my country men together in the public street, and, by the providence of God, I got many to come. £ offered prayer, and then took out from the 6th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, verses 9 to 13 (the Lord's Prayer), and explained to them how in former times Jesus taught the people to pray in this manner every day. There were about 80 or 90 men, and they were much interested "The next extract shows how, as in the parable, the good seed fell on different sorts of ground, the varieties of worthless soil as usual preponderating. " ' August 16. To-day, at 11 o'clock, I went into five Chinese stores, and there were altogether 24 men in them. Some of them were glad to hear me, some were too troublesome, others wished to dispute. They talked foolishly, too; some behaved so badly that others turned them out,' " The next score exhibits the missionary as > preaching in season ' out of season. August 17-19 happened to be the opening of the Ghin temple, so that many of the Chin people had a holiday that day I preached the Gospel to them, and asked them, why do you believe such a god, he was merely a man of the ancient dynasty how could he protect people? You ought to believe God-He is the Creator and Jesus, He is the Saviour and the Holy Ghost, the comforter.' " The Chinese love of reading is next turned to account by a teacher of the one Great Book " ' Sunday, August 1921 sent to tell the Chinaman to come and hear me in the street at 1 o'clock. I found 80 to 90 Chinamen assembled, and they were very glad to hear me. On Wednesday last Fanshawe sent me 100 Chinese tracts and New Testaments: and to-day I distributed them to 30 Chinamen " Our last extract shows that there are some who are dissatisfied with idolatry, and wish to know the truth. " ' August 25. Three Chinamen came into my room and expressed a wish to talk about Jesus. I asked them why they liked to do so. One of them declared that the worship of idols was folly and that he greatly believed in God, the Creator of heaven and earth. I talked with them for an hour, r then entered into a conversation with a Chitgong man as to the power of Jesus to forgive sins. He was much pleased with a book which I gave him.' " These and similar facts, in China itself, will, we hope, show how, after the long and dark night of thousands of years of idolatry, the day star is i arising in some hearts, and that though the state of this vast nation is still one of gloom and thick darkness, the observant eye of a believer can discover amidst that gloom the first grey gleam of the morning spread upon the mountains. " These quotations will also have given some idea of the mode in which this quiet and unpre- tending but still important work is carried on among the thousands of heathens whom the discovery of gold has attracted to our shores. " But the board has long felt the weight of the conclusion arrived at by Bishop Smith and other eminent missionaries, and already expressed in the foregoing letter of Mr. Paterson, namely, that European clergymen are always required to bring both their fuller knowledge of Divine truth, and the energy of the northern mind to bear upon the less instructed intellects and less active exertions of the native pastors themselves. Accordingly, in compliance with the request of the board, the bishop, many months ago, proposed to the Church Missionary Society of England that they should send out a duly- qualified missionary, master of the Chinese Inuguttgo, to take the oversight of the work on the gold-fields, but no answer has yet been received. " Passing from what has been done to what we have yet to do, the board would express its strong conviction that only by frequent and regular parochial meetings can such information on missionary subjects be afforded as will not only excite but maintain that interest in the work which will be evinced by more adequate missionary efforts. 30,000 Chinese in this land, I and many myriads of heathen in the islands around our shores, to say nothing here of the millions of idolaters in other parts of this hemisphere, ' stretch forth their heads' to us, the favoured children of the one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in Him the chosen disciples of the one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by Him;' and they implore us, always by their souls great need, is often by the actual appeal of their lips, to make known to them Him who is the way, the truth, and the life.' " ' Freely ye have received, freely give.' " May we be so filled with the love of Him who gave Himself for us, that many amongst us may be found to offer themselves, and all their prayers and free-will offerings, for the extension of the everlasting kingdom of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, to whom alone be glory j For over and over. Arnon." The CHAIRMAN apologized for the absence of Mr. Grice, the treasurer. The reading of the balance-sheet would, in consequence, be omitted now, but the document would eventually be published with the annual report. The Bishop of MELBOURNE then moved that the report just read be adopted and printed. He would make no remark upon thereportitself, more than to say he had listened to it with interest, as its substance would form the subject of future resolutions. His earnest desire was for the stirring up of a missionary feeling in the church, before the exhibition of which he was sure society would not be in a healthy state, and he urge 1 upon all clergymen to excite this feeling. No greater mistake could exist than the notion that the encouragement of laymen to contribute 3 freely for the missionary cause, lessened the amount likely to be received for other purposes, and he trusted every one of his brethren present would leave the room with the firm intention of establishing a branch association in his own parish. A missionary feeling could not be excited I by exhortation, but more probably by such a statement of facts as should enlist every one's Byra . patties on behalf of the poor heathen. At the last meeting of the society, he had endeavoured to give a sketch of church missions throughout the world, and he should now endeavour to give a few facts with reference to the mission now going' on in the neighbouring colony of New Zealand! i In doing so, he should not speak for himself, but lend extracts from books which he held in his hand. The right rev. gentleman then proceeded to describe, by extracts and otherwise, the islands of New Zealand, their geographical position, climate, the history of their discovery by Tasman, and rediscovery by Captain Cook. In 1890, he said, the Rev. S. Marsden, a chaplain at New South Wales, took a trip to New Zealand, and on his visit to England a few years afterwards, he induced certain persons to despatch missionaries to the Antipodean islands, whom he joined himself afterwards. After defining the character of the New Zealand natives, the bishop narrated the facts connected with the final establishment of the mission in 1839, and the various successes and disasters which it experienced till 1829, in I which year there was a fierce conflict between several tribes, with whom the missionaries ba carne successful mediators, and from that time it might be said New Zealand was more or less a Christian country. In 1842, Christianity has become the popular religion, as a proof of which he read an account given by the Bishop of New Zealand of a confirmation hold in 1843. N At this date a change came over the face of the colony, and he proceeded to tell the story of New Zealand's colonization after Captain Hobson had authoritatively taken possession of the island on behalf of the British Government, just before a French vessel arrived for precisely the same purpose, a few days provi- dence only saving the island from falling under French rule. (Applause.) Though the island had been taken possession of for the purpose of protecting the colonists and preventing the war of races, differences did arise, and collisions took place, which ended in many of the settlers being tomahawked by the aborigines. Finally, a war i ensued, which lasted from March, 1845, till early the end of 1946 and of the events which then occurred he read an account, which ox closely declared that but for the new spirit in used among the natives by Christianity, tin lUnories would have been able to cut off the English in detail, as their aboriginal forefathers could easily have done. This spirit, i moreover, opened their minds to the belief in the intention of the British Government to abide by the treaties, which circumstance led the way to i lie termination of the war, which was greatly facilitated by the clemency and firmness of Sir George Grey, assisted as he was by the bishops and missionaries. That concluded the second great period in New Zealand history, and the third commenced with the discovery of Australian gold-fields, which raised the price of produce and stimulated industry, being unfortunately followed, however, by a declension in religious feeling, which was partially caused by the opening of grog-shops by the white men. He then read an account of the condition of New Zealand at the present time, which was written by Archdeacon Williams, the good work done by the missionaries being not only borne testimony to by that rev. gentleman, but by Sir George Grey himself. This, the bishop said, was the result of missionary labours; and who, he asked, would, in the face of such facts, dare to say that the Christian New Zealander was the same man as of old? On the indications respecting a re i val of religious feeling among the Maories he next descanted at some length and in reference to the alleged diminution in their numbers, asked whether such a diminution, which could be traced to the non-improvement of the domestic habits of the natives, should be permitted, or whether they should be properly supported; and this was a question of the more importance as their numbers were about 7000 as against the 150,000 white colonists. Quoting Mr. Swainson's v.orkonNcw Zealand, he pointed out the practical value of the Maori's labour, and dwelt especially on his extraordinary military qualifica- tions and capacity for warfare. This he said, he would not have alluded to, but when British officers and troops were charged with want of courage in the conduct of the present war, - it was well for all persons to know the character of the men they were fighting against and from all he had read, he had little hope that British troops could maintain possession of the country by force of arms against the Maori population. He doubted not that, by God's help, an end would be put to the present insurrection, but it would only be as an end had been put to the former one-namely, by firmness on the one hand and Christian gentleness on the other, and by bringing the spirit of Christianity to bear upon the native population by the influence of bishops, ministers, and Christian mc n. It was the habit of Englishmen to dwell with reliance upon their civilised character as compared with that of the Savage, but he would remind them of a passage in their own history when the Romans kept possession of the low countries of B train, without being able to drive the hardy native warriors from their mountain fastnesses. In the same way the home Government might keep the towns on the coast, but could never got possession of the interior till the Maories allowed it. I; remained nowa solemn obligation upon every Christian man to lay the matter of missions to heart, and make it the subject of continual prayer and it might be in their power thus to strengthen the hands of the Christian men in New Zealand. Let them not be ashamed to say that it was Christianity that had given New Zealand to thënSngUsh^and that my Christianity alone could it maintain its power! He felt little sympatKy*,wjtu those who felt great sym p5tliy''v?rtin,ueir fellow-countrymen" fighting in New ZeaIàn"dlFfkey did no false sympathize with" every ZoalàB'dirthey did no false sympathize with" the poorTMaori. The earnestly trusted that after prospers of many in this colony would be ascending to Heaven on behalf of the poor savages, for our own countrymen forth Governor of that colony, for him who had the command of the troops, and the officers and soldiers themselves. He begged to express his great thankfulness for the fact, that we had got for the command of our troops a Lunn who feared God (applause) ; who trusted to him for protection and blessing, and who earnestly desired not only to obtain the victory but to establish peace in that land. He prayed God to send him (the commanding officer) success, bring him back in safety among us, and make it the joy of his latter years that he had i (stored so valuable a portion of our fellow creatures to amity with ourselves. (Applause.) The Rev. ' Mr." SEDDON briefly seconded the resolution which was then put and carried unanimously. The Rev. S. L. CHASE moved the next resolution, as follows: - "That this meeting desires to render humble and hearty thanks to Almighty God, through our Lord Jesus Christ, head over all things to the church, for having enabled the church in this diocese to send missionaries to the aborigines and Chinese in this colony, and expresses its hope and prayer that the Lord of the Harvest will speedily send forth more labourers into His harvest." The unsatisfactory nature of the report would, he said, render it more necessary that those aiding Christian missions should stir up their hearts to thankfulness, especially as God had A vouchsafed that converts should be the result of their efforts. There was something wrong at the bottom of their efforts, or they would have been more successful, and perhaps the want of grace, and the fact that they had not gone, near enough to the fountain of grass, worthy causes in question. There were also, he was sure, a great many persons willing to contribute beyond those now asked, and he trusted the bishop's exhortation would prove to be of some i fleet. Perhaps the special appropriation of a clergyman to the work would be found to be a great benefit. As to the missions to the about mines, he thought a great deal might be done by persons who were willing to sit down among the blacks, and, being helped out with a word or two in translation by the nearest settler, endeavour to pi each the Word of God to the poor heathens and in illustration of his meaning, described t recent occurrences connected with his own experiences in preaching to the Swan Hill blacks, The prayed that more labourers might be sent into the harvest, and hoped that each clergyman would feel it his duty to be ready for the work. Mr. Justice MOLESWORTH seconded the resolution,, remarking that he should take an opposite course to that of his predecessor, and allude more to the mission to the Chinese than that to the aborigines. He remarked upon the fact that the Chinese in Victoria must be aware of the kindness with which they had been treated, and of the advantages Englishmen possessed over them, both of which circumstances were highly advantageous to Christian missions, and should he taken advantage of. From his own experience, he saw a total absence of religious bigotry on the pure of the Chinese, and, in fact, a want of attachment to any religion at all, of which their readiness to take a Christian oath was a proof. The next question was, how should the mission be prosecuted; and seeing the difficulties of acquiring the language, he was more willing to rely upon the efforts of native mis fanatics who might with a little leaven leaven the whole lump. At any rate, there could be no doubt of the, duty that was incum 1 cut upon all to support missions, and he trusted . this assistance would be freely given. The resolution was put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. The DEAN of MELBOURNE then moved the following resolution : " This meeting sees with joy the efforts made by the church in our fatherland to avail itself of the opportunity for missionary work afforded by recent events in China, Japan, and Central Africa; and looks upon those efforts as showing us for our past neglect, and stimulating us to re- doubled exertions on behalf of the heathen in and around this land of our adoption." II c bind the advantage of meetings like the pro that was that, by making known the success of efforts made by other lands, it threw light on that which was dark and gloomy in our case. Under the disheartening circumstances by which they were surrounded, it was, he said, refreshing to look at Central Africa, where both English and native missionaries were doing so good and great a work. Again, it was pleasant to refer to the successful labours of Chinese missionaries and he would mention with rejoicing the fact that I ho' church service was the first Christian service jet i formed in Japan, the American consul born is a member of the Anglican church. After alluding at come length to the character of the Japanese and the importance of that mission, the rev. gentleman concluded with expressing his lament desire that the work of evangelization should be earnestly carried out. I be Revs R. B. DICKINSON would, in the absence of a layman willing to come forward, second the revolution. He dwelt at length upon the difficulties attending the Japan mission, and which had impeded it in former times. He concluded by impressing on his hearers the necessity of con- , ordering the enormous extent of work that had to be done, and the fact that the Japan mission had four more claims upon Australia for support than England. For himself, he looked forward to no a missionary, as that had been the object of his life for many years past. (Applause) The resolution was then put, and carried. A collection having been made The Rev. Mr. WILKINSON moved the following resolution : " That the following gentlemen be the board and office-bearers for the ensuing year, all clergy- men being subscribers :- Messrs, T. T. A'Beckett, A. G. Dumas, H. Jennings, E. King, W. Locke, W. Macredie, E. Probert, E. Sandford, J. Smith, \- Spain, J. Spowers, and J. 0 Walter, with power to fill up vacancies in their number. Treasurer, Mr. R. Grice ; secretary, Rev R. B. Dickinson." He exhorted his hearers to bear in mind the fact that the missionary work could only be carried out with Christian real and earnest prayer. Mr. BLAND seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. On the motion of the Hon. T. T. A'BECKETT, seconded by the Bishop of MELBOURNE, a vote of thanks to His Excellency for presiding was carried by acclamation. It is EXCELLENCY briefly acknowledged the cora ailment and the proceedings were terminated by ringing the Doxology, and the pronunciation of the customary benediction by the bishop. A WITNESS COMMITTED TO PRISON.- James M'Conville, a storekeeper and keeper of the Traveller's Rest Hotel, Cardigan, was committed for 48 hours' by the judge of the County Court yesterday, for impertinent replies to counsel in the case Williams and another v. Jenkins and another. The witness was both jocular and impertinent but a lighter punishment than 48 hours' in the Ballarat " logs " might have answered the purpose of correction, and not have compromised the dignity of the court Ballarat Star, October 9. 