. MISCELLANEOUS. Telegraphic Communication with Sydney was resumed at 10.C5 a.m. yesterday.. A Deputation from Sandhurst, on the subject of the Sludge question, will wait upon tho Honor able the Chief Seoretary this day, at eleven o'clock a.m. A. Michie, Esq., M.L.A., will giva a lecture this evening for the benefit of the Mechanics' Institu tion. He has selected for his subject 'The Philo sophy of Ghosts and Witchcraft.' The Licensed Victuallers' Association of Bol-' laarat held their annual dinner on Wednesday evening at Bath's Hotel. Mr Serjeant, M.L.A., attended ; and Mr Craig, president of the Associa tion, occupied the chair. The Chairman of the Mining Board at Back Creek has convened a public meeting of miners and residents within tbo municipality upon the subject of water supply. Twenty-one leading tradesmen have signed tho requisition. Tub Township of Lamplough is reported to bo swarming with vagrants, and the police aro making daily arrests, with the view of bringing all suspi oious characters before the Bench at the Polico Oourfr, /loalt with, vm/lop tho ACl. The Falling off in the last escort from Ingle wood, is represented by the local journal as having been caused by the practice resorted to by the storekeepers going to Sandhurst to dispose of their gold, the prico upon Ioglewood being ex tremely low. According to the statements of the Inglewood correspondent of the Maryborough and Dimolly Advertiser, caseB of stioking up are of nightly oc currence on that gold field ; the journey between Old and Now Inglewood benig attended with con siderable risk. Tue Champion Footrace between Whitely an 3 Allan for L'ZOO aside, announced to come off on Wednesday last at the Camp Reserve, Sandhurst terminated in a palpable sell, neither party display ing any anxiety to contest the event, and both ul timately leaving tho ground without any race at all. A Young Man, named Henry Evans, left ths Durham Iieslaurant, at Sandhurt, on Saturday night last, about midnight, for tbo purpose of pro ceding home, between Long ond California Gul lies. He ius not since been heard of, aud the most serious apprehensions ore entertained as to his safety. A BURGLARY was committed on Monday even ing at the Welcome Home Inn, at Chiltern, a large quantity of wine and spirits haviug been ab stracted. The thieves contrived to get into the house by cutting through some calico placed tem porarily at a gable end to cover it during the pro gress of some repairs. The Second Plocgiiing Matcu of tho Ballaarat Agricultural Society came oft' ou Wednesday at a farm between Lake Burruoibcet aud Ercildoun. t'he eutries were 49 in number, and at the couclu sion of the match, a pedestrian race between a white man and an aboriginal took plaoe, and re sulted in the defeat cf the native. An unfortunate Woman, residing, in Amphi theatre street, Liamplough, has been fearlully lacerated by a mastiff, which seized her first by one arm and then by another, tearing out huge pieces ot flesh in both instances. The dog had formerly known tho womau, but not having seen her for some weeks, had, it was EuppcEed, forgotten her. THE POPULATION AT CHILTERN is estimated at 3390 men, 1311 women, 1327 children, and 2390 Chinese ; total, 8418, distributed in the following manner: — Upper Main Lead, 1800 ; Stanley, 310 ; Adelaide, 250 ; Lower Main, 420 ; Cornish Town, 460; Caledonian, 115 ; Devonshire, 136 ; Christmas Town and Durham Lead, 459; Mount Pleasant, 500 ; Chiltern Lead, 1700 ; Suffolk, 290 ; Sebasto pol, 85 ; Scotchman's, 33 ; Italian, 185 ; Skeleton, 30 ; Glasgow, 40 ; Quartz Reefs, 265 ; Black Dog Creek and Chiltern, 330 ; agricultural, 630 ; and various, 400. 