DEPARTURE OF TROOPS FOR NEW ZEALAND. THE steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday afternoon for Taranaki, with 100 rank and file of the 12th Regi- ment, and 43 of the Royal Artillery, with 6 field pieces. At the embarkation of the troops there could not have been less than 3000 persons collected on the Circular Quay, many of whom followed them from the military barracks. The soldiers were marched down, preceded by the band of the Regiment, amidst the cheers of the crowd, as they passed through the streets of the city. The whole of them were got on board in safety, and the steamer left the wharf about five o'clook, amidst deafen- ing cheers from those on shore, and returnel by the military on board. Our daily contemporary of yesterday startled the olly with the announcement of " Later daglish News," and a report that a Ceylon paper had aooompllehed the extraordinary feat of publishing on the 18th of January EogllBh neva up to the 31st of the asmo mouth I " By far the most Interesting fool" ia this 80-oalled newe ls the suooesaful laying of the aubmarino eable betweon Aden and Xurraohee ; bat if the reader will tarn to the Empire ot the 22nd and 2"th Marah laet, he will find that " Interesting fact" rally detailed, together with the first telegrams despstched by means of the cable. The news bas beena long; time in reaching our oontemporary, and we strongly snapeot that the communication (which purports to bs from Melbourne) will bo found on examination to bear date the first of AptU. On reference to our Parliamentary report, it will be seen that Mr. Biohard Jones has resigned hts seat as member of tua Legislative Assembly, for tbe Electoral - DIslrlot of the Hunter. The intelligence will take moat persona by sarprlse. . i Yesterday afternoon as Mrs. Rundle, accom- panied by her obits', was taking a carriage airing in the Domain, the horse oommenoed plunging, and haring finally beoome un- manageable galloped down the road by Governor Bourke's statue, in spite of the efforts of the coachrcau to restrain him. The carriage was overthrown, Mrs. Rundió and her child thrown ont, and the ooaohman throw.i under the horse. Asaiatanoe waa immediately given, and the lady and ber otalld at osos resonad, but net, we regret to learn, until they had sustained seme injuries. The ooaohman had a narrow escape, having received a Braze on the temple, apparently from the hoof of the horse The Bazaar in aid of the Wesleyan Church at newtown, waa continued yesterday, and wall attended through, out the day. particularly In the evening, when the Temperance Hall, in whioh lt was held, was crowded with visitors ; the fair sex predominating. The sale of fanoy artioles waa vary large, in ' faot, surpassed the anticipations of the most asagaln«, bat the . persevering exertions of the ladies, who mainly oontrlbnte to tts success, bavo left a large quantity of beautiful fanoy and useful artioles yet for disposal. An oxcellent baud waa In atten- dance, and contributed to tho pleaenra of thoae - present, hy enlivening them with a variety of popular airs The com- mittee, being unable In tho first Instance to aeoare the Temper. '; anee Hall for more than two days, have now ma¡t« »ST»T?*"110 K i bpenea thiVuay, at 3 o'clock/and as* the price of admission" 'ha. ' been reduced by one-half, although the caza.? oonUnueV? as et tractive as ever, lt ls tn be boped lt will meet with the auooess tho good cause In which It is held ao well merita. »«ooo«» «w Our Parramatta correspondent writes as fol- lows reepeetlng the alloged gold dlaoovery at that place -" On la"5 tb» apathy of our little town wea aroused ¿7 »"£ port that gold was dlsooverod in Mr. Harris's psddook.Woh tw'i"«T e"ns 0f a'anra gathering or the townsfolk: Taltra* they went ; prospecting dishes wore purobssod, spades and nioka ?>"ThlI0??bXnt° rTl8,Uo°- uud several specks we" obtained! On Monday the searob. was renewed with fresh vigour : BmkJna wT«iÄ buí tho-,ower they went tho spocs worf lesa obvious, ^^'.^"^'"""âT"* 00 the «urface.at the croak close b j ono or tho_ railwny bridges. The result of Monday rave »leo to ff^«r(".'ï2Dia.ïtUroa.boT'".0,lms tl,aro- bat «»<> ««neraî concia. ;iMÍ?:t.5!Íl.t.ma9t}laTB be,6n "Pi" tnsro bv aooident; rt is qS ti) MÍStTí?.ai' " ',a not 0 "oil mo]y t0 bo Prnduotlve'of the pre¿ foTâ^tVufàl^ «»»»»aoentl,, blighted of having a With reference to affairs at Maitland, the following paragraphs appear In yesterday's Mercura:-A publia ft^S °S c?^0 '»» oi.th1 ?lslrl0' fa onnouncei forlhFa d>y° at noon, at St. John's Sohool-bonse, West Maltlsnd, " To Uka Htí?"0n0,?íidoí°ti0nAh? "W mea?J8 obviating the threatened disruption from their fellow-residents of the local Catholics ïfÂ,ifrïf,ibroî,8,",obont D7 tho P"J«ted deliver^" 'a"» iJSnu iiIai,tl,nd> ana"t0 Protest ago net the oberne of a Catholic hostility to freedom of tpoeoh and discussion."-The committee) appointed ot the recent preliminary " Liberty of Speech" meet. lng, have decided, wo obsorvo, to hold the public moetlni in tho open air, and the meeting will take plaoe to morrow, Wednesday, in the paddook adjoining Meaars. B. end J. Loo's preml.es. High street, at ll o clock. The postponed lecture, by tho Bov. W. ? Intyre, on The Heathenism of Popery, proved and lllus Churoii at eUven"0'''1 '° t0lt0 Pl*0* °n T"nraday> 4118 Fm» On Saturday (says the Maitland MercuryX Thomas Long and Jumna Weneley wero brought beforo the bonob. at .bast Maitland, and Qoorge Hartigan appeared in obedience to. sommons, under tho chargo of participating in the late disturb- ance at the Free Presbytérien church, Wost Maitland. Fifteen other parsons had boon summoned to appear, and, with tbs ex- ception of two, answered to the call of thoir names. Tho rnairia tratos preaeot were Mr. Day. Mr. Dodds, and Mr. c. A. M'Dougall Tko proceodlnge against eight of the parties had boon Initiated' by the chief constable. Mr. Chambers appoared to conduct the prosecution for tho Crown, and Mr. Deniehy and Mr. Mallonfbr the dofenoe. Before the intbrmotton was rend in tho caso of the three parties ebovo named, Mr. Donioby statod that he had been sneoislly retained, and hod not had time to cammnnicalo with hi« clients aa to tho faota; and as tho mailor was of pabilo im portanoe, and ought not to be hastened, ho honed that a poet, ponement would be granted. Tho benoh consentod, to postpone tho esses until Friday. Mr. Deniehy, who submittod that it was a hard case to iaene warrants against the two persons under arrest, inrtoad of summonses, as against the others applied to the benoh to admit thom to hall. Ms. Chambers re- minded the bench that it was competent for them to bind the p5 ,?? ?V?T' at tho same time, to keep the peace. The benoh admitted them to hail, themselves In £100, and two sureties In £0Q each ; and farther bound them over to, keep tho uenoo for ono month, themselves In £100 each, and two sureties In £50 eaon. A case in connection with the sime disturbance-the defendant in wbloh was charged with using threatening lan- guage-waa also postponed till Friday. Steps wero taken ta ensure tho appearance of the two person» «he had failed to obe» the summonses against them. On Monday morning (says the Maitland ifercuryj,* little girl named Mary Gordon, whilst drawing water from a well on tho premises or Mr. Benham, in Bourks-straer, fell in. Mrs. Benham, who heard the sound or the bucket run- ning down, and who missed the child, ron to the well,and for- tunately ancceeded in extricating har before the lapse at many minâtes. Dr. Wigan was sont for, and promptly attended. The child, we are happy to loam, la in a fair way of recovery, though face 67 B*U< recoiVBd aos>a severs injuries on the hoad and The Mercury reports, that on Saturday an inquest was held by Dr. M'Cartney, on Ibo body of John Yorke, at the Angel Inn, West Maitland. It appeared that on Thursday last Yorke arrived at the Angel, and slept thora that night, and had breakfast and dinner next day, Good Friday. Ho complained on arrival of having been ill for twelve months, and of pain in the loft shoulder ; on the evening of Good Friday he was seized with a fit of coughing, while Bitting with another lodger, and coughing up muoh blood, and blood continuing to flow, Dr. M'Cartney was sent for by Mr. Lonsdale, bat Yorks was dead be. fore ho could reaoh the gpo!. Dr. Liddell thought death had been caused by the rupture of s blood vessel in the ghost, and the jory returned a verdict to that effect. Yesterday's Maitland Mercury states that on the previous day a bazaar was held at Mr. Cobcroft's new build, logs. East Maitland, in aid of tho building fand far the erection of St. Poler's Parsonage. Tho two rooms set apart for the par- pase were tastefully decorated with flowers. Tho tablea wore filled with a variety or arlioles, both useful and ornamental. Among the numerous artiolea displayed we noticed soma very hsndsome raiaed Borlin worked cushions and mats, embossed book markers, bead- work in all ebapca and forms, crochet work, ornamental fly-cages, card basbet*. ladies' caffs, collars, icc, ohildren'a dresses in all sizes and colours, and a variety of other nsoful artiolea. Also, sn exquisito group of flowers, painted in water colours, by Dr. Horn. Ono room waa set apart for refresh, raents, and presented a most tompling array of cakes, jellies, and all kinds of fancy confectionary, lo which the juveniles did ample justice. Under the arch stood a large pumpkin, measur. lng six fsst in circumference, and weighing lia lbs. The rooms ware small, and very much crowded, a large number of persona being present from Wast Maitland and the surrounding neigh, bourhood. A band was In attendance, and aided to enliven Uta ?nano by playing como et the popular aira vf Uta day. 