THE VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB El'EI EG RACE MEETING. Thursday, 25tU October. I860. The Victoria Jockey Club may bo congratulated upon their good fortune in opening their spring meeting under such favorable auspices The weather that according to the forebodings of those 44 prophets of ill," was to liave damped the pros pects of the club and of which every one has been for the past week complaining was pleased yester day to undergo a change, indicative it is hoped of still greater improvement for the better. "\Ve should have been more gratified had the .attendance on the Racecourso displayed a greater appreciation of the ctTorts of tbo Club to cater for the amusement of the public. The improve ments have hceii made upon the course since the last Autumn meeting are considerable, and must strike every one who has observed thorn as being characterized by great judgment, and a desire to afford accommodation to the public. The old grnwl Btand, an unsightly as well as unsafe erec tion, patronised only by members of the Club, has not been pulled down, but only remains in Its dismantled and dilapidated condition that it may serve to contrast with the substantial structure placed on the slope of what is known to Mel bourne race-goers as tho Big Ilill. This Grand Stand combining the UBeful and ornamental, is built of wood throughout, aud is of two stories, the lower one appropriated to members and such of the public as can afford to pay the fee for ad mission and the upper story to the oi poJloi at a more moderato rate. Both galleries are substan* tially built, and command a view of the whole course. Accommodation is provided for His Ex-, collency and suite iu a box erected at the right of tho stand behind which ore Buitalle retiring and refreshment rooms. Apartments are also pro vided at the loft hand side of the stand especially for " ladies. There are also rooms for tho use of tho members, aud refreshment rooms are provided both for the upper and lower gal leries on their respective floors. To the left of the stand is tho saddliug paddock, weigh room, i &c.;, and in front of tho stand railed off from the race course is a lawn nicely turfed and raised suf ficiently high to command a viow of the course. The accommodation for. carriages is also to tho left of the stand;—in short a very striking change has been made which cannot fail to surpriso and gratify every one. The greater portion of the Big ; Hill has been feuced round with corrugated iron, j The winning post being now placed in front of the stand the finish of a race can be" seen from the hill without difficulty, and answering as it docs all the purposes of a stand, the club bavo very wisely admitted the public to it on payment of odo shilling, Iu this cnclosuro, Bevcral refresh ment hootliB are erected, rendering it unnecessary to leavo it at the close of each race, and it is of sufficient magnitude to admit of promenading with some degree of comfort away from the dust, au noyanco , and risk attending the ground below. The change iu tho ..position of the grand stand has also done away with the no cessity of descending the declirity'forming the old approach to the Course, which has in times past been a fruitful source of accident to man and beast.. A new road has been cut from the vicinity of the Cattle Yards, round the front of the Race Course Hotel, the gradient being easy and the possibility, of accident out of the question. The attendance, though not equal ing anticipations, was very good, and will, no doubt, improve before tho meeting terminates. The Government lino of railway landed a con siderable number of passenger at the platform near the , Salt-water Bridge. Tho great complaint was that they compelled every one to take a return ticket, though single fares arc advertised; the reason of which was apparent wheu it was found that the change in the position of the stand compels rail way passengers to the course to walk a distance of throe-quarter of a mile, which is not likely to bo repeated a sCco'ud time if cabineu will but seo tbo propriety of reducing their charges somewhat. His Excellencywas not present during tho day, but is expected'to visit it this afternoon. Tho programme embraced six events,' quite enough for a gpurmanil, tbo principal beingthe Sapling Stakes and4U;e Fred Handicap. For the first it was tho oldstrifo ruheiyml, the battle of tho Warhawks and Premiers, What with Goshawk, Eaglebawk, "Warhawk, aud any number of hawks IjesjcJes, people became mystified, and what the public do not understand they are 6urc to take the greatest interest iu. Sccundus was dt one time the fa vorite, but lie was out of Premier, and the Warhawks wots down in the mouth. A little finesse.and up jumps one of the Hawks, and glum look tho partisans of Premier. Between Premier and Warhawk one would be led to be llevo that there was up other sire in creation worth a' explodccj apd Messrs .Simpson, Bow, Yuille, and Co, there is'another Richmond in the field. Medora's triumph was wormwood to many but tho friends of I'rernicr took spino con-johtiau to themselves that they took second hunors. The ruuuing of Flying Colors for the Derby \va3 tho themu of admirariuu. Her ctyls of doing her work was delightful to witiie.ss, and judging by her effort we are inclined to think that had she started for tho Handicap she would have won. Tho Free Handicap appeared to excite as much interest amongst betting men as the Champion Usee. What was said about Lucy Glitters will bo found noticed ebuwheiv. Only a few were iu tho secret and improved it, but many consider that amidnt such a ruck of burses, the fa vourite, unle -s Hie sprang off with tho lead, might bo prevented from running. Lucy, however, took tho had and kept it, tho rest of tho horses racing iuj a heap, and rendering it almost impos sible to mark their progress. Flat catcher was watched closely by some, but the old horse hail not got the pace. Tho winner was loudly cheered when brought {<■ tho weighing-stand, and every body bethought them of compliiucutiug tho jockey—the Mine by tho way tli.it rode Eagle I lawk in tho preceding race, and fell with him, when no «mo seemed to care a straw about him. The Handicap Hurdle Race proved as iuUre^iug to tlio public as any that preceded it. Modesty, of course, was tho favorite, and maintainedthe good opinion entertained of her. Clinker, poo old horse, showed great spirit during the first' round, . andmade the running with Modesty in rattling style, making ono wonder what he could have dono in his youthful dayB, hut the old lady had better bottom and less manners when she showed him her tail, and without touchiug a hurdle went in arm won. Fred made a spurt about the finish, but Modesty could aiford to let him close up with the race ill her hand, Reindeer was the only horse that baulked, but took tho leap immediately afterwards, and never subsequently refused. Tho Scurry Stakes brought four horses to tho scratch. One of them rejoiced in the name of Ginger, which served to amuse the bookmakers. Tho race was won by Brunette and sold afterwards for L.'l to Mr Simpson. Tho racing did not terminate until alter 5 o'clock when every one wendeil their way home, the. whole busiuessoC the day har monised ami humanised into an elegant and rational recreation; notwithstanding anything to the contrary. The events in the order of their running are aa follows:— , The New Grand Stand Stakes of WOspvs' Entrance, 5 sovs* One utile and a half. Weight forage. . Mr W. Henderson's b b Buzzard, 4 yrs, dat 41b. {Morrison) ••• 1 Mr G. Duppa's b g Witdrake, 5 yrs, 7at 41b. ^ Mr wf Lang's b c Dauntless, 3 yrs, Ost Dili. ' (Haines) . — " Mr G. Duppa's eh in Phoebe, 0 yrs, .... Bcr Mr W. Henderson ha ch e Falcon, 3 yrs ... scr i The betting at starting was 3 to 2 against Wild | rake, and 3 to 1 against Buzzard. Buzzard sprang off with tho lead,closely followed by Wildrake which positions were maintained throughout the race. Buzzard winning with apparent case. I TnE Srnrxo Savwuo Stakes of 100 sovs. En trance 5 sovs. For two year old colts and fillies. Colts, Sat; fillies, 7st 111b. Three, quarters of a mile. Mr J. Gauley's hr i Medora, by High Shenfi —Dora. (Wahlock) . —. , Mr J. Ganley'B b o Professor, by tho Premier Shamrock. (M'Gee) _ •••" * Mr W. 1-aug's b o Secundus, by the Premier Enigma. (Haines) •• Mr J. Cowcll's b f Lady Mornington, by High Sheriff—Maid of May. (E. Bishop) ... 4 Mr P. Keighran's b c Goshawk, by Warhawk Curiosity. (Bishop) .. .. .. 0 Mr W. C. Yiiillc's ch e Eagle Hawk, by War hawk—Wiihcimiiia. (Cook) ••• 0 Mr Column's b f Lucy Ashton, by Abdallak— j Lucy, (llyan) — 0 'The seven horses went to. the poBt. The race wab. evidently not without interest to turfite3 as a test of thorelativo merits of the Warhawksand the Premiers, the " ltoses and Lancasters" of the turf. The betting early in the day was,2 to 1 a-ainst Secundus, 5 to 2 against Goshawk, and 5 to 1 against Eagle Hawk. Subsequently 8 to 1 was offered against Lady Mornington, 5 . to . 4 ' against Goshawk, and 0 to t against Lucy Ashton. Eagle Hawk was much fancied, but was gonerally fought shy off, and the winucr of the race did not come very prominently forward in tho betting ex cept at a figure whicli no one felt disposed to ac 1 cept. The attempt to start the animals was in tho first instance a failure, owing to Haines on Secundus lingering too much bchiud, and had the stewards been appealed to in the event of any dis pute arising they would have justly deprived the jockoy of any subsequent chance in tho race. The horses raced same yards before they were pulled up, Coshawk holding first place, Lady Mornington second, and Eaglo Hawk third. vYIiat mi»ht have been the result had the animals been permitted to proceed it would be difficult to say, but on their recall by the starter a second timo to the post they got off without a baulk when Gos hawk took up tho running for a short distance and immediately resigned it to Professor, tho favorite Eagle Ilawkbeiug in tho ruck behind. Between Professor and Goshawk there seemed to bo strong rivalry each animal alternately changing places. The pace proring to strong for Goshawk his placo waa taken up by Medora, ber jockey Waldock apparently keeping ber well in hand, Lady Morn ington in the third position. At this time it was evident that tho Warkaivks would ho defeated, both Goshawk and Eagle Hawk holding very in ferior places without the remotest chance of show ing in front. Even tho Premiers did not main tain their high pretentions and tho miming of Medora and Lady Mornington promised to bring a now - siro .into notice. Medora having once taken the loading position Waldock seemed determined she Bhouhl not loso it, and though pressed by Professor, it was seen that IValdoek's horso was well in hand, and was ultimately landed a winner by a length or two. Tho race for second position lying between Pro fessor and Secundus, both premiers. Lady Mornington was n reasonable fourth, and though not placed Goshawk was fiith. Eagleliawk never had a ghost of a chance, but much was made of tho horso falling with the jockey before reaching the distance post, an old man or an old woman, or both—for different) teles were told—having crossed the course and tumbled over tile, horse. All the enquiries we made could not elicit what old man or woman had got into the way of tho animal. - Victoria Jocket Cum Dr.nnr, of 150 soys, with a sweepstakes of 15 sovs added. For tliree-year-old colts Sst "lb and fillies, 8at 411). One mile mid a half. Value of the stoke 259 sovs. Mr G. Watson's b f Flying Colours, by Dolo— SUiel naGuira Tracy ..1 Mr 1'. Bowling's b c, the Corsair, by Conard, Haidco (JenkiiiB) •• 2 Mr Cornell's b f BounyRosc, byWarkawk, Hose bud (K. Bishop) •• 3 Mr Lang's b o Presto, by the Premier, Shamrock (Lang) _ 4 FlyingColors was decidedly the favorito agamst the field. Bonny Hose was held in Bome favor, bnt her ferocious temper rendered people shy of investing any large amount upon her and Presto was too lubberly looking an animal to do anything, even had ho not Men ridden by his owner. A. false start was made, owing to Bonny Rose refusing to go. Tomako her too tho mark it was necessary to hold her head, and when the flag was lowered tho (animal rushed right up to the fencing, and but for the jockey pulling hard would havo gono against it with such violence as to have thrown both horso and rider to the ground, The second attempt to make aHtartwaa anything but favorable to Boiiny Roso, owing to her detormina, tion to tako any runnjng hut tho straight ono, and before lior jockey could get her head right on for the course Flying Colours, and Presto,* and Tho Corsair, had made so wide a gap between her that her chances appealed hopeless. Before tho horses had reached tho old Grand Stand, Bonnie ltoso had shortened tho distance and took up a second placo, Flying Colors keeping steadily iu the front. Tho interest of the race appeared to be centred in tho plucky running of Bonny Rose, and tho bota wore as to her beating Corsair for second position. The running of Flying Colours was much admired, ber jockey putting her quietly and with apparent ease to her work, and when brought to scale after winning the race it was re marked that not a hair was turned. Corsair camo in second with a good flogging, and but that Bonnie Rose was pushed early in tho race to make good tho lost ground, Corsair would havo been obliged to give way, and the winning horse would not have \vou his laurels so easily. Laug puued Presto up as soon as he half mado good his dis tance. The Jocket Club Free Handicap, * of ■ 190 sovs. Acceptors paid 6 sovs. One mile and a Mr'iW. "C. Yuillc's br m Lucy Glitters, S yrs;-7st 71b (Cook) ' „"'.4 Mr H. Fisher's b m Stormy Potfel, 4 yrs, SBt 71b (Simpson) .. . 2 Mr J. Lamb's b g Attila, aged, 8st71b (Hayes) 3 Mr Bavin's gr g Flatcatcbcr, 0 yrs, lOst (Per juns) ,, i , Mr G. Duppa's ch m Phasbo, 0 yrs, Ost 121b Mr S. Evans's br g Othello, aged, 9at 71b (WaL 'dock) Mr P. J. Keighran's b g Tranby, aged, 9st 4lb. (Booth) ............................. 0 Mr E. Leahy's br m Beeswing, aged, Oat 41b (Cowell) Mr J. Henderson eh m Despatch, 6 yrs, 9st (Jenkins) ■ . . ■ ••• Mr A. Chirnsido's br g Haphazard,"aged, Jst (Mitchell) ■ ■ _ — MrE. Colenjan'abgDetencc, 5 yrs, 8at. lulu (Ryan) •• Mr E. Coleman's b g Partisan, 0 yrs, 8st 71b ^ (Carter) Mr J. Grant's b gTarraB, lato Mainstay, aged, Sst 71b (E. Bishop) " Mr J.Wilson's br g Tiger, aged, 8st(E. Bishop) 0 Mr S. Cole's b m Mountain Maid, 4 yrs, 8st (Holmes) ••• ® Mr Chance's br lr Inkerman, aged, 7st 71b (Yccud) •• " Mr H. Atkinson's b f Shepherdess, 3 yrs, Cst 12!b (McGeo) Mr G. Watson's b 1 Flying Colours, 3 yrs, 7st, scr Mr W- Henderson us b g Loddou, 5 yrs, 8at 41b scratched Mr W. Ling's br h Flying Jib, 4 yrs, Sst 101b scr Mr G. Duppa's b g Wildrake, 5 yrs, 9at 41b scr Tliis was undoubtedly the race of llioday. More interest was centred upon it, and much anxiety manifested in the result. It was an nilniimbla race for a sweepstakes, mill many a little " pot was got on by a shake of the hat for a pound or two round. To say what horse was the favorite was a difficult matter. Fivo to one against Lucy Glitters was tho morning's quotation, but it was not forgotten tliat she had suddenly jumped to her present position from anythiug almosto ft oockcd hat; that Mr Yuillo was tho owner; ami that his stable lads were up to a trink or two. Si* to one was offered against Dispatch and Pliiubo and finite fancied Beeswing, whilst against others any odiU might be obtained, Ihc run ning of l'lving Colors in the previous race brought the animal into notice, but it was not gcneraUv known whether Watson would run her so soon 'utter her previous triumph. Just before the race the word went round to a few to put the pot mi with Lucy Glitters, for that she was en'to win Many Wok the advice, hut others re e irdcd it as a sell, and refused to fall into what tiicv conceived to he a trap, and afterwards re-retted their incredulity. Seventeen horses were brought to the post out of the twcidy-mie entered, the four declaring forfeit being l-'lviii" Jib, Wildrake, Lmhinn, and Flying Colors. With such a number of horses it was less a difficulty »VJko a start than was anticipated. Thuv were leisurely walked up to the post, but had'to wheol round and come up again once or twice before tlir-y could be brought into regular order, and when the flag dropped, the rush of the animals past the stand was terrific. Amidst, so many horses is was a matter of great difficulty to particularise the conduct of any but those in. the front of the ruck. Lucy Glitters took the lead, buHvith'Very slight advantage until.past tho old grand stand, when her position improved and she gradually increased it in spite of the attempts of Stormy Petrel or Attila to overhaul her, coming in a winner well in hand, and in no wise praised. Stormy Petrel a good second Attilla tliirll; the rest not placed, but Partisan running fourth, Othello fifth, and Shepherdess sixth. SlrYuillo waa congratulated by many upon his sucees<, and tho jockey also came in for a share of applauso, and a hearty shako of tho hand by men who at any other time would blush to speak to the lad, as sorry a specimen of Young Australia as could bo seen hi a day's ramble through Uonrkc-Btrcet. Every body called Yuille a lucky dog, and every body said to every body who bad won money and lost money, for where there ore winners there must bo losers, " Did'nt I tell you bo," to which tho responso was in very many instances, a shrug of tho shouldors, nud per haps such an exclamation as " But who would bclicvo it of Yuille." Handicap Hukme Race, of 75 sovs. Entrance, Sbovs. Twice round. Mr J. Kcys's gr m Modesty, aged, list (Mahon) 1 Mr H. Fisher's gr g Fred, (i yrs, fist 71b (Simp Mr S. Cole's b g Birthday, late Blue Bonnet, aged, fist 41b (West) ...3 Mr G. Vatson'B b gSt. Clair, 6 yrs, lOst (John son) " ' .. 0 Mr E. Leahy's b h Donovan Brown, aged, lOst (Council) .0 Mr J. Lamb's clt g Clinker, aged, fist 71b (Mof fat) ... 0 Mr A. Chirnsido's 1) g Reindeer, aged, fist (Ro binson). ■ ... 0 Mr J. Alleu's b g Kinchin, aged, fist 101b,' ...scr Modesty's well known qualifications placed her in the favorite position, and no one could bo found hi lay against her. Kinclten, who was tlin most likely .animal to put her upon her mettle, was scratched, and neither St. Clair or Fred were laid upon except to utako up the book. In this race there wero seven hurdle leaps, and when the word " Oil"' was given Modesty, disdaining to stay behind, sprang forward to show the way, and was cordially seconded by Clinker, Who lacking modesty avus yet nothing loth to show tho lady over tho stiles. They took their leaps together in a most loving rannner, nor would the gallant Clinker be said nay to, though the fair lady repeatedly attempted to shake him off. Now it was Clinker and again it avas Modesty, the horse taking his leaps in a more business-like way, gallopping up to his fences, and never halting for a second to rise and spring over them, a .style of doing business that gave him in the race with Modesty a clear length in every leap, the mare losing ground slightly in gathering herself up before taking her jumps, which was also remarked of tho remainder of tho horses. During the first time round, neither Clinker or Modesty could be said to have the advantage, until a second time past the stand, when it became evident that Clinker was outpaced, and lie suddenly ceased his exertions aud permitted Birthday to take the second position, and never afterwards showed in the race, Near the Abattoir Fred was put to it and passing Birthday began to press too close upon Modesty to bo pleasant, but the mare held her own, and won by n length. It waa thought a close shave, and some considered that had tho horses but another leap to take Fred would have won, but he did not, and therefore tho grey mare was tho better horse. Scunav Stakes, of 30 sovs. Entranco, 1 sov. Weight for age. Winner to bo sold for L40, and any surplus to go to tho fund, l'ost entry. Mr Yeend's Warrigal Mr Payne's Brunette Mr Henderson's Cherryman Mr Inglemar'a Ginger Tho lead was taken by Brunette, and never lost, Wsldoek,on Cherryman, striving to take it, but without effect. Ginger was third, and Warrigal fourth. 