SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, January 24. The absorbing topic of conversation for some time past has been the heat, and as the telegrams report th-»t Melbourne also has suffered, you can sympathise with our feelings. We all say and believe that Saturday was the hottest day since the colony was selded—117J degrees in the shade and 159 in the sun in Adelaide. Gawler Town which is generally considered somewhat hotter than Adelaide, reports 123 degrees in the shade ; but there is a difference between one shade and another. A gentleman told me that tbe heat reached 146 degrees under his shed, but I supposed is bad a galvanised iron roof, or something equally heat conducting. I asked no questions for I could believe any tiling of the heat of Saturday. Several deaths have occurred from ran stroke, almost occasioned by preventible causes, such as reckless exposure and indulgence in strong liquors. The crops are all past being benefitted by rain, and the three days' hot wind has injured irreparably many vineyards and orchards, is sad to see the apples and peaches roasted on the trees, and the grapes converted into perfectly useless raisins. The drought of the past season has prevented the growth of much foliage to screen the bunches of gripes, and they have suffered the more severely in consequence. As our vinegrower; are acquiring skill and improving the quality of their wine. Providence, by the excessive drought, is reducing its quan titv very much ; the vintage in spite of the breadth of new land coming into bearing every year, will be much smaller than that of 1859 An experienced vinegrower in the south, who has nearer an average crop than any of his neighbours, never ties np his vines at all, and has consequently more foliage and shelter. Bnsh fires have been constantly occurring in the hills and all over the country, bnt they have not hitherto done very much damage, though they excite great alarm. I hope we may be spared such a conflagration as we had last ummer. Those who have gone to try to stock Stuart*! new country have been checked by the drought, and have lingered on the outside settled country waiting for rain. Nobody thinks of taking sheep, bnt several large mobs of cattle are halting en route. CHIEF BAEOK I^igholbok.—We have been, shown a private letter from England, written by an intimate friend of the Chief Baron, which states positively that the Court hitherto held in Maiden lane, Strand, is likely to change its venue to Melbourne, or, in other words, that the learned judge with his bar and witnesses intend taking np their abode for a short time at the antipodes.— SeWs life. MORE FRIGHTENED THAN HURT.—Yesterday as two Celestials were passing a butcher's shop in Bridge-street, the one being a little in advance of the other, a powerful gust of wind which passed ova 1 at the time, blew down two or three shutters which had been stacked outside the door. These fell upon " John the hindmost," and pave him a sudden and rather unexpected capsize. The frightened Mongolian gave one stifled groan, which succeeded in attracting the attention of his brother of the sun, anc then, evidently giving himself up for lost, to all appearance gave up the ghost and laid down in a thoron^ly melodramatic swoon. Two or three people rushed up, and the shutters were removed. John was raised from the ground, and with a most dolorous aspect proceeded on Ms way in company with his mzXe.—Beniigo Advertiser. In New York there has been formed a Young Men's Early rising Association, all the members of which are obliged to be up at a certain hour. It originaŁed witlrabouta half dozen men, who. having kept up :this habit for some years, were surprised at its beneficial effects, and at the success in life of the associates. -An ostrich, received some weeks ago by Dr. Lepetre, member of the {Zoological Society of Acclimation, SŁ Andre leFontenay, near Caen, diedlately,- and onjbeing qpened/a dosed krn& some stones, some nails, Udssl^ were found in his stomach. ' 