WEEKüLIT EPIïOStl!. PiiiDAY EVENING. Ma. BUCKLEY has been gazetted as Auditor General , and lins resigned his seat in tho Assem- bly. For the vacancy thus created in the repre- sentation of Ea6t Moreton two candidates ure spoken of willi certainty-Mr. T. S. Warry and Mr. T, L. M. Prior, and it is generally believed that Mr. R. Cribb will make his appearance in the field. Mr. Blakenoy, bj' way of filling up the time previous to obtaining the Police Magistracy be- fore spoken of, has accepted the post of Com- missioner to enquire into the charges affecting Mr. Halloran's official character. Of course, Mr. B. only does this upon certain " teiums," and it a question whether, after having accepted such a post, he can hold his seat in the House. Wo believe not, since every representative is bound to resign upon receiving un appointment-other than that of responsible minister-in virtue of which he draws upon I lie public treasury.. It is now pretty well understood that Mr. Jor- dan is to go .home as Immigration Agent, and the'North Australian' states that he is lo receive a salary of £600 a year and his expenses. For such a handsome "consideration" as this, the work ought to bo done thoroughly, and we must look for the result in (he number of ship- loads of immigrants that Mr. Jordan succeeds in sending out during the four years. Apropos of this subject, we may give vent to an opinion we have heard expres-ed that, ai Dr. Laug is going home on the same errand on his " own hook," it is hardly worth whilo to put tho colony to an expense of £800 or £1000 a year in tending home Mr. Jordan ; especially as the Doctor is likely to bo the most successful udvocato of the two. It is confidently stated that Mr. John Kent, of Ipswich, is to have the appointment of Police Magistrate in that town. Mr. K. is the editor of \be " North Australian," and the " North Australian" has been beslavering tho Attorney General pretty much lately. Quot loci, tot adulalores. A publio meeting was held at the Commer- cial Hotel, South Brisbane, on Monday evening last, for the purpose of forming a Mechanics' Institute on the South side. Ths chair was taken by Mr. H. Richards, M.P., and several gentlemen spoke in favor of the object for which 'the meeting was convened. A provisional com- mittee of fifteen persons was appointed to frame rules, &c;, mid at the close of the proceedings a subscription list was opened, and upwards of £25 subscribed towards the library fund, several gen- tlemen promising books, periodicals, &c.; Thirty members were enrolled. At the usual weekly meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Counoil on Monday, a report of the Improvement Coniruitteo was brought up, recom- mending that the culvert proposed to bfc erected in Queen-street, between Wharf and . Creek streets, should bo made a little to the north of the present bridge, but at the same time recom- mended that, as the road at present was in fair repair, it should stand over till the beginning of 1861, as the . works in hand did not leave sufficient funds to carry out any moro large works this year. The Market Committee submitted a code of bye laws for the consideration of the Council, which, after some explanation, were ordered to be on the table for a week. A resolution to the effect that stone bo punted to Kangaroo Point for the purpose of repairing tho road in that locality, was agreed to. Tenders were invited for cleaving the road on Wickham Ter race, from the point already cleared to tho Oreen Hills or North Road. Alderman Cribb brought up the motion standing in his name, relativo to tho construction of a culvert in Queen- street, which, after some conversation as to the cost (estimated at from £500 to £1500), was carried by a majority of four to throe. The last monthly return of the Brisbane Hospital shows tho number of persons in that institution on the 1st of October to he 34-27 pauper, and 7 pay patients. An advertisement appeared in our paper on Tuesday, signed by the Harbour J'aster, noti- fying an encroachment of the sand bank upon freeman's Channel in a north easterly direc- tion from the Red Buoy. The amount of duties received at tho Bris- bane custom house during the past month'was £2650 6s. 4d., and during the past quarter £9874 Os. Id. Tho return of tho past month shows a considerable falling off compared with that of the previous mouth, but the quarter, on the whole, indicated a largo increase. ' The usual fortnightly dramatic readings were held in tho School of Arts on Tuesday, when the following pieces were road :-" The Vulgar. Little Boy," by Mr. Allwood ; a chapter of " Crristophor Tadpole," by Mr. lloghton; part of the play of ?' Tho Lady of Lyons," by Mr. Allwood: and a chapter from " Martin Chuz-? zlewit," by Mr. Hoguton. The last meeting of ffuilding Society, No. 2, was held in the Police-office on Monday. The final . report was read by the Secretary, and was declared to bo highly satUfaotory. The society has lasted four years, and those who have not bought out will netta piont of £16 8s. on each of their shares, and besides this, a further dividend of 5s. 9d. in. the £ on the last monthly pay ment of each member. The Executive Council have not yet come to n decision with regard to the acceptance of tenders for the construction o f tho electric telegraph line, but a meeting of the Council will be held to-moirow, and the tenders will then be taken into consideration. At tho Government Land Sale in the Brisbane Police Office on Wednesday, out of tho sixty-one lots offered for sale, only l8 wore disposed of, and the amount realized £242 12s. Id. In no in- stance did the lots realize a higher sum than the upset price fixed. It is generally understood that his Excellency the Governor will leave by tho Clarenco for Wide Bay on Tuesday, on his contemplated visit to tho Northern distriots. In Thursday's issue we published the petition of the resident inhabitants, freeholders mid householders, in tho Clarence mid Richmond dis- tricts to the Queen, praying that her Majesty will exercise the right reserved to her by the Constitution Act, by separating thoso districts from New South Wales, and annexing them to the colony of Queensland. The petition, which, we believe, emanated from Dr. Lang's tien, ably and succinctly details all the facts necessary to a proper understanding of (ho position of allans. It exposes tho whole of tho chicanery and in- trigue attendant upon tho Armidale court peti- tion-so called-of 1850, which said petition was nothing more nor less tliuii nu anti-separa- tion document, got up by interested parties, and for which signatures were obtained by represent- ing its sole objeot to the establishment of a cir- cuit court at Armidale. It also shows the ab- surdity of tho present boundary, and points out the udvautages to be gained hy substi- tuting for it tim 30th parallel of latitude, at which point the physical features of the country aro specially adaptable to the purposes of territorial partition. Tho petition also en- larges apon the injustice with which the reven no arising from thoso districts has been appropriated by Now South Wales, without any adequate ex- penditure being returned ; and it is »tnted that, whilo £80,000 were derived from the districts, only £4000 wero expended. We I olieve that the petition is being rapidly signed, and will very probably bo entrusted to the caro of Dr. Lang, who is about to visit England, for presentation lo the Secretary of Stato. On Saturday last, Bishop Tiiffuell was welcomed in St. Paul's Cliuroh, Ipswich, by tho parishoners of that elimnh and neighbourhood. An address, signed by 127 persons, was presented to him by Colonel Gray, The Bishop, in reply- ing, made an appropriate speech, mid gave a short outline of the stato of episoopal affairs, &o.; Wo hear that it is tho intention of the right rev. gentleman to make n tour through Toowoomba, Uraytjii, etc. Tho Rev. Dr. Lang and his son, Mr. G. D. Lang, have determined upon visiting Europe, their object liebig to promote A suitahlo ctnmm of emigration to Quconslnnd, in Accordance with the provisions of tho Land Act, and the encouragement of cotton-growing. It is their intention to visit England, Scotland, and Iro land, and by lecturing, writing, &c.;, in the towns and villages of those countries, to pro claim the vaiied ícsources, climate, and capa» btlities of this colony It is the intention of Mr G D Lang to start next month, and Di Lang will piobably sail in the middle of No- vember Ciptam MicliosU, who is it present in Ips- wich, has compl ted his final auangements foi the gold seeking expedition, and will piobijly stait on Monday ne\\.t A Government land Sale was held at the Police omeo, Ipswich, on 1st Octobei, when thiee country lots were sold foi £193 5s , and 17 town lots in the villigoof Laidley were sold for £76 10s In the village of Gatton, 24 lots were parted with, íealiiiíng £159 5s Out of 54 lots put up tor sale, only Io were unsold A public meeting, comened by advcitise ment, took place m the Clatcndon Hotel, Ipswich, on Wednesday, m fuitherince of the proposal to get up a Queenslmd Champion ".wcepstakes, to be um foi on the Ipswich com se in May next Mi Muiphy, (Mnyoi), took the chau, and sevciil gentlemen spoke in fa vom of the scheme iiguiug th it it would br.ng a good many people to the dist! ict w ho besides spending then money theie, would judgo foi themselves what soit of i placo Ipswich was At the cloie of the meeting a subscnption list-njs handed lound foi signa tuic, and th large amount of £200 3s was subscwbal in sums \aijmg fiom £20 to £', making togethci with the pieuous subsetip tions a total of £G81 3s A Cricket Club is in eouioe of formation at Maryborough I he " W B and Burnett Times" says -" Wo have been lately infoimed that amifeious de- posits have been pioeuied in various loca lties, within foi ty miles of Man borough, and that the general op mon is, that "these places would be lound, on being proipccted, to tuin out good pay- able gold fields Lot us hope »o, ana also that some means may bo devised for testing their Butiferoua in ture." A coiiespondent signing himself "J B, states, in the same paper, that ho has lately visiU 1 the lresh water lake lopoi ted some time ago ns having been dl*.co^eled by Lieutenant liligh, in tho neighborhood of the Carroora Mountain He states that the lake in quest ou H u. Uige sheet of watei se\en miles in lengtli by about fjui in width, and about foi ty miles south-east fiomMaiyboiough Adjoining this lake to the southwaid js a s milai sheet ot watei, but of a Ingei aica, communicating with the sea thiough Lagani Bay "J B" also states that the aloiigmes nifoimod linn th it fm thor south again theie woio two othei lakes of sinnlai appeaiance, foi ming a continu- ous chain The couespondent assetts that the watei in both of the lakes was unraistalieably salt when he visited them, but has no doubt but ti at in the uppei lake would become fit foi use in wet seasons The sittings of the Supreme Court weie hold at Maryboiough on the 27th and 28th of Sep- tember, and 1st of October. The partioulais are elsewhete given m our columns. The "Wide Bay and Butnott Times" has given up the ghost oi as the piopnotor moie elegantly pluases it, its publication is " post poned foi an indefinito poiiod" Oui Man boiough couespondent puts tho failure down to inefficient management, and states that anothei journal will soon bo staited 