A RUN WITH THE BEAGLES Dear Bell,— Tho M. H. C. have their ' Nimiod'a Ghost,' and the Goolong club their 'Furcster,' and thongli our little, pack do not make any great preten sions, yet their doingr must still rocciro a short record from 'Brookeide.' LnstFiidny evening wo again visited Mordialloo, and such a parly of choice spirits wore assembled as /or ' Wine and wassail, song and Jest,' seldom mot together. Not having the fear of Mr. Wstt son's strict daylight punctuality in our hearts, Ills fan was kept up ''fast and furious,' to vcrjruiuall hour-, and it was long after nino on Salurday morning that wa sat down to brooklet, and after ten whon we (allied out to havo a run with ihe beadles. When I eay a run, Mr. Editor, 1 mean a nm, for we did not turn out on any other tupporta-'*o« ''Shanka'a ponies,' and Mr.Honder ton's littlo boauiios soon pavo bellows to mend. Our first sport was the killing of the bandicoots, one of which ran so well as to lead us to think this little animal would afford excellent greyhound courses. You most not think that all of us wore nblo to bo far sxorciso our pedestrian abilities os to koep at the tails of the beagles. Oh no! , Every available s'uiup was climbed for a viow, and tho most sensible, of tho lot woro to be scan Dwelled in a Bit ting posture, and calmly smoking llieir three inches of clay or myafl. Sudleulj, howerer, a despairing cry was benrd from tho two or three who had been footing it, nnd we found that tho pack, in spito of whips and scold ingn, bni taken a 'nncy to have a chevy after » pet emu, Tha emu had approached out of cuiiosity; but ono of the bitches opened at him, and finding bis advances of f iendsbip misunderstood, tbo long lecgcd bird had to cut for hia life. Ab for whore be lod them, deponsnt nor no ono else knows ; suffice it to Bay, no more ni aeon of tbo beagles, and wo toddlod back to dinner. Just at twilight we mado off for Melbourno, nnd except that somehow or other our horses would b It with the vehicle?, and btumps would get under tho wheels, we had no adventure serious enough to recount. ___^___ BUOOKSIDZ. 