ELECTION OF MAYOR. TO THE EDITOR OP THE ARGUS. Sir,-In reply to the vory gentlemanly lottar i this day's Argus, signed "Flinders-street," T beg to inform you that I was returned to th » ' City Council without my sanction or oonourrenoa, and was ignorant enough to suppose that I couid act as an independent man, I hope all the gen- tlemen who thought I was to bo made a tool of in favour of Patrick Costello, Esq., are by th'w time satisfied of their error. After being eleoted as above, I most certainly shall not resiga to nlease nnv anonymous slanderer. ? * I am, Sir, yours obediently, JAMES OAPLE, Councillor for Lonsdale Ward. 29 Collins-street west, Melbourno, Nov. 12. GEELONG YACHT CLUB.-The second match of thejseason took place on Saturday afternoon. The weather was very fine, and a largo concourse of persons had assembled on the wharfs to seo the start. The following were tho computing craft:-Gauntlet, 7 tons, Mr. Scott; Tharne*, 8 tons, ' Mr. Tatham ; Psyche, 11 tons, Mr. Neilley; Southern Cross, 7 tons, Mr. Heath. The Psyche allowing the Cross and Thames eatíh two minutes, and Gauntlet ten minutes. Tlt3 prize was £5 and tho entrance moneys, and th-a course twice round.the moorings at the railway jetty, Oowie's Creek, and the boat ohannol. Tho yachts carno to tho start at 5 minutes past 2, when tho gun gave the signal, and, bending her sails to a smart south-westerly breeze, tha Southern Cross prettily led the way rouud the first buoy, closely followed by the Psycho and Gauntlet, the Thames lagging lazily in the rear. This position was well maintained till tho boats neared the moorings off Cowies Creek, when some portion of the Psyche's topmast gear wai carried away. This mishap gave tho Gauntlet al opportunity of trying her metal against the Cross. Passing the Psyche the Gauntlet smartly rounded the flag boat off the creolt, and showed "plucky" for second honours a9 far as the channel buoy, which sho rounded one and a half minutes before the Psyche and two and a half behind the Cro3i. Some time before this tho gaff topsail of the Thames had given way, and lue " salts" not per- ceiving the ghost of a hope of winning the race, resigned thomsolvos comfortably to their fate, and showed no moro. It was rumoured afloat that their ballast kegs had leaked, and that sha was half full of rum and wator, but we don't vouch for the truth of the yarn. In the moan time the Psycho, having recovered herself, showed fight for her lost honours, and quickly won them, and the competing craft once mora oc- cupied the same relative positions as at starting. Tha contest now evidently lay between tha Southern Cross and Psyoho, the latter oE whioh rounded the jetty buoy on her sooond course 50 seconds after the Cross. The two boats near made a beautiful raoo ; tho breeza had considerably freshened ; the distance between them was merely nominal ; both boats were sailed to win, and all the skill either know was exhibited freely. The second and their homeward moorings were passed, and still the Cross held her own, yet gained nothing. Off tho powder magazine, both craft going about lay nearly alongside each other, when fortune blew a sudden puff into her sister Psycho's sails, and at once she shot to windward of her opponent. The Cross hauled down her clumsy gaff- topsail, which, from the commence- ment, she had been better without, carno up with the Psyche, passed her, and arrived at the flagship tho easy winner of a beautiful and wetl suBtained contest. Southern Cross, oh. 18m, 35s. ; Psyche, 5h. 21m. 25s. Gauntlet and Thames gave up the first time round. At a quarter- past 2 the following boats started in the Sweep- stakes Race:-Bonita, Mr. Smith; Aunie, Mr. Meadows ; Fairy Queen,-; Kelpie, Mr. Wil- liams. This match was won easily by the Kelpie, time 4h. 29m. Of the other boats in this race we may observe that the crew of the Fairy Queen gave up the contest, and went in for a swimming match at Stingaree Bay, followed by the Annie on a fishing excursion. Tho Bonita Bailed on this occasion out of sight altogether. The stakes were handed over at Ross's Hotel on Saturday evening, and the opportunity was availed of to pass a vote of thanks to the captain of the Sea Star for allowing his vessel to be used as a flag ship, and the same compliment was paid to the crew of the Annie Meadows, which put back to piok up those of the Fairy Queen capsized in Stingaree Bay.-Geelong Adicrtiser, November 12. SUDDEN AND MYSTERIOUS DEATH.-A magis- terial inquiry was held on Friday last, on the body of George Ryan Fulford, Campbell's Creek. The following is the substance of evidence taken before Captain Harrison, the police magistrate, who has adjourned the inquiry until the 15th inst. :-" Mrs. Fulford deposed that her husband was in his usual state of health during Thursday, had eaten his meals regularly, and, whilst sitting by the fireplace, at about 8 o'clock in the even- ing, with his child on his knee, had suddenly fallen forwards. She lifted him up, he com- plained of being ill, and shortly afterwards fell into the fireplace, with the child underneath him. She called to her neighbours, who came and as- sisted in placing him on the bed. He gasped heavily a few times, never spoke afterwards, and soon expired. Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton said they were called by the screams of Mrs. Ful- ford, at about a quarter past 8. They went, and found her endeavouring to raise her husband from the floor. They assisted in lifting him up to the bed. Ho did not speak -breathed and sighed heavily a few times, and then died. They bathed his face with water, but finding their efforts unavailing, they fetched a doctor. Dr. Merson said he was sent for about 9 o'clock to see the deceased. He found him dead. " At the request of the police magistrate I have made a post mortem examination of the body. I found the right lung sound, the left very small, with old adhesions to the walls of the chest. The heart was larger than ordinary, and the pericardium contained more than the usual quantity of serum. The heart was full of black fluid blood, but there was no valvular dis- ease. The small intestines were inflamed, and a portion of them dark-coloured. The stomach was greatly distended, its internal coat much in- flamed, and it contained a large quantity of gruel-looking substance. I have seen enough in the examination of the body to induce me to consider that his life was precarious, but I cannot account for his sudden dissolution. Taking into consideration the testimony with regard to his health and activity during the day, his sudden death without previous complaint of illness, the appearance of recent inflammation of the stomach, the absence of aneurism, and the normal state of the head, I have deemed it proper to place the stomach and its contents in a new clean stone jar, with a view to chemical examination and analy- sis." The inquiry was then adjourned, the con- tents of the stomach to be forwarded to the Government analyst.--Mount Alexander Mail, November 12. OURSELVES.-The old English blood has not stagnated in our veins. The population of the country is rapidly increasing, despite of the enormous drain of emigration-nor has the race degenerated in any respect. Most of the suits of,armour in tho Tower would be found too small for the stout limbs of the young Cumber- land recruits who join the ranks of our house- hold troops. The duration of life has increased. It is a mistake to suppose that the inorease of luxury has sapped the vigour of tho English people. 'Wa have still a practical monopoly of the coal and iron of tho world, and increased skill in using them. Better still-wo have abso- lute freedom of action and thought.-Once a SIPRÔsPEcrma IN CANADA. - The Toronto olonist says that tho quartz-mining fever rage] with increasing violence, that half the people are "prospecting, and that every corner is filled with " specimens." Sir W. Logan had pronounced a specimen os genuino, and an experienced Oali 'fctrtiiàtrtminer states that the quartz found ia Granby exhibited-indications of-great richaesa. Qlobc. 