UNITED STATES. Tu? last vows from America contains particulars of a negro nod abolitionist insurrection at Harper's Ferry, a small town on the banks of theim Potomac in Virginia. It was of brief duration, and an insignificant affair as to the numbers engaged in it; but it appears to have created a feeling of profound alarm throughout the Union. The steps taken by the stato and federal government to crush it out wore prompt and successful ; it was utterly without results as a movement on the part of the negroes against their masters; but it is probably significant of what may yet happen in slave holding America. The particulars are thus given by the Now York correspondent of a London journal: An elderly man named John Brown, or as he is more conmmonly called "Old Brown of Ossowatomeis," n native of New England, and a settler ad leading combo tant on the free soil side in Kansas during the troubles there, appears 0o have con trived and carried it out, as far as it went. Brows, is a New England puritan of the old school, and went to the west with a family of six sons, to better his fortune by farming. lie was in Knusas when it was invided by tho border rutlians, andst though he has always been an abolitionist he never displayed any finaticism in the causeo ustil his house tad been burned, two or three of his sons killed under circum stances of peculiar atrocity, and numbers of his neighbors murdered and driven from their honses before his eyes. 'iThe loss of his sons seems to have deranged his mind, and he took the field with as many men as hie could muster, and at once became the terror of the pro.slavery men. He de feated all immensely superior force of them at Ossowatomie, and did summary exen tion upon large numbers of single Indivi duals, and all in a spirit of the most exalted religious enthusiasm. tie finally got it into his head that he was commissioned by God to wage war upon slavehlolders and liberate negroes, and seems to have in spired his followers with a portion of his own frenay. No man performed half so many daring exploits in the course of ithe war. More than once ihe seized upon Iis sourlans In their own homes, in the dead of the night, and hanged them on the nearest tree, for having participated in outrages on the free-state ment in Kansas; and he last became the bughear and terror of all the border rufllfans. Whenever " Old Brown" was reported to be In the neigh borhood they instantly disappear.d. When the war was over a return to his old mode of life was of course impossibtle. The loss of his sons shad maddened him, and he de voted himself entirely to carrying off slaves to Canada. That he was countenanced and encouraged in this by many leading abo litieonists there seems to be no reason to doubt; but that any of them went any further has yet to be proved. For the last year or nmore the public has not hoard much of him, but during tits interval he seems to have been busily engaged in or ganising an insurrection of the slaves. Yith this view lie went to Virgluia, hired a fatrm in tihe neighborhood of lIarper's Ferry, and having quietly,and as it appears without exciting any observation, collected a considerable quantity of arms and ammu nition, and been joined by fifteen of his most devoted followers, including his two surviving sons, on tihe evening of the 18th inst. lie seized upon thie United States' armoury in the village, arrested and Im prisoned the employes and many of the principal inhabitants in tsa neighborhood, blocked up the railroad, cut tilhe telegraph wires, and called on the negroes to join him. Th'le negroes did not join him, however, and in a skirmish with some of the railroad men hlie remained master of the field, hut was finally driven back into the armoury, whichs hie loopholed and barricaded. lie defended the armoury succassfully until the arrival of militia from all parts of the country, and of marines from Washington. ite was then summoned to surrander, re fused to so, and tihe door being burst open, he and his surviving followers-only two out of seventeen-were captured, Brown himself being badly wounded. One or two of his adherents, who did not succeed in entering tihe armoury with him, made their escape, and are still at large. Brown was indicted before the state judges for treason and murder. The correspondlent of the London Daily News thus describes the conduct of the legal authorities : The trial of "Old Brown," as ihe is called, was brought to a close last night by a verdict of guilty. This resulit of course excites no surprise, but the in decent and inhuman precipitation by which the whole proceedings have been marked htave excited a reaction, even in the feelings of the ultra- conservatives, in the prisoner's favor, lie was, as I men tioned in my last letter, brought Into court on a bed with four severe wounds in various paris of Ihis body, and arraigned while unable to sit tp without assistance. Moreover,though te declared that Ihe could have no confidence in the Virginian counsel assigned him by tihe court, con. sidering the excited state of the public mind and the ferocious hostility exhibited towards himn by all classes of tihe commu nity, be was refused the two days' delay ttit would have been necessary to procure legal assistance from tihe Free States, upon which hie could rely. The consequence was that the members of tihe Mlassachlu seits and Ohio bar whom ihe enmployed did not make their appearance in court until all the evidetice for the prosecution wes in; and they were compelled to enter upon their' duties without consultation with tile prisoner, without any accurate knowledge of tihe facts, and little or none of the Virginian criminal code. On Satur day evening they had been without sleep for two nights, partly spent in tra velling, partly in study, and pressed for an adjourument until Monday morning to enab!e them to recover from complete physical exhaustion. The prosecution fiercely opposed it, on the grouud that all the women in Virginla "were Itharassed by alarm and anxiety as long as the trial losted," and that tile jurymen wanted to get home to their wives ; and the summing up was accordingly conumenced after nightfall, and continued during the even-. ieg, and the prisoner's counsel only es* caped having to address the jury through the extreme lateness of thle hour. The trial closed yesterday with the result I have stated alove. For gross inhumanity, for ferocious Indifference to the com monest elaims of fair play, It has never had any parallel in this country. There are, I ui glad to say, no American "State Trials;" lindt tihe only parallel in modern thnes for the umockery of legal forms which we have just wiltnessed Is to be fotund ins tihe reports of the Irish treason cases in 1798, or of the Scotch courts when Lord Broxfleld adorned tilhe Bench of the Court of Session. Before tile week is over tie Vtrgisian ladles will breathe freely over Old tirown's grave, and Ith Virgtnissn militia lay down Its arms in peece oI mind; but the abolitionists have nevertlieless achieved a moral trlumiple. Brown's attemnpt at first excited great horror, but tite absurd panio leto whleh it threw the Virglninan, and t11e cowardly eagerness fur hlls blood whith was displayed in the manter of condueting tie trial, has done much to turn tile tide ofsystpathy its Isls fitvor. Tile prisoner and his accomplices wore executed at Chtarleston on the 2nd December. Brown mot Itis fats withi firtmtness and composure. He said he had been deceived by one of Its coi panions named Cook, in relation to ite support hIe was to receive from the slaRves, and that he was led to believe they were ripo for the transaction. During the day on which the execution took place the hells were tolled in many places in New England, as well as in the other states. Immediately after prayers in each branch of the Legisla ture, a motion was made to adjourn, out of respect for Brown and the cause for which he suffered. A debate ensued in both branches upon the motions, both of which were rejected. The following is part of Brown's ad dress to the court : "Tihis court acknowledges, as I suppose, the validity of the law of God. I see a book kissed, which I suppose to be the Bible, or at least tihe New Testament, which teaches me that all things what* soever I would that men should do to me I should do even so to them. It teaches me further to remember them that are in bonds nas bound with me. I endeavored to act up to that instruction. I say I am yet too young to understand that God Is any respecter of persons. I believe that I to have interfered as I have done, as I have always freely admitted I have done, on belhalf of Ills despised poor is no wrong, but right. Now, if it is deemed necessary that I should forfeit my life for the fur therance of the ends of justice, and mingle my blood further with the blood of my children and with the blood of millions in this slave country whoseo rights are dis regarded by wicked, cruel, and unjust enactments, I say let it be done." Tihe correspondent of the London Daily News writes : His voice is no doubt by this time hushed in death. His comrade, Cook, has been captured; and there isat thismoment probably no survivor of the twenty-two mene whlo have thrown thirty-three sove reign states into commotion People already begin to talk of their ghosts haunting the grand heights and the dark ravines which close in the junction of the rivers at Harper's Ferry. Things can never agalin be there as they were before, nor perhaps anywhere in the slave states. When abolitionists are discovered to be God-fearing and heroic men-though sub ject to insauety like other persecuted men -slavo-holders can never feel secure again. They know that martyrs in a great cause are the pioneers of a conquering force. Brown's mistake, great as it was, may turn out a signal mercy to everybody but himself and his band, if it should con vince the slave- holders of what all other people see well enough,-lthat republi canasm and slavery can never be rccon ciled; and that in tihe "irrepressible con flict" between the two principles, the baser one nmust succumb. 