I FRESEN TED AT COUßT, v ft. ? i (From (hê Liverpool Albion. Marth IX}' , * So' much bas been:said fand written'respecting the ypluçtéer le^; on .Wedne»da<JasV&át^UÍ ha»been with the^greatest difficulty WMTB persuaded an eye-witness to undertake the difficult-task-of- giving as an original, account-i of what he underwent. To keep the reader no tonger in suspense, let us proceed at once to "thepalacerfrom-whtch" pla"ce~eurr"eye-wlWeäV 'commences his description : . . ' .' j Here we arrived in a hackney cab, about %alf-: past eleven o'clock, being inspected as we enter the gates by a dense but very orderly mob, who, it is evident, despite the SHOW, haye sufficient taste to appreciate and admire, us., 'Under the portico, where a Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we sh'rveringly stand 'criticising Che numer- ous arrivals. The mest conspicuous are three portly individuals in starlet coats, -caps, brown belts, &c;, the uniform being somewhat of a cross between that of a huntsman and a post- boy. Here, too, are fine stalwart fellows in ar- tillery uniform-riflemen of all shades, inclu- ding some who/ ignoring appearances, have added to their1 natural deformities by adopting knickerbockers and gaiters, and mostly wearing on their belts what the Examiner describes as. " huge gilt silver plátes,shining like stars, and resembling coffin embellishments." Constantly passing, and looking on with interest, are young officers Of the Guards, going tb' or return- ing from duty, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots; gray coats, and huge fur hats. Presently we are ushered into ] a monster tent, strewed with sawdust, and large ; enough for an equestrian performance, em- bracing the palace doors. Here we parade for ' some minutes, endeavouring to keep ourselves warm.. Presently, the artillery are directed-to enter the palace. But such an entrance ! How crinolined dowagers accomplish the feat of getting in is a mystery ! After inspection by the female domestics of the palace, we gain the Lord Chamberlain's table, and upstairs we go, passing a number of ladies, who occupy an over* looking recess, and also another recess, from which several gorgeously dressed individuals are surveying'the Bcene. We arrive at a 'landing, where the title of the county represented by the volunteers is most po- litely taken ; and, after gazing with admi- ration on the gigantic "beefeaters," enter, a pretty large room, through which we pass into another partitioned off by a barrier, the windows of which look upon the gardens. At the request to "uncover," we immediately doff our beavers. ?Here we are marshalled according to the rank in the Anny List, the Honorable Mr. Ponsonby . courteously doing all in his power to adjust the right man in the right place. But how close is the atmosphere! Longingly do we think of Mr. Mackenzie and St. George's-hall, where the air is always fresh and balmy. Timidly do we venture quietly to open a window, little by little, fearing the reproof of a gentleman-at-arms or a beefeater." How woll are "we rewarded by the fresh, chilly breeze which penetrates through the apartment! Give us the pure air of j the Polar regions rather than. the miasma of the crowded palace ! Invigorated, we patiently stand,- whilst others are forming in our rear. ' But, alas,' " forward !" is the command; and we lose our open window, and symptoms known only to sufferers by sea- sickness ensue. Vainly strive we against pain- ful internal emotions. A retreat is inevitable. Desperate is the prospect, - but wo venture it. Through S00O riflemen, forming the rear guard of patriotic devotees, we urge our way, admiring many, amused at others, and ridiculing few. Familiar faces abound. How delicious the air outside I delightful the odour of sawdust ! Revivified, we re-enter tho palace ; again we struggle through yielding riflemen (always courteously treated) until we reach* our previous post in time to obey the order to advance into the drawing-room, the next apartment to the Throne-room. Here we form four deep in three lines. Her Majesty is expected at 2.15-two hours to wait! The delay is not rendered more agreeable even by the musical quarters of a gilded clock. The gentlemen-at-arms, with their halberds, gilt helmets, nodding plumes, and top boots, soon pall upon the sight. Nature, already exhausted by the want of pure air, gives way. Rest must be had. But how ? Brilliant idea ! What is a "busby" good for but to sit down upon ? An exhausted artilleryman sets the example, and " busbies" become for the first time as useful as they are ornamental; flattering were the en- comiums on Mander and Allender, when tho articles stood the strain. Here placidly do we wait, listening to Lanark expressing, in broad Scotch, great complaisance at its own appear- ance. How indebted do ghastly volunteers feel to a Samaritan Scot, who pro- duces from his pockets pilules of nux. But what a delicious draught of fresh air ! Everybody seems revived. Some adventurous artilleryman has opened the upper sash of a window. The sensation that fresh air is ne- cessary even to volunteers begins to prevail, and eager is the struggle to obtain it. Tho suc- cessful parties, not content with a limited supply, open the lower sash, and thrusting- their necks out, they imbibe life-giving draughts. Vainly do those in the immediate, vicinity' com- plain of the bitter and snow-mingled blasts ; they are overpowered by the murmurs of relief from the mass. The most acute sufferers remain, squatted, a la Turk, under the window, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts from the garden, and warmed in the rear by the outgoing heat. Presently carriages are seen over the hedges in front, then the Life Guards, and preceded and followed by several others comes the Royal carriage drawn by two cream-coloured horses, which evidently are un- accustomed to speed. They draw up at the portico, and how we do pity tho unfortunate coachmen and grooms", who, notwithstanding their beautiful pink stockings, gold-laced coats and swords, appear ina frozen condition. Dis- mal do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Majesty's return. But hark!-the - throne-room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loyal volun- teers. The steam pours in, and as we advance to tho Presence-chamber those who had al- ready been presented file out, looking like "Banquo's ghosts." With solemn Btep and downcast eye, their appearance is rather that of men who have been . stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal sub- jects who have attained an earnestly sought for honour. But our turn comes, and wo advance in singlo file, obeying the orders of the officials, " Slowly, gentlemen, slowly-no hurry-no crowding," until, passing the file of Lord-Lieutenants, wo cast our eyes upon the unmistakable figure of the Queen, standing in tho midst of a line of figures, with a crowded semicircular in front of her, through which: we have to file. Nervousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliberately make a " left face" and bow to the Queen,- we overlook, owing, we presume, to the dimness of the light, -tb our regret, the Prince Consort, the Prince iflf) Wales, a Boy al Princess, and the vDuko of Cambridge. ' But we fortunately escape the contretemps which happens to another officer, who, in his determination to do the thing, steps so far back as to damage a dow- ager's corns, and start ail excruciating titter. We plead guilty ta not vhaving overlooked the \- charming-blue-eyes ot -a -noble -lady of - honour who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass ont we look upon a large, open pen full of rifle- men-dressed in all the colours of. the ..rainbow, conspicuous among them being some Carnish men, dressed like Mr, W. Laird's coal-carters, in lively maure coats, with high turned-down collars, slashed with, scarlet. - Much they were being " chaffed," and many were-the interroga- tories, whether they haa taken off their'coats for coolness. In the court-yard we find the Guards' band playing. Passing the gateway, where the 'Guards present arms to the volunteer field-officers, we find the street densely crowded, notwithstanding the snow, with spectators, and carriages filled with ladies. Every soldier : we pass salâtes us, at which we are excessively pleased, flattering ourselves'that our-appear- ance is decidedly martial, if not to the manner born. ' Next morning walook anxiously for papers, ambitious of seeing bur names in print, but dis- gusted when we find it cut in two, and a letter dropped out,'so as to render it not only very unrecognisable, but ridiculous in sound. " ' Our visit to the metropolis is at an end, and so we return to our usual avocations, pleased to find that our fellow-townsmen appreciate the honour which has been bestowed upon their Volunteers, and joining unanimously in the en- thusiastic sentiment of " God Save the Queen. " 