MR TRADDLE'S TALE. . "Down in Link's Hollow, where the gibbet was!" "Aye." " A ugly place and a ugly night. I would'nt go" " It .won't be . the first time that gibbet kept 'MmfrercnaMTlih landlord, jiptwroi foe-irliiHs' ofhifl-pip "as his wife conld telL Everliear -about it. Sr J" "No," said the pimple-faced man, who- was a stranger.. " Come, sit down, Traddlcs, and tell it"-" Mr. Toddles looked at the fire - hod. at tire window j he cast an upward, glance at -the shining brasses on the tiielf; a corner of his eye took in- the preparations for supper which were-going omquietly , a pewter measure, threw an affectionate twinkle at him, which - said "Stay;" the stout old arms of the' wooden settle stretched themselves out in the rough but kindly fashion, and said, " Come, nonsense about- going — sit down and don't bother!" The settle, finished it. . Such beaming good liumoc there was in its polished back — such an air of reckless jollity in the way its anus were held - ont, and. its feet, one kicking one way, one another; and so shiny was its seat from much rubbing of drab unmentionables and embroidered smock frocks. It wasn't every where you could see such a settle as that ; for the march of civilisation . "arid refinement is against settles, and chimney comers; and high mantles with glittering brasses. Mr. Traddles then sat down obediently ; he 'put out his knees wide, with a hand resting on ; .each oftiiem- j he looked up amonsgt the hams and flitches for inspiration, and the pimple-faced man preferred him a pipe, which he refused ; for Mr. Traddles couldn't smoke; it gave him a tickling sensation in the throat; andrif . perse vered in, produced a sort of. blur'- before 'his visual organs, in' which the brasses were seen to make rapid circuits round the rooin, the fire- irons to conduct themselves in a very light ipanner, and even the arms of the settle to hit oat with such violence against everything in general, as to give riseto the idea thatitwaspart- ing company in the middlf and going to pieces under hiiti. . Mr. TVaddles did not say all this to the stranger, he merely remarked that -Rmblring was a . bad habit ' for young ' inien to get into, mud Wlwvilr aw- -« juJCJpnid very [?] Vut jitsdufaged| iltidrigs-us !afrtifo |dta<ed' imc«Y)irkTdrpm - iaid-4us l& bf a' fitep 'Tritii' Black lRAvifoSreNras' ifaria; lived down 30ndbc"-witta jerk of bhst lhamb towards the 'window— >iiiik?eH:oihswr _ "ASeptt was about the time my mother' sent 'me-hang a lad . of gpuius, but as she called it, Lpodr sord, a Jack-of-all-trades, master- o'rnone' — -away to learn faiming, expecting I shodld have mbiiey foft me-wbich I had, but that's iieither here nor . thmb, for it's gone,, aomehowbng Ago. It's a carious thing now," Baid the little mao, looking into the fire; " how thatmuniy riid'gol' ItWus ,iha bank, safo I jfooqghit ; Ijuat ffiew. & bit .now. and a bit fomij . thinking to mdm itrqr by-and- by j and one moming, going to «sk for a small sum — a mere trifie-they said it was all gone. T don't vnsh -to' wropg krfyly, r but ' it ;Was i'-T . \- ; ptkesgibbe!;" said the pimplefaced man tmpatientiy.'' " TOiat autfoat I " ; ; " Well,efarmer Wswbll fodo had; no. l3u<3c nor child, .shd..plaity ..of money ; a rich maii,.W|O Q>eak. - tHeUBed to go, 'like other &rm-; to5— marifet, to tMs grain ' arid jgetthO inrii.lEri;;'wmit was a Tioriely ride faipa'jMwetotliimd.,lj8.Bfollow, Jtsiut he was a bold mm,' aim it didn't - troubledrim.- He bad been to market as usual, and had. re ceived money. He had it about him, bank notes arid sovereigns, tied up in a brown- holland bag; which looked all the richer be cause it was dirty. He took bis grog well, and gave it freely to the man who had paid him, as he always did for he was open-handed enough. There was a stranger sitting in the same room, but hia back was turned, and he seemed to be just minding big own business and faking no notice of any one, till, all at once, the farmer felt a sort of spell on him to look up. He did so, and saw the stranger's eye fastened on the bag, which he had just tied up. " ' Your health,' says the farmer, looking at him, and taking a pull at his grog. " ' Same to you,' says he, laughing- ' It's to be hoped you cany aims; if you mean to ride far with that Bort of thing at this .time of night' \- '" Arms,' says the fanner. -'Aye, and fists, at the end oferm " He doubled 'his fists as :he spoke, and the. man - laughing ' again, wished him a pleasant ride, and -went away. " The farmer mounted his horse and rode off He had ten good miles before him, and most on 'em across a common, with no house near, not even a cottage. He looked about as he lefj| behind him the last house he should see till he reached his own, and then set off at a trot; whiBtling as he went He had often done the same thing before ; he had often ridden home as late, with as much money in his pocket, and he had no fear now. Very soon he heard the ring of hoofs on the hard road behind him. He quickened his pace a bit; but not enough, for, before be was aware, a horse was stretch ing neck- for-neck with has, and a blow from some weapon staggered him in his seat " 'Aye, aye,' says the farmer, gathering up the reins, and rising in his stirrups, for the moon had shone right across the robber's face, and he knew him again. ' Arms, is it ! Aye, and fists at the end of 'em. Your health, my. friend !' f Hitting out; and sparring his horse; offbe started, and 'my friend ' after him. The robber- had a tough nag but the farmer's was the' fleetest, if she could only hold her pace long enough. On they went, the sparks flying up "from the hard road after them. A neck-or- nathing race- it was, but. the fanner gained on his friend fast He wa3 just beginning to draw a comfortable .breath, and think about home, when a 6hatp whistle came from behind, and. another horseman sprang into the road right before him. He wasn't going- to give it up even then ; they were after him ina minute, and the dancing and capering of biases .feet mingled witlrV their heavy breathing. It was but for a minute ; the farmer got his bridle free, doubled suddenly and, . sending his riding stick at bis assailant, as a last fond . re membrance, he made for a low fence, cleared it, ' and .got in front again. . They were both after hiny- however, at a spanking galop.. He dag bin spins into the mare, and she. spun <i|ftw0.3ihi tkft tnncl tciA . Ttxny, >H stiff as ha was, for he had got some blows too. And now, getting near bis . own house — where he-- could see the smoke curling up from the chimney,, and knew his wife was- sitting there waiting foe him, and keeping up -the' fire for him — the mare's foot caught against a stone:: Bee "what little tilings turn the balance; itwasbuta moment or so lost; but it was that too much He was seized, pinioned, and Ms pockets rifled. He never spoke, -never asked for mercy, but he struggled, hard, and the robbers bad no easy task to keep him fast whil e they searched him. They took his money, and one of them, with a curse, struck a heavy blow on the mare's reek ing flank that made her spring off again like mad, while the other — perhaps his bad blood was up 'at the farmers hard fighting, drawing something from his bosom, steadied his hand a minute, took aim, and the farmer tumbled from his horse; like a rook out of a branch. That was in sight of his own door. " Was , ha dead 1" "He lived long enough to tell it; and to swear to the man who stopped Mm first. The other got off " "He did die, then !" " Hedid. His wife took on horribly ; shut herself up,' and never spoke a word to anybody, ! making no sound but a moaning, which kept on all day and all night, asleep and awake. At last, she took a fancy to go rambling about the house at night, like a moaning ghost, ' up-stairs and down stairs, along the passages, in and out of every room but the one hehad Iain in ; and one night she had tried that too. Perhaps she heard the strange creaking outside, or perhaps some spirit.was in her dragging her on; she must nave pulled up the blind and looked out; how ever, and, in the tree within a few. yards of her, swinging backwards and forwards in the wind— we- bow what the moon was shining on, .and she must have seen it. There came from that room a shriek that rung through the house and startled everybody out of their, beds to see what was the matter. But they could only guess — she never told." , 2 pnayij' t.-ehtinpg jbii ®ampVerid-ihej5mplefaced Btrangerr— ' .SfolAiied in isi|&t;>oi his owiISwt!;tMLt|6craiids 'tatiierialher--' ' '. ' .. "That hum," said Mrvlkaddles, striking Ms drab knees ! emphatically, -'twas my uncle- I was'at Ms house when it Happened. That hor rible thing in the gibbet swung there;' creak ing in .sight .of the house, crowds of people coming to see it every day— swanna of people: After that night they took -it down, but it was too late to save my aunt !" .. "And that gibbet," said the landlord, shak ing the ashes out of his pipe . solemnly, "was the last .gibbet as-everl see, and I don't care, if . I nevw rre another; nor hBur on it. Pass the gog-"'-'- ' " . " My dear -Amelia," -said a dandy ifafiins rmon Ms knees befooe his adorable. ' ' I havelong wifoed for an opportunity, but haitUy aarepeak novr, forfearyou wuJ reject me r : but I lovB—sdore— idolise yon, — . eay, wili you.be mine?You will 'be to meevery- thing desiralHe — eveiytouw my neart could wish— your smiles would died"— -here he came to a pause. " Yonr smiles wonld shed," and here again he came to a etop, for he could notthlnk rf a '-word suitable 46<he SltpUed. ."Never mind foe' wpodfoedf " ex- a«ij!Ayml»o8W, whohsAslipped intothe»)mnnper6eived,-at thiB faimhent, "but go onwith'yinircoiiiting.". ; <3esnlihemM <arried_to a' greater:Iaigtii inJHol- land than in any other oomAry. To keep foe "cows dejuj, when placed in tile bani,y their tads are Thb Bright Side of Mabbu.ce. — From de spondency I pass to hope; and the prospect of marriage, wMch before appeared so dark to me- assumes a gayer hue. I have four hundred a year, and that house in Devonshire-street; Bloomsbuiy- square, of which the upper part will be quite big enough for us. If we have children, there is Queen-square for them to walk and play in. Several genteel families I know, who still live in the neighbourhood, will come and see my wife, . and we shall have a comfortable, cosy little society, suited to small means. The tradesmen in Lamb's Conduit- street are excellent; . and the music of the Foundling always charming. I shall give up one of my dubs. The other is within an easy walk. No; my wife's relations, will not plague me. Bessy is a most sensible, determined woman, and as cool a band as I know. She. will only see Mrs. Prior at proper, (and I trust distant) intervals. Her brothers and sisters will -learn to know their places, and not obtrude upon me or the company wMch I keep. My friends, whoare educated people and gentlemen,- will not object to . visit me because I live over- a shop (my ground floor arid spacious bark premises in Devonshire-street are let toaGecman toy-warehouse). I shall add a hundred or two. at least to my income by my literary labour ; and Bessy, who has practised frugality all her life, and been a good sister, I know will . prove a good wife, and, please heaven ! a - good mother. Why, four hundred a-year, pins two hundred, is a nice little -income. And my old college ' friend, Wrgmore, who is just on the Bench ! He will, he must get me a place — say three hundred a year. With nine hundred a-year we can do: quite -well- Love is full of elations and despondencies. The future, over which such a black cloud of doubt lowered a few minutes -since, blushed a sweet rose-colour now.-. I saw myself happy, beloved, with 'a competence, and imagined myself reposing in the delightful garden of Red Lion Square on some summer evening, and half-a-dozen little Batchelors- frisking over the flower-bespangled grass there. — Lovd the Widower. The Dark Side of Maehiage!— Yoiiwaat to marry, Charles BatcKelor, and yon will have that greedy pauper for a mother-in-law ; that fluffy bluecoat boy, thosehob-nailed taw-players, top-spinners, toffee-eaters, those underbred girls, for your brothers and sisters-in-law ! - Tbey will ' be quartered upon you. You are so absurdly weak and good-natured — you know you are — that you will never be able to resist Those boyswill grow up : they will go out as clerks or shopboys. : get into debt, and expect you to pay their bills : want to be articled to attornies and so forth, and callupon- you for the premium. Their mother will never be outrof yoar house. She will ferret about "in your, drawers and wardrobes, filch- yo«r habeidashery, and cast greedy eyes on the very shirts and- coats on yonr back;' and calculate when ike can get them for her boys.- Those vulgar young miscreants - will never fail to come and dine with yon on a Sunday. They will- bring their young linen- draper- or articled friends. They "will draw bills on ytra, or give their own to money-lenders; and unless you take up those bills they will consider you a callous, avaricious brute, and the heartless-author of their Tuin. The girls will come andpractise on -your wife's piano. They won't come to yon on Sundays only ; they will always be staying in. the house. They will always be preventing a tete-a-tete between your wife and you. As they grow old, they will want her to take them out to tea-parties, and. to give such entertainments, where they will introduce their odious young men. They will expect you to commit meannesses, in order to get theatre tickets for them from the news paper editors' of your acquaintance. You will have to sit in the back seat : to pay the cab to and from the play ; to see glances and bows of recognition passing between them and dubious bucks in the lobbies : and to lend the girls your wife's gloves, scarves, ornaments, smelling- bottles, and handkerchiefa, wMch of course they will never return. If Elizabeth is ailing from any circnni.ita.ncc, they will get a footing in your house, and she will be jealous of them. The ladies, of your own family will quarrel with them, of coarse ; and very likely yonr mother-in-law will tell them a piece of her mind. And you bring this dreary certainty upon you, because, forsooth, you fall .in love wi)h a fine figure; a pair of. grey eyes, and a head of auburn (not to say red) hair ! O Charles Batchelor ! in what a galley hast thou seated thyself and what a family is crowded in thy boat ! — Lovd the Widower. He Coded Not Do It. — Lawyers are some times very particular. The other day, one of these learned and amiable gentlemen was waited on by a young man who wished his. advice, and began by saying " My father died and made a will" — "Is it possible! I never heard .of such a thing," answered the lawyer. " I thought it happened every day," said the young man; "hat if there is to be any difficulty about it; I had better give you a fee to attend to the busi ness." _ The fry waa given and tlinn Gin ver observed, " Oh, I think I know what yon nwmnr uptli -mean that your father made a will and dled." - "-Y«;-ye thrt junist be it " w . '' A Family Fartv.— — A friend of oure meet Ms neighbour's <»achmenlookihg remarkably facetious on Monday ' morning fast.. As the man touched bis haf be eaid to him, "Well, John, what has happened to make you look so pleasant to day 1"— " Why,- rir" was the reply, ' "what do you, think! We are a pretty lot at our house, that we are. I started with five of us in the old carriage yesterday morning. First of ali i drove the young mistress to the Church, and (hen the old master to theWesleyans; next I took young master to the Romans ; my wife went totheRanters;andwhenIhadpnt up the horse, I took turn myself with the Calvinists." We certainly did laugh outright, at hearing the account of this " happy family ; " the rainbow is nothing to it. — -Liverpool Albion. The Hdmblest Thing in the World.— a clock, as it is always running itself down. A Bath .paper immortalises a Somersetshire constable who, in his-retufn list of " meet and fit" men to serve the office of overseers, had changed it to " meat and frit," to the no small ; amusement of the magistrates to whom" the ! list was presented. The sieve through which the man strained every nerve is.for sale at less than first cost. . , "Hog or dog !— thafs the" question;" as the fellow said .when he .eat. down, to a dish of fried sausages." - Fresh Am. — Man acts strangely. Although a current of fresh air is the very life of his lungs, be seems indefatigable in the exercise of his inventive powers to deprive himself of this heavenly blessing. Thus he carefully closes every cranny of his bed- chamber against its -entrance, and he prefers that ' his lungs should receive the mixed effluvium from - his cellar and larder, and from a patent little aqua- nns in lien of it. Why should man be so lemaed at the admiBsion of night air into any of his apart- ' ments? It is nature's ever-flowing current, and never carries the destroying angel with it.-- See how soundly the delicate little wren and- tender robin sleep under its fall and immediate influence, and how fresh and vigourods and ' joyous they rise amid thesnrronndingdew-dropB-ot- themormiig. Although exposed all night long to the air of heaven, their - lungs are never out eforderj -and -tiiiB we know by the daSy repetition -of their song. Look at the newly-born hare, without any nest to go to. Itlivss- and thrives, and becomes strong and playfal, under - the unmitigated >inelemency- of the frilling dews of night. I have here a .fine male turkey,- foil eight years old, and. he has not- passed a single night in shelter -He rooets in a»cherry. tree, -and- always is - in primost health the year throughgut. Three dung hill fowls, preferring this cherry tree to the warm perches in the hen-honse, took up their airy quar- ' ters with him early in Octobenand have never gone- to-any other roost ing-place. The (sow and the horse sleep safely on the cold' damp ground, and the roe buck lies down to rest in the heather on the dewy mountain's top. I myself can sleep all night loog bareheaded, under the full- moon's watery beams, without any fear of danger, and pass the day in wet shoes , -without catching cold. Coughs and colds are generally caught In the transition from an over- - heated room to a cold apartment : hut there would be no danger in this movement if ventilation were nroneriv attended to — a precaution little tboneht of now-a-days. — ir ariertone Essay on Natural History. Morar WfrDOtJT Puysicae Courage. — Lieutenant . W was at the storming of Morae ' Fottunfce, in the- West Indies. His behaviour -on that occasion eseited- general admiration. He was the first to ascend' the breach and plant the king's colours on the captured redoubt. ' His gallantry was recorded in the orderly book, and he was recommended for immediate promotion. Strange to say, the following morning he waited on his- commanding officer, then lientenant- Ookmel V — d— 'r, and requested leave of absence to return -to Ireland, his native country, and to .resign his commission in favour of a younger brother, -who -was desirous of entering, the service. The colonel, surprised At 'this extraordinary request on the part of a young officer with snch bright prospects before" him, very naturally asked him what motive induced him to make so singular a proposal ; when the young man frankly told him that, when the enemy's troops were moving forward for the attack, and tire enemy's fire had opened upon them, he felt a strong, almost an insurmountable disposi tion to fallout; aud he believed that nothing but" the rapidity of the advance and the slionts of the men, prevented him from disgracing himself ; but after a short time, he added, his brain was on - fire, he knew not where he was, and lie found himself cu the summit of the breach, With the colours in his hand, he knew not how ; but he added, not without hesitation, that he felt that the profession of arms was not bis vocation ; and fearing that at souic - future period he might not have sufficient courage to overcome his fear, he was desirous to leave tlie service with honour while it was still in his power. — Dr. MMenyeiCs Mind and Matter. Miseries of Housekeeping. — Jones : "I thought I warned yon particularly, cook, against boiling my eggs hard. Now, how is this ? Here they are, boiled fit for a salad, in spite of every direction. What did I tell yon ?" — Cook : " Oh ! sir, I remem ber exactly what you told me, and- 'acted accord ingly. The eges were in the water to a moment precisely nine minntcs." — Jones: "Nine ! I told yon three." — Cook : " Yes, sir, bnt there's three ecus. Of course, if one takes three minutes boiling, three must take mue. " Business first, and pleasure afterwards," as the man said when he kissed his wife, before he went out to make love to his neighbour's. . Worth Remembering, — It is .not. what we earn, bnt what we save, that makes us rich. It is not what we eat, but what we digest, that makes us fat. It is not what we read, but what we remember, that makes ns learned. A smart, virtuous, and well-educated young dam sel volunteered as a Sunday-school teacher, and a young sprig of the law paid her some attention— so ranch that he was joked about her. He replied that " he should look higher for a wife." It came to the lady's ears, and she meditated aiittle bit of revenge. An opportunity soon offered. They were at a party together, and to redeem her forfeit she was to make his epitaph. She gave the following : — " Here lies a man who look'd so high, He pass'd all common damsels by : And they who looked as high as lie. Declared his bride they would not be ; So twixt them both, 'he died a ' bach,' And now he's gone to see Old Scratch." "Molly," said a lady to her servant, "I think you'll never set the river on fire." " Indade, ma'am," innocently replied Molly, Td never be after doing anything so wicked— Td be horning up all the little fishes." That was a triumphant appeal of an Irishman, who was a lover of antiquity, who in arguing the superiority of. old architecture over the new, said - " Where will you find any modern building that has lasted so long as the ancient!" "Dear Aunt Mary," what shall I buy yon for a birth-day present? what would you like best? Aunt Mary, who is just 35, with a quiet sigh to herself, — " What should I like best? I know very well what I should like best ; I should like an Odd Fellow's offering !" It is a common saying of moralists that tire lower order of animals have not the vices of man, yet it is certain that some of the insects are backbiters, ami all the quadrupeds tail-bearers. " Say, maiden, fair, why dost thou weep ? Some secret sorrow, hidden deep withiu thy heart, is bringing into thine eyes those pearly tears, sweet memories of bye-gone years, thus fountain-like up-springing, of unrequited love, a dream wakes from its hidden source, the stream that down thy cheek is stealing!" "Nay- 'tis not love." "What then! oh, say!" "Well, iii .1.1 ii r 1: g— t ---"wlayj-mn unions I've been peeling !" A doctor's wife attempted to move Mm by her tears. " Ah !" said he, " tears are useless. X have analysed them. They, contain; a little .phosphate of lime, soma chlorate of sodiuin, . and water." , \- "A. Pamir. — An Irishman one- day met his - priest at a milestone. " Arrak, your rivercnce, saving yonr presence, there's a praist," said he, pointing to the milestone. " A priest !. why do "yon call -that a priest, Mike?" . " Why,:your riverence, 'tis at least like a praist, -for it points the road it never goes itself" . ' Astbonohv. — First class in, astronomy stand up. " Where docs the sun rise!" " Please, sir, down in our meadow; - 1 seed it yesterday morning'." "Hold your . tongue, - you dunce. Where does tha sun rise ?". " " I know — in the east" Bight; and why does it rise in the east V' Because . the "east makes- everything rise." ' "Out; you booby, and just wipe your nose." A Word foe Boxh. — A man who is rich now was very poor when a boy. When asked how he got his. riches, he replied:— "My father - taught," me '.never to play.. till my work was finished; and never to spend my money until I had earned it If I had but an hour's work in . the <fay> I most do-that the. first thing, and in an boor ; after that I was allowed to play." Why is the O like pain I— Becausc.it makes man moau. - - Supposing wo all of us had windows in our breasts to morrow, do you think wc should imi tate eood care to keep the bliuds.doivu..? — Punch. .. 