WINCHELSEA. The interesting ceremony of laying the foun- dation stone of St Thomas's Church, Win- chelsea, took place on Monday last, the 20th inst. It was laid by Thomas Austin, Esq., of Barwon Park, one of the trustees, in the presence of J. R. Hopkins, Esq., of Worm- bete, trustee; Mr Edward Prowse, superin- tending architect ; Mr Austin's family, Mr Wm. Stirling, and a goodly number of the inhabitants of the town and district ; the other trustee, George Armytage, Esq. of Ingleby, being unavoidably absent. The ceremony commenced by the In cumbent, the Rev. Edward Tanner, offering up a prayer, after which a hymn was sung; the rev gentleman then delivered an interest ing address to an attentive audience, and concluded by singing the Doxology, and giving the benediction. During the pro ceedings a parchment document was read, the purport of which was as follows:-In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, the first stone of this Church, dedicated to the Holy Apostle Saint Thomas, and erected by voluntary contributions, as sisted by Government aid to the amount of £500; was laid by Thomas Austin, Esq., of Barwon Park, Winchelsea, on the twentieth day of August, anno domini one thousand eight hundred and sixty, and in the twenty- fourth year of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the four teenth year of the Episcopacy of — Perry, D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne. The trus tees being—Thomas Austin, Esq, Barwon Park, J.P.; John Rout Hopkins, Esq, Worm betc, J. P.; George Armytage, Esq, Ingleby, J.P. The incumbent being, Edward Tanner Clerk. The designing architect being, Nathaniel Billing, Melbourne, The superin tending architect being, Edward Prowse, Geelong. The. contractors for the erection of —— the building being, William Voyle, James Baker, George Laidlaw, and William Smith. Then followed a list of the. original sub scribers, headed by the Trustees and Mr Ar thur Hopkins to the amount of one hundred guineas each, well followed by Messrs Wilt shire, Stirling, Rev E. Tanner, and' others for L25 each. This document was folded up and placed in a bottle, together with a copy of the Gee long Advertiser and one of each of the current coins of the realm, after which the bottle was hermetically scaled and deposited in a cavity formed for the purpose of receiving it, by Master Thomas Austin. The foundation stone was then lowered to its bed, and properly adjusted by his father Thomas Austin, Esq., with the aid of the necessary level, square, and mallet, he declared in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, that the stone was well and truly laid. We have had great pleasure in chronicling this event, as we are of opinion that such ceremonies are productive of great good, and should be held in sober earnestness, as they serve to form strong marks for reference in after life by those interested in the progress , of the township, and its religious advance- ment as well as for epochs in its history. 