I , ^ TK.. TM%*yRKlSH BATHS î.^.w^*?rti^h.e^*nacea if: it isn't reduce. transit ynÍijprízc^ghting, and it isn't even jol^teer^ng-4-it'» the Turkish bath. Education is a very god sure I've no doubt, for rogues and vagabonds, and ruffians who commit the crime of hunger ; prize-fighting is a healthy and ennobling occupation for people made of cast iron; and volunteering is strongly recommended yJ e, faculty' to young men of meaning suffer from loss of appetite; but-the¿panaW"¡ for the million is the Turkish bath. Methuselah it is now generally allowed, owed his length of days to this practice. I know that an ingenious captain of Artillery has written a book, in which" he endeavours to account for the nine centuries of that patriarch in another way. He holds and he is under the impression that he prove, that the earth grows, and has gone on growing ever since the creation; that in the days of Methuselah it was a very diminutive sphere indeed; that the days and years were proportionately short and that consequently, Methuselah was by no means a long lived man, reckoning according to our present scale of days and years. But the majority of scientific men deny this theory and adopt the Turkish bath explanation. The bard ' I am aware, with that disregard for truth which is one of the privileges of the poetic race, asserts unblushingly that Brandy cures the gout, the colic, and the phthisis And is to all men the very best of physic But the user of the Turkish bath needs no physic of any description, and inveighs against stimulants of all kinds; nay, it has been asserted with some vehemence, and maintained with some degree of argument, that the man for woman who should daily take a Turkish bath would stand in need of neither medicine nor raiment, and very little food would be necessary Oxygen is the one thing needful, and the regular user of the Turkish bath gets plenty of that I took my first in Palace-street, Pimlico. There's a chapel next door, but they don't charge anything extra on that account, though you can hear the organist practising quite distinctly. Now, the appearance of the bath outside is as if it were built of some crumbly sort of stone, and upon it is printed " The Turkish Bath, in red letters, for some- how in England red is associated with everything Turkish. There are two entrances one for gentlemen, the other for ladies. What they do on the ladies' side, I can't say, but I havens doubt things are conducted in very much the same manner as upon the gentlemen's and the fashion hereof is as follows : As soon as you enter, you are requested to sit upon a form, pull off your shoes, and insert your feet into a pair of slippers a la Turque, fashioned out of an old pair of American goloshes or "rubbers" (at least nine were) ; not that it is by any means necessary, but it looks Turkish. Then, much as you may admire that sentiment of Ancient Pistols, which proclaims the baseness of the slave who pays," you must submit to slavery for the nonce, and abuse yourself to the tune of three and sixpence ; whereupon a ticket of admittance is put into your hand, and you are politely requested to mount, as well as your Turkish slippers will allow you, into an upper chamber. This chamber has windows in the roof only. These windows are all open, and at your en- . trance you are a little scared at observing what at first appear to you corpses in winding sheets lying upon red-covered ottomans. After a few moments, however, you recover sufficient self-possession to be aware that some of the corpses are reading newspapers, and many smoking. They repose at full length with a sheet partially thrown round them, and girt about the loins with what would in South Africa be considered a very handsome evening-... dress, either of a red or yellow colour. One of these " evening dresses," together with a sheet, is then thrust into your hands. You accept both with thanks, grin feebly at the donor, and take the liberty of asking if you are expected to imitate the apparently insane conduct of the gentlemen whom you see lying about, and every mother's son of whom you are willing to" be more than you can afford, will catch his death of cold. To your relief, you find that no such sacrifice is required of you at present for your three-and sixpence. Having given up your valuables into the care of the superintendent, your attention is directed to a number of square compartments, or apartments, protected from the public gaze by red curtains. into one of these you are in- ducted, and recommended to reduce yourself to a state of nudity; to gird youself with the red or yellow " apron" before mentioned; to throw the sheet, ghost-like, about you, and then descend the steps you just now ascended. Arrived at the bottom, you are directed to turn to the right, pull aside a red curtain, and exchange your Turkish slippers for a pair of wooden clogs. A door is then pushed open, you are told to walk in, and do so, but for an instant feel disposed to back out again at the double. The temperature of the room is 120', but that is comparatively a trifle : it is the spectacle you behold which appeals you. In the first place, the room is darkened; through the gloom, you dimly discover, seated upon wooden stools-as it were of repentance-placed against the walls, and over a grating, through which comes the hot air, nude figures, both fat and thin. They sit and glare as you take your place upon a vacant stood in a corner, and, > spring upon the spot with a cry of pain, for you've not been in the habit of sitting on the hob, and prefer a chair with just the chill , off;" there they sit and glare, and perspire, and pant. Their faces are red, their veins distended; and that stout old gentleman who weighs on a rough calculation, about forty-seven stone, and looks like Hercules in very bad condition, games piteously at the stream which is pouring from, his fat. After a few moments, you are sufficiently acclimatised to the temperature to sit down quietly and observe the operations. Your first impression is decidedly uncomfortable ; you can't help thinking you must have got into a torture chamber by mistake ; your memory brings back all the tales you have read about the Spanish Inquisition, and scenes from Mr. Ainsworth's Tower of London come floating before your mental vision for in the middle of the room wherein you are sitting, are what you , take to be two racks ; upon them are stretched at full length two human figures, and over these a-straddle stand two ghastly executioners ; an occasional sigh nor groan from the recumbent figures aids the horrible delusion. But after awhile your eyesight becomes clearer, your nerves stronger, and your imagination duller, so that the racks soften down into simple wooden tables or dressers, the victims into voluntary patients, and the grim executioners into civil, careful, and tender operators. ' Being now in a position, mentally and cor- rally, to look about you, you perceive that the room in which you are has three doors : one by which you entered; another on your right as you enter, which leads into a sort of yard, the temperature whereof is about 70 degrees; and a third upon your left as you enter, which opens into another room, heated to the somewhat alarming height of J 8(L degrees. Of course is only.bydegrees'that^ou gain all this knowledge. Hints are dropped from time to time by perspiring neighbours, which enable you to make up your mind that yonder room is still better than that in which you sit, and that you must get baked there before you can consider yourself " thoroughly done." Then you are aware of a list of regulations, which you rise up and read. They are six in number; and, if memory serve row truly, the first is a recommendation " to remain in the first or intermediate room until a general per- spiration takes place." The second is to this effect: " If the heat be disagreeable or oppressive, wash the head with a little warm water, and the feet and hands with cold ;" and, as the heat is disagreeable and oppressive, you proceed at once to act upon it then, feeling, or fancying you feel, a little better, you peruse the remaining regulations. The third in a teetotal spirit, accords you the kind permission " to drink cold water freely, if you feel inclined, as soon as the body becomes moist." The fourth is a warning to you " to take care and cool thoroughly before dressing, and whilst cooling, to expose the body as much as possible to the air." The fifth advises you to repose as much as you can whilst in the bath, and to avoid all exciting topics of conversation. The sixth it is rather difficult to comprehend, by reason of its grammatical structure, the complication of conjunc- tions being worthy of Thucydides himself. I can only give it as it is printed, to the best of my recollection: " The proper time for taking a bath is either before meals, and not for less than two hours after a hearty one." The first part is sufficiently intelligible, but the last is too much for most scholars; however, the best way would be never to take one at all after a meal, and then you will be quite safe. After this short trial of the effect produced upon the human body at a temperature of 120 degrees by a little reading, and discovering the result to be a gen- tle perspiration, you, in accordance with regula- tion one, enter the more fiercely heated room. You look at the thermometer, and find that you are actually enduring a temperature of 180 degrees. You sit down upon a board placed upon a marble slab, as you see other people sitting, and you take particular care not to touch the marble itself with any part of your body, for the sudden hop, the starting eyes, the twisted mouth, and the profane ejaculation of the gentleman opposite, the calf of whose leg came into contact with the marble, lead you to the conclusion that it isn't agreeable. In point of fact, the board is, to say the least, quite hot enough, and you're not quite sure you're not a fool far sitting on it you think there is a great deal of reason in the remark of the gentleman next to you, who matter that it's quite hot enough for him; and you listen with considerable interest to the short-necked gentleman, with very prominent veins, who asks in a husky voice if that sort of think ever brings on apoplexy ? When you think you have reduced yourself by perspiration as nearly to a skeleton as is convenient, you retreat to the . intermediate' room. You are then taken in hand by an operator.' He requests you to sit down upon one of the ' dressers ;' he then takes hold of your right hand, pulls the arm out sharply, tugs at your thumb and each of your fingers, striving to crack' the joints, and pinches, and kneads the muscles. Afterwards, he repeats the operation upon your left hand and arm. Now he jumps up behind you, nibs down your neck, presses upon your shoulders, and bidding you support your hands upon the " dresser," passes the palm of his hand heavily down from shoulder to wrist. Next he tells you to lie upon your back, putting a sort of block under your head to support it. He leans the weight of his body upon your chest, and passes his hand over your ribs and all the muscles from the neck to the waist ; he rubs your thighs, pulls your legs and toes, and twists your ankles ; lastly he turns you over back uppermost, and leans upon all parts of your back ; runs what feels very like his elbow down from the nape of your neck between your shoulder-blades as far as the string of the "apron" you have on; parts all the muscles you have " aft" with thumb and finger, as one stretches a piece of indiarubber ; pinches your calves, and, with a part- ing wrench of your left leg, lets you know I you're " done." Being " done," you sit down for a minute or two till the " master " is ready for your-' j > J He awaits you in the third room, or court, or "back-kitchen., or yard, 'or whatever is the proper name for it. He will seat you upon a form, cover you all over with Castilian soap and then wash you with warm water. During this time he will most likely question you after his kind, thus: " This your first bath, sir?" "Yes." .-. (Sneeringly " I thought so." "Why?"' I ' '* "Why, you're so alarming' dirty." - (Uneasily.) "OhLam I? didn't know that. I have a bath every morning." "What's water-bath?" u "Yes." - , " " That accounts for it Mats ain't a bath ; you might take that sort o' bath all day, and yet be as dirty as a chimney-sweep." - Not feeling on safe ground, you close the conversation. The " washer " requests you to stand up, empties the tub of warm water in which you have been washed over your head, and proceeds to behave in a manner which ex- cites a suspicion, on your part, that something unpleasant is coming. He begs you will stand as far back as you can ; he then catches hold of a gutta-percha tube, at one end of which is that part of a watering-pot which is pierced with holes, while the other end is fastened in the wall, and communicates, you have a horrid fancy, with a tank of cold water. Your fancy has not deceived you, for in a moment a glad stream is poured over feet and legs, and chest and back, and, peradventure, head. This sudden attack is a little bewildering at first, and takes away the breath, causing any remarks you may have to make to issue forth in a broken form, accompanied by frequent gasps ; but before it is over, you really enjoy it. You are now sent back into the warm rooms again and after remaining there a few minutes, until you become dry, you make your exit by the door by which you entered. Your dogs or pattens axe now taken off; your slippers put on afresh , ap on is tied around your middle ; your sheet is thrown round your shoulders and you walk up stairs to the " lying-in-state" room. You Ming yourself upon an ottoman, throw your sheet off your chest and legs, call for a cigar and a cup of coffee, and believe yourself in Paradise. The sensations you experience are indescribable. So far from feeling the air from we open windows uncomfortable, you delight W *°5 felt as to a weight had fallen Never mind and body. In about half an hour, you find yourself thoroughly cooled; you go to your little compartment, dress yourself, Cover your valuables, and, descend the stairs cutoff your slippers pat on your shoes and" really forth in' intestacy.' A "I But as no one with the full complement of wits ever goes a warfare without counting the cost, so a reasonable being takes a review of the charges he has been put to by his bath and herein the man whose time is money, may fairly reckon the hours he spent. For my part, then, I entered at 4 p.m., and though, in obedience to the exhortation of regulation three, I drank six tumblers of water as soon as my body became moist, and employed all the means I could think of to bring on a perspiration, it was six o'clock before I showed any marked symptoms indeed, I began to doubt whether the pores hadn't been forgotten when my particular skin was manufactured. Those superior beings who know all about the Turkish bath and the human skin were horrified at the state of my side, 'I daresay', and thought I must be a personification of the unclean thing ; but I can only say, that if it's perspiration they want, I've plenty of that for them. Why, half an hour's fencing, or stick-playing, or rowing, makes me perspire ten times as much as two hours' baking in the bath-room and I humbly submit that there maybe persons for whom perspiration from exercise is more healthy than from artificial heat. I was two hours getting into a proper state for shampooing or kneading; I had to wait about a quarter of an hour, until the operator was ready to pinch, press, rub, and twist my limbs ; I was about another quarter of an hour, I should think, having my limbs pinched, pressed, rubbed, and twisted, and my epidermis peeled off ; I had to wait ten minutes before I was washed, and five minutes before I was dry, so that it was a quarter to seven when I arrived at the "lying-in- state" room; and I was three-quarters of an hour getting cool and dressing. On the whole, then, I had been three hours and a half taking my bath and though I am bound to say that, in a luxurious point of view, the delicious sensations I experienced at the end, and for at least an hour after it, were quite worth the while, in an industrial point of view, I very much fear it was time wasted. Moreover, I had expended 3s. 6d. for the bath, and 10d. for a cigar and a cup of coffee ; not that the latter disbursements were absolutely necessary, but they seemed Turkish, and I was in for it, I thought I might as well go the whole Turkish ' hog. Certainly, if you are in the habit of having all kinds of diseases and paying all sorts of doctor's bills, and you can be out of both diseases and doctors by paying 4s. 4d. a week, it is comparatively cheap ; but my remarks apply to those who are blessed with generally good health. Mr. David Urquhart, a prophet who has met with the proverbial treatment of prophets' in their own country, is the great advocate for the re-introduction into Britain of the Turkish bath; I say re-introduction, for if I read Mr. Urqu- hart's book, called the Pillars of Hercules, aright, he states that it was introduced into Britain by the Romans, though it has now unhappily died out. Indeed, Turkish is an epithet given to it simply because it is in Turkey that it holds its ground tenaciously, whilst " civilisation " has banished it in other countries. " The result of progress," says Mr. Urquhart, " is filth." Witness the baths and wash-houses, the model lodging-houses, and the fact that nearly every man who can by any possibility do so, "tubs " every morning, and uses flesh brushes, 'or something equivalent. " Pooh ! " says Mr. Urquhart and his adherents : " My good friend, you're a born idiot. You think the use of water is to wash and make clean : not a bit of it. You believe with Pindar that sparrow new town : never was such a mistake : proves only hot air. It is that which comes Out of a man-which is in him and wants to come out-that defiles him. Perspiration brings that out, and hot air brings on perspiration; then vive hot air ! Water is all very well for solution that is to say, to wash away what perspiration has elicited ; but for every other purpose, you might as well drink it, and say you were cleansed. You, madam, whose skin is so fair and transparent to the uninitiated eye, that the ignorant would liken it to alabaster from Tennis, or marble from the quarries of Paris, will be grieved to hear what is only too true, that you are really a nasty dirty creature, and that the labourer who perspire freely at his work, and wears his shirt for a whole week long, is your superior in cleanliness.' Now, I am no physio- logist, but if perspiration be the summum bonum, or the one thing needful, it appears to my simple judgment perfectly unnecessary for persons in health to have recourse to artificial means ; nature notoriously adapts herself to circumstances in a healthy subject. There are natural perspirations which I suppose expel secretions as well as artificial ones and if the perspired takes care to use ablution afterwards, and rub off his epidermis with a glove, or flesh brush, or even his own hand, I confess I can't see how he should fail to be as clean as any slip-shod Turk that ever contented himself with one bath a week. And as for HummaU, I would be perfectly ready to back Mr. Thomas Sayers, after a few weeks training in his own style, against any three Turkish Hummah-one down, another come on, that ever perspired in a temperature of 200 degrees. Moreover, it seems to me that if, as Mr. Urquhart asserts, "Rome was indebted to her strength no less than to her sword for the conquest of the world," the Turks have done wrong to omit the struggle whilst adopting the bath. It is quite clear that the bath alone is not sufficient to revive " the sick man : " he had better try the strength. If Mr. Urquhart could reintroduce the Roman or Turkish bath, he would certainly be a great benefactor, for it would be putting a great luxury within the reach of all classes. He believes the poor might obtain the bath at about twopence a head ; but, then, how much time could they spare ? Even were the building operatives to obtain the nine hours' boon, would they spend three and a half in a bath ? Mr. Urquhart is confident that the baths would supersede the gin palaces. What a blessing were this to all but distillers ! For my part, I'm afraid the gin-drinkers would have their bath and their " blue-ruin" too, just as those who should set them an example have their Turkish bath and their claret. Mr. Urquhart declares that it is not Islamism which prevents the use of spirituous liquors, but the bath. " in Greece and Rome, in their worst times," he says, " there was neither blue ruin or double stout :" of course, because they had the hot-air bath. That the Turkish bath is a very good thing for those who suffer from rheumatism, neuralgia, cutaneous eruptions, &c; who have too much fat, who take little or no exercise, who seldom perspire, and who can afford to pay three shillings and sixpence, and three hours and a half in time, for an exquisite indulgence I have no doubt whatever. I myself cured a cold, and received three-quarters of an hour's intense gratification from it; but that I'm an unclean person if I don't have one once a week at least, I'll not acknowledge and I can honestly state that I wasn't at all staggered, as they say you ought be, at the immense quantity' of dirt I "which accompanies your epidermis ; there wasn't so much as I expected. You may say that I must have expected a great deal then in fact, the attendant did observe that I came with rather exaggerated notions ; but so it was. L was perfectly contented with my state of cleanliness, considering that I live in London. There is an experiment now at Bradford, in the shape of a Turkish bath for working-men, and very successful, I believe, it has hitherto been. It will have already appeared from what I have said, that there is but one part of the bath which cannot well be performed by yourself-that is, the shampooing. This difficulty is obviated by a whole family going'toge- ther, and Shampooing one another. It is this Bradford bath, I think, which is alluded to in a lecture delivered some short time since by a medical gentleman at Sheffield, who assures his audience that, after long continuance in the taking of Turkish baths, the human body becomes positively ' fragrant ;' so that it may not be long before Breidenbach's Wood Violet is superseded by Bouquet de Nigra au naturel, or Double Extrait de Mille Hommes. The same medical authority states, that the Turkish bath will cure consumption, if it is not too far advanced. It is hard to say how far that may be but certainly a Turkish bath is more pleasant than cod-liver oil, even with orange wine and if I were physical, as Medicus says he was, I would certainly try it. It is worth the attention of the Consumption Hospital. Chambers. 