Mil. BEAR AND TSI.E ELECTORS OF TILE CENTRAL PROVINCE. ' TO TIIK EDITOR O.F THE AGK. Silt, — In these days of., 3jolitic.1l profligacy when candidates for legisla tivo honors consider it more politic to sign their 11 ames to jesuitically worded addresses than to meet electors, after the good old English fas'ivion, it behoves the electors in tho different provinces to make themselves acquainted with tho antecedents of cnndi:latc3 who present themselves for election, in order that political skins may not be changed after candidates become repi-esentatives. Jud:; iua- of Mr. Bear's uoliticail opinions by the address which was published prior to tho opening of the proeont electioneering campaign, I was disposed to reckon him a backbone and spinal marrow protectionist. As he stated at the huntings, on the nomination day, that he was a free trader, it appears that he holds two opposite opinions upon a question which must occupy the attention of Parliament in the coming session ; one to bo used in hoodwinking protectionists until he secures his return, and the other to be brought out when he meets the squatting obstructionists in the Upper House. If Mr. Caple's nominee is so very jrreon that ho cannot understand that the wide gulf of extensive employment here must ever separate free traders from protectionists, ho ou;,'ht to retire from publio ob3ervation until ha makes himself acquainted with tho views en tertained by two opposing parties. As tho good old Book says, that ' no man can serve tyro masters,' Mr. Bear ought to have stated which party he loved and which party he hated. _ Al though success sometimes results from a maiden having two string;! to her bow, flirts oftentimes fall hstwson two stools. If flirtation on the part of woman is bad, flirtation on the part of politicians is much worse. Although tho squatting organs aro anxious U make psopUi at a distance believe that tho land question ha.s been settled in a satisfactory manner, people hero know that its ghost will sonn meet ou r representatives at a place much nearer than I'hilippi. As Bear's Circular of last Saturday came out strongly in favor of the existing rights of the 1200 squatters who are now enjoying an ineomo of more than £3,000,000 per annum, by monopolising tiurty millions of acres, whieii the Queen handed over to the Parliament of this colony for the benefit of all sections of the community, and no men tion is madu either in the address or in the speech of Mr. Bear as to what his opinions are upon the question of the division of runs after tho present leases have expired, it is to be pre sumed that he is in favor of tho parties now in possession. Under the Orders in Council, now iu existence, parties with a small amount of capital ure prevented from investing it in tho stocking of limited areas. That openings may be created for tho settlement upon tho Crown lands of somo thousands of merchants and traders, who aro now overcrowding the commer cial market, a measure ought to be immediately introduced to enable tho Government to divide the runs. The passage of such a measuro would uot only enable thousands of merchants to quit unprofitable occupations for profitable pursuits, but. it would relievo the labor market of a mul titude of shepherds now seeking employ ment, and it would lead to the furnishing of meat to tho colonists at lower prices than are current at the present time. As the squatters already in the Legisla tive Council proved by their conduct in tho dis cussions on the Ministerial Land Bill, the truth of the scriptural quotation, that 'Ethiopians cannot change their skins' and that ' leopards cannot change their spots,' it ij to be feared that if Mr. Bear be permitted to enter tho Legislative Council now, hs will pursue tho sarno lino of action with reference to the bill for cutting up extensive runs into small station*, as Mr. Barter Bennett did by the mutilated Lnud Bill. As Mr. Bear has not considered it wise to state his opinions frankly and fairly on the squatting question, he need not be surprised to find himself beaten by a man whose opinions on other matters, of minor importance, are not in accordance with the spirit of the age. As it is probable that the proUq* of Mr.. Capie has bee* rnmcieatly instructed in a poli tical creed by this time to take vows upon him self, I now introduce tho following questions that he may answer them by public ad vertisement: — I. Does Mr. Bsar believe in the perpetuation of a policy which furniahes eru plormcnt to skilled laborers in other countries, and prevents the growth of occupations for children and skilled workmen here ? 2. Doe3 he believe that the 30,000,000 acres now held by 1200 squnttcM should be divided iu such a manner as to enable 9000 or 10,000 merchants to turn their attontion to squatting pursuits, und 8000 or 9000 shepherds to obtain eraploy msnt? As some of tho former nominees of the would be representative-maker departed from the prin ciples which they enunciated at the hustings so far as to abandon freo selection beforo survey in squatting districts, three lots uudor the basing system, and other important features in the ministerial Land Bill, Mr. Bear ought to make known his own opinions, that the electors may be nble to judge whether or not they can consistently support him. Unless he adopts such a politic course, it is more than probable that his injudicious godfather will make tho pole so greasy, by stating iu the presonco of parties interested in squatting, that his political child is in favor of freo trade and monopoly, and in tho presence of would-be squattors and protectionists that he is in favor of dividing the runs, and of protecting native industry, that he will find himself unable to climb to tho top of the pole. Until a measure to effect a division of thy squatting runs receives the assent of his Excellency, no candidate directly or indirectly interested in squatter:* ought to be elected to fill the vacancies now existing in the Legis lative Council. HEFORMEH. 2Gth September, 1800. 