TH'E CON, TITUTJ ONAL F1X :LVD CONl'ENTIONAI L CONT2'ASTS, (To the Editor of the Portland Guardian.) Sir,-When IIaines's Ltn U13II, tifter ec.ping the c:apering c:nvls of the Iptri orio opposition, henlded b Dufly nnd O'8?annasy, in the Asombly, wias coC signed to its lust resting pihce in thait grIndO nslile.FoleII of Legislative inftlut', (yetlept) the Council Chumlnbr, the Con ve?tiotiists were in ccstacie ; lparaded tlhe obGstuctive act ns n conistitulitnial blessing, laudr? the Lords fo]r their wisdom, cuunt?le the consiglunent as a measure oft mercy, ald thauked their winking stars thLit tlt? Con6tilu'ion hud priovided a R Council" tocuih the cruie concessions of thu uzicon stitutionul equ,ttter ,'llajrity of the Lower is trIlle II nines's Bill providlcd "free selVetiun" ithin survey, with Ilterna:te Otlinitullihgel dloiients, but then it pilu vided that the sqluattt-.s in the set'letd district shouldl halvL toso alnd i-half yeiar lIace before roticu to quit, and in the un Etttldl five yOurs to lrepallet thcurselve and flicks for the day of di iving ncrcvs tlhi nurtray by the Alniglihty Dun. Faititler,. it lrovidtld for dividing, the hlrge runs into smnlltler one,. Ifor the boneti of new and poorer sahnhld. W\V'se still, that these new comers should take the irmprove nments on the sma1ll run muad by the out gouing tenant it a li fair valuation, with part of the stock (how nnreaonbhles.) T'These conditions, said the " Grey " birds, were lanlttuouleont to preventing any new glaziiers entering to. turn squatters, and therelfore the squatters would never be turned out in short, it was no less than consi rning the "land of the people" over to a few pas. toral princes lot ever, who would f'o?bu the country in, anld as a certain consequrce, fence the people out; besides, if the ruus were divided, we, the people's hiendrs would have a greater number of squnttters to bttle with, and therefore more trouble to dtive thera off. Then think of five years lease of runs in the unsettled dis ti'Ios, 'tis mionstrous -and two years iand n-hull in the suttledl is worse-is scandalous in fact, this1 Bill was one of the most neharious attempts it, swinudle the people, that ever was attliprtcd under any consttitlriontl lorm of Government. Some sober-sloken folks were disposed to treat euch tirales with the title of " Ioslh or Bunkarm," these were " know nothings." Nevertheless, the two 3 ears and a halt have passed away, but the Lnnd Ilill' has not psse?d into lanw ; the squatterA laughed at the Conventiutiists as they praised the squatter majority in the Council that kicked out HuinmtTs's Bill, which in its first clause abol ishled their title even to a lease. Thereby the squatters hold on in sure and certuill holope, that any legislative body elected by an intel ligent people will not be foolish enough to establish " 'tree gra-s," or inad enough to dirive their wool-growers into New South W\Vales or South Australia. The ghost of the Convention, or apparition of the Corlner, rises from the i.ist of iganorance anid folly saudder and siager souls. hIIving like the hound of fi tl,, lost the substance by pulr-uing the h,batlow, they the more readily caught at the piresellt minister's comipromuise between abstruct right, squatters cliims and Conventiontl wrong, Iuid. 18t61 is the accepted title for termlinating the palistorel leases ; and so little will be the numburs requiring landr that the actrled district squatters will have five years and the unlsttled frotn ten to fifteen 3 ars grace, tromn the faet that whilst the Co?ventioln gaime was played the people who could buy land have gone away. I aines's Bill wouldl have at lea-t enabled these to settle, and thereby kept them aund their capital in the colony. A very tyro. in the political school laty hLav learnt that the Upper ilouse would stand by " vested rights," things as they are, and be bor the imtust part opllosl to ex peritllent nt challllnge. It is its lproince to supervise the acts of the Lower IIouase, and correct their hasty errors; a vetteran politician woult have nccepted "' hui a loaf" und strove oii for " tether lilf," but briefless barristers striving for protit, piece and position, iiaiy prefer the gamue of " political shuttlecock," " you buat it out, £ but it. ill ;' with "to ie continued till all are tired or well s'ated in sutug billets." 'The i-at e lately lauded ' inajurity " ilt the Council have cuntinttid the gaamue, have " baled up " the Nicholson Land Bill, but the. Chituf Secretary seeuts in eiariest and deter litlled to stopC the guse, he haI sItruck the iu Iloell e d tuhot tirowI down the bit. IBowlr Llet.ntett s.id I i has stopi2ed the Iall and struck the wilcket; let 1lletett eett d tielers try their ituings, and now Conventiuonists roughly rate the majority they so lately praised, but Miiser grown hIave determined to support Nichol-oni and " the iill, the whole hill, uand nothing but the lill." But the t inistetrialists bhlim their chiefi "tns a hasty toy wIo has u?timel) stopped thie play. Otlicially, that is conititutiounl-say their side--we, thie ouse ol A-e?tembly, or thl ministers did not know what the Upper Houtse had done with the Land Bill ; nor cat we kuow until tie Upper liouue notiy to ua thereon by It iwtssaugt tthe, tntd only then. could the hIouse nul the 2litlstry ttke m.tilo in the nutter. Nicholoih lnus acted unwisely, unconstitutionally, and the liouasai mtust igntoru the t ct ast t pirecedent fir future conduct or itt iseonduet of the public business." 'And here I find the alini-ters, the Council, and the Con venlti tn i tn trio fix, like tl.tes illn a gin ; but sceiutg 1 cannot free themt, I leave theti to ex t.rit:t.e tluemselves ats best they mniay. CAUIt US, alelbournie. 