METROPOLITAN GOSßfP. . (Fro » Mi« liverpool Albion, February 13.) London, Saturday Evening. WHAT, ia a coney ? that is the question. A. coi is the most indefinable of animals, avery GI stone of the mammalia family. There is making head or tail of him, the principal use makes of his own head being to hide his t D'Israël", not Benjamin, but Isaac, who p served the big I in his unwatered patronyn scorning the little t with the dot over it, adopted by his baptised son, tried to descr the creature. But he couldn't ; although. brought to the task all the learning of i ancients, from Pliny and Vatro to Jones t Dobinson, and not forgetting the first ofSmit Adam, to wit, who quoted the saying of Sane Pansa, in reference to the financial position of Quixote, namely:-He di me from my house with his coney-catching, p mising me an island, which I yet hi for." From this it would appear that a cot must be cunning as a fox ; but other authorit represent it as a goose. Johnson calls con catching "the entrapping of conies, sim| animals, by gins or snai es ;'*. n 1 coney, he sa; is " any simpleton, or foolish creature.'' Wi ia the point of all this? A most importa point. On and after the 1st of April-signi < cant day !-cockneys are to be enabled to k conies at twenty-seven and sixpence per hea As the Londoners knowledge of natural hi torv-is principally confined to the zioloogy heraldry, in which chiefly prevail grifiins, ph< nixes, mermaids, and other wild fowl not usu in Leadenhall poultry market, the curiosity know what's a coney is not surprising. Bi it is astonishing that the cheapening of cone, eide, or the killing of conies, should form . prominent portion of laBt night's great nation and international imperial and cosmopolita four hours' circumlocution of the Chancelle of the Exchequer with the «Iii of all England and a moiety of th trim« of half , a hemisphere for an audienci Batter kill a coney than kill a Frenchman, ian . H? Well, there are two sides to that. If th coney wanted to kill you, and ould do it, n . doubt i it would be a prudential reciprocity t . knock the coney's brains out, and so save hie \- the trouble of entertaining evil thoughts at you expense. Perhaps the same logic would not b inapplicable to the Gauls. At least such mus have been the reasoning that placed rifles ii the hands of our volunteers, with governments approval ; and it may be rather a different bon from what was expected that the rifles intendec to[ blase at fire-eating colonels should be em ployed for i the extinguishment of rabbits. Such will be the case, unless the Welsh memberi and the Cruelty to Animal Society raise theil protective . voice betimes % in behal of ,k,this section of the agricultura intrest, about to he sacrificed t< the ferocity of town tailors and men^miliiner! whose young sporting ideas are eager to shoot if they only, knew what to shoot at. They, cer tainly don't know what a coney is; ana Mr Gladstone himself would he so puzzled to tel them that he has provided for all mistakes bj including evory kind oí coney , under the heac of game, which he puts within the reach of thc one-pound-seven'-and-sixpenny Nimrods, whom he. sp,charges " for a license to be taken out bj every person who shall use any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the purpose of taking 01 killing any - game whatever, or any woodcock snipe, quail, or landrail, or any conies, or thal take or kill, by any .means whatever, or sh al assist in any. manner in the taking ar killing by. any means whatever, any game, or anj woodcock, snipe, quail, or landrail, or anj coney."". But mark :- To enjoy the luxury of bagging your coney, " any coney," at this figure, you must be a servant .to " any person duly charged to the duties of assessed taxes in respect of sucb servant, and shall be acting in virtue of any de- putation or appointment duly registered oren teredos 'gamekeeper for any manor or royalty in England, Wales, or, Berwick-on-Tweed, or fdr any lands- in Scotlanjj." If you happen to bean Irishman you can't kill a coney; though Írou" may enjoy the national pastime of killing a andlord at the usual tariff. Then again, Glad- stone-like, no sooner is there one course open to you than it is confronted by two others. You must kill-your coney between tho 1st bf April and'the 1st nf October, or at other periods cir- cumstantially : set forth in the schedules of this amusing budget; or else you don't get (the full commercial advantage of the operation,; , and if ' you are not a man, but a master, the 27s. Od. becomes £3. Did anybody want to kill conies at a diminished charge that there should be all this fuss about it_? . Not, a ^human being ever <aJieamt in a nightmare, or out- of one either, of any such quadruped, save the right honorable clairvoyant himself, till Inst night; but that is just the very reason 'all'the'fuss is made about it. And such is' the principle of tho. whole budget. It is coney fled from first to last. There is a coney, killing'clause in every line of it, and a hook at the end of every line catching what you don't want. For instance, in addition to the privilege of economic coney-killing, it is charming to know that three dozen ' Jean Maria Farinas of the city of unsavoury smells may now send over the whole Rhine, in half-pint bottles, if they like, at a chargo of fivepence per flask duty ; at a tenth cf that price if they don't add the aroma till the fluid comes here, which is generally done with an infusion of the Thames, the real staple of Oologne-water. One would have thought that Barclay and Perkins, Bass) and thé,Britislï browing interest generally, were |as . weir entitled to a penny a quart off their products as .the Marina family to fivepence a flabt oiï ,their aromatic eau. But hot so, thinks Gladstone r and for not so thinking he is already subjected to the fiery. inquisition of those tremendous torturers, the London licensed victuallers, who have an interminable catalogue pf, grievances against him, and are pouring the vials of choir wrath, say rather the flagons of their fury, on his head, with a copi- ousness only ho himself could parallel.- Nor. are there more potentially pestilent political sinners than the96 publicans in all this metró- polis. London returns fourteen members, and of these thirteen owe their seats tb this body, or at least wouldn't have seats but for them. ' What cabinet then could stand against these persecutors, eter- nally dinning in their ears, on the spot, never tired, and drawing inspiration from the mos: spirited founts in proportion to their spouting? Already tiley are open mouthed at Gladstone, in fall . cry with every epithet of objurgation which their stimulating vocabulary can supply, threatening revolution, chaos, earthquake, eclipse, ana eternal smash, exactly in the style Dr. Cumming's Great Tribulation ;*' for it is a curious fact that the phraseology of the apo- calypse is the medium they are addressed in by their accredited oracle; and accordingly the member for the University ii now. daguerre typed as the veritable vermilion- petticoatec frailty of Babylon. And, talking of that Traviata, Gladstone is accused bf running counter to the pro-Magda lene movement, now go popular here, that he v. upbraided with playing protectionist to ih< whole hetairso of the capital. Under his aus pices the corchantes of the Ooventry-street ca sinos may prance their polkas not only* till tb< witching hour when churchyards and station houses yawn, but till daybreak, for a most in significant poll-tax, levied in the form of a li cense to the landlord if he only call his Pa phian pavilion a " house of refreshment," as o cour 30 he will, and a most aristocratic one too for won't he now vend foreign wines with crack jaw names, and play old gooseberry with cham pagne in defiance of police and all hithertt constituted but no longer constitutions authorities, magistrates included. Th< whole tribe of Dogberry are alreadj stricken with hydrophobia, or other rabies,a' the bare thought of this curtailment of then immemorial privileges ;-this fatal step against their right to lay by the heels all caught trip ping in respect to fantastic toes, light or heavy, Appalling will be the worshipful howl against the immorality of this universal encouragement ' of social evil by these new facilities to licensed licentiousness and legalised lawlessness throughout the Bohemian world of peripatetic courtezendom.nowtobemoremesmerically mag- netic than ever in virtue, or in vice, of the allurement of French bonnets at seven shil- lings ahead less than hitherto, at Lyons mauves a guinea-and-a-half per dress below the now ruling rates ; together with feathers, flowers, gloves, ribbons, laces, corsets, crinoline, and all the paraphernalia of lovstheism re- duced to a lev*! that must carry consterna- tion to the heart of every tnaterfamilias as she thinks of the hopelessness of her young hope- ful struggling against engulphment in the cyprian charybdis, thus rendered doubly des- tructive to inexperienced pilotage. Did any one ask for any of these things ; for liberty to tbs libertine to make night additionally hideous, and daylight not less so ? Nobody ; nor for one of the several hundred items of the like sort thrust down our throats in place of far other matters we wanted to swallow. Shall we cut our mutton any the pleasanter because French - capers are a penny a bottle less that hitherto ? Shall we walk any the more erect in the light of our own inde- pendence, because French "canes or sticks, mounted, painted, or otherwise ornamented," and. " lucifers of. woe! and lucifers of wan " are to he cheapened ? Alack, where now is that ''pride in his port, defiance in his eye" once characteristic of the British lion,, now drugged, and hocussed, pre- paratory to something else, by the nostrum monger of the Tuileries? It is not without significance that among the new duty-free com- modities there should figure "aux vómica, chlo- roform, sulphuric acid, cocculus indicus, opium, and morphia and its salts." Cut " not poppy, nor mandragora, nor all the drowsy syrups of the Bast, can minister thee to that sweet sleep which thou owedst yesterday," dear Bull, if this ' Borgian Bonapartist draught you drain ; and it is be feared you will have to do it, to the dregs, dregs and all, and the cup afterwards. What antidote to such, presentiment is there in ty four hours' oration ? None should know better than the orator himself the import con- veyed in the admonition The Athenians made speeches, but Phillip took towos." " Opera glasses, single and double," are to corns in for no- thing fdr the future; but a peep of the future through some mind's eye less opthalmaic than his who admits tbe glasses would discern in the Sa- voy cloud a thunder shower and avalanche that must sweep treaties and treaty-makers down a whirlpool into annihilation if we don't keep our own Dartford dry, instead of putting trust in a Corsiaan providence and tinkering with French " powder and percussion caps." Then just think of gongs ! Ghost pf Yeb, who wants a gong ? Is it to frighten or propitiate the Celes- tials that we take the duty off gongs, just as we are sending out Armstrong batteries to blow the Chinese to atoms, and a score thousand soldiers and bayonets to run those through who may not beso blown; Doubtless this isajokeofthe Comic Old Gentleman's, perhaps a sly hit at his sounding cymbal , of a financier; and the budget abounds in similar . singularities which must have been placed there for some such purpose, the Lord (of Broadland) only knows what. "What do they say in the city ? Well, they don't know what to say; and, for the most part, they don't try to say it, therein setting an example it would be lucky if the newspapers endeavoured to imitate. Ooo thing, however, our Orientals says, and that is, " How about the ten million defences ?" Where is the money for that to come from; seeing that a hole has been cut in the .public purse out of which all the incoming cash is streaming; and Mr. Gladstone himself would hardly undertake the part of tho daughters bf his mythological friend Danaus, and keep a bottomless tub filled with income-tax only. Yet it is his-sole source, which source may at any moment be cut off should the biliary ducts of Bonaparte be dried up, or deranged. Baring, Tom Baring ;-how is it that a millionaire, and a very aristocratic one too, can ever corrie to be called Tom? There is nothing whatever in the City Crosus of the kind which Bulwer said, in his Pelham days, prompts people instinctively to call a man Tom ; yet Tom is what Baring always is called ; and thus quoth the said Tom last night touching the Gladstonian project, namely-" It may be politically, it may be commercially right, it may be finan- cially expedient. On the othsr hand, while perhaps financially inexpedient and commer- cially dangerous, it may *yet be politically right.". Now there is just the wholo pith of sensible city opinion ; there is a great deal to be said on both sides, but it is very hard to say which is the right side, without a sinister bias. If there were no Bonaparte the thing would be plain os a pike-staff; but the only pike-staff now plain has got a Zouave at one end and a St. Helena rock-scorpion's head at the other ; and what weak point in Britannia's cuirass may not be pierced'at any somnolent moment of . that unprotected females life? Surely the budget will be carried in a canter? That depends on the jockeying employed. The longest way round is the shortest way home, says the pro- verb; and the short cut attempted by Palmer- ston last night, in trying to force the thing through, will certainly not promote prompti- tude; for* it has begotten the belief that there is something in the background Bought to be slurred over, this astounding truckling' in the_ Savoy being regarded as most ominous by many zealous friends of ministers, as far worse even than tho Malmesbury eon abasement 1 in the Charles-et-Georges business. It is held that these , courses and thi commercial concessions only* preoipit the time- when pretensions mast resisted ; and then ?-Why then we shall i what we shall see, probably considerably mi than will be good for sore eyes. Bat are i the propositions of . the budget in the mt much liked? Very-at present. Neverthele if the habit of talking so much had not caus us to think so little, it might be as well to rec leet that the clapping of applausive hands a the crowing of encomiastic throats, three wee ago, on the first intimation of the- treaty p mining us to pay a British half-a-crown exchange for a two franc piece, were follow by a very mitigated appraisement of that t vilege, ere the world was half-a-dozen dc older. One needn't ba much of a conjuror divine the inference intended to be drawn, x much of a wizard to know what to do with when drawn. Turning from the matter to the man and 1 manner, everybody says they were excellei Time was when what everybody said must ha been true ; but now the .strongest proof of thing being wholly untrue is, that everyboi vouches for its accuracy. . The present cai however, is an exception ; for it is perfectly tr that perfection, at least parliamentary perf« tion, which is somewhat Pickwickian after a j was as nearly reached as possible, according the existing standard amongst us. Thou< Gladstone was the Pony Peel when Sir .Robe was first horse in the zigzag course, andthouj it is the fate of imitative followers to exagg rate the foibles of their léaderB ; and thouj with all his eccentricity, oddity, and waywar ness, originality is not among the Gladstonis attributes, and therefore is he only endowc with talent and not with genios, is only a Gla Btone and not a Disraeli, still he shone in h own light, and with no reflected lustre Ia night. There was nothing of the Pompos Ego of the Drayton dictator about hin nothing of the Tamworth turkey-cock air whic that coxcombical ' little Droitwich bantac Pakington, burlesques with such grotesqu solemnity. Although the focus of all eyes h was not unduly magnified in his own ; neitht was he the reverse; for while the most artificii of public man, " unstable as water," fickle as woman, mock modesty is not in his râle. Sol possessed and self-composed, without perkines or jauntiness, or without ponderosity or arri gance, master of hts subject, secure of the sym- pathy of his audience, on his own accoun and that of his theme, and oonsciou also of a large support in the country, he wen through the prescribed performance as thoug! it were a labour of love ; as of course it wat talking being to him what' chirping is to a coe! sparrow. A more poetical ornithological mei aphor would perhaps, be a better flight; bu the homely one is equally suitable, and mor sincere. If it were not for what everybody hat heard, nobody would haye even suspected indis position ;-its only trace being in his frequen application of some emolient elixir or othei wherewith he lubricated his epiglottis, with ai ambidexterous adroitness Wiljalba Frike might envy. His voice, gesticulation, and post reminded one iriuch of the late Judge Tal fourd's best exhibitions at, tho bar; bli a yet higher comparison would be necessary tc do justice to the address intellectually It is a tradition in Westminster Hall thá Fitzroy Kelly, in the days of his ante- apple-pic vigour, used to plunge into an intricate chan eery argument without knowing an iota of thc case, and yet, while speaking, would, with thc aid of a pair of prompting juniors, master th< whole matter, and either clear the path for him self, or render ic impassable for his antagonists ; and this without seeming to talk nonsense, except of course what was strictly relevant to the business in hand,'and which being legal business,'required alargó quantity bf in gm dient. Gladstone couldn't do that, any more than he could speak the Paccifico speech thal filled him with such wonder,' as " ushering in the close of one day and the dawn of the next." But his budget speech last Bight was a noble effort, all the more so for being seemingly effort less. It was evident that not only'his whole material and framework and order and arrange ment had been prepared most carefully, but thc very words, this being transparent in several passages, especially the pleasant one about thc South African wines. But, though' the mosi voluble of speakers, and though he often speaks well without premeditation, he makes no pre tence to improvisation as a merit. He respect! himself and' his audience too much to gabble when there is an opportunity of getting ready what he should wish to say ; as he himself apo logetically explained when presiding at the Li terary Fund Dinner'a few months ago.' Having had plenty of time to .prepare this, , the work manship was commensurate with the toil ; and he turned it out in a fashion which caused very competent old craftsmen under the gal lery to say, when the thing was drawing to a close, "That's the speech, of the proximate Premier." 1 Perhaps it was overhearing this that caused Derby to decamp rather suddenly before the peroration set in. Certain it is that he retreated the first of all the Corinthian circle that listened to the Gladstohian accents falling fast and soft as the descending snow outside. Could the Earl have done it better himself ? "He saps like Gladstone - and he fights like Spring,'* sung the late Colonial Secretary, in the " Kew Timon," a dozen years ago, when bo christened the then Stanley " the brilliant chief, irregularly great, frank,' haughty, rash, the Rupert of Debate." But Gladstone has done something in the mining as well as the sapping line since ; while Rupert, intent on countermining, has assuredly not advanced, unless it be vicarially, in the person of his not particularly Rupertine son. Next after Derby there came out the Duke of Argyll, evidently of opinion that though. Gladstone did the thing pretty well, for him, yet his Grace, the head of the Campbells, would have done it ten times better. Mayhap so too thought the tail of the Campbells, albeit a very exalted tail, the Lord High Chancellor, plain Jock, who was likewise I under the gallery, and as keeper of the Queen's conscience, got near the cousin of the Queen, the Duke of Cambridge, who is well known to be of opinion that the first " expression of the grape " we shall receive in this country from France will be conveyed in *' barrels " of a kind less familiar at the London docks than at Woolwich, and' commonly called ordnance. H.R.H. is reported tb feel uncommonly uncom- fortable under this persuasion ;-not so much on accountofthe destitute military condition of Eng land, alike in arms and in the brain to nerve arms, as because there is no civilian of capacity to put the means of the country in working train with the soldiery, he being of opinion that Mr. Sidney Piggledy is still only a fit col- league for the Duke 'of Higgledy, arid that another Balaklava bemuddlement would be re- peated under like circumstances to-morrow. Sidney is said to reciprocate this sentiment with interest, simple and compound ; bat per- haps he and the rest of the evergreen red-tapes of Whitehall would do well to prove their own disinterestedness to put over them a real ad- ministrator and organizer, who was also close to Cambridge last night-namely, Sir John Lawrence, the unemployed presence of whom should cause all the dogs in office who stared him in the face to blush, if such dogs ever did such things. That thrice lucky dog, Cowper, so long known at the Admiralty as Billy Cowper, was near Sir John, and "really looked as if he should like to blush, only he didn't know how ; and put off the experiment till next time, as his innocent stepfather does with the will-o'-the-wisp Reform Bill. Cowper, not having been elected since promotion to his new post at the Board of Works, called Works because of chronic idleness, is not yet an M.P., and was consequently not in the body of the house, but with the illustrious strangers, among whom eminent pre-eminent and transcendently surpassing each and all put together, native and alien, was the one sole survivor and sustainer of the real glories of a glorious epoch of the Com- mons of England.' Who? Why who could it be but Brougham ? It was Harry's first appear- ance in the Lower House since, in an evil day for his own fame and our welfare, as he has set forth in the immortal Isaac Tomkins' epistle in '38, he went to the Upper. Quondam mutatus ab Uh Htetort indeed 1 " Nestor was a man when Hector's grands ire sucked." Brougham thundered in the Senate, uproused the nation, and shook the throne "ere Gladstone was out of his cradle, and having for rivals those the dwarfs among whom wore Titans*to the pigmies who pass for, giants ' in these days of small things. Vaux was received with vast respect in the arena of his unparagoned exploits, and the reception and the emotion perhaps of the souvenirs of the locale, seemed so infinitely to please the, old mah that ha admitted he tea* old-a stupendous admission for him, and the first tim« he'ever did anything of the sort. How did he admit it. Did he say, " I am four- score and odd, very odd ?" No, but he per- formed it ;-ho allowed himself to be helped to put his coat on ; and to make that attempt on any former occasion would, be as much as the life of anybody trying it on was worth, for Harry is as touchy as was the Iron Duke about being touched on the score of corporeal infirmity. 