COMPLIMENT AEY DINNER TO MESSRS. BAGOT AfrD DUTTON. On Thursday a complimentary dinner was given at the Biverton Arms Hotel, Birerton, by the electors of Light to their newly-elected representatives, Messrs. Bagot end Button. A most sumptuous repast was provided on the occasion, such, indeed, as is rarely seen In a country district. About 60 gentlemen sat down, and it was stated that a far greater number would have been present bnt for the short ness of the notice. The chair was taken by Dr. Ward, sup ported on his right by Mr. Bagot and on his left by Mr. Dutton. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr. James Kelly. Amongst the guests we noticed Dr. Blood, J.P., Dr. Moor house, itP., Mr. Buchanan, J.P., Messrs. Hartland. Coles, Wood, Nicolls, H. Kelly, &c; The Chairman read a letter or apology from Mr. J. S. Brown. Stipendiary Magistrate at Kapunda, stating that he would have been happy to be pre rent,but was compelled to attend to official duties at Tanunda ; also, another letter from the B*y. W. Oldham, stating that he too would have been happy to be present, but was pre vented by other engagements. Mr. Bsgot stated that he had received a messageftom Alexander Hay. Esq., M.P.. stating F1*? £ei W5°ld taTe been toJW *° attend, but that his duties in Adelaide prevented him from joining the convivial party. Ample justice having been done to the good things under which the table literally groaned, the Chairman rose to pro pose a toast which he was sure every Englishman and every South Australian would respond to with a true haart-' Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; loner mar she rule over us.' Drunk with all the honors. The Vice-chairman proposed, 'Prince Albert and the reS!Lof.r,tne Koyal Fam%-' Drank with all the honors. The Chairman -rose to propose the health of a gentleman JreUuH°.fni- *' Pr«ent' 'His Excellency the Governor in.-??.let, ?.e was 8nre they would show their appreciation of His Excellency by giving him all the honors, which was nothing more than a mark of respect which His Excellency was well entitled to. Iu all matters appertaining to the interior His Excellency had ever shown his desire to promote the interests o( the colony by advising with the settlera. Drunk with great enthusiasm. The Chairman rose to propose the toast of the evening, ' The Health of their respected members— Messrs. Bagot and Dutton.' (Great cheering.) That was the first occasion upon which the representatives of Light had visited Biverton, and he trusted, therefore, the toast which he had pro* posed would be drunk with more than nsual enthu siasm. Those gentlemen bad informed him some weeks ago, that it was their intention to visit Biverton. and it was then thought by himself and others it would be an appropriate opportunity to get up the present demonstra tion, at ttbJch he was most gratified to find so many present For some years he had taken a prominent part in agitating political matters, and he and others had frequently thought they had occasion to find fault with their representatives ; but he now intended to turn over a new leaf, having arrived at the conclusion, that if they -wanted to attain those Im provements which they all so much desired, they must be on good terms with their representatives. Year after year they electors had gone on without associating with their re presentatives ; but if gatherings snch as the present were a little more frequent he believed that the greatest benefits would result If they had no other effect they would improve their minds by taking them occasionally from their ordinary avocations of farming and physic (Laughter.) It would be beneficial to their constitutions to meet occasionally and enjoy themselves. He called for bumpers lor the toast he had pro posed ' The health of their respected representatives, Messrs. Bagot and D titton.' ' The toast was drunk with great enthu siasm, the cheering lasting for several minutes. Mr. Bagot said, that perhaps he ought on the present oc casion to feel a little nervons at meeting the Choirraan and other gentlemen forming portion of the constituency which he had the honor of representing ; but he had endeavoured in vain to get up a little nervousness in his system, and had therefore thought it better to come forward, boldly and straightforward, although the Chairman might on some former occasions have said some little things against him, which it now appeared he was happy to say, were not likely to be said again. When the consti tuency of Biverton asked him to attend the dinner, notwithstanding that he was highly pressed with busi ness, he was determined, as it was the first time he had received an invitation that he would ac cept it. He was determined to see what sort of dinners were given at Biverton, and what sort of people there were there. He, therefore, said ha would come, and for a time throw business to the winds. It was always his habit and system if any of his constituents expressed a wish to dine together, or to meet together, to take the earliest op portunity of meeting them. The people of Biverton had, at nil events, shewn by the magnificent spread which hod been provided that they knew how to eat and drink. He would not enter upon any particular measures which it was in tended to introduce during the present session. From the position which he occupied, he regretted that he could not enter upon the policy of the Mimstrv of which he formed a portion. It might be expected that' he shojild mention the heads of those measures which would come before the Par liament in a few days, but he could not enter into particu lars, any farther than to state that the great principle on which the Ministry was formed was that which every man had found necessary to introduce in his own family, he alluded to the principles of economy. (Cheers.) That was the principle upon which the present Ministry must stand or fall, and if they could not enforce strict economy, other members must be colled to the helm. (Cheers.) That was the leading point of their policy— economy. He did not wish to cast any blame -upon the past Ministry, although from tlie wealth placed at their disposal there could be ne donbt they had been betrayed into rather extravagant habits. Still, the late Government thought, no doubt, they were not going too fast; but he would remind the electors that within the lost few years times had very much changed; the times were not what they were: money was not so abundant, and consequently economy was forced upon them. The time had, he was Bare it would be odm ttea, arrived when a strong effort must be made to enforce the strictest economy. He did not mean to advocate any cheese- paring system of cutting; down the salaries of Government officers, but it was time tor tne Ministry to commence with the fountain head, aud see if they could not cut down the salaries of responsible Ministers. (Cheers.) That having beenaecomplished,theirduty would then be to give their attention to other portions of the Lrorernment 8emce, and see if they could not be carried on at less expense. That was one of the matters which he had thought it well to mention. There were many other topics which he might allude to. but he would refrain from doing so, as probably his honorable colleague would not agree with liis views ; and as bis honorable colleague would probably like a seat in the Ministry it was as well not at present to let him know too much. (Laughter.) He hoped the electors would take a guarantee that the Ministry at present in power were determined to be a working Ministry. There was one other subject in connection with which Ik! would allude to his own conduct, and that was railway extension. He assured them that in connection with this matter he hod acted honestly and conscientiously, and had done what he believed for the belt, although perhaps he had not carried out the wishes of the gentlemen whom he saw around him. He trusted, however, that as the representative of a great district; he was placed in a position of great difficulty in connection with this sub ject. He had exercised calm judgment in deciding upon the various interests which he represented; and if be had not done what they wished him, he had at least acted honestly and straightforwardly. He trusted when there was farther extention to the north, the Valley of the Gilbert would not be ignored. (Cheers.) They could not try back as far as Section 112, but he trusted the line which would be adopted would be found to amalgamate the Gilbert with the Light. He thought the railway must touch not far from Biverton, and that when it was extended it must come in some way into Biverton. (Cheers.) There was one other subject to which he would allude, and that was law reform. He would particularly refer to the course which he intended to take in connection with the Beal Property Act, and he felt sure that course would be pursued by the Government. If the Beal Property Act Commissioners and the gentlemen advising them presented to Parliament any measures which they stated were necessary for the successful working of that Act, he (Mr. Bagot) would assist to pass them. (Cheers.) He would at the same time state that if they asked him to bring in any amendments in connection with that Act, he should be happy to devote time and trouble to the preparation of such amendments. He knew, from his legal experience, that there were difficulties in connection with the existing Act, but any man with honest intentions could grapple with them. Be believed the day would come when the great principle enunciated by that Act could be carried out, and that legal charges could be reduced to a fractional amount compared with what they were under the old system. He found, however, that after dinner his tongue run away with him. (Laughter.) Itwould be remembered that during the period he had been a representative of the district, he had endeavored to procure a telegraph station for Biverton. and he had also urged the necessity of a Local Court being placed iu tlie district The more he saw ot the district the more the statement of Mr. Todd, that a sufficiently central station would be at Auburn, appeared absurd. There should be means of communicating from where the centre of popula tion was situated. There was a large population st and around Biverton. an-l he should like to see the question tried whether the post- office and the telegraph could not be amalgamated. On a former 'occasion it had been said that private messages should not be handed in to the Post- office, but if the two establishments could be worked together, it would be productive of great economy. The system was being triod at Kapunda, and he felt confident it would work welL There was no difficulty in working the telegraph, as any lad after a few weeks tuition, would be enabled to work it A. central station at Auburn appeared to him of no ad vantage whatever, as It was 14 miles off, and he might re mark that when Mount Barker was not larger than Biverton, the advantage of telegraphic communication was extended to it, and he could not see why Biverton should not now enjoy the game advantage. He thought that the jurisdiction of Local Courts should be extended ; that the Judges should go circuit, and take Local Court cases above £30. .and thus avoid to suitors the enormous expenses of going to Adelaide. He would use his best efforts to have suchnn arrangement as that which he had spoken of carried out. (Cheers.) He returned the electors his sincere thanks for the honor which they had conferred upon him by invit ing him to that entertainment, and ior the handsome manner in which they hod drunk bis health. He was glad to see there was a better understanding between them than there hod been, and he had only to hope that when anything was really required for the district, the electors would meet and inform him what was really required, as heretofore he hod only been enabled to pick up from the newspapers what they really required. If their requests were in accordance with what he considered right ana proper, lie should be happy to use his best efforts to carry them wit. He trusted that at the end of three years. If he should again come before tlie constituency, the people of Biverton instead of looking upon him with the slightest degree of Jealousy, wonld say that he had carried out, or had at all events attended to their wants and wishes, and would ask him to go to Parliament '^Mr.' Doptow, who met with a very flattering reception, commenced by assuring the electors that it afforded him the greatest pleasure and satisfaction to meet them. He would 'have paid them a visit somewhat earlier, desiring an oppor tunity of making their personal acquaintance, but circum stances over which he could exercise no coutrcl had pre vented him. lie had been compelled to postpone his visit. Dressing business compelling him to visit the neighbouring colonies, and he had informed the worthy chairman of the circumstances which had prevented him from coming before. He hoped they would not -think the worse of him for not baring come before, on ths simple grounds that If a member neglected his own business, he was likely to neglect the busi ness of the electors ; but if he attended to his own, he was likely to'atttnd|to theirs. (Cheers. ) So long as the connec tion between them lasted, he could assure them he would never neglect their business, whilst he would at the same time attend to his own. He appeared before them in rather on invidious light compared with his honorable colleague, who had had the honor of representing them for several ses sions. He also came before them in the invidious light of a contested election, and they all knew the drcumstanct s under which that election was brought to a conclusion. Ex ception had been token to him on the ground that he was not a resident in the district Particular stress had been laid upon that, it being contended that a person living in 'the dis trict was much better qualified to represent that district than one who lived at a considerable distance from it. It was unfortunate that such an argument was brought forward, because his friend Mr. Mooruouse, who resided in the district,, represented the city of Adelaide, and if that gentleman, resi ding in the district of Light were a good and efficient repre sentative of the city of Adelaide, he could not see why he (Mr. Dutton) residing in Adelaide, should not make a good and efficient representative for the district of Light. It ap peared to him, therefore, that the argument was rather an unfortunate one. Another objection which had been taken to him was. that he was a defeated candidate. Some of the electors could not see why he should come to the Light, after being defeated for the city ; but that was not his fault, but bis misfortune. (Laughter.) That was a misfortune which had befallen tar greater men than he was, who had been sent away from the constituencies which they had represented with, as the saying was, a flea in their ear. Mr. Burke was defeated in Bristol, and Mr. Macaulay was also defeated in Edinburgh, and if men of such towering intellects as those were subjected to such a fate, what reason was there that a similar fate should not befal a small pigmy like hlmsel ? The reason that he did not stand for the Light in the first instance was, that he had served the citizens of Adelaide for a period of nine years, and hod done nothing to forfeit their confidence, therefore, if lie had come to the Light in the first instance, without testing the feeling of those whom he had so long represented, the electors or Light might reasonably have said— 'surely you must be afraid to go to your own constituency, or why coma to us ?' For that reason it was that he did not in the first instance listen to the invitation of many influential electors of the Light He was not one to desert his colors, and therefore it was that he was not dis posed to desert the city, any more than he should be at a future time to desert the light. If on a future occasion he should not represent the Light, it would be because he was a defeated candidate, but he should never be ashamed to shew Us face amongst the electors. No one should be found de serting his post but having been defeated In the city he ap pealed to tie Light, and he might remark that being de feated in the city was one of those small mortifications which every one engaged in political life must expect to put up with. He did not regret the change, and should always reflect with pleasure and pride that he had made go happy and pleasant a change. (Cheers.; They must all be aware of the frequent changes which took place in political life. Whitachangefor instance hod taken place before the Parlia ment was a week old, the old Ministry having been turned out neck and crop, and his honorable colleague Mr. Bagot having been appointed a responsible minister of the Crown. He had endeavoured on his way up to extract from his hon. colleague something of the policy of the new Ministry, but hi* hon. colleague would not let out a word. (Laughter.) He was glad to hear, however, from his hon. colleague that the leading principles of the ntw Ministry were judicious retrenchment and economy, (Cheers.) He could not announce, not knowing the programme, thathe (Mr Dutton.' should be found a supporter of the whole, but so for as that portion wi.s concerned to which his' honorable colleague hod alluded he should be found a hearty supporter of every «ffart to promote judicious or wise reform and retrenchment -Lou-L cheers.) In touching upon the new Ministry, lie must ssy thathe tat very much disappointed to find that his friend and colleague was not in that position in the new Cabinet which it might reasonably have been expected he would occupy. He wo* not in the secret, and therefore could not tell what motives had actuated bis hon. colleague; but he thought there must have been strong motives to induce his hon. colleague to accept a subordinate position when his natural and proper position was that of Attorney-General. (Cheers.) He did not wish to throw any reproach upon his hon. colleague for the course which he had taken, as he felt assured by and by they would be in formed of all the circumstances, and he tetieved it wonld be found he had been actuated by strong patriotic motives. (Cheers.) From his knowledge of his hon. colleague— and he had known him for many years— be believed that his pre sence in the Ministry ?woad in & great measure conduce to keep that Ministry together ; for liis hon. colleague was pos sessed of great judgment, good temper, and prudence, which were qualities which he was afraid other members of the new Ministry did not possess. (Cheers.) He hoped his hon. colleague's presence would be the means of keeping a very strong Ministry together ; but still he thought it was not the position which his hon. colleague should hold, and he must say it filled him with astonishment, and he might say regret when he heard that he had accepted it With respect to the formation of the new Ministry, those gentlemen present might hare read that the old Ministry was pat out by twenty-three Liberal members. He (Mr. Dutton) was unfortunately in the minority, and he wished to ask them whether they considered him a Liberal or not ? He had always been under the impression that he was more Radical than Liberal; and was rather gnrprised to see the twenty three by whom the late Ministry were defeated designated liberals, whilst the minority were the supporters of those liberal measures which had occupied the attention ol the Legislature. He had held a seat in the Legislature since 1851, and all those great questions which they hod had to fight for hod found in him a staunch supporter. (Cheers.) He might refer to the extension of the suffrage, the aboli tion of the state grant for religion, the abolition of property qualification, the ballot, &c; He mentioned those things because he was not in the majority by which the late Ministry was defeated, yet he would assert there was no more staunch supporter of liberal measures than he was. (Cheers.) He wished to make a few remarks in reference to the Victorian Land BilL For some months past a Bill had L-een under the consideration of the Parliament of that colony to give greater facilities to parties of small means for the acquisition of land. Daring the late elections that Bill was made a subject of general discussion. He was lately in Melbourne, and made particular enquiries about the Land Bill, thinking that if it was a good Bill for Victoria it must be a good Bill for South Australia; but he found that the Bill which had now passed the Legislative Assembly, but which had to go through the Upper House, though it professed to be beneficial to meu of small means, sofuU of restrictions and impediments to men of small meaas, that he had not been able to come to the conclusion that the measure as at present passed would be beneficial here. With their permission he would point out a 1 ew of its defects, as the subject might pos sibly occupy their attention. The general principle of the measure was that 80 acres should be sold for £30 to parties who were able to pay £20 for 20 acres, and rent the other 6u acres for a term of years. The leading principle of the measure was deferred payments. It was strange that a system of deferred payments should be introduced by parties who professed the most ardent admiration for the American system and constitution, for it was a fact that the system of deferred payments never found favor there. On the con trary, it had always been found desirable that the relations between the Government and the people should be of the most simple character. So far from this principle having been acted upon in Victoria, there seemed in their Land Bill to have been the greatest pains taken to make the rela- tions between thi Government and the people of the most difficult and complex character. Suppose for instance, that a party paid bis JE20 for 20 acres, and leased the remaining 60 acres, the Bill provided that he should forfeit his lease, unless he effected improvements duriug the first year to the extent of j£1 per acre. Then again it was provided that the lessee should not be allowed to make use of the rented land for any other than agricultural purposes. If the lessee became in solvent, or sub-let the rented land, or assigned it he forfeited his lease. If the lease were sold by auction by the lessee's creditors, it became invalid. Then, again, the lessee or hid agent must live for two hundred days in the year upon the land, or the lease became forfeited. Parties were only per mitiei to purchase one lot, and that niusfrnot exceed 320 acres. What an array of Government officers would be re quired to carry out the provisions of the Bill. Suppose, tor instance, a lessee only lived 190 days, instead of 200. upon the land during toe year? By whom was this violation of one of the provisions of the Bill to be proved? The Bill in some portions appeared to him to be altogether of an imprac ticable character. The Bill also provided that if a party employed another person to purchase an adjoining lot he should be liable to a fine of 200I, or if it became knowu that a party hod borrowed money upon the security of such lands, he became liable to the same penalty, 200/. This was s measure which had been extolled during the late elections as calculated to confer vast benefits upon the poor man, and he had alluded to the subject for the purpose of shewing the difficulties wbUb. persons had iu making laws really beneflcial to the poorer classes. He should feel it his duty carefully to watch the progress of the Bill through the Victorian Parlia ment and if he arrived at the conclusion that it would be really beneficial to people of small means, he should endeavor to make it the law here. As he had for a period of 2u months held the office of Com missioner of Crown Lan If, now held bv his honorable colleague, he dared say he should be able to give some useful attention to this subject (Cheers.) He would allude to one or two local subjects to which he could assure them he should be happy to give his cordial support His hon. colleague had said that it was quite possible in the extension of the railway northward, though it might not come through Biverton, he believed it would be within a short distance of it and he (Mr. Dutton} should then feel it his duty to urge upon the Government the necessity of making a passable road to con nect the rising township of Biverton with the nearest station on the railroad. He thought the township fully entitled to this, so as to enable the agriculturists to bring their produce with greater economy down to town. (Cheers.) The subject of establishing a telegraphic station and Court-house should also hive hit moBt cordial support. (Cheers.) His lion, colleague had stated what he would do, but he (Mr. Dutton) had had a little more experience in office than his hon. col league, who would perhaps find that he would not be able to do all he wished. The Ministry would no doubt require a little squeezing, and he (Mr. Dutton) would be prepared to squeeze them, as no doubt his hon. colleague wonld be; and, by putting ou the screw, he hoped to obtam for the district if not all that could be desired, at least some advantages. He hoped that their beautiful district would go on increasing in prosperity and population, so that when the electoral dis tricts were remodelled. Light would not only have its two members, but immediately around where they were assembled would have a member of its own. With such on important district he hoped the time was not distant when he would be able to advocate such a course. In reference to any other focal matters it would be their fault If they did not make him their servant in the fullest sense, as he should be always ready to serve their interest and it would be tbeir own fault if they did not make use of him as fully and heartily as he desired. He thanked them for the very handsome manner In which they had allowed him to make their acquaintance, and assured them he should have been happy to attend even bad the dinner been wanting. (The hon. member resumed his seat amidst loud and con tinued cheering.) Song— Mr. Henry Kelly. Mr. Henrv KELLr, in proposing the 'Parliament of South Australia,' remarked that it was high lime hon. members should set to work iu good earnest and he only hoped they would endeavor to do some business, and not fight and quarrel amongst themselves. They were told on high authority to give honor to whom honor was dur, and he should at all times /eel happy to do so. Macaulay told them, strange as it might appear, that not more than 200 years ago, it was a common thing for members of Parliament to accept bribes of £50 or £100 for their votes, and that state of things existed up to the time of Walpolc, but was knocked ou the head by Mr. Pitt. But he would ask were not members of Parliament here sometimes bribed? Was it not possible to bribe by a Government office or a Government contract ? A knowledge that such was the case should ren der the constituencies fully alive to the necessity of electing as their representatives men ot the strictest political honesty. The toast was drunk with all the honors, and one cheer more for the uew Ministry. Mr. Moorhouse, M.P., in responding, said that he had the pleasure of addressing many of those whom he saw around him five months ago ; but he could not then speak freely as he was at that time outside the camp. He felt in some difficulty In reference to the toast, as he believed it was understood they were to avoid all political allusions. The hon. member, Mr. Bagot, had spoken with considerable reserve, being in the Ministry, Tnit perhaps he might be per mitted to tell that honorable gentleman what any Ministry must do— they must retrench. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Moor house) had been asked to come forward as a can didate for the representation of the Light, and had partly promised to do so ; but when a resident of the district came forward he altered his determination and became a candidate for the, representation of 'the city. The electors were indebted to Mr. Dutton for many liberal in stitutions which they at present enjoyed, and that gentle man had stuck well to his colors. He believed that his (Mr. Moorehonse's) fault was, that he was a little too fast; pro bably when he had been nine years in harness like Mr Dutton, he might think that he was a little too fkst and sit down quietiy at home as a conservative. With a lolling off in the revenue to the extent of 70,0001. or 80,0002., he thought all must admit that they would be going a little _too fast to continue the present rate of expenditure, and that it was time to re trench. He thought so, and was pleased to hear the policy of the new Ministry. At all events lie should go In with a de termination to make a powerful effort to retrench, for it would not be honest not to lessen the expenditure when the income was falling off to the extent ot 8-,oooL a year. He believed that the vote upon which the late Ministry retired had been taken, as it was intended, as a vote of want of con fidence, and he might remark it was singular that not one member of the past Government spoke about economising, though a largemtjority of the Bouse felt that economy and retrenchment were absolutely necessary. It was from (liig circumstance that a want -6f confidence was felt in the pa st Government, for they could not apparently see that thr-v were drifting into a state of embarrassment. He brlievt'd that about 60,O0ttt -a year wonld be required for the next twenty- four years 10 meet interest and redemption of money. That was a Tearful thing, and must hefeareii, produco a depression from which all Interests would suffer. It was aifficnit to find satisfactory private investments, end as he nJ^nS9 ftf ^ny 'munef»«7e channel for the emplovment of puMio funds, he certainly could not lend his vole to borrow any more money. Though nominally a rrnre sentativeofthe City of Adelaide, hi should kJep acK eye upon matters affecting the Interests of Light. For in. stance, in reference to what had been said relative to Hie Valley of the Gilbert he should vote for a line by which il* best gradients could be secured, and which lie believed would prore most beneficial to the colony. He thould also advocate an approach totheKapunda^ilway.andthougHUetl.oBSlit Eiverton entitled to a Local Court they must |oak prior to asking for its establishment to the probability of navin-* ex penses if it were established. ' ° The Chaieman at this stage read a petition which lm* been prepared, praying for the establishment or a L--cal Court, intimating at the same time that he understood a counter petition was In course of signature. Tlie pciifiou was handed to the members for presentation to the Legis lature. Mr. Bagot intimated that 12 months ago he forwarded .1 communication to the Government intimating that a Local Court was much required st Eiverton. Song by Mr. Oldham. Mr. Hartlawd proposed 'Lady KacDonnell and (he Ladies of South Australia.' The toast was drunk most enthusiastically, and was responded to by Mr. Nicholls. Mr. Moorhodse, M.P.. proposed ?? The 3IIning and C ;m mereial Interests'— remarking that though the c-immercial interest was In rather a depresswi state, the raining interest was In a more favorable condition ; and that he trusted tUe large mineral discoveries in the north would cause that branch of industry to be pursued with gi cater vigor than ever. * Mr. DnanoH, M.P., endorsed the statement of Mr. Moor honte, in reference to the commercial interest not beins in a very flourishing state, but its present condition had Ikcu caused by the large discoveries of gold in tlie neighboring colony, which were likely to continue to dratraway a porii jn of onr population, and commercial relations in consequence - became disturbed. lie only hoped that those who went to seek their fortunes at the gold-fields would bring back pk-nty of gold. He looked upon the Burra and Kapunda mines as the great mainstays of the colony ; he did not kno-.v what the colony would do if it were not for them. He took a most lively interest in everything connected with the Kapunda mine, and there were great mineral indications fa the for north, but it must be tte work of time to ascertain whether they would yield a proper return for the outi.-tv cf capital He only hoped that tlie great company wbiok 'had been formed in England would not be disappointed. SoTgby Mr. Oldham, The Vice-Chairman proposed 'The Agricultural, rro.i! cuUuraL and Pastoral Interests of the Cjlony.' The toast was drunk most cordially, and was responded to by Messrs. H. Keixy, Habm«and, and Bdchasan. Mr. Dutton, M.P., proposed 'Success to Kiverton,' ex pressing the delight which he had expsiienced ia viaitiaj The toast was drunk most cordially, and was rcsponled to by Mr. Gobpon. . Songby Mr. 'Wild. Mr. Cole proposed ' The Visitors.' Dr. Blood, J.P., acknowledged the toast. Song by Mr. Henry K«*ly. Mr. Moobhouse M.P., proposed the Press. Responded to by the representatives of tUe Art-xrtiier and Ctovnfcfe, the Register aud Obseraer, and the A'orthern Star. Mr. Bagot, M.P., proposed 'The Chairman.' Sfr. Sabtland proposed 'The Vice Chairman,' and the Chairmak proposed ' The Host' The toasts were soitabl/ . responded to, and the programme having beau goss thro^rU. the guests departed. ' The Philosophical Society. — Ths usual monthly meeting of this Society wa? held at V'hits's Rooms, on Tuesday evening, May 15, the ltev. G. EL Farr in the chair. About fourteen members were prs sent. In the absence of Mr. J. H. Clark, Mr. Smeaton acted as secretary, and read the minutes of the previous meeting, after which. Mr. Wnitridgs was requested to read liis promised paper on 'Some obscure msntal phenomena.' He stated that ho had been uaaiile, through preoccupation, to prepare a regular papsr, but had provided himself -with a few note* wMch would have to- answer as a substitute. Mr. Whitridgo inirj iluced tUe theory that minds, or some portion of tha existing human being which was not holy, hod tho faculty of communicating or being cciumnnicated with by another spirit, if it might be so called, through other media than the material senses. In support of wLijli hypothesis he adduced the frequently O2currin-r fact of a person's appearance simultaneously with the circum stance of his being thought of or spoken about, and many recorded and 'apparently well authenticated facts were quoted to prove this opinion. Dreams were also stated to be the condition of the body in wliiei many c f these communications were received, and snstincei vrero narrated of slumberers visited hy the app.u\t'on of th ir roiafirei at the moment of their dejth. These, Mr. Whifcridge considered,' were evidences, eithsr of a. great degree of sensitiveness oh the part of the rtc'r i nc cf the communication, or- of aggressive posver of ihe sa'jau sensitive character on the part of the C3ininun:oaiit. We cannot follow Mr. Whitridije through his somsw jat difficult, but certainly very interesting lectura o 1 tko probability that if ghosts were not a reality, they wrro as much so as many or most appearances on which wo place reliance, or receive as facts through the medium of our senses. Mr. Whitridge enquired 'if it wer.; pos sible to have impressed on the retina of th-3 eye tho appearance of a sensible object, conveyed by Via nerres to the brain (how, it was-impossible to say), was it not equally possible that the brain hid the power of reproducing that object again on the ret'ni?' The arguments were too numerous and too delicate to ba inserted in a hasty notice. The remjii!iderof the lectura consisted of what are usually described '-s wondirful coincidences, but which Mr. Whitrii^econsidei-ei to bo aetml communications. Mr. Dewhirst related soais es traorilinary circumstances connected with tha de t'a. ot a brother of his en the coast of Africa save vl ye irs ;uf -, and Mr. Oiven narrated a rem irkable dreim tvki h ho had of a shipjvrecked brothjr-iti- aw, ia tb.a year 1S5 ). Mr. Wells (a visitor) endeavoured to show ihat tha ghestly theory was based on sapsrstitica, in pro if of which he stated that the character of thj jjh-j?ts sriiidi had been stated to have appeared varied wit'Ii the p^-ioi. Mr. JTraucJs imagined he could e:plau all tba wonderful dreams which had receivei a : cm ir'i.i'j'o fulfilment simply as unus'ial coincidsn -e?. and t'_ii n;: iiaritaons as the result of pork snnper.?. or any o'h'jr ? similar c -u?es of in iigestion. The disc.wsioa i7.j,j 1 vc:y interesting, and at times a very amu-ing 01 -, aui although no definite decision appeared to bo ar.-ivdd at, the lecture had the effect of introiuciag a to^L' ifjija. perhaps will bear further ventilation. Pbesentatioit. — Oa 'Monday afternoon V. aamtier of gentlemsn enterlamed John Vautin, E-q , Manager of tha Union Bank, l-ort Adel:ude. at till Britannia Hotel, previous to his departure to Mc\bo -rue, and presented him with a very haniso'.ne taak.ir.i, 01 which was engraved a very suitable inseripriou expYr; sive of the high ostimition iu which \i--. vrix iiel 1 . \Vj helieve Mr. vautin leav-« for Melbourne ia thi Havili'.i. Mount Baekee Disteict. — 'We liavs bean requested to notify that an individual represeutiu^ h'za self to be a clergyman, has been making asi w.iwarr st able use of the names of several minister of religion ia the above district, and that he has in co isequsass 1) *ca envied to avail himself of the hospitality of the sst iCrs. We make this intimation by spscial request : bat if :i-;v indivi-luftl has been imposed upon it-would'Yie srei; f-V htm 10 carry his case before tlis niagfctraws. ?;':i.*h arould at least have the effect of giriaj offi-ial pu')Ici;y to the matter. Caution to Shopkeepers. — On Sata-rLiT evening, about 8 o'clock, whilst the larHIor i of L;T'» Royal Admiral Hotel was serving soina cu-.toaj.a-.-s in ths parlour, and at a time tliat several c?isto!ii3.-« vrcrj standing in front of the bar: a boy of about ti*\;:70 v3,,i of age walked into the bar, from the sijs doo-. ani .ic!! berately opened the till, and took out som-j silvar uuna-/ 7 fortunately there was not much left ia thi till, imt fro^i whit remain.3d it is supposed that he obtained sjrui 4«. or 5s. The Ovens and MuaTtAY Visets/jb?. ? ' Vineyards only six rears old have yielded at the rat3 of 500 gallons of wins to the acre, and vine:- of ii:r.;9 j ea' 3 old have produced twelve pounds weight of gi'-jiss !?; each vine ; and it is the opmioa of competent iii^-as that this district is destine.! to become tks vi- jwyanCo? the colony. In this district, nearly ev::ry dsso iutio-i cf fruit of the temperate aone grows weH ;' and risWhcwC ?' the rapidity of growth of the vine ia these latitudes ;.-j most enconraging for tbeir culture. An exnjrieiii-; I vine-growrer compares our plants at the.a^a'of t.ivreo years to those of seven years' growth on t;ie Iihiuo.:- — Report oftht Gems anil Murray Association. Sporting— Phdestsianism. Es;t2ao2oinatit. — On Saturday lagt our fellow-citizens resident in liia vicinity of the Exchange Hotel, and the loiterers at t'.to ' corner' were highly amused at a very ezcitiar wa!!:'«iv; match for £.5 aside, between Mr. Bunn, ' mine hail' o? the Exchange, aged 65, and pla-raed with the gou\ a»d Mr. Day, sen., late of Walkerville, sa o!d g-eatisci-.u very inSrm, and about 80 year3 of age. Tha 'groua-I to be walked over was from the Exchange, llote! to tha Globe Inn — the competitor arriving first~at the latter inn. to be the winner. Captain Haimes offioia's i «s starter, Mr. Kellet umpire, trad the rivals hobblid \v,-.yat a terrific pace {*) Mr. Day, on acoountof bis bo'.ag lam -, was permitted to use his walking cane. At Marribsl's! Mr. Bunn was ahead, and stopped to get win 1, meanwhilo Mr. Daycatneup and was persuaded to pu3h on, uji known to Mr. Bunn, who, forgetting the h u-e ami tor toise, very nearly lost the day, and, to make up, begaa to run, which Mr. Day observing, cansid him t - run also ; the contest ended in a dead heat, much to ihs ea oyment of all who witnessed the display. Victoria Theatre. — On Saturday evening, tue San Francisco Minstrels made a verv successful ap pearance. The house was not crowded, but the au-.Tocce. a tolerably numerons one, betrayed great delict d-iring the peiformances. In addition, to many * excellent choruses, many- of which were performed on thnt occasion for the first time, the remarkably clever i aits tionj by Mr. Carson, were frcjuently interuptol by vociferous demonstrations of approval. These chano teristia personations were very numerous, nnd included parodies ou the acting of Mr. Clarame Holt. Mr. M uly (formerly a member, of the Adelaile storfe corap.inT), and a very humorous rendering of the p.-^sage, 'Now is tLe winter of our discontent,' in wh;ch tha DutoSi raan and Yankee were very cleverly cariciturei Although they lasted along time in their delivery, an I must have fatigued Mr. Carson, t'ae aud ense app-i;r^d to be impatient for an encore, which was given with great good nature, an Irish song, excellently wel! svin^, l'ei;i^ substituted. -Mr. Burba.-.k suoce de'd with the r.u:l-£ snake jig, when he drew a species of music from tho heels of hU boots, which moved in time to a livjiv measure. Mr. Demerest performed some estrao dinavy acrobatic ex reisaa oa the swinging bar, awAkeniug sur prise and admiration at his dexterity. Throughout, t;ia performance was varied and amusiug, and susiaucd ilia iaterest of the audienoe to the close. The San. Feancisco Minstrels. — This popular troupe of artistes made their appearance at tno Port Theatre on Friday evening, May 11, an:l drew together a most numerous and respectable ussemS'aje. Tha performance end novelties introduced sacmcl to excite the greatest amusement throughout th? crc mug. In the second part of the performance Messrs. DemereTt and Burbaak introduced several dances, ths former in fetna'e attire, which draw a large amount of ajipi-'.'iis. A. most beautiful ballad, sung by Mr. Betay, aud tba ' Blue-tail F.y,' by Mr. Carson, were also rAp'u:o-j='-7 applauded. The evening's entertainment conc;-.i-:ed with the Plantation Festival Dance_, entitled ' '?.'Fi;. 'oa Doo ; or the Slaves' Holiday' — which occcuijii-j! ±.^h real amusement. 