THE CHURCH ACT. During the long and interesting debates in the old Council on the Constitution Act, a good tangible grievance used to be considered of incalculable service by the advocates of Responsible Government. If some of the ultra-liberal members of that d.iy were to appear once more on the arena of colonial poli tic?, how very different would be their tone and. parliamentary tactics after having wit nessed the working of the Legislature for the last few years under the new Constitu tion. Mr. Wentworlh, the foster father of that measure, would turn pale on witnpssins? the legislative pranks of his favourable off spring, particularly when lie would find so much time taken up with Jong and rabid speeches, and with abortive attempts at pas sing a good Land Bill, as well a» at certain extravagant attempts made for repealing some of the best acts of the old Legislature and of substituting theoretical chimeras in their place. It is well known that Mr. Wentworth and other independent and honorable members of the old Council highly approved of the provisions of the Church Act, and that he took a most prominent part in passing the acts for the incorporation of the Sydney University and of the Affili ated Colleges, which some of our flippant novices in law making would now wish to see repealed. As there is at present no ' political grie vance' worth talking of which calculating politicians could take up as a stock-in-trade for the purpose of agitation — with the ex ception, perhaps, of the ghost of ' Respon sible Government' — while there appears to be little or no responsibility whatever, what is now most acceptable to our aspiring legis lators is some high Bounding and catehing election cry such as ' the People's Land Bill,' ' no Land no Rifle,' 'no State-Aid to Religion.' The Premier spoke out very honestly on the last mentioned clap- trap cry, vyhen he informed one of our tip top liberal members that he did not intend to bring in any bill this session such as that propounded by his predecessor in office. Mr. Robertson has acted wisely, in our opinion, and consulted for his own character as a prudent leader of the Cabinet, by declining to introduce any measure for the Repeal of the Church Act. For a good deal of the ephemeral populurity that seemed to attach during the last general election to the party cry of ' no State-Aid to Religion,' seems to be dying out. Seve ral of those simple-minded people who were then captivated with this electioneering ruse, are gradually recovering the use of thdir common sense, which tells them that it would ba both unwise and unjust to deprive those congregations of the soimII annual al lowance that was guaranteed to them by ah' Act of Council towaids the support of a clergyman, after they hud liberally subscribed for the erection of a becoming piVce of divine worship for their own use aud that of their families. It is positively uufair on the part of a few noisy and talkative agitators — who in all likelihood, never subscribed any thing for the purposes of the Church Act, to be endeavouring t.o deprive of their legal rights those industrious colonists who, dur^ ing the last twenty-four year.-!, contributed liberally out of their limited means for the building of churches aud residences for cler gymen iii order to secure the pecuniary aid guaranteed by an Act of Council towards the support of ministers for officiuting in these churches. ' ? All admit that the labourer is worthy of his hire, and assent to the Baying of the Apostle, ' That ho who serves ut the Altar should live by the Altar.' The only question, then, worthy of consideration, in connection with, tho bupport of ministers of religion, is this— Lj it right or just for tho legislature of any Christian country to apportion u moderate bum of the revenue raised from the people towards the Bupport of those who minister in 6acred things for tho benefit of tho people? Or is tho ' voluntary system,' so much extolled by the opponents of the Church Act, the only one to be adopted for raising funds to meet the expenses in separable from the decent ministrations of Religion. Some say that it is ' wrong in principle' for the State to give aid for the support of ministers of religion at all, and that the State has nothing to do but to protect the property and persons of the subjects, and to provide for the public peace. These people should recollect that that cannot be ' wrong in principle' which the Almighty himself sanctioned under the Jewish Dispensation, by directing the State to provide substantial aid for the Temple, and for those who ministered therein. Neither can it be wrong in principle for the Legislature of New South Wales — a Christian colony— to adopt that which the legislature of every Christian country sanctioned in one form or another since the time that Constantine the Great liberated the Christian world from the persecuting tyranny of Pagan Rome. We freely admit that the State has no power in matters of faith, in prescribing the form or substance of Divine worship, or in de ciding disputed points of Christian Doctrine. But it is objected by the opponents of the Church Act that the Legislature of New South Wales is supporting errors in religion by giving aid to the clergymen of four different denominations — some of whom must be preaching religious error. This, however, is a mere sophism, for the State decides nothing as to the religions opinions held by any of those denominations, 'and that very wisely, as members of each of these deno minations are actually members of the State Legislature itself, before which every man is frae to profess that religion which his con science tells him is the right one. The Legislature did not form or fashion any of these several denominations here; but it took them as it found them, professing the various forms of belief which are publicly recognised in England, Ireland, Scotland, and, in fact, in all the dependencies of the British Crown. The Legislature, however, considered it desirable for the sake of public morals, and the promoting of Christian worship, to grant certain sums for building churches and supporting clergymen on the express condition that the members of each denomination should act upon the voluntary system, and subscribe towards their places of worship. Some very naturally object to be taxed for supporting ministers of religion dif ferent from their own ; but this objection has no foundation in truth or in fact when applied to the provisions of our Church Act. For the members of the Churches of Eng land and Scotland, the Roman Catholics, and the Wesleyans — all receiving aid under that Act, form more than seven-eighths of the population, and no one denomination receives aid for church purposes from the public fund to wnicn they had not previously con tributed their full share. As to the frac tional part of the population, composed of Independents, and some of the Free Church Presbyterians — who do not comply with the conditions of the Church Act, they can not justly complain that they are taxed to maintain the religion of the seven-eighths of the people, as they could receive an equitable share if they thought fit to apply for it. But it is really too bad for thetn to attempt acting tho part of the ' dog in the manger,' seeking to prevent the great majority of tho population from receiving any public aid fer public worship, because they themselves, through some crotchet or other, will not ask for that aid. It is a mere fallacy and a clap trap objection to say that any Christian man in New South Wales id taxed to support the religion of another. All contribute in due proportion to the revenues, and all are en titled to receive a moderate portion for their religious purposes. There is no well- governed country in the world where a fractional minority are permitted to deprive the vast majority of the people of their legal rights. Yet, this is what the talkative declaimers about the Repeal of the Church Act are endeavouring to effect. Sir John Sliuttleworth thus answers the objection of the minority in England with regard to State Aid for Education, and his answer is equally appli cable to State Aid to religion in New South Wales. He says — ' If a minority determined to reject the aid of Government (for the support of Schools) this would obviously be a self inflicting privation, by no means inherent in the measure. Such an objection ha3 ifs parallel in the opinion of those who object to an increase of endowments or rather to the princi ple of rel giom endowments from resources in any degree national. That a minority should suffer for conscience sake the deprivation of its worldly substance, or place itself in a position of persevering protest against ins'.iiutions sanctioned by experience, and supported hy the law, must probably be the inevitable result of that freedom of opinion anil action, private and public, which is happily secured to individuals and associations by the English constitution. But deference to such a minority is a question of public convenience and practical states manship. In such a case as the present the minority would simply deprive itself voluntary of its share of the means destined by the State to augment the resources uf piivate charity. It is obviously within the power of the minority to show its attachment to its own principles by the increased personal sacrifices ofitsmembers to fill the void which its rejection has occasioned. But it is impossible to admit as a sufficient objection to the adoption of any measure which does not violate the first principles of justice, and which the majority conceive tends to the general advantage, the fa. t that a protesting minority claim the highest sanctions for the scruples which induced them to undergo privation, and submit to the spoiling of their goods for conscience sake. We iuteud in a future issue to consider the question as to the wisdom or justice of leaving the entire support of public worship to the exclusive working of the ' voluntary system' iu the present shifting and unsettled state of the inhabitants of this colony. we published in this journal some weeks ago an article on one or two of the phases of the present revolution in Italy. We then animadverted on the general want of that moral courage am--ng the clergy of that country in not boldly fronting the hydra headed insurrection and crushing it at once with one strong heroic effort. Up to that time we remarked the absence of that un selfish spirit of martyrdom for which the condition of Ituly tbou and now presented bucIi an ample field ; nay, wo found that some of the ecclesiastics' — perchunce from a sudden surprise and bewilderment— abso- lutely embraced tho causo of the revolution and sing Te Deums for its triumph. This was a matter worthy of passionate bewail ment ; but we felt. that the hour would arrive when nil this would be amply redeemed by noble and heroic suffering in imprisonments and dishonour on the part of the Church at large. We were not disappointed. The Revolution has ere this discovered that it has met a resistance from a foe not unac customed to victory and long struggling. From the columns of the Armoma, a Pied montese journal, we gather a few statistics, at once revealing the heroism of faith and the hypocritical pretences of Italian liberal ism. The prisons were full of ? priests, bishops, and cardinals ; condemned without any judicial process whatever to lengthy im prisonment and large fines. The Cardinal Archbishop of Pisa was dragged from his diocese on the 18th of May last, and im mured within his dungeon cell for two monthsv Having thus insulted and mal treated the venerable prince of the church, these hypocritical and gallant defenders of liberty rinding that intimidation had no effect on the heroic archbishop, and that his further captivity may imperil the cause of liberalism in the eyes of a vigilant European public, resolved lo add insult and indignity to injury by despatching to the Cardinal the Chief of. the Department of Justice to announce to him his immediate presence before, the Minister Oavour, as preliminary to his release from, the unjnst and despotic bondage to which they had consigned him. It being manifest that even Cavour could find no just cause in the Cardinal except his natural fight to dissent from the Revolution and its principles. After an insulting lesson on the future propriety of his conduct towards the chiefs of Sardinian revolution, they sent back to his flock and church the heroic Cardinal Prince without the faintest excuse or aplogy for the atrocious attack upon his personal Hbeity and indecorous treatment perpetrated in the sacred name of Liberty. Again, in the person of Cardinal Corsi, did these champions of Liberty repeat a like in justice, which stood manifested at once by. his restoration to liberty. The name of this illustrious champion of the Faith and true Freedom will ever be the deepest reproach and tho most crushing reply to the empty and hypocritical vauntings of the passionate love of liberty in these mongrel Italian revo tionists. On the 25th and 26th of May, at Genoa and Turin, four Jesuites were seized and imprisoned by these liberty-loving apostles. The whole revolutionary press, as usual, created and scattered far and wide rumours and dark hints of conspiracy — discovery of arms and terrible documents in the possession of these harmless clergymen, swelling thus the tide of public calumny — outrage and hatred against them. After forty-four days of captivity within prison ? walls — after the process of a most severe and minute judicial investigation from their enemies, these worthy sons of Loyola were placed at liberty— innocent, and unscathed from the most hostile and searching en quiries. The structure of foal calumny and outrage so solemnly and carefully built up by the press was blown to the earth with a blast of truth like a house of cards ; and will for the future be a warning and a lesson to the credulous and stupid who suffer them selves to be seduced by the fell spirit of calumny whenever the cause of Catholicity is unier consideration. On tho release of these Jesuit Fathers followed immediately the seizure aud impri-' sonment of the Bishop of . Placenzn, his 'Vicar, and eight Canons. The first was condemned to fourteen months and a fine of 1300 francs ; the second, to one year and 1000 francs; the Canons, each,, to six months to a dungeon cell and a fine of 500 francs. However, these victims seemed not to satisfy the voracious maw of the revolu tionary Cerberus, and the vaunting spirit of Italian liberty seized and threw into his jaws another ' bon bouche,' in the person of Father Reginald Barbiani, a Dominican Doctor of Theology in the University of Forli; whom they condemned to one year's imprisonment, with a fine of 2000 francd. Now we shall enquire — what was their crime? What law, human or Divine, did these gentlemen violate to bring down the wrath of Itulian Liberty on their heads ? The eloqnent Dominican Reginald shall make answer. When called upon by the authorities at Forli to show cause why he refused the invitation to chant a ' Te Deum' to the revolution, he replied— ' Persuaded that, under the protection of a Government vaunted for its moderation and its love of a new-born liberty, no danger — no. blame could be incurred by an honest manifestation, in becoming language, of per sonal independant conviction, I resolved to express my dissent from the spirit of the revolution by a formal abstinence from any share in the ceremony. If this be my crime in the eyes of Italian liberty, I accept it3 ill-will and its consequences.' Noble sarcasm on the vaunted pretensions of this Italian hypocritical Liberalism I Further comment would be out of place. Here, then, we have, from the 26th of June to the 7th of July, thirteen members of the clergy condemned for using their privilege in re fusing to chant a ' Te Deum' for the success of the Italian Revolution. The united term of their imprisonment and sum of their fines come to 4750 days and 14,500 francs ! The following resume will display the generous fair play of this foul, Italian, hypocritical revolution : — Condemnai,. Imprisonment. Fine. The V. General of Bologn* 3G months ... 2,000 francs. Bishop of Faiinza ... 33 „ ... 4,000 „ Bishop of 1'lacenza ... 14 „ ... 1,500 „ V. General of Placenza ... 12 ,, ... 1,000 „ Eight Canons of Placenza. ., 48 „ ... 4,000 „ Rev. F. Reginald Barbiani 12 „ ... 2,000 „ US months. 14,500 francs. Such is the magnanimous result of Italian liberty 1 However, the Church and the Catholic world at large have great cause for joy and hfipe jn the heroic spirit of patient suffering which these confessors have ex hibited. They have edified by their noble intrepidity and bold defence of the gospel of truth which they minister to the whole Christian world. May their example be to others, in this fierce and infidel war upon fuith waged just now on the continent of Europe, a guiding light. It is stated that the grave of the Earl of Worcester, who was buried tit the time of Henry VIII., is to bo opened for tho pm-poso of ascer taining whether it contains a model of a steam- , engine iuvented by him and buried with him, . 