ORIGINAL POETRY. THE POLITICAL WRECK; OR, FORSTER AMONG THE BREAKERS. The state-ship set sail, with a westerly gale, And her crew a strange motley pack, Her chiefs, who were three, and had ne'er seen the sea, Were Forster, and Eagar, and Black. The fourth was Saul Sam, a regular sham, For if he of the gold got his whack, He'd leave the whole crew, to be told what to do, By Forster, and Eagar, and Black. But a true Robert Peel, took hold of the wheel, Whose horrible outlandish clack, Was melody sweet, quite a musical treat, To Forster, and Eagar, and Black. The chaplain, D.D., just their man to a T, Who on democrats all turn'd his back, Because, forsooth he, own'd one of the three, Not Forster, nor Eagar, but Black. They had squatters a score, or a great many more, And many a government hack, Looking out for the post, where the pay was the most, Under Forster, and Eagar, and Black. Out at sea what a mess, I'll leave you to guess, Requiting the aid of their quack, Who for very good fee, drugg'd with sugar and tea, Poor Forster, and Eager, and Black. Oh, dear! it was fun, to hear their tongues run, As their physic they took with a smack, While they curs'd the whole crew, and all ministers too; Did Forster, and Eager, and Black. "I'm now fairly caught, it's not what I thought, I assure you I wish I were back, 'Tis no joke to be here, I feel so very queer," Said Forster to Eager and Black. "Never mind my brave lad, although it's so bad, To manage we'll soon find the knack, Let's stick to the post, till we give up the ghost," Cried Eager to Forster and Black. "Ah, that is our cry, we're not dead till we die, Or the siller we na' mon shall tak', That's why I'd haud fast, and stick to the last," To Forster and Eagar said Black. Among dangerous shoals, where the high breaker rolls, They endeavour'd to find out their track, But, oh! it was sad, it was terribly bad, For Forster, and Eagar, and Black. On many a rock, and imagine the shock, They came with a horrible crack, Calling forth many groans, and near breaking the bones Of Forster, and Eagar, and Black. They shifted their sail to the changing gale, And put upon every track, And every strange rag, was haul'd up as the flag Of Forster, and Eagar, and Black. The evening near, aroused all their fear, And fast held the chiefs on the rack, "Whate'er shall we do--don't it look very blue?" Said Forster to Eagar and Black. Their course was soon o'er, on the Upper House shore, Where of shoals there's by no means a lack, There toss'd on the sea, with the breakers to lee, Were Forster, and Eagar, and Black. The danger so near, their supporters most dear, Soon gave the three chiefs the sack, And while still afloat, they escaped in the boat, From Forster, and Eager, and Black. The chaplain drew near, and he trembled with fear, He had put his head in a sack, And he rob'd in his gown, prepared to go down With Forster, and Eager, and Black. And, "ah me," he cried, "how humbled my pride, I confess I am thrown all aback, I had thought it so nice, when I managed to splice, With Forster and Eagar, my Black. My affairs in the state would be ordered first- rate By joining this comical pack, But as I am a sinner, I'm done like a dinner, With Forster, and Eager, and Black." One rush'd in with a curse, 'twas little Bill's nurse, Who had given him many a smack, And who'd led by the nose, as all the world knows, Messrs. Forster, and Eager, and Black. He had just come to say, he'd get out of the way, And go on a different tack, Then with motherly grace, did the old dame embrace Poor Forster, and Eager, and Black. All have clear'd from the deck, expecting a wreck, Both squatter and government hack, But true to the last, clinging hard to the mast, Stood Forster, and Eagar, and Black. The vessel to save, some sailors most brave, Tied them up in a canvas sack, And with plenty of glee, threw into the sea Messrs. Forster, and Eagar, and Black. Then they rush'd to the shore, and in triumph they bore Their well-belov'd Cowper safe back, And never, they swore, would they hear any more Of Forster, or Eagar, or Black. 