THE CONFESSION OF ST.' PATRIOK. Translated from the Original Latin, (as contained in an Ancient Manuscript over 1,000 years old,) by Archdeacon Hamilton, Parish Priest of St. Michan's, Dublin. (Conducted from our last.) Chapter III. . The calling of St. Patrick into Irelnnrl— Several contradictions— After a second captivity, by means of an inward voice, in a Vision at night, he is invited into Ireland— He triumphs over all the temptations, anxieties, contradictions, and inju ries, that were presented before him^ — He pardons those who were the cause of them, and gives thanks to God, who made himself manifest to him. ' After a few years, I was again made captive by the Gentiles, and lemained with them only for one night. I received an answer from God, intimating to me, 'For the space of two months you shall abide with them,' and so it came to pass; for on the sixtieth night, the Lord delivered me out of their hands. After a few years I came into Britain agair^ to visit my parents, who received me as their child, and earnestly besought me, after all the sufferings I had endured, no longer to separate myself from them. There I saw by night, in a vision, a man coming to me as if from Ireland, whose name was Victricius, and who brought a great number of letters, and gave one of them to me. The com mencement of the letter, as I read it, runs thus — ' The voice of the Irish ;' and whilst I. was reading the commencement of the letter, I imagined at the moment that I heard the voices of many, who were near the wood Focluti, which is beside the Western Ocean. After this manner they cried out, as if with one voice : ' Oh ! holy youth, we entreat you to come, and still to walk amongst us.' And I was exceedingly afflicted in my heart, and could read no more, but quickly awoke. Thanks be to God, that, after many?years, the Lord has vouchsafed to hear their earnest cry. And on another night — God knows, for I know not — I heard within me, 01 beside me, some persons singing in the spirit of the most beautiful words-, and I knew not who they were, nor could I understand what I heard, until, at the end of the prayer, they thus spoke : (n) ' He who gave his life for you.' And again I awoke, and again I heard one praying within me, and it was within my inward man, and prayed fervently, with groaning. In the mean time I was stupified, and wondered and considered who this could be who was praying within me. But at the end of bis prayer he said he was a spirit ; and 1 remembered the word of the Apostle, saying, (6) ' The spirit helpeth tbe weakness of our prayer. For what we ought to pray for, we know not, but the spirit him self asketh for us,' with unspeakable groanings, which I cannot express in words. And again, ' The Lord is our advocate, and he asks form.' And when I was tempted by some of my elders, who came to me on account of my sins, to urge me against my laborious episcopacy ; and I was violently tempted on that day, so that I might have fallen then, and for ever. But the Lord had mercy on his stranger convert for his name's sake, and favorably came to my aid in this tabulation, so that I escaped from the same without blame, and without reproach, I beseech the Lord that he lay not the occasion of this sin to their charge ; for after the space of thirty years, they discovered against me that word, which I confessed before I was ordained deacon, on account of the anxiety of my sorrowing mind, I confessed to my dearest friend what I had done one day in my boyhood, nay, in one hour — for as yet I had no un derstanding — I know not, God knows it, if I was then fifteen years of age, though I did not believe in one God from my infancy ; but remained in death and unbelief; until I was severely punished, and,verily,I was humbled by hunger and nakedness, and daily proceeded, though not willingly, towards Ireland, until I nearly fainted away ; but all this turned out well for me,(o) because I was hereby amended by the Lord ; and He so fitted me, that to-day I became what formerly I thought I never should be, so that I had a concern and a zeal foi the salvation of others when I had none for my own. Wherefore, upon the day in which I was reproved by my above mentioned censors, I saw that night, in a vision before my face, a writing that was without honor, and' in the mean time I heard an answer from the Lord, saying to me: 'We have imperfectly seen the face of him who was marked out to us, and who.Fc name was discovered.' Nor did he say, ' You have imperfectly seen,' but, ' We have imperfectly seen,' as if he there joined himself to another; like when he said,(-?) ' He who touches you, touches the apple of my eye.' Wherefore, I give thanks to Him wbo has comforted me in all things, so as not to interfere with the journey I had resolved' upon,'nbr with my purpose, which I had learned from my Lord ; but rather, I felt within me an uncommon strength, and my faith was approved before God and men; whence I boldly assert, that my conscience offers me no reproach. I havo God for my witness that I have spoken the-truth in those things I related; but I grieved the more for my friend, to whom I trusted my soul, that we should have deserved to hear suoh an answer ; and I found out from some of my brethren, before such prohibition, that I was not there, nor was I in Britain, nor was I tho occasion that he, in my absenee, should have defended me; for he said with his own lips, ' You are to be raised to the dignity of the episcopacy, of which I was not worthy.' But how came it afterwards, that in the presence of all, both good and bad, he should publicly accuse me of that which formerly and freely he had joyfully indulged me with ? ' But the Lord is greater than all. I say enough; but, however, I ought not to conceal the gift of God, which he beBtDwed on me in the land of my captivity, because at that time I earnestly sought him, and found him, and he preserved me from all my iniquities, because of liie spirit that dwelleth in me (i;,) who is worked within me even to the present day ; for the Lord well knew that if (o) Ecclus. xxxix. 19. (b) Rom. viii. 26. * (c) Rom; Viii. 28. (rf) 6 Zach. ii. 8. ' (c) Rom. viii. 11. , ? . ; . I heard these things from man, I would, perhaps, have1 concealed them, on account of the charity 0} Christ. Therefore, I give unceasing thanks to ray God, who preserved me faithful in the day of temptation., so that daily, with confidence, ? I offer sacrifice to him, and consecrate my soul a living victim to my Lord, who preserved me in all my trials ; so that I can say to him, ' Whq am I, O Lord, or what is my dessert, that you should have showered such graces on me?' This day will I extol and mag nify thy name, where, ever I may be, and this, not only in prosperity but adversity ; so that whatever may hefal me, whether good or evil, I shall endure it with equanimity, always giving thanks to God who gave me the gracp-to believe him faithful without measure; 'so ^hat I, in these latter days, should now dare to attempt this pious and wonder ful work, and to intimate those whom our Lord had formerly foretold, would become the preachers of his Gospel, fora testimony to all nations, before the consummation of the world ; which as we have seen it, so it came to pass ; for behold we are witnesses to the preaching of his Gospel in those places where no one farther off existed. Chapter IV. Fruits of the Apostleship of Patrick— He praises God, who preserved him from Sid, and furnished with the grace of Preaching, and with a zeal for propagating his Gospel, and bringing Nations into the Church, according to the precept of. our Lord, and the testimony of the Prophets, and this with so much fruit, tha,t mapy .holy, Men and Women should vie with each other in their ardor for evangelical perfection-VHei maintains he cannot, on any account, relinquish the good work he had begun, although he acknowledges his own imperfections. ' It would be a tedious matter to give a narrative wholly or in part, of all my'labors. Briefly let me say how the God of piety often rescued me from slavery, and from the many dangers wherein my sonl was perilled, besides many snares, which I cannot express in words, lest I should fatigue my readers. But I have God for my author, who knows all things before' they happen, and who often admonished me, a poor wretched creature, by his divine revelations. Where have I acquired that wisdom, which was not in me, who knew Jioteven God, nor the number of my days? /Vgain, whence have I obtained that wonderful and saving gift of God — to know him and to love him— so that I should renounce my country and my\ parents, and the several offerings that were presented to me with weeping and Kith tears ? And there I went against the wishes of many of my elders'; but, by the grace of God, I by no means consented nor acquiesced in their desires. I resisted them all — not I, but the grace of God, which triumphed in me, until I came to the Trish nation to preach the Gospel and to endure reproach from unbelievers. NI heard them upbraid me as a stranger, and I suffered many persecutions, even unto chains; and yet I gave myself up without Teserve for their advantage. And, if I was held worthy, I am ready, immediately and cheerfully, to lay down my life for his name's sake; and I desire to sacrifice myself, even unto death, if the Lord should demand it; for I am a great debtor to God, who gave me so great a grace, that many people should be born unto the Lord through me, and be after wards perfected, so that clergymen should every where receive ordination, to serve a people wbo lately embraced the faith — a people whom the Lord had called to himself from the extremities of the earth, and to say, ' Our fathers adore false gods, and thero is no benefit frotrijthe.n.' And again, 'I have set thee for a light tjt- the Gentiles, that thou'mayest become my salvation, even to the boundaries of the earth.' AnS there I will expect his promise, who never deceives, as' in the Gospel he has pledged himself(a)—' They will come from the east and from the west, and shall sit d,own with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob,' as we believe. They will come from every part of the world, wherefore we must fish diligently and carefully, as the Lord recommended, saying(J) ; ' Come after me, and I will make you fishers of men.' And again, by the Prophet(c), 'Behold I send you many fishers and hunters, saith the Lord.'f Hence we must cast our nets, so that a large and copious multitude be taken for God ; so that every, where there would be clergymen who would baptize so great and so zealous a people, as the Lord admo. nishes and teaches(rf) — ' Go ye, therefore, and teach an nations, uarnizing mem in me name ot tne Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And behold I am with you a\\\ days, even to the consummation of the world.' And again, he says, (e), ' Go ye to the whole world, and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized will be saved.' And preach this Gospel of the kingdom in the whole world, for a testimony to all nations, and then the consummation shall come.' And again the Lord, foretelling by his Prophetf/), says, ' And it shall come to pass in these latter days, saith the Lord I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your old men shall dream dreams. And indeed, upon my servants and handmaids, in those days, I will pour out my spirit, and they shall prophesy.' And Osee says(g), '' I will call those my people who are not my people, and those who have not obtained mercy, as those who have. And in the place where it is said, you are not my people, there shall they be called the sons of the living God.' And now, with regard to the Irish, who had no knowledge of God, and who never worshipped any other but unclean idols, behold how they have lately become the people of the Lord, and are called the sons of God the sons of the Scots, and the daughters of their kings, seem-to become the monks and.the virgins of Christ ; nay, even one Scotia, a blessed noble and beautiful young woman, was baptized by me, and after a few days addressed herself to me, and intimated she had received a warning from God's messenger, who advised her to remain a virgin of Christ, and thus draw nigh to God. Thanks be to God, in six days afterwards she gladly and cheerfully laid bold of that grace, of which all virgins of God are alike partakers, but not, indeed, according to the wishes of their parents; yea, rather from them do they suffer reproaches and persecutions unjustly, and, nevertheless:, their number daily increases, so that we cannot keep an account of those of our nation who belong to Christ, not to speak of those who remain widows and unmarried. But even they labour much who are confined in service, and who endure all things patiently, with threats and terrors. But the Lord gave many of his handmaidens this great grace for, notwithstanding, tbe prohibition, they still courageously imitate the example. Now I have the power, if I choo-e, to leave them, and to proceed into Britain. Although I- should most willingly go, as to my country and my parents, and not only so, but I should visit my brethren even in Gaul, and see my acquaintances who are saints in the Lord. Now, the Lord is my witness that all (o) Matt. viii. 11. Matt. iv. 19. (c)Jer. xvi. 16. 1 ,(d) Matt. xjcvii!. 19. (e) Mark, xvi. 14. . (0 Joel,' ii. 28. (g) Oaee, ii. 23, 24. this I did very much desire; but, bound in spirit* there was one who announced to me, that if I dhould do this I should become;guUty in His sight. So I feared to frustrate the labor I have commenced — not I, hut the Lord, who commanded me to come and to ' stay with them for the remainder of my days, if the j Lord should preserve me from all sin and evil in His sight. Now-all this I should hope for ; but I trust not in myself, so long as I remain, in this body of deatb. For he is powerful who is daily struggling to withdraw me from my purpose, and from my chaste desires of unfeigned religion, which purpose I will preserve to the end of ray life, in Christ my Lord. But the flesh, always hostile, would bring me to death, that is, to enjoyments that are not to be tasted, but with tbe loss of eternal happiness. But I partly know that I have not studied eternal life like other believers ; but I confess before my Lord — and I do not blush in His sight to proclaim the ii uiu— viiai iiuiu lite 11111c 1. miiciy nun 111 tuy ^uutu, his fear and love have been, up to the present time, increasing within me ; arid, by his grace, I will still continue to preserve the faith. ? Chapter V. He testifies with what sincerity he has preached the Gospel. — He enters immediately on the Apostolic work, and a little moved by the reproaches of others, he protests, howevpr, his sincerity amongst the Gentiles and his contempt of their gifts, nay, his gratuitous administration of the Sacraments, and not without uncalled-for loss and liberal ex penditure of his own property ; desiring rather to be poor, after the: example of Christ,- for whom ? he is-anxious to suffer anything, even martyr dom itself, being assured of the glory which is laid up for him for rucIi a sacrifice. — A repititlon of the Confession of St. Patrick. 'Tn spite of the derision and insolence of all who choose, I will not hold my peace, nor will I conceal tbe signs and wonders which have been shown to me by the' Lord for many years before they hap pened, as by one who foreknew all things from the times (A) of the'world ; wherefore, I ought unceas ingly give thanks to God, who has so often indulged my foolishness and my negligence ? And though I was appointed the coadjutor of the Lord, he was not angry with me for having withheld my consent, according as it was shown to me by tbe Spirit who suggested these things. And the Lord took compassion on me on account of many thou sands, because he saw that my heart was ready ; but I was wholly ignorant of my condition what to do, because many were opposed to this mission ; and some amongst them exclaimed and oried out behind my back : ' Why does this man obtrude himself into danger amongst enemies who know not the Lord ?' not, indeed, through malice, but because they did not relish this expedition of mine, on ac count of my simplicity, as I can well testify. And I did not immediately acknowledge the grace that was in me ; but now, as I ought, it is delightful for me to obey the voice of God. I now simply inti mate to my brethren and fellow-labourers, who be lieved in me, why I have preached, and why I still preach, to confirm their faith. Would toGod that you would imitate me in holier things, and do them more wisely. Such will be my glory, for the wisdom of the Son is the glory of the Father.(a) God knows, and jou also know, how I have con ducted myself from my youth(i) whilst among you in faith, and truth, and sincerity of heart, even towards that people among whom I dwell. I have brought, and I will bring them to the faith. God is my witness that I circumvented no man ; nor, on account of God and his Church, do I intend it, lest I should bring persecution upon them and every one of you, and lest through me the name of God should be blasphemed ; because it is .written, ' Wo be to that man by whom the name of Gad should be blasphemed.' For, though I arri foolish' in all tilings, I have nevertheless endeavoured to preserve myself even for my Christian brethren, and for the Christian virgins, and for those holy women who gave me their voluntary offerings, and laid down their ornaments on the altar ; and I leturned them back again tn them, and they were scandalized at me because I did so. But I did so for the hope of immortality, that in in all things I might act with caution, so that on no account the unbelievers should reproach me, or even in the least degree up braid the service of my ministry, no* in the smallest circumstance should afford these unbelievers an op portunity to calumniate or decry me.. Now, perhaps, when I baptized so many thousand men, have I expected from any of them even the half of a far thing? Tell me so, and I will restore it back to them. Or, when the Lord had everywhere ordained clergymen by my ministry, did I not gratuitously dispense my services amongst them. Again, if I demanded from any of them even the value of a shoe, tell me so, and I will restore it back again to them. I spent myself, that they might comprehend me ; and ? everywhere among you I advanced for your sakes, in many dangers, into distant regions, where nobody 'before had ever come, tu baptize them, or ordain them, or confirm their people in the faith. Now, all these things I did, by the grace of God, diligently and cheerfully for your salvation. In the mean time I was giving rewards to their kings and to their children, who remained along with me ; and nevertheless they seized me, and in that day they sought most anxiously to kill me — but my hour was not yet come — and they laid hold of myself and all my property, and bound me in chains ; and on the fourteenth day the Lord re leased me from their power, and everything belong, ing to me was restored back again to me, for the sake of God and my friends whom I had provided, ' Now you have experienced how much I bestowed amongst those who were in distress in every district ; how frequently I visited them. I am of opinion that I have distributed amongst these men, not less in amount than in value, so that you may enjoy me, and I always enjoy' you, in the Lord ; for I am not sorry, nor does it satisfy me, as yet to spend and overspend myself for your souls. Behold, I call God to witness in my soul that I lie not, and that I do not write to you for avarice sake, or through flattery, or that I should enjoy your good esteem ; for I am satisfied with tbe esteem which is not seen, but is believed in the heart. Now, he is faithful who has promised, and never deoeives. But I perceive that in this present world I am exalted beyond measure by the Lord, fur I did not desire, nor was I worthy, that the Lord should confer such favors on me, for I know most certainly that poverty and calamity are far more suitable to me than riches and pleasures. But Christ the Lord became poor for our Bakes. ' But [, miserable and wretched, am possessed of no riches, though I desire them ; but I daily expect either death, or treason, or Blavery ; or some such misfortune. But I fear none of those tilings, on account of God's heavenly promises ; ftfr I have thrown myself into the hands of the Almighty, who everywhere reigns, as the Prophet says, (a) ' Cast all your thoughts upon the Lord, aud he will com fort you. ? : Behold I now commend my soul -to my most faithful God, whose ambassador 'I am, though un worthy ; but he regards not the person, but Las (A) 2 Tim. i. 9. , -v (a) Rom. xi..-3'G. ?;' (n)' l'Kings, xii. 12. (i) Prov. x. 1. ! chosen me for his ministry, and. has appointed me, .a one of the least of his servant!, to discharge it. But c what shall I say, or what.shall I promise, to the f Lnrd, who have nothing but what ha»'been given to; 1 me? But he who.seaicheth both the reim and the \ heart, will understand how ardently I desire, and Uow ready I am, to drink of his chalice, as already he has favoured so- many others, who love him. Therefore I pray that my Lord may never Buffer me to lose these people, whom he has purchased from the extremities of the earth. I now. pray the Lord will grant me the grace of per severance, and that he would vouchsafe to make me his faithful witness, until the hour of. my death, which F will endute for my God. And if by imitation, I have done any good for Him whom I love, I piay Him to give me the grace to shed my blood for these converts and captives of His ; and all .this I ask, even though I should be deprived of Christian burial, and even .though my wretched carcass should be torn in pieces, or should be thrown out to be devoured by. the birds of the air, or the beasts of the field. For I am certain, if this should befal me, that by the loss of my body I should save my soul ; for, without doubt, we shall rise again on the last day, icsplendent as the sun, in the glory of Jesus Christ, by whom we have been redeemed, and , made co-heirs, like the Son of God, being made conformable to the creature of his image ; ' for by Him, and in Him, and through Him, are all things. To Him be glory for ever and for ever. Amen.' (c) For with Him we shallreigri for ever. ?That sun which, we behold, rises daily by His order for our sakes. It will not last for ever,' and' its spleniour shall be dimmed, and all who adore it Ehall perish unceasingly for all eternity. But we believe and adore Jesus Christ, the true Siiri of Justice, who never shall go down, and he who does His will shall not perish, but shall remain for ever and for ever: who reigns eternally with the Father and the Holy Ghost, before all ages, and now and for ever. — Amen. . ' Behold, again, I briefly repeat the words of ray confession, and I bear witness, in truth and joy, be fore Gad and his holy angels, that I had no induce ment, but the promises of God and his .Gospel, to return back to that people from whom I had es caped. And now I pray all those who believe and seek, and fear the Lord! and who will be pleased- to receive, and to read this manuscript, which I, Patriok, though an unlearned sinner, have, written in Ireland ; I pray all such not to ascribe to ray ig norance that I have done anything, however tri fling, or that I have pointed out anything; but in conformity with the designs' of God. Consider these things, nnd most certainly believe, that All in the work of God. And this is my Confession before I shall die.' 