I THE ENGLISH RING. " ~\ FIGHT BETWEEN JEM MACE OF NORWICH' AND. BOB BRETTLE OP BIRMINGHAM,; FOR £400. : Tho second match between theso mon wns commenced on Wednesday, Sopt. 10th, near tho Wallingford Road Station, on tho Great Western Railway. Both mon were in good condition, and Brcttlo was tho favourite at 2 to 1. It was near ll whon Brcttlo cntorod tho ring, accom- panied by Jem Hodgkiss and un. amateur, wliilo johnny Walker and an Knst Ender, did tho amiable for .Mnce. All being in readiness, tho signal was given to commence. THE ÏTG-HT. . Round 1. On facing ono another tho contrast between tho men was very great. Maco stood considerably over Bob, and had nil tho look of an athlete of tho fli-st-cluss. His woU-kuit limbs, squaro shoulders, and snako-liko head wore models of what a professional boxer should Ïlogeas, and on this occasion, instead of tho timorous ook we haye boforetimcs noticed, ho had a pleasant smile ton his ningi although there w-as a dangerous glauco in his goggles, which betokoiiod mischief. Ho wont to tho scratch .lit u bold, fearless stylo, which indicated tho utmost con "iflflence, a confidence which wo doubt not was very, con- siderably enhanced by tho "jollying" of his hy no means aristocratic friends. Bob, who seemed to us somewhat slow, und was, wo thought, more round shouldered than over, walked in his usual quiet, unpretending way to tho mid dio of tho ring, but with an unmistakable, solf-satisficd grin on his fiood-tempored mug, which showed that boat any rato had no fears asíto the result. Just before bb left his corner wo Këard'his second whisper a hint to him to go at once to clósó quarters and force tho fighting-a ?piceo of advice wlueh ho was not slow to follow. With tgw^crab-liko, side-way movement, ho dodged round his paàri^çn'd tried to lead oil", but was neatly Btoppcd, and, |ipj!í;^untcrbahince, warded ofl'a very pretty return on fliopart of Jem. Ile was not to bo stalled off, but tried it again, but open bunded, when .Tem countered him beautifully on tho very point of his proboscis, from which tho carmino w'us instantly perceptible Cjtrst blood for Muco, amidst tho vociferous cheers of his pals.) This snorter brought tho mon to closo qunrtcrs, and somo rattling ding-dong exchanges took piuco, nil in favour of Mace, who f'ougiit coolly aud cloverly with both mawleys, while Bob, ou the contrary, in his eagerness, wns too wild to do execution. At length Brettlo got close in, and both rolled over, Mace under. 2\. On coming up, Bob's mug boro very viaiblo proofs of Jem's handiwork ; his beak was swollen, and lils kisser also distilling tho ruby, while Jem had a seurccly pveccpt ablo murk under his left eye. Aguin did Bob try to make a dash in thu hope of dismaying his opponent, but Master Mace had evidently gained additional confidence by Iiis prowess in tho lust round. As Bob cunio he nailed him very heavily again on tho nozzle, producing moro of tho aqua vita, mid Hob got homo a rib bonder with the right. Henvy counter-hits followed, all in favour of Maco, who again drow n cork from Bob's whistler, napping ii little ono on tho brow in return, and Bob fell laughing. 3\. Bob's countenance boro still stronger marks of Jem's art as a portrait painter, while tho lntlor was scntholoss, and seemed as jolly us a sandboy. Bob lost no timo in going to it, but wus mot, as before, with oifect, Maco dolivuring both daddies with consummate judgment on tho peeper und nose, indicting ii cut under tho former j ho received a right-hnndcr on tho jaw mid then ono on tho brow, which however, loft no mark, and in gotting away, fell. 4\. Bob on coming up was slower and moro cautious than in tho last round, und waited for his man. Mace was not long in coming, and Bob thou let fly his left, on tho conk, producing tho ruby, Jeni looked rather sorious and tho Bruins becoming more cheori'ul, assured Bob that now was Iiis time, and that Join would not stand another. Bob accordingly tried it aguin, but was very short and slow, and Maco countered him with grout force on tho mouth, and thou made his right on tho snuffbox with ex- traordinary quickness and force. Brctllo bored in, when Jem closed and throw him very heavily, falling on him. [[Renewed cheering for Mace, who was now on tho best possiblo terms with himself, and looked us proud us a carpenter's dog-3 5\. Brettlo was much shaken by tho blows and tho heavy fall in the Inst round, und wus vory slow to time. Muco awaited hun in tho middle of the ring, and no sooner did they join issue than ho set to work loft und right, ns straight ns on arrow, on tho brow and nose, getting quickly out of harm's way, und then going at it nguiu. The punishment ho dealt out was extraordinary, and tho severity of his hitting not only bothered Brettle, but astonished his own friends. Erory hit seemed to leave its mark, whilo tho returns of Brettlo were extremely slow and inoll'cctivo. In tho end, Bbb feU, and with him fell thu count enances of his supporters in tho most un- mistakable way. 6\. Bob had a mouso under each eye, and it was ovidont that ono or two moro must close his left peeper completely. His noso and mouth, tooj woro fast losing their perpen- dicularity, tho former organ, which was formerly of the Bonian order, fast resolving itself iuto a construction of tho modorn Milesian stj'le. . Ho got ' up tho ghost of n smilo, and clashed iii, when Mace, who awaited, him with calmness, caught him ono, two, on tho dial. Bob perse- vered and got slightly on tho body, but had no power to stop tho onslaughts of thc Norwich man, who performed upon him, even at thc closest quarters with.extraordinary sang froid, and finally caught him a very hot ono on the nasomcter with his left, which dropped Bob on his knees, in:rather a shaky condition. Just as time wns called for tho 7th round, tho blues, who hud pursued tho combatants from Didcot, made their unwelcome.nppearuncc, and ii suspension of hostilities was found necessary nt tho ex- piration of twelve minutes,-and nt a Hmo When Maro lind got his mau so well in hund that thei-o is little doubt another ten minutes (ten precious minutes which ho bad himself wnstod at the connnoncomont) must in all pro- bability must havo rendored him a victor, and thus saved nil tho futiguo and anxiety of a journey on tho following day. It being found impossiblo to continue tho fight on the same day, tho Referee ordered tho men to meet him noxt morning, and accompany him to a place of his own choosing j and accordingly öfter n plensnnt trip, partly by rail and partly by water, wo found ourselves on n spot never before visited by tho fancy. Any odds woro offered on Mace, but tho " Bruins" scorned to think tho gamo was up, and not a bet was made. 