%\t êmpxt. SYDNE Y, WEDNESDAY, APRIL XL I860. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday the chair was taken by the Speaker at half-past 8 o'cloek. In answer lo questions it was stated by Ministers that it was not the intention of the Government to undertake a revision of the tariff during the present session ;-that over- tures had been made by this Government and by that of Queensland, having reference to the common debt, but that no definitive arrange- ment bad been arrived at ;-that Government were aware of the agricultural capabilities of the land in the .vicinity of Casino, Lismore, Codrington, Wyangra, and Fairy Mount, Rich- mond River, and that farming allotments would be laid out in those localities j-that the peddock-fence surrounding Casino was un- authorised;-that commons had been or would be reserved for the benefit of the townships at Bichmond River ;-that it is not intended to proclaim polling places at stations in the interior ;-that tenders will be invited for the construction of the bridge from Pyrmont to Glebe Island;-and that it is intended to open a telegraph,.office at Hartley. " V Mr. DARVALL presented a petition from certain inhabitants'bf New England, praying that the House will afford an opportunity to Mr. Cheese * borough, the Beturning-ofñcer of that electoral district, for refuting the slanders against him. .. The SPEAKEB read a letter from Mr. Jones, resigning his seat in the Assembly. Various petitions were ordered, on the motion of the"members who presented them, to be printed, and several notices of motion given. Mr. BROUGHTON gave notice of a motion for leave to introduce a Bill tb legalise certain municipal élections in the' city of Sydney, and to make provision for the same in future. Mr. WINDEYER moved for a return of all applications for orders in bastardy at tho police offices in Sydney, since the 1st January, 1856, specifying the names of. such parties as had ; made more than one application. . 'Mr. CAPE moved for a return in reference to ' Boards of Inquiry appointed since the estab- lishment of Responsible Government. After \----cr -a-t._/» - *- *l-c_thx\\_lv>£niyp at in ri , citing the return, was agreed to. , Mr. PLUNKETT asked leave to introduce a Bill to enable the Municipal Council of Sydney to substitute a moro convenient site for the Town-hall than the present. The SPEAKER was of opinion that the Bill ought to have been brought in as a private Bill. The motion was therefore withdrawn. Mr. LUCAS asked leave to introduce à Bill to Regulate Chinese Immigration. It being ob- jected that it was not competent to a member of the House not connected with the Ministry, to ¡ introduce a Bill containing taxing provisions, Mr. Lucas consented, in obedience to the ruling of the Speaker, to withdraw the Bill. On the motion of Mr. PASEES, cer- tain petitions respecting the practice of letting the Fitz Boy Graving Dock, at Cockatoo Island, were referred to a select committee which, at the instance of Mr. Hos '? KINS, was chosen by ballot. ; Mr. MABTIN called in question the propriety . of the Speaker's ruling in reference to the with ; drawal of Mr. Lucas's Bill, for imposing a tax upon Chinese immigrants. He contended that ! it was in the power of any member to introduce a Bill for the imposition of any tax. Whereupon Mr. LUCAS gave notice of his in- tention to ask leave again to introduce the Bill tb regulate Chinese Immigration on Friday next. Mr. CAPE put a series of questions in refer- ence to prison discipline and the gaols of the colony, some of.which the Minister of Works was not in a position to answer. Government had no objection to lay upon the table the re- port of the Board of Inquiry into the affairs of Parramatta Gaol. The City Council Debenture Bill was read a second time. The House then went into committee, and after several divisions, agreed to a vote in aid of National and Denominational Education of the sum of £10,000 or £5000 to each system. The Necropolis Act Extension Bill was post- poned. _ The Mount Keira Tramroad Bill, after some discussion, was also postponed. The Wesley College Bill was amended by the omission of the clause regarding the Uni- versity Lectures on ethics, metaphysics, and modern history, and passed through committee. The second reading of the Freight and Charges Bill, and the second reading of the Law of Primogeniture Abolition Bill, were post- poned to this day week. The second reading of the Public Ferries Law Amendment Bill, was postponed to this day fortnight. The House adjourned at five minutes past ll o'clock, to 3 o'clock to-morrow (this day.) TUE demoralising and debasing effects of pas- toral employment upon the families engaged in it are inseparably connected with the essential conditions of the subsisting system. The squat- ting stations are necessarily BO far apart a3 to isolate the individuals manually employed at each of thom from all the rest. In respect ^o the husbandry of sheep this is especially the case, and as regards the herding, of horned cattle or horses, the larger intercourse Hoc I cisiona only tends , to develop the hardier fea tares of a barbarous character. But under any ' circumstances, pastoral occupation conducted I under its present conditions, excludes the rising generation in its service from the in- fluences of religion, of education, and decent society. It is true, that considering the pri- vations they are subject to, the native youth in the bush sometimes exhibit a mental vigour and polish that excite surprise ; yet, it is neverthe- less true, that' these qualities are found in com- bination with sentiments and habits which indi- cate^ defective moral training, and may render them eventually more dangerous than orna- mental to society. Reasoning only from what they see, and irreverently disposed to carry out that reasoning to its consequences, and to bend, if possible, those consequences in their own favour, what can be expected from lads who nave witnessed the dishonest appropriation of cattle m the branding-yard from their earliest years? Knowing the mothers of every calf or foal they brand, and the right owners of the same, and laughing ia their sleeves at the pretended ignorance of the overseer or em- ployer, what wonder if they should deem it right and expedient to do a little business of the same kind on their own account?. And they do sd without scruple or remorse, and with little fear of detection. Hence the nuggettin g at stock-stations, rumours pf which sometimes disturb the serene atmosphere of our courts of justice; hence the hiring for. small wages by a clever horseman at a good run, who finds himself amply lecompensed, as the phrase goes, by " what comes in." But the system is only in embryo as yet-its development awaits the growth of another generation, who will convert sufferance into a right as their employers have attempted to do, or be driven by the failure of their endeavours into a banditti organisation. The agitation on the land question scarcely reaches them as a poli- tical movement, yet the ideas which lie at the bottom of that agitation give a colour to their every thought and action. Those acquainted with the inner life of the humbler retidents in the bush will recognise the truth of this state- ment. To ' a certain extent the squatters are not so much to blame for this state of things as the system itself. It would be morally impossible for them to furnish the means of secular or religious instruction to the people in their em- ployment. {Itinerant teachers and doubtful teaching are alone anywise possible, and there is.a lack of any kind of instruments and of any adequate pecuniary means to afford these. The rite of baptism or of marriage may occasionally be brought home to their stations but more . frequently sought for at a distance, but the rite of Christian burial must in all cases be dispensed with. Â coroner's inquest under circumstances of grave suspicion is seldom held-indeed, so seldom, that superstition has peopled the wil- derness with ghosts of murdered men and women. Credulity and fear invest every case of sudden death with horrible accompaniments, and you hear the complaint on every hand that no more is thought of the life of a human being in the bush than that of a dog. We challenge contradiction to the statement, and we ask whether a system which, in its inte- grity, produces fruits like these, can be main- tained on any pretence of vested interests? Mr. DABVALL may think or say it ought, but his opinion has more to do with law than morals. .. ;i But the squatters should be held responsible . for much of the social mischief in question on their establishments. Acquitting them from '. all complicity in the ignorance and .irreligion tue pastoral '-systeuîj"> tui/ö*" «n3tHT&. fi! their power for the comfort and elevation ol ; their working-people, which they too generally neglect to perform. . It would be something ii they only cultivated friendly feelings with the persons in their employ-if from the kindness of their behaviour they gave rise to feelings of gratitude and personal attachment on the part of their dependent'. We regret to say, that with a few brilliant exceptions, the conduct of pro , prietors and their agents is anything but kind and conciliatory ; and what a want of common sense and good policy is evidenced thereby, the. least reflection upon the incidents of their situ- ation-the future incidents particularly-is suf- ficient to shew. Kindness, in their circum- stances, is the only cement of society. They may get on without it so long as a large sprink- ling of their labourers are embued with the im- ported habit and feeling of reverence and sub - ordination ;-they might dispense with kind- ness altogether if they were composed of Chinese;-but as before 'many years their menial servants will consist almost entirely of bush- reared men of Anglo-Saxon descent, their authority and even their safety will depend upon the personal attach- ment f their inferiors. Yet as things are, we witness , a thorough change of hands on some stations almost every two years. Seldom is there more, than one or two out of a dozen or a score of shearers in the. shearing season, who ever worked in the same shed before. On the side of the master there are, too often, open contempt and arrogance ; on that of the employed concealed envy, distrust, and malevo- lence. And then the miserable huts in which the men are lodged, the absence of décent appli- ances for cooking at most of the stations-the frying-pan on a block of wood in the corner being their only plate, and the black quart-pot on tho ground-floor their only drinking utensil -are scandalous. How can love and respect for their masters, or even respect for them I selves ;-how can decency and good order grow up under such circumstances ? Yet there are, as we said before, splendid exceptions. We have heard the names of persons, whom it would be : invidious to mention, uttered in connection with the fatherly care and kindness imputed to them with the most affectionate veneration by working men. We regret to add these models of employers were mostly resident at Port Phillip, or in that direction. What they did the conscience of every wealthy squatter will ' suggest, and we would add-" Go, and do thou ¡ likewise." ; Ir ever there was a man who had reason to pray to be saved from his friends it is Sir ALFRED STEPHEN. Nothing that his bitterest enemy could say or do could possibly damage his reputation to such an extent as the pertinacious and unseemly conduct of those who-overlook- j ing all precedent-all propriety- claim for him a largess from the public purse, which if granted, will be looked upon by nine-tenths of the colonists-by all in fact except a few perso- nal friends-as one of the grossest jobs ever perpetrated in the colony. We cannot think that Sir ALFRED STEPHEN himself, if he had been in the colony, would, have sanctioned the extraordinary step .which Mr. MARTÍN threatens to take this evening that of asking Parliament to reseind a deliberate vote, which had been arrived at after repeated discassions of the case-asking the representa- tives of the people in fact not only to stultify themselves, but to commit an act of the grossest extravagance and folly. The only reasons given for this modest request-the only rea sons which can be given-are-that Sir AUBED STEPHEN is not a rich man-that he has a large family, and that if the request is not complied with, he will not "return to the colony to resume hts judicial duties. The first two reasons could be urged with much greater force by hundreds of estima ble colonists, and the last, under the peculiar circumstances of the « »se, ought not to be listened to for a moment. We sincerely hope that those gentlemen who have hitherto opposed this claim, will not allow themselves to be warped by the backstairs and indirect influence which is being brought so extensively to bear on everyone who has a voice in the matter, and that those who have before voted for the grant- ing of the sum asked for, will see in a falling revenue, an empty exchequer, and an impudent attempt to make the House stultify itself, suffi- cient reasons, for now opposing it. 