ANOTHER FIGHT. [from Saturday's Examiner, Second Edition.] (Bv Electric Telegraph.) Hobart Town, This Day, 1 p. m. A fracas took place yesterday afternoon, be tween Sir Davies, proprietor of tho Mercury, and Mr B T C Yatw, laUi editor of the Daily News, in Murray street. From what wo can learn, Mr Davies entered Webb's shop, in which was Mr YatcK, in company with T G Grogson, I'-q , MBA, and M. Millor, l--q M II A. As soon us Mr Uivios onteroil th« th'p, Mr Yates struck him with a cane which broke, and Mr Davies rushed on his assailant, and sevoral blowswere struck, and in fistic parlance Mr Davies drew the claret from the must prominent feature of his nn taconiBt. Mr Grogson and Mr Miller then in terfered and prevented any furthor hostilities from taking ploco. Wo hoar th e cause of the assault was a ' notice to correspondents' which appeared in yesterday's Mercury. Mr. 0. Bell, Bhorllf.snbstltuto of Lanarkshire, has oonsented to deliver the Inaugural address on tho erect ion of the monument at Y.rrow to tho Ettrlck lard, onuio28tliof Jnno. Tats Mebuuby. — While* vro cannot but i'esl frrtitiiiod that our leading articles Bhould cause _ tho piofouud sonssliou thiy have. — we muut deeply rogrel that they should in thoir off.-cts cause injury, or annoyance, lo innoccut individuals. Thoroughly buaten in argument every assertion put forth by him lately, having been shattered to tho wiudu, irw Proprietoi of ihu Hubut Towu Mercury, and his respectabla ' tituli' have adopted a system of retaliation that ii utterly incmsistent with tho course which an honist journalist should adopt, and only proves tbo uoulirmed impurity of tho source whence it emanates. Clothed in linp uagu tho most ridiculously absurd, thu veracious bully scut forth eeverul articles, in «hich lie en deavoured to show that lhe colony was last going to destruction, through tho gradual decrease ol coin in tho Bank vaults. Wa put him right on this head by meani ot most uumirtulia al.ly clear, concise, «nd intelligible argument. In answer to our argument, how ever, with charnctoristic blackguardism, the Morcury replied by publishing a ' Notice to Correspondents,' in which he thanked nn im aginary Lauuci'stnn correspondent for furni^h ins him with Melbourne newspapers said lo con tain the report of a police oflice c«w, in which an individual cunnccttd with this office had figured. Adding that tho article upan tha ' Stato of thu Colony' was not written by the individual re ferred to, but that Ihe writer wss known and might be ' sternly rebuked.' Threats were nlso made as to tho publication of certain caustic te marfcn (never uttered) of SirValcntine Fleming. Subsequently there appeared in our columns two articles in reference to Mr Nairn whom the Morcury (save tho mark) had been holder ing up as the only fit and proper person, to neenpy the Presidential chair in the legisla tive Council. Finding tho arguments put forth by ufl, so thoroughly convincing that Mr Nairn had not the ghost of a chance for the seat into which the Mercury had been attempting to foist him ; und maddened by bittor and he»rt rending remembrances, recalled by Iho word 'Exeodtionbe' in ono of those articles, the pro nriutorof that naDor ' run a muck.' and with cowardly method in his madness, selecting one of the smallest men, he could find in Hobart Town, made a most libellous and gross attack upon him. The attack however was received and resented with interest, tho burly bully receiving at the hands ot the little gentleman, a castigation he will remember. We do not refer to this to retaliate npou thu Mercury for the course adopted to refute our arguments. It would dograde us (oo much to offer retaliation for wicked slanders, eucIi as thoie upon individuals, that have beon pnb lishod in the Mercury. Wo could retaliate without going to the Melbourne Police Office for our meaus ; a glance at the Record book of the Btighton Police Office having reference to the .doings of the successor and dear bosom friend of the most ' infamous Drink water,' would be sufficient for all purposes; or reference to tho Mercury for tho 'caustic remarks' of Judge Home upon the well known Conditional Pardon Cheque case. But we havo no decire to refer to these matters. Wu hope that any future !ead;ng ai tides that may appear in this Journal will not ojfain for individuals in Llo. bart Town, in no way connected with us, tho ruffianly assaults of the bully, who has already so Bignnlitcd himself, bnt who will not attempt it upon tho person responsible, having too vivid a recollection of tho narrow cscapo ho had from being kicked out of the parlour of the Laun ceston Hotel, (a number of gentlemen being present,) upon tho occasion of his return Ironi iMiilhoinue, where bo had been libelling A is brief actor : a malicious libel he subsequently found it necessary to contradict. Wo trust we shall not again have occasion to refer to the Mercmy— its stuff— or proprietor, as wo havo had, must unwillingly, to-day. The Indian and Australian Telegraph'. — Tho anxiulios which will ?'« begotten at home liv Mr Wilrori's measures ought to made our Indian councillors especially grateful for the Indian telegraph, which has already brought us within throe days and a hilt of India. 1 can answer for it that a fiiend of my own has received a milage from Kurrachec within that time, — all of which, except about six hours, was spent in the conveyance of the messago from Alexandria to Smyrna. The only break in tho telegraphic chain is between Kandia and Alexandria, a length of not much more than 330 miles Messrs New- nil, who have undertaken tho laying down of Iho cable over this space, and have failed twice in the attempt, mmt wait foi tho summer to make tho third trial — which ought to bo a successful ono, if there bo any virtue still in Iho mvtlic number. Tho whole of this length is in vcrv doep water. But, this link, made up, tho chain ia comploto to tho capitals of all our presidencies, and I bolievo, to Rangoon. Fur the spjee. butcroun Rangoon end Singapore it is in contemplation to use the cable that had been prepared for our sea lino of telegraph between lh«e islands and Gibraltar— the Go vernment, I believe, hiving for tho present announced their intention of laying this lino themselves. From Singapore to bativia Ihe Dutch government, I Iwlieve, have under taken thu laying of tho cable, and tho short spaeo still intervening between the extremity of Java nnd Australian lines, aided by sub sidies from the Australian governments. If the oipoctalions of thoso most largely and actively interested in the enterprise are fulfilled, wo shall ere two yoars aro out havo almost literally fu.fillcd Puck's undertaking lo ' put a girdle round about the earth in foi ty minutes.' — London Correspondent. Novel Trip to Adelaide. — Two or three days ago, threo men arrived in Albury from Snowy River, on their way back to Adelaide. Net buing penniless, as many mon aro on re turning from ' now rushes,' they resolved to mako Adelai le by water from Albury. For that purpjBe, they purchased a bout, and hav ing laid in a considerable amount of pro visions, they startod on thoir novel jotirnoy of 1 400 miles, on Wednesday morning early. Wo wish them every succoss in their under taking.— Border Post. Mrs John C. Ileensn, tho wife of tho ' BenicU B-y,' has been playing sn engago ment at thu Bowery Theatre, New York, where her appoarance lias created an nntiftnl sensation. Though at presont captivating the Yankees as an actress, this is but one of tho many vocations Mrs lieenan has followed. Her life haa beon ono of exciting adventure. She has been at various times a dancer, a hunter, a singer, an oditor, an actress ; but if she possesses one talonl more prominently developed than tho re«t, it is, perhaps, a capability for captivaticn, marriago, and divorco Starting in life with the maiden cognomen of Campbell, she has since by various marriages acquired the names of M'A Kenears, Menkin, and Heanan. She speaks French, Spaniel), and English; can ride, hunt, shoot, dance, sing, and net ; has been taken prisoner by Indians ; haa learned tho art of war fiom General Barney ; while the Benicla Boy has put her np to tho manly oit of self-defence and the tactics of the riujT, previous to v.hich instruction she deed to settle- her littlo affairs in an off-hand amiable way with tho penuino horsewhip. Sho wni once, elected, or appoint ed to, or in somo way .tchloved. tho honourable title of ' captain' in some Western militia company, and in her starling : engagements in Peons, and other metropolitan cities of tho great West, sho has generally beon advertised as ?' Captain Adah Isaacs Meakin.' Since hrr alliance wilh the Juvenile of Bcnicia. the raili taiy prefix has been discarded. Mrs lioouan is also a poetess. Women and Angels.— Now the British feminioe theory is, that women are angels, This, howovor, must bo a loose way of talking j Tor, as tar as I am aware, it is difficult to bring an angel into Coiirt and institute a comparison. Certainly, as far as we know anything about the mntlcr, women have much the advantage. (Speaking an nn individud, I have no opiuioD of that combination of heads and wings which painters and seulptora have imagined as typical of tho angelic nature. It is an unsatisfactory sort of mixture at tho bBst ; aud at tho woist it would bo an awful idea to have tho partner of your toils, and thu sharer of your joys, buzzing tlniut yon in true Caudle mood, and liuntmiu^ her sweet reproaches into your over wrought Mr. I should always be afraid by day lest Mrs. Jones bhould settle on my noso, and at night i-ho might perhaps Bingo her dove like pinions iu the candle. Oue might , her in a cage, indeed ; but what a Bad thought if she wan to hurt her swoet noes against the bars ; (widen, what would Sir Cresawell say ?— Oncu a Wcok. The Volunteer Military Dril! In Bohools ? X cliarao tcrlbtic letter on tills subject has been n-rltlun by Sir Francis Ucad to Mr. lidwln Clradwlok:— 'No animal whatever, en four Imoron two, liowuvor ho may in Joy lire, can bo or any usu iu Uio workshop of man un til he has been fiofflclently r.lvesK-d or that portion (if his natur 1 Inheritance- commonly called 'an 111 of his own.' What's tho use of a coiv If she won't allow manor maiil to milk her; What's tho U'; of a horse If lie won't put his head Into a collar, or surTor a saddle to bo P'Vt on his back ? In llko manner, of what use to tho community Is a man, In any 'ank of life, if he refuses to practice tbo heraldic motto of tlic Prince of wales, ' Ich Dicn1— I sorvo— in short, if the fellow won't obuy ? As Mr. Rircy's principle Is equally applicable to a olicesemougor's horse as tn Lord Cardigan's charter, so Is mil.tary drill as udrantapoous lo boys of nil grades and professions as to tliolr brother soldiers. The dull sounding but muffle liltio words ot' command, Mlycs* rlijht.' 'Eyes left:1 'Eyes front.' 'Elflit turn! ' Left turn !' ' night about turn:* ' Left about turn :? 'Quick i^archl' 'Mali:1 'Stand at ease!' Atten tion '.?&-!, Instil Into the minds of a lot of little boys, the elements, not of war but of peace. Instead of making them ferocious, to usu Mr. Barcy's expression, tlicso words 'gentle* them, until, by learning to be sub servient, not to their own, but to the will of others, they become fit In every possible department to Eervo their country.' 