THE THEATRE. , The new season commenced on Monday evening, with tlie tragedy of " Hamlet"— with Mr Holt an Hamlet, Mr Stewart O'Brien as the Ghost, and Mrs Holt as Ophelia. The play was repeated. last evening... It'is due to Mr Holt to say that it was placed upou the stage' with very great care, and that the scenery and dresses were extremely creditable. It is needless to resort to minute criticism upon the performance. Tlie impression produced upon the audience was manifested by irequcnt applause, and there was du unusual expression of gratifi cation that' the season had been pleasantly inaugurated. This evening the drama of " Belpliegor " will bo pre sented. : The Gold Export. — The total quantity of gold exported during this year up to Saturday last is 1,828,771 ozs, or 76 tons 3 cwt 3 qr 22 lb 7 ozs troy, of the value, at £4 per ozs, of £7,315,084. ' Up to the cor responding date of last year, the shipments amounted to 9,020,586 ozs, or 84 tons 3 cwt 3 qr 71b 5 oz, of the value at tbe sauio rate, of £8,089,356. An Item of Colonial History.— On November 2nd; twenty two years. ago, the inhabitants of New South Wales were called upon to observe a solemn fast, in consequence of the fcarfnl drought at that time pre vailing. The distress resulting from this nonpiuvose state of affairs was sufficient to make ' colonials' humili ate themselves, and to bring to reflection even the most reckless. The anniversary is a matter worth noticing to day, if only , to note the singular variation of climate in the same month in different yenrs. We have had no cause to complain of the amount of rain that has fallen, and which we may still expect this season. Our rivers and creeks are full enough for ail useful purposes, and a day of thanksgiving would be more appropriate now than the hungry ceremony enacted in 1838. Tho month, of November seems to be somewhat notorious for the incon sistencies referred to. In November, 1849, a perfect de luge occurred in parts of Victoria, and the rainfall alone in one day wns estimated at as high as seven inches. This must have been something enormous, when we consider that the average obtained by recent ineteorogioal obser vations is only 22 inches per annum.— Bee. Dreadful Accident in the Bush.— On Satur day nigbt two men, named Wilson, a brickmnker/and McCormacIc, a miner, were on their road to Tarran-, gower, and when within a few miles of the place, they were obliged to camp in the bush. They lit a fire and, laid down under an old tree, and duriug the night, which was very stormy, a gust of wind brought down one of the heavy boughs, which fell on the unfortunate men. At daylight next morning Mr Roberts, of Porcu pine Creek, and some men started for the place on receiving luiuriuauuu ui uic acciueui., auu louuu sue two men, whose sufferings during tbe night can barely be imagined when it is stated that one of them (Wilson)' had his hip bone dreadfully crushed, and tlie other (M'Cormack) had his thigh broken, and were in this dis abled state during the inclemency of such a night as last Saturday was. The unfortunate men were conveyed by the police ion Sunday morning to the Maidon Hospital. The greatest credit is duo to the constabulary for tbe prompt measures they took in procuriug proper convey-: ances and having the men removed. These accidents ought to be a warning to travellers to select more safe places to camp in than under these old trees, on windy nights. — Bendigo Advertiser. Maryborough Railway Committee.— This committee met on Friday. Several letters were read.. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Maidon Committee, enclosing a resolution of this committee, expressing their willingness to join in a general confe rence of all tho towns in the district to meet in Marybo rough. The Secretory was also instructed to inform the Dunolly committee that pending the arrangements for a conference tbis committee do not consider it necessary for the proposed meeting to tako place between the Ma-: ryborougii and Dunolly committees. The commitee discussed also a variety of topics connected with the movement, but no definite resolutions were arrived at, it being considered advisable to postpone action as much as possible until the views of other towns should be known respecting the proposed conference. — M. and X>. Ad vertiser. Mining Share Market.— The Stocirffnd Share Journal of Nov 12 reports —Dividend Mines : — Atlas are offered at 52s Cd, and 453 is the best offer. Beehives have been placed at £11, On Friday, a parcel was in the market at £9 10s. Cappcris Reef are not so brisk, 16s is asked and 12s 6d offered. Fortune are offered at £31, : for tbe old company's shares. Vaugbans, although pay ing steady dividends, are not anxiously sought for. Ten guineas per share was divided last week. Progressive Mines.: — El Dorados are offered at 15s for 20s paid : the £2 property shares (bearing same dividend as £1 shares) are in the market at 20s. Eaglebawk Association are slightly under last week's rates; there ore not many Siituco UUCilUs AiUglCliUWlV uuiuua ntuiwu uv 4UUIU- tions. Eurekas ai e slow at 20s. Perseverance, Tarran- gower, have not been offered under 25s. Specimen, Gullys have receded in common with other mining shares : the report of the meeting is one calculated, to in spire confidence in the economy of tho management. Favourable intelligence respecting the Wattle Gully alluvial ground has been received from the mining manager. 