THE MANAGER'S METAMORPHOSIS. I Bold Thingumce, tho great lesseo, peeps through tho cur ! tain groen, : Where in the pit nine people sit, and up aloft thirteen ; With fury hot he counts the lot, a short hut odious job "Go! call tn mc," says Thingntneo, "sagacious Thing- umbob 1" " It's quite s wreck, the fol. In Spec, the Drama in this age. (Thingnmoc's grammar hos been spoiled, thongh writing for the stage.*) The Rritlsh public's quite loft off" bringing its wives and daughters, To Ben our idiots, ghosts, and gags-our thieves and Tr avíalas. . "Tho comic men and heavy mon, vich yon and I employs. Wo can find none moro vulgarer, and none to make more noise; Wo make our married ladies play all nndor maiden riamos. But the British public stops away and spoils our little games." He spoaks; on Thingumbob's dark check the colour goes and comes. Within the armholes of his vost he sticks his manly thumbs; " Explain," he cries, " what none denies-tho fact is al- ways seen Why publicans should bo so fat, and managers so lean!" " It seems to mo," says Thingumce, " the reason not to smother, Tho British pnblio likes tho one sort better than the t'other," " Then I'm the man that has a plan their favour back to win Snppose that wc turn publicans, and give tho drama in! " In each saloon, lot ns full soon, erect a brace of bars; j There wo will sell prime donblo L, old; Tom, and eke cigars. ' ' And lot us pack the gallery-back with creature comforts, too, With clean Btrow pipes, and mellow swipes, to cheer its motley crew. " Hake no pretence abont expense! When not behind J the scenes. The corps-de-ballet we will set to work the beer machines; Whilo all the barrels, vats, and cans, we want for the affair We'll Btow within the treasury-yon know there's nothing there." . "Your game I see," SBys Thingumee, "but don't you rather fear, If we tho tap-rooms empty all to fill oar benches hero. Thc dence a bit tbe public yet will bring their wives and danghters, To see our idiots, ghosts and gags-oar thieves, and Traviatas? ? " Fear? Not a jot! Take fool and sot! Admit each snob who pays! Out of the British public wo shall take it in two ways Should any decent person venturo here, there's little doubt. Paying sixpence to come in, he'll give a shilling to get cull" 