CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING. The Sixth Annual Meeting of the Church Missionary Society, was held yesterday, evening at St. Paul's School-room, Swanston street. There were about 250 persons present, and on the platform wo observed his Excellonty Sir Henry, Barkly, Lady Barkly, the Lord Bishop of Mel bourne, the Very Rev. the. Dean, Captain Bancroft, the Hon. T. T. A'beckett, his Honor Judge Molesworth, and a number of clergymen belonging to the Church of England. His Excellency Sie Henhy Barkly occupied the chair, and the customary, devotional exer cises having been concluded, he said that about a year since they had the pleasure of assembling in the same place for the purpose of resucitating, as it were, the Melbourne Church Missionary Society, of the very existence of whiceh many of the lay members of the Church were unaware. They were now met to learn the result of the efforts then made. He would not attempt, to anticipate the contents of the report, which would presently be laid before therm, but he trusted that it would be seen that some good had been effected; It was, however, no good to attempt to conceal the fact, which was but too evident, that the amount of good accomplished fell very far short of what might have been, and of what ought to have been, accomplished. Every Christian man should and must be aware, that a most glori- ous opportunity was opened in the land for the exercise of missionary enterprise not only amongst the numerous remnants of the aborigines, but also amongst the many thousands of Chinese who were living under their rule and laws,- and who in a very great degree were susceptible, of Gospel teaching. Then on the east and west of them they had, if he might use the expression, a perfect archipelago of heathenism. - Yet with all that, what, he would ask, were they doing? They were bound to confess that they were doing but very, very little. He knew it might be said that this was a small community and a young country, but he thought that, even considering their popu lation and their wealth, they would still have to confess that they were not doing what they should do, and if they compared their own efforts with the efforts made by Great Britain, or the amount of their subscription, he was afraid that they would make but a very poor figure in deed. What had they done to evangelise the Chinese by whom they were surrounded ? He believed it would be found that they had subsi dized the Chinese teachers who were working amongst their fellow-countrymen upon the Ovens gold-field, but all they did was to subsidise them, for the whole income of the society was not sufficient to pay them a salary equal to what they would obtain as Government interpreters. Then what were they doing to improve the spiritual condition of the aboriginal tribes? He believed they had given a small sum by way of subsidy to the abo riginal mission on the banks of the Darling. That mission, however, was not connected with their own church. It was under the management of a separate committee, and he trusted that at some future time they would receive very favorable reports respecting it. They had also rendered some small assistance to the mission established by the Bishop of New Zealand, and he believed that was all they had done; He trusted, however, that at some future time their operations would be carried on upon a larger scale, and that they would be favored with greater and mure encouraging results. (Applause.) Having made those introductory remarks, he begged to call upon the Secretary to read the re port. The Rev. Mr. Dickenson, hon. secretary to the society, then read the following report : — The duty and blessing of missionary work are so plainly set forth in the Word of God, that if there were no other encouragement to those who hear that word, this alone would bo suffi cient. But, in addition to the declaration;) of Scripture, the success of holy enterprise in time past, nay, iu the present day, and even in our own infant colony, should stimulate us to per severing and augmented efforts in this great cause. It is true that the church in this diocese has done but little in the work of evangelising the Jew, infidel, or heretic; still, some good seed has been sown, and though it has been but thinly scattered God has, in His great mercy, caused some of it to spring up and bring forth fruit, in the conversion of souls ; and thus of those to whom this society, under the guidance of our bishop, attempts to minister the word of God, a few from among the aborigines, tho Chinese, and the islanders of the western Pacific have become obedient to the truth. Yet this is, indeed, but 'The day of small things' for your society; and the board of management, in making this report of what has been done during the past year, whilst they would express their thanks to Ilim of whose only gift it comcth, that His faithful people do untojHim any ' true and laudable service,' feels that they have yet more need to pray, that He would raise up his power, and come among us, and with great might succour us ; that, whereas through our sins and wickedness we are sore let and hindered in running the race that is before us, His bountiful grace and mercy niay speedily help and deliver us. Indeed, if it were not in the hope that tho work done may be as the grain of mustard seed, that shall yet grow and become a tree, beneath whose shade many more of the heathen shall find shelter, the board would feel utterly ashamed to announce how little lias been effected. The income of the society for the past year has only been £056 lGs. Id., but {even this excccds that of any former year. Of this sum £267 2s. Id. has been appropriated to the mission to the Chinese of this colony, £101 15s. Gd. to the mission to the Aborigines, £14 15s. to the Melonesian mission, .£30 19s. Id. to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, £31 15s. 3d. to tho Church Mis sionary Society of England, £21 6s. lid. to the Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews, ,£25 lGs. 2d. to the Irish Church missions ; and the remainder (except two letters of £1 each, irregularly transmitted) to the general fund of your society. In return for the subscriptions for warded to the home societies, tlie board has re ceived small periodical supplies of their publications, which huvc been fipnor tinned to those of the clergy who were dmtrous of distributing them to subscribers lit their saveral parishes. A large number have also been left with Mr. Mullen, bookseller, 55 Collins street, east, for sale to the public. The board regrets that so few of theso most interest ing pamphlets have been applied for, and. they hope that this meau3 for dissominating informa tion about missions will be made greater u-c of fof VHa fimvi'e. mWiUjuliiiS to tmtev minutely into iwtleulfirij wlitoli way be found in those pcriodi- ' cals, the board, identifying itself with the great missionary societies of England, inasmuch as it is , an integral part of the Church to which they also belong, may briefly state that, according to the report for 1S59, the income of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel for that year has been X102,/-92 ; its clerical missionaries, 414; laboring chiefly iu North America, the West Indies, Africa, Ilindostan, and Australia, assisted by more than 70 0 catechists, ot layreadcrs, and schoolmasters. The income of the Church Missionary Society of England for the same year was £141,370; its j mission stations 144 in number, conducted by 227 clergymen, of whom 44 are natives, assisted by 2103 catechists ; native communicants, 18,613. Baptisms during the year, adults, 941 ; children, 1674 ; nof specified, 333. The income of the London Society for Promoting Christianity amongst the Jews has been £31,305, and £74-55 as a jubilee fund; its ordained missionaries, 2f- i assisted by 28 catechists, 28 Scripture readers, 24 school teachers. It is, likewise, unnecessary to 'speak at length of the missions of our church to the aborigines of this colony, as it is conductcd by a committee of its own, and a report of its proceedings is annually laid before the church. Wc would, however, mention that its missionary, during his journeys of hundreds of miles in the region of the Murray and Darling rivers, has met with much encouragement, in the anxiety of the poor blacks to Ilea;- tho gospel ; and although no case of decided conversion has yet appeared in that district, at least one of the aborigines of tho Wim niera district ministered to by missionaries of the Moravian Church, has been turned from darkness i to light, and from the power of Satan.unto God, i and baptised into the kingdom of Christ's ] Church. \- The state of themission to the Melanesiais (the inhabitants of the islands of the -Western Pacific), under the active superintendence of tho Bishop of New Zealand, is clearly and concisely set forth in the two following letters— one from the bishop himself, the . other frem one of his clergy, .a fellow- laborer in the work : — ?« Auckland, February 22. :? 'Reverend and Dear Sir, — May I request you to convey to the committee of the Church Mis sionary Society of Victoria my grateful acknow ledgement of tlie sum of £14. 15s. for the Melane sian mission. 'It has pleased God to prosper our work so far, up to, the limit of our present means, as we have now with us-39 scholars from 14 islands, in cluding some from which we hod not received any sch:lars before. Every voyage of the Southern Cross deveiopes new openings ; but without larger means we cannot: undertake to station missionaries, but must trust to God's blessing upon the slower, but not less sure, pro cess of training up a native ministry. If the Australian diocese can find missionaries, and means to support them, we can at any time point out openings, and undertake tlie oversight of the missionaries. 'Our report is not yet ready, but the Rev. J. C' Patteson will forward copies to you .when they are issued. 1 ' 'I remain, honored and dear Sir, ' Yours very truly, ' G. A. New Zealand, i ' To the Rev, R. B. Dickenson, - 'St. Luke's, Melbourne.' ' I ,' Kihimarama, Auckland, ' ' March, 26, 1868. ' My Dear Sir,— The Bishop of New Zealand . . . wished 'me to write . to you a few lines, that you, might know something about the pre sent state of our work. .... This year we have* four men -from tho two islands of that group (tlio Loyalty Islands), called Lifu andNeu gove. They have thrown in their lot with U3 altogether to make themselves useful in any way, and will winter (D;V.) with me in the Banks Archipelago this year. . ? 'Our school consists of twenty-one lads from six or seven islands of the Banks group, and we number . in all thirty -seven Melanesians from fifteen islands. Each year, as we get a great power of selection, ,we obtain more intelligent scholars. Many of bur present party are tho roughly satisfactory fellows. They are learning English chiefly, and most of them can read a little, fcome very fairly ; they nearly all learn to wr;te easily, the imitative; faculty being strongly de veloped in them. ' We are living in a lovely place on the seashore, about three miles east of Auckland, in the harbor. The bishop bought the property years ago. The expense of the buildings (upwards of a thousand pounds), has beeii defrayed by a dona tion from Miss .Yonge, the writer of the ' Daisy Chain,' tha 'Ileir of Bedclyffoe,' fee., who had before, subscribed largely towards the purchase of the Mission schooner. You already know the Bishop's plan.', He hopes to obtain, by degrees, somefive or six men to superintend the various departments of the central school here, in sum mer, and to go each one to the group inhabited by his own special scholars for the winter; there to overlook the work of the native teachers, each in his own island. 'These native teachers will be brought each summer to New Zealand, to be trained for holy orders ; and subsequently, if it please God that the plan be worked out, each group will be 'officered' by native pastors, under an English archdeacon, as it were ; and the principal part of the working staff will be transferred to New Zealand for the summer, and dispersed among the islands in the winter ; thus, as we hope, securing an uniformity of operation with a large expansion of work. ' I feel quite satisfied that there is no want of capacity in the natives of these islands. I don't for a moment believe that any race is incapable of being trained to do such woik in God's own time; but now many of them are intelligent and quick. ' I will try and write moro at length byand byc ; but I am in a great hurry now, as you may see. , Pray believe me, my dear Sir, to remain very truly yours. ' John C. Patteson.'' The Board hope that, before tho next annual meeting, the, Bishop of New Zealand will have cause to be ' grateful ' for more than the paltry sum acknowledged in his letter, and . that his laoonous ana seii-uenying enorts will be crowned with success. It will be right to speak more at length of the mission to the Chinese in the gold-field districts of Beechworth and Yackandandah, as this is en tirely supported by your society. The board are thankful to be able to say that the wish expressed in their last report, that suitable missionaries to the Chinese might be found, has been at least partially fulfilled. To Sam-Yuen, a Chinese Christian of mature age, formerly a pupil of the Bishop of Victoria (Hong Kong), and Fau-a-Wye, a younger man, but of much ability, have been, after the Apostles' example, preaching the Gospel "publicly, and from house to house',' to their fellow country men, under the superintendence of the Rev. C. Howard, of Beechworth, and the Rev. T. Dowell, of Yackandandah, since the beginning of this year. And not without fruit; for, by God's grace, two converts have lately been baptised into the Church of Christ. The following extracts, from the journal of the elder missionary catechist, will show the pe culiar difficulties, mingled with encouragement, experienced by those who strive to leaven the superficial minds and covetous hearts of the Chinese with tho pure and searching truths of tho ' glorious gospel of the blessed God.' The first _ extract will show the ordinary week day work of the missionary : — 6th January. — In the forenoon I translated some tracts, as usual ; and in the afternoon, at three o'clock, I had an opportunity of talking to a Chinaman at the Chinese camp. I found him to be sincere, [and] discoursed with him about some customs and manners of the world. Afterwards I also talked about the merits of the redemption of Jesus, who was crucificd, [and told him how] all who believe that he is our Redeemer, [and] that he came from God, and who trust in Ilis merits, shall be saved ; and those who keep His com mandments shall have everlasting happiness. Thus I discoursed with him about half- an- hour. Two others then came to listen ; they were all de lighted with my teaching, — no opposition what ever; I then left. The next paragraph shews the Sunday pro ceedings of one earnest, simple-minded, and un worldly Chinese missionary. Sth January [Sunday]. — In the forenoon I went to church to ask God's blessing ; then until three o'clock I remained at the Chinese camp. The same day I hadc10 men assembled to hear me ; all were pleased with my instructions ; no arguments. luml' College for XAti-.c.-i, St. Jotin'*, Auok« I spoke comforting words to them, and then I returned. ' 22nd January (Sunday.) — Though I am not well to-day, my mind is anxious that God's doc trines may reform men. At 3 o'clock p.m., I went up to the Chinese camp to call a meeting to pray to God, and to teach the doctrines. The next sentences develop one source of Chinese unbelief; namely, the consideration of religion as a mere national custom, which may be as different in various places, as the differing cli mates and languages of men. 21th January. In the afternoon I went to a tent ; there were three Hook-trem people sitting down, and talking idly to each other. They took out the Chinese and English New Testament, and showed it to me. I asked, ' Do you believe these books?' One replied, 'If [my country] men be- lieve, I should believe; all the Europeans believe but the Chinese do not. The English people teach that [their] God, Jesus, protects them as well as the whole world — what no other God could do ; but we Chinese worship idols, and do not know God. And again — 2nd February. I met three men who came from other diggings. I taught them the doctrines of God's condescending compassion in saving the world; [of] Jesus giving up his life for us ; and of his righteousness. [I said] Did you ever hear this ? They replied, ' Last year, when at Sydney, there were [some] that distributed tracts; in the tracts we read about the doctrine of Jesus Christ.' Are not those what you are telling about?' I replied, Yes, they are the same. Do you believe them?' One replied, 'How can we believe them, when the Chinese customs and manners, and [those of] the foreigners do not agree one with the other. The foreigners do not worship the tomb of parents, neither gods and devils as in China." The occurrence next related shows that the Chinese, like the corrupt Israelites of old, wish their teachers to' speak unto them smooth things, and prophesy deceit' and that they do not like to hear the 'whole counsel of God,' and that 'the offence of the cross has not ceased. February 3— In the afternoon, while I was at the Climcse camp looking, for an opportunity to preach, one asked me, ' Are you come here to speak of Jesus again ?' I said ' Yes', do you wish to hear?' He said, 'Whatsoever you preach, I will listen to, whether good or bad.' I said, 'Do you know you commit sins? ' Suddenly he was displeased with me. I observed that he wished to go away. I said, ' It is necessary to speak of sins, if you would learn about Jesus; and if you could bear patiently with me, I would make you understand this in little time. God is all powerful, and controls the world. He came down and became man, suffering, tribulation and persecution of man; He died on the cross, being grievously insulted by many.'' ' When he heard that, he was displeased at it, and answered, 'Why do you not preach some pleasing words and things? 'When once you open your mouth you speak about death, which I hate to hear.' He was much vexed, and went away rapidly, speaking bad words. We have next a proof how the love of this world pervades all Chinese notions of re ligion ; how diligently they look for a present recompense of reward; and for a ' godliness which is profitable for the life that now is.' ' February 24. — I met on the road 3 men. I talked to them about Jesus. * * How he made the poor rich. [I told them] ' You all ought to trust in His favor; you will be very rich then.' They were glad of that; but I said, ' You wish to get worldly riches and wisdom ; I fear that you will not do so, * * but the riches of the world to come are far superior to the riches of the present [life].' Towards the beginning of August one missionary paid a visit to the Indigo gold fields, to preach the gospel there. It will be seen that his congregations were larger than at Yach andandah. He writes : — August 12th. — At one o'clock, I called my countrymen together in the public street, and, by the Providence of God, I got many to come. I offered prayer ; and then took out from the 6th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, verses 9 to 13 (the Lord's Prayer), and explained to them how, in former times, Jesus taught the people to pray in this manner every day. There were about eighty or ninety men, and [they] were much in terested. The next extract shows how, as in the parable, the good seed fell on different sorts of ground — tho varieties of worthless soil, as usual, prepon derating. August 10. — To-day at eleven o'clock I went into five Chinese stores, and there were altogether twenty-four men in them. Some of them were glad to hear me, some were too troublesome, others wished to dispute, they talked foolishly too ; some behaved so badly that others turned them out. ' The next scene exhibits the missionary as preaching 'in season, out of season.' August 17. — It happened to be the opening of the Chin temple, so that many of the Chin people had a holiday that day. I preached the Gospel to them, and asked them, 'why do you believe such a god ; he was merely a man of the ancient dynasty ; how could he protect people ? You ought to believe God, He is the Creator ; and Jesus, He is the Saviour ; and the Holy Ghost, the Comforter.' The Chinese love of reading is next turned to account by a teacher of the one Great Book. August 19 (Sunday.) — I sent to tell the China men to come and hear me in the street at one o'clock. I found 80 or 90 Chinamen assembled, and they were very glad to hear me. On Wed nesday last Fau-a-Wye sent me 100 Chinese Tracts and New Testaments, and to-day I distri buted them to 30 Chinamen. Our last extract shows that they come who are dissatisfied with idolatry, and seek to know the truth. August 25.— Three Chinamen came into my roam, and expressed a wish to talk about Jesus. I asked them why they liked to do so ? One of them declared that the worship of idols was folly, and that he greatly believed in God the Creator of Heaven and earth. I talked with him for an hour. I then entered into a conversation with a Chit-gong man as to the power of Jesus to forgive sins ; he was much pleased with a book which I gave him. These and similar facts in China itself will, we hope, show how, after the long and dark night of thousands of years of idolatry, the day star is arising in some hearts, and that, though the state of this vast nation is still one of gloom and thick darkness, tho obf ervant eye of a believer can dis cern amidst that gloom the first grey gleam of the mornuig spread upon the mountains. These quotations will also have given some idea of the mode in which the quiet and unpre tending, but still important work is carried on amongst the thousands of heathens whom the discovery of gold has attracted to our shores. But the board have long felt the weight of the conclusion arrived at by Bishop Smith and other eminent missionaries, aiid already expressed in the ' foregoing letter of Mr. Patterson, namely, that European clergymen are always required to bring both their fuller knowledge of Divine truth, and the energy of the northern mind, to bear upon tho less instructed intellects and less active exertions of the native pastors themselves. Accordingly, in compliance with the request of the board, the bishop many months ago proposed to the Church Missionary Society of England that tlioy should send out a duly qualified missionary, master of the Chinese language, to take the oversight of the work on the gold-fields : but no answer has yet been re ceived. Passing from what has been done, to what wo have yet to do, the Board would express the strong conviction that only by frequent and regular parochial meetings can such information on missionary subjects be aflorded as will not only excite but main tain that interest in the work which will be evinced by more adequate missionary efforts. Thirty thousand Chinese in this land, and many myriads of heathen in the islands around our shores, to say nothing more of the millions of idolaters in other parts of this hemis phere, 'Stretch forth their hands' to us, the favoured children of the ' one God, the Father, of whom are all things and we hi Him,' — the chosen disciples of the ' one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and wc by Him ;' and they im plore us, — always by their souls' great need, — often by the actual appeal of their lips, to make known to them Ilim who is the way, the truth, and the life.' ' Freely ye have received, freely give.' May we be so filled with tho love of Ilim who gave Himself for us, that many amongst us may he found to offer themselves, and all cheir prayers and freewill offerings, for the ex tension of tho everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ ; to whom alone be glory for Bad oyn—Amen, ; His Excellency stated that Mr. ? G rice, the \ treasurer, had been unable to attend, and, there- t fare, the reading of ' the balance sheet would have t to be postponed. It would, however, be published, t together with the report. i The Loud Bisitoi' op M-emiouiine moved ' That i the report read bo adopted, printed, and eirculat.d ; amongst the subscribers to the socic-ty.' He had i listened with a great deal of pleasure to the re- ( port, especial'y to the extracts from th: journal \ of the Chinese missionary, which showed that he t was a faithful and zealous servant cT their Divine ; Lord and master. He was glad to see a true t missionary spirit . amongst tho rae:n- t bers of the church, . and he trusted ? that every one of the clergymen who were .] there present would endeavour to establish a ] branch missionary society in the parish committed i to his charge. A missionary spirit was not how ever to be cultivated merely by exhortation, nor even chiefly by exhortation, but by laying before their several congregations facts connected with tho progress of missions among -t the heathen nations amidst which Christian missions were established. At. their last meeting he attempted to give a brief and rapid sketch of the rise and progress of missionary enterprise hi connection with the Church of England. He now proposed to give tlieni a slight sketch of missionary enter prise in New Zealand. They were aware that those islands — which from their position and great natural advantages had been termed the Great Britain of the Southern Hemisphere— wei e discovered in the 17th century, by tho great Dutch navigator Tasman, but it was not until its rediscovery by their own great countryman Captain Cook, that the English became really acquainted with it. Tho natives at that time were very warlike and savage, and the massacre of tho crew of the Boyne deterred for a considerable time all English ves sels from calling at that island. The Right Rev. gentleman here read several extracts describing the condition and state of tho natives in New Zealand prior to the introduction of Christianity amongst tliem. It was not until 1309 that the missionaries were enabled to establish a footing upon the island. In 1S29, a sanguinary v.-ar sprang up between two native tribes, which the missionaries were in a great measure the means of putting an end to, and since that time New Zealand might be said to have becomo a Christian country. Such might be said to be the first stage of the history of Christianity in those islands. They then came to the establishment of the New Zealand Associatirn, and the increase of the colonists to such an extent, that it was deemed advisable by the English Government to assume the sovereignty of the islands for the purpose of protecting the settlers, and of putting an end to and preventing the wars between the several races. Captain Hobson took possession of the island in the year 1840, on behalf of the Eng lish Crown, and the Treaty of Waitanga was made between the English and the natives, recognising tho right of the natives to their own property, and it was resolved to attempt to raise the natives to a state of civilization. The first actual collision took place in 1843, when nearly the whole of the Europeans belonging to a settlement near Nelson were either tomahawked or shot. Subsequently in March, 1845, another war broke out, whieh lasted the whole of that year, and during a greater portion of the succeeding one. The right rev. gentlemen then read some abstracts from mis sionary works, tending to prove that had it not been for the missionaries, and the introduction of Christianity into New Zealand, the' whole I of the Europeans on the islands at that time would havo been massacred. It was, he said, Jvery providential that Sir George Grey at that critical time was appointed Governor of New Zealand, since by his firmness and clemency, as sisted by the influence of the bishop and tho mis sionaries, he succeeded in putting down the insur rection. That might be termed the second stage of the history of New Zealand. Then came tlie discovery of their own gold-fields, which gave an additional value to the land in New Zealand, and consequently a great deal of gold found its way into the hands oi' the natives, thus exposing their Christianity to a far greater trial than any it had hitherto had to encounter. Numbers of grog-shops were established amongst tho Maories, and those who as heathens were abstainers, were as profes sing Christians in danger of becoming drunkards, and Cliristianity suffered a great declension. Sir George Grey on his visit to England, in 18 55, bore very valuable testimony to tho labors of the missionaries amongst tho natives stating that there could be no doubt of the great ar.d beneficial influence which the introduc tion of Christianity had exercised over them. It could not be denied that the labors of tho missionaries had been successful ; even when opposed to thorn in war the Maories were very : different to what they would havo been when in their heathen and savage state. They had abandoned those treacherous and savage means of warfare which previously characterised them, they themselves stating that they liked open warfare. Notwithstanding, however, the declen sion to which he had alluded, there were certain indications which showed that the influences of Christianity wore still at work, which fact was most encouraging. Sir George Grey had also stated that there was a want of condensation in the efforts of the missions. If that was attended to, he considered that the conversion of New | Zealand would be a most encouraging and \- remarkable incident hi the modern history of Christianity. At the present time the native population compared with the colonists were as 7 to 5. Tho whole population of the lauuiu noa i4'J,uyu , iv,vuu ui wuuiu nt-xu uuuves, and tho remaining 50,000 colonists. After refold ing to the industrious habits of the New Zealanders, and to their value as fellow-colonists with the Europeans, he again alluded to (heir mi litary disposition, stating that they would make mo3t valuable auxiliaries' to the English iu tho event of a war with the French or any other na tion. Ho would not have alluded to that subject at such a 'time were it not that he considered it necessary that they should be well acquainted with the nature of the men against whom the British troops had to contend. Alluding to the little success of the Roman troops against the ancientinhabitants ofBritain,he said that although the British troops might bo able to hold the sea ? coast and the towns against the Maories, they j would never be able to drive them out of the recesses of their native woods. It was by nvpms of Christian missions and the introduction . of Christianity into the island, that New Zealand was won to the British arms ; and it must be by that means alone that the superiority of the British rule could bo maintained. Whilst they felt the deep est sympathy for their own countrymen who were engaged in the New Zealand war, he thought they must also feel some sympathy for the noble though misguided Maories. He was glad that a commander had gone to New Zealand to take the lead of tlie troops there who feared God. He sincerely trusted that he would be successful in restoring peace to that island, and in preparing the way for the still further spread of Christianity, aud that the present troubled aspect of the country would 600n be changed, nnd that even great goo-.l might coma eut of the present dis turbances. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Skddo.v, with a few brief re marks, seconded tho resolution, which was put and unanimously agreed to. The Rev. Mr. Chase moved the second resolu tion : — ' This meeting desires to render humble nnd hearty thanks to Almighty God through our Lord Jesus Christ, Head over all things to the Church, for having enabled the Church in this Diocese to send Missionaries to tho Aboriginals and Christians in this colony ; and expresses its hope nnd prayer that the lord of theHiirvest will speedily send forth more laborers into his harvest.' After reviewing the report and the progress of missionary labors amongst the Chinese, ho said that the annual meetings were to him periodical seasons of mourning that they were not more successful, and that they were doing so little to aid tie groat missionary work of evangelising the heathen. He trusted that the suggestions of then Bishop would bo attended to, and that local branch missionary, societies would be formed in the several parishes. He thought, however, it was necessary special persons should be set apart for the great missionary work, who should go through tho country and devote the whole of his time to- that work. The rev. gentleman then briefly alluded to some experiences of his own amongst the aborigines of the colony, stating that he bslieved the gospel might be preached amongst them with very great effect and advantage ; .ind concluded by impressing upon those present the necessity of being imbued with a missionary spirit, and of increasing then- efforts and their prayers to advance the great work which lay be fore them. j His Honor Mr. Justice Moleswortk seconded! the resolution. He referred principally to the I li»rg« number of CMueee nnwngst up, nud to tho :ery little that was being done to Christianise hem. From his own observation ? he did not .hink that the Chinese were very bigoted or at achcd to anyparticular religious prejudice in any ;reat degree.; on the contrary, he thought that here was great religious apathy amongst them, ind that he thought was the great obstacle with ?vhich missionaries woidd have to contend. The question then came before them, what would be ,'hebest manner in which to attempt to christianise :he Chinese ? From tho difficulty of Europeans icouiring their language, ho was inclined to think ;hat the best means would bo by training native ;oachers who, going amongst them, and being kvell acquainted witli the prejudices nnd particu lar opinions of then- countryman, would bo moro likely to be successful than European teachers tiouid possibly hope to be. lie trusted they would then arouse themselves to the great work whieh lay before them, for it was mere mockery to pray tho Lord to send forth more laborers into the harvest, if they themselves did not avail themselves of those moans which wore brought within their reach. With those remarks ho had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Tlie Very Rev. the Dean op Melbourne moved tho next resolution, as follows: — 'This j meeting sees with joy the efforts made by the | Church in our fatherland to avail itself of the opportunity for missionary work afforded by re cent events in China, Japan, and Central Africa, and looks upon those efforts as shaming us for our past neglect, and stimulating us to redoubled exertions on behalf of the heathen in and around this land of our adoption.' He alluded to the numerous fresh fields of mis sionary labor which were opening up before them, in Central Asia, China, and J apan ; and the efforts which were then being made in the home country to spread the trutlis of the Gospel in those countries, stating that he trusted they would en deavor to aid in those great efforts which were then being made. The Rev. Mr. Dickenson soconded the resolu tion, alluding to the very interesting empire of Japan, the Christianising of which he considered should devolve upon the Church in Australia. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. A collection was made at tliis stage of pro ceedings. The Rev. W. Wilkinson moved the fourth resolution ' That the following gentlemen be the board and office-bearers for the ensuing year in addition to all clergymen who are subscribers : — Treasurer, Mr.R.Grice ; hon. secretary, the Rev. W.Dickenson, and Messrs. T. T. A'Beckett, At G. Dumas, II. Jennings, E. King, W. Lockc, W. Jiacredie Probert, E. Sandford, J. H. Shaw, J. Smith, J. Spowers, J. C. Walter, with power to add to their nuniher.' In his remarks he particularly alluded to the necessity and duty of their putting forth further and more strenuous efforts for the conversion of the J cws. Mr. Bland seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. On the motion of the Hon. T. T. a'Beckett, seconded by the Lord Bisuor of Melbourne, the thanks of the meetinc were unanimously accorded to his Excellency for his kindness in presiding. The Bisuor then pronounced the benediction, and the proceedings terminated. 