ST. PETER'S CHURCH, COWRA. The ceremony of laying the F0undation Stone of the Presbyterian Church at Cowra came off on Thursday last. The weather was very favourable, and the assemblage, for a small country township, was all that could be desired. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. James Adam, who was accompanited for the ground by the Rev. James B. Laughton of Bathurst, and by Messrs. Campbell and Hood, Trustees of the Church. After the singing of Psalm 102nd., verse 16-18, the reading of Psalm 147th, and the offering up of prayer, Mr. Adam addressed the assembly in the folowing terms:- MY DEAR FRIENDS - Upon a monument which has already outlasted throngs and king- doms, and which will endure till there be a new Heaven and a new earth - upon the front of the roll of that disciple who has dwelt so largely on the Divinity of our Lord, it is de- clared that men "shall be all taought of God". Of this happy era, poets with their spirits touched by celestial fire, have sung. Prophets with their minds reflecting the light of yet distant ages, have tol, for the comfort and faith of existing generations that its blessings on all the winds of Heaven were approaching. The dawning and reigning of it have cheered from after those who have looked to Zion for aid. Of its peace, tranquillity, and happiness, all the faithful, both before and after the ad- vent of Christ, delighted to speak, and even now the church militant is eagerly looking onwards for te effusion of its glories over the moral wastes of the arth. In order that it might be realised, Christ taought, suffered, and died and his Apostles passed their lives in labours, dangers and sufferings. Yes, there is an era so plainly revealed on the page of inspiration, that whilst a man is running, he may read it, \- an era when Christ is to reign throughout the homes and hearts of men, in bright, full, orbed millennial glory; when the kingedom of anti-christ shall be destroyed, and the temples of the Messiah established on its ruins; when the Jews shall be brought in with the fullness of the Gentiles; when swords shall be beat into ploughshares, and spears into pruning hooks, and the nations shall learn war no more; when incense and a pure offering shall everywhere ascend unto God, and the sun shall rise and set upon a Heaven - blessed and Jehovah - serving people; when nothing shall hurt nor destroy in all God's holy mountain- "For te earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea". But altough there is nothing surer than thatsuch days are coming upon the earth, yet, it is like- wise most true that they will not come with- out the instrumentality of men. The stone ment - the onlymedium through which God can look with complacency upon fallen and sinful humanity, might be proclaimed by ill8- minating the concave of the sky with a cross; all that has been at anytime delcared in the Bible concerning the Messiah might be written on the firmament above, so as to be legible by the ends of the earth; the pardon of sin and the imputation of the righteousness of Christ through, faith the Almighty might inscribe upon the noon-day sun; regeneration by the spirit might be read from every star that studs the blue firmament; the riches of God's grace might be diffused, over the earth by the winds of heaven; and by one mighty sweep, error and vice might be expunged from every land. But God instead of revealing to us his love as he has his wisdom, power and goodness by the passive heavens and earth, has been pleased to do it through the instrumentality of his active and intelligent creation. Hence if the easy yoke of Christ is to be borne instead of an intolerable buden of guilt; the blessing of the gospel of peace to be scattered over perturbated minds; the tranquillizing oil of God's grace to be infused into the troubled soul; the new-born and peaceful light of heaven to be let in upon the darkened under- standing; and eternal spring to be thrown upon the perverted will and if the very elixir of happiness is to be diffused throughout the whole of man's higher nature; then must those who profess to stand up for Christ in the midst of this wicked and adulturous general bestir tthemselves to the due cause and improvement of all those means, gifts and graces which God has placed within their reach. The Bible must be brought down from our shelves. Its truths and doctirnes being first engraven by the Holy Spirit on the fleshly tablets of our hearts must then be interwoven throughout the actions of our every day life. Men whose duty it is to give themselves to reading, watching and prayer, are from time to time to enforce the teaching of the living oracles; our closets are to be hallowed by communion with the Almighty; our families are to be gathered round the daily sacrifice of prayer and praise. The day of the Lord is to be consecrated by our nightbourhood ceasing to spend the day in idleness and leaving off worldly amusements and recreations. Suitable edifices are to be erected, so that the faithful may have an opportunity of assembling for the purpose of unitedly and publicly protesting against vice and error, and encouraging each other in the practice of virtue. Then, when all tis machinery has been fully put in motion; when the incense of fervent prayer regularly arises from every closet in our land; when te fire of Heaven glows from every family altar; when every corner of the habitable world has become adorned with evangelical churches, and every pulpit is filled with men whose daily and highest ambition is not to seek the applause of men or their own aggrandizements, but to glorify God and promote the real good of man:- then we say and not till then, may we expect some nearer approach to those scenes or primeval purity, which once made the morn- ing stars sing together and the So is of God shout for joy, and to that era of millennial peace and glory which is to usher in the grand and final consummation of the chequered scenes of earth. How very cheering is it to look around us and see in Cowra and its neigh- bourhood signs of progress to this blissful period. There are means at work which can- not fail under the influence of the Holy Spirit, of sending down to unborn generatins the richest of Heaven's gifts. There are men spending their time, influence, talents, and wealth, for the cause of Christ. Whilst the ingabitants of other localities are torn by fac- tion and party feeling; it is the characteristic of the people of Cowra to rally round any cause which has for its end the glory of God and the welfare of their fellow creatures. They pull together, and their differnt efforts tend to one result. Their labours of love are performed as a matter of duty, and not with a view to what men may say or think of them. Each does his own work in a noiseless and up- right manner. The laying of the Foundation Stone of this House of Prayer to-day, and the numerous, and some of them handsome dona- tions on our subscription list are proof of what we now say. Of the Presbyterian Churches that are now in the course of erec- tion in this district the Cowra one was the last in being thought of, or in having steps taken for the building of it, but it now bids fair at being the first to be finished. Nor is all this work mrerely outward, whilst a few in their efforts to erect a material building are leaving no stone untried there are many we believe doing what they can to build up a spiritual temple to the Lord. There is scarcely a dwelling in all Cowra where the Bible is not daily pondered. It is no doubt a fact manifest as the brightness of noon-day, that some heads of families living but a short distance from where we now stand never devote a single serious thought to such a book or to anything that may be said in its favour, but we could at this moment exhibit a list of more than thirty people scattered throughout Cowra, who have come under a most solemn promise not to allow a single day to pass over their head, without prayerfully reading some portion of it. In no part of the field where our lot has been cast is there promise of a more bountiful harvest. And Oh! how cheering is the prospect of assembling from time to time in this temple which our Brother is now about to found, with those who are truly en- quiring the way to.the happy shores of the Canaan above; who are stones in the living temple 0f G0d; who rejoice in the Almighty's presence and delight in his fellowship. Their enjoyments far transcend the experience of those who merely content themselves with a position inside the material temple. True wisdom dwells only with, them; they alone can rejoice evermore. They are stars in this world's night— centres of life, light and liberty Destined to dwell in god's temple above, they are ever rising on the breath of the Spirit to- wards Heaven. A church from whose pulpit there speaks a man of fervent piety, of supe- rior learning, of earnestness, sincerity and feeling, and frequented from Sabbath to Sab- bath by such bearers cannot fail to prove an inestimable boon to thousands and tens of thousands. Remembering likewise the decla- ration of scripture, that "where no vision is the people perish", and knowing from our own observation and that of others, that where there are no bibles, pastors, ministers, or churchs, there is nothing prevalent but for- getfullness of' God, vice and error. We cannot but see the great mercy of Jehovah to this neighbourhood in the erection of a building such as this— a building where the ordinances of his own appointment may be dispensed; where the children of Zion may be sustained with the bread of eternal life and refreshed with frequent and copious draughts from the crystal river proeeeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb; and where those who have thitherto been drinking the deadly potion of Satan, may enjoy the love and taste the goodness of God. This day's proceedings must have been very reviving to one, who is on account of distance, prevented from being now with us. The munificient donation with which our subscription list is headed and the efforts put forth at the commencement of the present undertaking, indicate the gentleman to whom wo refer. Whilst he remained in the midst of us, his life was a constant sermon to the world of benevolence. He spoke by deeds of charity as well as by words of kind- ness. Like his Divine master he went about doing good. But although absent in body he is present with us to-day in spirit ; for the sun does not oftener flood the face of crea- tion with light and heat than he seeks at a 'throne of grace to fill our souls with the sub- bliner illumination and life of the Sun of Righteousness. And the prayer of a man such as I believe him to be, will doubtless "avail much". Finally my dear friends, go forward with the work which you have so auspiciously commenced; stand by it for it is the cause of Him who is both able and willing to bless you according to your labours. Let us rest assured that what we pray for, do, and give on behalf of this temple of Jehovah and those who may fill its pulpit and pews, will have no tendency to make our path through this world more difficult, our pillow at death less smooth or our latter end less peaceful. Such prayers, acts and gifts, will doubtless, through the merits of Christ make future scenes more perfect and peaceful and our crown amid the church triumphant in Heaven, more glorious. George Campbell Esq ., .J.P., then advanced and in the name of the Trustees, handed to the Rev. Mr. Laughton a sealed bottle requesting him to have the goodness to lay the stone. The bottle was deposited by him in a chamber cut in the lower surface of the stone and contained several coins of the realm, copies of the Bathurst Free Press, and of the Bathurst Times, of the last issue (Septemhor 15) a copy of the Edin- burgh Weekly Scotsman (June 9th, 1860,) and a parchment containing the following inscrip-, tion: — GLORIA DEO IN EXCELSIS. The Stone in which this Document is deposited, is the Foundation Stone of a Presbyterian Church, under the Jurisdiction of the Synod of Australia in connection with the Established Church of Scotland to be designated SAINT PETERS CHURCH, Cowra. This Stone was laid on Thursday, the twentieth day of September, in the Year of Our Lord One Thou- sand Eight Hundred, and Sixty; in the twenty- fourth year of the Reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Queen Defender of the Faith: His Excellency Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, being Governor-General of Her Majesty's Australian Possessions; the Rev. John Dougall, Minister of St. Andrew's Church, Sydney, being Modera- tor at the Sydnod of Australia, by the Revd James Brotherton Laughton, B.A., Minister of St. Stephen's Church, Bathurst, assisted by Rev. James Adam, M.A., Moderator of the Presbytery of Bathurst, and Minister of the Upper Lachlan District, in the Colony of New South Wales. Trustees, George Campbell, William Ousby and William Hood. The Rev. Gentleman having then spread the mortar on the bed prepared for the stone, it was eased down by Mr. Pindar, the contrac- tor, into its permanent place. The stone having been duly adjusted, Mr. Laughton struck it three times with a mallet, saying— ' I lay this stone as the Foundation stone of a Presbyterian Church under the jurisdiction of the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Established Church of Scotland, to be designa- ted ' St. Peter's Church, Cowra,' " in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. Mr. Laughton then addressed the assembly at some length, expressing the gratification he felt in taking part in this interesting ceremony. The day was one peculiarly in- teresting to him, as it was exactly ten years since the day in which he had himself been ordained to the charge of this district in Carcoar. The Rev. Gentleman, spoke of the great blessings temporal and spiritual which had resulted from the preaching, of the Gospel, and though he did not suppose that such bless- ings could be secured to a district by merely building a church, yet this was a means towards that end. It was his earnest prayer that the building now commenced might be a nursery for the heavenly garden; that the Most High might set His Name there and establish His truth in the hearts of a willing people; and that this humble instrumentality might hasten the accomplishment of God's promise "that the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth as the waters cover the sea". Mr. Laughton announced that offerings in aid of the Building Fund would now be col- lected on the Stone. A considerable sum was thus obtained; and it is gratifying to find that nearly the whole of the funds required for the building have been subscribed. A Doxology was then sung and the Bene- diction having been pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Adams, the meeting separated. 