MR. CROOKES. Wm consider the House of Asembly unintentionally treated Mr. Crookes with disrespect in entertaining the absurd motion of Mr. Maxwell Miller, and we hope occasion will be taken to place the question in its proper light. Let such insults to individuals be in dignantly resented by the House, and let the mistake into which it has fallen be a beacon for future guidance. The subjoined paper would have been very conclusive if a doubt had existed : POSITION OF WESLEYAN LOCAL .PReAOIIERa AS DIsTI5GUISIIED PROM TIIT OF INISS THRS. Ist. Wesleyan ministers are solemnly and publicly ordained hy imposition of hands. to' the ofBee of the ministry. Local Preachers are not ordained. 2nd. At their ordination,. candidates for the ministry harve to make a solemn declaration that they are inwardly moved by the foly Ghost to take upon them office of the ministry. Local preachers have not to make any such declaration. 3rd. Ministers are appointed to the pastoral charge of congregations. Local preachers have no such cbarge. 4th. Ministers are charged with the exercise of all ministerial functions as, for example, the administration of the ordinances of liap tism and the Lord's Sapper-the admission of candidates into Church..membership -the maintenance of Church discipline-the solom nisation of matrimony.. Local preachers are precluded from the exercise of these func lions. ath. Ministers are debarred from seeular pursuits. Local preachers are not. 6th. Local preachers hold their membership in the Church on precisely the same tenure as all other members, vi?.-by a ticket of mem bership, received quarterly, from the hands of the minister. 7th. Local preachers are, in the Wiesleyan Church. regarded as laymen. 8th The names of all Wesleyan ministers and candidates for the ministry are nnnullsy published in the" Minutes of Conference ?" and no person tohose name does not so appear is recngnised, i any sense of the tern, as " a Minister of religion," in lthe Weslryan Church. (SiEned) Joun Cors, Superintendent Wesleyan Minister of the Hobart Town Circuit. Hobart Town, August 25th, 18t0. 