THE APPREHENDED SNOWY IHVER RUSH. (From llio BtndUjo Mercury,) Attempts have been very industriously made in Melbourne to get up an excitement about theKiamlra divings, Tbo -whole moveable population of this colony is to transfer itself at the iirst commencement of the dry season to the Snowy itiver. Even upon the gold fields there is a certain aniount of misgiving on the subject Tho feeling in Melbourne, however, is not one Of misgiving, but of plea sant anticipation. Firms who have-lately found the mouey-markct tight, will most likely be able to fly a fresh kite or two on the strength of liberal orders from " Eden." It seeuis to us that in this point of view a largo portion of the commercial community of Melbourne have-a distinct interest in. pushing and preaching the rush, which pro mises them for a time " fresh fields" of spe culation and "pastures new" of accommo dation," aud if it fails will be a well sound ing reason for taking refuge in the Insolvent j Court The Government aro on their :side i experimenting bomceopathically upon a dis case which has not yet broken out. Like good physicians, and also like quacks, they meet tho malady lialf way, and treat it, by . the administration of " like to like."- As if there was not, already fables enough floating about in reference to the richness and extent of the newgOldfield, the Government are further uuscttlhig the minds of men by despatching two prospect ing expeditions, whoso instructions arc to show that Gippslfind- "is the place,"and that lieadigo,ljallarat, Forest Creek, Dunolly and Iuglewood- may at once give up the ghost- So anxious indeed is. the' Victorian Government to draft off its population from the older goldficlds into those new ones, the existence of which as permanent mining districts remains to he proved—that Mr Ligar has been taken nway from tho geodetic survey and sent to lay down a route to Ki andra by way of the Ovons, a task which after much sweating and wear and tear of mind 'and body, that worthy and scientific gentleman lias accomplished by tho discov ery of a track over which drays with no less than two hundred-weight of loading may pass without much difficulty or danger—a discovery which Mr Ligar chuckles over with as much exultation as if he made out a now planet ^ or hit upon some royal road to determining longitude. Thus it will ; be seen that the Melbourne merchants from motives of self-interest, which are very apparent, are doing all they can to stimulate the rush—that the govern-1 mcnt for their part are spending some | Ll0,000 or so of the public money to induce the population of the colony to migrate to what is in any case whether it he in Gipps Land or in the territory of New South Wales, what is to all intents and purposes a foreign country, while the Surveyor-General is kindly engaged in making the way pleasant 'for the masses, whom Melbourne selfishness aud government stupidity hope to put in motion. Wc believe- this expectation of a great rush to the jjuowy, whether it be a hope or a fear, is erne of the grossest humbugs of the (lay, as far at least as its probable effect upon the mining population of Victoria is con cerned. The probabilities of an exodus have been absurdly exaggerated. There may be a certain floating population in the colony ready to start with or without notice to any part of the world upon a wild-goose chase. .Melbourne will no doubt sehd its quota of ad venturous speculators, who, if they can only get as far as Kiandra, know that they will he brought back at the expense of a paternal (loceriiiiieiit, which having done all it can to induce them to take the rash journey, is of course bound to take care of them afterwards. Hut the gold-fields will not contribute many to the exodus. We all know what imnicn.se pulling of Port Curtis the shipowners and other estimable gentlemen resorted to for the piu-posc of attracting, miners to the alligator country. Hut the .scheme failed upon the gnhl-iic-lds. Rome few miners joined in the adventure indeed, and some few of them found their way hack again to the gold-fields picked to the bone. Hut the mass of the adventurers who joined the rush to Port Curtis was composed of the scum of htel liourne. And so it will be ill tliip expected rush to Kiandra The fact is, that upon settled gold-fields the great hulk of the well-to-do population i-amint move. The puddler cannot abandon his mill; the (luiu'tg- Huwnvogi^J^^ii if lie abandoned a paying claim, or sold it at a sacrifice; tbc storekeeper lias too many accounts outstanding to start off in a hurry, unless lie would have a hnc-audcty of credi tors after him. There arc but two classes upon a gold-field who arc free to move about as they will. The first is a most valuable class, namely, the class of men who have saved money and have it on deposit at the banks. But these are not the miners to j risk for venture tho hard savings of years.' I Tho other class is that to which the world is | as an oyster—the ue'er-do-wccls, whose vo I cation it is to run in debt rather than to i work. There will not be much lamentation upon the gold-fields if this clas3 transfera itself bodily to Kiaudra or Gipps Land, or become absorbed there. - We on the gold-fields need not at all alarm ourselves that the Snowy River will draw away any considerable number of those clas ses of the population, whom it is to our inte rest to retain. Neither need gentlemen who have an cyo to the main cliaucc rub their hands over the prospect of property going for a song when the exodus well sets in. The j exodus will not set in at all. Some few ad venturous spirits will, of course, be tcniptcd to try their luck on the Snowy River, and we hope that they may not come back again sick and sorry. As far as is known of the land of promise, there is nothing to show that the diggings at Iuglewood are not just as good, and we believe that if so many as twenty thousand men find their way_ to Kianilra, not half of them will get a living there. The cry of an exodus is only an in genious device got up in Melbourne by gen tlemen anxious to turn a penny, to get more of their paper out, and to put off the evil day. • Homeomt ox Desiociucv.—" Humboldt re marked to Gans, after the revolution of July—' Believe me, my friend, my wishes are as ardent as. yuurs for the sucliess of the new government, bat; my hopes' are vfirj' faint. These forty yeare past I have seen the rulers iu Paris coino and go, ever falling by their own incapacity, fresh promises Bucceed each other never to bo fulfilled, and the same road to destruction is trodden again and again. I have been intimate with most men of the day, aud in some of them I confided; there were excellent and wcll-incauing men amongst them, but they did not bold fast to their princi ples, aud soou became no better than their prede cessors; ofteu tbey dcgcuecatcd into something worse, greater rascais. No Government up to the present lias kept faith with the people, nono lias made their selfishness subordinate to the common weal. Till the rulers can do this no power will bo stable in France: the nation has keen constantly deceived, and will he deceived again,—then again it will punish the falsehood and the deceit, for it is' Btrong enough and ripe enough to do that.— Yaruhugcn's Diary. 