INVENTORS AND INVENTIONS. Is it true that the world has never known its greatest men? Have all its benefactors been ignored and de- spised; or rather, have not some occasionally found timely recognition and fitting reward? Human nature is stubborn, and men are unwilling to be turned out of their own way ; but the hardest natures gradually soften into a new mould if pressed long enough, and the most wilful feet take to unaccus- tomed paths after those paths have been well trodden by their neighbours. Every new invention has had its own special fight before it could get its , hearing. Who recognises the prince in the beggar? Who sees the full-fledged eagle in that or- dinary looking and somewhat unprepossess- ing egg ? Who could always foretell that the new invention, untried and unproved, was a wotld's blessing in disguise, an embryo helper forward of humanity ? We do not wish to uphold ignorance in any form, but we must be just ; and really those various Mr. Bat's Eyes may be pardoned for not seeing all that Christiana and Mercy set out to seek. Besides every inventor has not been wronged by his genera- tion : some have, and most grievously, but not, all. We will follow the course taken by Mr. John Timbs, in his new book, Stories of Inventors and their Discoveries ; and, for every persecuted benefactor of society, we will find at the least two who met their reward. We begin with Archimedes, as of course. For, though the Pyramids were built, and the mono- liths raised ; though the huge caves of Elephante and the City of Petreaa hud been hewn out of the living rock, and the Pelasgians-or who ?-had built their Cyolopaean walls wherever they had had the chance, yet Archimedes always stands first on the list of mechanical discoverers, as if the world had never known crank or pulley till he made both, and had never raised a stone bigger than a man's hand. But we must not forget that even Archimedes stood upon the shoulders of the past. Well ! Archimedes was no martyr. His Eureka, his boast about the world and the lever, were household words in every Greek mouth; his screw is one of the principal motors of the present day ; and his catapulta and burning-glasses, his balistea; and the Galley of Heiro, passed even yet. The Great Eastern is not equal to that Galley of Heiro, with its temples and its baths, its storehouses, water tanks, and six hundred A.B.s sitting down to fish and flour in the forecastle. Honoured by his sovereign, respected by the people, revered by posterity, the ghost of brave old Archi- medes, wandering palely on the banks of the Styx, has no reason to complain of the injustice of humanity. No one was hung, drawn, or quartered for the mag- net ; only Columbus, when the needle varied in tho American Atlantic, had to improvise a theory to save, perhaps, his life from the mutinous hands of his ter- rified sailors. Whether the Chinese, to whom the honour of the discovery belongs, have a martyr magnetiser, like their martyr potter Pousa-now a god, or something like it-we do not know; but, according to all accounts, their Magnetia Mountain, which played Sinbad such a sorry trick, has made martyrs and victims enough. Priming made a martyr, in a small way, of poor Guttenberg, who, what with debt (he spent the whole of a large private fortune in bringing his movable blocks to perfection), political frays, the ill-will of the priests, and tke enmity of the guild of writers, had but a troubled life of it. But, though he was persecuted, and though Faust was held as nothing better than lieutenant and vice-regent of the devil, all the early printers were not so reviled. Old Caxton was honoured as he deserved ; and cost the parish good hard money for the "iiij torches, and the belle used at his bureying." Guttenberg's small napkin-press-like printing machine has been slightly distanced now by Applegarth's machines of eight cylinders, which print twelve thousand impressions of the TIMES per hour ; by Messrs. Hoe's of ten cylinders, which print twenty thousand in the hour ; and by that other American monster, which can print twenty-two thousand double impressions in the same time. Little did the good old German philosopher and enthusiast dream of where I his invention would extend when he first hewed out his wooden movable blocks. Of gunpowder and its discoverers we need not speak. It has had its martyrs by the million, and is altogether too ferocious a compound for us to meddle with. Torricelli and Pascal, Reaumur and Fahrenheit with their barometers and thermometers, are plea santer subjects to consider ; so is Guericke, with his air-pump ; so are all the inventors of the various diving-bells, by which human beings can go down among the sea-nympths and the coral-roots, and crawl through the maize of brown, green, and purple weed, growing in tufted bowers among the arches of the wrecks. The latest of these diving-bells is the American Nautilus, where the ballast or descending power is water, and where the air for breathing is condensed. This American Nautilus seems to be about the greatest success yet made in the diving-bell department, allowing men to remain under water longer than any other contrivance hitherto devised, and with less risk of accident of suffocation. For the race of automata we confess to little absolute sympathy ; though, relatively, both as furtherances to the science of pure mechanics, and as examples of skill and ingenuity, they are not without con- siderable value. They are among the earliest and most universal creations of man. India, China, and Japan, all have them in some or other form ; Egypt and Greece both dealt largely in them for their mysteries and imitations. Greece, indeed, patronised them for pleasure, witness the Wooden Region, made ' bv Archy tas of Tarentum; the Homeric Tripods; the Vcnuses, that had to be tied up at night to prevent their rambling about unbidden; and other things, which will readily be found by classical scholars not afraid of " roots." Then there were various and sun- dry automata in the Dark Ages ; Friar Bacon's Brazen Head was one, and the thirty years' similar labour of Albertus Magnus was another-that head, which, when it began to speak, Thomas of Aquinas broke to pieces, under fear and pain of the devil, as usual. Poor Alex of Provence fared badly with his invention. He had discovered the fact that two in- struments tuned in unison were what we should now term harmoniously sympathetic. He made an automaton skeleton, placed it in the window, put a guitar in its hand, and played another instrument, tuned in unison, and set at a distance. The automaton skeleton moved its fingers ; sounds were heard from the guitar ; the populace believed it was all a work of magic and witchcraft ; and poor Alex and the skeleton were burnt together, by com- mand of Parliament. This was in 1674-think, reader ! Not yet two hundred years ago ! Vaucan- son's Duck was a grand triumph over all sorts of diffi- culties. Every bone was anatomically correct, and the duck did all that a live duck should do ; eat, drank, dabbled with its beak in the true, quick, duck- like magner, moved it wings, and even quacked. It did more than this, too ; but we need not particu- larise further. Droz the elder, made a writing boy ; Droz the younger, a pianoforte boy ; and Droz the elder got caught by the Spanish Inouisition, and nar- rowly escaped with his life. It was a dangerous amusement in those days to fashion automata that could, by any possibility, be supposed to be imps or familiars ; and as even a pet dog or a tame toad might bring a person to the stake as a necromancer, what risks must have hung round a self-moving skeleton, or a brazen head that could sneak with a human voice ! The Chess-player, invented by De Kempelen was the most celebrated of all the later uutomata ; but this, however, turned rather upon the clevemess of sleight-of-hand than upon the wonders of me- chanics, and ranks more as a trick than as a matter of science. De Kempelen also made a speaking automaton, which said distinctly, " Romanorum. Im- perator semper Augustus ;" " Leopoldus Secundus;" " Vous etes mon ami ;" " Je vous aime de tout mon coeur." He had long laboured at this piece of me- chanism, but could only get the simple utterance of the sounds o, ou, and e : i and u would not come at any price, neither would the consonants. Then he devised an apparatus, similar in action and construction to the human mouth and teeth, and this he placed at the extremity of the vocal tube. Good 'French and Latin were the results. The Americans also made a speaking machine, but the inventor, Mr. Reale, destroyed his work of sixteen years, in a moment of what people call "frenzy." Afterwards, in 1846, Professor Faber exhibited in the Egyptian Hall his Euphonia, which is held to be the best speaking automaton of all. Houdin is our latest wonder in the mechanical way ; but every one knows everything about him : his singing nightingale, ma«ic boxes with rings in them that no mortal hands ever put there, his drawing figure, which so ominouslv broke its pencil when it began the crown for the young Count de Paris, his tricks, and his triumphs; his marvels with cards,"eggs, birds, hats, bottles, and extinguishers. We have them all off by heart, and pleasant lessons they were to learn, too ! Well ! of these mechanical inventions, excepting the questionable reputation that clung round Albertus Magnus, and the unhappy fate of Alex, there are none to whom an indiscriminating public showed Marked ingratitude; while, in later days, fame, honour, and riches have heaped themselves' up in overwhelming piles, on the heads of those who have showed inventive talent or mechanical skill. We the advocates of human nature as a whole, are glad of this, as confirmatory of our own theory. There is no use in talking of the various schemes for aerial ships, or of the thousand and one balloons that, have been sent up on new principles and with perfect good faith that each of those new principles was going to inaugurate a new era in air navigation. Perhaps aerial ships will be actual, commercial, and trading facts, before long ; perhaps the London General Balloon Company will take the place of the London General Omnibus Compony, with stations on the roof-tops of certain accommodating British, house- holders. Excepting the martyrs of the experiment, beginning with Icarus and ending with his American imitators of the other day, aerial navigation has not been a very ill-used pursuit. To be sure, people do say that they are all cracked who think it can ever be made of positive every-day use : but then every new thing has been a sign of madness from time im- memorial, and there is no reason why this new thing should be exempt. Roger Bacon and the Marquis of Worcester were both thought to be mad when they foreshadowed steam-engines and telescopes ; Para- celsus was evilly looked on for the sake of his new drug, opium; and Napier of MerehiBton, when he asserted that he could set ships on fire by a burning glass, sail under water, by help of a certain machine dsstroy thirty thousand Turks without the risk of losing one Christian, manure profitably with common salt, and calculate by logarithms, was held as little better than a maniac, if not a wizard, which was worse. Rupert and his experiments fared better. But then Rupert was a prince, closely connected with the blood royal, and royalty in those days meant something more than taking off one's hat, or standing while the national air was played. Rupert did many noticeable philosophic things, fiery soldier of fortune though he was ; he brought forward Van Seigen'a invention of mezzotint, made the toy called Prince Rupert's drops, which no one can rightly explain even now ; blew up rocks and mines under water, made an hydraulic machine, improved the naval quadrant, made glass at Chelsea, cast hail shot, and devised the useful metal since called " Prince's metal." He worked luxuriously at Windsor Castle, of which his cousin, Charles the Second, appointed him governor ; and there, in his apartment swords and crucibles, rapiers, retorts, spurs, and mathematical instruments lay scattered all about in a confusion be- fitting his multiplex life. The first watchmaker was a great man. Was he accused of witchcraft, and burned at the stake for tampering with the mysterious laws of life and motion ? We do not know : he might have been. And John Harrison of Faulby, the country carpenter's uneducated son, and the maker of the first marine chronometer, was a great man too ; and he did not suffer by his invention. Quite the contrary ; for he got twenty thousand pounds for it, when, after forty years' incessant labour, he had fully perfected it, and made it the reliable creation that it is now. No, all the inventors and discoverers have not suf- fered. True, Columbus was ungratefully treated, and Galileo knew (under a dominant priesthood) more of the superstition and cruelty than of the recognition and gratitude of men ; but all have not been so evilly handled. To William Hervey no one has grudged honours, though to be sure poor Servetus was burned, partly for disproving the theory then existing that the veins carried the blood to the various parts of the body, a disproval afterwards confirmed by Harvey. Dr. Jenner has his statue and his colleges, and rewards were not wanting even in his lifetime. Lady Mary Wortley Montagu had a harder fight to go through than fell to his lot, and yet she was vic- torious in the end. To Newton and Herschel, Lord Rosse and Le Verrier, to Neipce, Daguerre, Fox, Talbot, and Wheatstone, to . Brewster and Davy, the world owes great and glo- rious benefits; but we never heard of any disposition to repay those benefits with ingratitude. So, after all, men and women are not so bad as it sometimes suits bystanders to say, and humanity is of smoother skin than the cynical will allow. Was not Watt honoured ? Did not George Stephenson find backers, friends, and disciples? Did not Arkwright, the Bolton barber, make a colossal fortune ? And what would be the Peels and the Marshalls, the Hargreaves and the Cromptons, if their ancestors had not been inven- tors? Ah, well ! humanity has something to answer for here ; for the machinery inventors, the men who have made straps and wheels and pulleys do the work of living thews and sinews, have seldom got well off in the outset. They interfered with existing rights, with a man's vested interest in his own muscles, and consequently had every working hand dead against them, at all events for a time, and until the sum of comparative advantage was pretty clearly made out. Hargreaves, the inventor of the spinning-jenny, died at Nottingham in great poverty and distress ; Crompton's mule was taken to pieces for safety against the mobs, warring and raging against all new-fangled machinery; Cartwright was defrauded ; the elder Peel had his carding-machines broken, and was finally driven out of the country where he lived ; Jacquard, the great benefactor of all figure-pattern weavers, made no fortune by his invention, but left his family in such poverty that they were obliged to offer for sale the golden medal which Louis the Eighteenth had given him. The Chamber of Commerce at Lyons generously bought the medal, and gave twenty-four pounds for it-being exactly four pounds more than the intrinsic value of the gold ! Earlier than all this, we find Lee, the first stocking-weaver, dying in Paris, heart-broken by poverty and disappointment ; while, later, John Lombe is poisoned by the Italians, whose secret of silk-weaving he stole and transplated into England. No : the history of machine inventors is not, on the whole, satisfactory ; for we rarely find that those who originated an idea got anything by it excepting persecution and hatred, while all the great fortunes made, have some sly taint or other in some out-of-the-way corner, where only the most prying and impolite of biographers would think of looking. Even the highest names are not quite stable, and in the most portly bankers' books may be found a few dog's eared pages with a smirch and a stain over the larger figures. Street gas-lighting had a hard day of it once, when a committee of the Royal Society, ap- pointed by government, met to decide on its merits. It was almost hunted to the death then, and tossed over to the kites and crows. Brougham, Davy, Wollaston, and Watt, were all dead against the pos- sibility of such a plan. Brougham bitterly ridiculed Accum the chemist, and one of the upholders and believers in the idea; and Sir Humphrey Davy asked, with a scientific sneer, if the dome of St. Paul's were to be taken as a gasometer? Frederick Albert Winsor and his scheme stood their ground ; and after the due and proper amount of badgering which such an inno- vation must expect, the point was gained, and London was lighted with gas. This was in 1825 ; though the first triumphant experiment of lighting St James's Park had been made three years earlier, namely, in 1822. But we have not come to the end of street-lighting yet ; though, indeed, nothing has hitherto been dis- covered which can satisfactorily supersede coal gas. But it has to come, being among the future "destinies" of science. The patent air-light (from hydro-carbon mixed with atmospheric air) cost thirty thousand pounds in the experiments which were made, to see if it would do better than gas-but it failed ; and though the lime ball, the Bude, and the electric lights are all flaming successes in themselves, they are all too expensive for the open streets and public build ings. Still we may be very sure that street lighting, like many other things, is in its infancv, and that, when it comes to maturity, it will be widely different to what it is now, The question is stirring, evidently. We hear of sun- dry working chemists poring over all sorts of calcula- tions and analyses, preparatory to setting the world in ablaze with a new light; we may rest assured that our gas-lamps will be blown out, and some new fashioned flames take their place. It is the way of the world-the way by which all inventions have fought, risen, culminate-, and gone out, when a better thing has been discovered.-All the Year Round. 