FOOTFALLS FROM ANOTHSR WORU>< SPEBITÜAUSII, or the belief that it is possible for ; mortals to hold intercourse with the spirits of the dead, has made astonishing progress within the last few years, both in the old and the new world, but principally in the latter The idea has been taken up, there by a host of \- charlatans and schemers, the exposure of whose trickeries has tended in a great measure to -cast discredit on the statements and theories of more reliable and trustworthy persona who bare no object to serve but the erase of truth. It has been thought by many who are opposed to the theories of spiritualism that having suc- cessfully exposed the tricks and jugglery that had been practised by those who made use of it for the purpose of extracting money from the pockets of the -creduloes and unwary, the whole thing was disposed of. But this is not the case. The plan tthat has sprung up lives, notwithstanding that the parasites by which it was surrounded have been destroyed. The rapid progress that a belief in spiritualism is making is conclusively shewn by the number of newspapers which are now published in the United States to advocate its principles, and the far larger number which give a very pro- minent place to details and reporta in coonee, tion with its progress. The names, too, of men of ability and standing who have given in their adhesion to the belief, is sufficient to convince any unprejudiced mind that there must be more in it than is allowed bj its opponents, or than is generally supposed by those who have hitherto paid little attention to the statements put forward by its advocates. Clergymen", law- yers, doctors, statesmen, and men of respecta, bility in all grades of society, are to be found among thoso who believe in spiritualism. We are merely stating facts as to the progress it has made and is still making, without presum- ing to offer an opinion as to the truth or otherwise of the <belief itself. Many of the statements put forward by the spiritualists are vouched for by authorities quite as good as those on which tho world generally is induced to found its belief on things not within its immediate cognizance or know- ledge, and it certainly is no answer to the conclusions to be drawn from those facts, when we are told by thoso who have taken no pains to investigate the matter, that the whole thing is a sheer piece of imposture and that all those who testify to the alleged facts are unworthy of belief. It may possibly be that 'the advocates of spiritualism are the sub- jects of a peculiar idiosyncrasy ; it may be that they are suffering from a diseased or over-excited cerebral organisation ; it may he that thoy have been deceived by appear- ances.; but it is almost beyond credibility that many hundreds of persons living in far distant localities, and having little or no communica- tion with each other, shonld conspire to con- coct and palm off on the world a massof entirely unfounded statements. The whole subject pre- sents to the psychologist a wide fi old for in- quiry.;-and it is not unlikely that a clever and unprejudiced man might succeed in tracing most of the facts or alleged facts, on which a belief in spiritualism rests, to undue excite- ment, montai and physical, owing in a great measure to the constant strain which the facul- ties ore forced to enduro in a community so constituted as is soctety in America, whore almost every man has - his menial powers tuxed to the utmost. We copy from the Neto York Tribune of March l-6.fi, the following extraor Unary state- ment, preferring to take the account from that journal rather than from an avowed organ of spiritualism : " For several days past there has been a re- markable story afloat about town which, as in all similar instances, has been highly exagge- rated. Yet even allowing for these exaggera- tions, the factB or the suppositions-which ever thoy be-as related by one of the principal actors, are of themselves strange enough to satisfy the most inveterate admirer of the mar ' vellous ;' and as the story has been solemnly asseverated before a mixed company of some twenty persons, and afterwards re-a'lcd and re- peated so much as to be almost the town talk, we are committing no impropriety, wc trust, in .tating the circumstances, as far as we have been .ble to discover them. " To understand the circumstance of thiä remarkable case the more fully, the road er should understand that Dr. Cogswoll, tho effi- cient librarian of tbe Astor Lñbiary, has been for some time engaged in the compilation of a complete catalogue of the library. Although over a year since it was commenced, the work has only reached to the letter P. Dr. Oogswell is an unmarried man, and occupies a sleeping apartment ia the upper part of the library, tho janitor residing in the basement. It is the rulo of tho library to dismiss visitors at sunset, and during the evening and night no indivi- dual besides Dr. Cogswell and tho janitor and his family remain in the building. " Against the advice of his friends. Dr. Cogswoll devotes hours of night that should be given to repose, to the pursuance of his work on tho catalogue. Naturally anxious to hasten forward its completion, and fired with all the enthusiasm of a professed bibliopole, his labours- in this tedious and difficult task are almost incredible. At the same time thc work is of that dry statistical character which is by no means suggestive pf fanciful apparitions, nor is the indefatigable compiler a man easily swayed by the passing delusions of the eye or brain. "Sotna'two weeks ago, Dr. Cogswell was at work tts usual on the catalogue. Ic was about ll o'clock at night, and having occasion to refer to some books in a distan', part of the library, be left his desk, took his candle, and, as he had often done'before, pursued his course among the winding passages toward the desired spot. But before reaching it, while in an alcove, in the south- west part of the older portion of ' the building, he was startled by seeing " a man, respectably dressed in citizen's clothes, snrveying a shelf of books. The doctor supposed it to be a robber who had secreted himself for the purposo of abstracting soma of tho valuable works in tho library; after stepping back-behind a partition for a moment, he again moved cautiously forward to catch a glimpse of the individual's face, when to his surprise he recognised in the supposed robber.the features of Mr. Robert H. Sands, who had lived in the immediate vicinity of the library, and who had died some eighteen months ago ! It should be borne in mind that 'the deceased person, was a mere casual acquaintance of Dr. Cogswell, not an intimate friend, and since his death Dr. Cogswell had not thought oí him. "But the apparition was in the presence of a man not easily scared. The librarian, so far from fainting or shrieking, as might reasonably; be expected, calmly-addressed the ghost : " * Mr. Sands,' said he, < yon seldom, if «ver, visited this Library -while living. Why do you trouble us now when dead ?' " Perhaps the .ghost did not like the sound of the human voice ; anyway it gave no answer, but disappeared, " The next day Mr. Cogswell thought over the matter, attributed it to some optical delu- sion, and in the evening proceeded with his work es usual. Again he wished to refer to some books, and again visited the south- western alcove. There again, as large as life, was the ghost,'very calmly and placidly survey- ing the shelves. Mr. Cogswell again spoke to itï " . Mr. Sands,» said he, * again I ask you, why you who-never visited the Library while living, trouble it now when dead ?' " Again the ghost vanished, and the un- daunted librarian pursued his task without in- terruption. The next day he examined the shelves before which the apparition had been seen standing, and by a singular coincidence, found that they were filled with books devoted to demonology, witchcraft, magic, spiritualism, &e.; Some of these books are rare tomes, seve- ral centuries old, written in Latin, illustrated with quaint diagrams, and redolent of mystic- ism; while on the next shelves are their younger brethren, the neat spruce works of modern spiritualists, of Brittan, Davis, Ed- monds, and others. The very titles on these mystic books are suggestive. There are the Prophecies or Prognostications of Michael Nos- tradamus, a folio published in London in 1672; AlbamasardeConjectionibus; Kerner's Majikon; Goodwin's Lives of the Necromancers ?; Glanvil on Witches and Apparitions ; Cornelius Agrippa; Bodin's Demonomania; Lilly's Astro- logy, and others, a. perusal of any of which would effectually murder the sleep of a person of ordinary nerve for at least half-a-dozen nights. It was these volumes that appeared to attract the apparition. " The third night Mr. Cogswell, still deter- mined that the shade, spirit, delusion or effect of indigestion-whatever it night be-should not interfere with his duties, again visited the various books to which he wished to refer to, and, when occasion demanded, did not fail to approach the mystic alcove. There again was the apparition, dressed precisely as before, in a gentleman's usual costume, as natural as lifo, and with a hand raised, as if about to take down a book. Air. Cogswell again spoke : " ' Mr. Sands,' he said boldly, ' this is the third time 1 have met you. Tell me if any of this class of books now disturb you ; if they do, I will have them removed.' " Eut the ungrateful ghost, without acknow- ledging this accommodating spirit on the part ! of its interrogator, disappeared. Nor has it boen seen since, and the librarian has continued his nightly researches since without interrup- tion. " A few days ago at a dinner party at the house of a well-known wealthy gentleman, Mr. Cogswoll related tho circumstances as above recorded, as nearly as we can learn. As some 18 or SO people were present, the remarkable story of course was soon spread about. A num- ber of literary men, including an eminent his- torian and others, heard the recital, and though they attribute Mr, Cogswell's ghost-seeing to, thc strain and tension of bis nerves during his j too protracted labours at the catalogue, they yet confess that the story has its remarkable phases. Both Mr. Cogswell and tho deceased physician were persons of a practical turn of mind, and always treated the marvellous ghost- stories sometimes set afloat with deserved contempt. And, 83 they were not at all intimate, it will be at least a curious question for thc psychologist to determine, why the idea of this deceased gentleman should come to Mr. Cogswell's brain and resolve itself into an apparition, when en- gaged in dry, statistical labours, which should effectually banish all thoughts of the mar- vellous. "Acting on the advice of several friends, Mr. Cogswell is now absent on a short trip to Charleston to recuperate his energies. His in- defatigable industry, his devotion to the in- terests of the Library, and his great efficiency D3 a librarian, render it highly desirable that he should enjoy recreation and repose, and not en- danger his health by a too close application to his duties. In regard to the apparition we will make no comments, but give the story as related by Dr. Cogswell, as we are creditably informed, and it has already been talked about in various literary and domestic circles in this city." The " experience," ns it is called, of those who profess to bo spiritual " mediums," takes a very wide range-from the absurd and ludicrous to tho scientific and philosophical, and, as might have been expected, generally derives its tone and colouring from the character and pursuits of the " medium" himself. A portion of the "experience" of Professor Agassiz, is thus re- lated in The Spiritual Magazine: Agassiz bad boen deep!; cogitating on a fossil which had been recently discovered, having new and remarka- ble peculiarities. It was apparently the o 'nnectiog link between vertebrata and the lower animals, ag thc mud- fish from Africa, exhibited in the Crystal Palace, is the connecting link between fishes and reptiles; but what was mortifying and puzzling to him was, that the very fart of the foe si which s" onld bave shewed the most interesting part was covered with the strong deposit in which it had been embedded. Whilo pondering tho subject in bcd, he fell asleep, and in a dream he was delighted to have the whole hidden pirt, and all ita mechanism and differences, clearly dis- played before bia eyes, and, betides, to seo intuitively tho exact place whioh it filled iu comparativo anatomy. Ho awoke in the morning with the subject fresh in his mind ; bat, alas, no sooner dil he try to recall it than the whole of what he had seen vanished from bis memoiy, and nil ho could remember was that be bad seen it in its most satisfactory extent. Tbe next nigh',1 again thinking deeply of it, he fell asleep, and.tho whole scone was again presented before bis mind. He deter- mined to try to remember it, and to make an effort to awake; but ba still ulept OD, ODd in the morning bad again forgotten all that be bad desired to re- member. Hu determined, if he Bbonld over dream of it again, that he would make the strongest efl" rt to awaken, and have paper by his bedside on which to fix the in'or mation. Accordingly, on going to bed, he placed some paper nnd a pencil beside h m, again thinking of bis wonderful fossil, when what was bis delight, daring his sleep, at finding the wbo'e, for n third time, dearly pic- tured before him. Now then, to awake and transfer it to the, paper t Bat no; he still slept on, and in the morning was distressed beyond measure to find that the wbolu had entirely vanished from his memory. In this disconsolate state he commenced to dross, bat bad not proceeded far when bis eyes fell on tbe paper and pencil by his bedside, and, going to them, be was astonished to find apon tba paper an acurato drawiig of the complete fossil, with all it« pails. It was, in fact, the picure of his viilon.anci gav." him again all he had seen ia his sleep. He j tells thia, himself, and say« that he . cannot account Tor tbe picture being there-whether he got np and did it himself, or whether it was dona by other means with wbiob oar readers who are acquainted with direct spirit, writing are familiar. Haying secured tbe- drawing, the I professor eompirdd it with tba fossil, and, as his crn riosity was now largely excited, be ventured on endea- vouring to uncover that part of it «hieb was concealed under tbe stony deposit. Applying a fine chisel to the part, be waa fortunate enough to remove the covering, and there waa displayed before bis eyes the asset coun- terpart of bis picture, and bis three dreams. Wery few persons will, we imagine, come to I'the conclusion that spirits had anything to do with the " accurate drawing of the complete fossil" mentioned above, and probably Professor Agassiz himself would hesitate to admit that he was indebted for any considerable portion of his j 'knowledge of fossil anatomy to *' direct spirit I writing." ! 