HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. Taunseoay, AUouoa 23. hor. Adams presented a petition from ten proprietors of private schools, praying that the advantages proposed to be given to three su perior schools may he extended to them. Mr. Adams presented a peoitloi from Mr. A. H. Swift. withi respect to a stone quarry at Taylor's tny, tirunt. A petition presented by Mr. Chapman from Andrew IHeavy. a ilta nontractor, withdrawn in consemoonce'of an objectionable plauso. The Report of the Inspector of the Inter colonial Telegraph Line on the State of the caben was pdroduod by thu Colonial Treasurer, anod ordered to bo printed. Mr. Meredith asked the Colonial Treasurer whether Mr. R; H. Davies, Deputy Clerk of the Peace. est been thrown on thd pension list, and his olfice given to Mr. Rookh, tie brother of the presont member for Deloinraio p The Colonial Treasurer said Mr. Davies had appled, several months slne. to be placed on the pension list in consequence of his state of health, which application was fortified by the usual certificates, and the Execuotroraeolvnd to comply with hit application. In reference to the appointment of Mr. Rooke, the hon. member was under the impression that no or. rangemnenta had yet been concluded, but it was in contemplation of the local government to appointe Mr tlooko to the omicn. Air htilter'i resolutions on Superior Educa tion deferred ti Thursotoy. The resolutions brott glt forward ly. Mr. Sherwin as to the Duke of Newcastin's despatch on the laws relating to marriaga postponed, after it brief discussion. .'OTATO AID, Air Crooeos, 'O leave given, brought in a Bllt for the gradual abolition of state aid, oad said Its prioiple was thiqt clergymen who now hold otiles and receive state salaries should hold them while' they lived. Reoad lfirst time and- ordered to be printed, and second rendintgfixed for Tuesday next. MN. Ciootens. The motionoof Mr. Miller as, tol the din. qualification of the lion. member furLaun restottto sit in that lHoupe, by reason of his being a tminister of rreligion within the meaning of tle 15th section oftthe Cotlitit tional Ant, hqviiig been called on, a dis. cussion onsusi as to the form and tinm of its i ntrodi t14.' flie Colonial Treasurer t'protebil~tltitt~n nafan~er he referred to the Toimittoco ofd , eetina and. Qualilenations, but inasmuih as tOle vacancies, three in number, had tt been filled up this session, he gaie nootice ItrTuesday next Mr. Miller, considering t01at it was a matter to be ils. 'posed of 00-seoe es pesslde, waished to give onotire for to marrow, but after a fow re marks, by thli Colonial Treasurer, ho said sold seultg the difliculties thrownin nhis way lie wotuld relsotile qutestion at once that a stranger was in thu loosn. Mr. CChapman Snggested that the hon. inemtber sitould gato lils point of order and ;sit down.ii Mr. Miller-MIy point of order Is that the hon. memsiier' for Launceston, Air. Crookes, is an otliclating preacher and teacher of the Wlesinyact Chtreti,:nnil as suitchromes wirthin ties purirlew of the 1t htl cliiisn of time Coniti Ithutiol Act. Mr. Crookes-I submit it sa queation of privilege, and not of order. The Spoiiter-A question of privilege is a poinit of order.' _of course, fiii aming itty opilnion nt this subject 1 miast glven it ac cording to authority; oad the only authority is the Constitutional Act, the 15th clause of which is "Tio tlouse of Assembly shtll consist of thirty elected members, and itny pnrsun (ex cepit ito hiereinafter exceplted) sfitll his aoua bin of boeing alerted aititember nf Olin ltousn of Assemibly who shall be a natural born or naturalized subject of her Majesty, or legally made a denizen of Van Dienton's Lind : Provided that no judge of the Supremii Court or sinister if reliion shail be eapable of being elected a uteiusher of the House of Assembly." Now the aimpto qesation is -whether a gon. tlmano orryinoo business, andoccasldnally preaching conositutes a ,, minister offroll glon." 1 thsitekn the proper. sense of tho word it does not. That's my opinion'' bit of courso It can be put to the house. SAir. Sherwin desired permission to read a definition fraim a dietionary (Webster), but was called to order by Mr. Gregson. Air. Miller appealed to itie house. The bon, member for Selby had desired just now to read an extract from W~ebster withi a dettition of a " minister of religion," but ho (Mr. Miller) believed that a person exerci slng ministerial functions in a ehapoli or church wis aI minister of religio .VThere could be no doubt hoi(Atr. Miller) labored under somo disadvantago from the fact that all dissenting preachers woronot until lattly recognised by tiio English law, conoequently taopould' not dedido by the legal definitton given in Englisb-statutes, blt,' judging by analogy he should any a local preacher of the Wesleyan' Church did come strictly withn'theo 1th section;. Thie hon. member referred to the loth Goo. 3, which spoke of of a person auithorised to be a yreacher or teacher of a dissentiog congregation, sod lit should liluc'to ask'tbo: lioen. member whetther ho was authorised' to -be a preacher or a teacher of-a dissenting congregation ? Then, by analogy they might form ano pinton *Mr. Gregson proposed that tist lion, inom ber (lMr. Crookes) ahoald withdras during the discussion, and ho referred to the stand ing-orders onuthe point.-. The Speaker said thio cals was not ansla gous, as thilswas not a chargs against the lion, member. DMr. Gregson-I-think 'fit pa charge,' a very grave charge. -- - - -" Mr. Stiller was "sorry Ilhs bh-'. member- fer Riehmond' had' 'msde thu' no,4e.-.htuit, as - it would bt unsfair to the s hon uolmber. He alluded to the statuto to remove doubts as to the oligibility -of'persoos -ino holy orders -to sit in the House of Purliamons i;and said as is this Parlioment they excluded dissenting mini. sters, they bad to drrive at a"conclusion as to the definition of dissenting-ministers t and he 'vas of opinion that if they could show that the-hon. member had proached and performed Divine serviceaccordiog to thbfforms and rules of his own Church, It would beconclusivo that ho was a ministerof rollgon. . What was tho conssitution of ith0 Weseyian 'Church, and what constituted a preacher of tte Gospel P Had ho not a celi ? 'Had he not',made a solemn declaration that hoehad as eull to preaeh the Gospel P If the boo.- member -(Mr. Crookees) hd declared publicly that fib had a call by the Italy Ghost to preach the Gospel, -ho (Mr. Miller) maintoaled that ho-wos, and to his dying day would remaln, a minlster of religiono. For the reasons 'he- had orged ht moved that the seat of thu bon. mohmberfor Launceston, Mr. Crookes, was vacant, and had been In consequenee of the hon. member' being a minister of religion.' Mr. Meredith seconded. - -Thu Speaker pat thu questroh asurollows-.. "Thatthis Hooss o s uopiion shst At Cruohes is a minister of religion withis 'the proviso of the 15th seeton of the Constltution Act, and that ho is therefore Incapable of holding a seat to this House." The Col. Treasurer 'thoughlt that what ever the lion. member had established or' not established, he had established this, that lie was notin a position to be a member of the judicial committec to which this should bo referred. lit did not wish this House to be taken by surprise. Evidently the hon. tmentber had come prepared to sutpport a. predetermIned positloit ' this qucotion, while other members of the House had not been prdpared. He did not wish the house ts be precipitated Itto~taklog otis coorse or another, nd its wished the decision to be arrived at to ho such us to guide them on -future occasions, because they were estab lishing aprecedent to refer bagle to in future cases. Besides, the reasons eurged In support of the motion condemned the leading mems 'her of one denomination to exclusion from seats in that House, and had such a motion prevailed in the previous council, It would havoihad the effect of excluding one of the most- valuable members of the hound; Mr. Gleadow, the member for Launceston. Thi moution hoe had to submilt wan in aecordaumo wltls-tls views Iti had expressed,-oa liu did not wish thu House to be' precipitated :. "That thu questioti be referrea to the comm, mitteo of elections and qiualfications, abd that the vacancIes in that committee be filled op.'-" Mr. Merodith was satisfied there was an evident desire on thte partof the Government to burke this question altogether (no, 0n, and liear, hoar). Tim sooner tho question was put at rest the better, not only for the \- sake of the IIouse, but for the sakeo `f the public. As it stood now, lie (Mtr. Meredith) and other hon. members thought theo ito. member (Mtr. Crookes)'wus not qualified to, sit in that House., He hoped the commuittee would be properly consttinuted. Mr. Cohen asserted ihst such a qluestion wos got up for ponty puirposes., Thu bon. memher hod beon s member of ihat House for three years, and why had not the question been raised befors P It appeared to him that hon. members wlhed by a side wind to got rid of the'hon. member for Launceston, but if the hon. member had to leave the House, which is truintd ho would not, ho boo, member to slhs etlhr side wosld not ho ablo to add anotetlr to their naimes (a Iough). Tiho hon. mumbor (Mr. Miller) had quoted several works, but t only referred to Ito Churches of Eng. land and Scotland, und not to members of tho Wesleyan - Body. 110u (Sir. Cohen) took it thIt In the generol 1cceptotloo p'1' minister of religion" ee ly applied -to thu 'pevsos In charge of some congregation, hbut such was not the fort, as his boo. friend, ns every member must ho aware,-was leuding a cuommecilol ifeo, and net tholIirs ofa n oniltor efretigion. \- Mr. Meredith, in raply to the 'remark of the losat speaher, repeatnedt lellt lis stated yesterday tlhst hiso atteniion had lbeen dvawno to aneedier. tisemoent in that morning'spoper, and ho men tioned th incm ter the same doeel og surely hoi could net hbrong It foncard earlier. Dr. Officer. Mr. V. Arcelr, Me. Oregano, Dr. Busiler, Mlr. Allison, and' Air. Llpscaisibu teok port to the sebaehss. Mr. Chapman Intended to vote against ihlu amendment of the Col.-Treasurer, and also rho original motion. The law was that all com. t'imts of the eudue return of members should bo popn petitlion within~ saves tdaysof the roeour 50tlo IthHouso.' Hu reed ihe 126thl cluass of thu Electoral Act, and said the proper place to try the question well the Supremo Court. (lir. Gregson-Ill take it there.) lIe did not believu the question could h e entertained by thle Iloust. The Speakeir put the questlout that iha words proposed to bo loft out do stand part of the question, wheu Mr, Stiller; asked -leave to witdisraw hIs motion. AMr. Chipman declined an~d the Speoer pat thu sam. quiesties, and thu Ayes, 1. wh Ha oer; 22, blaeiosa idler, amlid cenalderablo laoghiler. ' - 'file Huss thon odjaarnhd ainttl -surto \- t h oe.~~ AlDlOTTg aCt~LAINit Co daysix mlzonthsl. After a long debatlo it tieB pointed out by the Ceolon.'l-reaourer that by section 33 of the Constitutional Act the Bilbcould not hI introduced except by con sent of the Governor. The Bill was conse quently withdrawn, and the House in comn ieittce agreed to anl address to the Governor to iotroduce Cthe Btill. The Black Swan and Franking Bills were read second time. Adjourned to Friday. 