HUNTING. .T« KJ/DOtTUIVE MMT nr.tr-n -»«.*»^.o cro, M IS'-^-^.y'' .»'«»»» wni dTubtle'L be crowded with Enplish fporUnir no«s Ibl, week, I shall not attempt to make a long story of tho abort (thoui h K.od) run wo hud on SaUird.y kst. Moreover, as it ?r«°n.° '??? ° monthIy holiila.v nflcrnoonRtobo afforded o those citizens who can only get a look at tho hounds uy such n chance, und not therefore ranking as a drat class meet with the regulars, tho ' Ghost' m'KIU git h I. knuckles rapped if ho ranked it as enual tn (!,„ i™. »r „ real hunting day. Sudice it then to'suv, that the mus ter at the 8,. Slid. Park Gato was almok as numerous and diversified ns the famous Salt-IIiU meet with Her Majesty s, for at two o'clock there were no leas than one hundred nnd twenty-seven horsemen, several faircques tnan«,nnda perfect cavalcade of vehicles, from aristo cratic to humble car. Bythe-bye, deponent cannot but Maine several of the club lor coming out in 'mufti' instead of scarlet, for they should bo proud of showing '.''.'?y b,0lIy- ™hc members of the hunt h»ving had a jolly lurch at the master's, and tho general 'croVd' a hearty feed nt Host Hml's, the hounds came iocginc down the lane, and forwards tho grand procession marched along the Dandenong Uoad. Half-a-milo from llio old Kennels, the pack wero thrown on to the heath at the left, nnd before tho century of tvroa knew what waa up. awnydashid their hor«ea wllly-milly lifter tho lirat flight men who had kept in advance. I ho quarry, of course, was a ' b«gman,' and ono who has given many a brilliant chnso on similar occasions; n^r is it any dl-grnce to fnllow close on tho difficult line that ' UuBlimari,' otherwise the 'old lied Deer' in variably runs. This time ho went game as ever, and few indeed, of tho host mounted men could kcepneartho hounds, at tbii racing pace they flew on ins trail Ulnckliiy, Jumbn, Boblij, Humbler, and Ivanhoo, wero iheonly horses that really went straight, nnd of these nil but old Blnckboy got into less or more difficulties: as for the rest of the field, they tumbled about like nine- pins, each enclosure nuking t'heir numbdr 'small by degrees, nnd dirtily 'ess!' About four milei above Onkleigh, our 'deer' ran to earth (what would Charles Uavia say to this phrase?) and by hook und crook. Inne. and broken panels, -\bout forty fellows got up within Qve minutes afterwards, NIMROD'S GHOST. 