WILD MR WILL. A STORY THAT WAS HUSHED UP. ar QEOIIOE AUGUSTUS 8ALA. A Christmas party was gathered round a Are— a leaping, roaring, jovial coal fire — and^ indulging In the orthodox amusument of story-telling. We had an ancient housekeeper among us, who had known soma of us ever since we were born, and ^tha papas j«id mammas of many others of us a long time befjre Ve were born. ' Ah 1' remarked this ancient dame, when ono of our stories— I think it was a ghost story — had come to a conclusion—' it's all very easy to talK, out I. suppose there are other persons who have seen atrango tilings — aye, and cin tell strange things about em ' No doubt, ma'am,' ono of us answered j theto was the old woman who went up to the moos. : she must bavs had some uncommonly strange things ta tell.' -. ?- ' Likewise the old woman who lived in a shoe ; another took occasion to remark. ' To any nothing of the old woman who fell asleep by the Kind's highway,' a third observed, ' and was ao badly tToated by Mr Stout, tho tinker. ' Ah, ye», I d*ro3*y !' the housekeeper rrjoined bridling up, adjusting her mauy-bowed cap, and evidently in that state of temporary irritation known to young ladies at a boarding school as a 1 pet ' ' That's right 1 Teate and mock a poor lonely old body, do ! It'a very generous and manly, isn't it? It wasn't so when I lived with tho quality.' ' With whom, ma'am ?' I made bold to inquire. 'With gentlefolks!' the housekeeper retorted ii with ih. fi rat. With none of your rubbishing country f^uires : nay, nor with knights nor barrowknights neither; but with born lords and ladies. With toe very first nobility in the land, though I say it, that shouldn't—' ' Indeed, ma'am!' I interpose I in as respectful tone as I ould command, wishing to conciliate the worthy, but Bomewhat irascible old lady. ' Yes, indeed,' pursued the housekeeper. ' It isn't for nothing, pert and flippant as^ you arc, that I lived seven years and three months in the service «f my Lord Millamant.' ' I knew his lordship well,' I observed gravely ; ' that is, I have seen his portnit in the print- ahopi, and read of his achievements in the newspapers when I was a boy. He ran away with and married Miss Jaghire, the great Indian heiress, didn't he ?' ' Yea, sir, ho did.' ' He killed Sir Hargroaves Grimwood, tho West country baronet, in a duel about Lady Grimwood, didn't he ? I icmember his trial and acquittal as though they had occurred yesterday.' ' Yei, sir, he did ; but he was badly provoked. Sir Hargreaves was a sad man — -lived at tho Brim stone Coffee House, and always drank a pint of schiedara before breakfast- He wasn't the fir- ♦- tall gentleman who had beon shot about Lady Grim wood.' ' And ho died ambassador at Madrid, didn't he ? ' Yes, fir ; but that was long after I loft his ser vice. It is full forty yeara ago that I was housekeeper to the ltight Honoraole tho Earl of Millamant, Lord Lieutenant of Darkshire, and ('olonel of the Dark shire Yeomanry Cavalry, at .Cartfoil House, Hay Hill, Berkcly Square ' ' And was it there you became acquainted with any strange tale } ' The housekeeper nodded significantly. ' What may it havo b -en abou*, now, Love ? ' ' Not a bit of it,' replied tho housekeeper, ' I never could abide lovo, and wouldn't trouble my head about such nonsense. No, it wasn't the least in the world about lovo.' ' Murder, tow,' I hinted. ' Worse 1 ' said tho housekeeper, emphatically. 'Worse!' I repealed. 'What cm be worse?' I might have suggnste 1 fire, thieves, suicide, elope ment ; but I thought murder would cover a multitude of crimes. 'Now what was it, my dear, 'good eeul ? ' 'There,' resumed tho housekeeper, now tho roughly appeased, ' I sea you're all dying of curio sity to know about it, and I won't keep you any longer in susponse. Besides, thB story's a very short one. It was hvshed up at tho time, and it would have been much moro than my place was worth to breathe a word ofi; to a living soul. But the chief people concevr.evi it arc all dead. The very dog was poisoned with two ouncej of poisoned pmnch by the butcher tho day afterwards, as it, poor dumb crea ture, he could have wagged a tail to compromise any body.' ' But wa havn't heard who the dog was, or tho butcher either -,' I broke in, I am afraid somewhat impatiently- ' Pray begin at the beginning, my dear madam, we're all impatienee to hear.' ' Well then,' commenced the housekeeper, settling herself comfortably in her arm ehiir, ' You shall hear all about it. Just draw your chairs closer round me, for I'm not very long of breath.' We did as the old lady desired, aud she went on thus : — 'In tho year eighteen hundred and nineteen, I was, aa I have told you, housekeeper to my Lord Millamant. The story I em telling you has to do with tho winter of that same year A bitter winter it was. Frosts three weeks long, and a deluge of mud whenever there wm a thaw. Coals, bread and meat irightfully dear. The poor crying out fit to make your heart break, and the taxes as heavy as hard, dumplings. Our taxes were paid for us, thank goodness, oven to that on tbe hair powder with which the footmen plastered their heads. We were all well fed and well cared for, for my Lord Millamant was far too proud and rich a nobleman to put ua on board wages wh»n he went out of town, and always laid that he liked to see hia aervaats plump aad rosy. It didn't matter to him how much the butcher's and biker'a bills came to. He had immense estates in Darkshire, and two or three comfortable things they used to call sinecures in those dais ; besides, wasn't there his wife, the late Miss Jaghire'a rich Indian fortune ? ' My Lord Millamant had been away from London during the hunting season. He had a pacn of hounds at Cartfoil Hall (the family name was Curtfuil) Darkshire, and bad been entertaining all the gentry of the country aide, aud many of the nobility from London, in tho true style of old Eng lish hospitality. All the grand furniture in the man sion on Hay llill had been covered up sinco Sep tember, when his lordship and her lady.hip went out of town The carpets in the grand saloons were rolled up, tho chandeliers wrapped in yellow gauze ; the picturc3 tho samo— dreadful grim old pictures there wero, of noblemen in curly wiga, and ladies in hoop petticoats nnd shociingly low dresses — and the rich silver s.rd parcel gilt plate of which my Lord Millamant, being so gr?at a nobleman, had a vast quantity, waa safe and sound in four oak chcets clamped with iron &t; Messii Doublon and Moydor'n, the bankers in Fleet street ; it was a good plan to send one's silver to thn bankers, for thero wore plenty ofhousobreakerii about in those days, arid no polios except the wheer/ old eonstablea, and the Bo.v street red waistcoats. It was on the 2 1st of December, 1819, thit your bumbbi servant receivod a post letter, frankod by Mr Tubwell, ono of the county members for Darkohire, for my Lord Millamant was always too generous with hia franks, and never had any to «pare for himjelf. The letter was from his lorilship, and in his usual kind style, though to my very great mrprise, told me that he and the Countess were coming up to apend iJhristmaa in Londoa. All the timo I had been in thiir.fernice, then f iur ; ears come that Chrip.tmas day, th e ^ 'had- kep;_.it__at Cartfoil Hall. However, there was uo mis t iking'~rhy -J-mf dV directions. He always gave them himself, for her LaByship, saving her memory, waso, io of the laziest creatures liriug, and never d:d anythirg much beyond lying on the sofa, ami talk ng -.o her grey and her green parrot. I was to have ifoa carpets laid down, tho furniture thoroughly t'usta'li all tho bads well eired ; for mj Lord was to brin ' company with him from Oark shire ; and I was to get tho plate from the bankers and have it all well cloaned for a grand banquet my Lord intended to give on Christmas day. Jinclc-ed in the letter waa a lip of paper ^containing an order to the bankeri to deliver the plato to me, or to Mr Beeswing, the but' ler ; and which, as far as I can recollcct, ran thus : — ' Cartfoil Hall, December 19th, 1819. ' Messrs Doublon and Moydor, ' Please delirer the four boxcR marked A, B, C, D, con - tninlnR tho plate left in your care, to Mrs ? , or Samuel Beeswlog, my servants, bearers of this. (8ig'.ed) ' Mn.LjLXij»v. ' There was his Lordship's aignaturo, certainly ; but romehow tho name acemed written in a larger and more tremulous hand than usual. The i's weren't dotted, nor the t's crossed in hia Lordshjp'a genfrnl siyle, but still the remainder ef tho letter was Hko enough to him, and the cover bore the Cartfoil postmark. I showed it to Mr Beeswing, who laughed at my doubts, c~-uld swear the handwriting was my Lord's through out, and said it was very likeiy that there had been m«rry doings at Cartfoil Hall during the week, that ray Lord had taken t'other bottle overnight, and that his hand was rather shaky the next morning. ' 'And you may be sure,' added Beeswing, ' that his Lordship puuished the tmall beer, if he did hava t'other bottle.' The quality drank small beor then, the morning after. Soda-water was invented, but waa thought bad for the atomach, and wasn't at all tho fashion. '? However, 'notwithstanding Beeswing's confidenco in tho letter, I wasn't quite satisfied. '1 daresay it's very nervous and silly of m«. Beeswing,' I said, ' but it behoves us all to be cartful. I shall take this letter to Wild Mr Will, ff t knows my Lord's hand well enough, and I shall see what he aaya to it.' ' Now Wild Mr Will, as wo servants, many of whom had known him since he was a baby in long clothes, called him, was to tho world in general no other than tho Honourable William Cartfoil, my Lord's younger brother. He waa a dreadfully wild young man, Mr Will. He was fond of wine, women, and dice, and all sorts of wickednesses. He had beon a captain in the Horse Guard!1, but had sold out. He had fought rcoros of duels, and killed two or threo people ; rest their souls, and be merciful to his ; but he was ono of tho merriest, best-tempered fellowa you ever knew or saw. My Lord was very fond of him, and had paid his debts and had set him up again, time out of number j but you could do nothing with Wild Mr Will. Hn win nlwM« trflttinff info irr.lnm ? and when lin Lordship had got him out again, get ting into new onea. People eaid ho lived mostly now by playing at cards and dice, and that his carryings on with the actresses at tho playhouso— the wicked, painted hussies! — wero dreadful. I know ho had borrowed money of Beeswing more than once, and had at loast two-thirda of his sister-in-law's pin money, every quarter ; but Btill no ono could help liking him, and De waa almost adored by the servants. 'I took the letter to Wild Mr Will at hit lodgings in Great Ryder street, St. James's. Ha was drinking hock with a captain of dragoons and a low wretch of a fellow that got his living by prize-fighting, but he came out on tho landing to apeak to me. I showed him the letter, and hinted at my doub;?. Stuff mid nonsense,' h« t-ried, when ho 'had read the letter twico through and held i', to tho light. ' It'o Jack L'artfoil's flst for flvo hundred guineas.' (My Lord's namo was John). ' Newmarket to tha knocker of Newgate that it'a my brother'8 hand. Nobody makes blots like these except tho ' of Millamant. Hcsides, don't you see that ho spells ' swept,' ' swep,' without tho ' t.' Jack never could spoil. Trot you away to the banker's my worthy soul, and get the plate, and polish it up nil nice and bright, for you know how particular my Lord Milla mant U, and what a pother thero will be if tho coronet doesn't come well out on the apoona and forks. There, get along with you, and there's a guinea 10 drink my henltn. Stop-mind, for safety, y. u lock the plate up in my Lady'a boudoir.' ' Of course, after tho honorable William Cart foil had given hia opinion, hesitation was no longer to be thought, of. Beeswing and I took a hackney coach to Fleet street, and the head CAshier, -*h;n he ordered one of the porters ta carry the four plate enests to tne carnage, salt), ? my ijoret a handwriting was as plain as a pike-ataff, and he thouid like to ca3h a cheque for ten thousand with such a ' Uillammt' signed oit.' He gave me— 6uch a nice gentleman aa he waa, too— a guinea to drink the health of the firm. Ah, how liberal peopie were forty years ngo ! ' We looked over tho pinto that evening, counted everything ; found all in accordance with the lists, and, with the assistance of the three housemaide, I had everything cleaned and polished up by tupper titne. Hut still I felt uneasy, I could not repress a dreadful feeling of terror at aomething ; I know not what The plate waa all locked up again, aud deposited according to Mr Will's instructions in my Lady's boudoir, which waa at tho end of a grand suite of auartments on the first floor. Thero was no door to this room, only heavy hanginga to tho doorway ; but every window in tho houae was bolted and birred up. ' .Still I felt uneasy, and, towards ten o'clock, I slipped up, and gjiug to our butcher, Mr Uhub'jy chop, in Mount street, G.-os .enor square, I borrov.-ed his well known and fierco bull dog, 'l'owicr, from him, to keep guard iu tbe house all night. One of the t/uicher'a boys brought the dog mussxled to our houso, for he was dreadfully savage, and just beforo wo went to bed, Beeswing uumuzxled him and 1st hiin loose in tho hall. ' I had dreadful dreams tbat night. I dreamed of a proneBsion of men carrying cotlini, one after tho other, in a long procession thus never eiidvd. The mor/iing came at last ; tbe youngest housemaid awoke me, and I came down to breakfast in tho still room, when in came Mr Beeswing, trembling all over, and with a face as white as chuik. ' ' For tho Lord Almighty's sake come this way,' he cried. ' He led, or rather dragged me to the boudoir ou the first floor, and there I saw a sight I thall never to my dying day forget. The rich carpot was dabbled in blood, nnd on it there Jay his length along the body of a man, storh, stiff, and dead. Hit throat had been literally torn out by tho dog, which crou hed by his side, uttering a low groivl now ami then, and licking his lips. 'In ono of tho dead man's haada was a bunch of sKoleton keys. Ono of the plate- chests had been opened, and a portion of the contents were on the floor. The men-servants bent' over tho body to raise It, when there was a cry of horror and astonishment. 'God forgive him, and U3 all ! tea recoqnised the btdy of the Honorable William Cartf*il l ' * « * « » ? - ' It was discovered afterwards that tho letter from the country was a forgery, executed, probably, by tha unfortunate end guilty man, who had died in thi* miserable manner. It was found that hehadmad» his entry by a back door leading into the mows, of which he must haye had a key, and creeping un a back staircase, had entered tho boudoir by a file door he knew well, had been heard by the dog, and so perished. ' The story wai hushed up, end it wai ropsrted and believed that young Mr Will had gone abroad and died there. ' Tho Millamant title is extinct.' How to Get out or x DirncoLTr. — In one of the populous towns near Ashton-under-Lyno, one of the volunteer rifle companies recently had a meeting for the purpose of choosing officers. A suggestion was made that all the gentlemen desir»us of becoming officers should retire during the election, when, to the general astonishment, it was found that only three mem bers of the company were left to proceed with business. The three gentlemen left to do tho work, however, did not flinch from their duty, and those who had retired were in due time summoned back to the meeting. They wero then informed that the meeting had felt great difficulty about the selection, because tha claims of all who had left the room were so con sj icuous that it seemed invidious to take one i preference to another. Under these circum stances the meeting had adopted the most obvious and satisfactory way of escaping th« difficulty by electing themselves to fill the tlire# vacant posts. A Census Problem. — During a recent debate on the immigration question in the Victorian House of Assembly, the following remark is re ported as having been made ' He (Mr O'Sha nassy) asked where did the emigrants who left this country go to. Many of them would bo found to have gone to South Australia or New South Wales, and those would be found to ba persons who never intended to settle here.' A» this is precisely the statement made both in New South Wales and South Australia concern ing the departure of their immigrants to Vic toria, the question which presents itself is wher» do all the people who are brought to the colo nies go to. Each province complains of losing its population, and blames the others for draw ing^ it away, so that tho transaction, although different in result, is something like the case°o the man who lost in all his speculations, but on account of their being so numerous was enabled to realise large profits from them. Kiproop. — If one that is a friend tell thee of thy iailings, or faults, grow not angry, nor deny the thing, nor extenuate nor excuse it, but heartily thank him, for it is a sign of a singular friendship to venture the hazard of the dis pleasure to do thee good. - I' amiliarity with nature does not ' breed con tempt it deepens our love for it ; it gives us companions wherever we are ; it beguilei uc way with pleasant talk ; we translate its word# into English ; we get a liberal education vvitk* out school manuals. 