It is not easy for the journalist or for the public to keep pace with a movement which, commencing twelve years ago, is still but in a preliminary stage ; yet the movement to which we refer-the great Chinese rebellion is one of such enormous dimensions, and involves such strange political and religious changes, that it would betoken an unaccountable apathy were we to pass it by unheeded. From time to time the China papers have given details of new operations on the part of " the rebels ;" but so utterly contradictory have these accounts been proceeding sometimes from Imperial and sometimes from Rebel chroniclers-that to read was but to confuse and bewilder. Later reports, however, have to some extent elucidated the question, and the news of the capture of Soochow by the insurgents has done more to arrest European attention than twenty previous contests. The opening up of China and Japan to the civilisation of the western world, and the creation of new markets of practically unlimited capabilities, will, in connection with the full development of steam and the rapid progress of mechanical invention, crown gloriously the second half of the nineteenth century. The producing and manufacturing power of Europe and America is equal to the wants of the world, and at the moment when this power is being expanded by means of mechanical art and skill, Asia with her countless myriads throws open to the West her ever-craving markets. And whilst the diplomacy of the United States, the military and naval forces of France and Britain, and the manifold schemes and intrigues of Muscovite policy are day by day, and year by year, breaking down and undermining the exclusiveness of Chinese races-the "rebels," as they are termed, though generally opposed by the representatives of Christendom, are perseveringly working toward the same end. The present insurrection will be deemed a wicked rebellion, or a holy crusade, just as men estimate its origin and its aims. The religious element is certainly more conspicuous than the political. The " rebels " are in many essential points Christians. They keep holy the first day of the week ; they believe in a Trinity of Derbies in one Godhead ; they style the Father, Son, and Holy Breath (or Spirit) ; they avoid faith, in the Atonement, in the Resurrection, and in a future state of blessedness. We do not suppose these things are altogether unknown to our readers, although the accounts that have been published on this subject have neither been so explicit nor are they so well remembered as to make it unnecessary to repeat them. At all events, as we have before us a Chinese paper, containing a letter just written by some American missionaries, reciting the particulars now stated, with much other matter of a kindred description, we shall not be charged with inflicting stale reminiscences upon our readers. It appears that in June last a party of Ameri- ' can ministers resolved, if possible, to penetrate into the city of Soochow, then in the hands of the insurgents. One of the writers says-" To know something of what the rebels were, what were their principles, what their creed, what their knowledge of the true God and the plan of salvation to present them with Christian books and with the Word of God in a more recent and more reliable translation than that already in their possession, and to ascertain how they intended to act towards foreigners, and particularly towards missionaries, were the objects we proposed to ourselves." The journey was performed by water, and one of the first incidents recorded of their travels is remarkable. The rebels had burnt several Roman Catholic churches, on the ground that they contained images and figures, and the mission of the insurgents being to put down idolatry, they had refused to distinguish between Pagan and Christian images ! The people in the line of march of the rebels generally opposed them, and fearful slaughter marked the whole of the insurgent track ; but as the main body of the rebels passed on, the people in the rear planted small yellow flags to indicate submission, and proceeded thereafter quietly to cultivate the soil. Large tracts of country were, however, desolated; towns and villages left heaps of blackened ashes, a few solitary dogs and animals being their only occupants. AtQung Sein, the missionaries had a favorable opportunity of ascertaining the religious opinions of the insurgents, then holding possession of that city. They celebrated Divine worship on Sundays, and sung a doxology of which the following is a copy : Praise to Shangti who is the heavenly holy Father, Praise to Jesus who is the holy Saviour. "Praise to the holy Spiritual Wind which is the Holy Ghost. "Praise to the three persons who are one true God." The following '"abstract of doctrine was given to the missionaries at Qung Sein : " In the true doctrine like the doctrines of the world ? It saves the soul of man that he may enjoy everlasting happiness. Those who are wise will diligently perform it (i.e. conform to its teachings,) and blessed are they who receive it. If a man search his heart and perceive his own sinfulness, the road to heaven is open to him. The mercy of our heavenly Father is boundless. He spared not his first born Son, but sent him down to the world to give up his life as a reason that he might forgive the sins of men. If a man know-this doctrine, repent, and depart from evil, his soul shall ascend to heaven." They use the subjoined form of Morning or Evening Prayer : " We-little ones bow down upon the earth to pray our heavenly Father the great Shangti, to grant grace, to pity to save to preserve us. Give Thou continually to us the holy Breath (or Spirit) of God to change our wicked hearts. Never let the Devil deceive us, but evermore strengthen us. Never let the Devil persecute us. We trust in the redeeming merits of the holy Saviour, the ancient Teacher who is our eldest brother in heaven. We trust also in the merits of the learned teacher of later day, the eastern King who redeems us from disease, that they may in our stead pray our heavenly Father the Great Shangti that his will may be perfectly done on earth as it is in heaven. " Look down upon us and answer our prayer. In our hearts we truly wish these things." They adopt the christian custom of asking a blessing before meals, and the following is a common form in use amongst them : " Blessing Before _ a Meal Heavenly Father the great Shangti, bless us little ones. Give us day by day clothes to wear and food to eat. Deliver us from evil and calamity and receive our souls into heaven." The main object of the missionary travellers remained, however, yet unaccomplished, namely, the visit to Soochow. At last they obtained entrance, and asked for a letter to be conveyed to " the King." The Mandarin in the confidence of the King first conversed with the missionaries. He was exceedingly anxious to know what the " foreigners," that is, the Europeans and Americans, thought of the movement, and was especially anxious to know if the French and English would oppose their march upon Shanghai. He asked whether it would satisfy the foreigners if they (the insurgents) were to draw a line beyond which they would pledge themselves not to go. The letter says-" In reply to all this we told them of the forces in Shanghai, of the idea that foreigners had of their being a band of robbers and murderers, and that they were determined they should not go there. We therefore advised that they should keep away at least for the present. He proposed to us to take money down and buy arms for them, which we declined on the ground that we were ministers of the Gospel, and had come only to talk about the doctrine." As may be supposed, the American missionaries had full permission to read and preach in all parts of Soochow whilst they staid there. We will now give the closing extract from the really instructive and interesting letter, to which we have already been so largely indebted :-. " The recent taking of Hangchau and its immediate abandonment by the rebels is explained by what we heard the other day. It was a stratagem by which to draw off the Imperial forces from Nanking. The rebels themselves say that they were nearly starved out, their treasury was almost exhausted and a half month more of confinement must have been most disastrous. Closely besieged for years they had had two outlets by which to have communication with the rest of the world. One of these the impe- rialists cut off, and had built quite a city outside Nanking. As a last resort the rebels made a bold attack on Hangchow, the imperial forces were drawn off thither from Nanking, and as soon as they had gotten fairly to Tung-chau, the rebels moved right back to Nanking, joined those who had been left in that city, and swept from the whole region the encampments of the impe- rialists. Thence they proceeded down to Sachan sweeping everything before them. In this series of rebel successes Tsang Quo Liang lost his life, and the army was broken, 70,000 imperialists deserting to the rebels. Sae the Futai, was taken prisoner by the rebels, and he requested to be killed by them, but they declined, saying they had service for him to perform. He persistently refused to serve them, saying that if he should the Emperor would have his wife and family and all his connections slain. " To avoid this sad result, the rebels proposed to go with him to Buchan, and take his wife, family connections, property, at, all to Such a. To this he consented, and accordingly a bold party forced their way into the city and succeeded in accomplishing the thing proposed. See was duly installed in the rebel army and sent at the head of the deserting imperialists to gain merit by taking the city of Hangchow. They had not heard of its fall when we left Suchow 'The rebel kingdom is now increasing so rapidly in its extent, and stretching its borders so near to us, that the time will soon come when we must take some stand as missionaries and six men in regard to them. The statements made above, of what we saw and heard. may help some to their conclusions. We have come home with our minds much more favorably impressed in regard to the whole movement than they have ever done before. These men seem to feel an interest in what they do. They feel, however improperly, that they are called of God to put an end to idolatry and to the Tartar Dynasty. When they are about to destroy a temple they stand around it, and their leader cries out, ' In the name of Shangti the holy Father, and by the authority of Jesus his Son, we demolish this temple,' and then the work begins. Unless God interposes and by his own might put them down what power can crush a people infatuated with such an idea ? Certainly no army whose soldiers fight only for the sake of two- hundred cash a day, no army in China. " Though in itself the rebellion may be wrong, and may have very much connected with it that is evil, yet we know that God can and will bring good out of it. In this we will rejoice. " Yours, etc, J B. Hastwell.." It is, of course, wholly beyond our province to discuss the tendencies of this movement from the point of view taken by Mr. Hartwell but there is one consideration which ought not to be overlooked by the journalist, namely, that if the revolution in China should be consummated in the overthrow of the present reigning dynasty the succeeding one would be much more closely allied to the European races in politics, religion, and commerce ; whilst there is no reason whatever to suppose that the internal administration of China would suffer. 