HAPPY JACK'S LUCUBRATIONS. ' * No. VII. ! "How! lias the ass broke tbe wall, that thou art out of tbe city ?"—TIMON or ATHENS. THE Pilgrim Fathers possessed resolution and bravery, and with these qualities overcame all the fearful obstacles they had tq^eontend withbeattlie wild InSjjtnsinto thar 'homes | in the forests, and fonnd«JLcitig|S. winch -now rival the most famous in Eurtfpjfcj* ^Jie fif&t; ftapolebn was remarkableyfw' his ienergy, whiSh never ;most trying circun. tune. He j crossedj eieverence and . evlen,. under the ^a.nd revbiies of for- ^Mgi and led a mighty iaimy into Ithe ___ of 'Italy, to the astonishment of all Eiiwjfc; at a time^jrtien the press of England was caricaturing and turning him into ridicule.—But do. not these feats dwindle into insignificance—into utter nothingness] whfen .compared with the great deeds of the Ball Committee, who are now'Henjoying pleasant repose after the mental, and \\)dUy fatigue they suffered in the| realisation oft*." the idea of a Grand Masonic. Ball br^ched two months since ?" It will indfeed be -a pity if a full narrative of the great battle which they have fought and won be not laid before the public ! Some idea of the greait struggle u given in an able article in the'Bki'sterl If tens us, • in speaking of the day be|ojre_.the, Bal^pJiTJ^ytjm came out, ^hoiigh it' is'isaid the ftovernmeni official, inhumble imitation of Joshua, attempted to keep it in," ' What! a monster this Government bflunal must be ] As the Burster justly remark^ " the. force ]of[maiice couldgo no further." • It'is.supposed he borrowed Jacob's ladder, for the purpose of throwing a shade over the orb of day. Thank Heaven! he succeeded not -in hik vUe design. It |is clearly .proved by the same authority that this, "official" made the GOvernment bring'the Customs regulations into j force, in order'that the Masonic "wine order," iwhich could not be intrusted f' to any but a metropolitan wine merchant," might be made the ineans of wiping off our colonial debt, by the" collection of a secortil'duty upon it at Moama. He was not satisfied | with tampering with the clerk -of the weather, but must needs , coirupt the Government too. Ought he not to hide his.diminished head! now, when the Bn/rsler tells him that the .'operation of .the noxious Customs regulations was {stayed ""till the-day of the |Ball " "solely" by the Ball Committee, who; like good philanthropists, only wanted " time" to et their • own excellent champagne over the flurray.: Is i it any wonder " the Ball Committee were strifck dumb " 'with tlie appalling difficulties which beset their march to grea'tness? It is believed it was while. in jthis mute state their " monsjter demonstration'' was got up, as no one heard of',-it "until announced inj print There is one portiim of the Burster'* desenption of the Committee's trials, which ought to lie seen by every one in its purity, Here it iis j - "The menxben of the Lodge Star in the|South, whieli includes mare than one wine epicure, did not however tfesl justified in entrusting their wine order to any but-al .metrtpoiiUn wine merchant, j The order was idoepatched Mme Veeks -tinee, and the liquids were between SW-bourne and the Murray when tfaei Border customs, proclamation was issued] and a dray-load of dutiable goods wni -seized at Altury. _ tlhe. Ball Committee were stiiuet dwtib wilh lndigBation and confusion. When everything wai in train, and \victory seemed -certain, an opprestive Government steps in and »poil« all; .ahd.it iwas even tD/Usjttred thei it was the same meddling "Go vernmet effitial that! informed Mr. Treasurer W«ekes of the enormous 1OB«, to the revenue that resulted frojn the Border import trade, that caused the unexpratei issue of the Treasury notice. The force of -maliee tould netfurther go. "The Ball Committee immediately got up a| Motuler deiwnstration, when they ini veighed against the injustice of giving a sudden operation t? the proclanuition,—for time was. *H they wanted"; and Jit is said that it was jo^y owing to their not altogether, disinterested exertions, that the operation of 1m jirocTatnation wasj*upe^dei\till the the Ball,''.., . ; - . i ' '%. blufF, incredulous, sceptical individual was lieird to remark in hu owh gru^ way, as he laid a?id£. the last number of. ihe jB«r*ter, which he had beep.; intently 'perusing, "All yery fine, but I'd like^to.see the .Ball .Committee's praises sounded elsewhere. Why,man,', they wrote thfe account themselves - corrected the .proofs -•- they own the Paper, <and pay ior.its support." This fellow had no right, fp make the remark in a depreciating tone. How would the detailed history of the Committee's trials and . " hairbreadth's 'scapes" be known to the public, if not written by one of themselves? And pray, why should they not publish just what ithey. like jin their own Httle Paper? ' " Ibey j fayi their Who wdij Jpubt pf JUL yorld can commune with themig)ity dead," when a ghost has come lamongst us in Demliq\iin—ay, cvqn the." Ghost of Horace." It has appeared to Happy. Jack, to call him to account for cruelly manghng and ^anisguotine Vi ita-^ knte^ meteis.' In the spirikrapping table-Wing performance! there must ever be a " mediuni? Jfg'PPJ.yMn tediously, corresponding withthe; y, 0^" But here we improvi upon wmt Y«D, well, tHls ghost is a, funny dog. K Remarks coacennng a portion ofiVenJVM& takfifli hb^rty to quote, Ahat it had " frequently before seen the. same misquotation-in other provmiBud papers.?' No doubt it ted-^it was a cpjrsxinmoNAi, failing of one PapdK ~ A» ' ttia "misquotation'' was printed jflstpr^vionaJ to the Bull, jio_4ouW the 'discernmc riwkt mmething applicable in the line which precede* 5 S t r g i ^ U 0 t e i Quid dignnm tanto feret hie pioroiisor hiitu'? pArtynnnt monte, , ^tu/riW^Zll ; rjto ^ghsh^'ivhat' r 1 - this ^1 ' blaster produce worthy jail this ^apng? The m onntains are "in labor, and a ridiculous ihouse si all be brought forth.". The ghost "evidently knows.what is good aa . ill as the Lord Mayor's fool. It says " Resi lence at a Ladies' School is no doubt talculaied to make Jack happy." Who wouldn't lil :e to' dwell in a " seminary for . young ladies;" m )re especially if it was carried on upon the Ticlele-Tobian principle. . The "Ghost 'of brace " is no doubt a clever spirit in its way bi t some people; regard its sayings nothing bi t ,the merestj fanPAEONADK. 1 It- is - a "-poet, ht wever, and' is fond of poets of ;the Gaviin Duffy' order. The following is submitted for its criticismj Has it not come to a wonderful pass, When one isiasiailed by a ghostly ass ? Not the ghost of an ass, but an osainine ghost, Who contented jshould be of his ears to boast— 4\. dolt lacking wit, but not wanting gas, Who need not riwever—lie's ever an ass. Happy Jack is about to publish a new dietie nary, to meet the requirements of the age, ax dhopea the wink will sell well. _ He differs in m my ' important particulars with "Webster, Jc hnson, and Walker—mving the meaning oi eaeh word more fully. For instance, the word Clique means—-HA few philanthropic indiyidt als of high moral standing, who occasionally m set together to perform some work of charity. M in who never [intermeddle in the concerns or dii eiiss the private affairs of an absent person; who never tell i«3le tales, repeat portions" of prifce conversations, or praise their own good w<rks."' PiMidans — "A model set of men" .who " frankly cbnfess their inability to provide a banquet for a lllasonic Ball." rhe meaning jbf Mashed Bravo will be seen the dictionary, and persons-desirous of knowing the: full meaning of ; any word will please 1 apblyto i . . i 1 HAPPY "JACK. 