QUEENSLAND. J^m I [TB.OV. OÜB COHBE8P0SDZKT.] ^ THB Tamar steamed hence, on Monday, <the 15 ih instant, for Maryborough and Rookh amp " ton; itr-falfi Iment of -the-contraet -entered -inio by the Government; atd the A.S.N. C >. She had a fair cargo, and'a' mach" larger number of passengers than was anticipated. Tbe~Govéni-~ ' ment "have acted in this m itter with a prudence . and energy that entitle them to the warmest thanks of the community ; for, in establishing ' regular and rapid communication by sea be- tween Brisbane and the outlying ports to the ; northward, they have not only provided far the speedy transmission of the mails, but they have . taken the most effectual means of relieving Queensland of its commercial dépendance on Sydney, and of securing direct trade with Eng- land. Hitherto, Maryborough and Rockhamp- ton have had as little intercourse, in trade, with Brisbane and Ipswich, as with. Melbourne or Adelaide. They haye received all their sup- plies from Sydney, and forwarded all their ex- ports thither in return. Consequently, as the trade of Brisbane was of itself insufficient to ** oner fair inducements to shipowners to come here for cargo, the whole of the exports of this : locality have found their way to Sydney, .? ere they could reach the English markets. Now, ? however, by the establishment of steam com- munication between the seaport towns of the colony, much of the i trade will be diverted from its old channel, and a Queensland - port will soon become the emporium of the Queensland traffic. \- Tho three-rival stations of .Brisbane, Mary '. borough,: and Rockhampton,-. will be , equally ? benefited by the arrangement; they stare on ? equal terms in the race of competition; and . time will tell which of. them, by its more com . minding position, by its larger trade, and by '. its securer entrance and anchorage, will entitle itself to be considered the commercial capital of the colony. In the mean time those silly ' person?, who pretend that the seat of Govern nient should be at Wide Bay or KôckTIampiorv, had better favour us with less of their? tatkfäg*Z and endeavour to win the first rank by study« ing how best to promote the interests of their . respective head-quarters. The Sydney mono »-? poly with its extortionate charges has been ' very 'justly considered here an intolerable ."/grievance ; but it, has' received its death blow . at the hands of the Government, and that too . through the instrumentality of the monopolists themselves. ' Ere long we shall be able to concentrate our goods for exportation in suffi- cient quantities here to enable us to ignore your city as of absolu te necessity lottie growth andex pánsion of our trade and commerce; and al- though les3 favourably situated than the people of Melbourne, it will not be long before we will be able to manage all our own affairs, without your kind commercial interference. The pro- posed attempt to run the old Company off the . trade,,.by .rneans"of petty local opposition, is simply'absurd ; and, if carried out, would only end in the failure of the enterprise. But to break the back of the monopoly, by striking the trade itself into a new channel, is a more feasible plan) and.savours more of sound judgment and ,common sense, rlhave no political news of interest to relate. Candidates for parliamentary honours still lurk behind* the scenes, with their speeches and opinions ; and but few, as yet, havd ventured to publish their addresses. These, on the whole, are-.more "remarkable for vagueness and ob acuri ty, than for^their elegant English or for " their manliness of expression. Some are worded with such wonderful caution, as to pre- sent to the eye of the reader, not ? the ghost even of a political principle, from their commencement to their close. Tn others, opposite views meet like members of some "happy family" as the beat of friends ; proving by their heterogeneous character,and their mutual antagonism, nothing but the sublime folly of those who entertain them. I do not know what an original address, from, the pen of one of your famous Bras* Band would look like ; tor I cannot fancy any mem- ber of that close corporation so profoundly ignorant as to trust his own understanding, in . so delicate an undertaking as the writing of a political paper for insertion in a newspaper. But I know from memory what sort of stuff aomé of them palmed off as their own ; and I must confess that, bad as most of the published addresses here In all respects are, they are not bad enough to be ranked with such of your ° own as I have just alluded to. We do not expect to have Wentworths, and Windeyers, and La ire's in our first Parliament ; especially when we remember that such men are with you, rari nantes in, gurgite «mío ; and much . less : frequently met with now, than in former years, when the old Legislative Council lived, and was; looked, up to by the people "with pride because of its eminent abilities and genius : and before the first re- formed Parliament of New South Wales was called into existence. We shall not be troubled with a second edition of your Brass Band; how- ever, there, being no materials here for the con- struction of._such an. emetic" of Tartars. Feeling this, we take courage and cherish great hopes of prosperity and advancement for our. infant colony. . . I do not think you could have .been better . pleased at witnessing tho defeat and expulsion of the Forster Ministry, than we were here at hearing of the fact. Our opinion of a New \- South Wales administration may be a small matter in Sydney; we take the liberty, how- ever, of not only holding, but of recording, our \- opinions of such mighty existences. Queens ? land has to thank tho Forster Ministry for nothing ; but has to regret its discourteous treatment of our Government, and the petty obstacles thrown in our way at the very, outset ; of our independent career. We can "therefore regard the retirement of Mr. Forster and his colleagues with a degree of complacency that nearly approaches pleasurable satisfaction. We have congratulât tiona for the people, who no doubt treat the visitation in a spirit of calm resignation ; bu we have no condolence to throw away, and no sympathy to waste upon the fallen. ' ? ; ' Tho new journal is to make its first appear- ance on the 31st.instant. The proprietor no doubt congratulates himself that the week-day selected by him for introducing his Guardian to the jealous eye of public criticism/dics rici? in any way interfere with the notorious first of April. Since the Queensland Free Press WBB knocked on the head, the Courier has been ruo! nodding and half asleep ; and ;clreaming, doubt- less, of horrid deeds, like Eugene Aram in the poem.. The appearance bf the Guardian will, I have no doubt,'infuse liHc and energy into the Courier. - ? "" The weather continues wet, and business is dull in consequence. We havo had more rain than we want, and, I' suppose, may ,.expect a " long continuance of dry 'weather alter (heat rbospherebecomes settled again.. The Govern meat here are well supplied with accommoda- tion for carrying on their official business. À portion of the present Court-house and police barracks has been, set apart for a tem; orar; Parliament House, and--the masons are busily at work miking the necessary improvements and alterations. I should suppose the Government buildings in Brisbane alone are worth at least £70,000 ; and as j they are commodious and conveniently situated, the country will be saved considerable outlay of public money in providing for the carrying on of the public business. The Government build- ings were erected by the Imperial authorities, and not by the Kew South Wales Executive; ao that you need not take more credit to your- selves than is necessary for having pinched your pockets to fester the pet capital ot Queens- land. These buildings are very convenient, they are just what we wanted, and in consider- ing whom we have to thank for them, we leave you out of the question altogether as beside the mark. . ._ 