HEROES AND HERO WORSHIP. | Philologists tell us that the Greek word for " man " expresses a being who turns his face upward. The aptness for uplifting the gaze in a moral as well as a physical sense is certainly characteristic of the genus home. It would be difficult to find a sane human being who did not recognise in some other being real or imaginary, a superiority to which he could look up. Religious adoration is one development of-this tendency; admiration for supposed greatness in our fellow-men which is the modern form of Hero-worship-is another. And as in religion there is a vast distance, moral and intellectual, between the worshipper of a Supreme and perfect First-cause, and the be- sorted heathen who merely aspires. " To land a monkey or to worship leeks," so in hero-worship there is a wide difference between those who reverence the truly great and good, and those whose homage is ill bestowed on charlatans, or hypocrites. . It is much to be regretted that this colony should exhibit so great an amount of misplaced veneration. Without falling into the vulgar error of confounding the populace with the people, we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that there are large masses of men around us who, from moral obliquity, or from weakness of judgment, are content to admire the worthless and venerate (he contemptible. This is a bad symptom as regards the present, and a bad omen for the future; nor is it more satisfactory when we contemplate it with reference to the past. For we have announced ourselves to the world, not without a flourish of trumpets, as a virtuous people, to whose purity the very neighbourhood of crime is revolting. We indignantly refused the most tempting bribes to make New South Wales a workhouse or even a reformatory for convicts. " Nil visit fodum picture home Umina taught " Granted, it were base to regret that we did so. Roads and bridges and public works are good things ; yet an honest and orderly population is immeasurably better. But have we been resolute in our virtuous in- dignation consistent in our antipathy to crime and criminals? Alas! no. There is, doubtless, extant among us an enlightened public opinion, the result of the aggregate judgments of honest and educated men, which instinctively arrays itself against violators of the law, and bestows its homage only on those who combine sterling principle with shining abilities. But this opinion is public only in a limited sense. It is not noisy; it is not obtrusive ; it rarely bestows an ovation, still more rarely inflicts the pillory. The men whom it condemns may be greeted by the applause of thousands, and may strut about in broad daylight with a " tail " as long as ever waited. on a Highland chieftain driving his neighbour's cows. For there is a spurious public opinion, begotten by impudence upon ignorant credulity, which, considering its intrinsic feeble- ness, often seems to speak " with most miraculous organ." It finds utterance through the shouts of riotous loafers, clamoring for the work which they are resolved not to do ; of election mobs roaring for the liberties which they would sell for a drachma, or a drain; in short, through the over-strained throats of the noisy and thoughtless, wherever they muster to some specious watch-word. Unhappily, these utterances are too often mistaken, especially at a distance, for the genuine voice of the people and when they sound in honour of some political quack or notorious evil-doer our colonial worthies are hastily judged of by the ill-chosen specimen, and New South Wales stands discredited in its " popular men." It is, indeed, painful to see how large, way, under our present system how powerful, a following any man may have who is an intrepid spouter, and has fallen under legal censure. It seems as though the protectionist mania had extended to the question of misdemeanors. An English convict is under a banana man forbid "-utterly excluded from our ports-but offenders of native growth are in request as patriots, and command a high figure in the democratic market. A rank culprit Sinks among the dregs of Cockatoo, and emerges a leader of liberal opinion "-a star, of the provincial Press. A convict black with the foulest stains of perjury is no sooner restored to freedom than political greatness is thrust upon him. Under a transparent alias, he cooks up petitions, subscribes himself Hon. Sec. to a municipal committee, and becomes the favoured correspondent of an immaculate Premier. Visits, not exactly of a philanthropic character, to the interior of our gaols, achieve a degree of personal popularity which, if charity could be envious, might disquiet the ghost of Howard. Convicts not only may aspire to figure in our Legislature, but perchance may " disdain the limits of their little reign," and contemptuously withdraw their custom from New South Wales, to be refused credit in Queensland. Perseverance in ill-doing earns an especial privilege, and mob-worship culminates when its idol claims equal notoriety as a swindler and as a libeller. When such are the champions of a miscalled liberalism, we cannot wonder that our legisla- tion shows no vigour, and little vitality. We are told that there is a "Liberal majority but no body can act in a mass without some principle of cohesion. Political adventurers are necessarily obstructive. It is folly to suppose that agitators who live by a system of irritation will seek to heal the sores of the body politic. It is worse than folly to imagine that men advanced by their demerits, and notoriously un- trustworthy, will support a Government really deserving of public confidence. Thus, in place, of useful co-operation between the "Liberal" Cabinet and the motley majority aforesaid, we have a tacit compact that Ministers shall draw their salaries and do nothing, whilst strong lunged patriots edify the masses by "bush" outside the Assembly, and ."bunkum" within it. We do not lay the blame of this state of things, ridiculous were it not ruinous, merely on the uneducated many, who are not so much the possessors of power as the channels through which it passes to the favourites of the hour. We believe that men of property and education in this colony have conceived too deep and two sudden a disgust at the fruits of the new regime, and fail to make the most of the means yet left to them for securing their due ascendancy in the Assembly and the Cabinet. But the moral of our present remarks is chiefly addressed to the labouring class in our constituencies, or rather to the large portion of that class who are ever agape for some political land of promise, and ready dupes to every noisy im- pastor who promises to lead them thither by a short cut. We say to them, that if representative institutions are discredited, it is primarily their doing. We say, that if Parliament is becoming less decorous, less intellectual, and less useful if it does less work in double the time and attains the weariness of exhaustion without the results of labour, the blame is primarily theirs. By setting the stamp of popular approval as ignorant or unpr»cipl«d,men they have Powers' the Parliamentary standard, and driven sterling metal out of circulation. <Thetemedy is in their own hands. Let them cease confide their political interests to men/ whom they would not trust in the private relations of life. Let' them cease' to commit the expenditure of millions to men whom they would watch narrowly if they held a subscription plate. Let them cease to dream that blundering spouters, who have scarce mastered the commonest rudiments of I human knowledge, can be safe guides on questions demanding the most profound and a varied research. Let them learn, to despise ' flattery-to distrust loud professions' and large promises. There are men enough of education, property, and principle, good citizens, sound thinkers and honest politicians, to save the country from anarchy and disgrace, if the thousands who now do homage to blockheads or charlatans would but adopt worthier heroes and a more rational worship. V I' I 