THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, MARCH 1. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 10 minutes past 3 o'clock, and read the usual form of prayer. THE BOARD OF LAND AND WORKS. Mr. URQUHART said that he could not ask the question standing in his name, as the hon. member, Mr, Follows, who represented the Government, was not present. He thought that the Government were much to blame in delaying the business of the House by their representative not being present. The question was postponed until after the other business had been transacted. A question in the name of the hon. member, Mr. Fawkner, was also postponed for the same reason. REAL PROPERTY BILL. Mr. COPPIN moved that this bill be read a third time. Mr. A'BECKETT opposed the'! third reading, as, although he believed it would be read a third time, he objected to it, because it had been passed with the most injudicious haste, sons serving the importance of it and the effect it would have upon the transfer of real property. (Hear. ) When introduced, the bill was stated to be similar to that in force in South Australia, and the principle of it was approved, by the House and by three hon. members who intended to introduce similar bills. Upon the second reading it was well received the law members not objecting to it reserving any objections until it went into committee. Upon that occasion he and other hon. gentlemen were absent, and the bill was carried through in a certain way, namely, as if the committee had only to adopt an English act. The remarks in the papers assumed that the law members had stayed away in dudgeon and sued a malicious pleasure in seeing the lay members pass a bill which they could not understand, and that they purposely stopped away from the House. He might say he was extremely morti- fied, and perhaps humiliated, at the treatment the bill received, and at having no credit allowed him for being willing to assist in making it a good bill. i Mr. FAWKNER, rose to order, as the hon. member was merely reiterating what he had before said. The PRESIDENT said; the hon. member was out of order in referring to any previous debate. Mr. A'BECKETT presumed she had a right, on the third reading of the bill, to state general objections to it, and therefore he did not think he would be out of order in again stating his objections to the bill. He would not refer to the past debates, but he believed the House would admit that the main argument submitted by the hon. members by whom it was passed in committee was, that it was a perfect measure (2 No, no"), and the experience of South Australia was referred to over and over again. He would read a despatch from the Government of that colony upon the bill-at least a portion of the despatch. (rt No gambling," from Mr. Fawkner.) The hon. member ought to know that he was not in the habit of gambling anything. [The despatch said that the bill was not calculated to be a permanent act.] There had been a strong prejudice against the amendments he had proposed because he was a lawyer. (" No, no.") Well, that view had been taken up by the press, and only yesterday in The Argus. Mr. FAWKNER.-We have all road that. Mr. A'BEOKETT.-The article stated that the lawyers had considered " the approach of a Coppin a sacrilege." (Hear, hear.) (The hon. member then went on to read the article which appeared in The Argus of yesterday, when he was reminded by the President that he was out of order in reading from a newspaper.) Mr. ^'BECKETT.-At all events, the House had been warned - the members were called " good, easy, unsuspecting fellows." No doubt they were but the opinions of the law members had not been expressed at all. He would go from that point- the prejudice which prevented him from speaking on the subject-and would refer to his objections to the bill. It gave to the Registrar-General, and to others who with him were not lawyers, the power to decide whether a person had a right to property. But suppose,' any hon, member, even Air. Fawkner, had title deeds taken to him, and he was asked to give possession, what would he do ? Mr. FAWKNER. As an honest man, I should tell him to go into his property. Mr. A'BEOKETT.-The commissioners would have the patronage of appointing two attorneys who were to be paid by salaries, and all he (Mr. A'Beckett) proposed was, that instead of three commissioners who were not lawyers, there should be a legal board established to decide. That was the amendment he had failed to carry. He felt so strongly the fallacy of the system, that he could not but oppose the bill. He opposed it because he preferred the bill of the hon. member, Mr. Bennett, which was drawn up by Mr. Skinner. (The hon. member then referred to an article which appeared in The Argus of June 27, which expressed an opinion in favour of Mr. Bennett's bill over that of Mr. Torrens'.) He would not quote any more from it, but would put it to hon. members to say whether they know they were not going to commit a great mistake in passing the bill and he would ask them to take a middle course-to postpone it until Mr. Bennett's bill had been considered in committee, and then they could make a selection. Unless that was done the hill would go down to the Lower House with the fact upon the face of it that it had only received six hours' consideration. (" No, no.") Well, it had not received more. Having said thus much he would leave the matter in the hands of the House. Mr. URQUHART said the present was the second explanation the hon. member had entered into (2 The third"), and he thought the opinions expressed by the press had not been very favourable to the hon. member. He thought the hon. member could not complain at the House proceeding with the bill in his absence, as he had no right to do so if he valued the opinion of the House. He should support the third reading of the bill. Mr. FAWKNER said the only new fact mentioned by Mr. Bonnett was, that the House merely wished to triumph over the lawyers ; but that was not correct, as all that he and other hon. members wished to do was to benefit the public. Mr. BENNETT wished to record his opposition to the bill, and stated his belief, that although, unconsciously perhaps, the object of hon. members was to triumph over the lawyers Mr. STRACHAN rose to order. The hon. member had no right to impute motives. The PRESIDENT thought the hon. member was not in order in imputing motives. Mr. BENNETT had not imputed motives. He had said that he thought hon. members were unconsciously desiring to triumph over the law years. It had been stated in that House, by the hon. member Mr. Coppin, that three hon. members were incapable of voting, as they were so invested in the Bill. Mr. COPPIN did not say that, but merely referred to May, who said, in such cases, it was left to the honour of members. Mr. BENNETT reminded the hon. member that he called for the decision of the President on the subject on the occasion in question. In the first place, it had been broadly stated that pecuniary interest was so mixed up with the matter that he could not do justice ; but he believed his profession would not suffer if conveyancing was obliterated altogether ('* Oh, oh !"), as it was well known that there were so many branches in his profession that if one was abolished it would be easy to follow up another. He objected to the bill because it was compulsory, and because no person who had become possessed of land granted since 1842 would be able to convey or transfer his property, except under that act. Mr. COPPIN was not aware that it was compulsory. Mr. BENNETT.-Perhaps the hon. member was not. He would, state again, that all persons purchasing land since 1842 would come under that act. (No.) He would also inform the House that there was no provision made for the management of transmission of properties granted by the Government at the present time, and it would be remembered that the leasehold property in Melbourne was considerable more valuable than freehold-as many leases extended for 21 years ; but there was no means by which the owner of property alienated from the Crown could bring his property under the act. He wished hon. members to know the real working of the bill and if the House had not been in such a desperate hurry those matters would have becnbroughtforward. Againhomigbt mention that the owner of land over which there was a mortgage could not transfer his property under the act. But that was a serious matter, as nearly every house and street in Melbourne was mortgaged. ("None.") If hon. members wished to place their fellow-colonists in that position they would vote for the third reading. His next objection was, that any person holding a mortgage over land could be summoned by the Registrar General to explain the circumstances under which he held that mortgage. It was a well-known principle that no mortgagor had any right to be called upon to disclose the property on which he held a mortgage until the security had been paid. He would ask hon. members to put them MArch in that position, and to say whether they did not think that very little money could be lent upon property under such circumstances? The next objection he had to the bill was, that it altered the criminal law of the land, as it would convert forgery from a colony into a misdeed meanour. It also altered the law of real property as regarded heirs and approached very closely to the law in France. These were not details of the bill but were the principles of it, and the gentleman who drew out the bill had ridden the hobby- horse to death. It was his duty to point out the defects, and leave hon. members to judge for themselves. The next objection was, that it completely violated the principle upon which it started-that the trusts affecting properties should not be disclosed to purchasers. By the bill, also, a tenant might be distrained upon by the mortgagor as well as the landlord of the property. His greatest objection was, that the registrar was clothed with too much authority that he was a judicial officer in every sense There were 3) clauses, giving the most unlimited power to him, and, in fact, he had the right to do more than the Supreme Court could give him a right to do. Mr. COPPIN said the registrar was the mouth- piece of the commissioners j his name was merely made use of Mr. BENNETT said there was also a clause giving the registrar power to summon any person to give evidence. Was that a Ministerial office ? Surely not it was one of the highest judicial powers which could be granted. All these facts proved that he possessed power of life and death overall properties-if he might use such an expression. The registrar could act upon any proof s tisfactory to him and if he was allowed to ride rough-shod over the colony, the sooner the people left the country the better. The bill was also a violation of the Constitution Act, as it proposed a tax. The Constitution Act said the House should not pass a bill containing a tax without a message having been received from the Government to that effect. That was a grave objection to the bill, and would have considerable effect upon the minds of hon. members in the Lower House. It was distinctly a bill for appropriating part of the consolidated revenue. Mr. COPPIN.-Not in this house. Mr. BENNETT.-The classes setting out definitely that the fees should be supplemented from the revenue had been left out, but there were clauses which referred to the compensation fund, evidently showing an intention that the Legislative Assembly should introduce such, clauses. But the Assembly could not do that. Mr. FAWKNER.-That is their business. Mr. BENNETT.-The Constitution Act was plain upon the point. It was evident to him, from the remarks he heard, that hon. members did not understand the bill. With these remarks he should oppose the third reading of the bill, Mr. HERVEY supported the third reading. Mr. HOPE supported the bill, as he believed it was receiving increased approval in South Australia. Mr. STRACHAN accused the law members of reading the act so as to answer their own purposes. Mr. BENNETT rose to order, as no hon. member ought to charge him with misrepresenting clauses. . Mr. COPPIN said he had heard many parts of the bill misrepresented, but had not made any i clerk. Mr. FAWKNER thought that already quite enough time had been occupied. The question was put, and the House divided with the following result : Contents 15 non-contents. 4 Majority for the motion 11 The following was the division-list : CONTENTS. Mr. Hodgson Mr. S. Henty Mr. Wilkie \- Coppin - Fawkner -? Highett \- Urquhart - Thomson - Hope \- Hervey - Fraser - Roope \- Power - Stewart - Strachan. HON CONTENTs. Mr, Bennett Mr. Follows Mr. A'Beckett \- J. Henty. The bill was then read a third time and passed. DIVORCE BILL. On the motion of Mr. FAWKNER, the report ( of the committee on this bill was adopted, and the third reading made an order for Wednesday next. NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA BILL. On the motion of Mr. BENNETT, the report of the committee on this bill was adopted, and the third reading made an order for Wednesday next. TRANSFER OF LAND BILL. On the motion of Mr. BENNETT, this order of the day was discharged from the paper. SIMPLIFICATION OF TITLE TO LANDED ESTATES BILL. REGISTRY OF LANDED ESTATES BILL. The second reading of these bills was postponed until Thursday next. EDUCATION BILL. The House went into committee for the further consideration of this bill. Clauses 90, 91, and 92 were passed without amendment. Clause 93 was postponed. Clause 24 was discussed at some length, but upon the motion of Mr. Fellows, the Chairman reported progress. The House then resumed. LAW OF PROPERTY AMENDMENT BILL. The House went into committee pro forma' on this bill, and the Chairman obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday next. LAW OF EVIDENCE AMENDMENT BILL. The order of the day for the adoption of the report of the committee on this bill was discharged, and the bill was re-committed, for the purpose of of making some verbal alterations, and also for introducing a new clause by Mr. Fellows in lieu of clause of, making it perjury to give false evidence on oath or otherwise. The House then resumed, and the Chairman reported progress, the adoption of the report being made an order for Wednesday next. The House adjourned at 5 minutes to 7 o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, MARCH 1. The SPEAKER took the chair at 23 minutes past 4 o'clock. WATER SUPPLY AND COLONIAL IRRIGATION. Mr. L. L. SMITH gave notice that on Thursday, March 8, he should move that, in the opinion of this House, no water scheme should be adopted unless it is based upon such a plan of construction as would afford permanent advantages to the community at large, and which would be capable of extension in accordance with our future requirements, and which, without causing unnecessary outlays for temporary works, would bestow proportional benefits on the mining, agricultural, pastoral, and other industrial and manufacturing interests of the community. Contingent upon this resolution being passed, the hon. gentleman said he should move that a committee be appointed with a view to inquire into the best mode of constructing such works, and to take evidence on the engineering and financial requirements, as to tire best, most useful, and economical means of irrigating this colony. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. GREEVES gave notice that he should move on the following day for leave of absence to be given to Mr. Harrison for 14 days, on urgent private business. ASSISTANCE TO THE ABORIGINES. Mr. EMBLING intimated that on Thursday, the 8th inst., he should move a resolution to the effect that the appointment by the Governor of a standing committee of three or five gentlemen (unpaid) to act on the behalf of the aborigines of this colony would tend to promote their welfare, and to ensure a more regular and equal distribu- tion of the public assistance voted for them by this House. ntTrrioNS. Mr. NEWTON presented a petition from certain inhabitants of Kew, and its vicinity, against the Bill for Amending the Law as to the Sale of Fermented and Spirituous Liquors. Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition from a certain grocers and' licensed wine and spirit merchants of Melbourne, and its suburbs, in favour of Mr. Michie's bill. The same hon. member presented a petition from certain mechanics, labourers, tradesmen, and sub-contractors of Melbourne (to the number of 1,700), in favour of Mr. Barton's Lion Bill. The petitions were ordered to lie on the table. i PAPERS. Mr. NICHOLSON presented a report from the Chief Commissioner of Police, upon a statement in The Argus newspaper, by one Henry Chamberlain, accusing constables at the Swan s ton-street lockup of ill-treatment to prisoners. Mr. PYKE laid on the table a statement of the amount of Chinese and gold- fields revenue ' collected at Belvoir, from the date of Mr. Hanify's appointment as Chinese Protector to the present time ; also a statement relating to the collection of customs on the River Murray. Mr. NICHOLSON produced returns showing the Customs revenue, costs of collecting, and population of the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, from 1851 to 1858, both years inclusive; and the various tariffs formerly and at the present date in force in Victoria; and a statement of the cost of collecting ad valorem duties, as compared with" fixed duties. The two last-named documents were ordered to be printed. THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES AND MR. ' I'M SERJEANT. Mr. SERJEANT said, as the Chairman of Committees had not expressed any regret for the observation made by him on Tuesday evening, he had to give notice that on Thursday, the 8th of March, he should move a resolution to the effect that, in the opinion of the House, the Chairman of Committees, in declaring an amendment which was handed to him to be " contrary to common sense," was guilty of conduct highly disrespectful, unbecoming the high and responsible position of Chairman of 0 in mittens, and deserving of censure. The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that the question was brought forward the previous evening, when an explanation was offered; and that in now pressing such a resolution he would be creating a very inconvenient precedent. Mr. SERJEANT observed that he should not have brought forward the matter at all had the Chairman of Committees expressed any regret for the language he had used. He was unable to make the complaint when the offensive express son was used, without a breach of the standing orders of the House. 1 Mr. O'SHANASSY was present on the occasion ; referred to, and did not understand the words of the Chairman of Committees to purport anything of an offensive character. The appointment of the present Chairman of Committees was a matter with which he had nothing to do, but he felt it his duty on all occasions to support the authority of the officers of the house, and he hoped other hon. members also felt the desire I reality of such a course. , Mr. LALOR, said, as the matter was one per Renalto himself, he might here state that the hon. member (Mr. Serjeant) wrote to him the previous day, asking whether he meant anything personally offensive in his observations. He replied that he did not. Mr. SERJEANT was then understood to withdraw his notice of motion, and the subject dropped. THE COAL-FIELDS. Mr. EMBLING put to the Chief Secretary the series of questions of which he had given notice, relative to the discovery of coal in the Western Port and other districts. Mr. NICHOLSON said he held in his hand a return as to the several coal-fields in the colony, showing the results of the various examinations that had been made, and this return he should have pleasure in placing upon the table of the House. 'The thickness of the several seams in the Western Port district varied from 3ft. to 4ft. 4in. The Government did not intend to work the seam of coal near the Bass River. As to the leasing of the Cape Patterson fields, this was a question that would be answered by the head of the Survey Department, r j, THE DARLEY STONE, In reply to Mr. Embling, Mr. FRANCIS said no report had yet been received by the Government as to the condition of the Darley stone employed in building the additions to the Parliament Houses ; but inquiries into the matter had been instituted by the Department of Public Works, and the result of those inquiries would be duly communicated to the House - Mr EMBLING.-When may we expect that report? Mr. FRANCIS.-Within a week, probably. IRON ORE AT ELPHINSTONE. Mr. EMBLING, pursuant to notice, asked the Chief Secretary if any lease had been applied for, and granted, and when, for a search for iron ore at Elphinstone; date of application, name of applicant, term and conditions of lease (if granted)? Mr. NICHOLSON suggested the postponement of the question, in order that the hon. member might have an answer from the Survey Department, to which the matter belonged, PROTECTION TO THE ABORIGINES. Mr. M'LEOD gave notice of his intention to move the appointment of a committee, to consider and report upon the best means of protection and assistance to be given to the aborigines of Victoria; such committee to consist of Mr. McMillan, Mr. Snodgrass Mr. Heales, Mr. Fire brace, Mr. Embling, and the mover; three to form a quorum. MASTER AND SERVANTS ACT AMENDMENT BILL Mr. DON moved the second reading of this bill, and, in doing so, said he had no wish to do anything that would in any way shield the servant from the consequences of a breach of contract towards the party who employed him, but his desire was that the mutual relations between master and servant should be carried out in a clear and distinct manner, so that equal justice should be meted out to both. It was impossible for any one to glance over the face of society without being forcibly struck with the fact that the greater part of mankind obtained their living by working for wages and this shows the necessity of the law affecting the employer the employed being strictly impartial, and of a dispute, whenever it arose. being treated as far as possible as a matter arising out of a misunderstanding between two persons, and not as anything like an intention on the part of one to defraud the other in fact, that the merits of the dispute should be tried by way of civil action and not by criminal procedure. Hitherto, however, it had been the practice for legislative bodies to treat the great mass of mankind with a species of discourtesy and contempt, (Laughter, and "Hear, hear," from the Ministerial benches.) This had been the custom for ages, | but he was glad to see in the various countries? worthy of being called civilized, and more especially those speaking the language in which he now addressed the House (a laugh), the old habit was gradually wearing away, and the rights of servants were beginning to be as well looked after as were those of their more fortunate fellow-creatures. To reduce this into practice in Victoria was the object with which he brought in the present bill. Mr. Don then favoured the House with a rapid sketch of the history of Great Britain from the time of the Romans to the institution of the Masters and Servants Act. According to that measure, a mere act of careless ness or inadvertence was to be construed as apices of disobedience, or misconduct, or as a made meanor and the master had power at once to go and complain to a justice of the peace, on whose order the unfortunate servant could forthwith be apprehended by warrant, brought before the Bench, and sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour, in the company of felons, for three months. There was no issuing of summons, but the man was taken away from his home, and at once consigned to prison, condemned to herd with felons and this had been done in Melbourne within the last nine months. This, indeed, was the law of Victoria, a law probably suited to the country when the great mass of servants wore nothing more than imported felons people who had come out from England with Government jewellery about their legs (a laugh) ; but such a law was not at all suited to the present ago. Other and equally stringent provisions appeared in the same objectionable measure. True, it had a clause to the effect that workmen to whom wages not exceeding E50 in amount were due could sue for the same in a summary manner, and, if the money was not paid the party indebted could be imprisoned for three months ; but, as a set-off to this, if he chose to go into the Insolvent Court the prison doors were opened and he was a free man. This was what he (Mr. Don) Carlos having one law for the rich and another for the poor! Then another objectionable feature was the payment by check. How was a man up-country to have a check cashed save by taking it to the public-house? when the publican would take care to have his share of the money. But the piece of barbarism which was unequalled on the sta- rate-book was that which authorised the conviction of a man who might " entertain or receive " a servant who had left his work, in the sum of £20, one half to go to the informer. This equalled 1 in enormity the Fugitive Slave Law of America And these were the features of the Masters and Servants Act, which he held to he a disgrace to the statute-book, and which he hoped would have little chance of remaining law after the present night The hon. member proceeded to say that he would show how his bill would remedy the evils he had pointed out, and would commence by remarking that now his measure was fairly printed he could not say he was satisfied with it. (Hear, hear.) As he had observed before, its principal feature would be the abolition of the idea of imprisonment, and master and servant would be left t j find their remedy in a civil action. He had no desire to shield either party, but wished the case to be as between master and master and servant and servant. He had, however, avoided including a certain class of workpeople, and had omitted mention of farm labourers, extending the operation of the bill to all classes i of mechanics, not including splitters and fencers. Of course this protection would be withdrawn where it was distinctly shown that there was an intention to act criminally. This was the clause he expected would be most ob- , jected to; but in the case of farm-servants far away up the country he could conceive the employer suffering. great injustice by the da fault of his servants. He would trouble the House with no further remarks, but simply content himself with moving the second reading of the bill. Mr. GREEVES regretted that he must rise to move the second reading of the hill that day six months. (Hear, hear.) As one with practical experience of the working of the law | is not now proposed to repeal, he begged to I assure the hon. member for Collingwood that he was under an entire misapprehension of its working. He (Mr. Don) had said the present act was unexampled, and yet in almost the same breath told the House it dated as far back as the reign of Edward IVA and surely the fact that it had been in operation so long was no mean proof of the soundness of Us principle. It was his (Mr. Grooves) present object to show the hon. member that he was mistaken in many of his views and it seemed plain that his (Mr, Don's) sympathies and views were confined to only one section of the community. (Hear, hear, His (Mr. Don's) grand object appeared to be, to afford a relief he supposed was required by only a particular portion of the industrial classes ; but if relief was to be afforded to one class, surely the same arguments were in favour of giving it to nil. Surely what was just to a mason was equally just to a ploughman (hear, hear), or milkman, or bullock- driver, or any other farm-servant. The hon. member for Collingwood seemed to object to restrictive enact- ments, and denounced them as arbitrary, without reflecting whether they were not really more beneficial to servants than otherwise. He used a great deal of talk about the same law being for the rich and for the poor alike ; but his bill seemed to bind down the rich man as closely as possible, and clearly exonerate the poor one from all responsibility. Moreover, the bill did not take into consideration the fact that the breach of contract by an artisan might be attended with consequences as serious as those which would follow the defalcations of a servant on a farm or on a station, and yet all the relief offered was a civil action in the Supreme Court. It had been used as a great argumontagainst imprisonment to complain that the honest man had to herd with felons, but that only told against this good system, and not against the legal system. To turn to the bill itself, it appeared quite clear that the hon. member for Collingwood had not even well studied it himself, for while he complained of the clause in the presented which impelled a master to give a certificate, yet in his own bill he adopted the same clause word for word. (A laugh.) The second clause, too, was an almost verbatim copy of clause in the present bill only the words "workmen" and arti- sans" were omitted. If this was not class legislation he (Mr. Grooves) did not know the meaning of the word. The 4th clause of his hill confined its operation to contracts under a year, but there was no essential difference be tween contracts for yours or days. Their viola- tion was likely to produce equal inconvenience. Again, it might fairly be asked what protection did the bill give to the master at all A court of law might award damages, but gave no means of enforcing payment of them. It must also be remembered that frequently it might be that the master might want to recover the very passage money he had paid to bring the servant up the country. Many persons, after inducing their employers to take them up the country, at considerable expense, pretending poverty, were then ready to desert their work, unless restrained by a stringent law. To come to the omissions of the bill, it was evident that many portions of the present enactment which would be of the utmost value were omitted. For instance, there was no mention of the causes which rendered an agent for the master liable for that master's engagements, and yet its value was most evident. Again, the clause requiring a sor visit to produce a certificate of discharge from his lost master was omitted, and yet to any one familiar with life in the rural districts such an arrangement was a necessary protection to society, and proved equally beneficial to the employed and the employer. Forms of conviction and warrant were also omitted, and yet it was perfectly well known that magistrates were not so familiar with the exact legal course as to be able always to supply the deficiency, and nine-tenths of their decision? would consequently be quashed at a moment's glance when an appeal was heard at quarter 2 Sessions. In making these few observations, he had desired to point his remarks chiefly to the general character, and not to the minute details of the measure It was most incomplete, and if it were taken into committee, would require innumerable alterations, amendments, and additions. Ono omission be had forgotten to remark was that of the clause giving power to a servant to obtain instant redress from a magistrate if the master's cheque were not cashed. He (Mr. G Greeves) contended that the present law was ample in its clauses, and with the working of that law it was plain the hon. member for Collingwood was not acquainted. If the bill were passed, nothing, he was satisfied, was more certain than that the industrial classes would be the first to rise against it. Believing that the hon. member had not studied his own bill and the existing law in relation to each other, or to his own opinions, and that what he did know was confined to its operation upon the interests of one particular class of operatives, he (Mr. Grooves) on treated the hon, mover to withdraw his bill, and wait till he was able to bring before the House some practical improvements of the present on account of which the sound sense of non. members would approve (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSTON seconded the amendment. He thought the present law operated upon the richer and poorer classes in a different way than the hon. member for Collingwood thought, for while the rich master was thrown into gaol for refusing to pay wages, the poorer one was allowed to go into the Insolvent Court, and escape The conditions of the bill scorned absurd, for while it enabled a magistrate to order a servant to pay damages, it did not say where the money was to come from if the servant had not got it. The bill showed the very worst form of class legislation, for while it authorised Bench to imprison sheep-shearing and other farm labourers, it allowed the class with which it was evident the hon. member had most sympathy, to go scot free. However, he (Mr. Johnston) had no intention of going through his objections seriatim, believing hon. member for Geelong had said enough. It was all very well to give the master the redress of a civil action ; but where were the defaulting servants to be found? He had known an instance of a contractor taking men to a great distance on the Sydney-road, and when those men bolted, of what use was the civil action? Mr. ASPINALL remarked that the hon. member who moved the postponement of the second reading for six months had been extremely sad casticuponwhathc called its democratic tendency and that hon. member seemed to be growing more and more opposed to that sort of thing over since he left the Administration with which he had been first connected. Those who now de- ceased democracy had opposed the taking away of the power of imprisoning defalcation artisans from two justices, and yet during former sessions they had been very bitter against the alleged ignorance and unfitness of the very justices whose powers they were defending. Now, it appeared justices were to have the power of impi House; any workman who, to their delicate aristocratic notions, had not conducted himself with proper respect to the old lag who might be his master. He (Mr. Aspinall) quite agreed that when a servant had put his employer to the expense of transport, and deserted him in the hour of need, that the offender should be imprisoned, but he objected to two justices having the power to inflict imprisonment because a servant failed in respect to a master with whom he could not agree, and when no pains had been taken to discover whether it was likely they would ever agree. The course he would advocate would be, not the passing of the bill in its present form, but its amendment and alteration, so that the present act should be improved. He could not agree that a servant who committed a breach of discipline should be forthwith sent to Pentridge, and, though he differed from much that the bill contained, he would still support its second reading. Mr. STEPHEN had promised his general support to the bill, but had not calculated upon the defects which he could not but own had been in reduced into it. He would therefore recommend that his colleague should withdraw it for tin ment. Mr. O'SHANASSY thought it was impossible for every member to expect that the pledges he had given on the hustings were to be redeemed during the first session, and protested against the overcrowding of the notice-paper. In deal- ing with the present question he had expected to be supplied with instances of the failure of the existing law to give justice to all parties, but not one of those had been offered. He had expected instances upon instances would have been brought forward of hardships suffered by respectable artisans being compelled to herd , with felons (the hon. member here imitated Mr. Don's accent, amidst great laughter), but had waited for them in vain. And no single reason of this kind had been given for the important change in the law it was sought to effect, the freely admitted that the present law might be amended, but it was a different thing to introduce an entirely fresh one. He saw no real difference between the breach of contract of a farm labourer and that of an artisan, for the defalcations of both were equally disastrous to the employer. A mason might be guilty of a vi If an disobedience which occasioned the tumbling of a wall, and yet his master was to have only a remedy at civil law, while the labourer was neglected to shear a sheep went to gaol. War that the consistency of" our democracy ?" Mr. BARTON.-Yes/yes. (A laugh.) Mr. O'SHANASSY thought if that was the case it was a sign of the times, and showed how the democracy vacillated when it had to put its principles into practice. " No doubt the promoters of the bill wished to abolish imprisonment altogether, but desiring for their own sake to gratify all portions of the House, so SA to them selves, " We'll have a compromise." Mr. BARTON.-No*, no. We want to gratify no one (A laugh.) . Mr. O'SHANASSY thought the hon. member had exactly described his position, for he was certain to gratify no one ,(A laugh.) He could not understand the distinction drawn between a s'leop-shcoror and a mason. If the one left a sheep unshorn he was to be sent to prison; t no other might be an infernal both, and the vf ilk, has built might tumble about his employer's cars, and, the was to escape. He could understand 1 1 avin" one and all to their civil remedy, as that would be his own notion of democratic justice to poor and rich ; but to stop short where the bill did, AI as most monstrous. Besides, he could see very clearly that the bill would open the door to an immense quantity of petty legisla- tion, and, doubtless, that was partially intended. Much had been said about the several penalty for disobedience, but he would ask any one familiar with the history of the' colony, whether such consequences had followed as were now for the first time apprehended. Had masters been ready to rush out of the house as soon as their servants disobeyed them, and run to the nearest magistrates for a warrant, and waste their time with the endless formalities attending such a proceeding ? Who would tell him bitch had been the case ? Mr. BARTON.-I will tell you so. Mr. O'SHANASSY thought that might be very likely (a laugh), but he had complained that the mover of the resolution had never instanced mingle such case. He was ready to aid in effecting some alterations in the present act that were desirable, but he know of no argument which would induce him t go the length of this bill (hear, hear), and; won therefore vote for the amendment of the hon. member for Geelong. To attempt to remodel the bill and eradicate its evident defects would be to do that which had been i attempted in no former session. It would be both inconsistent and impracticable to do so, and under the circumstances he felt justified in voting against the bill altogether. To pass the bill would be to take statements without evidence, and such a proceeding would be unwise and injudicious in the extreme. The House now adjourned, at 25 minutes to 7 o'clock, for refreshment, and re- assembled at half-past ? o'clock. Mr. GRAY would not have spoken on the question had there been other members present to address the House. He did not think the bill had been met in a fair spirit and any faults it might be possessed of could be amended in committee The object of the bill was, to take a large class from out of the operation of the Masters and Servants Act, and objection had been taken because it did not take out of its scope every class. It was said, " You take all sang out of the bill, but leave labourers and sor- tants. Why do you not take them also?" He believed, when the bill was read a first time, it was intended to take every class of employes from the operation of the penal clause of the Masters and Servants Act. To diminish hostility, however, farm servants and labourers were left subject to its provisions. He thought the j compromise was a very fair one, and the lion. lllQmhnr for t flrtll;..T.««" 1 ? - ~ '-?- * . "- a member for < Collingwood was quite justified in effecting as much as he could. The meaning of the bill was, that trained workman should be exempted from the operation of this act, and it was a very just proposition that they should be so exempt. This measure in England was mixed up with other considerations, and had applications which in this colony did not exist, and yet Judge Williams, in the celebrated case of Lumly v. Guy, said that it was a remnant of feudal serfdom. The question was actually raised here,' and was not yet judicially decided, whether this act extended to trained workman or not. It was true that artificers were mentioned, but it had been held that printers were not included. The pretence for the existence of this measure was, that if one man refused to work; the operations of the employer would be thrown into inextricable confusion, strike the class of printers of those men employed on a daily newspaper suddenly stopped work, in what position would they leave the proprietors Could suspension by any other class of workmen create more confusion and loss and yet it was held that they were not included in the operation of the measure in this colony. He believed that the question of this Masters and Servants Act was raised by every constituency in the metropolis and suburbs at the late election; and he did not believe there was a single member of that House who did not pledge himself to repeal this portion of the act. "Perhaps even the hon, the member for Kilmore made such a statement to his constituents. H I did not believe were it the other end of the three years for which hon. members were elected, that they would have affected to sneer at the bill now introduced, us they had done. He did not believe the members of the Government would speak or vote in the terms of derision which some of the less responsible of their followers had done. He himself thought the act might be repealed, even as far as domestics were concerned; and it was merely to gratify the weak stomachs of certain hon. members that the hon. member for Collingwood had retained that class under the operation of the bill. How did the provisions of that bill accord with motions of the extension of education which hon. members professed The United States had got rid of the Masters and Servants Act, and it existed only in 1 over-peopled countries. In South Australia the worst features of the act were got rid of. It did not exist in Canada. Skilled artisans bore had every advantage which they possessed at home. They had high wages, and he hoped would soon have cheap living. They had obtained for themselves as much leisure as bank clerks at home were possessed of, and he trusted they would maintain their position, no thought the bill did great honour to the hon. member for Collingwood and the question simply was, whether they were to go the length he proposed to relieve the country of this statement could be done and he did not believe the Government, if they took up the hills their laws, would indict any discredit on themselves. Mr. EMBLING was willing to admit that in the old act there was one clause which he would like to see repealed he alluded to the clause by which the masters only had the . power of releasing the servant from imprisonment. He thought that power ought to be left in the hands of the magistrate. (Hear.) He was somewhat surprised at the modesty of the introducer of this measure, in not giving the servant power to lock up his employer. ("Hear," and laughter. ) He thought if any class had a claim for protection, it was that very class that was left unprotected by the framers of this bill, namely the unskilled labourer, who had no pro- tector. (Hear.) The fourth clause of this bill gave power of lining a servant £10 for breach of duty. He should like to know from the real parent of the bill (laughter), how it was proposed that fine could be levied? So far as the bill was concerned there was nothing to prevent a servant so fined from putting his hands in his pockets and walking away. (Hear.) Mr. BARTON was surprised that hon. members would display their ignorance by rushing headlong into the technicalities of a profession of which they know nothing whatever. (Hear.) It would be well if such hon. members were acquainted with their own (daughters ; but for their information he would remind them there was such an act as Jervis's in force in this colony, which provided for such a case as that alluded to by the hon. member for Collingwood, by giving power to fine or imprison in cases of summary conviction. It had been said that the up-country magistrates were in the habit of distorting jun tice. If that were the case, he would say let paid magistrates, who understood their profession, by placed on the bondi. (Hear.) Lot barristers be placed on the bench. ("Hear," and a laugh.) The hon. member might laugh, but it could no; apply to him, as, being a member of that House, he could not take such an appointment, and fortunately doctors were not eligible. (Laughter.) It was, however, to meet such a case that this bill provided that the poorest man, if he felt himself aggrieved by the decision of a magistrate. might remind him Tested:-". I- -''-' - ' might remove the proceedings by certiorari, au I take the opinion of the Supreme Court. THE j hon. and learned member then proceeded to quote some extracts from the work of Lieutenant Colonel Collins on the state of New South Wales, from which it appeared that the settlers in that colony entered into a combination, by which the price of wages was settled at the rate of Is. a-day, or 2s. 6d. without rations, for free labour. That was the rate fixed by men who now-for the squatters and settlers were identical-said they never attempted to fix the price of wages by law, or grind down the labouring man. The hon. member for Kilmore had taunted the introducer of this bill with leaving in the word master." He thought a sufficient answer to that taunt was, that the hon. member for Collingwood had put on the paper a notice of a motion for the total repeal of the whole of these Masters and Servants Acts, but was induced to withdraw it on the statement of the Attorney-General that it would be opposed by the Government. To show that this bill intended to deal equitably with all classes, it was only necessary to point attention to the Oak clause, by which in the case of labourers or others refusing to carry out their agreement, in case i, such as harvesting or sheep-shearing, where their refusal would work injury to the state, imprisonment for one month was allowed. The hon. member for Kilmore said the bill was defective because it stopped short at that point, and did not give punishment to artisans. (Mr. O'shanassy It is inconsistent.") He denied that penal enactments ought to be passed, as the hon, member for Kilmore seemed to desire, because some unfortunate labourer might botch his work, he would like to know did the hon. member himself never botch any thing of (Laughter.) Did the Chief Secretary never botch any? Was not the Land Bill a botch i (Renewed laughter.) He should like to know would the Chief Secretary move for the imprisonment of the Attorney General because he had made a botch of that measure ? (Renewed laughter. Mr. O'shanassy To be sure.") If the hon. member for Kilmore brought bra bill that all botches should be sent to prison, he would join in' it ; but he protested against there being one law for the rich and another for the poor. ("Hear," and laughter.) It was absurd to say there was not a law in this colony for the rich and another for the poor, when a man was sent to prison for £20, and the scoundrel who owed £20,000 was let off. throughout the whole of these Masters and Servants Acts there was not a single clause by which the master could be punished. The master might, indeed, be fined; but as those fines went, not to the servant, but to the Government, he denied that it gave justice to the working man. Lot hon. members say they would have no democracy in this country, and he could understand them; but he could not understand certain hon. members opposing this bill (hour) and he gave the House notice that, if no one else i failed for a division on this bill, he would. | Mr. SINCLAIR suggested that the member for Collingwood should withdraw his bill, with a view to re-introduce it in an amended form. He instanced the case of an artisan being employed by a contractor to superintend a certain work, at a salary of two guineas per day. This artisan gave wrong directions to the men under his charge, and the result was a loss to the contractor, who declined to pay the artisan his wages unless a de- duction were made therefrom on account of this loss. The matter came before a court of law, when it was ruled that the artisan must be paid his full salary, and that the contractor must proceed in the manner prescribed by law for the recovery of satisfaction for his loss. The mtiMin was accordingly paid, and he went at t nee to Collingwood lint, sold off his goods, and by the next morning had disappeared. Now, he (Mr. Sinclair) wished a measure like that before the House to take cognisance of cases of this kind. Great stress had been laid, in tho course of the debate, on the fact of treating such men as felons. He wondered what other company they were fit for when guilty of conduct such as he had referred to. (Hear, hear.) As to the payment of men, when he engaged persons for work, he expected, unless some arrangement were made to the contrary, to pay the balance due at the place where they were engaged. Andes to the matter of notice, he cared nothing about it. If a man were dissatisfied with him, he would have him leave at once. There was no advantage to an employer in keeping a man if a man began to think that an employer could do without him. Under these circumstances he suggested that the bill should be withdrawn, in order that a measure of a fair, honest, and workable character should here of to be introduced. Mr. PRENDERGAST was aware that the working of the present law in the interior, during the last five or six years, had been attended by serious cases of injustice. It was all very well for the lion, mombervsholiad just sat down to talk of Melbourne, where, as in all large centres of population, there was a public opinion that would see justice done to the servant, but in certain places in the interior, where there was no press and no public opinion, the case was different and he was thoroughly satisfied that the i enson of so many working-men settling around Melbourne, at the risk of being unemployed, was that they had heard of the injustice expo lionccd by their fellows who had been labouring in the interior. This was being suffered under the present Masters and Servants Act, and there fore, the ground of public policy, he was thoroughly satisfied it was the duty of the Legislature, as speedily as possible, to alter the present law. He considered that in a civilised country there ought to be no restrictions upon labour more than upon any other commodity. He regretted that the bill was not sufficiently large and comprehensive that it did not meet the whole of the evils which attended the working of the net, or the long series of acts that had owed their origin to New South Wales. But he was satisfied that some change in the law was required, and that immediately, and there fore he should vote for the second reading of the bill. Mr. WOOD should not have troubled the House with any remarks on this subject before a reflection made upon him by the member for North Melbourne. He certainly thought that he might be allowed to hold a conversation with any gentleman in the House without being pointed out for so doing by that hon. member. The member for Kilmore alluded, the other evening, to the way in which the member for North Melbourne thought fit to notice anything of the kind which I took place.' Was he (Mr. Wood) bound to listen to all that the hon. member said? That was not part of the duties that he undertook when he became a member of the House (a laugh), and he trusted, once for all, that the lion, morn- ' ber would not insist upon his listening to him. (Laughter.) With regard to the bill now before the House, he did not agree with all the objections that had been urged against the measure. He thought that the present law of master and servant required amendment. For instance, he considered several clauses in the Act 9th Victoria, No. 27, to be of an extremely harsh character. The fourth section of that act declared that any servant who negligently lost or injured cattle, sheep, or other property, should forfeit reasonable damages, or, in default, be committed to gaol for three months, with or without hard labour. Now, he did not think that a person guilty of negligence should be subjected to this punishment. Again, he found that misconduct of any kind might render a por son liable, within the meaning of the second son tion, to be committed to prison. Therefore, he wished the member for Collingwood had drawn the distinction more widely than he had done between that which was mere n; ghost, and that which amounted to a fraudulent act. A fraudulent act ought not to be treated merely as a debt. Take, for instance, the masons lately imported by Cornish and Bruce. They were brought out at a great expense to their employers, and, for no reason whatever, they refused to enter into their employment. That was something more than a mere breach of contract. Mr. BARTON trusted the hon. member would not allude to cases which were awaiting the decision of a court of law. He was sure the hon. member would not use words calculated to prejudice the cases of individuals for whom he was one of the counsel. Mr. WOOD understood the convictions had been quashed at the General Sessions. Mr. BARTON.-But there are other cases still pending. Mr. WOOD, in continuation, said, without looking at the case of these particular persons, he would ask whether the refusal of a man to enter employment here, after being brought out from Europe at considerable expense, was to be put upon the mere footing of an ordinary debt ? No doubt it was harsh to imprison a man for the non-payment of a debt because he was not in a position to pay it but it was otherwise with regard to a servant. He had, at all times, the means of fulfilling his contract, and, if he did not do so, it was not from want of ability but inclina- tion, and that ought not to be looked at in any other light than fraudulent conduct. For his own part, he should like to see all parties guilty of fraudulent conduct whether tradesmen, artificers, or any other class, punished by the criminal law. Some of the remarks of the member for Collingwood seemed to him unjust, For instance, be stated that the law allowed a master, to give a cheque in payment of wages, and that the servant was able to get it j cashed only at a public- house. But this was not the case. No servant need receive a cheque in payment of wages unless he pleased and the net stated that if a servant did receive a cheque, the taking it would not prejudice the right that he would have had supposing he had not received the cheque., Therefore the provision was not against the servant, but rather in his favour. He did not oppose the bill in any hostile spirit. It was said that those who opposed the ' measure did so with a desire to keep up artiste el able distinctions. So far as he was concerned the accusation was unjust. He had as much respect for the labourer, as he had for any other duns of the community. He believed the artisans and labourers formed a body of men of v\ from the colony might well be proud and he believed that, if a fair representation of the real state of the case were laid before that class, and their votes taken, the majority would be found to f ny-" Punish the man who fraudulently enters into a contract, but do not punish a man for more negligence or inadvertence." It was simply be cause the bill did not clearly recognise that distinction that he was compelled, somewhat re- Instantly, to record his vote against it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DON, in reply, denied the assertion that his desire was to set class against class. His (sympathies extended far beyond the more nar low bounds of the section of society to which he himself belonged.: He could not have the recent law entirely removed from the statute look, and, therefore, he submitted to a compromise, and brought forward the present bill. With regard to what had been said about breaches of contract, he considered it wrong that an unscrupulous agent should be sent to England or Germany to engage men on false pretences, inducing them to sign deeds, the effect of which was not explained, and which had only to be explained here to make them repudiate the contract, When circumstances of this kind occurred, he thought the law ought to interpose between the knave and his victims. There had been one case of suicide in the colony in consequence of this fraudulent conduct. It had been said by the hon, member for Kilmore that he had been too profuse in his pro mises to his constituents. It might be so : but he would do his best to carry into effect all the promises he had made. It was said that statistics ought to have been brought forward in support of his views, but he believed facts were as weighty its statistics; and he would refer hon. members to the case of the three masons who were dragged by the police from the door of the Olympic Theatre to r prison, at Geelong. The most. According to the hon! member for Kilmore if he committed a botch, ought to be committed to an ^;butwouldthoÔovernrnont imprison thought and who built the house that was now crumb about their ears, knowing that the stone WM lord? He wished to give the Government the price of information, that Mr. Knight knew -for he put a stone in the structure that it had, mthoBuildmgMusemn.cnrmbled to powder He would not wish to press the matter to a divU men, and if the Government would give a pledge to amend the bril in their own way, he would withdraw his motion. mT The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it was not the intention of the Government to introduce : ry other bills that possession but both himself and '(leagues were aware of the defects of the Masters, and Servants Act. and would give them > early attention to its amendment. Mr. DON then withdrew the bill. Mr. GREEVES withdrew his amendment: and the order of the day for the second reading of the bill was discharged. b 6d Mr. MOLLISON moved that the House do now adjourn: It was simply a waste of time to K°gotC4rough.nOXt Order of the day could not Mr. L L. SMITH complained that he had had a notice on the paper for three months, and it was almost as far from being disposed of as ever A laugh.) . 2 The House then divided on the question of adjournment, with the following result : - Ayes .... an Noes . .;. ;;: ;?;, gg 5 Majority 13 The House accordingly adjourned at li) o'clock, until the following day. 