COLONIAL PARLIAMENT. NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TnnrisDÀY, OCTOBER 4th. THE SrBAKEB took the ohair at twenty-two minutes tiast three. ___ -I0HU0HD MAILg Mr. WALKER asked the Colonial Treasurer the follow- ing question, vi? -With reference to the mail running between Bichmond and ParrumatU-Why are the mail tugB not delivered at the Blacktown Raliway Station I Mr. WBEKE8, in roply, saul, the circt'nu'anoe aro30 in consequonce of there boina a contract for the conveyance of the malls botween Parramatta a-sd Richmond This contract did not terminate till the end of tbeyeir, but it wouj not be renewed upon its expiry. GREAT NORTHERN UMLWAY. Mr COHEN presented a petition signe! by 2G3Î .In- habitants nf the city of Sydney, and of tho towns ef ,Bast Maitland, Morpeth, and West. Maitland, prey n¿thit the House wonld take the nccessarv stein for the extensor or the Great Northern JÎ. ilway. The petition wis received, and the hon member subsequently gave notice of his in- tention to novo that it be printed THE BUILDING ACT Mr LYONS asked the Secretary for Undi, «Vhethor tie Government aro awaro that the Building Act Is out of print, if to, whether they aie willing to remedy this in- convenience at once ? , _ ,, _ Mr. ROBERTSON said there wero several Buldisg Acts, all of wh oh wore out of print, and he could not, of course, say lo willoh particular Act the qneition had reference The Government did nob take 00/ ustice or Aots being out of print For somntirae p*st o unplaiiifs bad been made that the whole of the nt4tu»es requ re to be reprinted, und arraiigimonti were now bein» nude for bavintr this dono , _ f\RRAAKTT\ ORPHAN SCHOOLi-TUG B*NEVOL«»Ni ASYLUM Dr LANG ashed the Secretary foi Linds the following questions, of which he had given notice, vr -'I. W hether it is tho intention of the Government to ins itn^e spy inquiry during the present session of Ptrliitnenf into the condition and woiking of the Orphan Schools at Per ramatta, in accordance with the intii ation of the inten- tion« ot the Government in the message of his Excellency the Coverr or-General, of date 16 h October, 18r)5 set* luir forth 'the otter inetllciency of the establishments as then conducted, and their failure, in every redact, to ans ver the purpofres for which they wera instituted ! 2 Whether it is the intention of the Government to submit to this House, during the present sessioi of Parliament, »ny pro- posal for the removal oi the Benevolent Asylum from its preset t insalubrious and unsuitable, to some other more suitable ni d salubnons situation ' ' Mr. ROBERTSON, m reply said that since the period nl'uded io several additions had beon made to tho Orolim Echool Building, and valions iinprovomeits had baan effected in order to promo e eflioiency and to increase the comfort of the children With regard to the seo) id question, he thought it would be necossary that s inn steps be taken In respeot to the Benevolent Asylum B it whetlertbe Government cou'd tuite up the question during the present feahion wa» elotibtftil Though fully »live to thoimpoitancoof the mil'ject, there wero m my difllcnltifs in tho way of udoptlng a course which would bd centrally acceptable FLT1T10N OP I IGnT Mr BLACK presented ape ltionsignedbyabiut five bun- dled inhabitants of Sydney, praying the Honse to seen re and embody in any Lana Law that may be passed, certain riihls nnd advantages which it is alleged ara eaaeitial to tho ppiroanent 1 roi-perily and settlement of the csuntry The petition was received, and the hon me nber thej gave 1 otice of his intention to move that it be primed TKNTKHFIELD AND GIlvrTOM KOAH. Mr TfOTT oBker) tho Secretary for Lands ' Whether the Returns have jet been pr< pared which were nrdeied by thiB House on the 14th if Octobei, l8").), with r fere ice to tbe Tei terfield and Gralton Ke)ad , and, if not wbethor tity may be ejpected to be laid upon the tibie during th picstut ECssion ?' Mr KOBI RTSON rep^od that the returns referred to were very lengthy, and tims the tlolay had nrisou Tney were, howevei, now in a forwai i state, and ho thought it probable thev would be ready by Tu sday next CROWN LANDS ALIENATION BILL Mr. ROBERTSON said : In rising, Sir, to move the second reading of the Crown Lands Alienation Bill, I desire to say that I propose to pursue the same course as that which was taken by me when I asked leave to intro- duce this measure, so that when an exposition shall have been made by me as to the policy of the Government with regard to the alienation of the public lands, it may be perfectly competent to every- body to see, at a glance, what that policy really is, and so that the whole intent and object of the bill may be either affirmed and determined by the House or the measure be prevented from going past its second reading. It will doubtless be in the memory of almost every hon. member of this House that the question as to the aliena- tion of the Crown lands bas been 0ne which has, since the inauguration of responsible government, oc- cupied a larger amount of the attention of the Government than almost any other Previous no doubt, to the inauguration of Responsible Government, the matter was one upon whioh there exited great differ- encc of opinion, but since the era to which I allude this question as to the alienation of those lands has ever been a subject of verv particii'ar consideration, not only to members of that House but to the country at large. The first Land Bill that was pi epared, subseque it to the com- mencement of Responsible Governme it, was by the then lui), member lor Jluriumbid^ee, Mr Ilsy, during the ti ne that that gent eman wis in otice That bon gentleman had then prepared a bill winch WAS not passed into law in enscqnence of its having been, is a matter of Ojurse, l"td a ide when the ¡Winistn with which he was conne tBd went ont of office Iamju tilled in thnsulindingto th*t bil), ns it waH one which was prmled and published in the news- papers ir. the colonies, although never introduced into this House. The next bill pr'pirel was one which was brought in by the Cowper Government when Mr. Joies waa Secretary for the department of the Troi snrj, atd when 5011, Sir, were in »thoa as the Pecretary lor the department of Lan Is omi rnblic Workp, That bill piovided that bat o 10 special ot the public lands should bo ex»n'pted from nu lion, uni that Elands Minnlrt be put up to au tio«i as usu ii, but at 11 reduced upset puce This bill was thrown out,-and OH my motion. I objected to ¡t becauso it did not extend to the circumstances ot the smaller agricultural oooapiers of iurd ar vantages which it did lo occupiers of id id engaged in pastoral pursuits 1 endeavoured, . «s it will bo lemonibered, to ongiaft on that bill snob clauses as might have the en>ct of rectifying that which I conceived to be so objeotionab'o Failing, how- ever, to effect the modification winch appeared to me to be BO desirable, the bill was thiown out on tho motion fir go- ing info committee. 8incethrt time, we have hoard of seveial bills of a similar nature-land bills-bning intio dneed or passed in tho diflwent I ejlalatures of New ¿ n land, of Victoria, and if Queensland, and var ous ofier colonies. These mensures have all of them boen m îtuallj different as to their respectivo provisions, but in every one of them provision has been made for that very principle fcr which I contended m tho amendments wh oh I desired to engraft upon the provisions oi the last named bund Bill. Hveryone or tbeBB bills has admitted this the T_nnciple I then laid down was a right one but they took other means than those which seemed to mo to be elilcientfor earning them out The next measure that was introduced into the L gla'ature wes ore brought ra by myself iii 1859 It was sub- stantially the same as that which I have now brought under the attention of the House, anil which I ask them to pass irto law. 'J he Lind Alienation Bill gave to the «nailer holders of land tho moans ot procuring it without rompt tition, without delay, and at a fixed price I do not think it 1 ecessury for me to occupy the time of the Home by referring to the history of the question, for that must be pretty well known to all hon. members Sutlice it to say, that roy object in framing the present Crown tiajds alienation Bill hos been to provide a Byster« under whioh »lore the nubile lands of the colony shall lia per- manently alienated For that reason, all provnus Acts that relate to or aflect the sale of pub'lo lands of the colon} are repealed by the fir t clause of the WH. It will be found that there are a number ol clauses in the 1 ill, to which I apprehend no objeotion will ba made. One ot these is the fourtli clause, which provides that the Government may give sites for certain publio purposes. It provided also that the Government may rescind any réservation previously made, where no land has actually been used. Tie reason for this ti, that in tbo olden ti ne, reteivations from sale weie very frequently, and vciv 1111. providently, made all over the counti y. These reservations are very numerous,Tmd amount in the aggregate ts a vaiy laige quantity of land, most of it being some of the most valuable land in the colony, and the bill provides that the Government may rescind any such reservation as they may consider necessity, but that in the event of their stj doing, an absttact of all su b rescissions shall be laid before Parliament within one month oi their being decided upon, if the Pirliarue it is sitting, er withiu one month after its raeoting, if the Honse should be m recess The Government then are of opinion that, while they conceive it to be their duty to ask the Iloime to give them pow er to resoind these re3ervatior s, jet that it would not be correct of them to maUo any change, without giving the Parliament some moans ot r Knowing what they were doing in the matter. I have taid that the bill provides for rescinding certain lesi-rvA tions, but it also allowed the Government to îatain from sale lands that might be required fur any isilwav or rail waj station , ni y public road, canal, or other internal comnnnication , any public quay or Unding place , any publio reservoir, aqueduct, or watercourse, 01 lor any purposes of defence , or as the site of any place ol public worship , or of any hospital, asylum, 01 inlirmaiy , 01 of any public market or slaughter-house , or for the inter mt?u °í tlie dead ' 01 for any college, school, mechanics' iiHitute, public libiary, muätiim, or other institution for public inktruction or amusemont, or for any pasturage common"; oras any area for public health, recreation, conveniPiice, or enjoyment, or for any oth-r public pur pous jiut upon ali occasions an abstract of all such «,,hrn,ftll0I>9 ,s. t0 be lttld "ifr'0 Par nment !" 1 ,a certain period. The sixth claiiho £rb,l ,¿,i'ln,la held under less« previous lo the 22nd «inn i.fJ[5' 1 ' ?re t0 ba "«"»Pt from sale, exo<-pS whm r,Hh ï_ n fve bee" w,thdrawn from leisein accirdance with the Orders in Council. The effect of this olauae may be Unis staled -Certain persons hold lurga quant ties of lane! under the Orders in Council, and it ii not proposer! by this Act to place such lands In nu /1 thor position than that they now bold under the present law lb has not been thortpht right by mjself and myer-!!»* 'ii*" thitthelrr vurri rrn t chimld repudiate any eng..¿. ~i t o tnwtl it to with tnird prrties under tho OrdotB in Corueil , a; el thercioro nuv provision fir deaJutg with ti u s e a »f «nd i ( Id w 1er these leai.es will bo limited only to the po var ol sue ¿¡ven by the Orders in Com oil These L,ÍVO the Guv rn n a6 the rieht of making reservations out of ths la di so held for the purp ge of agriculture and to this the power will be limited. I have always thought that the Orders ia Connell were very unwisely milo, aid tn*fc the bind given to the«e pnstorul people was must imirovi dently bestowed, but at the same time I do not feel th it it would be a right thing fir the Oovornme t tirepndiite any of three engagements feeing the evil e-f the ex st- ing' state of things, when I carno Into olilco in 1853,1 took a conr«e winch has had the oflect from that time to the pretor t to leave the whole m ittor opon, and to lunve tho represor tatives of tho people to du as ttrnv ni'e.lit th uk fit witl- all land granted from that time fir pwtoril purposes I ontalued that the Governor by the advice of tre .Executive should issue certain redoutions regird ing the terms on which Cr iwn Unds should there ifter be orcnp'ed, and amongst the conditions was one to this f ft, ct -That no tendor for any run won d ba accepted unless upon the special oondition tint the oo cupation of tho land or the tomare of thi leise si ould bo Ruhject to any new or modill d cou lltton that the LegMalure might thi k fit to impose. Prom the time ol issuing this regulation a clause n is been losorlel to the Bame effect, in every lease or promise of leone that has boon issued. It is for this reason, then, that Ï speak in the claude now refonvd to, of excluding only such lands as had been taken tip nrevtons to the 2ind February, 18»8 as tho Purin» merit will ba\o full and perfeot right to legislate upon all other land» held under leane Under the Orders of Cenrcilatrnin the Hquatteis were permutad to purchase lund held bv them under le IBS, to a certain extant, with out condition, and nt a pri e 'o b°> died by valuation, but, by the latter part of the clause I am i ow jeferring to, it is proposed to limit the u<e of their right, while no such right of pre omptive poro îase is ffiven to the pastoral peop'e who htvd taken up their Unte since the 22nd February. The bill next provides for Beveral special oircnmstnnces nn i«r which 1 ind may be sold hy appraisement, and 1 »li ill now endeavour ti> point ont u der what Bpeclalit'es the bill allowa of pmohase without competition, and ut an appraised vu ue Parsons may, within twelve months after the pass ng of this o.ct, take on valuation land on which they have uade pâma- ient improvements, or where land is withdrawn fiona lease by tho Government under the Order» in Cnu icll, the price lot being less than the minimum upvat price of the class ot land as set forth in the Act Now this clause will provide for coses like this lithe towi ship of Soin a, for ex impie, a numler of people have bnllthonses noon Government land It WAS n it the fault of these people that the Government did not sell them the laid ii he re are many lionnes of great value built upon it, some worth £1000 others £2000, at least» e\ pinion of ti e o'auee is ior the purpose of enabling these oeoalo to have the land nt an epiiaised value, without îefere ice to ti e v»lue 11 the buildings , the vatua ot thu apjraiäo uent to he Hied by sworn v doers I will state how theie valuers ore to bo appointed when I come to the clause relating to that snb[ect It will be sauciflnt in casen of lane) in such circiimstaneoä BH that which I bave allti 'el to, at dafila, and there are other towns on the gold-ililds similarly oncumstanced, if the persons who erected the houses are permitted to take the land at Buch appraise i vatua, in any case where thoy shall not luve more than hilf ai acre, in a towrship, or more than 320 acres of countiy lands fee bill does not make this imperative but merely says Ile (. overmneiit may This limitation is made to prottct the gold digaer, who may be interested in the purehase of tho land This clause also gives the Government power ta sell lind where public houses, stores, shops, ¿lo, have been erected upon p storul occupinoies of th« squatters Largo i timbers ot I ersons haie erected good houies of different kt ein on the pastoral lands-sawjars, backsmtths, storeka per», &a.; A» the law now stands it wori.s iii this way The squatter gives authority to a Bto-ektepor to build houses on his semaltage. TLe storektepir, in all good faith, builds the house. The squatter thei, in many Instances th it have come before me, nppl os to the Government lor the house aid lard in virtue of t'te 'mprovomonfc The linne that he hag induced the storekeeper to build is tins made the »quitter's claim, mid, m virtue of this os an improvement, he applies ior the lund, and before I came into office it »as the prac- tice of the Government to give it (NA ne, name) I c uld mention a Lnndrcd rnmeg, but I do rot intend to do so It is not a propei cour.e to in term pt a debate m this rr-anper 1 ivill endtnvonr to be us brief as I can, and willmot otenpj the House longer than is necessary. What- ever m a) ho thooljectof lion membeis, h iwever favour- able thev may bo to prschees of this sort, I believe them to be wrong una tho provision I havo thought propar to make will put a stop to them Ho doubt many pastoral people won d scorn to take a conise of that kind, but many ol them ha\e dore it I could mention instances if I chose, «liera a man s house worth some, £2003 was taken troin him ju^t before I caine into olfioe, and given to the nastoi al occupier (who had never hu i out a shillin; upsn it) in vittu* ot the improveruei t. l'ho Givernrae t--oiilJ grart no land to a iy person except to tne p «toral occupier, but I do not understand why the len I should he granted them fei improvements made by other people, and I put ft stop to it When I cime into the Government, I conbiderel it should be given to the rightful ownor, not lo the pistoral o onpioi. Mhile 1 took upon rajsalf the respo siln itj of refu- iig the land to the gqnittor, I had not the poviei or selling the land to the p rsons whi built the house It miglii- bo that soma Minister cf Lal dB m»y vet hold enVe who mny be disposed tj give ti e land to the squatter , and I wou d like to put it out ol the power of any Minister to gue it to any other than the llgl-t peThon, tim is, ha who built the house, who should have it at a prion to bo fixed b> appraisement, being the fair value of the land, ii respect ive ot improve niertF The clanto also provides that at the terminât! m of the lease of a p tstorul oceup in', he shall be pormitte 1 to have his improvcacnte, 1 r whit is sauce for the gcose is sanco for the gander Ii it is right to give the storekeepers tliolr improvements, I cannot see why the iqnatterhhonldnot boa lowe! to purchase the land he might have improved at an appraised value also In all caaes in these crlonies the Govertmonthave reserved tothemselvei the right to take allotments of land foi the general benefit of tbocommnuilv, and espec ally for the manigement of water supply, 'ihis is according ti tho ssveifi ohusu The eighth oh use is oí o somewhat similar in charactei, pioviding for CHECB of a i-peciu] olass The provision is that the Government may proclaim its intention to take np land bing below ililli wntei mark in any harbour or livor (Wool oomooloo Bay and Dalling Harbour for instance), take lOBsessicn of it hil it in, and soil the lan! so ro cHiued But considering that certain persons have a sort of vomirai watei frontag» the nuter at lu^li tide cimitig np to their premises, if their purohases sn.UIn any dara 12e hy this reclamation of lind bv the Goveramont, their IOSB shall be determined hy appraisement, ai d the Government rn\ tie amount Tbe erection of walls, waarves, or othei lmpiovoments to be taken into cons! 1er ition Tno ninth clause protides for the same« lass of cases but for an opoodte Htnte ol tilings It provides for dealing with cases ot this 1 ind Where ti o Government, decline to fill in or reclaim, where ti ej do not think it desirable to expend the oubho moue) m tilling mor reolaimina these lands, where the Ooven mci t do i ot desire to fill in these lands, the Governor, with the advice ot the Executive Council ' may authorise anv propiietor of land having fionteuee to any harbour or river, to lill in nnd reclaim any land adjoining thereto, and lying bevot d or he'ow hij»h water mirk or to erect a wharf or jetty upon or over the same and on pav ment oi an adequate nionej consideration to be determined bj appraisement such land or any laid whioa miy alratdy have been so reeluiraed under competent auth »rlty shall become vested in tee simple in such proprietor, and may he granted to him accordingly " Tim*, by theie two clame« we propose to deal with t! e who e question of the reel mntipn oi such lands as thoso at the head pf Woolies. kooloo Bay and Darling Harbour. The tenth clause provides that ni er sutllcient notice In the GAZETTE shall have been given, roads which ate considered iinnecesaarv maj he closed up and sold te the porsons interested in the land adjoining There are many instances in this co^ny wheie ptiaous have bought perhaps fortj acres of land in ten acres lots, having roads between tuera Those roads are of no use whatever to other persous, and only damag irg to the peisons holding the lots of land which they intersect. By the sale of these roads the owner of the four lots will be enabled to fence them in, farm them, ia fact make the land in«full) available far better than if the useless roads ore allowed to run through them I think it will be found that a great number of persons »ill be bene liltd by tills provisioi, and no damage to any will »rise from it Of com se due notice in the GAZETTE will havo to be given to all parties ceneerned. Ano bei special mode of soiling land is provided under the lltb clanse, and it provide», that when thus is no access to land, " where a portion of Ciown land mav 1 e between land aliearl) granted and a Btreefcorroad which forms, m should form the way of approach to such graited land, or in which buildings cieoted on lands alreadj ¿ranted maj have extended ovci Crown land, or in any other cises of a Ike kind" the Governoi may, with tie id vice of the Bxeoutlve Council, sell and grant such lands to 1 older or holders ot tho aljacont lands with- out competition, and at a price to be determined bv ap praUement In the city ol Sidney some persons had built on these portions of land. One of the Banks had built on ft narrow slip of land, 2 foet wide, with a frontage running to nothing, at a distance of eighty Ie lJmm . "'« road, and as it is ot no iuo to the ocvernment, therefore the land might be said to the bank «Vi m.re ""«y'»»lances of tho case in point wuere there îiilïï s"Y0ft(l9 thJt ,are tewBi In-aomo of them are, and KlT^* cKine(i' but 80me not of ""a "nd »"Sût not to r£»M_"Li Tl1.s.e »"cce8 of land wil1 be B0l(1 «"der tim wanted for rnlu W*?"»»«»»! P«>wd that they aro not ZM mi road!' D"t »here thev are they will be with derate^mlTwVT''}1 °ther cas8s *hera«"» ol«u» w.» toP «nowînmi\»,iSa ,rt0 comB>'Uee, X thmk I will bo able tbl S? Th» ÏIX°*1t0 mdn,M hon membBrB t0 PT mi« cianse ino 12th clnu e makes prov sion foranotlmr si eçUI mode of se ling land. In all the oldTant8,T m a ?Vwtrn"U"mber°rf °wT»t» '«a Government^« ese. ved the f/onfngo of some four lods back along the rivers Take Parramatta ßher, lor example, and I bXve in every case the Government have resened gome four rods I in ti e old grants of water frontage of all land along the river. Ar.d it has been the practice of the Government it wes tbe practice of all previous Governments, at anv rate, on the app'ication of the parties who held the Una to resLird theso reservations, and the Governor-General hasfreni time to time undur bia hand rescinded nia-iy of tbiseitservatlorii. Noiv, it seems to me tint it th^so rescissions i.re fe- bo made- if the Government is to bave tho power to extend Hie gi ants of these proprietors, HU ;h as those I have referred to nu the Parramatta r ver, that theso rescissions of reservations should only be made on the pnblic being paid a fair value for that which is to bj «ives to tbe holders of tho Und. Many large grants oi land have been made without conmder.Uion whatever, therefore the holders of the grant* are pretty well eff, and there is »a reason why we shou'd erantthem »ore than wat granted to thom in the omar e*avs of tho colony, without bavins something as recoa pense lo the Government lor the rescission of thesei ¿nervations At the same time, it would be wrong to sell ti e lai.d to any other parson, beouuse it would be damaging to the holders of the land behind the land resorved. The clause does not provide that the land may recessarlJy be granted, but that the Government may, when thej are sat'Bfled no damage will be done to the r.nblio interest, that they may rescind those réservation» in favour of the holders of the adjacent land, without com- petition and at an appraisi'd value, and those are the whole of the special modes of gale thac J. nave lelorred to some time back when I mentioned tntv, first one. The next clanse, If it is passed, win introduce a new principle into the land polioy et the country. Jf it is passed, and the other clauses which it will bo necessary also to pasB ; if these clauses aro pastel into law, then any person who ¡B dosirous may take up land for the purpose of occupation, without com- petition and without delay. I have alwiyi been of opinion that, in parting with the pabilo property to any individual, the 8tate is entitled and ought to obta n the fall value, and tbat when the lan.ls were banded over from the public to any iudivnlual that that individual should show that be m prepared to give the lull value to the State for the Und j and wbeu tho parson merely undertakes to pay money, mere money, and nothing but money, and gives no conditions bat m mey, then I hold that tie proper mode of transfer fiom Mm State to the individual is by auction. If tbo person is to give money, and nothing but money, and is to enter into no condition whatever, the State is entitled to give tho land to the mun who gives the most moHey, because the money will then go to tho benefit of the general enmmnnity in going into tbe publio revenue of the colony. And it will be found that there isa provUioiiu tbe Bill for del lug land by auction to the highest bidder. But I have always been of opinion that money, mero money, is not the bist value. (Cheors.) That more money is not the bett value a man can »ive for the possession ot a freehold. (Hear, hear.) I have always been ofopinioi that a man who WHB willing to take np a portion of tho publio lands aid undertake to reside upon it, and improve it. and thus faoiiitate the development of tke resources of- the country -that this man did somrthing more than give mere money for the land. (Hear, hear.) And in dealing with the tale of the public lands, 1 think tlut no mun should be bound to resido OH tho land or cultivate it, or be tied to it In any way he disapproves of. If te dislikes ths condition of improvement, why then let Jiiru buv ¡and at auction. I admit his right to buy at auction what he likes j but whore a man wii) undertake to resido on and improve his land, and thus increase the va'ne of the adjacent public land, I am and bnve always been of opinion thai wo ought to recognise tbo distinction between that man and the man wno merely buys for speculative purpose«, and 1 have thought the btsst und tnoBt prncticalmode of giving a man ttis benefit would be to let bim have the land without competition, without delny, and at a minimum fixed price. I think that the man who will undertake to do these things-that the man who will give this greater value tlinn mere money- should not be rnn off the laud by any person who gave more money, bnt that ho should have the land without competition without delay, and at a fixed price. (Hear, hear.) Well, if we ure to sell land to some peop'e, with some conditions-what conditions? And I ui. prebend that at this time of day no one doubts tbat we are to eell land with conditions ¡ Í apprehend that if wa aro io seil lund with conditions that we must take special care to see the conditions are full} carried out. And bow is this beat to be done is the question. And it seems to me the best mode of insist- ing on this residence and improvement is to d»eline to ac- cept the whole of tbo purobase-rooney at the time of sale,1 but only to receive it at the end of a period when the Government will have the moaiiB of ascertalhing whether or not this improvement, this residence, has been carried out. And I prcposo that persons going ou the land should bj permitted to do so without delay and without coraprition, andttat they should have possession of the land on their pi yiiig down twenty- 9ve cent, of the purchase-money ; the remaining seventj-tive per cei.t. to remain for three yeirs. Thus the title in tbe mean time not being give i until the end of three years, tbe Government will have the means ot kr.own-g whether the residence and ''mprov^menb were carried out, and the occupier of the land will have tne great advantage to a i.ew settler of having seventy-five per cent, of his money to aid him in stoclrir.g his farm, and improving it and carrying cut his farm operations, li must not betbonght bicause this provision for deferred payment is introdnced that it is necessarily supposer! to be desirable in the abstract. (Hear, hear.) Bat it isa* means of insisting upon residence and improvemaiit, they being conditions upon which the State gives to the cccupier his land without competition of the capitalist or of any person whatever. ProvisiOfs of this kind will do ii-fay with what I believe has done more to damage the agi (cul- tural interest than all other diiilculties the tinners hive liBd to contend with-tbe difficulty of getting possession of the land (Hear, hear.) I attach very little mipnr .tance, indeed, to the mere price of land, I do not bsiteve that has been a source i f great trouble to any person desirlrg to become a purohatcr of land. (Hear, bear ) But tbo frightful delays to which the new furnier is subjected-delays which, during: many years, I have tod an oppottunity of witnessing-have no doubt bad the efleet of placing those desirous of purciaiing in a position of great temptation. They have had to wait in townships -it may be in public- houses- irom month to month, and in seme instances for j ears, for the land to be submitted to corni etition ; and at la-it in many eisen it has been ran up bj some wealthy proprietor, and they have been uuable to obtain it at all. A provision of tiiis kind, giving the pf op'e a right to obtain land without delay, will in my cpinloii tend largely to check tho frightful intemperance w hich prevails among a large portion of the people ot this colony. I believe, too, that it will do more ta clear Svd ney t'nd the other large towns of the colony ol'their super abuhdai t population, and thus faoiiitate tho employ- ment of the people tiiafc may remain, tian any other course which it is in the power ot the Legislatuie to adopt. Although, when I brought forward a proposition of this kind sjmo three j ears ago, I was only able to obtain a very 'ew members of the AbsHLbly to vote for it, I think, judging by the cheer» of the hon gentlemen on both »ides of the House in favour of this immediate cccupation of land asd imwediate «ale that it will now meet with more favour, and it is scarcely necessary for me now to do imre than pass bril fly over the provisions of the clauses for canyiig out an object of BO great importanco. The 13th clause provides tlat land without improvement, not on the gold-fleldp, and not within ten miles of ajiy town of 10,000 peop'e, or more than five miles from any'town having 5030 inhabitants, or two mues fVom any town ot 100 people, and not reserved for a town or for any public purpose shall be open f»r Bale under these clauses. Now, Sir, the objeot of these restrictions I apprehend must be obvious. While the Government are desirous of enabling persons to settle upon the land without delay, they aUo wish to avoid every rick of aboso-every riBk of a person tskiug up lands Bimply because of their large value, and not for the pur- pose of farming. The clause also provides that land held i under lease previously to the 22nd February, 1853, shall not be open for this free selection, excepting where it may have been reserved under tie Orders in Ujuncil forthat purpose. I have already explained the reason of this. The clause makes provision that persons desirous to take np tbeBe lands may take up not lesn than 40 and np to 3<0 acres; that they shall furnish to the land office on any day on which it is legally open, a description of the land, and deposit 25 per cent, of the purchase-money; apd that in the event of two or more penong coming at one time (and two or more persons cm only come at one time, by being at the door when the land agent opens his office in a morning- at any other time one mus.t be first) the purchaser sball be determined by lot. The next clause provides that the land agent shall kesp a boot of record, to be open to the insDection of the publio, and extracts from which are once a week to be sent to the Government for tbe purpose of keeping them informed ns to the action taken umler this clause. The fouiteentb. c'ause makes a provision for salo without compati tior, on the gold-fields, the provisions being ' the same £ng thoBe I have already referred to. But there is this distinction, that the Government may procUim )»r,ds on the gold-fields to be excepted from the oparMlon ff rho provisions. That is, the Government may by pro- clamation determino whit lands on the gold fioMa sball bo excepted from this mode of sale, and that land occupied for gold digging purposes shall not be sold in this way. The 16.h clause is n vciy Important one, »nd I will therefore read It to the Houte. It provides, '. If at the time of conditional pur- chase of any Crown land under sections thirteen and fourteen of this Act snob l»nd shall not have been sur- vend by the Government, temporary boundaries thereof may be determined by the conditional purchaser, who shall within one month occupy the land. And any dispute be- tween Mich piiichaeer and any other person claiming any intei est therein respecting suob boundaries, shall be Bettled by arbitration." This clause provides that land may be taken up under this bill whether surveved or nriBurveyed (hear, hearj- that tho mero fact of the lana not Wing suivejed stall not prevent persons desirous of making homes for themselves from taking possession of Ihe land, and making a. temporary boundary of tHeir holdings. In the event of any other person beitu in- terested in tho land adjoining, these temporary bjundarios ai o to be fixed by arbitration. The provision is a very im- portant one, and it is one which I bave no Joubt will be objected to by many hen. members-(boar, hear)-bnt I think, if they will give me their attention, 1 shall be able to show that it is rot so objectionable as they may seem totbiik. It Is of tbe greatest possible advantage to the new helder, and will save the delay consequent on waitui ' for turvey. The land can be surveyed afterwai da, and the boundaries fixed by the Government, and any water ] reef rvation made. A man could, In fact, put his wife and fhroily on his waggon and, as in America, drive away to the first piece of unoccupied Crown land, without being suljected to any delay. He no¿d consult no Surveyor i;er,oial cr Government, hut. only his own ci.ivenitjno» and the feelings of his r ¡fe and family. This facility of obtaiu iig loi.d wrs-ld «ove him from spending his jnoiey by hai.gmg about country towns, au I would save him also from the risk of contracting habits of intemperance or wasting ins mear.n. Ai d it will also save the departments of the Government a large amount of expenditure, by preventing parsons applying for surveys merely to annoy pastoral occupants, or fortrie mere B»be|of sport or amusement, as was no deubt frequently done. As the law now stands any person cBn oddress a letter to the Minister of Linds or to the Surveyor-General, requesting that a survey ba male of cerleln lands, and the Government must oitlior act upon thee app'icatiois or tot. If they acted on them, and sent imvejors, as they lind frequently done, it might be found after all that the land was not really wante-1, and thus the country was put to an unnecassary expense, (Hear, hear.) This fact was proved by the oiroumstanoa that there were now nearly half a million of acres of land surveyed, whioh was not required for occupation. (Hear, hear) And I need scarcely toll the House that the surveys of this half- million of acres must, I ave put the country to an enormous expense.-[A voice: It was the fault of the 8nrvey department] (Hear, t hear )-I deny that it was the fault of the Purvey iepnrtment. But evan if it were, this clause afloréis the very best means of curing the fault. (Hear, hear.) And I think 1 can show pretty clearly täat it w.w not the fault of the department. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Forster.) Suppose twenty or thirty lettara were sent in to the Government-and I am not puttisg an imaginary case-asking for the survey of land in a particular district. How aro the Government to know whether tho land is actually required, or whether the apuboUion is made either to the Minister of Lands or to the Bnrvejor-General merely for the amuse- ment of the" applicant. The application must either be assented to or refused. If the application was rafnsed, it reicht happen that an injustice was done. If, on the other fiatd, the surveyors were sent out, it might turn out that the land was not takenup, and thus the cost of the survey wus just so much expeuse wasted. ( Hear, hoar.) Now, the power of selling without previous Burvey meets this diflieulty. (Hear, hear.) The payment down of twenty-five per cent of the purchase money bofore the survey takes place will operate as a oheok npoB such prao t ces, and be a ptianmtce that the party applying is really desirous of buying tho land whioh he desire» to have fuiveyed. (Hear, hear) But, Sir, it moy happen that the Government may have diBhunest surveyors in their employ. (Hear, hear.) It maybe that favouritism would obtain in the offices of ;ihe Government- (Heir, hear)-and I have no hesitation in saying that I balieva it has prevailed at ono time to a very large extent in this colony. It may happen that fcomo person possessing large influence with the Sur- veyor-General, or with the Minister of the Crown, w*a not desirous that a pariiculor block of land should be sur- veyed. In such, a case, it is in the power of the Minister, or the Buiveyor-General, or even the surveyor, ,o throw various obstacles in the way lo prevent a survey being made. But, Sir, by a pro- vision of his kind, a check is provided against all sorts of proceedings of the kind. If an application far survoy was made, and any offlolal thought it unfit to comply with it, be would be subject to hive his decision questioned from the fact that tbe parson applying will have paid Iii» 25 per cent, of the purchase k money, thereby proving his sincerity. With such a pro * vision, he would be very shy of rnnning the risk. Bat as ; the case stands sow, the surveyor might easily refuse an k application, and the minister Might easily justify himself i on being brought to account for not ordering a survey, by producing the official report of his subordinate that the lund was not wanted. Hore would be a complete answer to anything that might be, required in this Hutisa. This is how laveuritism could prevail under the existing law. But, Sir, what answer could be made, when the person app'ylng paid down his twenty- five per cent, as provided by this bill '/ On what grounds could u survey be refused when the sincerity of the applicant is thus testified ? I desire by this bill to put the Minister above all suspicion of favouritism, I desire that neither he nor his subordinate should have the power of exercising favouritism. I pruposo tint it shall be ¡u the power of every man to obtain his survey by paying down his instalment of the purchase money. (Bear, hear.) And, Sir,,I think so highly of this principle that I shall consider the bill materially impaired if it be not cmbedied in it. I shall be fully prepared to defend the prihciple when the proper time arrives for my doing so. It appears to me that this provision is only fair towaids the pastoral occupants themselves. The Govern- ment havo now the power, and it has from time to time availed ¡tseir pretty freely of it,-of maning laige reserves of the publlo lands; and I say it IB not fair that the pastoral occupent ' should be in the position of being liable to have hut run taken ou the report of a surveyor. But willi the provision in force which 1 recommend, persons deering to pur- chase a porfíen of »run would have to nay down twenty tire per cent-, and the pastoral occupant would not be left the victim of those who might adopt this means of venting their spite and ill-will and not be disposed to purchase. It appears to mo only right and just, both as "refundsthe pastoral occupant and the agriculturist, that the land should be subject to this provision. But, Sir, as I think it not unlikely that this clause will meet with a great amount of opposition from some hon. members, I nia\ be permitted to make a few more observations con- cerning it. It will be in the recollection of many bon. niembtrs that in the year 18S7, yon, Sir, with your large experitcce of the administration of the public lands-and 1 believe no man in this country is better acquainted with the subject than yourself-it will be remembered, I svy, that you introduced a resolution affirming the principle wbicb I now lay down in this bill, that the public lands should be open to sale without survey. (Hear, hear ) A long debate took pUce, Sir, on jem motion, but I well recollect that almost every man H ho had any pretensions to liberality of opinion voted in favour of your resolutiohs. I remembsr that although he said aB much as possible against it ia his speech o.i the occasion, that tve« tho bon. member for Queanbeyan weat wn h vt.u in tile atllrmation of the principio. Mr. FORSTER : "Mis-reported." (A laugh.) Mr. KOB_ItT¡SON¡ I remember the circumstance perfectly j at any rate the vote of the hon, gentle- man was nat miareporled. That was given right enough, and is on the records of the Iliuie. (LaufihUr.) Sir, with your extensive expedience and knowledge of the land system, in that ré- solution you affirmed that the cid system ot occupation, as it ex'sted under Governor Macquarie, was unobjection- able ¡ and it is exactly this principle tli.it I niw desire xa embody in tho bil). It was the only system whioh pre- vailed in former years ; it was the 8) steal uuder which all the old settlers had procured their land. I know it was the system under which my father obtained his grants, ai.d I kuow also it was the systoai under which the parents of the honorable member (Mr. Oxley) obtained their magnificant property, though I doubt whether I shall And tho hon. members going with me now for the general application of this just and equitable system. No great damage was done to the country uader that good old system of Governor Macquarie, and I do hope bon. members on the other side of the House will not be disposed to refuse to people of the humbler clashes, who may des're to make themselves homes, those very opportunities and advantages willoh may have, very possibly, been the foundation of their own prosperity. The system is the one which is still ia practice in America. There, they baTe never deserted the good old system, and those who in that country went into tho Interior and found land, took up their dwelling thcieonfarin advance of the outer limits of civilisation. 1 he land BO occupied was, when still unsurveyed, sold by \- if« holders to new Bettlers with its " betterment«," or as we should term them, with its improvements. This too is that Bamesystem underwhiohthesqnattersof this country (a very different class of persons) have made their wealth. (Hear, hear, from Mr. HOSKINS.) And I am, I muât confess, somewhat surprised to find that these gentlemen, who have themselves so largely benefited by the opera- tion of a lil e principle, should nevertheless now be the fore- most in opposition when a land system, based on that very principle, is sought to be extended to others. They have objected to it that it was a picking ont of the eyes of the country ; but I never Baw that they took snob a view when their own immediate interests were concerned, and they were "picking out the eves of the country" on their own account. (Laughter.) I do not desire to see any advan- tages given to the intending purchasers and ocoupiers of land for agricultural uses which wauld prove to be incom- patible with the interests of pastoral people. But I do desire to see that advantages may be given to those who desire to engage in agricultural pursuits quite eqnal to those which are given to those who are engaged in pastoral avocations. I desire to see the present objectionable sad exclusive system thus finally swept away. The principle which I have embodied in this meaBure is virtually the same as that which baa been in corporatcd in the Queensland Bill. In that colony, it has been proposed by that measure to havelarge reserves, not 1 surveyed, but still kept back from alienation for pastoral proposes-for the sake of being sold as Bmall agricultural farms, I happen to know that that proviso was taten out of my bill. If such a prin- ciple is tiue and important there, (where the popu- lation consists but of a few thousands) it is one applicable with still greater force here, where the popnlatlon is hy hundreds of thousands of persons mare numerous. There the Legislature lias proposed to have several reserves of thousands of acres for agricultural purposes, but hero we require whole districts to be set apart for stich uses. In New Zealand, abo, bon. members will recollect, peuple do not have to wait for land to be surveyed before they proceed to occupy it Why, I would ask, is the land policy of this colony to remain behind that of America and elsa where? And why should there bo greater restrictions and difficulties interposed in the way of the possibility of people obtainirg hernes h»re than in other ctuntrles '1 Tho system of fifty years ago, urcer Governor Macquarie, was ono whioh was attende t with great inccess, and I cannot Bee why tho paopla should row have to wait for a survey. Tho seventeen',!! clause of the bill provides thnt the blocks of land selected rot exceeding 320 acres if unmeasured, and having water frontage shall, if in the settled districts, have a depth of not lojs than tweety chains, and if otherwise a depth «f not less than forty. It alto provided for the forma of the blocks of land conditionally pur- chased, and Hie direction cf the boundary lines | to be at right angles with the water frontage The 18th clause of the bill sets forth the conditions to be imposed OB to reoido'.ce, improvement, and payment of pnrcbaso money. It provides that the purchaser may have three years to poy the pnrchase monov ; that the im- provement to be mado by him during that interval -"hull be to the value or BO much per cent, i that after tbo lapse of the three j ears, further time may be ulUrded to the pnrciiaser at an increased per eentage upon tbe purchase money ; and finally, that in default Of compliance with the I requirements of tbe bil), the land shall be sold, and the surplus, if any, handed over to tbo purchaser. By the 20tb clause of the bill, the purchasers of portions of Crown lands of not more than 280 acres mny make an additional selection of lands adjoining to those they have first seleo'ed. The -2nd clause provides that town lands and suburban lands .without valuable improvements, shall be sold by public nuctionBonly. I should have Bain, however.'that the 21st clause provides for the price at willoh lands should ba eold at auction ¡ and that the upset price should not bo lower than ¡C8 per acre for town lands, £2 per acre for suburban lands, £1 per acre for good lind having frontage, and 5s per acre for inferior and back lands. It provides that these prices shall be advertised, so that any person objecting to the price at wbioh they are advertised to be sold, will have an opportunity of representing to the Government the character of the lands, or the class in vi hich it ought to be put. At the same time the oíanse gives the Government power to put the land up at any price above that named in the oíanse, that baing only the amiunt below whioa it «bali not be offered. The 24th clause provides that for the Muro any pernon buying land at auction sball pay down twenty-five percent, of the amount of purchase, instead of ten per cent, as heretofore. The object of this is to prevent an abuse which has grown up of persons going to a Government land sala and run nirg np tbe price of land offered, paying ten per cent, on the amount of their pur chuBe, and then forfeiting their deposit. The result of this bas been that parsons who havo gone to pao cha«e land have been prevented from doing so, Govern- ment have been put to the inconvenience and expense of ' re-advertising and re-selling, and all this beoauae some individuals have wished to annoy or injure others who de- sired to buy. The remedy that I pronose for this is tbat a deposit of twenty-five per cent. B"inll be paid; and I con- ceive tliet this will serve as a check upon persons who have been accustomed to run np Government land for improper reasons. The 26th olause provides a mode of appraisement in cases were land is sold without competi- tion, under the special clauses I have before referred to; and also for a mode of settlement of all matters oonneoted with the land by arbitration. The olause, with its various provlsiOBP, has been very carefully drawn by a legal gentleman of gTeat ability, who has given considerable time and attention to tbe subject, and the Government conceive that the provisions will be found amply sufficient for the purpose proposed. It provides that the appraisers to settle the price of land sold under the specialities I havo mentior.ed snail be sworn ; and it makes provision for the fair end effectual carrying ont of the sale, as well a* for the appointment of arbitrators in those cases to which I have refericd The twenty-seventh clause provides that all instruments of sale Bball be good ev dence in all legal proceedings. Tbe twenty eighth clause provides that the Government may make regulations for the purpose of sopplementinsr this Act, and of currying out its provisions, bnt that Buen regulations sball not be in any way inconsistent! with the provisions of the Act. These regulations are to be laid before Parliament in tbe same way as other matters before referred to. This is all that I conceive that I need Bay on the matter of the Land Alienation Act, and J now come to the Crown Lands Occupation Bill. (An hon. rrember: "You areratber before your time.") No, I think not. I understood tbat, for the convenience of debate, the lionne was willing to take the whole question in ose debate ; and I am desirous of laying the whole peliey of the Government before the House in one view. It waa in this way that I introduced the bills, though, of course, jon, Sir, in accordance with the ralesjof the House, pnt tLem separately. Mr. FORdTER'begged to say that the hon. Premier might do as he thought proper, and might make speeches upon twenty bills if he thought proper; but for his (Mr. F 's) part, it would not prevent his exeroising his privilege of speaking when the Becond bill came on fur discussion. The SPEAKER said that the rule of Parliameat was that the debate should be confined to the question before the House. Mr. PLUNKETT thonght the more convenient course would be to take the debate on the whole question, as tbo bon. meinbar proposed. The polioy of the Government with regard to the lands could not be fairly explained or understood unless it could be seen as a wholo. The SPEAKER: It was a most unequal course to take a debate on two bills at one time. Ii tuight be necessary, no doubt, to advert in this debate to the system of occupying Crown lands, and to some estent the question of the othor bill would have to be opeiied ; but no debate taken now would preclude hon, membare from debating tho other measure. Mr. ROBERTSON : In taking this course and refer- ring to the whole land policy of the Government in one speech, be bad never desired to restrict ho a. members from rraking as many speeches as the rulos of the House allowed ; nil tbat be wished was to lay his policy as a whole fairly before the Honse. Mr. GORDON said the course proposed by the bon. Premier would be a most ¡ncouvenient one to take. It might be well enough for the Minister of Lands, who bud al) these matters at his fingers' end), to debate two bills at o;ce; but it was very different with hon. members witb whtm one bill was quite as much as thes could be expected to understand at tnce. Mr, MORRIS suggested that the bon Premier thould cctclude his speech or. the Land Alienation Bill, and then nrjonin the debate upon It. He could then m.keaspeeoh on the Land Occupation Bill without infringing upon the ru'es of the House. Dr. LANG explained Uut when he Weis recentlv in the colony of Queensland two bills similar to theso were sub- mitted to Parliament, and they were separately discussed und disposed of. Mr. ROBERTSON did not want to get into the middle of tbe bill and then be stopped by a point of order. He should like to know now whether he would be permitted to explain tho lar d policy of the Government having refer- ence to oceupatior, because he must do it, at any rate to some extent, if be did nob go through the whole of it. Ho considered it to be his duly to sbow to tbe House and the ccnitry the piivilegcs, in tf.e shape of occupation of the public lands, tbat he gaye to freeholders uadcr this bill (the .Alienation Bill) Mr, PARKES said it would be fou ,d impracticable to debate at once two bills of such distinct character, and which the bon member himself had separated, Qhe SPEAKER: Both questions were somewhat fimilar in character, end tbe elucidation of -one might require ieferei.ee to the other. The debate, however, could not at one time be taken upon both questions. Mr. ROBERTSON said he could not explain their land policy without showing how one bill utl\cted the other under any circumstance he could not bo restricted from doing that. None could hinder bira from doing that, though they might endeavour to gag him in reference to ¿ne w hole question. Mr. PIDDINGTON submitted to the Speakor whether the second reading of the Crown Lands Alienation Bill was not the only question before the House ? If the hon- orable member at the head of the Government dealt with the two bills in the same speech, other honorable members might consider they were permitted todo the same. The SPEAKER explained, that so far as the Crown Lands Occupation Bill, or any of its provisions, might happen to bear upon the question before the House, tua honorable member might be allowed to advert to it in elucidation of the policy of the Government. It was not competent for the House to enter into a discussion upon the principles of the Occupation Bill. Air. ROBERTSON : It was a mere matter of conve- nience to the House, and it appeared to him that unless honorablo members permitted him to point out tbe whole of the advantages which he contemplated giving to personB who purchased lands under the Alienation Bill, the House could know nothing of those advantages. And there were certain privileges given under the Aliena- tion Act, and these, to a very large extent would, of ne- cessity, be discussed, to point out the provisions of the Occupation Act. Mr. FORSTER : We bave got the bill before us. Mr. ROBERTSON: The hon. member wished to gag tbo Ministry from stating their policy. Mr. FORSTER rose to order. He denied that he wished to do what the hon. member insinuated. Ile only wishel to reseive to himself the privilege of speaking on both questions. Mr. PLUNKETT pointed out that when the Catholio Emarcipalion Act was before Parllamenfi, there were several other bills connected with it, and the Miuistry were allowed to slate their whole policy at orce. Mr. PARKES thought the difficulty would ba got over by the bon. member explaining as fully as he liked, the whole snbject matter of the Occupation Bill before he moved the second reading of tbe Alienation Bill ; but ho objected to it being considered that ho was formally in- troducing the other bill. Mr. A. CAMPBELL wished to know if other hon. mem- bers wcnld also have tbe privilege of referring to the Oc- cupation Bill during the debate ? The SPEAKER said tbe rule of Parliament was that when a question was before the Honse lb might bo fully dlscoüsed, and anything re'evant to tho question might be introduced, but, of course, this would not preclude a debate on the other bill wheu it came before tbo House. Mr. ROBERTSON : The course recommended by the bon. member (Mr. Parkes), is the course I was taking when the hon. member for Queanbeyan stopped mo. I was de«irons of ¡»howing that the Government in their policy tor dealing with the alienation of the Crown Land» of the colony had provided another measure, which gavo persons becomir g purchasers under the Alienation Aot certain privileges of occupation. And I desire now lo state, as briefly as I can, snob, of the provisions of that bill as bear on tie Alienation Act. The bill I refer io will repeal more laws than would tbe Alienation Act. It will necessarily repeal the Disputed Beun daries Act, and will also repeal the Act for Survejers to fix the boundaries of pastoral runs. Theso Acts îequire to be repealed, in addition to those required by the Aliona* tion Act. And it will provide in the third clause that the Government may at any time declaro extended the so'tled districts of the colony Into the uusettled, provided that tLo tenures of the prient holders wete not altered thereby. The fuurtii cUuie provides that the leases under foo present holding of the squatters should not be renewed «gain under the Orders in Council, but that they should be renewed under the pro- visions of the Occupation Bill, whioh would plane these landB in a more favourable position to freehold purchasers than they are under the Orders in Council. It would, place those who nie deBlrousot buying under the Alienation Act in a moro favourable position than they are now under the Orders in Council. The fifth clause provides for the withrirnwal frei» kaso of any land " that may be required for the siteofuny eltv, town, or village, or tor any road- way for general traillo," Ac The Alienation Act had provided that person» who made buildings «n the pastoral lands niißht purchase these buildings. The Alienation Act provided for that, nnd the Occupation Act provided that this land might bo wit'.drawn from the pastoral occupants. The bill provided also that in oases of brmiirlary disputes, wlere pereons holding runs under the Orders- in Council or regulations of £2nd February, or under the bill passed last session, that, the boundaries of these runs may be dotermined by arbitration, and the whole matter finally settled by arbi- tration. It provides that where pastoral oc.upantB under the Orders in Council bave declined to appoint valuers, and there is nothing in the Orders of Council to compel them, that where They continue to riecline to appoint valuers, that the Governmentrnnyappoint them themselves; and thi« has recome neceBsnry, beoiusesome gentlemen cnritinno to hold the land and declined to act np toHhe Orders in Council bv appointing valuers, bao nse there Is nothing in ihe Orders In Council to cnranel them. And it Is. therefore, provided that where they fail to do this the Governmei t may appoint them themselves. It, provides that persons holding llcenseB to cub timber, cr to remove bnllding materials, may do BOJ and that r.o obstruction shall be offered to the Government in sending surveyors, _ either for the purpose of ascertaining whether the lai d is avail- able for mineral purposes or for go'd digging- It provides that the boundaries of disputed runs, such boundaries having been determined, shall be marked by the Government, and shall he tho bmimbries for the future. It also provides that where they have not been determined, tbey shall be Bettled by arbitration by the parties InteieBted, each appointing an nrbvr«tor, and the arbitrators appointing an umpire. Tims the Government will be enabled to grant the lease to the riehtfnl owner without being pressed with suits in the courts, as ¡B now the case, and as has been the case in leforence to a run on the Uiver Mofeai fer the last twenty years. I gave eyi eleice twenty years ago In a oaso in reference to the dis- puted boundary of a run on the River Mokni, and I gave evidence in the same case some six months ngo, and it h»B been trying ever since. The bill I refer to provides that land may be let for pastoral purposes, In the first-olass settled districts, for one year. The lands in the settled district of the first olass are the lands in the old settled districts of tho colony-lands where the occupants hav» never had more than a one-year's holding. These are to be leased for a term not exceeding one year. The lay.ds in the unsettled districts are purely pastoral lands, and it is urdesirahle to limit the period of occupation of the pastoral people to anything less than five year«. Sa also in the case of the lands in the seoond olass second dis- tricts, or in tho^e lands whioh have heretofore been de- nominated intermediate. The intermediate lands are held by pastoral people, who nccuny them just in the same way as those in the unsettled districts, and there in no reason why sneb of those lands as ore really wanted for pastoral purposes, should not be let for five years. It is no use subjecting these pastoral people to the risk of ohanging their holdings annually. If we were to take a course like that, I have no hesitation in saving that no pastoral occu- pant would ever thin* of making improvements of any value at all upon these pastoral lands. The only difference I desire to make between the lands of the unsettled dis- tricts and the lands of the second olass settled districts is this-that in reference to the holders of lands >n the un- settled districts having leases under the Orders in Ccnncil, we ought not to repudiate our bargain,-bnt there can be no fair objection to putting any condition we please into the new leases to be given in the second class settled districts, and one condition I propose to put in is, that at any time during the currency of the lease, mere sale, conditional or otherwise, shall be a withdi awal from lease of the land sold, and of three timeB ti e quantity of the land sold, as a pastoral provision for the new purchaser. That provision, however, cannot be extended into the unsettled districts, because the leases are held under a different tenure j and I do not desire to repudiate the conditions under which they are now held Bnt substantially the provision might be carried into the unsettled districts by means of the right the Government retain nnder the Orders in Council of proclaiming lands open to salo under reservation In this way the provision for pastoral lease may be open, but it will not be open to the full and without delay, as in the 1st olass settled districts, and in the intermediata or second-olass settled districts. By these provisions wo open np to those who may desire to take land under the Alienation Aot 40,000,000 nore« of the best land in the colony, and not only of the bast, land, but also of the best situated land in the colony. Thislar.d might be taken without survey, and with tfie provision of having a piece adjoining, which they may use for pnstoral purposes. It is of no use soiling land to people and keeping them wilhin the four corners of their allot- ments. I hesitate not to say that any land 'aw whioh will have the effect of Beeping a"person within the four corners et bis allotment will never meet the wants of the r-ountrv. 1 hey must have also a nieoe upon which to depasture their Bte ck, and this bill makes provision that they shall have three tiroes the quantity of their allotments- not what is called " free grass," for that would be no grass at all-but that they should have the complete use and control over tho additional land just the same as that exercised by the I astoral oecnpier of the publia land. In the old settled districts lands have heretofore been held on least s of 6-tO acres. This bill provides that mere ca'e shall destroy those lenses-tlmt on the purchase of a portion of a ?10 block that block shnll not be any longer under leasehold-and that the only rerompbrse to the lessee shall bo the refunding of the rent- In the wisettlod districts where the land is held under the Orders in Onunol), and where the Government cannot give any leasehold to any other person than tho present occupier, in any reservation made ou1, of those mr.« the purchase will give the purchaser a riiiht. not only to the land he purchases, but also to the n-cunation of three times the quantity for pastoral purposes. Where two or more persons claim the same pastoral onnnpancy, the question of occupancy may be settled bv arbitration, and without the delay of sending to the Government, or corresponding with Government officers, oy euch giving notice of his having appointe! a person to ¿<!t on his be- half. 1 hese persons might meet and appilnt ai ump'r^, and thoir award wonld be final- So that there can bl no possibility of lawsuits, but, the whole matter would he settled fairly by persons chosen by those most, deeply interested in the matter, and without the delay and pxpenso of referring to lSvdney. I propose, Sir, that the pastoral people, whose vain ittnns of purchases, leaseholds, and improvements, had hitherto been fixed by irresponsible person», slionle! have their valuations made by appraisers, properly appiintad, and sworn toaot with jn»tlce and fidelity. And I think it will bo found, Sir, that the clause is qnile stringent enough to insist that no dishonesty should bepracMsed, nfc any rate with the impnnitv which has. I fear, prevailed with, respect to valuations in many cases hithorti. It is my desire ano, Sir, to provide that in the old settled districts of the colony, where lauds aro not taken up by virtue of the leasehold privilege, thot fhe Government shall have tho power of putting such lands np" to pnblio oo^paU tinn. Wherever the Jand was thus abandoned, or left unoccupied, it would be competent to the Government, under this bill, to bring the' same to public auction, irre jpective of the pre-emptive or loasehold right. I do not know, Sir, that it Is necessary for me to make any lengthv reference to the Ocoupation Bill at the present time. I am net aware, at the present moment, that any of the provisions of the Occupation Bill bear upon this quertJon. of the leasehold right. As the House seemi desirous of taking a separate discussion on each bill, I shall reserve whatever I have to say on the Occupation Bill to a future opportunity. I mav just state that the main ohaiige embodied In the Occupation Hill is this-that a person may send in his application with a description of the land he required to occupy; ha would see his application plaoed in a box to be kept for the pur- pose. This box would have two keys, and wonld be opened only by a duly appointed board of examiners who would consider the applications. The first tenderer would have the land with this proviso, that where there vvoro two tenders lodged for the ono Bpot the highest should be the successful one, It was further provided, even thonßh the lease wng obtained, that if the land was not. taken np and occnp'ed within a period of six months, it should bo liable to be put up to public compatition. This weuld act as a decided oheck upon a praotloe that had too long prevailed of speculating in loases. Some millions of acres had been kept eut Of the market by persons win obtained leases, but left the land unoccupied till they parted with the leases en profitable terms. This could not be done in future if my bill be carried Into «fleet ; because the applicant will have to pty down twenty-five per cent, of the rental as a guarantee of his fidelity, which Eum will, of course, be deducted, if he be- comes the leaseholder. At the present time tenders for lenBes seem to me little belter than a job, The tenders aro sent In j lenscB are procured, nnd they are then put up to auction as a speculation. My bill will be soma oheck against this practice, and oflVrd some encouragoment to respectable persons who nre really desirous of oceupjing the land and developing its resources The prêtent system of Irafllclclnff in leases could not be carried on under the bill I now propose. These, Sir, nre the principal cuanxes which wo propose in the laws relatirg to the occupation ol' CrowB lands. I will not further ief<;r to the other bill now, hut at the propsr time, when the 1 on. member for Queanbeyan makes b13 meditaied assault, I shall be quite piepartd to reply to his observations. I e\n only say that in piccerding to neal with this question of the pnblio lon'P, 1 htve brought to bear faithfully and imperviously, whatever expeiience may be supposed to bo derived from a long residence in the pastoral and agricultural districts of the rotmtry. I have followed pastoral pur suifs, nr.d I havo also lind the experience of an agricultural settier. And whatever light my experience has enabled nie to obtain. 1 have honestly endenvoured f¡9 bring it to bear in the dlstosslon and settlement of this importint qnestitn. Aud, Sir, I may be permitted tosiy that my cenrsennd the views which I have always expressed and | entertained are embodied In the bills which I have laid ujontht. table of the Howe, "Whether wisely or not, X have held those views for many years ; whether they ba right or wrong, I have devoted the best days of my life to their consideration. Those views baye not been adopted hurriedly, but are the result or au experience derived during a long series of years in differ- ent pursuits and under every variety of clroumstancai There was a time when I little dreamed of oocupvlng the position that I now fill ; but I can defy any man "to point «mt any recommendation made by me at any period of my 1,'f'e which is at all inconsistent with the policy I now pro- pose. My views in regard to the publio lands have b30i for elghteon or twenty years baforo the cmatry. It ma3' be that I oconpied a very different position then, bnt, nevertheless, I published my opinions, and sent them forth with my name attivhnd. Those, Sir, are the opinions which I still hold, and which I tave embodied in this bill. My oaly end and o'yect in seeking a seat in this House originally was that i might bave nn opportunity to give force to ray views, and endea- vour to carry them into practical operation. I did not expaet to attain to the position which I now hold ; but tbe change lins In no way caused mo to alter or modify the opinions I bave all along expressed. And I may add tiat it is vary improbable that I shall continue to take part In public mat- ters once this bill has been carried, as I hope it will be. It I is my Intention, Sir, when I have succeeded in effecting the passing of this mensuro to abandon publio life. And I can conscientiously assert that I have no selfish end to obtain-no unworthy ambition to gratify by pressing on this important bill. At any rate if the measure is oapable of damaging any man's interact, I 0.11 say that no man's interest is moro likely to be damaged than my own by its passing, But I cannot bring myself to believe that the pastoral ¡ntorestB of this country will be at ali damaged by the passing of this Bill. However that may be, whether damaged or not, I for one, am not so selfish as to desire to see the just settlement of this groat qusstlon, for that reason still further indefinitely postponed. (Haar, hoar.) It Is not likely, if this mensure does pass iuto law, that I shall remain in ¡Parliament, and continue to take an active part in public affairs ; but I nevertheless desire to state, that until this question is Bettled, and settled as it , ought to bo, I shall not retire from public life, but shall / remain hovering about this question like an /. implacable ghost until it is filially sot at rest. (Laughter.) Honorable members therefore will do well to vote for tbe passing of this measure if they really wish me to leave publio life, for I luve determined that I will continuo to exert every effort until stuh a measure shall have been passed by the Legislature. It is not that I do not consider tint we have in this country great interests, which, in the settlement of «the Lind question muit of necessity be borne in mind. We hava hero a large number of freeholders, and we have also liara a very large pastoral interest, which must not be over- looked or undervalued. I do not overlojk or undorvalus either of theBO interests. But I affirm that the privileges which I desire to see extended to all, ought to be extended after the manner provided for in this bill ; and I undertake to shew that the proposed exteusioa may ba thereby made with the least possible damage to the general interest, and for the greater good of all. These principles I lnwe always unflinchingly advocated, and shall continue to advocate until I see them carried through this House. I have spoken in their dofenca and have written in their support ;' and, if the enemies of the principles of this bill will but speak or write against the position I have taken up, I shall be very happy to defend it. No doubt there are^ many lion, members hore who bave a personal bitterness against me la con- sequence of what I have, from time to time, both said and doue on tho floor of this House. I, for my part, accept that oircumstance. and have no desire ti escape from tbat responsibility. But I, nevertheless, do sincerely trust that no animus against mo-no petty, personal bitternoss-will b3 allowed by any bon. member to prevent him from voting in favour of. a mensuro which will cause real justice to- be done to the community, by the equitable settlement of the laid policy. 1 should hope that a polloy Involving so great a question will not bo thus liable to be damaged. I will not further occupy the time of the House, but will con- clude by moving the second reading of tha bill. (Cries of bear and question,) Mr. A KNOLL) seconded the motion. After a considerable pause, Mr. PARKES said it was very undesirable that the House Bhould go to a division npon this question to-night, öfter the very lengthy speech they had heard from the lion. Premier, especially as no bon. niambar appeared dé- sirons of following that speech. He should, therefore, move that the debate be adjourned to Wednesday next. Mr. WALKER seconde! th9 motion. Mr. ROBERTSON felt bound to object to any adjourn- ment. This question had been postponed from tima to time for the last threo years, and if boo. members were not prepared to discuss" it now, it was no ftult of the Government. These bills have now been over twelve months before the House, and if bon. members oppavite thought that the coumo proposed by the Government was a wrong one, they ought to be able by this time to show that it was so. Ile should divide the House against any jidjonrnmer.t. Mr. WALKER assured the Honse that in seconding the motion for adjournment, he had done so with no desire to postpone législation upon this question; butin a nutter of. so much importance be could not see that any harm could arise from a short postponement. The House had that evening bad notice of a very important amendment, that it was proposed to make in the Bill, and though bon. members had beard it read, there were not three in the House who perfectly knew Its nature. As to the two bills being tbe same as those laid on tho table at the close of last session, he could only Bay that he had oomparcd them, and found that they were not so; Besides this, several bon. members were now absent from the House, whoso presence upon such an ocsasion would bo most desirable. Mr. MARTIN hoped that tbe bon Premier would bo induced to alter his determination. (Mr. ROBERTSON : *' No."J For himself, he had not yet bad time to read this bil), nor had he had the pleasure of bearing the bon. member's lengthy addioss, and therefore, if a Bhort adjournment were granted, he would have an opportunity of seeing that speech ia print in the daily journals, as well as of reading the bills. If the Government were really desirous of having a good measure passe i, they ought to give nu opportunity to bon. members to express their opinions. Tbo delay asked for was not for the pur- pose of opposing the measure, bocause he balieved there was a very general feeling on the part of most bon. niam bers on the Opposition benches to assent to the ssooud reading of this bill, although they might disagree with somo of its principios. Such being tbe casa, and hon. members on all sides being desirous that this question should be set at rest, so lh it all fun h or agitation upon it might be allayed, he thought the Govarnmont ought to do all in their power to elicit discussion instead of endeavouring to prevent it. (Mr. ROBERTSON: " I will not adjourn it.") If the bon. members tool; this course, they would only array against them an opposition that it was desirable for them that they Bhould avoid. Mr. ROBERTSON : I shall divide the House. Mr. MARTIN : Then I can assure the bon. metnbar that I «ball divide It also. The question of adjournment wa? than pitt, and. the HOUBO divided with the following rosult : Aye», 17. , Mr. Kemp Mr. Martin Mr. Forstor Wild- Clements A. Campboll Lord Jenkins Walker Black Oxley Wilson ) ' Samuel Liyoook Lyons J Parkes Broughton Tollers. Noes, 28. ' Mr. Robertson Mr. Terry Mr, Dickson Weekes Farnell , Eoteford Arnold Byrnes Oakes Garrett M'Arthur Daniel Hart Pnncll Blake Hamilton Hoskins Lu on ) Cohen Plunkett Wisdom ( Gordon Moriarty Tellers. The question was therefore rasolved in the negativo. Mr. MARTIN no- begged to move that the debate be adjourned until Tuesday next. Mr. ARNOLD questioned whethor this motion oonld be entertained, being substantially though not precisely the same as that juBt disposed of by the Honse. It might have been pnt as an amendmant to the previous motion. Mr. KEMP believed there was no desire on the part of any section of tbe Honse to prevent a full discussion of this question, which, having for four or five years b:en before the people and tbe people's representatives, most ion. members, he thought, were rather disposed lo have settied. The facts, assertions, and arguments so forcibly given by the bon. Premier required nome time for consideration by those who bud listened to him, and it was not unreasonable to 06k lor a short adjournment. He hoped lion, members opposite would not, by the power of a majority, urge into debate bon. gentlemen who were unprepared t J enter upon it ni I he present timo. For his own part he wai propared to vote at once. The SPEAKER was of opinion that it wai not oom- . petent for the bon. and learned member to moya the motion he had put btforo the House. Mr. MARTIN then moved that the House do now -sojourn. Mr. ARNOLD pointed out that this motion, If carried, ?would have the effect of getting rid of the whole subjeot. Bo could not understand the remarks of tbe hon. mouibor for Liverpool Plains. If unanimity upon this subjeot was to bo waited for they might wait for a longer period than they bad yet waited. AH to his appeal against usiner the power of a majority, were not our proceedings, laws, institutions, government, and every thing nffaoting our political position in this country determined by tbo foros of majorities, In dealing with a bill of vital importance Ihey must depend upon the force of majorities. There seemed to bo no sufficient renson why the business should not proceed, considering the great length of time tha measure bad been before the oiuntry. Tho Government could not assent to delay, they would not foal themselves justified, nor would they be able to claim the confidence of the country in their sincerity if they did Hot press forward, with all convenient baste, the measure they had submitted to tho nout.o Mr. HOSKINS said he bad never offored any sUvisU «upport to uiiy Gorerument; bub it appeared ominóos, this silence on the port of the Conservatives. Where, he .asked, were those gentlemen who baa denounced free «election fis wholesale spoliation, Somo ho», member.* said they Bhould mpport thesecand reading, although they .were opposed to tbe principles of the bill; be therefore thought bon. members only wanted to have a little time in order to upset the mensure. He should opjnse the motion for adjournment, and would only say boy dosply fallen mns,t the Conservative party be If they wore afraid to come forward and express their opinions. Mr. ROBERTSON thought the Opposition out a wrelobed position before the House mid oountry. Where ho asked, was the tribune of tho people (Mr Parke«) that he did not come forward and express his op'nion. Where was the hon. member for Queanboyas ; where was the bon. member for East Sydnoy (Mr. Marlin), and where was the chairman of the Land League (Mr. Rlaok ) How was It that not ove man was willing to come feitirar-i ariel speak to the question, after having taunted bira from time to timo for not bringing forwird this mattor. Ho trusted and hoped that theeouiitrj was not so dearadod (laughter)-but that Rnmo m>vu in the House, a representative of the paopli», was prepared to discuss the question, or if not, ho reilly thought their free institutions had beon wasted upon tb>>m Ho could not believe that this would be the ona. He believed tho bon. member for Queanbeyan w.iuld ris« and expions his opinioiiB, and not uko tbe tribune or tbe people, wait to Bee how the wind blew. However be and tho bon. mem- ber ( Mr. Forstor; might differ, ho for one canld only say ho had too bigh an opinion e>f his oharactor to balieve that bo would Bhrink from expressing his opinions on this question. He was reallv surprise i to seo the groat tribune of the poopla shrinking aid waiting to see per- haps what Mr. Henbow could say, or was he to iiudaraUnil that the great tribune was waiting until he had consultad Mr. Gleitdall. But with regard to the) bon. niambar for Queanbeyan, bo dU not believe he would take this course ; but if he approved ot the bill lot lum have the mag. nanimity to say so, and if tie disapproved of it, he surely would have the manliness to risa and condemn the iiieut.ure, Mr. PARKES said the lion, member who represented the Government bad not altuiys been in the happy state of preparedness that he now was. Ila had seen occasions when be was not quite so pre pand, but he was not going to occupy the time of the House iii making obsarvatiJtm in reply to the hon. morabor. He rose chiefly to caution tbo House against the emphatic warning of his bon colleague, ¿¿cause if this motion were carried it would not got rid of tho measure, it would simply put it off for a-day-but he approheiidad the motion waa only made in order to bo eiblo to move the adjournment of the dobite. With regard t J the adjourn- ment ol' the debate, ho wns not very anxious about it, not- withstanding be made the motion. He aduiittodt be Ministry were right to expect the dábate to go on, but it appeared from some cause or other, that no niembsr was prepared to proceed with the debate, therefore, ho said, it was not desirable, or to the interests of the couutry, or creditable tor this matter to pass ovar without tho views of bon members being elioited on the subject, and it was under theso considerations, not being prepared himself for personal reasoiis, that ho moved the adjournment of the debute. He had no feeling of antagonism to tbo measure, and he not onl) intended to vote tor the seooud roading, bnt in good faith, to give his assistance to get it pissed into law, with kome fevr amendments which io occurred to bim were likely to ¡inprnvo the bill wheti in committee. Mr. G RAY agreed that the subjeot ought to ba fully debated, but objected to the adjournment, us baing the first of a Beries. Ho did not believe any Bpeeoh which might be delivered on the question would iiilluenoe a single vote, althongh the discussion might open tha eyes of the people to the opinions aud real intentions of tbuir representatives. Mr. MORIARTY opposed the adjournment. Mr. FORSTER Bala it was not with the beat possible taste tbat bon, gentlemen on the other side of the House so early in the Bession commençai to impute motivos to tboso who sat opposite to them. The bills, as they hud boen presented to tbe House, were oiloulutad to bewilder and confuse the mind of any hon. membor, and that ba Vi ilderment and confusion had been greatly increased by the speech of the hon. Minister far Lands, That impression ha believed bad been very gérerai, and lie thought it led to the bon. member for East Sydney being supported by so large a number. Personally, he had a great wish to hear the bon. Secretary for WorkB in reference to this bill. The bon. member had in his publio sjeeobos expre^ei opinions no totally at variance with thosa ol' the Premier, with whom be supposed he would vote on this oooasiou, that It was very natural they should wish to hear how ho-woubl reconcile bis vote with the opinions he bad expressed in publio. . Mr. TLUNKETT thought It would not ba oreditablo toV hon. members to rise at so early nu hour" when theV question before the Assembly was one of great importance, v considering tbat the Houso, when matters Of less conse- quence were under discussion, frequently sat till twelve and one o'clock. Mr. BLACK thought the adjournmentought to bo from day ta day. It hud beau insinuate! that there was a con- certed pinn of oporution, for the purpose of either postpon- ing to an indefinite period the settlement of this qnastion, or evading it altogether ; but be was of opinion that this was a feeling hardly entertained by any member of the House. Ho considered that if any attempt were nude to delay or defeat the settlement ot this great question simply from factious or party motives, there could not ba a greater proof of unfltness in the member so opposing It to occupy a sent in that House. But, alter the long speeoh of the Secretary for Lands, and looking at the complicated aspect which the question bad assumed from the way in which the honorable membor lind glided into the provisions of the other bill; mid looking, too, to the fact that some im- portant amendmeats were about to bo place* on the paper -(hear, hear)-he (Mr. Black) was not surprised that an adjournment of .the debate hnd been asked for. He con- sidered the request was a reasonable one, and one that would tond to facilitate the progress of disouäsioa. Tbe wholo House were pretty well agreed as to the propriety of passing the bill with as little delay aa possible The Government' were not alone in tho desire to secure a speedy and sat inflict ory settlement of the question. Ho should support the motion for adjournment. After a few observations from Mr. LORD, whororaarked that the absence of Mr. Hay was one rensou why the longer, adjournment should bo given, The motion was put and negatived, without a division. Mr. MARTIN thon moved that the debate be a Ijouroed tiii to-morrow (this daj), to take precedence of all other business. Mr. SAMUEL seconded the motion. Mr. ROBERTSON declared his intention of opposing aty adjournment at that stage of the debate. (Hear) Mr. OXLEY said he intended to vote against the socond reading ol the bill ; when the time carne, he would give lus reasons for so doing. Meanwhile he should support the adjournment. Mr. GORDON thought as there were several niemoei'B ready to go on with the disousuoj, it would be unwise to adjourn at that early hour Mr. HOSKINS abo spoke against the motion for ad- journment. Mr. DICKSON should support the adjournment, which he thought was only reasonable; Mr. A. CAMPBELL would also support tbo adjourn- ment till to-morrow. Mr. DENIEHY could not understand why it should be supposed tbat hon. members on that side of the House were all averse to the principle of the bill simply because they desired that its further consideration should be that evening postponed. Ho altogether repudiates any such imputation us regar.lod himself personally. Mr. KOUERTáON: You have turned your bick upan j eurself. * Mr. DENIEHY : No, I turned my back upon the hon.i* member wbon I found that ho was a slum-when 1 foundil that he was Bot the man I took bim to be, but the tool of j men who havo dragged him through tbo mire. \Yhon I j wns associated with him he was not what 1 bave since! found bim to be. Then be Wis not & shuill >r nor a dealer), in lueniacity. Mr. COHEN rose to order. Such expressions ware, he conceived, highly irregular, and not even gentlemanly. Mr. DENIEHY was sayiiig.notliing warm wheu he was Interrupted hythe bon. member (Mr, Robertson), and if the bon member who had just called him to order, were only to wait until he ascertained what a point of order was, he would do wisely. At present ho was BO júniora mem- ber of that House that he could hardly be expected to form an opinion. (Laughter.) After the lengthy speech which Ihey had that evening hoard from the honorable the Sscretary ¡for Lands, he thought that common courtesy should have dictated to bim the pro- priety of consenting to an adjournment of the debate. Ho (Alr."Deniehy) was quite as much in favour of a sound measure of reform in the land policy as Mr. Robertson ctuld picsibly be, but ho had not come there prepared to spouk that evening so fully upon the question u? ho con- sidered tho importance of it to dessrve, 'The postpone- ment ought to have followed as a matter of course, so that honorable members might have a reasonable opportaiity of speaking npon the bill. Mr. ROBERTSON : Wo have a nolioo given of an amendment in place of the bill. Mr. DENIEHY considered that to b3 all the moro reason for the honorable membor to have consented to the proposed adjournment, BO that the amendaient, whatever it was, might be fully considered, and so eventually settled as might bo most for the best interests of the country. Ho thought that one section of that House would be treated with discourtesy ¡f the matter "were poshed on that eveiing. , ,"" Mr. ARNOLD desired to say a faw words. If the Government could really suppase that bon. members opposite had really any wtentt.ro of going on with the present dobsite on the next day, they would not be opposed to an adjournment oí the debut". Rut, unfortunately that, was non Iho case. There was n conearted movement against the Government in the matter, on account of the ?absetco of the ciaolo of the Opposition. (Cries of " No.") I wns nble to tell my colleague, some days ago, that such a couree would be taken na bad boen udopted that evening. [Mr. DENIEHY: Doubtless the bon. member ia a prophef; everybody knows that J H the oracle of the Opposition on the Land Question were to be present to- morrow, they might perhaps bo able to go on ; but If he were not, oi course they would like the debate Bt'tll further postponed. He (Mr. Arnold) thousht that they might, 'very well go an that evening. There wai a comfortable; unanimity of opinion upon the bill-(No, no)-all (except the lion, member for Queanbeyan and a minor satellite or so revolving rouud bira) being i» favour of it He thought that they really ought to go on. The question wns then put and negatived, ayei, 23. MrA.Camnbcll _ Mr. Nott Mr. Parto« Byrnes" Clement» Kemp DUihon V/ild Fauoclt Donlcly Lyons ' Forster Waiker Samuel Lsyoock Black Martin Brought >n I Oxley Wilson Roberta I Jenkins Winder« [Tollers .. " . Noos, 80. Mr.Bobcrtson Mr. Witt Mr. Atkinson Au old Burley O^kes McekcB Vgm Gray Iltml'.ton Wisdom Soott Garrett Farnell Lord Blsko Terry Hoskins Lucas Pcmcll Plunkett Gurdon Darvall riddlngton Hurt Cohen Ration I M Arthur Hokford Moriarty ] [rollers After another pause the question was agiin put from the chair, when Mr. OlVLbY roso and said If hon Ministers fanoled they were gotnE to force on this debate, they were very much mistaken. He should move "That this Home do non adjourn " This motion not btirg seconded was not put from the chair Mr. DEMEHY snlii this was not the first time upon winch this largest of »ii questions had boen troatei in this extraordinary manner And yet ha wuld conceive no question that could bo brought hufoie that Uousa «pan which lion, members would bo L ira disposed to apeak at length , he knew of no muttei of public internst upan which so liveh, so able, and so leiiRlhy n deDate might bs mude. And this for t*o tessons, Hitit, that upon tliisquas Inn must the social ni d political development ol the coun- try depend , and second, that suoh a v met) of eipeuencti intelligence, and sound counsel ctultl be brought to bear ti|onlt Upon most other queutions a drum «mount of lean lng, of political experioice and 1 uowladga was re- quited , but tliis was a pHrely practicil quosiion con l reted with the soil, »ntl tliers would conse luantly ba but few lion, membors ol that House possessel ol any abstruot i otion of knowledge but eould bring to bear an amnuut of practical information that iuu>t bo mast valuable Ibu», then, whi st they wou d havi, on the one side poli- tical axioms, and onge-nt reajonings, they wont 1 bato on the other actual experience ot the country in all its phasos, and avast mvouutol inlorraatio* regarding its phjsieal features and it« peculiar applicability, in their op nion, for pnstornl in opposition to agncultural pursu ti. \et, slraiige to say, that with all this iifoimation and debating power at command, whenever this ques- tion came before the lloune to bo debited there seemed to be the greatest indisposition to take pert m it He remembered wLen the I on gentleman, nsw a nioinbar of Ibis Administration, bnt tbun t' e head of the Uovern ment, had prepared n lull for regulating tho alienation of pnblio lands 'I hat bill w as brought in by the hon und learned member tor Sydney Kiibt, then Attorney Ganotal to tbiit Government, In a speech weich, however much be differed from that hon an 1 learned meenaar in political leanings, he must say would bear very favourable corop tri- sen vi it li the amount of words, words, words, which tbay had heard pom ed lorth that evening, foi that lion and learned member had, at all events, the mind of a states- man, und could present in a tangible form tu those who Iii tened to bim whatever ohanges he mi^ht wish to make Be had listened to that hou ami learned member upon that occasion with considerable pleasure, though at the same time it appeared to him that in that address the lion and learned member had seamed to be less the states- man i xpouudlng views that hud originated in his owu con« victions than tne advocate ot the Government benches addressing the tqiiattooraticjury that occupied the Oppo- sition Eeuts Sine« then, howevei, thara had beau a bl range ehange The squattjcrutica thatouoe occupied this side of the House all seemed now to find their pi ces on the Treasury benches It was a g oit mistake ti fancy that the squatting party oeoup ed the Oppo ition henebis, for certain returns pub ished by order of tliatl llonse, bad shown that the largest a nuunt of public landjl held by members of that House were huM by hou maul-1 berB who now gave the warmest support to the Govern»! ment, members not Bent in thora by squatting" constituencies, but returned lo that Houi& bj the very reddest oi «li democritio constituencies On that occasion after the li n. and learned gentleman had concluded his speoch trorn thot,e bauuhus which were occupied with what was then regur led us the Cjnsei tatito element, not one single 1 diudml tose to dábalo the ques- tion-not even Mr. Donaldson, who was supposed tobo the great piotagoi 1st Mho would meet the liin'al Hercules \- rosa lrom thHt bBnoh to say one word , bu" a doitnliko silei ee nrevailed Some ti lea years had since passed, and tho land question had been very much debited, very ninch winton nnd talked about, both on the p'atlorins ut public meetings, und in private circles mid there had beena per- fect wilderness ot pi ins for su It i setiloinent of the laud onestion as shrnhl meat tho Uir demands ofthat portion ot the pojulution who weie not yet afforded facilities tor settling on the public lands One would have thought, after the variety ol op mona tint had beon expressed, tint vthen the hour had at length nrnved foi bringing in this bil, the lion, gentlemen ttou'd havo something like do bated the question, atd would have brought the intelligence I possessed bj bon gentlemen on tho opposito benches to bear ou this practicil subject. This might have been the moro expected, becuuso whatever the merits of the hen gertlemnn might be, and whatever might be the acts of the Government with whom he was associated, te certainly had a right to be heard on this question, pos Bossing this oluiro, that at a time when the great popular characteristic of his bill-fiee selection-however modi tied might be its form, was taunted, vt is spat uponr was 1 unten, as it were, from the consideration ot all pructioil men, who approached on practical grounls the p uctioal consideration of a pi actieiil Luud Hill. He (Mr Kobort son> had the courage to introduce that groat laaturo aid ho (Mr Demehy) took it that the non gentleman bbould have done something like debate 1 tlut subject in lils speech this evening, He a u the moio surpiised that this hud not been done, because, from all sides aid parties, so'iem-s li id baan propounded forthe settlement ot this qu stion, ovary one of which nppeared to him of tho most philosophic cha- racter, and deserving of the consideration ol statesmen , contemplating, too, us they did, a variety of obj-cts all well woithy of careful attention as ho thought, that when the second reading of his Land Bill carne before the House, the bon, gentleman s hou II havo at lusst alluded to some of the various views For instinoo, he thought something might have been said about deterred payments, which formed a portion of this bil', and which had caused a vast conflict of opinion amongst men most qualified to deal w'tb the land question 11 the United States of An erica these deferred paj monts had practical!) failed, and the system of quit routs, formerly adopted here, had failed also ^It was also known tait John Sttinrt Mill, and every other gre it writer on political economy, had deoidediy set their faces against the principio ot nllenatlug the public lan Is ou any system of deferred payments 'i et iho principle was the s ima as developed In this bill. He lemeroberej that while noting in some subsiduury capacity as amanuensis to the (¡rest iVustraluu Dentham, he found fault exceedingly with the view which the veriest t\ro in political economy must consider objectio able-th it of deferred paymonts However, the hon gentlemen had with a pertinacity whioh showed his determination and strength of character, stuck to his favourite «¡berne of defence) pijinonts He (Mr Deniehv) pionouuced thosysttiu of detened piyments to be highly otjectionitble. (Hear, hear) It was objectionable in any foim , ai d the furms which in one way or another would oi ly work prejiidlciallv, would be these- either the Governniei t of the day would be found at florae particular period or other to huvo n Crown tenantry rather too strong for ti em, or else a Crown tenantry wonld be subservient to the Government of the day for their own pulposos or ends But in any case it wonli be almost impossib o to deni with them That had been proved both in the Vi ited States and in our own time. In tho Unite? States a peculiar system had been allowed to grow up in crdei to moid anything like a Crown tenantry A settler was Hllowed to sehet his portion of land, to settle upon it, to cultivate it, and It might be some years before ho was called upon to pay for the survey of it. But the settler had no right to the land , he was not a Crown tenant, and the land was never parted with until a general sale took place of the dUtriot in whioh the land was sitn. ated. In connexion with this point he would advert t> a scl erne-certulnlj rather in a orude form-which hud be en brou«! t before the public in the o ilumus of tbe STDXBV MORNING HEJIALP recently, by whioh, uutllpvymentof the porchase-money had beeu made by the settler, the la^d might nnder some novel conditions be leased, i6 being In the rower oi iln> settler to coi vert it into a freehold. Ui der such a scheme, not only did you give a moral in- terest to a man to secure the land to himself-not only did yen give him all the thousand and one inducements ti a mon to mnke the place his OWJ, but you at the same time remotoJ all those evils which attendod anythlug like a Clown occupancy Upon a matter of that kind, he should* have thonpht ti ut bon members would luve been inclined to debate, and to have offered opinions without oinimilting themselves entirely to the principles as announced in this bill-which, as ho took it, however objectionable in this particular point, had in Its main features fco rainy pirtioulnrs that he thought worthy of the atten- tion of the House He took it that the great principle aimed at in dealing with the land question should bo the creal ion of as many freehold properties as possible. Wo should try to sprinkle over the » hole terntory as many frccbo'der» os wo were able, at the same timo that wa slould throw no obstacle in the way of the acqu sition of lal d in largo quantities to those who wished to invest their ccpital in that particular form Tho truî statm a community should occupv was, the mixture of large " banu odo» hotrcsfends and holdings with small hoinesteuls nud holdings, seeing the manifest advintagos accrulig norn the employment of cnpltil in tho improvement of atoc>r, and in valions other direction», la benefiting tim charactei of the rural population, and also from aflirding of niimbcis of homesteads and homes to those dnposed ti settle opon them, thereby promoting the growth of a* local yeoroaniv. He was rot aware whether there wcro in this bill any provisions for the promot on of the grovth of a clans ef small squatters Ha took it that, whatever or mion might le entertained on the land question by the masseB (with whom he felt the greatest sympathy) those who were "iniopulous cities pent,"-cooped up in the streets and alleys of bydney (for whose demands for land ho had tho grertest reaped), had, ho believed, a very adlstlrct rotion of the physical characteristics of this country, and of the conditions under which a country in a species oi partial development must necessarily advance It would he perfectly imposible, under the present con dillons of settlement, even if a Government were so dis- posed, to give away profitable portions of territory to every fimily, so as to enable them to make any thing Hie ade- quate provision for their settlement upon it/ » liatever might bave been the qnnlitv of the rivers, the amount ot railway extension, whatever might have been the qumty of the soil, the preset t and probable population lu fairly oi a hundred years must have for its characteristics, in au placea bnt on the seaboard and in some towns and d sir ot', that ot numil clusters of settler» not taking large extont ol lerritorj He took it, than, that tbe true policy of any Government dealing with the land i,n««tion broasij, should be the recegnitlon of the irroolaimabln ohnraoter ot a largo portion of the conutiv W-ith this in view, the small Bquatter should have facilities placed i» his woy so as to give him a Rtsndlrg interest in tho ceuntrv Too often had squatting been confoni ded with the H11 absorbing gigantic interests of squatting capitalists On the ono hand thero w11 the bona fide tqtiattiiig yonng men of the country, who had all the bone, sinew, and v gonr of tbe American pioneer or Alpine hioutitaineei, and thought nothing of taking stock overland io Melbourne, or to even more distant parts of tho coimtrv , athletic native-born advonturers, the baok bone of rural enterprise On the other hand, there was tho gigantic sj stem of capitalist squatting, a most enor- mous political and social abuse, unknown in any other country-n sjstem of run-hunting and picking out the eyes of the country Now, he would say to night, that if on the land question sonnet statesman ike legislation vras in contemplation in snob a form as to promote the iuter ehtsof the whole cnuntiv, theintorestsof the realsquitter should be clearlj kept In view It was perfaotly ld/e to falk of the Reuse boluc driven hurnedlj Into the second reading of such a measure as this, and it w»s worse than childish to think that we c uld raise up at 01 co, by legislation, an Agricultural intoroht. It was slow of growth All the asienities, all the oharitlos of life, the devotions of home, the patriotism, family aflect'ons, everj tbli g that mai os a mau a good oitl/en, and everything that a statesman would wish to see grow up among ns, would be the characteristics of a class liko this, The agri- cultural interest in this countrj was therelore worth) the attentions of a statesman It «as one, however, they conld not force , and the ti ne steitesmau who would deal judiciously, wise- v, and well with this measure, would not strar gio any Lona (¡rio interest in existence, but would, whilst evcouia"»iiig the intorests whioh had arisen during the gradual development of the resources cf the countrj, lay broad and deep trio foundations for the erection of a gre it and aiîTiciiHiua! community. »Ho (Mr Demehj) would BBJ suicbnly and candidly that IIB was atxious somo sort of uland bill Bhould ba pissed, and in asking for an adjournment to-night he desired that an opportunity Bhould bo uffordod for looking into those parts of the bill bearing upon the poinU ho liad brought under notice. 'While everj facility should be «ivan for tho alienation of the lands of this country, it wonld be wise to keep up its bona flilo interests, and, as far as possible, limit and subjugato the operations of mere capital upon the soil. / The objeot should be to bring popu- lation upon the lands, I und this mainly should in legislating be the case of hon members who had the interests of their constituents at heart. All might express their acknowledgment of tho propriety of such an objeot, but on the second reading of the Land Bill thej should consider what par- ticular line of pollci would most oertainly bring about the result so devoutly wished for by all. He could not con- ceive any subjeot which c.lled for more oxtended and de- liberate consideration. »It was almost unnecessary for him to remind the House tbat, upon the occupation of the lands would bo built the national character, progress, in fact, politics, and almost the constitution of tho country. I In England large esbtes wero tho basis of a territorial anstocrnoj, mid it «03 considered bj ominent authorities that with such a distribution of the lands a country I must be thoroughly aristocratic to the end of time On the other hand, in Frarco there was a distribution of "the land into very small lots Tho celobrated Ai ti nr Young stated it to bo tho Incv liable consequence oi euch a division, that it would impoverish the whole pipulation. But other distinguished writers, and the Vt LSTMIVSTFR Rbv lew, slated It as a matter of faot that this small division bad this elliot-that in no countrj was there more personal cleanliness or peasant comfort than in Francs This matter did not lie far from those matters which this bill concerned >It was a question whether instead of giving a number of acres, which Government propo'cd to givo, to bo paid for in tbo way Hoy provided for, they should place in the market larger allotments undor some system of leasing, with a view to tho ultimate conversion of tho leasehold into a freehold Tnere might have boen embodied in the nieaeure some more spoclflc provision for survej. IftheSurvoj Department lomained as it bad been for the last five j ears, any land bill would belittle better than a juggle, it would bejust as diflloalt to obtain a snnej ns heretofore, and the bon. the Speaker, before ho occupied the chair, had addacod one among the many instances there «ere of mon who woro anxious lor the acquisition of land having been kopt In suspense, »'id ilelnjed so long bj the Survey Dep'rtmont, that thoir means bad melted lrom tbelr grasp, and in hundreds of cases »ere spent in drink. In connexion »ah such a large mensuro of lind reform ns that which the lion member at the be id of tho Government proniUndnt wcud be almost advisable to abolish the present Survey Depaitment. It ft as not onlj perfectly useles3, but a clog and obktruction. I Tlie proposed rediution in the price ol land was important, in itsell was ample ground for debate, and had heretolore formed a fruitful subjeot of dis- cussion. He believed that nniong a large proportion ot the population this question was a most material one Ko might have anticipated having some information on this subiect from those who viere better qualified to give it. »He thought, for the purposes of settlement that, vuth » the exception of land on tbo banks of rivers, the matter of price was of littleconsequenco Ho had sa'd for the pur- poses of settlement he would willingly giveaway the lund, and ho considered tbo policy of looking on the land asa stnrce of gettir^ subsidies to tbo revenue was a shott siehted policj as compared with the settlement of tho hunty 1 here nug only one other matter to which lie should refer. Ho alluded lo the dilhcultj of the conditions imposai on ti e bona Hilo settlers, lie did not seo how it, was possible to et rrj out the conditions the hon. member proposed, and he »enid have proferred sjrao simple way by which the leasehold tenant might bo cieated into a freeholder on paving the amount of the purchase mon9y Ho thought this we uld be simpler than imposing a'l these conditions, wl ich won d leqnire an whole urmv of officials to see pro pciij enrned out. Ho believed it would also Itnd to many objections «rd charges being made against otlioeis for giving advantages to some persons, and ho could imagine the caso of whore a person had cleat ed his land, and not having complied strictly with a'l the conditions, having Ins land tal on away ani given to some one else It would be in the recollection of bon. members that the extraordinary woy the agricultural settlements progressed in the Umtod States aid Canada was owing to the absence of any condition whatever except the pajmont of the moncj when the land was snrvejed. 'they ni ght ga in the wilderness-go wlere thej liked, registei their pre-emptive right, and go on with their improvements, and in good time when the sale ofthediBtrict took place, thoy would have to pay their money Before the sale of the district took place thora had been time if a largo riBJcritj of the squatters had four or five j ears to make the monej off the soil topsy for the land. Wonld hon. members behove that if it had not baen for this freedom that the States of Nebraska, Iowa, and innesota, and si) thorn or territonos of Amerloa would licvesuch a large agricultural population. He did not ask to give the same amount of license to the agricultural population In Australia, because] theio were other into- rests in the way which did not exist In America. In the new States where the agricultural population had Battled there was not the slightest danger of any existing interest being interfered with. The great difficulty that stared ion. menibtrs here in the face was the Interference with the pastoral interest, but this did not exist in America. But hero tbe difficulty of dealing with existing interests would be found, and he took it that was why tbey should refuse that extreme tmount of license, and they must In order to Becure the settlement of an agricultural population, gradually en- courage the agricultural interest, and without doing too much damage to the pastoral interest substitute it in its stead But from the necessitj ot things tor centuries to come, the great pastoral interest would remain as the extreme barrier and background to the gradually in- creasing agricultural interests of the country. Ho had" come to this subject quite unprepared, and must say that with eli the diflidence proper to a man who had never actually beon engaged in squatting, he had ion« his nlmost for the last four or five j ears to study this question, so as to form some views npou it, believing it to be the most important national question. He haa expected an adjournment of the debate, though he could scarceh Warne hon. members who refused to grant it. But be imagined it would have beon thought necessary for the immense amount of powerful expressions of opinion w billi formed the essence of all dobato that would be brought here to night He hoped ho should not see a pirjllel of the courso pursued in 1857, and the second read lag of a bill pass fwlthout an adequate dábate He should givo hi« support to the second reading of the b 11, rcrerving to himself the right to amend it in committee Ile trusted very few bon members would bo found to vote against tho bil! (Hear, henr ) He did not care what v, ere tbe opinions of the members of the Government, bnt he thought that any bon. morabers who thought it well to eppose the seoond reading would certainly be wattÎDg n their duty to their con- stituents arti the countrv. 'W ln.teur might bo the objectionable details in tho BtU, the cou itry urgentlj demanded some dealling with this question, (hear, hear), and no man who wiohed the country weil would refuse the smallest instalment towards »¡settlement of it. Hon. merrbers would take care for their own characters' saka to accept thiB bill as an instalment. However clumsy* might be the machinery of tho bill he would igain and ngnin voto o thousand times for it because it ombodied the principle of free selection (hear, hear), even *' otigh crowded from top to bottom with Imperfections. Mr GRAY thought that bon. members had no right tocóme unprepared to deal with this subject, Tar their constituents did not send them there to neglect their business, (near, hear ) He agreed with many of the principles the hon. geutlemm bad laid down, but he bud dealt more lu generalities than in anj thing else. (Hear, hear ) ne felt ratLor astonished that tbat shouldj be the case with him who once acted (as he boasted) as tbe amanuensis of the piègent Premier, whom be acknowledged not only lu this coloi j but in Victoria as the eloquent propagmdist of land reform (Hear, bear ) The lion gentleman (Mr. Demehyy at one time travelled about the country advocating the measures brought in bj his bon. and dear friend Mr. Ro1 ert»on. (Laughter) A change had come over the stint of the hon. gentleman's friendship-it not of his dream-for ho advocated soma principles then he now oljected fo. (No, no, from Mr Dei.iehy ) Further, it I would be recollected by those bon mo_bars who paid at tention to l lie conduct ot the lion gentleman til at be went into Parliament as the supporter of the cela rated resolutions of the bon member (Mr Koborlson) (Hear, hear, from Mr Deniehy ) To use ihat bon. gentleman's own expression, for he osohewed vulgarity, he went in for the whole zoology, for he would not suy he went in for tho whole animal (Hear, hear ) After the expression r f opinion given by the "ion gent cninn when ho rerelved his ovation nt Victoria, par- ticularly for having secondod the resolutions, he should have thought that-(" Iso, no,' from Mr ÜÍÜVIfcHV ) He said} es, if the papers reported truly for ho found in ore of thom that it was stated that they knew him ns the seconder 4>f the resolntlons of Mr. Kohertsoti (Hear, tear) These wore the views be held whon he was flaunting in the hmrowed plumape of his dear friend Robertson, nnd reflecting the borrowed light of auothor sun, and deriving porularity from that light. (Hear, bear, and lntigbter ) '1 hese views had chuuged, and instead of being proud ot that light, the lion gentleman was willing not to extinguish bit to exclude it, (Latightei ) In the ey is of ti e bon gentleman Mr liobertson li id no tailings whatever-he looked upon hlra as the man pre emlneit and likely to piovo Australia's futuro saviour, mid who was to free her fiom tho domination of that vile olignrchy which he spoka of in BUCII bitter terms. The lion gentlen an alluded to the présent Premiar , and with the pei mission of the Homo he would read the quota- tion [The hon. member here read the extract to w hlch he alluded, commencing " In that bon gentleman who was ut present the Minister fur LaudB and Public Works, not onlv did there meet all that was sagacious and sound, us a politiclun, at d bl ave, and true, at d amiablo as a mau (laughter) but also in tho hlgnest degree mr ii ex- perience "] Ila believed that if the lion, membor had been In tho llonseft an earlier period of the eiomnir, when the hon, the Minister was delivering hiB address, he (Mr D.) won el not havo made the speooh he had just delivered lim was one of the most impoitant questions wliha could bo brought before tho House It w is oie upon which tho future prosperity of the couitry de- pended, ai d for some reasons he should hate felt satisfied bad un adjournment taken place. In the present day it was not only members of tho House that w ere addressed through the reporters they spoke to the country also, and it was dtsiiable this mensure Bhould be fairly sot before the people, that thev might from the arguments, pro and con, foi m their own judgment in reference to the matter. He agreed that the fullest consideration should bo given to the measure, but if they wore not now prepared to deal with it, he did not think they ever would be If bon. members ngreed with the leading principles of the bill, whether they thought it ought to bo amended or not, thev wero bound to vote for the second reading. He was him- self not so great an admirer of the bill but that he saw Berne faults in it, but theso faults wore not of so gravo a character as to jubttfy him in opposing the second reading He thought the bill waa the very best that had been introduced - that it took firmer hold of ti e real wants of the people of the colony than any prtv icus measure of the kind, and ne believed it proviceil in a better wav for the bona fide settler than any previous bill had done If the hon gentleman opposite had devoted a little time to reading the measure he would havo seen that his obioctions were untenable He talked of the growth of small Bqtiutters and the want of necessary provisions in the bill tor that purpose, but it he had con- sidered he would bave seen that ample provision was made Mr DLNIEHY Where > Mr OKAY The fifth section of the 12th clause of the bill for regulntii g the occupition of Crown lauds provided that pre-emptive lenses might be granted to holders of land in fee-simple at the rate of three acres to one ( Hear, bear ) In the present Orders in Council no possessor of land lu fee simple could exeicise that pre-emptite light of lea«e except he pessessed G40 acres, but lu tho present bill the privilege was extended to every man alike No matter what quautity of land he might hold, he wis still enabled to exercise the right of pre emptive lease to the extent of three acres to one held in lee simula Mr DPMEIIY Did the bon mombor call that squatting ' Mr GÜAV said lie did, and If the bon and learned gentlcmnn lind known more of rural afUirs he would have saved himself a considerable display of ignorance The bill now bofore the Honse proposed to give both deferred payments and free selection. He did not think bon. merni crB looking bock at what had beon the case both with regard to the old giants and the squatters, coald object to free se'ection. At least he thought that objec- tion wonld come with very had grace fiom men whoso squattages had been obtained in the same way Ho did not seo why they sbou'd not extend the piinoiple to the small settler as well as t> thalaigo one By doing so, they would bo saving a v«tt amount of unneo ssary expense and incrnvenlence When the honorable Secre- tary for Lands had mentioned to ni^ht that there were hundreds of thousands of aores surveyed that wore not taken up, the remark was cheered, but those who cheered evidently knew very little about the matter. The faot was that of the land abeady surveyed a great pie portion was unfit for agricultural purposes, and not worth Gd, an aero. He knew very well that on the western watersheds of the country some good land had baan snrveyed, but near the coast, on the eastern water BhedB, where alono the land could be made available, the very worst land had been surveyed and thiown open-land that no man ut his senses would ever thu k of settling upon at all but the froo selection con» fened by this bill would roally benefit biththe oolony and the settler. Tho man would Beek out tins land, and on ap- ply irg for it would pay whatever por cantago might be fixed Tins payment would be a gunranteo of his good faith , a guarantee that ho was ready and willing to occupy. And aoy one who know the working of the squni- ting systom, rouBt see the justice of this Theso selectors w( uld aot as pioneeis, and lead other peoplo to where thero was good lund procurable It was the same principle of free selection which lind onabled the . squatters originally to open up our v ist plan/s and pastures, and found the wool trade ind other som tes ot our prosperity. With regard t » deferred pat ments, ho agreed with the principle Itself, though he waa net sure as to the means of carrying it ont With judicious management the ST stem could not fail, but it mast b3 administered in such a manner as to prevent the creation of a body of Crown debtors. (Hear, hear ) 1\ hen the subject came under consideration in committee he thought he should be able to suggest a plan bv which the pimclple could be carried out succesîfully. His plan would be somewhat analogous to that which outlined in Arusiica. In America the settler occupied b13 land undisturbed till the surveyor caine round, when he bad the privilege of taking it np by virtue of his prior occupation, at a regular firod price There were ob- stacles, of course, in th s colony to the ii ¡option of the American system in its entirety , but still it could be made to work very beneficially in the casa of lands whioh were not leased already. His plan would be to allow the settler to occupy, say, 400 acres, paying one-fourth the purchase money down, with the privilege ot being permitted to take up the ¡other 300 acres under the pi e-omptiv enght, In this way they won'd be in a positon to compel every purchaser to bring into cultivation and improvement ssme certain portion of the land occupied prov lous to the calling upon him for payment. If ho did not improve his pur« chased land he would not have the right of pre-emption for the remainder of his block, and he woull not ba im- mediately called upon to pay for what he had n it ha I timo to improve. ThuBtbey would avoid theevll of having Crown debts, and, at the sama time, secure all the banoQt of deferred payments When the bill went into committee, he (Mr. Gray) should do his utmost to get it carriol through, vtlth suoh modifications as might appear to be desirable. Some hon, members seemed to speak of agri- cultural pursuits and pastoral pursuttB as if they wore quite distinct from each other, which was by no means the case. In some parts of the colony uastoral pursuits alone were followed, and there was no agriculture at all, and again, in other parts they were both to be found going on concunently lu somedistiicts the agricultural was found dependent upin the pastoral lnteiests, in others, as in IllaWurra, the pastoral interest was wholly dependent upou the agricul- tural. The same thing was also the case as legarded the Hunter. He bad himself Been many parts of the iu tenorof this oolony,-perhaps as much an any hon. mem- ber in that House,-and the result of his ob ervation was that bethought that th<re was no part in the Interior which would not be likely to be very greatlv beneflte 1 by Ile operation of this bill-except the Baudsto ie moun- tains. Ile tPonght by the giving of every ficility to porsonsof small means to go squatting, that the wenth and development of the conntry would be very much iucieased He did not agree with the purpose ol that part of the lill which wes designed to itupjse a certain degree of uncue restilction upon the acquiring of land adjacent to that purchased. Ile had no sympathy with those who desired to effect any such restrictions, because he considered that cv ti j man had a right to ac- quire what property he coul 1. Ho also doubted whether the insertion of resideuco m the bill was deslrabl?, and should be prepared to speak to that wnen tho bill was being passed thiough the committee Ile lookal uoou the bill as the best measure of the Kind waich had been yet introduced. iNo doubt there wcro mm> objections that would be urged against this bill out ot doors, be- sides the opposition it would hove to encounter in ti at House. There were the objections to the bill of tho<o parties who were concorned for tho i aitoral ínteres s ïhere weie those also of that august bo lv of wb eli the hon member for Sidney Last was tho president, and of which he was now the oracle and. 'eader, und no doubt the House wonld be likoly to have some objections from that hon member But if ho might judgo of their op'nions by the manifesto lately put lorth bj thom, ho thought that If they wero to bo the legislators on this subject, thero would be verv little hope, fir this couatiy Ho hal no desire to sweep away the pastoral occnpmts of the crutiin, but would give them every légitimité opportu- nity ot carrying on their pursuits He thought the squatters bad been inestimible benefactors to the cohny by their explorations, and he conceited that it woila be extremely ii judicious to do instiling to injure them. He would, in lact, be no party to doing anything calculated to ii )uio any britich of industry lu the colony , but wbilBt he was desirous of treating thom with overy justice,he was rot. willing to stvt them their holdings in perpeluftl. (Mr Clement, "We don't want it " ) If the sqeatters did net want it, they took a very »Itango way of denud ng themsolves of it, for they had invariably oi posed overy bill that had ultempted to deal willi the land question They vrem wlss enough in their own interests,as they lr,ew that in tboabsoncaof any bill the trogresB of smallitnners and landholders, whose adrante was most to be dreaded by the stv'U»tters, would ba so »Uw that they might look npjii their ».''«'dings as being almost equal to a tenuncy in per|ietuity Thv s . gent lernen were wall enough aware of the advantages they ,'iow po*ss»soi1, ami fis could tfillhemt list there was HU impresión (ibroaeitlirono'h out the count i j that a great deal ot tbo opposition offaredb» the ?qnatters to anv land m»iu<uro, aroha from tha know- ledge that arj future legislation must tend by ¡ti liberality to lessen t""o privileges they now had, p,ui between the si|iiuttera and the oat ai d out l3»od loaguws ti ere we uld bo quite oi ough to rio to get a judloious herí bill passed. He l.nped, however, from what ho had «ton o? tbo feeling of linn. menih-rti, thal the Houso vvonH JM¿ through flii» nunsnro qulr-ker than any other tiiej hid jet bat! before thurn, tor be believed that there was a gone,.J feeling in 'hi Ilou-e« in favour of forcing this bill on as fast a« til" rules of tlio H. use wtnld permit It it weiro pni-seil, bo was I'oiivinced that it would prove one of the grenti'st boiit'i. to the country and (be best piero of législa- tion that ever the Honse bael beon engaged upon. Mr. MOBl>IS moved the adjournment of the dábate to Wediicsd v next. He had that day honestly givan no'too of certain "iinii'inlmptits that II was Ins InWt'nn to raova, and certiilnly be corceived that thoy wera deservifig of seme conslilerntion from the nonse Dr. LA>G seconded the motion. He had desired (hat tbesecoi d rp»dlr.g of the bill should ba pusjel rr.tlioat, debate, and Hut the debate should ba taken on the dif- ferent clauses as they carne before the committed of t,lis whole ; but this course now appeared to ba pvlootly UBplesB, and ns there was tn evident detarminatioo. ti have a full debate, it wns just ns well to bava it ina manner that would be acceptable to the public. Jlr FORSTER pointed out to the Government that in renlltj t.me wculd be saved by taking tbo debita on tho second reading of the bill, insteal of hivhg an innuner ab'o series of small debates In commrttaa. Besides, from a full debate Government could catch the genervl wiibof the msjorltj-of the House, and w.uld be able to dod la upon submitting to alterations Mr. FGAN considered this rannsuro to be one tint would not admit of no dolay ; and be hoped tri it tha Go. veri.meiit, if they assented toan adjournment, would not permit it to go ovir a day mnroUan was neeossaiy. ila -moved as an ameudment that the debate bo adjourned till to-morrnw. Sir. PARKES said thore wero other Importait qn°stlons to oome before the House to-morrow. Ono of theso related to the election for the Tumut, whiohlnl b»an witbont representation for Bovernl months. Ho did not think nnjthing would be gained by preoipitaling tha second rending of the Land Hill. It wns right that on a question of this kind the country should know what wara really tho views of their representatives. Sometimes in England debutes lasted several days': and no question discut-sed in England could bo of such importance thera as the Luna l?ill was to the people of th'R colony. Sir. TKRRY seconded the amendment for the adjourn- ment of the debate till to-morrow. Mr. AIHNOLD Enid the Government had the oonva nIoneo of t he Hcuse to consider. There was a considerable portion ef bon. members who would like to know on Friday evening whether the division would then take plnce, or when it was likely to take plane. It was a matter of verj great importance that it should ba know» ataa enrlj period whether this bill would bo assented to by the House. Ho could not, so far as It had gone, sea what the object of continuing the debat9 was if it wera known how the division would go. It was obviously the duty of tho Government to iiu'tico their supporters to bo present at the time when tbo division was likely to came off, in ordar to feenre the safety of their mensure. Sir. SAMUEL enquired whether if nhill ware «ada second time and materially niterod in committoo, the Go- vert mont would stoke tboir existence on its pining» third reading. Sir. ARNULD said the principles of the bill would ba teBted on the Rocond reuding. Sir. HOBKINS trusted that bon. members who wera op- posed to the main tentures of tho bill would not support it« second reading Mmply for the purpose of omiseulaUiiK it in commltteo Ho biiped the bon. member (Mr. Egan) would press his amendment. Sir. LUCAS believed that if the bill had beeu laid upon the table of the House and its second reading moved in silence, itwou'd have proved ns useful as a five nights' debate. At this late hour he should vote for the adjourn- ment. Sir. PIDDINGTON now considerad an adjournment desirable, mid should vote tor its adjournment until Wedi.esday next. The original motion for adjournment until Wednesday next, wns then put and negatived, by a majority of twenty six to twenty, and the amendment for adjourning the debate until to-morrow, to take precedence of all other business, was put and carried without further division. The House, at five minutes before twelve o'elook, ad- journed until three o'cloox fo-morro*._ 