INSOLVENOY PROCEEDINGS. NKW INSOLVENTS. October 31.-John Tucker, of Paddington, coaohbulldcr. Liabilities, £417 18s. Assets-vnluo of personal propoHy, £t»4. Doiicit, £3i318s. Mr. Mackenzie, ofliolal assignee. MEBTINOS OF CREDITORS:. *> In the citato of George Jones, of Pit Town, miner, a third meeting was held on Thursday, at East Maitland, beforo the District Commissioner, Tho claim of Francis Swain, of Pit Town, for 18s 8Jd. was proved. Mr. O'Meagher, for the insol- vent, handed in proxies for tho creditors who had proved, and instruotions.to tho ofllciul assignee to tlio cHect that the insol- vent be allowed to retain (or lils own uso lils household furni- ture, and that tho Bank of New South Wnlcs, Newcastle, bo applied to for tlio sum of £118 sterling, amount dcposltod to the credit of tho insolvent, which it was believed had been mis- appropriated by the said bank in payment of a liability of li, S. Bland, an Insolvent. The meeting then terminated. In the estate of Charles Dun, of Paterson, a second adjourned singlo meeting was held yesterday, bcloro tlio Dlstrlot Commis- sioner, at East Maitland. Insolvent attended. Mr. Ellis op {leared on behalt of Mr. Reynolds, a creditor, and handed in ils authority to appear. Iustruotlons were given to the otlloial assignee that tho Insolvent should be allowed to retain his fur- niture and wearing apparel for his own use, on oondltlou that he paid within one month all expenses and court fees. In the estate of William Ferguson, of Bellevue, Paterson, an ndjourncd singlo meeting was held yesterday, at East Mait- land. Mr. Thompson for Mr. Mullen nppeared for the Insolvent The Insolvent was examined at soma length by Mr. Heath, as to tlie branding and salo of certain cattle, tho saleo! somo corn and wheat, tit« ¡casa of Bellevue, and other matters. Ho was also examined by Mr, Minter, on behalf of Mr. Roberts, as to whether ho had sold property, in lils own namo or tlio nnino of any other person, since tho dato of a certain execution. He had not sold anything belonging to the estate since that time. Ile had sold some timber which was his wife's property by a lease she held. Tlio oreditorn present directed that all the assois in tho estate should be sold without delay. MEETING TO BE HELD. A special meeting In tlio estate of John Peno, horsebreaker, of East Maitland, is appointed to be held tit East Maitland, on Tuesday, (Ith November, nt eleven, for proof of debts. MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.—On Wednesday even- ing, Mr. W. D. Cavenough delivered a lecture in connection willi the St. Mary's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Soolety, at tim St, Mary's School-house, on Phrenology. Thero was a largo attendance, notwithstanding tho unfavourable weather. Tho Rev. R, Chapman occupied tho ohalr. Tho leoturo Con- sisted ot an Introduction to tlio scionoe of phrenology, and was followed by a phrenological examination of hoads, nnu delinea- tions of ohnraatan, conducted with much suooess. A voto 01 thanks to tlio olutlrmun was then paused, and tho proceedings closod, as they lind begun, with prn>cr. This Booioty. w111I0I1 hits been established about a fortnight, numbora thlrty-llio members, who nt present hold meetings for mutual improve- ment by tlio reading and dlBcusslon ol cssuys. and who mund as soon as practicable, to extend their operations by «""'"«» library and otherwise, Tlio proceeds oflholeoturoon « cuues day evening will bo appropriated to tlio library «"»«1-A ¡J association slmllur in olinniolor and object» was cata shed. fn poniieotlou with tito Wosloynn Church, hi May ? Wff«'« J W» flourislllp« willi vigour and BUCCOSS; «» «ÄThiSm nbout sixty, Tho objeota or tho sooioty »«ÄÄS! of olaBBca/lnofudlnB a Bible class and n «'^.ftT.11!* BÄ?J clooutlon-nlso, by holding mcotlngs at whlol >ig»«" rend and diBousslous follow; and niwjliçrfsature ot «nw'Mtl» the introdtiotiou of brief rovlovvs ».WlSK ¿kctbhis To show tho spirit with w 1 »Vi, tlioÄÄ Into their similes, it may\\)e ">TVÄ« ?vo?e ddlv'rcd The of the elocution clasp cloven we't»^?Jffii ; of the Society. TOWNS POLICE ACT.— William Doyle was charged at the Court-house, West Maitland on Thursday, with allowing two pigs to stray in Devonshire street, and was fined 5s and 2.4d costs. THE WEATHER.—The showery weather appears once moro I to bave cleared oft*, yesterday being a line summer's day. Tho heat of the sun in the afternoon, however, made many lcar that it was too flue to last. MEETINOS, LECTUBES, ¡ka, ANNOUNCED.-On Sunday, to- morrow, the anniversary services twill be held at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morpeth ; and a tea meeting will be held on Monday. On Sunday tho anniversary services of the Con- gregational Church, Newcastle, will bo held, the Rev. W. Cuth- bertson preaching ; and on Tuesday au ordination service will be held in the church. On Monday evening the West Mait- land Volunteers will hold a general meeting, at tho School of Arts, to consider the amended rules, as sent up by tho Inspect- ing Field Officer. On Monday evening n publlo meeting will be held at tho Governor Gipps Inn, West Maitland, to consider the repairs required to tho Louth Park road and Abbott-street. On Monday evening a recognition service, In comicotion with the settlement of tho Rev. It. T. Hills as pastor of tho church, vv 111 bo held in the Congregational Church, West Maitland, the Rev. Messrs. Cuthbertson nnd Pooro taking part. THE JUIIY LISTS.-Tho Clilci Coustable has been engaged for some time In the preparation of the lists of persons in these districts qualified to servo on juries In the various courts held in Maitland. The taskhas been one of considerable magnitude. THE RAILWAY TIME-TABLE,-An alteration in tho lime table of the Great Northern Railway has been made, and has tokoncUcctslncQThurednymorning. The morning down train leaves Newcastle at (¡'30 instead of 7'10, as before, arriving at Kast Maitland at 7-30 instead of 810, nt West Maitland at 7-45 instead of 8-2S, and at Lochinvar at 810 instead ot 8'uO. The morning up train loaves Lochinvar at 8-30, arriving at West Maitland at 8'CO, and departing at 8 55, after which it reaches Kast Maitland at O'fi, deporting at 910, and arriving at New- castle at 1010. Tho afternoon trains, and both the Sunday trains, arrive and departas before. MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS.-Tho debate on Protection, announced to take place at tho School of Arts, on Thursday evening, was adjourned, lu consequence of the small attend- ance. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-On Wednesday evening Mr. George Morton delivered a leoturo on "Shakespeare," attbo Mechanics' Institute, Kast Maitland. The attendance was but limited, which may no doubt be attributed to the unfavourable state of the weather, and the bad roads. After a few prefatory re- marks, tho lecturer dwelt on the sublimities of Shakespeare, which, ho said, were diffused through every corner of tho British dominion i the light of his maichlcBS genius brightens tho gorgeous palace, ana sheds a genial glow over the heart and hearth of thapoor cottage ; the lisping accent of childhood utters lils words ; and high and low, rich and poor, aro alike drawn by nn Irresistible spell, to give grateful liomngo to tho power ot lils mighty mind, tviillo the greatest intellects become prostiato at tho scheme ot Ids master Intellect. In Shake- speare's plays, wo have no moral monsters, no mild and generous murderers ; we seo mea as they were-human nature as it is ; his aphorisms lmvo passed into proverbs, familiar in our mouths as household words, and books, of no inconsiderable size, have bceu made out of tho mero gems of thought and ex- pression which sparkle in the rich gold setting of his collective works. Clear and Intelligible even to the understanding of a child, wondrous and fascinating to the youthful imagination, lie is still tho friend and fellow traveller of tho full-grown mau, the confidant of lils most private thoughts, and, when the prime oí life Is past, the poet is still his fatthlul companion. Shake- speare was born at Stratford-upon-Avon, in a liumblo rank of lite, on the 2Ctli of April, 1004. lie was early called to London by a relative, and induced to become an actor ; Mr. Rowe says, however, that he could never meet with any lui ther uccouut of him as au actor, except that his highest part was the ghost in his own play of " Hamlet." In 1 Ml ho begun to write his plays, and many of thom were acted before Queen Elizabeth, who be- stowed niunr marks of her iav our upon hhn. As proprietor ol the Globo Theatre ho realised a handsome fortune, and retired Into private tie. Ho died on tho 23rd of April, icio, on his 52nd birthday. In lils own age he seems to have been hardly con- sidered as a poet of any eminence -, and it was not until a century mid a half after his death that his transcendant merits wert fully appreciated. Shakespeare, through the invention of printing, is co-eternal with the universo In which ve live, and move, and have our being ; and ages yet unlorn, shall pay tliclr tribute of love and admiration to his stupcidous genius, and justify the aphorism that " Ho was not lor in age, but lor all time. The lecturer then pro- ceeded to read selections from "Richard tho III.," "ThoMcr chnnt of Víiilce" and " Othello "-remarking that the first illustrated ambition -, the second showed the combined inten- sity of uvnrüc mid revenge ; while Othello (considered the poet's masterpiece) showed the fearful mastery of jealousy upon a breast otherwise noble and generous in ita impulsos -After the reading, wlioli was rendered with much eOeot, was concluded, the lecturci remarked that there was no study more delightful than trnclig and analysing the diameters and inoidents of Shakespeare s Immortal dramas, it was worthy of the scholar, since it afforded him innumerable opportunities of pursuing his antlquariar. researches, of tho man of taste, for lu tho wido field of literature where would ho find such abundance of fio« ers of »Il huts-and without thorns, tho rose ? All honor, then, to Ullliam Shakespeare, and may his imperishable nphorlsmillve in the hearts and minds oi all mankind, for humau nature must be improved, refined, nnd clc\nted by a close acquuutnnce w 1th the immortal poet who ' fluds tongues in trees, btoks in tho running streams sermons in stones and good in everything Hie lecturer, after reading selections norn 01101*68 Dickens* work, " Tho Dead at Moclfrny, or ¡scenes from the Wreck of the Hoya! Charter, announced lils inten- tion of glv ng a scries of lectures and entertainments on various subjects, assisted by Mrs Morton, at East Maitland, West Maitland and Morpeth THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS-The following circular was for- warded to about forty members of the Legislative Assembly, jestcrday-"A meeting of members of the legislative As scmbly, te take into consideration the courso proposed to be adopted b/ the Government tor a dissolution or tho Assembly, will be hod to morrow, nt eleven o clock in the forenoon, at the Metropolitan Hotel, Pitt street at which youl attendance is respectfulyrequested 31st October, 1800 '-S M Heraldo/ T/iursdai PETER POSSUM -The numerous admirers of Mr Richard Rowe, vho for several years wrote for this journal tinder the above strnature, will bo gratiflcd to leam that ho h now en- gaged as sub edltor of the Scotsman - .» .V Hrraltl \o\ 1 MR. DALLEY -A telegram was received yesterday from Mr W B Dalley, announcing his Intention to leave Melboumo for Sydney by the steamer next Monday His numerous friends may thcrcforo expect his arrival here on Wednesday night - impire, ¡Sop 1 THE CENSUS OF 1861.—We understand that it is proposed, in taking the census next) ear to appoint such of tile District BcEisf rtrs as aro willing and prepared to discharge the duties of the office, enumerators for their respectivo districts, under the instructions of the Registrar General 1 heir duties will be to superintend the collection of the returns, to seek proper collector», arrange the limits or the jurisdiction ot each, Bee that no habitations are overlooked distribute forms and instruc tiona, receive and examino returns and seo that errors uro corrected and omissions supplied before transmission of the re turns tothe Iicglstrar General Hie census will be taken by Koglstry Districts, but nIII beso arranged m to distinguish separately tlio population of each county, each pollto district, aud each electoral district f ho appointment has been accepted in the Maitland district by Mr Carter, the District Keglstrnr, who lias on previous occasions been engaged in tho preparation of the census returns, and it is lils Intention to appoint collectors of undoubted competence, and, in order to prevent an) concision or clashing in the collection ol the returns, ho proposes to furnish each collector with n tracing from the county man of tho district within willoh his collections will bo limited Hie appointment of the district registrars to tlio office of enumerators will have this further advantage that they will be enabled by means of tho registers In their possession, to check many of tlio returns, ascertain errors, and procure their rcctltication [We beg to suggest to the ltcglstrar General that tlic population of each town or village ought also to bo ascertained and given-Los AT If) THE CONVICT SWAN -The statements of the prisoner Swan which have become public through tho medium of the Sydney press may have gained crcdcncu in some quarters and, to a proportionate extent, may have raised the Impression that he did not receive-full justice 1 or the sake of all concerned, it is to be hoped that the correspondence and other proceedings In the case, subsequent to the trial, may also be made public, so that the true cause or the reprieve may be made knowu 11 is to be remembered that Swan s defence was conducted by Mr Win deyer, who was Instructed by Mr Thompson, and the fact upon which he appears to placo so much w eight-that certain witnesses whom he names wcro not called on his behalf-Is presumptive eridenco that his case would not have been bene filed by any tiling tiley could hnv c said The publication of the proceeding] prior to tlio rcprievo would probably show that the commutation of sentence was due. not to the substantiation of tile prisoner » statements but to the fact that tho evidence for tlio Crown, which consisted of a lengthened chain of details leading the Jury to convict, was not so conclusivo as to shut out belief lu the possibility of the murder having becu com- mitted by another person 1 hero was no evidence of tho hour at which tlio murder was committed Tho murdered mau was seen allvo in the morning; his body was found lato in the afternoon ; Swan was shown to havo Deen in town from about noon until night, there »as therefore an interval of some hours during which, for aught that appeared to tlio contrary, the murder might have been committed while Swan was proved to be some miles away THF EARNINGS OF THE RAILWAYS -Tho earnings of the Great Southern Railway for the week ending 20th October, amounted to £818 lus Od, and tlio total number of passengers carried to 70SJJ Hie earnings of the Great Weitem Kuilivay tor the Bamo period, amounted to £110 mid tho number ot pas sensors carried to 1J88J 1 Ito earnings of tho Great Northern Ballway for tho same period, amounted to X283 8s. 8d and the number of passengers carried to J.'D3 -Ä .V Herald, ¿You 1 STONEY CREEK MURDER -The prisoner George Swan, condemned to death for this murder, but whose sentenco was subsequently commuted arrived in town from Maitland on Monday evening, en roufs for Cockato. Ever since his con viction, and even prior to that cv cut, the culprit has steadfastly persisted in denying all participation in tho crime of which ho was found guilty, assorting that he was in a position to provo an alibi Having forwarded a request to this ollico that lie might bo permitted to put forth n statement concerning lils case (tn the hope, no doubt, of its attracting tho attention of the Lxccutivo) one of our reporters attended at tito gaol yesterdaj», when Swan entered into a statement ol his case, tlio purport of which was that some material witnesses subpamacd on his behali did not attend and give evidence on his trial Ono or theso witnesses, n man named Fitzgerald (whom he re presents as a publican at Lochinvar) could havo proved (so Swan states) that ho was lu his house on the lbth April, and that consequently hu could not have been at Stoney Creek, tho scene ot the murder, on the .'1st He asserts that ho can bring tho fact to Fitzgerald's recollection oven though ho (I iugeraid) should not at first remember It, b> certain minute circumstances willoh he oduld relate, if 1 ilzgcraUl wcro brought face to ftioo with him Swan further alleges that ho was not afforded tho opportunity of fully stating lils case before Mr Day, in Mait land, and that, lu his opinion, a strong prejudice oxlsted against him in the district, which prevented lils obtaining n fair trial lheso a»sertlons can now, of course, only bo taken for what they nre vvortli as oomlng from a oouviotoil prisoner; but if it really bo the case that Swan Is In A position to produoe evidence willoh will exculpate him, wo havo no doubt the Executive will give htm ampio opportunity of olcarlng himself II, for instance, as ho asserts thoro Is siioh a person as Fitzgerald lit existence at Lochinvar, und that this person did not attend as a witness when subpoenaed, tho fact Is cosily asoertulnablc 1 rom all that wo oan learn, Swan boars a very bad character but this foot nlono does not go to provo that In the present Instance ho IB stating a falsehood llio wholo matter will probably bo looked into by tito polioo authorities - Iii mid qf n\\. POLICE BUSINESS -At the Court-house, West Maitland on Woduosday, thoro was ono oaso on tho police list Mr G. B. White and Mr H. Vindin were the sitting magistrates - Qn Ï hursday thoro were thirteen cases on tho polioo list Mr Day, Mr H Vlndln.Mr A Wyndham, Dr Liddell, uud Dr Morris wore the sitting magistrates -Hiero wore throe oases yesterday on tho I list Maitland police list Mr Day nud Mr Dodds wcro the Bitting magistrates A STACK of HAY BURNT-A stack of hay the property of Mr John Lynch, of Morpeth, was burnt at Phoenix Park, on Thursday, as wo aro Informed, through tlio carelessness of n man named William McGrath, in throwing down a match with which he had lit his pipe. It was a fortunato thing that the Uro did not spread to the other staoks that were standing within a short distance. CHARGE OF USING THREATS.— Horatio Frederick William Arthur was charged at tho Court-house West Maitland on Wednesday, with threatening the life of his wife, Mary Ann Arthur. Coustable Kedwell deposed that on Tucsday ho apprehended tliu prisoner by vlrtuo of tho warrant ho hold ; prisoner was sober. Mary Ann Arthur deposed that, on I uesduy evening about Hovon o dook, the prisoner, her hus band came in and took off his coat, and attempted to strike her ; witness ran out and went into a neighbour's house ; prisoner sent word by Louisa Kedwell that it witness did not return homo ho would murder her ; witness was afraid to return, as lie had threatened to take her life on previous occasions. Ann Homer deposed that Mrs Arthur went to her house, on lues day evening, for piotcotiou, saying thatt her husband hod threatened to mm dor her t witness lias ropoatcdly hoard tho pilsouei threaten tho life of lila wife saying ho would murder her if he was hung for it. Eliza Arthur deposed that she was at the house of her brother In law on 1 ucsday night ; prisoner attempted to strike his wife, but witness prevented him. Mary Ann Arthur, re-called said sho was afraid that unless her hus- band was restrained he would do her somo Injury. Iho prl sonor was bound over to keep tho peaco for si months-him- self lu £40, mid tuo surotlos in X20 cash, or in default to bo lm prisoned lu Mnltloud gaol foi ouo mouth unless tho sureties bo sooner found DRUNKENNESS.— Thomas Phillmore was charged boforo tlio bondi, West Maitland on thursday, with being drunk on the anil instant ut Lochinvar. The defendant pleaded guilty, und was fined .03, or in default twenty-four hours in the cell.— Black Jack was charged with being drunk; being tho fourth conviction recorded against the defendant ho was ordered to be Imprisoned in Maitland gaol for one caleudar month. PLEURO-PNEUMONIA IN VICTORIA.—As before mentioned, the cattlo bolonglng to the Messrs. Walker, at the Deep Creek, and affected with pleuro-pneumonia, wcro destroyed at the beginning of last week, and as the inspector's report ia not Ionf and has much interest lor stock-owners, we subjoin a copy :-, "Report of the post-úwrtem appearances of John and Jama Walker's Catite destro¡ied on tlie'ietli October, 1800 :-1. Bullock, | part of the right lung hepntlzod and adhering to the wall of the chest. 2. Bullock, slightly affected. 3". Calf, sound. 4. Cow, slightly affected. 5. Bullock, part of the right lung hcpatized. 0\. Bullock, slightly affected. 7. Bullock, sound. 8. Cow. slightly affected, u. Cull, right lung completely hcpatized, and lea slightly aflcctcd. 10. Bullock, sound. 11. Cow, slightly affected. 12. Bullock, slightly affected. 13. Bullock, slightly aflcctcd. 11. Bullock, part ot the lung hcpatized, recovering. 10\. Bullock, right lung completely hopatlzed ¡ only observed to be ill for two days. 10. Calf, effusion of seium, and lung ex- tensively diseased. 17. Bullock, slightly affected " It will bo seen that of tho entire numbor only threo were quite sound, aud that several wera slightly nfl'ected, most of which would proba- bly have recovered at this favourable season ot the year without ita having been known that they were ever diseased. One was recovering, and another, with its lungs very far gono, was only known to bo ill two days before it was killed. In this pecu- liarity of tho disease the great danger of its spreading Iles. Before its presence is suspected, It lias often almost run its course, and been communicated, perhaps to SO others-, and there Is also great danger in regard to those animals which have been only Bllghtly affected, and lecovcr again without showing any outward indications of illness, at least to the unprofessional observer. However woll-intcntloncd tho owner may be, such cattle, unless his whole herd be destroyed, aro likely to bo scattered about, carrying with them the seeds of a disease vvhloli may break out at any lime, for it is a well-ascertained fact that nn animal once attacked, however slightly, is almost certain to havo a relapse sooner or Inter, and that in a moro aggravated form. In Amerioa no idea was formed of the extent to which the disease there had spread in a low months until tho slaugh- tering of the infected and suspected herds commenced.-Mel- bourne Art/us, Oct. 20, MELANCHOLY AND FATAL ACCIDENT. — It is with great re- gret that we record the occurrence on Thursday afternoon of a very distressing and fatal accident. The second child of Mr. J. F. Burns, a little boy of about two or three years of age, be- came entangled in the machinery of the flour mill, and was suddenly killed. It is supposed that the chlld had endeavoured to pass through a narrow passage near the machinery, and hav- ing stretched out its hands for support, its arm, and then the body, was drawn between the wheels and fearfully mutilated. Death must have been almost instantaneous. The sud- den jar caused by the accident was heard, and on search for the cause being instituted, the mangled remains of the poor child were found—life being wholly extinct. Yesterday an inquest was held by Mr. Thomson on the body, at the Northum- berland Hotel. From the evidence, it appeared that a few minutes before the accident the deceased, Arthur Hastings Burns, was playing about the mill; about four o'clock the engine-driver received orders from Mr. Burns to stop the engine; he did so, and proceeded into the mill, and there saw the mutilated body of the deceased entangled in the driving wheel of the engine. Dr. Wigan was soon on the spot, and placed the portions of the body of the deceased on a sheet; he was of opinion that death must have been instantaneous. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. From another source we are informed that the deceased, Arthur Hastings Burns, was only two years and seven months of age. The men employed in the mill very fond of him, and, although he was always sent out of the mill when seen there by his father, from a dread that an accident might occur to him, he would occasionally walk from the office into the mill, and talk to the men. In the beginning of last week the mill was not at work, and the deceased was taken Into the cellar by the men, where they were filling bran, but was sent home when his father found him there. To go into the cellar it is necessary to pass by the machinery, where this sad accident occurred. The deceased on Thursday afternoon went Into the mill, which was then at work; the men were dressing flour at the time, and their backs were generally turned to the deceased. His father had seen deceased in the verandah about ten minutes previously, and left to go into the mill, and was in the act of giving directions about some work when a shock was suddenly heard; the men guessed the cause, and the angine was backed as rapidly as possible, but without avail, as the death of the poor child was instantaneous. It is believed that the deceased was making his way to the cellar, with which he had become familiar from his previous visit, and that as he was passing along his dress was caught by the machi- nery, and led to his untimely and instant death. ACCIDENT.—On Thursday, as Mr. T. Leonard, of Mulbring, was returning from East Maitland, in a cart, the wheel slipped into a rut, and the vehicle capsized. Mr. Leonard was thrown out, and in the fall his leg was broken ; he was conveyed to the Oakvale Inn, and attended to, and is, we believe, in as favour- able condition as could be expected. The accident is a very serious one, inasmuch as Mr. Leonard had lost his other leg previously. ABUSIVE LANGUAGE - Boyce Innes was charged betöre the bench at east Maitland, yesterday, with using abusive and threatening languago to John Patrick Molloy. Mr Ellis ap penred for the complainant. From the evidence of Molloy, It appeared that on tho day named ho was going along the Louth Park Road with a dray and team, and met Innes with n dray and team Ills own dray was on a narrow bridge, when innes drove his team into such n position that neither ono nor the other could pass Innes s dray stuck fast, and Molloy helped to extricate it with lils bullocks Innes fell In the mud, and tho dray wheel went over his ankle, upon which Molloy drove the bullocks on in order that the weight of the dray might not rest on It Ho then n ont to him, and asked how ho was, and Innes called him a-hopping-, and said he had robbed him and picked his pocket.— Michael Connors deposed that he heard Innes tell Molloy it was not sale for tlicm to meet on tho road, and call bim a rogue and a robber Innes said that he saw the dray would pass ov cr his leg and called to Molloy to stop the team, but he did not do so Ho called him a rogue and a robber because he sold him some bullocks which did not prov o what he represented them to bo The defendant was convicted, cud ordered to pay a fine of 20s., or be imprisoned for three days. ASSAULT.— Michael McDonnell was charged before the bench at East Maitland, vestcrday, with assaulting Michael McBryan on the 27th October The complainant deposed that on the day in question, ho was near Mr Chambers's office, and tho defendant w ho was there struck him in the face, and knocked him down, lhey lind both been drinking, but had not quar- relled, nor was any provocation given It was late at night, and eel oral persons were about When ho w as on the ground, ho received several blows, but did not know from whom In answer to tho defendant s cross examination, lie denied that he had ohallengcd him or any ono else to fight.— Michael Haraghty deposed that thcro had been talking about card pla} lug between McDonnell and McBryan, after which they went out, and M Bryan said something about putting his list to M'Donncll s nose M'Donnell kuocked him dovvn After that they were down again, but M'Donnell struck the first blow -Charles O Dotuiell stated that when M'Bryan and M'Donnell came out at tho homo on the night in questlou, M'Bryan said he and his mato could have any two men in Maitland Both men appeared anxious to fight. The bench dismissed the case WAGES.— Arthur McDonald appeared before the bench at East Maitland, yesterday, under the charge of refusing to pay £17 15s wages due to Patrick Bourke. Mr Thompson (tor Mr Mullen) appeared for the complainant. The defendant did not dispute the claim. The money had been due since Tuesday week, and the complainant had lost much time in coming for it to Maitland, where the defendant said he would pay him. Both parties lived in Morpeth the defendant was a road con- tractor, and had hired the complainant to work on the road ; and to be paid monthly, he said it was not his fault, but the fault of the Government ; but the bench remarked that that was no satisfaction to the working man and his family. The defendant said that about £300 were due to him from the Government, and his work and been passed. The bench ordered payment of the amount claimed, and 21s being four day's wages for the lost time. An application for professional costs was refused, but an application for the issue of a distress warrant to be issued on Tuesday, in the event of the money not being then paid, was granted. CHAHGE OF UNLAWFULLY ABUSING A CHILD.— John Forster was charged nt the Court- house, West Maitland, yesterday, with unlawfully abusing his child, Mary Ann Forster.— Sergeant Thomas Kerrigan deposed that he arrested tho prisoner on Thursday afternoon, at the shop of " Hunt and Boswell," High-street, by virtuo of a warrant, which charged him, with unlawfully abusing one Mary Ann Forster a girl under twelve years ol age on the night ot 30th ultimo, witness explained tho charge moro fully to tho prisoner, telling him that the abuse complained of, was attempting to have connexion with her; ho said " I gave her a good thrashing for being out late at night , witness asked him her age, ho said "she was eleven years of age and was christened in sydney ' The prisoner was remanded until Monday nott OAKHAMPTON ROAD ALLOTMENTS -We are requested to call attention to the sale by Mr Yeomans, at the Royal Hotel, on Monday, of two excellent building allotments, near Mr Mears' property, Oakhampton Road -Communicated. 