TEE A'JSWS OF TEE DA.Y, The Great Britain steamship arrived at th« Heads last night at a quarter before six, and anchored in Hobson's Bay at a quarter past ten, having made the pas3age from theR-ck Light in 55 days 16 hours. She brings 381 passengers. The prizes for designs for the new Town Hall, Police Court, &c.;, at Ballaarat, have been awarded— the first to Mr G. D. Cuthbert, of Ballaarat, motto — ' To be or not to be ; ' the second, to Messrs Backhouse and Reynolds, of Geslong, motto — ' Omega ; ' and the third, to Mr Christopher Porter, of Geelong, motto — ' Utility.' In each case the condition is ap pended, that the work can be completed for L15,OOO if executed in granite, or Ll3,000, if in bluestone. In many orchards and fruit-garden3 round Brighton the fruit has been literally roasted on the trees by the recent fiery weather. A hat was burned down near Mount Gatnbier ths other day, from the ignition of the grass adjoining, in consequence of a man having lighted a fire on the ground a short distance away. The St. K'dda Ghronich says that in the word Belinda there is a meaning that parallels the significance of the phrase *' Royal British Bank' « the names 'Dean Paul, Strachan, and Co, ' We have received p3per3 from Adelaide to the 2ad of February. We understand that thirteen designs have been sent in for the new Pre3byteri an Church, St. Kilda, and that they will be exhibited in the course of the present week in the tempo rary plase of wordhip in Iakermau street. There are several cases in equity set down for hearing this day at the Supreme Court. In one of theoi the parties at issue will be Dunn, Brown. It will be very unusual though, if more are not in the same predicament. A fire took placa in Loiudale street, on Sunday morning. About five hundred pounds worth of property waa destroyed. At Epson a man has bean nearly killed by the bite of a spider. Ha is now only out of danger. A company is about being established to supply Maryborough with gas. On Thursday, a child two years of age, living on Barker's Creek, dr.mk about a table spoonful of hydrochloric acid. The chilJ is under surgical trealinsnt, anl exp3Ct3d to re cover. At the nomination on Friday for a person to represent Eist Gseiong in Parliament, a city councillor, Mr Finch, nominated the town sweep, Richard Robinson, Jftquire, as a fit and proper person, &o.; The face is aiosi fertile, P*^eKPJ«aS^^iv^wUaifil!riufl'a33'lstVircs.'*':I1 The diggers are returning in great numbers from Lamplough to Back Creek. The Ballaarat Star says :— We hear that it ii not at all improbable that a vacancy will ehortly occur in the reprasentatioa of one of the constituencies of this district-. Wo have been requested ro puts that the recent absence of Mr M. L. Kin? from his Parliamentary duties was caused by illness. a new journal, under tne title of Sporting Life in Victorlt, made it3 appearance on Satur day, At present it is rather tame, though perhaps tbat characteristic miy by it3 parents be considered to be the more truthful reflection of sporting life here. If so, we hope that sporting med. will arouse themselves, for the sake of the new arrival ; but we were not pre viously aware that that they had ever shorn 30 much want of energy. If the fault rc-sts with the jjurn.il itstlf, we have no doubt, judain;; from the men who have taken it in hatid, that tho defeci will 300.1 be corrected. The result of the recant investigation iuto the affairs of the Rev. Mr Se;ir!e, has not been made public, but the Ballaarat Star say3 that \ communication has bean received from t n Bishop, in which his Lordship gtates that the Rev. Mr SearJe has tendered his resignation us Incumbent of St. Paul's Church, and that the rev. geutleman'a functions ia connection with the church will cease on the 21st in3taut. Under Act No. 3, 185S, of the Church Assem bly, the appointment on this eccasioa rests in the hands of the Bishop. Some fine pro3pect3 have recently been ob tained from Back Creek, which has led to a small rush there. The want of water howeyar, is being severely felt. For some time past there has besn a tale at Ballaarat, that a ghost w hauatin^ So. 4 shaft of the Great Republic Company. . It is known that one or two men were killed some time &go; in the shaft. The Warrnambool Rifle Company are ex pressing dissatisfaction as not having received their accoutrements, while they were the first company established. The induction of the Rev. Mr Dison to hi3 charge ah. Penola, is shortly to take place it having been delayed by the illness of the .Rev. J. Don, of Mouut (xambier. Mr Barnard, tho Police Ma^isirite at Beech worth, has lately been presented with a break fast service by thj residents of Waranga. The discovery of a new gold-field at Snowy River, 120 miles from Albury is reported. It is taid that 2000 persons are already on the the ground. . A large screw steamer was noticed off C»pe Otway yesterday at half-past three, but her name could not be made out. It i3 Eup posed she was bound for Sydney. To-morrow Mr Burt i3 to deliver a lecture at the Temperance Hall, Bujsell street, on ' In toxicating drinks.' A new comio -?rama, entitled ' The Young Mother,' is to be presented to-nighfe at the i PantLeoQ Theatre, to be followed after the j usual interlude by tbe burlesq le of ' Conrad I and Medora.' | In reference to the ' iateat 'seen.' in this Assembly, Mr L-ilor has intimated tha' it is no- * correct to asiert th^t. he did not call the Attorney-General and Mr Michie to order, but | that, oa the contrary, he acted with the utmost impartiality. It is much to be regretted tbat no oae knew this till ths next day, bec;.u:e it is generally supposed that Mr Laiyr did nothing of the kind, aud that his influence 00 the occa sion in question was q'lite nugatory ; and nothing, not even Mr Lalor himself, will ever convince the public otherwise. The Blackwall ship Prince of Wales, belong ing to the Messrs Green, arrived on Saturday from London, after a successful voyage of seventy-seven days. The captain has bi.en pre sented with a piece of plate by the passengers. A special general meeting of the memhers of the St. Patrick's Society is convened for Thurr day, the 9th inst., to be held at tin Mechanics' Institute. As will be seen by our advertising columns, Mr Patrick O'Brien is a candidate for the re presentation of West Bourke. He is to meet the electors to-night at Keilor, Esaendon, and Fleminijton. The Omeo arrived in Hobson's Bay yester day from Adelaide. The adjourned meeting of the shareholder of the Bolinda Mining Company is postponed till Thursday, the 9th inst. To-night Donizetti's opera of Lucrezia Borgia is to be repeated at the Theatre Royal. The Lightning is advertised to sail for Liver pool to morrow. 