METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) LONDON, Saturday Evening, June 30. HOT water is said to be as copious in the" neighbourhood of Whitehall as cold water is everywhere else all over the bills of mortality. "Whether it be hot enough for the premature cooking of ministerial whitebait will depend upon what Gladstone does with the pretty kettle of fish he has made of the produce of his financial hook and line, baited with the most captivating of piscatorial allurements, if we only believed himself, as everybody did believe, except one or two this day three months. Reversing all Waltonian axioms, he has not thrown a sprat to catch a salmon, but thrown a salmon to catch a sprat, and missed the spirit and now, furious at his own language, he is going to throw the tackle into the stream, and probably jump after it himself; by way of putting an end to further floundering. According to present tumour, but that was before to-night's Cabinet Council, or to events during the Privy Council, he is not to appear in his place on Monday, when the Privileges' Report is to be brought on setting forth that the Lords can do what they like with their own, meaning their own business, which a paper money bill is j not as much as the salary of Chaff Wax, or the electroplating of the great seal. There are a good many probabilities in favour of this fiasco to all the hyperbolical flourish ings and glorification of the right honorable volu- bility, but there are also many against the hypothesis. In the first place, Uncle Leopold is off to day ; and he would hardly do that if there were an actual crisis, without having a word as to whom should be " sent for." Then it is all arranged that Newcastle goes with the Prince of Wales to Canada and if there be any one in the world in deference to whose convenience Gladstone would dismount from a hobby it is his Grace. Then there is his own amour propre which, it is to be presumed, would rather revolt from the idea of ostracising himself for ever from official life in subservience to a fiscal fantasy of the member for Birmingham for once he is out he never can come in again, any more than could Cha bert, the Fire King, ever appear after undertaking to swallow a pint of aquafortis, and declining the draught when the gulping time came, for which piece of prudence Wakley, the coroner, would have put the poor conjuror to death on the spot if he could have caught him. Lastly, there is the total unpreparedness of the Opposition for although they did dine at Willis rooms last night, and although the president, Earl Shrewsbury, did exhibit some of the Elton Tower's plate, and that harum-scarum grandfather of Welsh rabbits, Sir "Watkin Wynne, did lend the punchbowl he was christened in, and although Pakington did call Disraeli " that great and distinguished man," and was tempestuously cheered for so doing, the great and distinguished man was conspic ' uous for his absence, as was also Derby. The expected presence of the pair was the great attraction of the night, as no one would have given a shilling of the guinea to hear or to see the others. The bathos of the whole affair was crowned by a nobody calledPerry Watlington, member for somewhere or other, propos- ing the House of Peers, and the Lord knows who replying, but not saying a syllable as to the prospect of the party coming in, which all the world well knows they can't. It is nearly as difficult to understand how those that are in can continue there one hour beyond another, save on the old theory that Palmerston's destiny must be fulfilled, and he will remain till it is consummated, be the time long or, short that destiny being to remove his mask of fifty years, when we shall see what we shall see, as long muzzled Tear'em once said, but says no more. Does it necessarily follow that if Gladstone went out there must be a collapse of the cabinet ? Not at all. The Premier who has been strong enough to keep back the Fortifications Report six months after it was made would be strong enough to disregard its recommendations for six months longer and in that case anybody, even Cardwell, would do for the exchequer. Still there were such signs of distress on the Treasury bench last night that the " Appen- pages" evidently fear that their hour is almost come, when they must give up the ghost, as they have long given up all spirit, being afraid to call their souls their own. Lord John, at whose house the Cabinet met this evening, was indisposed when Peel's probing question about that Thouvcnel dispatch was to have come on. Bethel was here de combat when his broken-down Bankruptcy Bill was inquired after. Only Cardwell and Cornewall Lewis, the twin impersonation of dyspepsia and blue devils, occupied the Ministerial bench. Even the everlasting and ever present Premier only looked in a little while, and then departed, all the others (except Herbert for a short time being away, engaged, it is said, in the very laudable endeavour to wash their particularly unpleasant family linen at home, without inviting public attention to the detergent process, and to the extreme necessity for speedy purification. Whether they will have succeeded in so doing has ere this been determined, so far as anything can be said to be de. it rained in which Gladstone is concerned, the chances being always six to half-a-dozen that as soon as he has resolved to do something, he will go straight, or at least go crooked, and do the opposite, and then make a speech an hour long to show that that is exactly what he ought not to have done. The understood course of proceeding is this. At to-night's cabinet meeting liberty was given to, or taken by the respective members to do as they please 611 Monday on Collier's motion, condemnatory of the Peers, and declaratory of the rights of the Commons. This motion, the notice of which was shown to Bright beforehand and approved by him, as well as loudly cheered when read out, is to be seconded by Bouverie, Lord Radnor's son, he of the Russell round robin, and now an unattached vVhig, his father being no longer proprietor of Mr. Wilson, The words of Collier's motion are principally taken from a very old precedent! and the motion itself will be strongly supported by some of the Radicals, who are determined to extort some confession of ministerial action on Monday night, and are infinitely disgusted at the discretion the cabinet has assumed in leaving the matter an open question; and an attempt is to be made to get up a specific debate instanter by moving the adjournment of the House the moment business is begun. Others of the Radicals (a poor set at best, mere burlesques of the old intellectual and independent section) including AyFÎ2?K?.,8bïjÎSeï,nouriand ? few more intend W^WîSWiîSôiption. of Collier, himself a member of thE committee. on the ground that it forward in some respects, and pledges the House to severaljob'noxious ' details.' Perhaps the most likely issue of all is that the whole thing will blow over, and be as forgotten by this day week by our most thinking people as that the present chief adviser of the Queen was once expelled her Majesty's councils' by her order for doing the reverse of what she commanded, and then denying that he did so ;. and this not once, but repeatedly. Wonderful is the power of forgetfulness possessed by our reflecting population and hence the clamour of being governed by public opinion, which is always something different to-day from what it was yesterday, and is sure to be something else to-morrow. It would be well if there were a blow up of some sort soon, if only to get at the bottom of the humbug about the treaty. It is known to those who know anything of such matters, that is about one individual in every hundred thousand in this sagacious metropolis, capital of highly cultivated ignorance, that Cowley not only never had the partiality alleged by the Gibsonites for the arrangement, but was decidedly opposed to the principle, and the personal instrumentality for carrying it out. He is a high caste Brahmin in the diplomatic service, for whose traditions he has hereditary reverence; and the obtrusion into the temple of a Pariah like the Unadorned is abhorrent in his nostrils, a downright case of greased cartridge. Old Cowley, the Sir Henry Wellesley whose wife (once Lady Charlotte Cadogan) was captured by Anglesey, who paid the bereaved husband of the charmer £20,00 in gold, after first trying to put some lead in his head, was the most straight laced of functionaries, long employed by his brother, Wellington, at £12,000 " a year in Vienna, and subsequently in Paris; the other brother, the Indian Governor- General, having first made Harry's fortune in the east. The present Cow-, ley is a chip of the old block and though afflicted with a maudlin horse, which rather burlesques his intended stateliness, is full of pedantry and punctilio, which he carried almost to an excess even for the German Tapers and Tadpoles at Frankfort, before he was thence pitchforked to Paris, at the special instance of our late Czaritic "friend of forty years," so as to put Stratford de Redcliffe's nose out of joint. This it did in that quarter and by sending Sir Hector Stubble back again to the Bosphorus, Nicholas precipitated the mock war, which led to the sham peace, the substantial cream whereof we are now skimming in the Tartar we have caught in Alexander the Second, whose empire was also to have been peace. So averse was Cowley to the treaty, and to the unprecedented clumsiness of having a non-official buffer to take off the concussion and the credit of ambassa- dorial responsibility, an unacknowledged dry nurse in the person of Cobden, that it was with difficulty he could be persuaded to remain at his post, thus" are reduced to a contemptuous cypher. True,- he is in- ordinarily fond of money, and puts nearly as much in his private pocket out of the allowance for the public hospitality of the Legation as did that other pinch, beck and pinch belly representative of royalty, Clarendon, in Dublin. Cowley from his earliest youth took up " the good old gentlemanly vice of avarice," and could play Moliere's L'Avare to the life off-hand, as Stephen Kemble was said to do Fal- staff without stuffing. No less prudential is his Excellency's thrifty spouse, ever on frugal thoughts intent, as the smokeless smokestacks of John Bull's cold shouldering house in Rue St. Honor frigidly testify. But notwithstanding the auriferous allurements of salary and pickings, to the tune of full £14,000 a year, all crumbs included, such was Cowley's dislike to the treaty and its amatcuring negotiator, that he could scarcely be kept from throwing up the mission and it was only all sorts of extraneous internal collateral subterranean and circumlocutionary coaxing and wheedling that kept him from backing out, kicking over the traces despite the delicate handling of the Imperial and Tivertonian Rarey's, and sending the whole thing into smash. Of course all this is Greek in Cottonopolis, where the yarns are swallowed about Cowley's co-operation, and the noble lord is believed to be a delighted auxiliary to the plebeian improvised plenipotentiary from Stockport, who has merely to say " Presto like Robert Houdin, and convert the most fossilized Gallic prohibitionist into the counterpart of a Staley bridge freetrader, or freebooter, as the philo- logical wood-splitter of Bucks phrases it. But though this may be secret to our spinning jenny natives, it is not so to the foreigners domiciled amongst us, who alone seem to know anything about our domestic affairs, or any Other affairs of ours orchard For instance, which of us has the faintest idea of the meaning of matters in Naples, about which our newspaper readers cackle everlastingly, according as Man chausen Reuter tells them that black is white one day, and white black the next, and that nothing is' of any colour the day after ? How little suspected, or little understood would it be if it were, is the hand of Austria in all the Bourbon excesses that make revolution inevitable The means employed are just the same as in Gallicia, when the paternal Vienna ministers restored law and order by causing the peasants to murder the nobles. The object is to render impossible the continuence of the present dynasty in the direct line, so that the succession may go at once to the king's h half-brother, Comte de Troni, offspring of the late King's Austrian marriage, and whose projected union to the Bavarian Princess, Matilda Louisa, has just been indefinitely put off. It is to checkmate this Austrianizing scheme, of which the assault on the French ambassador at Naples is probably a part, that Louis Napoleon has become so solicitous for improved government in Naples, and has tendered such exemplary advice to his volcanic Majesty, lest a final eruption take place. The Garibaldian episode is apart from this altogether, and, for the present, is as puzzling to French as it is deranging to Austrian schemes. It of course conduces directly to the designs of Russia, the presence of whose self-convicted Bgent,' Colonel Turn, in Sicily, is conclusive on that head with all who have eyes to see. But those who do so see are not of the number who beheld something wonderful in the Muscovite Prince Galitzin getting up a couple of concerts here in aid of the Sicilians ; our press wiseacres accounting for the phenomenon on the ground that the Prince B liberalism rendered him obnoxious at St. Petersburg, where he dare not show his republican nose lest he should have his poll chopped off a piece of blockheadism on our part that must increase, if that be possible, Brunow's contempt for that most obfuscated and self-complacent of animals, the British public. Louis Napoleon has packed off the female Mephistophiles, and therefore his most worthy handmaiden, meaning harridan Christina, of Spain, to put a grain or two of the sense of self-preservation in the skull of her semi- demented young cousin, the King, and to warn him of the immediately fatal consequences of acting on Austrian advices any longer. Hence the sudden change that has come over the spirit of the royal dreamer ; but how long it will last heaven, or the other place, can alone tell for who can know a man that doesn't know his own mind ? Meantime, the alteration such as it is, will enable the Emperor to coquette a while simultaneously with the revolutionists and the despots all round, playing off one against the other, till the game, whatever it is, be played out, or till the gamester go off like Zamiel s victim in Der Frey schutz, and leaving an equally Pandemoniac sniff behind. Christina is the same horse leech she ever was, in Cuba, as everywhere else ; the question is, what " more" she is to have for this new move on Naples. Perhaps she will be permitted to fix her clutches still deeper than at present on Malmaison, which there is no getting a sight of ever since she and her brood of Munoz vultures have settled there thus causing it to be an exception to all the other Bona porters or ex Bonapartean residences, to which access is given with a freedom that might be beneficially imitated on this side of the channel. In regard to Malmaison, by the way, it is not irrelevant to remark that the remains of Josephine who died there in 1814, are buried in the small chapel of the adjoining little town of Bueil, where also is buried her daughter, Hortense, mother of the Emperor, by whom a monument has been erected to the latter, instead of another he had designed during his exile. It is of white marble, and nearly a fac-simile of that to the ex-Empress, homely, an arch surmounted by a pediment, and supported by four Ionic columns resting on a basement, the deceased represented kneeling on a plinth in the act of prayer. The basement of the one bears the inscription, A Josephine, Evgene [the Viceroy, her son] at Hortense, 1825\. The other-A la Reine Hortense, you as Napoleon III. From the chapel a flight of twenty-two steps descends to a vault wherein is deposited the body of the Queen in a sarcophagus profusely sculptured and gilt, the empress's body is encased in the marble base- ment of her monument. If the Emperor is so intent as certain of our oracles assume on finding a mausoleum for his family in the old burying-place of the Bourbons, St. Denis, why has he not begun ere this with transporting the bones of his grandmother thither? It is notoriously to the Beauharnais, and not to the Buonaparte branch, the present man belongs, even setting aside the o'er true tale of the Dutch paternity of her self and his uterine brother Morny. josephine was the founder and maintained SS rites" of the Ba«"^aniais tribe; and being his' father mother, and moreover a day crowned Empress, crowned by a Pope, which her grandson never will be, nor by any rate searchers lB actOr His hM "w "ii and says still, she had even a prior right of interment if any right or pretension there be, to the whole himself a?. K.^ÍÍ°W^-Ít0 Carson Jerome is to rest beside the brother he fought for so gallantly IvaterloT though he lost the battle by the merest accidence shifting the artillery, after Napoleon had dispatched two couriers to Paris announcing victory, it may be assumed that the St. Denis project, if ever entertained is given up and probably the conqueror of Solferino himself will desire to be laid with the hero of Auster htz, which he won t, and may account himself happy if he have half as respectable a licence over his hatch ment as his sagacious predecessor, Smith, of the Tuileries, Newhaven, and Claremont. The portents are gathering that the battle of the porcupine the fight with the quills, will be his ultimate undoing at home, as it was with his two forerunners, let him, do what he will or whom he will abroad, British goose or Prussian eagle or Turkey included. THE LONDON IRISH VOLUNTEERS. with a pardon- able, if not commendable spice of nationality, an "eye-witness" of the Volunteer display in Hyde Park thus speaks of the appearance of the London Irish Brigade :-" Although the general verdict of the public was in favour of that splendid aggregation of enfant per day, the lawyers of the Inns of Court' regiment (familiarly and suggestively termed the Devil's Own'), our Irishmen stood second to none in martial bearing and soldierly promise. The singularly foreign appearance of the Irish regi. ment the result of the peculiar cost of the Celtic physiognomy was very striking. The Devil's Own' may be better drilled for the present; the Loa . don 2 Scotch and the 'Robin Hoods may have more millinery merit and more picturesque uniforms ; but, for the real rudiments of a regiment of good soldiers, our Irish volunteers need yield the pat to none other. When the fighting comes if it comes we know what the Irish can do then. If the evil day comes which I, for one, do not expect when Louis Napoleon is to take his final threshing within range of " Big Ben" of Westminster, I know where the London Irish will be then. There will be green plumes dancing and bright swords flashing, and some choice rifle practice going on somewhere not far from the front that day. I saw rather a suggestive sight on the review day. One of the finest looking fellows in the Irish lines was Morgan John O'Connell, ex M.P., recalling in his own person the lineaments and physique of the. burly Liberator. Think of the great man in his cloak and cap of Erin, thundering out his tremendous denunciation of England's badness and tyranny, and cruelty to her Irish slaves. And then think of Morgan John, with his green plume towering half a foot above his fellows every inch an O'connell-saluting England's Queen in pledge and promise that, if her day of danger and distress should come, England may count on Irish- men to do their duty ! There's a fine moral in that believe me. This volunteer movement is a far grander matter than you can, in Ireland, conceive. The heart of the nation is in it. The feeling that it has excited is not ephemeral, and is not confined to the volunteers themselves. On the review day I studied the faces and the bearing of the populace who thronged the streets as the volunteers marched past in ever- varying array, and I can tell you I saw the British lion wakening up awfully in the eyes of the people. The fighting ele- ment is not dead it has slept; but the heavy sleep is over. Philosophize as we may, the strong right arm is the greatest natural fact in the universe j and 100,000 strong right arms of Britain's best, with Enfield rifles in them, will justify Gerald Massey's spirit-stirring strain-" There's life in the old land yet." THE FRENCH MILLINER IN THE WITNESS BOX. Madame Lareine ascended into the pen, and took her place, after delivering herself of a stately soup to the judges and the court, like a grand dame of the reign of Louis XIV. She did not give their lordships any trouble about taking her seat-not she ! When her attention was called to the various acts of cruelty, both of speech and act, with which Mr. Barber was charged " on account of Mrs. Barber's alleged extravagance in dress, she clasped her hands in an emphatic way and exclaimed, " Ah .' Mon Dieu ! c'est infantile barbaric !" She then explained to the court that the usual Parisian calculation for a lady's dress varied proportionately with the family income and that the amount of the dot brought by the wife was invariably taken largely into account. Upon an income of 25,000 francs she could positively affirm -assuming two children-a lady was economical who only expended 10,000 francs on dress. Mrs. Barber, in Her opinion, was entitled to expend at least £100 per annum on this object. The sum of £200 per an- num was a failure; it was mesquin-deplorable ! Was £25 too much for that evening robe of white satin ? Assuredly not ! The court must take into account that there were boathouses and a frill of silver lace. She saw no mention of the birth which was de- rigueur ! And then their lordships would readily see there must be a bow to match at the front of the body. For a terre velvet bonnet, trimmed across with a scarf of the same five guineas were a bagatelle. No ! there would be no blonde inside. It done guel genre ! The outer dresses petticoats, sleeves, cuffs, gloves apart-she could not set a lady's little corner comforts down at less than 100 per annum. In answer to Dr. Lobb, in cross examination, she intimated to him that she had been speaking hitherto of ladies ; but she was quite prepared to admit that the wife of a small lawyer-a petit avocet like him (Dr. L.). night dress herself for £40 per annum ; but then she must be aux expedients, and devote her whole attention to turning, dyeing, and making shift. Would Dr. Lobb like to ask her any more questions ? or any other gentleman ? No ? Then, ma for.' Bonjour! SouRCES. OF THE SOCIAL EVERS-In London and other large towns how many servants -oPall- work are there, each isolated in a decent family, and not permitted to have "followers." Yonder sits one in an underground kitchen, her day's work done, and her fingers employed in sewing. Not a soul is near to her, and her whole nature craves for companionship. From time to time the bell rings, and she runs upstairs to take orders from a highly respectable mistress, who suffers no replies or arguments, being thoroughly convinced that " familiarity breeds contempt," especially with servants. Her care of her domestic amounts only to care for her own apparent interests. She must rise early and do her work to the letter ; she must not talk to the tradespeople at the door ; she must wear a cap of a peculiar cut, and gowns of a peculiar make and fashion. Not a soul must come into the house for fear of thieves ; but once a month the poor girl is turned loose for her holiday, to go whither she will, and seek what associates she may. If the daughter of the house were in question, she would be watched, and guarded, and talked to, and caressed ; but the servant of the same age, and with a stronger and more excitable frame, a healthy and inviting look, and gushing over with a desire for sympathy and fellowship, and as ignorant as the daughter of the world's ways, is left to chance. If she goes wrong she can be turned away, and another servant be got, the child of some other working man. The safety of a poor girl in such circumstances lies in her family being near her to absorb her sympathies ; but in many cases this is thought objectionable, as involving " followers." The perfection of a servant, amongst narrow-minded people, is held to be the absence of all sympathy save for her work. The more the human being provided she be not a thief, a drunkard, or duty in habits, or rude in manners to her mistress-be like to a machine the better, the less chance will there be of her going astray. But if the poor girl possesses affections, and all those qualities which constitute a kindly nature, the more probably, in her isolated state, craving for sympathy, will she become the dupe of the designing, if tempted. And then she is made a pariah. If the contrary take place-that a vicious servant seduces the son of a family is not made a pariah. All the fault is visited on the offender, and no thought is taken as to the want of care, as to the moral nature of the servant, and, the neglect of wholesome precautions for the son, which has caused the evil.- W. Bridges Adams in the Manchester Review. COMFORT IN ADVERSITY -At the Inverness Circuit Court, the two wives in the bigamy case of Macmillan were waiting in the witness room, the one from Coldstream, a respectable and somewhat elderly looking woman, the other from Ross-shire, a younger person. On its being reported in the witness-room that Macmillan had pleaded guilty, his Ross-shire spouse burst into tears, when the feeling borderess, stepping forward and drawing the weeping one's attention by a gentle tap on the shoulder, said, "I'm saving . 'oman, are we Donald's wife ? " She was answered dolefully, "I believe I" am." " Too many bairns have ye see him, my good woman ? ' I have had two, and one of them is dead." " Hoot awa, pure body, I'm sorry for ye ; see there's a sixpence tale yes. and I wish we luck o' him, for gin he kick yeas aft as he has done me, I fear ye'll be tired enough of him. The disconsolate wife adroitly closed her hand on the proffered coin, seeming to accept it as no small solatium in the circumstances. 