'PENJILL fNGS FROM MT PORTFOLIO;* (From the Weekly Empire.) , Tempo ia nothing new to Le seen in Bathurst-everything x» tamo and uninteresting. Those ubiquitous. German girls, .with cracked voices and uroken-windod instruments, parado 'ibo streets from daylight till dark, and become a post to . «ny one who lias once been soft enough to reward their ox ~eruciaUng melodies. Druiikonness flourishes and tho pub- licans, atlonsfc those who profit by it, are consequently i jubilant.. When I said that there was nothing, new in ? Bathurst, I omitted to mention ono curiosity. We have all ^'fieard 'ef the; " çroon-oyed-moi.ster,"-most of us,' I! dare «ay have felt his power, while tho " green" man" isTre qnently in requisition with those whoso asseverations are »ot confined to "yea, yen," and "nay, nay," but I doubt ?whether any one has yot seon a preen haired woman. Yet snell s. iutut naturas exists in Bathurst-a real livo woman, and no mistake, with green hair. Fact, I assure you, unbe- lieving Jew of a reader-and, remarkable coincidence, tho .fair creature thus adorned, is a daughter of the Green Mo. ? 'Whether, however, tho colour ¡B natura', ortho result of some \- «Jj» or unguent, I will not pretend to say.' Curiously enoHgli I diionver a likeness between Bathurst and Maitland. Tho resemblance, however, is maeli like that .. discovered by Fluollon between Monmouth and Macedon. ."'Ibero is a ri vor in Monmouth, nnd there is also more- over a river in Macedon." Now, as the police records of ?hath places will show, there is a Durham-street in Maitland .«.nd there is also, moreover, a Durham-street in Bathurst, *oth Iocalitlo< being famous as the resort of the votaries of tba licentious Queen of Love. Venus, Cytherea ! I fear the ^ancients wore very loose in their morals, wlion they conferred '«a thee so proud a distinction- since luBt, not love, appears ? ta be thy fftiidiner star. . Westward still; Deolin'ng the preferred kindness of a . friend, to furnish mo with a horse for tho journoy, and . a. trooper as guide, I resolve upon taking the mail, OB the -quickest means of reaching my destination. From Bathurst l.jto Stoney Crook is upwards of 70 miles-tho mail leaving tho former place ft 4 run. and arriving at tho latter at8 ' p-m. of tho same day. Tho morning dawned beautifully «lear and cool, with a soft, silvery light in tho atmosphere, ?'^betokening one of those glorious Australian summer days .winch make it a hlcssing and a joy, morely to live and move. My companions on this occasion aro an old Irishwoman, : Aer pretty daughter, and an elderly fomnle Just arrived from 'England, and now on her way to her friends nt Summerhill. The last mentioned old lady, in her hurry to ho in time for ? tile coach, rusbos down stairs half dressed, exposing to pro ,-i faite gaseo that portion of th« bust upon which in a young -and handsoino maiden, ono delights to feast his eyes, but . which, in females of a" certain ago" is apt lo presenta «arrogated, and by no means inviting appearance It is ' «astonishing how little amuses pooplo when thoy aro travel- ling, and liavo nothing but the commun cares of life to troublo them. Jests, that at ordinary timos would not , rraist tho ghost of a smile aro thon tito causo of" side- splitting" laughter ; overy-body is amused with \- avery thing, and the sillier the joka the hotter ? ;îs it received. " Ould Erin's" ould daughter was oneommonly morry, whilo her fair olive branch did not Coil to toko advantage of ovory opportunity to display her -cabinet of pearls. Even tho elderly widow, for such she .was, could not resist tho contagious mirth of her follow '. passengers, ? although a CIOBO obsorvor might perçoive bo ... neath tho smiles that rippled the surfaco of tho stream a . -deep under-current of sorrow. " Gintlv,. now, for tho love of tho Vurgin I ' roarod ont tho old lady, ns the coach, Tattling down a rough and stony lrll, tossed her about like * shuttlecock, when suddenly one of tho shaft traeos gavo «ray, and sho was pitcbod bead-foremost into tho stomaoh of tho fat lad/ opposite her, who. would have bellowed \- lustily hod not all tho wind in lier body, hoon driven out by the concussion. Tho mishap being repaired, " on wo goos again," as tho olown says in tho circus. Tho rond, alboit : none of the best, is much hotter than that between Bathurst sud Sydney. A short distance from Bathurst, on tho crown of a bill, stands Goneral Stewart's monument, a conspicuous object in tho landscape for miles around. Passing' over a succession of well-grassed, thinly, timbered low ridges, n few Gums being occasionally visible from the road, wo arrivo at .-Guyong, twenty-three milos from Bathurst, in timo for \- -breakfast. As only ton minutes aro allowed to despatch ?the meal no time is to bo lost. Tho old Irishwoman, pre- vious to sitting down, howovor, takes a couple of draws of -tho "Judeen," for the same reason, !.. imagine,. that ono -?tikes bitters in order to givo ono an appetite At all . events tho sequel proved that tho Journoy lind not in any ,vmy deranged hor epigastrio region, ,0b, arikoyl how she .pitched into tho boiled pig's head and roast fowl I Tho toast and butter vanished incontinently, and, as for the ''nratioB," murther and phillilew I thoy irero disposed of ?with a celerity that the groat Jack tho. giant killer, of -hasty- pudding notoriety, might have oaviod, but could «sever have hoped to emulate. But no pious Blare the, no rater or ATO ' -Frooounoo* as ihe bolted til nt cold irly'n'Jtico | (Blio lukoJ me for- slutting, abo asked int for gravy,, filio askoil «ie for glzsara, but not for graio I "Cortos,'that fat old landlady felt relieved when she saw ber rise to dopart -, but so, alas I did tba table, no longer ^groaning under tho "delioaolea of the season." ' .Guyong is a pretty place, situated in a pleasant little valley, sunny with tho guidon harvest, and hedged in hr (rreon and picturosquoty wooded hills. On to Frederick's Valley, tho country becoming; mora open and moadow-like, the land fortilo and dotted with smiling farms. Then past .'"the Wentworth ' gold- fiolds, whore thoro is . n "-'crushing machino at work, willoh, as wo were ? <tsld, is at present barely paying expenses, . the best of tho ora having been worked out. A mila or two ' farther and wo are at Summer-hill, whare the elderly female ' from Home comes to an anchorage. Tho coach stops in front of ii roadside ¡mi,' out of which a niau with a broken ' noss and a blaok oyo emerges, and, with dawnoast look, comes slowly towards us. Tho elderly fomalo descends with a host of bundles of all imaginable sizos and shapes. "Tho man with tho broken nono and black oyo is hor brother -for twenty years tbojr havo not soon oaoh other-but 4M yet neither hara given any signs ef recognition. Without saying n word bo takes n bundle out of her band, ..«nd is proceeding towards tho homo with it when she innis iud ask* him if he knows hor. Then, though still silent, bo clasps her hand in lils, and tho big tears como ?: coursing down bis chock. Ah I who can tell what \- memories aro rushing through tho mind of that ' besotted man-; swcot, sad memories of those ?'? days when Innocent and happy children, ho and tbat sister ruddled together "in tho burn" and pulled "tho gowan's . fine." Thoro is hope, though, of that man-thoro is yet n .** touch of nature" in him. l'roui Guyong to Orange, a distance of tliirtcon milos, .the rosd lies through a Uno o\>on agricultural country-the ?.best thai I havo soon on tho western side of tho Ulna ?Mountains. A couple of milos kofore coming into tho 'latter, the ground is coverod with tho broken limbs and uprooted trunks of trees, tho effect of tho storm which ?.suited us on our entry into Bathurst a fow days since. . Orango appears to bo a llourldiing littlo town, and contains . «orne good buildings. Dinner at Í Orange, and wo .aro on tho rond again. Bo tween Orango ; and ".Shepherd's Crook, tho country is uninteresting, con ' silting of a succession of box ridges, nrnro heavily timbered than any wo had passed over nineo wo loft ; Bathurst. Schist and brokon quartz woro abnndnnt, and many places that wo passed gave strong indications of ' being auriferous, but, strnngo to say, tho country hereabouts 'Joes not seem to havo over Leon prospootcd. Tho diggers around Stott >y Creek appear to lack sttftloiont energy to try a. new (leid, and content themselves with earning a miserablo living by working among tho old ohiinn. But this is tho «"ault of tho diggora every whoro, and tho consequence is that hundreds of likely spots are loft altogether untriod. 1 fool .most certain that a rich gold-field will yet bo discovered -tween Money Crook and Orango. Tossed an old woman shepherding n flook of sheep, and 'ïjuilly plying her needle at tho samo time. A fow milos ? farther on passed her daughter, a buxom wench, also shep- herding, and deep in the mysteries of n romance Doth .flocks bolong to the old woman, whoso industry lias boen .rewarded Lost our way, through tho coaohman nttompting 4o take a. short out. Always lind tho old saw true, "tho ' mom basto tho worso spo d." Como to a station and aro Attracted how to romain the road, lint again lose oit'sclvcs intore hopelessly than liofore. Coachman almost frantic vthrough lear of being lato with tho mail. Endeavours to argo on tho Jaded horses, but they won't hour thc volco of .the charmer. Moot at length a brceoblosi shepherd hoy ?who pms ns in tho way ot finding tho road, which this timo .wc happily rcgaiu. Arrive at Shonhords Croak a littlo ^before PU-clown-twolves milos rot to Stony Crook. . Two fresh dorsos curry us ovor tfío remaining jm:t of tho 'Journoy ut ft spanking simce. Wo bowl along ovor B roiul m «ruoolli us ft billiard table, through ii delightful country, '.«nen, park-like, mid luxuriantly grassed. You would iiovor * dream thntyon wore in tho inimoilinto notghbourliood of a . .gold Held-us yot (hore is not a singlo sign of tho diggings i-üolngno ir nt hand. Eight mlle» from .ShopTionl'a Crook brings .JUS to tho heud of Stony Crook, a scarcely perceptible gully between two low ridges. A short distance further, on, mid wo cross lt i it is still dry, but with a littlo moro pretension; to to called a orock. A milo further nnd it rapidly incroasos \ln silo, slaty bars cross its boil, but thoro ls no water in it. .Within a nillo or two ol' tho diggings, and still no imlica 'itions of thom. You might fonoy th »I you woro in a primeval '«oiltilde, ns yet untrodden by man. Ovor u rather long ridge, nnd nt last at tho onoo celobrntod Stony Creek "digging*. Crossing the orock again, wo como into what was onco tho township, but which faa now dwindled down to a singla pabilo bouse, half-n-tlor.ou buts, mid a fow lents. Ai'horo ls n matrix mill at work boro; but wo heard that it wa« scared V paying oxponsos. There are many likely-looking bars along ¿ike oreek, but from the super-abundance of water, tho diggora i have never boen able to work them properly. Wore itin Cali- fornia, however,'instead of Australia,. Stoney Creek would bo 'speedily compelled, to disgorge its bidden 'treasures, Nothing oo'nld be cosier than to turn the bed of the oreek, if pur miners-had any. enterprise,'which they haven't; . The muddiness of the water in the creek shows that there aro some gold- washers at work on it, but these aro for the most part crawlers, who only- Bpoil the water, without obtaining any gold; On for a couple of milos further to " The Ironbarks," where the greatest humber of diggers in this locality are now. congregated. I cannot yot funoy that 1 nm in a gold country, it is so unlike any gold-field that I hare over seen be- fore. lt has noithor the wild grandeur of the Turon, nor tho uninviting barrenness of Bendigo. If I bad travelled over lb before gold had been discovered, I should have pro- nounced it a fine sheep-walk, but would never have dreamed of sonrohing for tho precious metal. Yet many of tho loads hereabouts have proved remarkably rich. It is al- most dark as wo ascend tho ridge, at the bottom of which lies tho Ironbark. The traces of tho gold-minor become now more apparent. " Once moro upon tho tUffgingB-yet once more." Thoro is yet sufficient light lott, dimly to discern the handiwork of the digiter. Those mounds of red- dish-yellow clay, oil ending from top to bottom bf that long ravine, reminds mo of Old Bendigo. Here, at all events, thore bas boeii somo work done, and some gold got. The lights are shining cheerfully in tho Ironbark-but oh, what a contrast do those few lights present to tho myriads of watch-fires, that in days of yore wore wont to illuminate the deop gullies of tho Turon, ortho hundred hills of Bendigo! Cone, too, all tho ru'glily stir and bustle that characterised the carly days ot gold-digging-gone all tho fun and frolic-gone for over, the romance of tho occupa- tion-it has now dogoncratod ¡tito dull, uninviting down- right hard work. Verily the diggings aro not what they wera "iii tho days when I went gold-finding a long limo ago." What a dolicious tiling to bo hungry when ono has whorowith to appease tho qnnwing vulture within. Bless that pig-eved, pug-nosed phizof thine, oh, thou most celestial of celestial cooks. How mirth-provoking thy broad grin, exhibiting a mouth like a turnpike) nnd teeth like mile- stones, as thou layest tho savoury dishes before us, ex- claiming, " dis hos», and dis curry tick." Toads and newts ! stowed norse, and curried tioks 1 a dish for a french epionro, mayhap, but not nt all suited to tho palate nf an Aus- tralian lieo.'-eator. Ah, well, wo readily excuso thy, broken English, John-tho proof of t o pudding is in the eating of it, and n rnvonnus truvollcr is not likely to turn np his nose nt "hash" and "curried chicken." How pleasant to meet with frionds nt a distance from homo, especially in a placo where one does not oxpoct to seo them. The most casual acquaintances, at such u timo, fraternise as cordially as if thoy had boen bosom friends for years. In fact, one is glad to full in, even with thoso whoso companionship at othor times ha would feel a boro. A jovial ncrpiaintnnco or two, whom I moot nt Ironbark, help to mako tho evening pans oft" " right moirily. ' In an ad- joining room, a lot of diggers aro carousing, thoir ludicrous attempts nt melody affording infinito amusement. The ballad anent " Annie Laurie,"-that young lady who gavo her " promise true," at " maxwelton braes," whero tho dows fell so " onrly," ns if tho dows didn't fall early in othor iliacos ns well nB there-instead ot' oxeiling tendor feelings in tho listeners, is only provocative of uproarious laughter. Tho genius of tho singers is snob, that in their hands, or rather their mouths, tho camio be- comes excruciatingly lugubrious, while the senti- mental, on tho other hand, appeals to one's risiblo faculties in a manner altogether irresistible. " Orclor for Jack the Mat's song !" Jack risoB in reponso to tho call, and after a preparatory cough is about to bogia, when a dissipated fly, who has evidently boon " on the lcose," and dreading a curtain lecture from ; Mrs. Fly . for keeping such lato hours, is now hurrying homo as fast as his unstondy wings cnn carry him, pops straightway into Jack's oxpandod mouth. Jack's mouth closos spasmodically, and with it tho mortal career of tl o unfortunate fly, who is drowned, not liko " Maudlin Clarence" in Malmsoy, but in " British boor." I Hereupon, an effectual stop being put to, Jack's minstrelsy, ono ol'tho company volunteers asa aubsliloot, and forthwith proceeds, liko a patriotio John Bull, to tour the " Hod, '.White, and Blue" intotattors. Tho evening's entertainment is wound up with tho cruel torture of the " Rosa of Allandale," and tho barbarous murder of tho "Fine Old English Qentloman." ( To be continued.) 