NEW SOUTH WALES. We have files of Sydney papers to the 29th ult., and also the following telegrams of Sydney news contained in the Melbourne papers :— " Sydney, Friday, September 28. " The Xiand Bill has been introduced, and ordered for- second reading next Thursday. Its provisions are the same as introduced last session. " The proprietors of the Umpire were sum moned to give evidence before a Court-martial on Corporal Seville, for publishing a letter in that journal attacking his superior officers. They were peremptorily ordered to produce the manuscript, hut they did not. They were next ordered to give a list of all in their employment at once, so that they might be summoned as witnesses, and wero threatened with an attach ment and committal to Darlinghurst Goal, under the 7lh section of the Mutiny Act, if they refused compliance. To-day's Umpire contains a strong leading article on the subject, and I have siuce heard that the Court has since adjourned sine die, doing nothing. " Two seamen of the Dione quarrelled last night, aqj| one, a Spaniard, stabbed the other, an American, who is not expected to live, being wounded in the lung and cut across the abdomen. " There was no quorum at the Assembly— it could not muster one even, to present the address to the Governor. The address is a mere echo of the speech. " Monday, October 1. " The 6eaman of the American ship Dione, who was stabbed last week, is dead. "It is reported that the Government has received advices to-day of the finding of a nugget 25 lbs. at Eiandra, in second drift. . " The abattoirs in Glebe Island were first in operation to-day. " A large meeting is expected for this evening expressive of sympathy for the Taranald suf ferers. " Tuesday, October 2. "The report of the discoverv of a heavv nugget at Kiandra is not confirmed, although it is still prevalent; but all advices state that the diggers are doing welL "At the Taranaki sympathy meeting the attendance was very good, and the resolutions were adopted unanimously, and a Committee appointed. Mr. Darvall came out with a smart attack on British policy in New Zealand as the proximate cause of these troubles. "Two thousand two hundred chests, 3,400 half-cliests, and 2,500 boxes tea have come in from JToochoofoo." " Wednesday Morning, October 3. "The Prince of Wales Theatre, Holmes's bakery, and the back parts of the adjacent buildings, were destroyed by a fire which broke out in the bakery, about a quarter before 7 this morning.- Clarke, brother of the oystcrman in King-street, was killed by an iron bedstead falling on him, and two men were dangerously hurt. A woman was also injured by leaping out of a window to avoid the fire. At one time it was thought the fire would have ex tended much further, and all parties hi the vicinity began to remove the furniture; but the exertions of the firemen and others, and the setting in of a heavy rain, prevented this. It has now been got thoroughly under. Scarcely anything was saved from the Theatre, and what was got out was greatly damaged. It is un derstood that the Theatre and adjoining pro perties were insnred in the Sydney for £5,000, and in the London and Liverpool for about double that amount; but the loss, it is said, will be scarcely half covered. I hear that two other bodies have just been taken out, and that search is being made for the body of a China man, supposed to be killed in the rush. " Wednesday Evening. " It turns out that there were but two kSled at the fire—a brother and a servant of Clarke —by the falling of the theatre wall, but several others were more or leas injured. The China man turns out to have been absent. Stephens has lost the whole of his theatrical wardrobe but one dress. Miss Jones has not lost much, although the contrary is reported. Eayner has lost his wardrobe also, but his position as the lessee of the only remaining theatre (the Victoria) will indemnify him. "Mr. Weekes has stated in the Assembly that negotiations with the Victorian Govern ment as to collecting duties on the Murray have led to no satisfactory result. " Mr. Lucas has obtained leave to introduce a Bill to regulate Chinese immigration, by a majority of 26 to 16. The principal ground of opposition was that this ought to have been a Government measure. " A motion by Mr. Deniehy, for a pre liminary step to procure a grant from the Legis lative Assembly for a free public library, has been negatived by 17 to 12. " The foundation-stone of a new Bible-hall has been laid by the Governor- General." Kiandba.—The AUmry Banner of Satur day, 29th September, gives this as the latest from Kiandra:—"Ferguson's coach arrived yesterday morning, bringing anything but satisfactory news. A doctor and two Adelaide miners who have given the place a fair trial, state that the greatest distress prevails, and the result in the case of the two latter, after four months' hard and persevering labour is as follows:—One realized 5s. and the other 20s. From all we can hear we can only conclude that Kiandra can never be what is known as a 'poor man's diggings,' and only those with capital have the ghost of a chance of succeeding there." The Parliament.—Parliament has been reopened, but the information which has as yet been made public relative to the probable work of the session is very hazy. The opening speech had all the meagreness which usually characterizes such documents. Its substance may be briefly stated. The state of the revenue and the general prospects of the colony were said to be encouraging. The arrangement by which Melbourne had been male the terminus of the steam postal service by way of Galle had been protested against by the colonial Government as inequitable to New South Wales, and had been at once abandoned. A Bill was soon to be submitted for guarantee ing a moiety of the eost of steam postal service i via Panama. The colonists had been appealed J to, and had displayed prompt loyalty in volun- i teering for military service. The Government ; had sent to Europe for some heavy ordnance, ! as well as for a supply of the best descrip tion of small arms, anticipating the consent of Parliament. It had been proposed to take the next census throughout the whole of the British dominions on the same day. The increased production of gold has rendered necessary in creased facilities for commnnicating with the gold-fields, as well as some amendment in the law for regulating the management of thiB branch of industry, and in werks of the former kind considerable progress has already been made. Surveys had been made, and estimates were to be laid before Parliament of the cost of extending railways to Goulburn, Bathurst, and Muswellbrook, but these works were likely to be'more expensive than had been anticipated. Considerable progress had been made in the construction of telegraph lines, which has been a successful enterprise, and it is consequently proposed to extend these lines. The Govern ment had completed arrangements for removing the slaughterhouses, &c;, to Glebe Island, and had under consideration a systematic improve ment of harbours and rivers. Bills for amend ing tbe Constitution of the Upper House, and for regulating the alienation and occupation of Crown lands, were shortly to be laid before Parliament, as well as the estimates of expen diture, and Parliament would be invited to review the present system of taxation, with a view to a more equitable division of public burdens among the different classes of the 1 community.—Herald. Federation.—In the Legislative Assembly, on September 28, Dr. Lang said, " that as he had found that it was not regular to move the reappointment of a Committee of a former ses sion, he now begged to amend his notice of motion, and to move—' That a Select Commit tee be appointed to consider the subject of Australian federation; and that such Com mittee consist of Mr. Windcyer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Partes, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Black, Mr. Robert son, Mr. J. Campbell, Mr. Darvall, Mr. Morris, and the mover.' This was the same Com mittee that had been appointed last session, with the exception of Mr. Jones, for whom Mr. Morris had been substituted. There was one question of transcendant importance that re quired immediate attention, and that was the present state of things as they existed in the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, on either side of the Murray. Such a state of circumstances had been shown to exist that it became a matter of importance to enquire whether there might not be introduced some such a system as that which obtained on the frontiers of German States. The Committe had been appointed at so late a period of last session, that it had not been fonnd practicable to come to any definite conclusion on this point. The motion was put and carried." Shipping- News.—The Gemini, twin boat, 60 tons, 25 horse-power, Captain Charles Stil ton, accompanied by the barge Goolwa, entered the Murrumbidgee on the 25th ultimo. She brings about 45 tons of cargo, consisting of 12 tons flour, 2 tons sugar, 1£ ton soap, 20 chests tea, and the remainder general merchandise. The Gemini had on board a large quantity of apples, which were sold by the box at the rate of one shilling per pound. This boat was at Lang's Crossing-place yesterday, where she is discharging cargo. The Albury, Capt. Barber, passed down the river this week. She had as cargo 16 bales of wool, being the first portion of this year's clip. The Albury only goes down to the junction of the Darling, where she will take on board loading for this part of the river. She has been as high as Wagga Wagga this voyage. A good market for a considerable amount of merchandise was found at that township. Sheaeing.—This annual work has now commenced in several spots, and in the course of a fortnight all the sheds will be at work. Although the number of sheep to be shorn is more than it was last year, yet, as there is no lack of men at present, it is probable that shear ing here-will be concluded at an unusually earl; period. The Biters.—The Murrumbidgee has fallen to about half-bank high, but is again on the rise, and the present rains will, no doubt, again cause it to flood the country. The Lachlan has come down very high, and the whole of the flat country contiguous to the river has again, for the third or fourth time this season, been completely inundated. COM3TERCIAX,. The Herald of the 29th says :— Business daring the week has been rather quiet, and the complaints respecting the roads are still prevalent, and prevent orders for the country from being executed. There has been no marked change in any of our markets, and the desire to speculate, for tbe present at least, is in aberance. flour.—The market is firmer, notwithstanding we have had two arrivals this week; bat tbeir cargoes are small. Sales of Adelaide flour have been made at £19 per ton, and holders are naw rather unwilling to accept this price. The millers have advanced tbeir quotations £1 per ton; they now qaote floe flour at £21 per ton, and seconds £18 per ton. Wheat is nominally the same as last week; Adelaide is worth about 9s. bcr bushel. 