THE NEW EDUCATIONAL CONTRO VERSY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE OBSERVES. Sir—I have read your two articles on " The Educational Controversy." I beg leave to make a few remarks on them. I shall en deavour to be as brief as possible, and to keep steadily in view the real grievauce of which the Catholics of this province complain, and of which they seek redress. You will agree with me that the object of your two leading articles was to show that no { grievance exists—that, in fact, we have nothing to complain of. Let us see. The marginal description of the 1st clause of the Education Act declares that " religious equality is secured." Now, if it can be proved that the " tenets" of the Catholic Church are disturbed by the operations of the present public schools, it will necessarily follow that the 1st clause of the Education Aet is violated our regard—that the Catholics have grievance, and that under the shadow of law they are wronged. Our Church teaches that no version of the sacred Scriptures unauthorized by her may he had or read by her children; but such aver-., siou is every day read in more than 96 per cent.: of the public schools of this province, sup-; posed to be attended by Catholic children, and for the support of which their parents certainly have to pay. Is this no grievance ? Is this no wrong ? You say that the regulations of the schools allow children to be absent at such times as the Scriptures are being read, if such be the wish of the parents. To this I answer, firstly, that this addition i1 to the school regulations is not many months I old, and that for years a contrary rule was en-' forced; secondly, I answer by asking why should the working of the schools be such as to ■ compel Catholic children to absent themselves, on conscientious grounds, even for one mo merit ? To be compelled to absent oneself under such circumstances were to be brauded with a mark of inferiority amongst one's equals. Is this civil and religious liberty ? You acknowledge that the public schools satisfy our Protestant fellow- colonists of all denominations, whilst we Catholics have over and over again declared that we caunot with a safe conscience use them. Why is this the case ? Because the schools in their operations are sufficiently Protestant for Protestant con science, whilst Catholic conscience must reject them for that very reason, though both parties must equally pay for their support. And, Sir, I ask, is this fair ? is this equality ? It is a sorry consolation to be told that the Douay version may be used in the public schools by the teacher who prefers it, wben more than 96 per cent, of the teachers profess the Protestant religion. Even were the Douay version used iu every school, Catholics must still complain, since the manner of using it, would be Protestant and anti Catholic, namely,' by private interpretation. You say we shall n-ver obtain, such schools as will satisfy us Catholics, whilst we must continue to support schools of which we can not conscientiously make any use. Well, at least we shall try, and confiding in the justice of our cause we shall try so perseveringly, that even though we Eventually fail in obtaining our just rights, it shall never be said that we sub mitted to a wrong in silence. Apologizing for the length of this. I am, Sir, &s.;, JOHN SMYTH, C.C. . " [From the Register TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—Having been enquired of as to the cor rectness or otherwise of the statement con tained in the sixth paragraph of the Bev. Mr. Smyth's letter, inserted in your Tuesday's issue, that the addition of the words " Chil dren whose parents request it are allowed to be absent during the Scripture reading" to the eighth regulation under which teachers in con nection with the Board of Education hold their licences " is not many months old, and that for years a contrary rule was enforced," I beg permission simply to say that the words in question were not inserted in the Board's regu lations till the beginning of the present year; but, at the same time, it has been a virtual though an unwritten regulation from the com mencement of the Board's operations in 1852 that such absence of children during Scripture reading should be allowed when desired by their parents, as also that the Douay version of the Scriptures might be used instead of the common version in any of the schools when preferred by the teacher or requested by the parents of the children. The Chief Inspector of Schools can fully cor roborate this, himseif having given directions as above to teachers in numerous instances. I am, Sir, &«., E1)W. W. WICKES. Education Offices, Oct.. 4,1860. TO THE EDITOR Otf TUS REGISTER. Sir—In reading oyer your leader of Monday, under the heading. "The New Educational Controversy," I was reminded of the story of the woodman, who was so busily engaged in lopping off the branches of a tree that he un consciously laid the axe to the very one on which he was supporting himself, You say, in reference to the Bishop's petition, " indeed I there is so little ambiguity about its language that it is scarcely possible to misunderstand its meaning on an attentive perusal," yet you have misunderstood its meaning so far as to make it assert positively as his opinion of the system of education itself, what is meant to apply to the intention of the Legislature in framing the Act, as is declared in one of its clauses in the very words used by the Bishop. He does not state as his convic tion that the educational system is really a system of religious equality towards the Catholic as well as the Protestant. How can that be, even in its aim, a system of equality which, while it affords the Protestant child everything in the way of religious instruction that his religion and conscience need, not only denies all these advantages to the Catholic child, but even compels him to a practice con demned by both-? You will perhaps reply, the Catholic child can retire during the read ing of the Bible in school. Wherefore, and whither ? Is not this inflicting a penalty on his conscience ? Is it not calculated to bring on him the ridicule of his schoolfellows ? Again, you say it is preposterous for Catholics to expect the State to aid them iu supporting separate schools in which their children will not be compelled to adopt practices contrary to their religious tenets " in a community which has so emphatically announced its convictions on the subject of State support to religious teaching"—Catholic religious teaching you mean ? Eor the State does not refuse its favour and support to Protestant religious teaching ; which, indeed, is the kind of religious instruction exclusively pursued in the public schools of this province. lou admit our right to an enjoyment of the benefits of the public grant for religious educa tion, 011 terms of equality with our Protestant brethren; but you will not place us in a posi tion of equality with them in reference to the tenets of our religion and the dictates of our conscience! You do not surely place the man of the broadsword on an equal footing with his antagonist of the lance when you arm them both with spears ? To be a system of perfect equality, towards the Catholic as well as the Protestant, it would have to allow the former a privilege equivalent to that which it confers on the latter in giving him the " one thing need ful"—the Bible. The existing system of State education is under every aspect thoroughly Protestant. It is the enactment of a Protestant Government, the Board presiding over its operations is exclusively Protestant, the Inspectors under the Board are Protestant, nearly all the schools fostered by it are Protestant, and, lastly, the actual system is not only Protestant but prac tically anti-Catholic. Moreover, it is to all intents and purposes a sectarian system; for it is completely adapted to the religious wants of the Protestant section of the Christian community, and it is subversive of the tenets of the Catholic portion of it. It is a blot on the free Constitution of the country that gave birth to universal suffrage. I am, Sir, &c.;, LIBERTY, October 3,1860. TO THE EDITOE OP THE EEGISTEE. , Sir—Our Catholic fellow-subjects object to the present management of the education grant, and insist that the only course they can conscientiously agree to is that a proportion of the amount voted should be placed at the disposal of their Bishop. This they have a perfect right to do. In j this country there is no dominaut religion, and public grants of money for such purposes as religion or education can only be permitted so long as all denominations agree that it should be so. The Episcopalians, Wesleyans, Inde pendents, Presbyterians, Baptists, Bible Christians, Unitarians, Jews, or any other sect or denomination that exists among us, have, of course, an equal right to demand that a proportion of the grant in aid of education should be handed over to their principal men, to be expended by them in training their children in their respective religious tenets. The simple reason why they have not done so is, that they know full well the decision of this country that there shall be no expenditure of public money in aid of religion. We know too well what that system leads to, and have long since resolved to have nothing to do with it. Assistance to secular education is another thing, and that may be continued as long as the different religious bodies agree to receive it, and are willing to supplement it, by supplying religious instruction at their own cost. But the inevitable result of any of the religious bodies objecting to the grant being expended as a whole, and requiring it to be divided among tbem for their denominational purposes, must be, and can only be, the entire withdrawal of State aid to education. In that case the various religions sects into which our population is divided must provide for the education of their children as they now do for the sup port of their religious ordinances. In my private opinion it would be the best way, as it would at once put a stop to all jealousies; and if voluntaryism has proved itself good for other things, why not for education. However, the sole question for the Catholics to consider is, whether the present system is worse or better than no Government grant to education. If they think the former, let them persevere in their objections, and .he abolition of State aid to education will speedily be arrived at. I do not state this as a threat, for personally I am in favour of Government having nothing to do with religion, and I consider educating the young part of the duty of religion; but I state it from a long experience of the people of this country—as a people we love fair play, and we abhor the squabbles of religious sects about then* respective shares of public funds, and to prevent it, we say, none of you shall get a farthing—support yourselves; if your religion is worth anything, it is worth that. How, if the Catholics say—" We cannot conscientiously make any use of the schools supported by public money, and it is unfair that we should have to pay a portion of it," we at ouee admit it is unfair. There remain two alter natives—give every sect a share ; for, of course, if wc give the Catholics, we must in fairness do the same with all the others, or give nothing to any of them; and none but the newest of new ehums could doubt for a moment which will be the alternative chosen. Let what will be said or written on the subjeet, this is the only result. I am, Sir, &c.;, J. S. TO THE EDITOR OR THE REGISTER. j3ir—In the discussion of the educational question, it seems to me that the " denomina tional system" has been set up more as a bugbear than a reality, and tliat the great fact has been overlooked that the Christian com munity consists of but two widely distinct classes, Protestant and Catholic, the former recognising individual, tiie latter requiring authoritative interpretation of the sacred Scriptures. If the Protestant portion are satisfied with the present- system, or, in the language of the Eev. Mr. Smyth, it "satisfies the Protestant conscience,'' while it does not satisfy tbe Catholic, I can see no great diffi culty in apportioning to the latter an equitable share of the Government grant, though if by "denominational education"yon expect that each, or even many of the denominations into which Protestantism is divided would claim their proportion, or that the system would not "satisfy the Protestant conscience," then, I admit, it would be better to abolish the giant altogether, and let each body provide both secular and religiouB teaching for those of its ora Dersuasion. I am, Sir, &c.;, A Lover of Kelioiotts Peace. TO THE EDITOE OF THE BEOISTEB. Sir—In the progress of a discussion on a subject on which there exists a considerable diversity of opinion, and on which men feel strongly, there is some danger of the real-point in question being comparatively lost sight of— a late to which the subject of the present educational controversy seems fast tending. The Soman Catholic prelate complains of the existing Kducational Act as_ being unjust to himself and the members of his communion, and also as being inconsistent with its professed objects to secure perfect religious equality. He therefore determines upon seeking, consti tutionally, a redress of his alleged grievance. Now, has the Bishop just ground of com plaint? Does the Act fail to carry out it» professed principle of religiouB equality ? Bear in mind, that excepting in this parti cular Act, South Australia b«a virtually ignored religion. The State, as such, is not Protestant —is not Christian. It professes to accord equsl privileges to its citizens, regardless of their religious belief. Roman Catholics, Jews, and Protestants (including Unitarians, Sweden borgians, and Mormonites) are equally eligible to election to either House of Parliament. Prayer for the Divine blessing upon their de liberations is unknown in the Legislature. Ours is a non-religious State. It this be admitted, then all its enactments should be cousistent. They should be such as not needlessly to olfend the religious scruples of any portion of the community. Certainly, in an educational system, purporting to be in* tended for the benefit of all, and for whose support all contribute, there should be nothing to preclude any one 'section of religionists availing itself of it. 1 |It is, however, well known that the Soman Catholics conscientiously object to the use of the authorized, or even the Douav version of the Scriptures, apart irom the authorized teaching of their Church. The present Act, however, requires the Scriptures to be read daily in the schools assisted by the State. As regards the simple reading of the Scriptures, therefore, the Soman Catholics have jnst ground of complaint. And ii; as alleged, ex planations and comments are ftarnished by the teachers, contrary to the spirit of the Act itself —whatever may be the latitude allowed by its administrators—the grievance of which they complain is proportionately aggravated, As to the Act itself professing to secure perfect religious equality—if the foregoing remarks be correct, that question has been already disposed " of. It does no such thing; nor, for anything that appears, was it ever intended to do it. The case of the Roman Catholics could scarcely have been seriously contemplated by the parties who passed the Act; otherwise it would be difficult to acquit them of intended insnlt to that respectable portion of the community. For my part, I believe it was intended for the exclusive advantage of Protestants. The ab surdity of its professed principle of religious equality is sufficiently shown by the fact of its being based on the Christian religion, thereby excluding our respectable fellow-citizens, the Jews. Could it, however, be shown that the Act was intended to meet the case of the Boman Catholics, yet if these, through their Bishop, declare that they cannot accept it— cannot conscientiously avail themselves of it, in consequence of its obnoxious religious imposi tions—they are surely fully justified in seeking its modification. To form a right judgment of their objections we have but to put the case conversely. Sap pose the Roman Catholics were seven-eighths of the population, and that they had succeeded in passing an Educational Act, professing to aim at securing religious equality, and yet requiring the authorized teaching of the Romish Church, would the one-eighth of ProtestantB have no just ground of complaint? The feet is, the Act in question, in its religious aspect, is one among several other glaring anomalies in our legal code, utterly inconsistent with our much lauded civil and religions freedom and equality. Some have ventured confidently to predict that the demand of the Roman CatholiCB, if persisted in, will result either in the discon tinuance of the grant in aid, or in the esta blishment of a system of purely secular educa tion, from which the Bible and religious teach ing shall be rigidly excluded. But is either alternative absolutely inevitable ? Though not authorized to vaticinate, I may, without incur ring the charge of presumption, I trust, ven ture to indicate other possible issues to the present controversy. Most persons who have given attention to the existing Educational Act, and watched its operation, are convinced that it is capable of much improvement. Besides the one above indicated it has several serious faults. So doubt the difficulty of successfully grappling with the subject of education in our peculiar circumstances lias alone deterred the Ministrv and other 'members of the Legislature from initiating any change in the present system. So long as the several religious bodies or the community at large submitted to it quietly our rulers and lawmakers were glad of an excuse for not meddling with it. Now, however, the case is altered. The question is forced upon their attention, and they will be constrained by a sense of duty to reeonsider it. Assuming, then, the continuance of State aid to education, this might be given on tlie denominational principle, which, notwith standing the prejudices of the few, before whose minds its bare intimation may possibly conjure up the ghost of the dread departed, would aiford, I believe, in its operation the most general satisfaction. Or aid might he distributed on the nou-interfering- with-religion principle, assisting exclusively secular learning, leaving the religious instruction to the founders, trustees, local supporters, aud teachers of the respective schools. This course would cer tainly be more consistent for the Legislature to adopt. Sight or wrong, the State has refused aid to religion, as it is called, as regards the clergyman ; to be consistent, it should pursue the same course with respect to the school teacher. This principle of non-interference by the State with religion, if it failed fully to satisfy our Itomau Catholic fellow-oitizens, would in my judgment remove the chief ground of their complaint; while it would, I am per suaded, secure for the pupils a far larger amount of moral and religious teaching and training than what is or can be given under the present system. Apologizing for trespassing so &r1ipon; your valuable snace. I am. Sir, &c.;, PRESBUTEROS. 