' SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1860. f In the Legislative Council, yesterday, the Speaker, the Chief Secretary, and other mem- bers of the Assombly being present at the bar, His Excellency the GOVERNOR gave the Royal assent to the following bills :-The Murray River Railway and Geelong and Ballarat Railway Acts Amendment Bill, the Law of Registration Amend- ment Bill, the Armed Vessels Regulation Bill, an Act to Incorporate the Board of Land and Works, and for the Purchase of the Goolong and Melbourne Railway, and two private bills. The House then went into committee on the Crown Lands Sales Bill. On the 12th clause, on the motion of Mr. Fawkner (adopting a suggestion by Mr. A'Bockett), "one mile" was substituted for " half a mile," as the line of separation between land already sold and land to be sold under tho bill as " country land." Mr. BENNETT proposed to omit the part of the clause giving the Governor in Council power to declare lands special. The motion was negatived, after Borne discus- sion ; and a suggestion by Mr. Fellows wag adopted, giving power to the Governor in Council to declare lands special, whether survoyod or un surveyed. i The clause was then agreed to, Mr. Fawkner's amendment that one-fourth of all land Burvoyod should be considered special being left over for future consideration. The 18th clauso was then taken up, Mr. MITCHELL suggested a now clause, em- powering three persons, membors of tho Board of Agriculture and others, to act as judges for the purpose of inspecting lands surveyed, and valu- ing them-all lands so valued as worth moro than £1 an acre to bo then declared " special " under the bill. After considerable discussion, the new clause was ordered to bo printed. Mr. FAWKNER moved, that tho deposit should be £1 per acre, instead of £1 for every four acics. Considerable discussion was raised on thUques Hi on, and very conflicting vioUs were expressed* tbo mind of tho Council not seeming to bj [ made up on the point of selection at a unif ora 1 [trico, or of sale by auction, or ol selection on valuation. Mr. BENNETT opposed tho clause altogether, wing in favour of salo by valuation. Mr. ROBERTSON was opposed to a fixed price »f. £1 per aero, and was in favour of valuation. Tho clause was thou agreed to as amended. Clauses 20, 21, and 22 were agreed to, and at ¡lause 23, Mr. Follows proposing that limited motion should be substituted for lot, progress tas roported, and tho House adjourned -till fuosday. ' In tho Legislativo Assembly, In answer to Mr. Ebden, Mr. PYKE stated that communications had aken placo with the Now South Wales Govern. nent on tho subject of the Customs officers they >ad established on the Murray. Tho act was a 'iolation of an agroeinont between tho two }overnments. In answer to Mr. Loader, who askod what b.c. Government proposed to do in tho ovent if tho gold duty being abolished in New South Vales, Mr. NICHOLSON stated, that when tho budget or noxt year was in preparation the subject o£ ho gold duty would bo taken into consideration, nth a view to tako action on it if tho duty were bolished by the Now South Wales Government. Mr. EBDEN reminded the Houso that the bolition of tho gold duty by Now South Wal03 rould bo a violation of tho arrangement by chich tho Sydney sovereign was made a logal ondor in this colony. In answer to Mr. Prendergast, Mr. M'OrjLLOOH said tho route of the Mary lorough gold escort had, been changed ia consc- ience of tho state of the road to Maldon. Mr. HOOD, without notico, asked whether tho lecretary of the Railway Department had been lismissed, or censured, or threatened with dls nissal ; and if so, why ? Mr. SERVICE said ho was not in a position o nnswor the questions. Mr. LOADER, seeing the position in whioh tho jáñd Bill was placed, and the feeling of the Ministry and many members of tho Ho uso on tho lubject, withdrew his resolutions on the subjoot if immigration until after the settlement of tho jiuid question. In doing so, he stated that all ho inquiries he had mado convinced him that on .ourngement of immigration was necessary. From tatistics in the Publio Library, ho found that rom 1852 to 1858, inclusive, 80,525 persons had icon assisted to como to this colony, at a cost of £1,228,604. Thoy had contributed to tho roveauo £3,820,446, and hud givon circulation to capital o tito amount of £36,301,100. In answer to Mr. Brodie, Mr, NICHOLSON said tho Government would ¡ivo precedence over other business to tho Gold iclds Act Amendment Bill on Tuesday noxt. Mr. HOOD called attention to the report of tho Select Committee upon the Railway Department, ihich, ho stated, showed that the departinoat vas most extravagantly managed. Ho found hat the cost of the management up to tho ond if 1859 was 13A per cont. of the total oxpondi uro, while in other similar undertakings it was io moro than 2h per cent. Plans of locomotivos ?nd bridges had been sent home which wore íselcss. On tho Saltwater Bridge alono thoro md been a loss of £4,000, occasioned by tho mia nanngcraent of the office It was provod that ight or ton draftsmen had been employod for ix months on tho drawings of the foundations of ho workshops of'tho Goolong Railway, whioh, it ina shown in evidence, ono man could havo pre mrcd in a month. The staff, in short, for 150 nilcs of railway, was more numerous than those .ombincd which Mr. Stephenson and Mr. Brunel md in 1845-0 for the working of the ontiro Great Northern and Great Western lines. The loco uotivo department in 1859 cost about £7,000 per nile per annum ; while in England the cost was ibout £600. He moved that the report bo adopted, ihout ¡tow. ile moved that the report bo adopted, ,nd the Government requested to follow up the uquiry. Mr. FltANOlS would not oppose the report, but f ho had been a mombor of the committoo ho «mid havo endeavoured to modify its torras, loeing it was launched at a time whon the Sovernment wore engageai in certain changos in ho department. It was the intention of tho iovernraont to follow up tho inquiry. Ho had uno to tho conclusion, before he had boon ¡4 hours in office, that the department was ixtravagantly managed, and he had since been ;iving as much attention to the subjoct as possible. The present head of the Engineering Department was also impressed with the im- portance of the subject, and as soon as the nspection of tho lines on which ho was now on aged was over, he would, in conjunction with himself (Mr. Francis), go thoroughly into tho subject. Mr. BRODIE romarkod that it was in evi- dence from thoj head of the department himsolf that no plans for locomotives were sent home. [The conduisions to which the mover of tho motion Wished to pledge the House wore extravagant, Und not borne out by the facts. Ho wished tho pountry to know that tho tender of Mr. Holmes ¡lmoimted to half-a-million moro than that of Mesura. Cornish and Bruce. The expenso of management, if fairly calculated, would bo found lot to exceed 5 per cent., whilo the estimate of Mr. Merritt was, that tho reasonable cost, seeing t nasa Governmental department, might bo takon it 0 to 7 per cent. Mr. WOODS supported the report, and urged ,liat unless the greatest caro was taken tho line lould require to bo subsidized to pay its working >.pensos. Ho had every confidence that the icad of the dopartmont, after the decidod stop le had takon, would carry out the inquiry, Mr. LALOR said tho dobate as an attaok on a entlemau not now in tho public servico, and tfter the statement of tho Government ho saw io good purpose that would be served by con inuing tho discussion. Mr. IJuALES expressed his astonishment that lertain gentlemen were ready to defend tho de- partment even when the head of it did not think it within his power to do so. Ho hoped the report would not bo accoptod without full discus- sion. It was moro important than at first sight Appeared, and he could stato that a vigilance was being exercised at present that would bring this subject again before the House, unloss the Go- vernment were found fullv to discharge the dutv crnment were found fully to discharge the duty j entrusted to them in continuing this inquiry. It, was indisputable that tho system was a grossly extravagant one, and must bo broken down, Mr. SINCLAIR defended the engincer-in-ohiof i tnd the department. The whole of tho Govern- I lent departments required looking after. Mr. BAILEY oxplainod the intentions of the Government. They had tho fullest confldonbo n tho gentleman now at tho head of the dopart raent, and his instructions were to suggest such Improvements as woro necessary, with this report beforo him. It was considered undesirable that ! io should bo hampered by tho action of any cow nittco or direct supervision. Ho suggestod an »Iteration in the terms of the report, to make it ipply to tho engineer's department, and not to ;he subordinate officers, and reminded tho Houso that the works had boon sanctioned by a previous Parliament. Mr. HOOD accepted tho amendment. After a fow words from Mr. Don, the motion, |u amended, was agreed to. Mr. HEAX.ES brought up the report from tho {select committee on Barnard, and moved that it bo taken into consideration on Thursday |next, Tbo motion was agreed to. Mr. HOOD called attention to the ombankmont of the Yarra below Prince's Bridge. The cul- I verts on the south sido were being blooked up,- j a proceeding from which he anticipated much ; injury would arise in the lower ports of tho city j klurisg floods. He moved that the works be sus ?pended until a proper survey took place. Mr. ERANGIS laid on tho table of the Houso t, j plan of the work, certified by Captain Pasloy. He . also road a roport on the subject, which hhowod that tlio embankment would save tin Sandridge-road in ordinary floods, but not in ex- traordinary floods. The embankment was 1 foot G inches bolow the opposite embankment, and the water would How 4 feet 4 inches deep over the St. Kilda-road before it could affect the northern bank. The motion was thon withdrawn. \- Tho House was counted out at 10 minutes pa?t 9 o'clock. Among the delusions which seem t > have tlio strongest attraction for our Eastern Market gentry, is, that tho squatters, and the squatters alone, are chargeable with the obstruction of the Land Bill. Next to abuse of Tin Argus, an allusion to the squatters is the best trick in the popular charlatan's repertory. It is a never-failing souroo of enthusiasm-a peronnial spring of roars and groans. Whon every othor grievance is dull, this always re- mains, tD holp out our stump orators. It is tho caput lupinum of our Victorian democraoy-this ghosi of a terror, whioh The Argus itself has laid for ever. Wo neither expect nor desire any gratitude for the service, but it may be as well, onoe for all, to remind our blatant demagogues, who have now the irapudonce to speak of us as the " squatters' journal," of some littlo pas- sages in our Victorian history of whioh we at least have no reason to be ashamed. We might ask when and how the squatting system ceased to be a closa monopoly? who first raised the cry of " unlook the lands ?' '-and who effectually broke the nock of what was once a vile, intolerable tyranny ? The retrospect would carry us to a period oven befon tho opening of Mr. LOADER'S back parlour-when the Convention was yet unconoeived, and its leaders either not hero, or in the callowest state of now-ohummydom j when Mr. Durrr was writing small treasons in a Dublin newspaper, and Mr. GRAY was shedding his light some- j where in the far American West ; when Mr. BARTON had mounted no stump higher than his office-stool; and Mr. DON had not learnt the distinction be- tween a kangaroo and a wallaby-that crucial test of Victorian intelligence, according to Mr. DON. In these, the evil days of the " popular party," whon squattism was at its utmost height, and there was really a large amount of injus- tice and oppression to which the in lus trious working-men of Victoria were sub- ject, I'he Argus was almost alone in the battle which it waged with the squatters and the famous Orders in Council. That battle is now over ; and it is absurd to say that the squatting system any longer oxists so as to bo a source of injury to the working-man, or au impe- diment to the settlement of the country. The position of the combatants is totally reversed: it is the squatters who are now in the dust,and the "popularparty" who are tho haughty and narrow monopolists. And wo perceive in their triumph tho usual result of all such victories. Among those most eager to share in the spoils are thoso whom we could not reoog nisc in the heat and burden of the battle. Those who fought for truth and justice only, havo reaped their usual reward. They havo been denounced as half- hearted ia the cause, and even as secret allies of the beaten enemy. In their plenitude of arrogance, the present leaders of the democracy,not contentwith redressing what was, after all, only an accidental inequality of conditions, whioh it was quite as natural for the squatters to uphold as their opponents to attack, are determined oven to ex- terminate the squatting system-to re- volutionize our whole scheine of pas- toral tenure ;-and for what ?-only that it maybe revived in another shape, and in another interest. This, and nothing else, is the moaning of the 67 th clause of the pending Laud Hill, as amended by Mr. SNODGRASS. AVhilo, in its original form, intended t) provide for a want-tho necessity of whioh is universally conceded-namely, commonage for agriculturists, the clause, by tho addition of the words " asnear ai " practicable thereto," virtually conveys a power to any Government to upset thi whole of the present squatting tenures. A principle so monstrous, and so utterly at variance with the stated object of ths bill, as a measure to provide for " the " sale of Grown lands," has naturally excited the strongest opposition among all who have any stake in the good faith and stability of this colony. And no- thing can bo more unjust or moro absurd than to allege that this is a point affcot ing the squatters' interests alone. To any one who has fairly studied the effect of this base and underhand dodge of the " popular party," it will be evi- dent that, while intended to injure their old enemies, the squatters, the clause, as it now stands, will really serve overy purpose of those squat- ters who enjoy the double odium of being also large speculators. To a gen- tleman of Mr. W. J. T. CLARKE'S ambi- tious views, what can be fairer than the prospeot which Clause 67 opens ? For every aoro whioh Mr. CLARKE holds of purchased land in any district, ho will, if the clause becomes law, enjoy tin right of obtaining three acres of common- age, " as near as practicable" to his free- hold. Has Mr. DON takon the trouble to calculate how much this would add to the wealth and tho influence of one of his detested nristoorats ? Of this he may be assured, that neither Mr. CLARKE, nor any gentleman in his posi- tion-that is, a squatter possessed of large freeholds-will make any violent objection to Clause 67. Tho only opposing parties to it will be the smaller and the intermediate occupiers of pastoral lands, who will bo liable at any moment to be turned out of thoir runs, in order that others may come in. And what will bo the result of this verv nrn what will bo the result of this very pre- cious piece of legislation, unless it is to depreoiato the whole pastoral property in the colony ? How will the working man bo benefited, or tho agriculturist assisted in his calling ? In place of ona set of squatters, we shall have anothor. Thoso who are already largo holders of land will become still larger. Is this what the Convention desires ? The petty device by which this olau« has-been made a part of a bill, profess irig to legislate»' only for ~the sale of public lands, ought to opon the eyes of tho public to the policy1 pursued by the Convention, throughout this ques- tion, We cannot entertain a doubt but that that polioy will be rejected by the people of Victoria, without referonoe to the quarrel between squatters and anti squatters. There is, indeed, no question of squatting belonging to this bill; and it is supremely ridiculous to charge all its opponents with being squatters, or friends of squatters. As a class, we be- lieve that the squatters are only too anxious that the question should bs settled without delay, and it does not appear from the conduct of their parti zans in either House that thoy havo any desire to oppose a settlement that shall be fair and liberal for all parties. The real obstructives on this occasion are the members of the Corner and their dupes of the Eastern Market-tho gen- tlemen with a faith so verdant and lively as to believe that The Argus is a subsidized agont of the squattors i li at it even seeks, what they themselves do, a subsidy from the House-that it lives only to malign Mr. WOODS, and destroy the once promising business of Mr. BARTON. The New South Wales Government have taken the unexpected and most illiberal course of establishing Custom- houses on the Murray. By the notifica- tion which wo published on Monday, it is intimated that two officers of Customs have been appointed ; that directions have been given to establish Custom- houses at Albury and Moama, on that liver, for the collection of duties on goods taken into New South Wales from Victoria ; and it is also notified that all dutiable goods from Victoria found on the New South Wales ddo, on whioh duty has not been paid, will be seized and forfeited, and persons in whoso pos- session such goods may be found, will b3 prosecuted for recovery of the penalties incurred under the circumstances. The course adopted by the New South "Wales Government is remarkable, not morely on account of its illiberality, but ohiefiy because they made a trial of the Custom-house system some years ago, when it proved a failure, and thoy wore forced to abandon their scheme. Among the Parliamentary papers of the year 1856, we find copies of correspondence which took place in that year re- lativo to the trade on the Murray, be- tween the Governments of Great Britain, Now South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, and which resulted in an arrangement for establishing free trade on the Murray. On the 19th of De- cember, 1856, Mr. CHILDERS, on behalf of the Victorian Government, movod in Parliament resolutions, which were car- ried, to the offect that from and after the 1st of March, 1857, the oxisting ar- rangements with reference to trade across the Murray should cease and de- termine, and that arrangements should be made with the Government of New South Walos " for a free trade " across the River Murray." From the statement made by Mr. CHILDERS on that occasion, wo learn that in the end of 1855 the Government of New South Wales had thought fit to establish a Custom-house at Albury, to coUect a duty they had imposed on goods passing the Murray from Victoria. The Vic- torians then imposed a duty on goods coming from New South Wales. The New South Wales authorities, as a farther retaliation, placed a Custom- house at Maiden's Punt. The Customs ofttcer there seized a large quantity of goods that had been taken across the irontier, and also made a claim for he did not seize. " The ex he did not seize. " The ex " pocted result," Mr. CHILDERS re- marked, " immediately happened. There " arose a great oxoitement among the " Melbourne merchants, and Albury and " Beechworth became exasperated at " boing deprived of their usual sources " of supply." At that time the Government of New South Wales speedily saw the folly of their proceedings. The Government of Victoria proposed a fresh arrangement, which was acceded to, and undor that arrangement no restriction has oxisted since September, 1855. This course \> as warmly ajiproved of by the British Government. On the 21st of March, 1856, Mr. LABOUCHERE communicated to Sir CHARLES IIOTHAM a letter from Sir J. EMERSON TENNENT, Secretary to the Board of Trade, in whioh the latter acknowledges receipt of despatches from the New South Wales Government in reference to the abolition of duties on the Murray. Sir E. TENNENT'S romarks at the present moment are especially worthy of attention, and aro as fol- low: " Tho subject of thoso papers is ono whioh has on former occasions occupied the attontion of this ¡Board, as it has boon felt that great inconvenience would necessarily ariso in tho progress of those colonies from tho maintenance of a line of in- ternal Custom-housos between thoir rospootivo territories ; but that so long as thoir tariffs im- posed different ratCB of duty upon imports, it Viould be impossible to permit an uninterrupted intercourse across their frontiers. It is tliorofore with sincere satisfaction that my Lords porceive that the Governments of these possessions hare become convinced of the expediency of remedy- ing the existing systom, and that tho stops whioh they havo taken for this purpose aro completely in accordance with tho views of this Board." in accordance with tho VÍOWB of this Board." From tho documents before us thora can be no doubt that there was a mutual arrangement between the two ] Governments establishing free trade across the Murray, and therefore the I proceeding of the Now South Wales | Government to seize dutiablo goods would be doubly iniquitous. It is clear that the course adopted by New South Wales is entirely prompted by Sydney influence, and would bo most ! injurious to the interests of the inhabi- tants in the western districts of that colony. For these districts, Melbourne, being hundreds of miles nearer than Sydney, is tho natural emporium; the goods the Government propose to seize havo already paid duty in Victoria, and they would compel the holders to pay a double duty._ Tho objeot of the Sydney authorities is to realize the full benefit j of the import duties on goods passing the Murray ; but they forget that there aro two ways of orossing the Murray and that a vory largo traffio takes plane in goods and proporty from Now South Wales into Victoria. Wo have already pointed out that ia 1855, when they made asimilar, attempt ] io establish Custom-houses on tUlJ Murray, the New South Wales Govern- ment were immediately checkmated hy- the Victorian Government establishing Custom- houses on thoir side. At that lime the movement on the part of New South Wales was peouliarly impolit'13 for, in oonsequenco of the frightful st ita rf tho roads in Viotoria, the trade wii from Sydney to Beechworth rather than from Melbourne to Albury. Doubtless the main reason for the present pro- ceeding is the chango in the course of trade, the balance of which is now cn tirely against Sydney. But thero are other goods besides morehandiz'o comim* frcm Nm South Wales. The stock" owners of Victoria havolong'complainod that while they pay very múoh heavier assessments than thoso of New South Wales, the stook of New South Wale3 should be permitted to pass free ovar Ihe Murray, and ruin thoir market. It i-ä a direct premium for the invest- ment of capital beyond our boundary. Should it be necessary to retaliat» the most legitimate and effectua process would bo to impose a duty on cattle and sheep orossing the Murray from Now South Wales. This would have a double effect, for in all probabi- lity it would give a strong impetus to the movement in the Murrumbidgee arid othor districts for separation from New South Wales, the Government of which are so palpably saorifioing thoir .interests to those of the eastern sea- board. Thoro is, however, no desire in this colony further to dismember our neigh- bour's territory. Our only object is to defend ourselves from an act of grosi injustice^ We trust that on this ground the question will bo energetically takon np by our Chamber of Commerce and the mercantile community generally. 13y a vigorous course of action wo feel .insured that they would not only repel tho present attack upon the rights con- ceded to them, and tho true interosts of reded to them, and the true interests of both colonies, but mako an important . advance towards the establishment of intercolonial freo trade in Australia, an object to which oven our Protec- tionists can scarcely havo an objection. The aflking of the Royal rissent to somo half dozen bill», yesterday, was the occasion of a Hub display in the Legislativo Council Chamber. His B>ccllenoy, attended by Major-General Pratt, dipt. Bancroft, and three officers of the 40th R' giment, arrived with his usual punctuality shortly after tho President had talton his seat. A guard of honour, consisting of a company of tho 40th, and the regimental band wore drawn up in frontofthe TIouso. The lattor struok up as Sir H3iiry Jiarkly approached, and, after a short delay, the Governor, in full Windsor uniform, ncooni .piinicd as wo havo mentioned, entered tho chamber. The Commons were sunimonel without delay, and obeyed the vice-rogal invitation right loyally, headod by the Speaker, in his state robes. Immediately behind Dr. Murphy, who, as is usual, took his seat juit inside tho bar, wore arrayed nearly all the mem- bers of the Ministry, whilo the gallery on oac'i hide was tenanted by a largo number of lion, members. A few ladies looked on from the i-idcs at tho pageant, which lasted in all e\w\'y 10 minutes. As soon as Ilia Excellency and tuito had bowed thomselves out, the Council re- turned its usual dulnoss, by proceeding to bus! ncps. The Band of tho 40th Regiment will play at the Botanic Gardens, this afternoon, from 'A till 5 o'clock p.m., tho following programme : - Otorturo -Martha .Flotow. Selection-ElUir d'Amoro .. .. Donizottl. Waltz-Tho Klvulot .Godfroy. Concorto- Cornopean Obllgato .. Mullor. (¿uadrillo-Dinorah .Milliner. 1 olka-Mazurka.Billoaii. Ottliip-Mllltairo.Van Mu ion. , There is to be a rogatta this afternoon at Sundridgo, the flag-Bhip, tho Melbourno, bail» moored off tho Railway Pier. In all six races oro advertised-two for four-oared boats, and twj for scullers. A prize is also given for sailiuj skins. A novelty to these waters is introduced, in tho shapo of a race for what aro termed White- hall boats, to bo pulled by two mon, with tw> pairs of sculls, no coxswain being allowed. It ii announced that a competent committee has baan appointed, as well as that tho regatta is tin li. distinguished patronage. The Melbourne and Church of England Gram- mar School Clubs play a match at foot-ball this afternoon, on the Melbourne ground. A match at foot-ball will be played to-day, between the Richmond and St. Kilda Clubs on between the Richmond and St. Kilda Clubs, on the Richmond ground. The sides (20 on each) will be chosen from tho following lists :-St. Kilda-J. C. Tyler, S. Harley, J. Anderson, J. Watson, H. Watson, Alsop, Down, Courtney, Nunn, Hardcastle, Fraser, Ireland, Macallum, Macdougall, Scott, Fowler, E. Harley, Stephen, Hart, Tulk, Heath, Pittmnn, and Pitt. Rich- mond-Harrison, Bruce, Busevi, Hope, Nichols, Shoosmith, Kerchevall, Shiels, Amsinck, Petrie, Marshall, Jacomb, Gilbert, Runnegar, Huddle- ston, Clarke, Mortimer, Russell, Goodlet, Ham- mersley, Hickling, and Hurrey. " Church in the Catacombs" was the subject oE uninteresting and instructive lecture delivored in connoxion with the Brighton Mechanics' In- stituto on Thursday evening, tlio 7th inst., by tho Itov. J, Taylor, of Melbourno. At its clo30 tlio chairman remarked that the committee in- tended to secure, if possible, a portion of tin Looks about to be lent by tho Melbourno Public Library for tiie benefit of tlio inhabitants of JJiighton, who, it was hoped, would rendor their uid to so dcsirablo nu object. A vote of thank) uns given to the lecturer, and also to E. C. IVfnt unhury, Esq , J.P., who occupied the chair. The Dramatic Society of Emerald Hill R\n their first performance on Thursday evening, at tlio Mechanics' Instituto, in Dorcas-street. A temporary theatre- tho samo that formorly b> longcd to tho Histrionic Olub, but which hil leen nowly decorated for the occasion-was tittil up in the largo hall, a splendid room for such a purposo, being 60 feet long by 33 wido. TI» »tage was l8 feet broad by 14 feot deep, and gava ampio space for tho performance. The play« ¿elected for the débtlt of tho club were the twj uct drama of " Time Tries All," and tho bur- lesque of the " Lady of Lyons." The perform- ances afforded complete satisfaction to au au- dience of between 400 and DOO persons. Ycstorday intelligence was received, by tali .graph from the Heads, of tho arrival thoro of ti» <liip S. Curling, on board of which is the salmo i Oka intended for Tasmania. Tho ship anchored .it the Heads, in coñsoquonco of unfavourable , w inds, and tho telegraph gives us no information, .ib to tho (.tate in which the interesting consign- ment has airivcd. A few hours, however, w.ll i Low whether the hopes of stocking the Austral- asian «atora with the "monarch of the rivers" aicfor the present ill orwell founded. Last ni/ht another consignment, to tho safe arrival of which much importance was attached, reached the bay, Mr. Embling hnung, at a lato hour last night received information, by telegraph, of tlio ¡u rival of the camels, so long oxpected, from India. They have been brought by tho ship Cliinsiirah, and without accident. By the Norfolk, which came into the bay a few days ago, we may add, five English hares arrivcd in good condition, out of ten embarked, ? W. Lyall, Esq , of Yallock, where they are now. ' At a special general meeting of the Melbjaru aud Suburban Hallway Company, held yäi«jr . jir, P. Johnson in tlio chair-the directors vere empowored to borrow £29,200, so as to completo the works now on hand. It was not deemed ndvisablo to issue the romaining shareä ¡ t)ie company, in the present state of the mar let Hie chairman announced that on the 1st ,it July th° W1Q T>"oul(l ue «ponod ns fftl" "s tua .yaua st Hawthorne, and on tlio 1st of Septem lwfrom Oiomorno to Chapeljstreot, Prahran. rjiio total cost of the line, when completed, will XHI »bout £320,000. We aro informed that oa tie 1st of September communication will -ha opened as far as Windsor-in fact to the junction v til tho Brighton Railway. A spurious gold selling caso again carno boforo tlio City Court yesterday. The defendant, Ah nw was partially examined and remanded. Tlie"Shakspearian sorenado," of which men- tion was mado in the notice of the Garrick Club's «rfonnarico in Thursday's Argus, has been pub- lished by Mr. Williams, of Bourke-street, for vhom Sir. Nelson composed tho song. j(r, T, II. Smith, who for bolwoon two and ilireo yearsIlas fulfilled with great credit to him- self tlio part of senior classical master at the Scotch Collcgo, has been appointed head mastor of the Model Schools. Iho resident surgeon of tho Lying-in Hospital reports tho following cases for the month ending May 31, I860 :-In-patients at this date, 24 ; ad- mitted during month, 20 j out-patients on books, 03 ¡ ot these, 32 were new cases. Dr. Chandler hold an inquest yesterday, at Keilor, on the body of Charles Horlock, a Mount Blackwood miner, who died on the 7th inst. from the effects of injuries caused by a quantity of earth falling upon him while at work with another man named Kuhr, in a drive, on Friday last. The deceased died between Keilor and the Junction Hotel, while being conveyed to the Hospital. The jury found that ho had died from ruptrure, accidentally caused. He was 32 years of age. (f »gc. It will bo remembered that about a fortnight I lack a diabolical attempt was made to sot lira (o tho branch Post-office and library, kept by | Jlr, Machin, in Iligh-streot, St. Kilda, by putting into the Iotter-box a piece of lighted tow, which iras found smouldering in the morning. At the limothcro was no ohio to tho miscreant, but lineo then the detectives, who havo boon ti gaged in making overy inquiry into the affair, hvo arrested on suspicion a person named .'ames Reynolds, a saddlor, and the owner of the I remises in question. Reynolds was brought up Itforo the magistrates at St. Kilda yesterday, and vas remanded until the 15th inst. Mr. Matthew Holmes, in a lotter published in | srothor column, in reforenco to our lender of yos iirday, calls our attention to the fact that ho oased to bo a member of tho Arm of Holmes, White, and Co., on Ootobor 1,1857. Mr. Holme?, in ono portion of his letter, says he is much jnincd to find his nanto included in our strictures. On these strictures wo have only now to say, tlmt thoy woro impersonal in their drift and aim, and only personal in their dramatic form. But Jlr. Holmes complains, also, that our roport maltes him a witness at tho late trial, and thus corneys tho impression that ho is still a member of the firm. On this point, ho rightly cor- rals tis, Our reporter acknowledges that ho has I erroneously, and in the hasto of composition, j tiico substituted tho iinmo of Mr. Holmes for ihatof Mr. James White. Tho report is entirely accurato, with the single qualification that ovi itneo twice ascribed to Mr. Holmes should have leen ascribed to Mr. White. It is in this error «lone that any reader can find any suggestion that Mr. Holmes is still a member of the firm on »hoso doalings, as a firm, our strictures woro died down. A public meeting of tho inhabitants of Eme lald Hill was held yesterday evening, in tho hall of the Mechanics' Instituto, to take into consider- ation tho Nicholson Land Bill, and tho polioy of tlic present Government. There were fully 500 fensons present, the large room being crowdod in «icrypart. Two resolutions wore proposed, the first ono being an expression of " the satisfaction of Iho meeting at tho principles of tho bill, and legislativo Council in demanding such modifica- tions of it as to render it of little practical utility in encouraging the settlement of a yeoman popu Ltion upon our unsettled public torritory, and .... ".~ uuuuvu.vu j/uuiiu «uuuury, ima tho meeting to support any Ministor «ho firmly and faithfully endeavoured to oarry into law a measure so deserving of publie confi- ance." Tho second resolution was to the offoct lUt the Ministerial explanation of thoir rosurap i'on of office was not such as lo inspire perfect «¡nfidonco in their possessing the firmness uccssary to bo shown in resisting tho al lirations in the bill by tho Upper Houso. 3!cssrs. Stead, Davis, Junor, Tope, and Forguson addressed the meeting. Mr. Wilson Gray was alio present, and took part in the proceedings. She various speakers oxprcssed thomsolves in turns of approval of the conduct of tho Jlinistry in resigning ofiico, and of condemui r'on on their resumption of oflico, with an inlon tltn of not sticking to " tho hill, the whole bill, snd nothing but the bill," That portion of tho jress that has supported tho conduct of tho Ministry of course did not escape the usual ¡mount of abuse, and the individual members of ile Government woro severely criticised. This is certainly the ago for tho pursuit of Iwmledfio, pleasantly convoyed. Dry leotures sic delivered to Bcant audiences, just as more lumour or a dash of invention, either remain ou (lo booksellers' shelves, or onlist the sympathies Iry, Thackoray, tho Household Words, and tho MurdaylRevicio, seem, in a great mensuro, to lavo spoilod the publie appetite for plain roast *nd boiled. Empty declamation is doliverod <0' empty benchos; and ho who would Iileaso and " draw" now-a-days must either sooson his dish with his own attic salt, or intcrminglo a sauce piquante of another's, so «iiMÙnjdy disguised, and withal making tho «fre'ej so palatablo, that tho guests aro willing Mr, Miehio's admirable locturo on the " Philoso I>liy of Ghosts and Witchcraft," delivered lovat light at tho Mechanics' Instituto, to a crammod louse,1 partook largely of both the abovo cha- racteristics. His own humour- and a pe- rusal of the pleasant discourse will show it was as fresh and good as over-like tho onion atoms in Theodore Hook's salad, " though soarco suspected, animated tho whole ;" while what ho J «¡row from other sources seemed to acquire a now vigour and oxcollonco under his artistio cuùine. ' I "Wo havo no intention of presenting our reade« ?»¡til nnvH.!«~ i:i.~-1-;- -c *'.-.- ". "?»..»uuiuiuiiiion oí presenting our reauorj Tth anything like an analysis of this splondid T'cce of gossiping, as at best it would bo a re <¡avj¡éc, or, anglicised, a dry hash of the lordly may however "say, that most readablo and «utcrtaining as this humorous dissertation 'ill bo found, to bo properly appreciated i(¡ íhoukl ho hoard, and, pardon tho Hiborni <;«m, soon. Diokons himsolf could hardly «»ve rolatod his own ghost-story with more lumour and effect than did Mr. 'Michio; wrcouldDoFoo havo dcsirod abetter'advooaté 'M tho popularization of Drolineourt's droary *ork than the lion, and learned looturor. lu «sponBo to a vote of thanks, whioh was indood tsrried by acclamation boforo being formally, =nd wo thought most unnocossarily, put by Dr. Gillbeo, Mr. Michio disclaimed the idea that his audionco experienced greater ploasuro than him * elf, for his leisure hours wore always gladly made uso of by him, if ho could thereby oroato *mu&omont; or instruction for his fellow-citizens. The business in tho District Couit yostorday «twisted chiefly of corporation and small debt fieant Andrews and Inspector Dabbs against .shopkeepers and cab-drivers for various broaohc« «'the city bye-laws, were disposed, of. Knee »ere in most instances imposed. J. Peniington' «B ordered to pay 40«, damages, and a- Ulfa sum in costs, for careless driving. In the case of i Cadden (clerk of tho *lburt) against M'Donough, I an itinerant booksellor, who, together with Ca- / thcrine Fisher, the mothor of tho illegitimate child of which ho was the father, had boon som.3 ! timo ago ordered to pay Cs. per week mainte- nance, was now compelled to increaso the allow- ance to 10s. a week for six months. Tho nursD, who picked up the ohild in n right-of-way, and had since maintained it, will thus havo £13 for her trouble. The defendant is a married man. While so many carmen aro summoned to polios courts, for charging exorbitant fares, it is bat fair to givo equal publicity to a case in whioh ti» fault lay on tho othor side. Under rather aggra- vated circumstances, yesterday morning, the East Collingwood Police-court, a carmal named Wm. Graynor, appeared to sunvm'n Mr. Hamilton Stephen, attorney, for 3s. cab fare. It appeared that the defendant had at- tended professionally at the afore-inontionel police-court, and having transacted his business, hailed the complainant, who was driving his ear along tho street. Mr. Stephen jumped into the car, and bade the man drivo into town without delay, as ho was in a hurry. The man did so, and at tho end of his journey had Gd. tendere 1 him. The carman demanded 3s. as his faro, and would take nothing less; so Mr. Stephen went away without paying. A summons was tho consequence; and tho bench fined tho defen- dant (who did not appear) 3s., and 13s. Gd. costs. Another caso of an opposite character was hoard immediately afterwards. The circumstancos of the case wero-that an invalid, named-Henry Merry, engaged a cabman, named James Cann, to drive him from Bourke-street lo the hospital. The journey boing performed Merry handed the cannan half-a-FOtcroign, which was all ho had, whereupon the covetous Jehu drove off without a word. Luckily tho invalid saw the rogue's num- ber, and summoned him. The bench ordered tho defendant to pay 40s., and 20s. costs. Tho bad or doubtful character that the East Collingwood Municipal Council has enjoyed for some time past bids fair to be redeemed by the liberal courso adopted by the council with refo renee to the establishment of a free public library in tho district. A movoment in connexion with the formation of tho library was initiated some time back by Mr. JohnPascooFawknor,M.L.C., »nd others interested in the success of such an institution. Tho committee proposed to realize JE600 by subscription, and thoy havo ovory hope of being ablo to do this within a brief period. With this sum thoy purposo erecting a hall, 40 feot by 50 feet, which will bo used for tho library and a reading-room. In accordance with the re- quest of tho initiators of tho movoment, tho coun- cil has, under the authority of the 28th clause of the Municipal Institutions Act, which empowers tho council "to mako such laws as may be necessary for tho establishment of a public library, museum, botanical gnrdens, or other public place of recreation, and the maintonanco and management thereof," passed a bye-law, which lins received tho assent of the Governor in Council, determining to keep the building when erected in repair, and to defray tho exponso3 of its management. This will includo tho salary of a librarian. The bye-law also appropriates tho etuii of £100 por annum for the purchase of books ni d other publications. Some COO volumes havo been promised as contributions to tho library, i.r.ti with theso, and 300 more that the institution v ill havo tho uso of, as their share of tho books about to bo lent by the trustees of the Publie Library to the various municipalities in tho neighbourhood of Melbourne, the library will be opened 'with some 800 volumes in tho course of a low days. Until the building is crested, tho council has liberally granted the uso, in the evening, of three of tho rooms in tho municipal chambers, one being appropriated to keoping the I ooks, and tho other two as reading rooms. " Othello" will bo performed nt the Thoatro Royal to-night, with a poworful cast. Mr. C. Holt will sustain tho part of Othello, and Mr. Brooko will bo the lago. Mr. and Mrs. Holt appeared for the last time at tho Princess's Theatre last night, in " The Green Hills of tho Far West." Thoy woro re- ceived with cordial marks of satisfaction by the audience. The afterpiece was the comic drama of " The Crown Prince, or tho Bueklo of Brilliants," in which Mrs. Guerin and Miss F. 1 oung, and Mcsbis. Stewart and T. Fawcett ap- peared to much advantage. " Pluto and Proser- pine" is to be revived to-night. A deputation from Sandhurst, introduced by Hil-. Howard, M.L.A., and Mr. Brodio, M.L.A., waited upon the Chiof Secretary yestorday, rola the to tho sludge channel at that placo. The Commissioner' of Public Works was presont with the Chief Secretary during the interview. It was r< presented that great inconvenience was sus- tained through tho non- completion of the channel iii question, and the object of the deputation was to ascertain, first, whether the Government w mid finish the construction of the channel ; tu.d, secondly, whether thoy would guarantoo to ri imhurso tho local authorities the oxponso to which they might be put in keeping it clear. To the ono inquiry, tho Chief Secretary replied, that the Government wore willing to completo tho work, but thoy wero fettered by tho oiroum. s'anco that, of the monoy voted by the Legislatura for this purpose, only £1,800 remained in hand, whereas tho cost of the work would bo something like £3,500. But tho Government would not consent to maintain tho channel after it waa finished. It now becamo the duty of the mining board of tho district to take action under the 113th clause of tho Gold-fields Act, and, hy the framing of a proper by-law, put themselves in the position of levying a local assessment for the purpobo of maintaining the channel. Mr. Brodie intimated that tho Attorney-General had shown that the presont Gold-fields Act was defectivo in this respect, because a clause- had bcon insertod at that lion, and learned gentleman's instance, in his (Mr. Brodio's) bill, now before Parliament, impowcring a mining board to delegate their power to a committee for the purpose of main- taining theso channels, and becoming thoir own rato and tax collectors. The 111th clause of the Gold-fields Act gave the mining board power to make bye-laws for clearing and keeping clear sludge channels, but it gave no power to lovy and dis- train for the amount of rates; all that could be done at presont was to impose a fino of £10 for a breach of tho bye-laws. Mr. Nicholson impressed his personal desire to further Mr. Brodio's bill ; at the samo time, ho reminded the deputation that £35,000 had been voted for this ptiiticular work, and that nearly all of it hvd been swallowed up. Tho Town Clerk of Sand- hurst observed that when the cliannel was com- pleted, the cost of keeping it clear would bo much lEt-B than that incurred at present ; indood. he believed the oxponso of maintaining the whole 10 miles of channel would not bo as much as tha Hoads and Bridges Dopartmont were now paying to tavo tho Murray-road at one particular spot. In tho course of conversation, it was stated that the present cost of maintaining the channel was £420 a month. Mr. Nicholson expressed hil Miong desire to seo tho channel completed: but us there was only ¿1,800 to the credit of thU 1 articular voto, tho question was, whether it I thould bo applied towards finishing the channel, or in some other way. with a view to save Mu ' property invested, ilo should be glad to coniult with tho Town Clerk of Sandhurst on tho sub jiot. _ 