THE PASTOUAL LETTER op . JOHN BEDS, Br Divine G-iuoe and Favor op tiie HotT Apostomo See, Akohbisiiop ov Sydney and Mktbopolitan, to the Faithful Clergy and Laity op tub Arohdiocese. ' F«b est viotoria 'qua yincit mundum, fides nostra.' — 1 John, 5, 4. ' This is tho victory which overcometh tho world, our faith.' Dearly Beioved,— Amidst the gloomy proa- ? pects of political convulsion that now cover the earth, there is one bright spot— it i3 over the Apostolio throne in which the successor of St. Peter ' aits — that sheds the light of comfort and hopo in . all right Catholic hearts. Amidst tho horrid din of oontonsions promoted by the wearisome strife of opinions without belief, by ambition that dares not rest, thore is the cloar, sweet, voice of faith ever whispering to us the well-known words : ' super Jiano petram mdificdbo ecclesiam meant,' ' on this rook I will build my church,' et portce inferi lion prcsoatcbunt adeersus earn, ' and tho gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Wo have this sure word of promise, Dearly Bolovod, and now it bohovos you to act as hoirs of tho promise. The world is sick and blind with its own wilful ventures, and myriad theories of Government ; it has no longer any olear vision of rightful authority ; it is torn asunder by tho brawlinga of self- interest and mendacity. ' But we Catholics know of one throne, at least, which was not established by will of man — which cannot bo shorn of its jurisdiction by caprice of man — which can never loso its hold on the love and loyalty of man. It is tho throne of St. Peter, the Vicar of Christ upon earth } For us, the men of this day, it is the throne of our Holy F&thor; Pope Pius IX. Dearly Beloved, we have completed the devotions which we undertook in order to draw down the protection and consolations of heavon upon the Church, and especially on its visible Head, whose present afflictions and necessities are known to you. We havo humbled ourselves, and besought pardon for any possible share our own sins may havo had in bringing to puss tho Divine permission of those afBctions, and now it remains only that wo do what we can to assist by our temporal resources. I- will not anticipate any failure of sincerity and generosity, any want of thoughtfulness and eolf laerifico, if, indeed, solf- sacriflco bo nocessary. It is enough, surely to know that Pius IX., our spiritual Father, the representative and voice of our Christian faith, the kindly hearted Prince, the Supreme Bishop who so lately proclaimed, in honour of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the Ever- BleBsed Virgin ; — it is enough of you to know of him who has such titles to your love and honour, that he is the object of the attacks of the spirit and powers of this world. Rebellious subjects, ambitious princes, miscreants in Christian faith and ordinary morality, strangers and false friends, every Bhape of deceit and calumny, — all arms and agents of the evil one, are banded against him. You know this) and you know what has been done amongst your brethren, in Faithful Ireland, and the rest of Christendom, in aid of his temporal resources. Do you likewiso; nay, do more. Surpass what has been done elsewhere, m, through the good Provi dence of God, you Burpass tho rest of tho world in means and in privilege. The Church in Australia is more frco than elsewhere on the earth ; let her speak with tho clear voico and rnunificout deed of a truly free spirit. It is Gt-od'a occasion for our trial and our blessing. Lot us honour our Lord Christ at tho moment, and in the way, in which he offers himself to our honour. Wo havo tho poor always with us, — wo havo the sick always with us, — we havo His little ones always with us ; wo have not always our Lord Buffering wrong and calumny in tho person of his earthly Vicar. Keep this thought in your minds and hearts. It is sufficient, it is true, — tho only true ono. Keep tho oyos of your faith on thiB sight, and you will overcome the world, — tho world of apathy and eelf-lovo in your own soula, — Tho world of sophistry and indifference without. Lot no one entangle you in discussions as to the ostent and kind of temporal dominion necessary to securo tho independence of tho Holy Father in his actiou for the good of the Church. Suffloo it for U9, that God's providence has placed him ovor those terri ritoriea which aro now sought to bo wrested from him. On the lowest ground, — tho common rights of all temp oral authorities, this muy not bo done, excopt in despito of all admitted justice. The pretonces which aro thrust forward in colour of Buoh spoliation would apply also to tho breaking up of the most goneral rights, and the alienation of privato properties. It is merely tho magnitude of the interests involved, the rank of tho conspirators, and the cant phrases of imaginary political necessi ties, that blind men to the gvossnes3 of tho wicked attempt. Nor lot tho plea of needful reform, and of discontented subjects, distract your vision of ' the re atinn, and responsibilities, of Catholics to tho Visible Head of the Churoh. Here, again, bo not you drawn into speculations that ha- o no placo in the estimate of duty. Of one thing wo are sure — that tho grossest misrepresentations, tho vilest, calumnies, are at work against tho Papal Govorn mont. Tho real object of hatred is not the pre tended faultin03S of administration, but the simple fact, that it is what it is— a Christian Bishop's Go vernment. Religion, visible authoritative Religion, i3 tho worldly statesman's difficulty, hia h&trad;, and his fonr. It socms to him that everything would go smoothly, wero it not for Religion, that is, for the Catholio Church. Wo havo no safoty in his reports of anything connected with Religion or her Ministers. Discontent and abuses will exist in all human communities; but what Monarch, what Go vernment in tho wliolo world would bo stable, und frco from anarchy, if tho csistonco of such things wore to roloaBO subjects fro'n loyal obedionco, and lioensc neighbouring Powers to promote rebellion and partition f Let us kwp our simplicity, and stand by tho right. Before now, tho Church has saved tho world when it aeorucd crumbling into tho doioy of uttor lawlessness consequent upon barba rian irruption ; and ifc may bo tho tiino is at hand when the vory priuoiple of authority, aud its di vine sanction, will bo acknowledged only in the Church, and, boing thoro maintained and vindi cated, it will a second timu savo tho world from the moro ruinous waste of itidiffdronce and scopti cism. Do, then, your part frankly ca to God, in (,he porson of hia servant, and bo sure your faith, tho faith of tho Churoh, will ovorcouio tho world. It may bo by imuiedinto triumph ; it may be through temporary suffering j but one way or other, it will bo ; und we, having dono our part gladly and liberally, wo can then ' stand still and soothe salvation of God.' Tho Grace of our Lord Jesus C.uist, and the charity of. God, and the communion of tho Holy ' Ghost be with you all. Amen. \+ JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. : Feast of the Precious Blood, 18G0. The Collections in aid of the present exigenoies ; of our Holy Father are to bo made throughout ! tho Arohdiocese teforo the first Sunday in August. A list will be sent to the Holy See, containing tho names of the several Clorgymen, with the amounts collected by them in each missionary diocese of tho Arohdiocese'; and -together with it a copy of this Pastoral, expressing tho sentiments oT the Faithful of New South Wales. Tho Collect ' Pro quaeunque necessitate' is to be substituted for the Collect 'Pro Papa,1' and continued, with tho Rubrical exceptions, until 1st January, 18G1. H. G. ABBOT GREGORY, . Vioar- General. 