u « "t V A RT E T I E S. -v-B ' A witty man oan make a jest; a wise man oan take one. 1 .. bi!n- :s MioholoL the French author, ' assorts that " iVery folly of woman is born of the stupidity of man.'', .. Why. shoijld lawyers be classed as members : of the feminine gender? Because they are fee-males, ? . '' A malignant sore throat it a very bad tfiing, !bnt a malignant throat, notsore, is soaroely ariy' better. , " -What did Adam first plant in. the gardenofEden? 17 la fnfth. What is that whioh n dumb man oannot craok ?-A joke, ; .. -. -.t 1 What is that whioh oan bo often found whore it is ' ' not? Fault. -- . ' What do we often dtop but seldom f&aop; to piok up?. A hint. " " -a 1? What ensign of royalty reseinblea a spioePivTh® Mace. ... ,, .. j-j,; > 1 l.; ' An editor down South apologisos for a delay' itt the issue of-his paper, as he had an extra male to attend to this week. "If yoii undertake to- flatter, don't overdo the thing. If you dfler-too muoli inoense to- a sensible man he wiii'bo'inoensed, ; !'A modern tonrist odlls the Niagara river " the pride, :of rivbri." 'That pridd" oertainiy ' has a tremendous fjill.;; " ' " . i ijWe are told that in '.making a. fashionable lady's- dress, the needle of the! Beamstress must travel a thou? sandjeet. .. . «- I ;i The girl who suooeeds ia winning the true-love of; a' trne man makes a very luoky bit, and is herself a! luoky miss.. . ; ! ;.' I Why has every plain girl one oonsolation ?— Be;,1 'oause, though not a pretty young lady, she will; if she, ;liVeAlo'ng enough, bo a pretty old-one. ; <j Ai'wag being asked the name of the inventor of but-', ter stamps, replied that >t was probably Cadmus,, as . he first'.brought letters into Greeoe. . .. -i . j A - jolly old-dootor said that pooplo whd jyere prompt - in their payments always recovered in their -'sioknessi! as ihoy were good oustomers, and phyai'oiana- oould; ndt afioird to -lose them.- --. sa-v'ta, w i "What religion was Adam?— EVb-angelioai/ ','.' ' ! ii Would a botanist olassify the Ghost in Hamlet as a'. Bpeoie's of deadly night-shade ? .. : .. ! "'It'is in vain to hope to please all. Lst a mah stand - with- his'faoe in what direction he -will, he' must ne- ' ba.'saril/ turn hiB baok upon halfthe world. - ; ' / . .It'wassaid'in the olden time '. that the -.body , was" more, than raiment ; but now the raiment .is .'often a- groat deal more than the body in value, , aud. full ,ten . timeB as much iu oiroumference- .' . i / ! j "A judge threatened to flue a lawyer for oontempt' of uourti " I have expressed no contempt dor; tne beurt," said the lawyer ; " on the oontrary/ 1 1 have -' oarefully oonoealed iny- feelings." -t.-.-: <; s .- ' !It is said Of the late Lord Anson, that he never had any levees because he kuew not how to talk; nor ever answered a letter, as he soaroely knew how. to write. This certainly gives us a very good' idea of this' great , navigator. " ' A sleepy ohurohwarde'n, who sometimes engages in / popular games, bearing his minister use the ; words Shuflla off this mortal noil," startod up, rubbed his byes, and oxolaimed, "Stop 1— its. my deal," . An advertisement of oheap shoes and fanoy articles io an'eastern paper has- tbe following nota bene:— : "N.B.— Ladies wishing- those oheap shoes, will do 1 well to" ottil soon, as they will not last long, - - i A company 'of men ate engaged On a farm in .Erie, digging prinoipslly for Oil, but do not seem very par- . ticular about it. They intend digging down one tnou- ' sand feet, or till they strike a vein of oil, or lead, or ooppsr, or gold, or soap. j .'I'Thore has been a slight mistake oommitted here," -: said the bouse surgeon, "of no groat moment though -j -pit was the sound log of M.r. Higgina whioh was out . off. We oau easily oure the other— oomos to the same . thing," ; ... . .. ' i Stern aunt: "In my. time, miss, the men looked, < at; the women's faoes instead of their ankles,'' Youhg lady ; V Ah, but my dear aunt, yon see the world has - improved, and is therefore a great, deal more civilised . than it. used to be!" i Some wiseaores speak and write as if ehange was in - itself an evil.- Is a little ohange in one's pooket art evil?' Is' the occasional ohange in one's linen an evil? ' Is a chad jo from bad to good an evil ? | An'ihdireot way of getting a drink of water at A; boarding- houSo is to ask for a third oup of tea, ! Misunderstanding and inattention oreate more un easiness in thb world than deoeption and artifibe, or, . at! least, their oonsequenoes are more universal,— - Gcethe. - \ . . , The numbar of oastlea, of whioh thore are known to . be existing remains ia, io England 461, Wales 107, SootlBud'155, and Ireland 120, total 843. ' Thinkers are as soarce as geld; but he whose thought emhraoos all his objeot, pursues it nnweari- odly, and fearless of oonsequences, iB a diamond of enormous sizs; ! Town 'and' Country, —Country life ii very good— in faot the best— for cattle ; but as for me, I must have sodiety.— Sydney Smith.' . If good people would not make goodness agreeable, and smile iustead oi frowning in their virtue, how many would they win to the good oause. : Curiosity is a thing that makes us look over other people's affairs, aud over look our own. Xe.noorates, reprehending ouriosity, said it is as rude to intrude into another man's house with your eyes as with your foot. QuabeSls.— Two things, well considered, would prevent many quarrels; first, to have it well ascer tained whether we are not disputing about terms rather tha'n things ; and secondly, to examine whe ther that on whioh we differ is worthy our contending for. Nothing is so contagious as example; never was there any considerable good or ill done that does not ptoduoe its like. Wo imitato good notions though emulation, and bad ones through a malignity in our nature, which shame oouceals, and example sets at liberty. Unpatriotic horses.— In the Russian oampaign (1812), Murat ouo day oomplainod to JSausouty that the cavalry had not vigorously exeouted a charge, Nansouty replied, " tbe horses b&vo; no patriotism ; the soldiors fight without broad, but the horses insist ou oats." Lady : " You soem to be a constant visitor to the sea-side, Mr Lung."— Gent: "Why, ya-as- You see ' my doc'.or reoommendod exorcise, and I find that holding my hat on when tho wind blows is a very oapital iuvigorator, if it wasn't so very fatiguing." A queer looking customer inserted his head into an auution room, and loosing gravely at the knight of tho hammor, said, " Can 1 bid sir ?" " Certainly,'' said tho auotioueer, " you oau bid." " Well, then," said the wag quietly walking off, " I bid you a vory good night." Mr Gibbon, the historian, is so indolent that he never even pares bis nails. His servant, while Gib bon is reading, takes up ouo of his hands, and when ho has porformcd tho operation lays it down, and thou manages the other, tho patient, in the mean while. scarcely knnwlner what is aoina ou.and auiotly . pursuing his studios.— Prior's Life of Malonc. A Cynical Epitaph.— In tho ohurohyard of the sequestered villago of Ewias Harold, Herefordshire, there is a tombstone, noar tbe publio footpath, on whioh tho oaoupantoi tho tomb is supposed to address tho passer-by in tho following words:— " Reader, pass on, nor wasto your prooious time 1 i On bad biography, and much worse rhyme ; f- 1 For what I am tliis cumbrous clay inures, t-ta- Aad what I w#s ii no affair of your-" 