¡ 2UREE STARTLING SITUTAIONS. MY existence, I am happy to say, has not been what an jr conscientious " gentleman connected with the Presa" would feel himself justified in calling " cheokered." I did not begin life as tba heir to a dukedom, find myself at twenty-one to have been illegitimate, and eventually in a position to dictate to some popular anthor, from the sick-ward - of a union workhouse, the interesting raw materials for bis novellette. The Falling Star. Neither did I begin life a lad in the knife« house, and Creeping np from high to higher. Become on Fortune's crowning slope, Tba oentreof a Ward's desire. And flt with Aldermen to oopa. The prayer of my godfather for me was like Agar's, that I should have neither riches nor poverty ; he left me that muoh-abused inheritance-which, to a reasonable man, is nevertheless the best in the world, ainoa it en- ables him to pursue all good objects . for their own sake -" a moderate independence ;' and I have kept it ever since. Hence, O reader, it is in vain to expeet from this com. < fortable quill either soaring Mights into the Empyrean (with a large E), or down Bwoops into the Abysmp. I know no more of palaces than I do of prisons; and yet I have had my three " startling'situations" too. Most mor- tals who have grown to be men and women have bad some experiences always afterwards observable to their mind'8-eye in the level road of their existences, even il they be but the being pitched out of a merry-go-round at a fair, or the having proposals of marriage tendered to them by a black man ; and why not I like the rest T First, then, I have had the privilege of beholding a spiritual manifestation- three distinct, or, at all events, separate ghosts at the same time. This happened on my way from Calais to Paris, in the winter of 1832. The boat, as it always does when I am in it-a proof of my honest assertion that there is nothing shout nae unlike what belongs to the majority of my fellow-oreatures bad made an exceedingly bad passage, and I landed upon the shores of France with a vaauum within me that I had yet no desire to replenish. Had it been otherwise, there was very little time to do it, for the diligence, un- like myself, quite full inside, was upon the point of starting, and I climbed up in a miserable condition beside the oonduotor. How he screamed, gesticulated, and oraoked his prodigious whip like a demon-driver, it. is not necessary, and would be painful to me to desoribe. I fell asleep as soon as I oould, and forgot him ; and when I woke again, he was asleep too, and the horses wore going at their own sweet will, and pace, which latter is in Eranoo a very moderate ono. I felt cold and hungry enough, but yet so faint as not to seem equal to the effort of . waking the driver, and urging him to puah on a little faster to the next roadside inn ; so faint, so drowsy, thal no earthly thing, I think, short of an upset, could have roused me up, or awakened my interest. No earthly thing, pernaps ; but what was that running along the hedge-on the top of the hedge-upon the left hand j running along by the aide of the diligenoe, and yat a little io advance, BO as to turn hack and look at it, and at me ? That woke mo soon enough, and most thoroughly. What business had Mary Boss, my little ward-who had lately been left a widow with two ohildren, and whom I bad bidden good-bye to only a few days I belora - wnat business, I sa/, bad th« to be running atop of s roadside hedge between Calais and Paris at midnight, always keeping her bead turned round, and ber eyes fired upon me 7 There waa not the least doubt of it being Mary, although I had never seen her with that look of pain and entreaty on ber faoe before. 1 am thankful to think that sha never had to ask anything, either for herself or. others, twiss from me. She never looked before her, but] glided swiftly on along the badge; and when a gap or gate intervened, seemed to leap it without any spring or unusual exertion. When ber eyes were not on mine, they were fixed on one or other of the two fore-wheels of the diligence ; and, presently, I leaned over to Bes what was attracting her in the left-hand one. Georgy was there-Georgy Ross, her eldest son, revolving with the wheel, and upon its rim, disappearing and coming up again as though he were bound to it, with his white face upward towards me and her, but with shut eyes. His brother, Charles, was on the other wheel, I knew, although of course, I could not see him ; and, presently, upon the great empty front seat, where there was room for four beside the driver, there lay stretched on either side of me those same two boys, in long white dresses, which since they were dead, poor things, aa it subsequently turned out-might have been shrouds. I had scarcely time to put my hands ont, right and left, and through each of these forms, to feel tho bare cushion of the seat, when the driver, with a burst of sacris, woke, and lashed the horses, calling them pigs and demons. Then the children and their dear mother vanished from my sight for ever. Being of a phlegmatic, or, as I prefer to call it \- of a philosophical dispos tioo, I simply entered in my note-bosk, writing it there, as I sat in the clear moon- light, " Carious illusion produoed [Deoember 14,1833] by hunger and fatigue." Nevertheless, as I sst at breakfast in Puris on the morning of the 19tb, I received word by post that Mary Ross and her two children were all dead of typhus fever. M Mary," the letter said, " kept asking for you. William, as though you could have saved ber little ones, and even after they were out of the reach of earthly aid. She her- self did not survive them more than a few hours. They all died on the 14th !" My seoond "startling situation" was not a ghoBtly one, although, the locality waa far batter adapted for snob a phenomenon than the high-road to Paris-a Ana old manor-bonss in Staffordshire, that had been a petty stronghold in the time of the oivil wars. Rupert had sallied out of it at the he d nf his rake- helly Babeaters, and Cromwell hsd stormed it with i his Ironsides, smiting Ag >g-that is to say, ita then possessor, Sir Jasper Seton-hip and thigh. ' He was j ont to pieces in the great hall, which ia now the music room, or was, in the days, I knew it; and the dash of steel is still to be heard there in wild winter mid- nights, although I cannot say that I ever detected it myself, for certain. There were, however, the most mysterious nightly sounds in that old house, whose furniture, though good and costly, was throughout from garret to Btill.ronm, exceedingly ancient. I never was, indeed, in any dwelling-house where Antiquity had it so much her own way. It was full of unnecessary and unexpected flights of Btairs, of tortuous passages, of long, dark, slippery galleries, and espeoially full of lingering echoes, always dying ont, and never dead. Nine-tenths of the mysterious noises came, of coarse, from these Bama echoes, bat who made the other tenth, and set the noises going, was a problem not so easily solved. Who emptied sacks of potatoes every night down the wide unoarpeted oak-stair in tbs aforesaid music-hall, was quits an open question; for everybody agreed, though there were no potatoes to be found there, that that was the operation wbioh the disturbance most resembled. Who went about, and seemed to listen-with list.slippers on-at the chamber doors f Who rang the drawing-room bells wheo nothing was wanted, and everybody bad gone to bed? My answer, on account of the philosophical charaoter of my nature, was always Bats. The boase so swarmed ; with them, that it might have been called Rita Castle, 1 The arras in such of the chambers aa vere not in con- stant nae was rat-eaten as well as moth-eaten. The wainscots were riddled by rats ; and they wara only kept away from the provisions of the household by a patent safe, that was the one modern contrivance in Burl bj Hall. Nevertheless, the old place waa the very home of Christmas hospitality, and bad for me, who did not care for rata, only one Booree of annoyance : 1 dared not indulge in two of my usual custom a-getting up early in the morning, and sleep-walking at night, for fear of being Bhot by Captain Seton-tbs eldest eon of Sir Arthur-wbe, enraged by tb« átate of terror ia whioh the fcoule. portion of Ute domestic! wera plunged, [perambulated, the house at all hoars with a. revolver, wherewith he - had pledged him- self to pot an end to all disturbers of the household ! peace. HU sisters, being Setons, «ara, of course, afraid of nothing; bat I confess that, for my part, I did not like that air barrelled implement of the young dragoon at all. The nightly noises, however, were no whit de- creased hy thia amateur-watchman ¡ and ona December night, when a grim north-easter waa trying doora and windows from without, and the rats were at work as nsoal with their potato- sacks and list-slippers within, he added considerably to the general tumult by ringing a ' huge hand alarm-bell-which he had had placed in his bedroom in ease of such an emergency-and all the inmates of the man- sion looked to the summons as bees are gathered hy the hivesman. We found the captain in bis'dressing-gown, in tba centre of the western gallery, standing by an ugly mirk in the panelling, whioh ha had made with the muzzle of his pistol. ' Here he is,' cried be t * the fellow went through here, I'll take my oath I I beard him listening at my door, and was oat in a minute, takiag a snap-shot at him, but the thing missed fire.' ?Heard whomt-heard whom?-inquired Sir Arthur, 'I don't know; how should If replied the young man. ' Perhaps a ghost ; or if not, somebody who was never so near being a ghost, I'll warrant him as bo was five minuten baok. I'll have ihU panel broken in. 'No, father, we'll not leave it titi to-morrow, if you please ; that's bow these things go on-lei's do it at onoe. There's a pickaxe in the Btable yard ; go and fetch it, Thomas.* So the pickaxe was brought, and-Sir Arthur uawil. lingly assenting-we broke up th» black oak panelling into a hundred splinters, and then through a thick stone wall, without a hinge or entrance, as it seemed, of any kind in it, into a chamber, of tbe existence nf which ne person in the house had ever known, A modem chamber -a small sitting-room, barely furnished with chairs and table of a date of construction later by at least two hun* dredyearp, than anything In thehoase, exoept the patent safe j but there was no window to the room, nor any means of ingress that could be discovered, save that very rough one of our own. I do not think that either ghost or burglar could have affected us all mere strangely than the sight of that untenanted and unknown modern roam. It ia still to be seen in the west gallery of Burlby Hall, the sole approach to it-for so the Setons will have it-yet lying open between the splintered planks and broken Btene-work, as when it waa first found. The m jato r j concerning it and its oooupants- if any is still unsolved, and the rats make just aa much noise abont the grand old plaoe as ever. ftly third remarkable adventure occurred to me in broad daylight, when it is especially creditable to a situation to be " startling," as mine undoubtedly was. I was in Cheater, residing with my family, consist- ing of my wife and a grown-up son and daughter, in temporary lodgings, three stories high, but otherwise very convenient. It was ten o'olooh in the morning, but, I am ashamed to Bay, we wera still at breakfast, for we were away from home on pleasure, end had fallen into all sorts of idle habits. Our conversation happened to be upon an incivility my wife had met with in the town on the preceding day. Some coal-heavers were unoartiog coal upon the pavement, and the roadway being very wet, she had asked them to desist from their occupation for a moment, so that she might pass. They did ao. but not without one of them observing ? "And bow do you think wa should get our work done, missis, if we was to wait for every fool as goes by f" We were expressing our hope that thia gentleman's remark was not an exemplification of Chester manners, when the third window of oar room-that furthest from the breakfast-table-was violently thrown opon, and the head and unolothod shoulders of a min thrust them- selves inwards. My son and I were so overcome with astonishment, and the ladies with terror, that it must have been nearly a fall minute before I stooped down for the poker, during the whole of which interval be made the most hideous grimaces it is possible to oonceive. Independently of these, his natural ugliness wss excessive, but being perfectly bald, and of a bright scarlet colour-suoh a complexion as I had never before seen cu any man. AB I ran at him, poker in hand, be slammed down the window, and before I could open it, was ont of sight. Wonderful as had been bia appearance, his disappearance was far more so, and indeed inexplicable. The window whioh had been thrown up was a half window-that is to say, it was oommon to our room and the next to it, whioh also belonged to the same house, but was st that time uninhabited and looked up. Having satisfied our- selves by a thorough search that the apparition was not in this apartment, there was nothing left but the conclusion that he had made his way along a narrow ledge of not more than four inches broad, to some other house to the right of oars, and that with the moat excessive quiokness. The ledge was at least forty feet perpendicular above a crowded street with no other resting-place between it and tho ground, and in fall view of all passers-by, some of whom would have been surely attracted by the spectacle ol a naked soarlet man balancing himself upon next to nothing, over their heads. The matter indeed seemed inexplicable, bat still I felt it my duty to persevere in my investigations, since the minds of both my wife and daughter had been greatly shaken by the occurrence, and If I could only find some reasonable explanation, I knew that half that misohief would be done away with. I spared, therefore, neither pains nor money to this end. Tha polios were aet to work; a reward was offered for the discovery of the person who had oommitted the outrage; and all passengers through tho street in ques- tion, upon that morning, between 10 and 1018, were exhorted to come forward' sad witness to any peculiar appearance visible at that time and pleoe. All, however, was in vain, until a fortnight afterwards. The subject was by that time avoided by ns as muon aa possible, while the ladies were present; but one forenoon, while my son and I were speaking of it as the maid WOB laying the lunoheon-aloth, he observed : ' Do you know, father, I have been thinking a good deal about the odd appear- ance of that horrible man's head, and I have oome to the oonolusion that it was not bald at all, but thavei.', 'Good,' said I. 'I'm pretty sure, my lad, you're right; and in - that case he must have been an escaped lunatic. This gives us s clue' " Please, sir," interrupted the maid with a cuttsey, ' Mr. John Stokes, at No. 33, av ad is ead shaved lately for scarlet fever.' ' l'or icarlet fever," oried I ; 1 Eureka, Eureka /' and I elapped my hat on, and rushed off to No, 33 like a lunatic myself. Mr. John Stokee was still grievoua'y ill, and not to be seen by anybody but hlB lawyer, said the servant. ' And am I not bis lawyer, my good man t Can't you see ?' So I went up, SB I had conjectured would be the case, to the third story, the same in whioh was our own sit- ting-room in No. 10. Poor Mr. John Stokes was lying in bed-and luckily, fast asleep-with the identical shaved bead and sosrlet face that bad been so impressed upon all our memories, ' He has been delirious for days, poor fellow,' said the nnrse; ' and it would be a pity to wake him for any business matter-would it not ?' I said that it would be a great pity, and that it was not' lo be thought of; and then asked whether the eiok man was ever left alone ? . Never, sir.' 1 Are you quite sore of that V said 1 severely, 'Well, air, I may say "never;" that is, except just for my goiog down stairs for bis breakfast.' 'And what time does he breakfast)* ' Well, sir, about ten o'clock.' ' Between ten and a quarter-past, I suppose 1 ' 'Yes, sir,'replied the astonished nurse ; 'just so.' The window nearest to our house was, I found, un- bolted. It was clear that Mr. John Stokes-who after- wards got well of his fever, and, I hope, recovered his bair-was the apparition that had so Bpoiled oar breakfast a fortnight ago, and set our digestions wrong ever since. The only mystery remaining was how, even in de- lirium, human feet could have gene so swiftly and surely upon that narrow ledge along tbs fronts of three broad houses, and how they oonld have remained invisible to any eyes save oars.- Cfiambtrt' Journal. 