THE HESCOE— A TRUE STORY OF THE SUPERNATURAL. (From Osren's ' Footfalls.') Mr. Robert Bruce, originally decend ed from some branch of the Scottish family of that name, was born in bum ble circumstanced, About the dose of ibe last century, at Torbay, in tbe south of England, and there bred op to a seafar ing life. When about thirty years of age, to wit, in tbe year 1628, be was first mate of a bark trading between Liverpool and St. Johns, New Brunswick. On oue of her voyages, bound west ward, being then souie five or six weeks out, and having ncared the eastern por tion of the banks of New Foundland, the Captain and mate had be» n on deck at noon, taking an observation of the sun, alter which tbvy lo'.h descended to calculate tbe day's work. The cabin, a email one, was imme diately at the stern of the vessel, and the short stairway depending to it run athwart-Bbips. Immediately opposite to this stairway, just beyond a small Bquare building, was tbe mate's state room ; and from that landing there were two doors close to each other, tbe one opening aft into the cabin, the other fronting the stairway into the state room. The desk in the state loom was in the forward part of it, close to the door ; so that one sitting at it and looking; over his shoulder, oould look into the cabin The mate, absorbed in his calcula tions, whioh did not result as lie expect ed, varying considerably from tbe dead reckoning, had not noticed the captain s motions When be had completed his calculations, be called out without look ing round, '? I make our latitude and longitude so and so. Can that be right ? How is yours P Receiving no reply, be repeated bis question, glancing over his shoulder, and perceiving, as he thought, the cap tain busy writing on his slate. S'.ill no answer. Thereupon he rose, and, as he Irontedthe cabin door, the figure he had mistaken for the oaptain raised its head and disclosed to the astonished mate the teatures of an entire stranger. Bruoe was no coward ; but, as he met that fixed face looking dirrctly at him in grave silence, and was assured that he was no one whom he had ever seen be fore, it was too much for him ; and instead of slopping to question the seeming in truder, he tushed upon deck la sue evident alarm that it instantly attracted the oaptain's attention. *' Why, Mr. Bruce,' said the fetter, ' what iu lie world is tbe matter with you P' ' The matter, sir P Who is that at your desk P' ' No one that I know of.' ' But there is sir ; there's «, etranger there ' u A stranger ! Why, man you must be dreaming. You must have seen the steward there, or tbe tvwoud mate. Who else would venture down without or ders P ' 'But, sir, he was «itting in your arm chair , fronting (he door, writing on your slate. Then lie looked up full in my faoe ; and if ever I tmw a man plainly and distinctly in this world, C mw him.' 'Him! WhouT «-3od knows, «{r; I don't. I swwft rmb, «nd a man I had never seen in toy life before.' 'You must be going ci»iy. Mr. Bruoe. A stranger, and we nearly sis weeks ?ot!' ' I know, sir ; bot then I «aw bino.' 'Oo down and see »ho it is' Bruoe hesitated. ' I never was a be liever in ghosts,' be fiaia, 'but if the troth must be told, sir, I'd rather not face it alone.' ' Come, come, man. Go down at once, and don't mate a fool of yourself before tbe crew.' ' I hope you've always found me wil ling to do what's reasonable,' Bruce re plied, changing color ; ' but if its all the same to yon, sir, Td rather we should both go down together.' Tbe captain decended the stairs, and the mate followed him. Nobody in the cabin ! They examined the state rooms Not a soul to be found ! ' Mr. Bruce.' said the captain, - did not I tell you you had been dreaming?' ' It's all very well to say so, 6ir ; but if 1 did'nt see that man writing on your slate, may I uever aee my home and family again ' ' Ah ! writing on the slate ! Then it should be there etiil.' And the captain took it up « By God !' he exclaimed, ' here's some thing sure enough ! Is that your writing Mr. Bruce T The mate took the elate, and there in plain, legible characters, stood the words, ' Steer to the Nor 'west !' 'Have you been trifling with me, sir ?' adder! the captain, in a stern man ner. \- On ray word as a nan, and a sailor, sir,1 replied Bruce, ' I know no more of this matter than you do. I have told you the exact truth.' The o&ptaia; sat down at his desk, tbe slate before him, in deep thought. At last turning tbe slate over* and pushing it toward Bruce, he said, ' Write dowu, 1 Steer to the nor' west.' Tbe mate complied, and the oaptain, after narrowly comparing tbe two band writings, said, 'Mr. Bruce go and tell tbe second mate to come down bere ' He came, and at the Captain's request be also wrote tbe same words. So did (Ik steward. So, in succession, did every man of tbe crew who oould write at all. But not one of tbe various bands resembled in any degree, the mysterious writing. When tbe crew returned the oaptain sat in deep thought. - Could any one have been stowed awa? ?' at last, he said. ' Tbe ship must be searched ; and if I don't find tbe fellow he mutt be a good hand at hide-and-»eek. Order op all hands.' Every nook and corner of the vessel fiom stem to stern, was thoroughly searched, and that with all the «ager ness of excited cariosity — tor the Teport had gone out that a stranger had shown himself on board, but not a living sonl beyond the erew and the officers wes found. Returning to th° cabin after their fruitless Bearch, ' Mr. Bruce,' said the captain, « what do you make of all this ?' ' Can't tell, sir. I Baw the man write, you see the writing. There must be something in ft.' * Well, it would seem so. We have the wind free, and I have a great mind to keep her away and see what will come of it.' ?I sorely would, sir, if I were in your place. It's ODly a few hours lost at the worst.' ' Well, we'll see. Go on deck and give the course oorVest. And Mr. Brace,' be added, as tbe mate rose to go, ' have a look out aloft, and let it be a hand you can depend on.' His orders were obeyed. About 3 o'olock tbe look-out reported an iceberg nearly ahead, and, shortly after, what be thought was a vessel of some kind close to it. As they approached, the captain's glass disclosed the tact that it was a dismasted ship, apparently frozen to the ice, and with a good many human beineB on it Shortly alter they hove to, and sent out the boats to the relief of the sufferers. It proved to be a vessel from Quebec, bound to Liverpool, with passengers on board. She had got entangled in the ioe, and finally frozen fast, and had passed several weeks in a most critical situation. She was stove, her deck swept ? in fact, a mere wreck ; all her provi sions and almost all her water gone. Her orew and pissengere bad lost all hopes of being saved, and th«is grati tude for the unexpected rescue was pro portionately great. As one of tbe men who had been brought away in the third boat that bad reached the wreok was asoending the ?Up'a tide, the mate catching ft glimpH of bis face, started back in consternation. It was Ibe very face he had seen, tbree or four liouro bVforr, looking up at him from the captain's desk. At first lie tried to persuade Unwell it might be fancy ; but the more he ex amined the man ttifi more sure he be came that he w*s right. Not only tbe face, but the person aod the dress ex actly corresponded. Ab soon «? tbe enhwieled crew and famished passenger* were cared for and tbe baric on be t course «g»iu, the mate called the ri plain a«-Je, 'It seems that was not a jjLuBt 1 saw today sir ; the man's alive.' ' What do you mean ? Who's alive ?' ' Why, sir, one of the passengers we have juit saved is ibe same man I «aw writing on your slate aX noon. I would swear to it in a court.' ' Upon my word, Mr. Bruce,' replied the contain, ' this gets more and more singular. Let us go and see thw man.' They found faim in conversation «rit& tbe captain of -te reeoued atop. They both came forward, and expressed ia tbe worse* terms, their gratitude for de livenmoe final * horrible fete — alow- oejguig death by «xj»usui» and starva tion. Tbe oaptain replied that be bad but dope what he was certain tbey would have done toi bim under tbe same cir cumstaoces, and asked then) both toetep down into the cabin. Tbeo turning to the passenger, be said, ' I bope sir, you will not tbisk I am trifling with you ; but 1 would be much obliged to you if yon would write a few words on this slate.' And he handed him tbe elate, with that sUe ap on which tbe mysteri ous writing was not. I will do anything you ask,' replied the paaeenger ; but what Bhall I write ?' ' A few words are all I want Sup pose you write ' Steer to the nor'west.' The passenger, evidently puzzled to make ont tbe motive for -such a request, complied, howevei, with a smile. The captain took up tbe slate and examined it closely ; then stepping asiae so as to conceal the slate from tbe passenger be turned it over and gave it to him again with the other side up. ' You say that ia your hand writing,' eaid tie. ' I need not say so,' rejoined the other looking at it, -for you saw me write it.' ♦ And this P' said the captain tnrning the slate over. Tbe man looked first at one writing then at the other, quite confounded At last, 'What is the meaning of tliis ?' said he. ' I onlv wrote one of these. Who wrote the. the other ?' ' That's more than I can tell you, sir. My mate here says you wrote it, sitting at this desk at noon to-day.' The captain.. of the wreck and the passenger looked at each other, exchang ing glances of intelligence and surprise ; «nd the former asked tbe latter, ' Did you dream that you wrote on this slate ?' ' No, sir, not that I remember. ' You speak of dreaming,' said the raptain of the bark. ' What was this gentleman about at noon to-day ?' ' CaptaiD,' rejoined the other, ' the whole thing is most mysterious and ex traordinary ; and I bad intended to speak to you about it as soon as we got a little quiet. This gentleman,' (pointing to the passenger.) 'being much exhausted, fell into a heavy sleep, or what seemed such, some time belore noon. After an hour or more he awoke and said to me, 'Cap tain we shall be relieved this very day.' When I asked bim what reason he had for saying so, he replied that he had dreamed tbat he was on board a bark, and that she was coming to our rescue. He described her appearance and rig ; and, to our utter astonishment, when your vessel hove in sight she correspond ed exactly to his description of her. We bad not put much faith in what he said ; yet still we hoped there might be some thing in it, for drowning men, you know, will catch at straws. As it has turned nut. I ciinnnt dnnht that it was all arran ged in some incomprehensible way, by an overruling providence, so that we might be saved. To Him be all thanks for his goodness to us.' ' There is not a doubt,' rejoined the other captain, 'that the writing on the slate, let it have come there how it may, saved all our lives. 1 was steering at the time considerably south of west and I altered my course to nor'west, and I had a lookout aloft, to see what would come of it. But you say,' be added, turning to the passenger, ' tbat you did not dream of writing on a slate ?' ' No sir. I have do recollection what evet of doing so. I got the impression tbat the bark I saw in my dream was coming to rescue us ; but bow tbat im pression; pome I cannot tell. There is another Wery strange thing about it,' he added- ' Everything hers on board seems to me quite familar; yet I am very sure I ne»er was in your vessel before. It is all a puzzle to me. What did your mate see ?' Thereupon Mr. Bruce related to them all tbe circumstances above detailed. The conclusion they finally arrived at was, that it was a special interposition of Providence to save them from what Beemed a hopeless fate. The above narrative was communi cated to me by aptain J. 8. Clarke, of ol the eobooner Julia Hslloch,' who haa it directly from Mr. Bruce himself, they sailed together for seventeen months, in the year 1836 and 37 ; so that Captain * In July, 1SS9. Tbe Julia Ittllook mt then lymf at the fool of Rutgers Square, New York. Sue trndei between New Turk ana St. .Jipo, In the Island of Cut». TVw 0-p, allowed at to ate bit name, aid to refer to bim as trMisw tot the troth ot what It ban let 4«wii Clarke bad tbe story from the mate about eight years after the oociuxenoe. He bas since loBt night of him, and does not know whether be is yet alive. All he bas heard of bim since they were shipmates is, tbat be continued to trade to New Brunswick, that bo became niasti-r of the brig Comet, and that she was lost. I asked Captain Clarke if he knew Bruce well, And what sort -of a man bo was? ' As truthful and straightforward a man,' be replied, 'as ever I met in all ray life, W« were «e intimate as bro thers ; and two men can't be together, shut up far seventeen months in the same ship, without getting to know whether they can trust one another's word or not. He always spoke of tbe einuiuataMes in terms of reverence, as of an incident tbat ceemed to bring bun nearer to tied, and mother world I woeld stake my life upon it that he tolfl me do lie.' 