PROTECTION TO NATIVE"INDU8TÏIY. A public meeting was held last evening, at Rodda's Assembly Room, Elizabeth street, for the purpose of considering the advisability of lOitiQUtng the Legislature to promote colonial ii dustry by imposing a duty on the importation if all articles of foreign produce The room was well filled on the occasion Mr T Loa lei, V L A , presided, and was supported on the platform by Messrs Heales, Don, Wilson Gray, u M Stephen, Sinclair, Carr, be The CHAIRMAN introduced the business by stating that the meeting had been called at the instance of the Conference, which had met for the purpose of considering the desirability of having protective duties He was glad to see the Conference moving in the mater, because, no doubt, whatever might be the opinions held by the majority of the people, trade was in a do pressed state, and it was evident that something necessary for the purpose of encouraging native in dustry should be adopted Whether the oncou movement should be offered in the shape of a protective duty, or in any other shape, was a question for consideration. The Conference considered that protective duties would meet the urgency of the want The free traders did not admit this Woll, import duties had been imposed in other countries for the purpose of protecting native commerce (Deni, hear ) Therefore, he thought the onus of showing that protective duties would not meet the want here fell upon the Free traders His own opinion was, that something in this respect' ought to be done in Victoria Produce is the women of wealth, and the greater the produc- tions of a nation, the greater its wealth, the greater, the number of persons employed, and the greater the prosperity and happiness of the people (Hear, hear ) A large manufacturing 1 business means a large liver of wages flowing through and nourishing every branch of trade throughout the community (Hear, hear ). But that liver of trade (continued the speaker) is not to be found here We have sent away millions per annum to other countries, in order to suit incur the river of wages flowing there, leaving his own perfectly neglected During last year he found from a Customs return goods were imported into Victoria to the amount of ±10,444,000, while the exports amounted to only £14,000,03J there was, therefore, £1,300,000 against the colony for that period The difference in the previous year was ¡£1,100,000 And if this were continued-m the face of bad trade, and I markets glutted with the products of foreign countries a bad state of things would be the consequence It was stated by the Free traders that Protection was a description of class legislation, which seeks to benefit the minority at the expense of the majority (2 No, no ') He did not consider this objection a sound one, and he trusted that some gentleman, in the course of the evening, would address himself to that point, and refute the assertion (Hear, hear ) Mr. Warden then addressed the meeting Looking at the present state of the colony, he thought some alteration was necessary, and that alteration, he maintained, must be made by the Legislature Hundreds of men had been extracted from their homes, and induced to settle in this country, in the hope of bettering the condition And what were they doing ? Walk- ing about the streets, surveying and inspecting goods which they expected they should have manufactured (Hear, hear ) Not one half of the mechanics were in full work, and in consequence they were leaving the townships of Victoria, to seek other employments which they imagined to be more remunerative (Hear, hear ) The desire of those who agitated this question was not to increase the price of colonial goods they desire was simply that, by imposing a duty upon imported manufactured goods, those goods should contribute something towards the national expenses (A Voice -" The land ). That sub yet he was not speaking upon-the Convention would look after that-but he would say that the Convention principles, without Protection, would be of little use, while Protection would be of no use without the land (Hear, hear) He had had the pleasure of appearing on this subject before a Committee of the Legislative Assembly, and he was happy to observe that they appeared to feel something of the kind was necessary (Hear, hear.) He predicted that if the present course of policy were con turned, things would become much worse than they are now If the present generation could not got a living, what would then families do afterwards What chance was there of apprenticing a youth to a trade ? A tradesman when appealed to on this subject, says ' I have not work for myself, and if I have I dont know how long it will last, perhaps I my self may have to go up the country for a living next week. The institution of protective duties it would not only benefit the artisan, but the unskilled labourer, and even the gold digger would reap great benefit from the change Boots and shoes to the value of £2,000 were imported daily into the colony, Let the article would not bear wear and tear, whereas, they would be sure of a good as there is colonial made, because the mal de find a character to lose The distressed state of the colony, he contended, was shown by the fact of any cases being disposed of in a day in the Insolvent Court He concluded by moving" the following resolution - " ' That, in the opinion of this meeting, the present depressed state of the colony, evidenced by the numerous failures in business, the scarcity of employment, and the great number of unemployed, who are daily increasing, demands the in mediate action of the Legislature to remedy ' Mr Gbuhm Blltlrt (Prahran) seconded the resolution J lo thought the meeting was a sufficient milk or to the articles which had appeared in the leading journal of the place The people it showed, did care somewhat on this question He was pleased to see the question rated at its true importance If Free trade were thousand and benella of thing it was represented to be ought not this to be a prosperous nation ' Ilaii they not had seven years of it Renton unitedly And if so, and the result were the condition stated in the resolution, must there not be " something rotten in the state of Denmark ' (A Hugh and " Hear, hear ) He admitted that free trade, carried out its integrity- if adopted by all nations was a grand idea, but it was their duty to look to the resources of the colony had the material advancement of its people rather than promulgate any grand idea, however beneficial it might promise to be at some future day (Hear, hear ). He held that, instead of the courts teeming with bankruptcy, distress in the cities and towns, and workmen wandering idly about the streets, this country ought to be the happiest on the face of the earth but taking the great bulk of the people, perhaps they were the most miserable ("Hear hear" and " No, no ) It was pitiful, he thought, to too the puerile attempts which were being made to write down the movement Alluding to Mr Lela and Langton's letter in that day h irons he contended that it was not true that Britain was a 1 roo trade nation She might approach nearer to it than any other nation, she might be able to throw aside the rumour she had worn and meet the world unarmed but would it be wise for the child to do the same as the man? Therefore he thought it well that the Go resident should look closely to the care of the child at present under its charge Kef owing to the Victorian tariff be observed with respect to cork, that the plain unwrought m title was admitted duty free, if out round, it had to pay so much per cwt , and, if made into ordinary corks, 8d per lb With respect to paper, bags were admitted duty free, but there was duty, oven on waste paper, of the pot lb, This showed that the Government looked not simply to revenue, but countenanced in some measure a Protectionist policy Therefore, if Free traders would look a little below the surface, they would find that not only was there in Victoria an approach to Protection. but they would not ask that the colony should follow in the steps of the mother waltz. . Present men may struggle through today, tat after colony w" wwto become A,olnírPrd '? '£ P°°,Pl<"""l>tsbornes, LL *u° s. were to be able properly to educate their children, and be content that here they might lay their bones, and also the bones of their posterity, Government must do something to Jiards protecting those trades and manufactures (Cheese) is on,P'0-'men- to Two People 1,"MLmKALB3' M h A . Saga he should content with by, Baïm. V"? few "words so short of the object of that meeting He thought the time has now come while the people of this colony were entitled to ask the Legislature for a uniform system of protection to native industry co X SA 1 WaS held "P U3 a tars country So far, lion over from that being the case, he believed that over. so called Freetrade atonement in England wS, m realize votes of movement in favour of those interests with which she was most closely identified (Hear, hear The principle of free trade as exemplified by the repeat of the Corn Laws was nothing more than a species of Protection' (Hear hear) In England there wasadutiMm every thing in proportion to the labour expended on (Hear hear) He had always" late on Lil and in the 1,1,1,1 of a huge v, workshop, an? of doubt as such she had well competed With all the workshops of the world (Hear ). The object of those who repealed the Corn Laws was to give land L 1mam,taCturi,í1e Population a cheap loaf and thereby allow the country the beat her to compete with the other Wshop, of the world (Cheers) I" dlustraC 0 ho fact that the English tariff was ft Iioiectno tank on the manufacture ' interests he would mention a few facts. The raw material for baskets was allowed into England free of duty, whereas manufactured basket? were charged at the rate of 4d. a foot. (Hear, hear.) The material for walking-canes was also admitted duty free, but the moment a little labour was expended on it a tax of (is. a cwt. was laid on. (Hear, hear.) Feathers in a raw state in are admitted free of duty, but once they were cleaned a protective duty of 3s. a lb. was levied. So with cotton, timber, and many other articles. (Cheers.) If, therefore, a protective duty was required for an old and established country like England; how much more forcible was the argument when applied to a young country like this? (Cheers.) With respect to the question of the education of the rising genera- tion, he might observe that that question had been attempted to be met by Mr. Langton, but that gentlemen had failed egregiously in doing so. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Langton said because a number of their boys were employed in huxtor ing newspapers and fruit, that therefore they could not educate or bring up their boys to trades. Such a future as that was not what any one at that meeting wished for his sons. (Cheers.) They wished to see their children occupy an honorable and useful position, and as such, they wished to see them brought up to some useful trades, t Cheers. ) He had been for many years connected with one particular trade in this colony, and to that trade he would address himself, as he believed it had received a blow which it would take years to recover from. (Hear, hear.) He had been a coachbuilder in this colony, and he had hoped to bring up one of his soul to that trade, but he was not able to do so, as there was not a coachmaker in the colony who felt himself justified in taking apprentices. (Hear, hear.) Now, he would ask, why were not many articles that could be produced in this colony made here, instead of being imported from foreign. markets? It was not because they could not be produced, but because there was such an un- certainly in business in this colony that no man felt hints if justified in _ investing a sufficient amount of capital in business to enable him to compete with the markets of the world. (Hear, hear.) no would give them a few figures in connection with the coach-building trade. During the last three years there were American buggies imported into this colony to the amount of £202,218, or an average of £07,400 a-year. Of that sum about one-half, or £33,703 a-year, was spent in labour-a sum which would have kept in constant employment during the three years 153 skilled workmen at £4 a-week each. (Cheers.) It was a notorious fact that during these three years there had been in this city hundreds of coach builders in abject poverty. (Cheers.) He did not think such a state of things as that told well for the present system. (Hear, hear.) Under protection those buggies, the average price of which was £130, could be produced in the colony for £90. (Hear, hear.) If, therefore, there were Protection in this article, every class would be benefited the man who produced and the man who consumed. (Cheers.) On the other hand the colony had to complain that its great product- gold-was taxed to the extent of 23s. an ounce, before it would be allowed to enter England in a manufactured shape. He would ask was it for revenue purposes that tax was laid on or was it not for the purpose of protecting the jewellers of Cheapside, who were always very loud in their clamours for Protection, and who had had a very fair share of it (Cheers.) He had always said he was either a Protectionist or an English Free-trader, as he did not think there was any difference in the terms. (Hear, hear.) What he contended for was that, inasmuch as the statesmen of Great Britain found it right to protect their own manufacturing interests, the people of this colony should have such protection for native industry as would in the end make the colony great and flourishing. (Cheers.) Under all these circumstances, he would ask was it not the object of that meeting to bring about a change that would have the effect of making the country more prosperous, and creating a better state of things than existed at present'!' (Cheers.) Mr willi vans supported the resolution. As a coachmaker, he could bear testimony to the truth of the statement of the hon. gentleman who had pi seconded him For himself, he had graduated in a Freetrade school, and was accustomed to associate himself with Free trade principles until Free trade took great liberties with him j Laughter ) When that came to pass, he found it was very desirable to change his opinions. (Hear, hear ). In the coach building trade the manufactures had gi early decreased since 1852 In that year there were 20 of stones, and in 1856, 2'), but since that time they had become less and less, in the face of a greatly increasing population (Hear, hear ). In England protective duties might be traced either to the fact that the Government wished to foster native industry, or to so create a revenue In either view of the case, the result was the same namely, to bring to a high state of perfection the peculiar manufactures of the country, and to establish them on a sound and solid foundation. (Hear, hear ) Again, there was no reciprocity in theo matters A carriage exported from this colony to the United States of America was charged a duty of 24 per cent, while a similar article sent to this country was admitted free of duty At piesonttheio was a large amount of 21 tiled labour engaged in the colony in inferior occupations, which, under a system of Protection, would be employed in such a manner as to esta- blish their manufactures on a solid foundation, and, by developing the resources of the country, offer inducements for the new hesitating emigrant to settle on these shores (Hear, hear ). It should be recollected that when goods were sold here at a loss no class gained anything, except the class that was engaged in c are lying these goods from shore to shore The merchants, therefore, were in favour of tho present state of things, because they were directly interested in the import trade (Hear, hear ) A good deal had been said with regard to apprentices, and on that subject he would observe, that in the present state of the manufacturing interest he did not feel himself justified in taking them, as in a more prosperous state he would (Hear) He would not occupy them further, but congratulate the country on the fact of so influential a meeting assembling in favour of a Protective policy. (Lteui, heir ) The Chairman then put the resolution, which was carried by a show of hands , one gentleman, and much laughter, raising his hand in dis- sent Mr Hill (Richmond) proposed the second resolution - "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the manufactures of foreign countries should not be allowed to enter this colony free of duty whilst the colonial workmen, who are taxed to support the revenue, are wandering about seeking em ] loyment in vain." to considered it was not right to import foreign produce while the people were starving (A voice.-" There are plenty of stones to break.") Protection, he contended, meant that a fair amount of duty should be put upon each manufactured article imported, so that the colonist might be enabled to compete properly with the foreigner. He complained that the members of the Convention did not advocate a Protectionist policy. (Mr. Don, who was sitting in the edge of the platform, denied this. The speaker complained that the majority of the Convention gentlemen at the last election did not make distinct declarations on the subject. (Cries of "Yes," and dissent.) He contrasted the state of America when governed by Free Trade policy with its condition under Protectionist rule, and gave a glowing picture of the benefits that might be expected to flow, in Victoria, from the imposition of a duty on all articles of foreign manufacture, and the total repeal of the duties on tea, coffee, sugar, and other necessaries of life. Protection, he asserted, followed nature; while Free Trade made men idle, dissolute, and everything that was had (A laugh.) The adop- tion of Protection, he admitted, might lead to high prices at first; but, with the most skilled labourers in the world, proper encouragement only was needed to ensure general prosperity, (Cheers.) Mr. M'Cann (Goolong) congratulated the meeting upon the presence of so many members of the Legislature, and expressed his conviction that the movement now started would receive the support of a majority in the present re- formed Parliament. _ He was opposed to every species of class legislation, and for that reason was a Protectionist. The system of Free Trade, as adopted by this colony, was class legislation, and of the worst kind. Wharves were made here for the benefit of the foreigner, who used them, and paid nothing towards their cost. Railways were being constructed at an expense of something like £8,000,000, simply for the benefit of the foreigner. According to the present ar- I rangement, the farmers around the gold-fields I sent their produce thither, and so found a good market. By means of the railways now forming, foreign grain would be sent up to the gold- fields at a iiominnichargo,{andtho farmers would be deprived of the protection they now enjoyed. If that were not class legislation, he should like to know what was. Again, it was said that there were certain classes whom Protection would not benefit. It was said that it would not benefit clerks in the Government employ. Why, there was a cry about cutting down their salaries. That was in the good times. But if there were good times again to-morrow there would be no occasion for that cry. He was for giving protection to all classes. The protection that he claimed for himself he would extend to other!. The protection claimed for the shoemaker 12 would have extended to the farmer. (Hear, hear.) Much had been said with regard to the opening of the lands, and attention had been called to America ; but, although that country prospered with the opening of the lands, what would she have been without Protection ? With regard to the question of taxation, he observed that additional revenue would be needed by the Government from some source or. another, and it could not come better than from protective duties on manufactured articles, which would lead to a re- distribution of taxation, and the repeal of duties on those articles which are consumed more by the working-class than any other. The result of this (would be general prosperity. Should, however, the present course of policy be persisted in, trade would decline, the number of skilled labourers would decrease, and 40 years hence there would be no tanners, curriers, or shoemakers among them. (A voice. " There will be a few stonemasons.") 2 That might be so, but even at that time, judging by present appearances, no buildingmightbenoeded. There were, however, abundant sources of wealth in the land, if but properly applied and properly protected timber, land, gold, wool. And forth from all these channels broke forth the cry which, as a native of the colony, he hoped would be duly attended to-" Protect our native industry." (Cheers.) Mr. Crowson replied to the observation of a preceding speaker on the subject of the Conven- tion mon not " coming out on the Protection question. Dr. Hunter, he maintained, came forward boldly on both questions. Mr. Sinclair, M.L.A., was glad to And so large and important a meeting assembled in favour of this principle, which he was happy to say he believed met with the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Legislative Assembly. (Hear, hear.) At the present moment there was a Select Committee of the Assembly sitting on this subject, which he hoped would report in favour of Protection. Whatever the report was, he intended giving his vote in favour of the principle. (Cheers.) He had not intended to speak at that meeting, and he had, therefore, no statistics to lay before them ; but he might observe that he would be most happy to join hands on that platform with Mr. Williams them-, hear) in carrying out this great principle which he had no doubt would tend greatly to the future well-being of this colony. (Hear, hear.) He could only say that he had tried nine years of Free-trade and he was now willing to try nine years of Protection, and he did not consider they could say which was the better system, until they had tried both. (Cheers? and laughter.) It had been said that the stone- masons did not wiiiiE Protection. He thought the gentleman who stated that was under a mistake. (Hear, hear.) He recollected that some time since, there was a proposition to send some £200,000 to Carrara tor marble. On that occasion the masons were with him to a man and when he called a meeting at the Theatre, Protection was declared to be the order of the day (cheers) and the projectors of that disgraceful piece of business were so denounced from the platform that the order for the Carrara marble was dispensed with. (Cheers and laughter.) If that order had been sent, skilled labour to the value of £200,000 would have been lost to the colony, at a time when the country itself abounded in stone of the most durable description. (Hear, hear.) He had not come there to speak, and he should not, therefore, do more than declare his intention to advocate the principle, and give his vote for protection to native industry on every occasion when the question came before him. (Cheers.) Mr. Don, M.L.A., who was received with loud cheers, said he wished to correct a misapprehension into which some speakers seemed to have fallen. There were two parties who it was said were not favourable to this movement. It had been stated that the number of gentlemen who were associated with himself in agitating for a thorough reform of the land system were opposed to this movement. That was a great mistake, as those gentlemen were nothing of the kind. (Cheers.) A very large proportion of the last Convention that met in that place were in favour of this movement (hear, hear) and he himself it was, who proposed a resolution, on the night the members were elected, for instructions to be sent to Melbourne, and which included in it the principle of Protection. (Hear, hear.) Again, it was said that the masons, seeing that a church could not be put into the hold of a ship, or stuck up upon the side of a hill (laughter), were opposed to Protection. The masons, on the contrary, had not only been in favour of Protection, but they had given a good example of how to obtain it by protecting themselves. (Cheers.) And he would tell the trades of Melbourne that if they would take the some course to protect themselves if they would show the same determination-the same powers of organisation (hear, hear-and the same ability to combine all their efforts into one as the masons and done-they would gain their point before the next 10 months. (Cheers.) When the Carrara marble was about to be brought here, what did the masons do ? They raised the popular voice against it to such an extent, that it rang and tangled in those men's ears who wanted to introduce it, that to this day Carrara marble started up before them at every turn like the Ghost of Hamlet's Father. (Cheers and laughter.) He would tell the people that, if they were in earnest about this Protection, they should not be afraid, as they should not fail of having the support of both the parties he had just mentioned (Hear hear.) For himself he wanted protection to native industry not to create a revenue, for he was quite sure the Government would take good care to put taxes for that purpose. (Hear, hear.) Indeed they might depend upon it the Government would never forget that part of their duty. (Laughter.) They would always secure as much money as they could wisely spend, and as much more as they could get. (Cheers and laughter.) What I wanted Protection for was to keep the people employed, and he would leave the taxing to the Government. (Laughter.) Was Richard Cobden, he would ask, a Free- trader' Ni Cobden was as much a Protectionist as he or any one else in that room, but he know the right way to go about it. (Hear, hear.) It was not the tenders that were in favour of Free-trade in England. It was where the population congregated in masses, and arose every morning at halfpast 5 to start that tremendous roll of machinery that clothed the world these were the men who required Free-trade, in order to enable them to compete with the foreign manufactures. (Hear Î In this country there was no Free-trade. It was free-trade to every one but themselves. (Hear hear.) The foreigners, who did not pay half the taxes, were allowed to send their goods here duty free. He wanted to equalise the game and to see those men made to bear a share of our burdens, the way to do which was to tax the goods before they came in. (Cheers.) In consequence of the present system skilled artizans were forced to labour at employments where no skill was required, and thus there was an amount of valuable labour lost to the colony that even in this thinly peopled country was to be counted by millions of money. (Hear, hear.) The motion' might be assured that, although some persons might have opposed the movement two or three months ago, they would not do so now. (Hear hear,) He had great pleasure in supporting the resolution, and he hoped before long to have the opportunity of supporting it in a place where his support would be of more effect. (Cheers.) Mr G. M. Stephen M.L.A., who was called for, said he came to the meeting more for the purpose of listening than talking, considering, as he did, that it wastes duty as a legislator to hear the sentiments of the public, in order that he might be better fitted to fight the battles that had to be fought in another place. But were he to say that he went to Parliament as a Protectionist, he should be unworthy of their an probation, He felt, although he had read much, particularly ignorant upon the subject. So many theories had been broached by writers that he had a difficulty in finding a safe or middle course. Therefore, he was anxious to discover, by attending to the wisdom of others, how he might lend a hand in improving their condition. He know many trades in the colony trades which ministered to the comfort of the wealth that might safely be protected, by making the wealthy pay for their luxuries He was prepared to say that there was no not cessity for importing the carriages and the furniture that were brought into this country. His only difficulty with regard to Protection was how to deal with the matter so as not to injure a large portion of the community. He referred to the mere labouring class who had nothing to protect - nothing but the hands that gained them their bread Of every 100,000 men in the ceW at least 80,000 had nothing to throw in the scale and how would increased prices affect them? This made him pause as to what would be safe i legislation and therefore he was prepared to go forth into Parliament, and hear dispassionately and calmly the various arguments that might be urged were i against a quf8ti(?n; At the one time he would inform them that if he could not go "the whole hog to use a colonial expression he should go as far on the road as he possibly could, in unison with the other gentlemen who had addressed them. (Cheers). Mr. Wilson Gray, who was also called for, begged the meeting to accept his presence as a proof that he sympathised with those who had addressed them, and that he was anxious to be acquainted with the facts upon which they had founded such large opinions in favour of? Protection. He referred to the statement which he made at the last election to his constituents it Rodney. He then pointed out that, owing to various circumstances, a deficiency in the revenue might occur, and that this could be made upon by by a general tax on all manufactured commodities imported. from" other matters arising from his intercourse vvM the people of Melbourne which pressed "upon his attention (1.0 told his constituents) was the way? of trades for the rising generation. He know if this W,mt,of time class or condition of trades! men who, took apprentices was caused by more circumstances than one not merely by the de rS0nM°f (tra.de but also the unsettled popu- lation- that a. tradesman was at Melbourne toXv 11\l!ÎM^end,S'? to-morrow Still reconsidered would be a wise arrangement if, by the impost tion of a general import duty, work could be given t . the unemployed man and trades, and settled 0 cupations placed within the reach of the rising g neration and thereby the general wealth of the country increased. (Hear, hear.) He re g itteel that some disparaging observations had been made with regard to another movement. He had no desire to force that movement upon their attention as against Protection or with a view to displace it but he would advise them, when seeking to secure protection for trade, to do nothing to debar themselves from the post session of property before they had grown old. In a new country, with a population over flowing into it and probably this protection movement might be an inducement to a large skilled population to come here-the land is perpetually increasing in value and therefore, he trusted that whatever they might do with regard to Protection, they would not recklessly strike a blow at the ether movement. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN was about to put the question, when a Mr. Hamilton, from the body of the meeting, announced that he had an amendment to propose.- He was invited and came to the platform, where he had no sooner enunciated the opinion that it was not wise to rush recklessly on change, . than he was saluted with cries of " The amendment," " the amendment." \- The C1IAIBSIA.N.-Gentlemen, if you will be kind enough to keep quiet, I will keep order. 1 Laughter-. 1 Mr. Hamilton then read his amendment which expressed disapproval of the imposition of protective duties, on the ground of their being exclusive and opposed to the spirit of the axe. He then proceeded, amidst much interruption, to show that Protection was inconsistent with the cosmopolitanism which the use of electric telegraphs and railways had produced, and that the changes proposed by the promoters of the meeting would be attended by any thing but the beneficial effects which were anticipated. These opinions were greeted with hisses and cries of " Oh " He's a paid agent,"'"" What's your trade ?" &c.; Mr. Thompson (Maidstone), from the back of the hall, protested against this conduct, and, forcing himself to the front of the platform, called loudly for " fair-play." The meeting, however, would not listen to the appeal, and Mr. HAMILTON had to give way, his amendment falling to the ground for want of a seconder. The resolution was then put and carried. The Chairman said the next part of the proceedings was to adopt a petition to the Legislative Assembly, embodying the foregoing resolutions, which would be road to the meeting by Mr. Jacob. (" No, no.") Mr. Jacob presented himself with the petition in his hand, but was received with a torrent of yells, hoots,"-and cries of "No Jacobs," "We won't have it from Jacobs." The uproar having continued for some minutes, Mr. Jacobs retired, and The Chairman read the petition, which prayed that the Legislature would " remove all duties from the articles of sustenance that do not compete with colonial industry, and auK import duties on those foreign productions that lessen the demand for labour in those occupations where the workmen need it? Mr. M'CULLA had much pleasure in moving the adoption of the petition. (Hear, hear.) He had been a Protectionist, not of two or three, but of 15 years' standing, and he could not forbear mentioning, that one hon. member present that evening, Mr. Carr, had so far back as the your 1853, issued an address advocating the propriety of protection to native industry. He did not want to tax any article that could not be produced in the colony; what he wanted was to encourage the people to produce, and so develop the resources of the country. It was said this was a retrogressive policy. He denied that it was (hear, hear)-and he would ask, what was it made England the country she was but Protec- tion? (Hear, hear.) England was on the very verge of insolvency when a Select Committee of the House of Commons recommended the adop- tion of Protection, and the encouragement of foreign artisans to settle in the country. (Hear, hear.) If they pushed this question, they should succeed. (Hear, hear.) Let them watch the opposition that would be given to it in the Assembly and they would find it would come from the capitalist and the merchant, both of whom were directly interested in importation. (Hear, hear.) He had much pleasure in moving the adoption of the petition. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sherwin briefly seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. 