YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION LECTURE ON EDWARD IRVING. __B sixth and last of a serleB of lecture« in connection With the Young Men's Christian Association was delivered yesterday evening hy tho Rev. W. Cuthbertson, at tho Hall of Temperance, the subject being " Edward Irving." "Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the hall -was quite full. Tho chair was taken by Sir Daniel Cooper, M.LA. Prajir having been offered by the Rev. S. Ironside, The Chairman briefly Introduced the rev. lectnrer, who was'about, he said, to give tbem an account of one who, whatever his failings, was a bravo min, and, he believed, a ttue Christian. He had no doubt that they would be all of the same opinion after hearine the lecturer. The Rev. W. CüTnrtBRTSOf commenod his leoturo by explaining why he had chosen as his subject Edward Irving-first because it was generally recognised that tho rame atid the example of the great man were a possession tt value, and that it behoved us, as far as possible, to de- fend that name; and secondly, because he believed that, from the life of Edward Ining lessons of the very highest order were to belearned. In the minds of many, the prinoipal , idea formed of Irving ivas that of heterodoxy ; there gathered around the name ideas of heresy, and with some of insincerity and hypocrisy. Believing that that was not a true or a full view of the life of that noble man, he wished, as far as his efforts conld accomplish It, to present what he considered to be a correct representation of his life mission. Edward Irving was born on the 15th of August, 1792, in a house that was still standing, in the little seaport and market town of Annan, situated on the north Bide and nearly at the top of that beautiful estuary tbe Sjlway Frith. His father wa« a tanner, and bad prospered some i ' what in bueiuobs ; he btid three sons and five daughters, Edward being the third son. The first regular school roaster that Irving bad waa Adam Hope, but hi«, great 1 toaelier after all was his father, and the greatest influence , -eierted on his youthful mind waa that of home. It was recorded that Irving waa more foad of field sports and .play than of books, though ho was still attentive ( "to the latter- The rev. lecturer here remarked upon the importance of home influence, and upon the great -potency wbioh the surrounding scenery and the general .tradition amidst which a youth was brought up, exercised in the formation of character. How important it waa, therefore, to live In a land that bad noble traditions as to what was heroic and beautiful In character-both indivi- dual and national. Ining's fondness for solitary rambles and his love of visiting spots consecrated by patriotic or Presb) terian traditions, hi« love of the memories of the old Covenanters, and his pride in the religious llfo of Sootland, were then severally noticed. In his school days he showed an aptitude for and love of arttbmetio and mathematics. Io proper time he was sent to the University of Edin- burgh, and there ho so excelled In mathematics as to besóme the favourite pupil of Pro'essor Leslie. Through the influence of the latter he was appointed mathematical teacher at an Academy at Haddington, being then in tis seventeenth year. Abont tbls period, an important event occurred in his life . he formed an acquaintance with Thomas -Curl)le. At eighteen living was advanced to the reotor ' chip of an academy at Kirkaldy, the town in which Adam Smith was born, and here be oontinued seven 'jears. Long before ttaU period had elapsed Irving bad determined to devcto himself to the , work of the mlni.try. While at Kirkaldy was completed the probation necessary for Irving to become a lioentlate of the Church of Scotland. Here, too, he be- came betrothed to hm future wife, Isabella, daughter of the Rev. Mr. Martin. The rev. lecturer then introduced a few partlcnlais descriptive of Irving'« status and ap- pearance at that time. Irving waa now nearing his thirtieth jear, but Btlll no call had come to him from Prtsbytery or patron. As had been said, he was dowered with the double curse of originality and independence. Mentally ho had lived in high communion with such great writers as Chrysostum, Jeremy Taylor, Hooker and other*. Sj exclusive had been his intercourse with these princes of thought, that be had come to regard his contemporaries in the pulpit, with tho great exception of Chalmers, na moa too weak to Bway in any wortoy manner the soeptro of rule entrusted to their hands. Tbls feeling, which he In no wise attempted to conceal, powertully operated to pre- vent him becoming a minister in the Charon of Sootland, which, with «li its faults, he bo dearly loved. It would appear that in the spring of 1819, Irving, despairing of a settled charge at home, determined to beoome a mis- sionary. Filled with a spirit of Christian ohivalry, his ?powerful, though perhaps morbid Imagination, lending peculiar charm to the poetic view of missionary work at that time »o prevalent he resolved, without purse and without scrip, to become a preacher of Christ throughout the length and breadth of Persia. To qualify himself, he became deeply versed in the study of the Oriental lan Snagel ; for, to use hi« own word«, rejected, " by the vin?, be communed with the dead." A parallel wa» now di awn between the cases'of Robert Burns and Edward Irving in respect of the settled purposes of each being, at a particular juncture in their careers, diverted, In the o.ie ease by the interposition of Dr. Carrie, in the other by that ot Dr. Andrew Thomson. Irving had on one occa- sion preached for Dr. Thomson while Dr. Chalmers was S resent, but lie did net hear what impression he bad pro uced upon bis great auditor. Determinad to keep up his missionary parpóse, he travelled through the weat of Scotland, to take leave of the country ; and we could well understand hi» feelings as he journeyed through the land \- so -rich to him of all that was beautifal In nature and grand in association ; for we, who had most of us taken a hut sad look of the country of our birth, must have had the ' . »»me feelings, and could understood how true and devoted tbe man's heart mast have been who could determine to t Jeave all, amidst his own consolons strength and power, to become a missionary to the heathen. Irving determined to go from Greenock to take farewell of different parts of Scotland. The steamboat into which he stepped from the \- -quay at-Greenock was going in another direction, how- ever, and though the piddles had turned, he Bprung ashore. Facing the wharf in disgust, ho resolved < to embark in the next boat wherever she might be going. He did so, and was taken to Belfast. He wandered for two or three week» over the north of Ireland, sleeping in the hot» of the peasantry, and seeing Irish life in all its i light« and shadows. At Coleraine he was reo tiled by n . .letter from bis father, enclosing one from Dr. Chalmers, requesting his immediate presence in Glasgow. When ha Arrived there he found the Doctor had gone to Fifeshire, and he was again on the point of giving np the matter when Dr. Chalmers returned and told him he desired him for his assistant. " I am most grateful to you, Sir," wm , the characteristic reply ; " but I must also bo somewhat . acceptable to your people. I will preach to tbem, If you think fit; but if they be ir with my preaching, they will be the first people that have borne with it." He did preach to the Doctor's people, and was forth- with appointed assistant minister of St John's, GUsgow. ¥or more than two years did Irving continué associated with Dr. Chalmers. There were contradictory accounts of the degree of acc'ptaice which Irving obtained in his honourable but dilficult position ; but the great probability was, that though his preaching did not obtain unanimous v acceptance, he gradnally came to be recognised as a man only second to Chalmers In the Scottish pulpit and as his . fame extended, ha bacame more cordially loved. The -question here presented iittelf- what was the work which Irving as a Christian minister set before himself ; in other words, what were his ideas of the Christian priest ? First, there was his own spiritual life to be maintained, near to -God, a life of faith and realisation of the unseen. From this would spring noble daring in his ministerial capaoity, ; and the maintenance of perfect integrity amidst all eccle- siastical temptations. Such was his high view of the mental powers necessary for the fall discharge of the ministerial duty, that while he said and considered that to tbe minister nothing was so dear as the heart's blessing Of the poor, he felt pained to think that from weakness mnd incapacity in the pulpit the literature, and, to a large extent, the godless literature, of that day should be able from its haughty eminence to look down with scorn upon what he conceived to be the mental and spiritual nourish- ment not of babes and children merely, but of men of tbe noblest intellect and highest genius To him Heaven and Hell were not mere words, but truths of the deepest importance, so that whilst he thundered against godlessness and infidelity in every form, and as they were found in every rank, in no part of bis work was hi» large heart more thoroughly engaged than in preaching the Gospel of Christ to those who sat lu darkness and ia the shadow of death. It was while Irving was his assistant that Dr. Chalmer» commenced that practioal experiment in ecclesiastical and political economy which made bl» name more honoured in Glasgow than the name of any < other man, and whioh stood forth as one of the noblest attempt» of the present age, to develop the ^spiritual life of the Christian Church. Irving, as might be supposed, waa his zealous fellow-labourer. Though deeply loved by Chalmer» and admired by nun tired» in Glasgow, Irving still at times longed for a mis- sionary enterprise. But nowa new sphere)opeaed to him, and the one where especially be won his rame Irving gave the following account of the event ;-" Well do I remember the morning when, as I »at in my lonely apirt _u»t meditating the arcertainty of a preacher's calling, and revolving in my mind purposes of missionary work, a stranger stepped lu upon my musing, and opened to me the commission with which he had been charged." This was to Invite Irving to preach in the almost deserted Cale- donian Church, in Cross- street, Hatton-garden. Aboat Christmas, 1821, Edward Irving went np to London to make trial and proof of his gifts before the remuant of a congregation which »till held together. He was liked, and an Invitation wa« given him to remain. To show tbe deter- mination of the man and his power of work, it might be «toted that the chapel wa« in con- nection with an institution oiiied the Caledonian Asylum, and enjoyed a small parliamentary grant as a portion of the preacher's stipend. Bat it wai a condition of this endow- ment that the minister should be able to preach in Gaelic. Irving »aw no difficulty in this, and proposed to acquire the language where it yet flourished as the vernacular. >But the Duke of York, as President or the A«yluiu, had ¿heard the preacher during bia probation, and by his mil l ^nee, the obsolete condition was dispensed with. Irving was then duly ordained according to the law of the Scottish Cb,-»b, in Annan parish Charon, the church in wbioh he vastbsptlsed, and his first aot as an ordained miaister was the administration of the Lord's Sapper to the flick of Or. Chalmer«, which Irving recorded a« a singular honour, Glasgow bring never fur sot; the perfect beau y of ita sur- rounding scenery, the Clitvoti whose devotion, aul the people w})p«e «-»nts shaped h;«. strong oonoeptiona of his i own office, were ever dear to him ; nor did Glasgow forset him. By the poor his memory was long oherlshod, and In the lanes and alley»-the wyn da and aloses-In thara oven to this day his name w»s pronounced with roverenos and regret. Towards London his face was now tnrneel, und while his tender heart sictied for the old association« in past broken for ever, he felt within hlru the cor.Rclouineis of strength and power, and above all tli.it, he tris endowed with the fatherhood of an all-loviug Being that mado him eager to be a herald of the CroBS in that great and terrible city. It was en the second Sunday of July, 1822, that Irving entered on his new ministry ; an Immediate sensation was oreated by his settlement in London. In the first eiuarter it was recorded, the seat holders at the Caledonian Asylum Chapel, had incroisod from fifty to fifteen hundred. A little later, and the rank and Intellect of the land were crowding thor» 8unday after Sunday. Among his audienoe were to be seen Piinces of the blood, Ministers of State, tho leaders In St. Stephen's, philosophers, critics, oratora, and poets. Beauty lent ita charm and gave its inspiration ; tho bar and the church were fully represented lu the magnificeMit throng, and there swayed by Imperial power thoy forgot to criticise. The min who calmly confronted that splen lid multitude was ne>t one whom the greatest in Intelloot amongst them conld treat with impertinence or conte'itpt. Ho was no mouthing orator, mumbling forth his dead formulas, as meaningless as lils heart was cold, but a Christian minister worthy of standing side by side with the prinocs of the pulpit of the seventeenth century. Tono buffoonery did he descend, for his sense of the sacredness of his ollloe was far too deep to permit of that Reverence filled his mighty sonl, and he rightly thought it his highest honour and greatest privilege to lay ou the altar of the Master whom he loved all the gifts that that Master had bo readily be- stowed. Oh any Sabbath morning, within the Caledonian Chapel, could be seen the men of greatest fame tbroughont broad England-tin« mighty matter of sarcaBtlo oratory, and powerful leader of the Parliamentary Opposition, Brougham, never tired of listening to the orator for God ;-the speaking face and noble forehead of his great rival, Canning, were frequently beheld. There, too, were often seen, the rising states- man, Peel,—Plunkett, who had nobly bled for tho spiritual freedom of his native land,—Denman,-and the still greater Macintosh ;—and Wilberforce found in the broad and generous thinking of this fervent ambassador for Christ much that taught him still more clearly, the beauties of practical Christianity. Bentham came to hear his system of utilitarianism denounced in tones of thunder and in thoughts that breathed. Godwin likewise came to listen, and that strange man, William Hazlitt, who, as he himself said, he had forgotten what the inside of a church was like, went, week after week, to hear one whose noble earnestness was a constant rebuke of his own want of a life mission, and who put forth in no digressionary way, critical views of tho leading poets of the day, in language as beautiful, and with taste as fine as that of the great critic himself. Aid above all, was seen the venerable head, and temple-like forehead of the wondrous Coleridge. At his feet Irving sat as a disciple, and the fine eyes of tho "old man eloquent" must often have moistened with tears of joy to hrnr the views which himself had elaborated In his solitary musing«, and which had been called from the depths of his nature, uttered with all the grace and power of his oratory, and with all the earnestness and solemnity of a Christian priest. Nor did Irving fear to denounce the politicians of the day. He waged eternal war against political expediency. And it was something for the Christian man to think of with joy and gratitude, that in a London sanctuary there was found one man bold enough and true enough to the mission of his Master to hurl the prophet's woe ! against all insincerity and sin, in high places, and rebuke with a fidelity which became a descert dant of Knox-titled beauty that lived amidst vanity and frippery, at>d statesmen who wielded the destiny of the mightiest nation on the earth. Irving had string cor.victiona of his own o≪ to a special work. Ho believed himself the equal of the literary aristocracy of London, and constantly proclaimed that he hail been sont to preach of righteousness to the irreligious great-to tho talented and influential. lu carrying out this view he claimed for himself the right to discuss topics not fro ejuently listened to in our pulpits, and exprojsed his belief that one cause of the weakness of the ministry of His age arose from the false limitation or the teaching of the gospel. Nor did the "personnel" of the mau in any way obstruct his mission to the learned and the powerful, SB he stood the central figure of the mass that surged round bim. All confessed that lu him nature had given assurance of a man. Of stature lofty beyond that of most, of form at oecb graceful and powerful, his brow betokened fine capability, his eyes gave to his counte- nance a wild and startling look, in lurmony, however with his swarthy complexion and the dark locks that fell in profusion on his shoulders. In the pulpit ha was dignity itself, but it was not the assumed dignity of the mere aetor, but the grave dignity of one who felt there was laid upon him a mighty burden. His voice-that finest of all Instruments-wa« one of the noblest organa ever possossed by a speaker. All testimony concerning him agrees in this. Dr. Cumming declared that no musical treat could excel hearing Irving repeat the Lord's prayer. His voice was deep and clear, and capable of the greatest modulation. The prophet's burden was rolled out in befitting tonos of thunder which shook and moved every soul within its power ; and the glad tidings of tho Gospel of Peace were expressed in cadences soft and melodious ai the whisperings of'love. Generally he was sparing of action In the pulpit, but when the subject demanded nothing coull be more expressive and better in keeping with the place and matter than the attitudes of the great orator. Terhaps the true secret of his power lay in what has often been remarked upon-his extraordinary gift of prayer. Gilfillan said, "Some few of his contemporaries might equal him in preaching ; none appro iclied to the very ham ot his garment while wrapt up with the heaven of devotion. It (track you na the prayer of a great being conversing with God." At the end of a few months, Irving was married at Kirkaldy. Though one loved to think of Irving in his power swaying the thousands of all classes that listened to his voice, one loved BtiII more to think that ambition and human applause had not cast out of his flse sonl all those spiritualities of feeling and of love, that he, the mighty one, felt the need of sharing a true woman's heart, and that he found in the sacred privacy of home, and amid the dear amenities of his own hearth, the pleasnra and peace which palled not. Exactly twelve months from Irving's settlement at the Caledonian Church, ap- peared a volnme from his pen, entitled, " For the oracles of God; Four Orations; For Judg- ment to come, an argument, in nine parti." The book was composed of dUeourses which bad been delivered In the re£Ular course of his ministry, andr tained the style, though not the forms of the oral address It «as true the general verdict pronounced upon this book waa on the whole unfavourable to the literary and intellectual power of Irving. Remembering, however, the circumstances amid which it wa« composed, the little time Irving had for thorough preoaratlon, as one read the hook and noticed passages not nu frequently fnll of noble thought, and set forth with exquisite beauty, oae felt reluctance to join in the cry that the book was entirely unworthy of him. A Btyle modelled as Irvlrig's style was, upon the antique-was no doubt when tried by the highest literary standard, verbose. The thinking, too, might In some places be too thinly beat ont. Still after all, when one had finished the orations and completed the argument, he was forced to confess, that ia our day at least few more worthy volumes had borne on their title page the name of a Christian minister. Immediately on its appearance Journalists of all kinds and qualities passed their verdict upsn it ; and though in 1823 there were serious matters atoot in the land, Irving's little venture had its dee »hare of attention. A lengthy controversy was caused by the strictures of the PresB. Pamphlet followed pamphlet, and rejoinder rejoinder, until, as we might fancy, the public must have become fairly tired of criticism on the qualities of the ontions and their author. The next event which wa« generally noted In Irving's public life was the delivery and publication of a sermon preached in 1824 for the London Missionary 8oolety, In Tottenham Court Chapel. The fame of Irving was then at it« zenith, and so early was the immense edifice filled while thousands could not find admission, that prayers were read an hour before the time advertised. Taking for his text the account of Jesus sending forth the seventy, Irving argued that our Lord's directions to them to make no provision for their maintenance, but to Beek out the worthy and accept only their hospitality, were not designed exclusively for the first disciples, but were of perpetual obligation upon all who engaged in the missionary work ; and this representation he followed to Its practical result, boldly asserting the imperfection of the institution Or which he pleaded. Twelve months after the delivery of the sermon it appeared in print with an epistle dedloatory to Samuel Coleridge. These views were immediately attacked by revWwers in the religious journals, and a powerful attempt was made to refute thom in an expostulatory letter bv the Bev. W. Orme, «eoretary to the London Missionary Society. This sermon, from which there was not now time to quote, contained passages all but unequalled by any sermons published in this cen- tury ; it must suffice to say, that Irving's views, while they have been recognised as expressing in its fulness the great buth of self-sscrlfloe-the very essenoe of the religion of sorrow-were admitted even by his admiren to exolude too thoroughly the elements of a prudential wisdom. The dedication of this sermon reminded ns of his acquaintance with Coleridge-an acquaintance whioh had a powerful in- fluence on his future procedure. The old man lived at this time with his friends, the Gillman'«, on Highgate Hill ; and there, Surrounded by Bach men as Irving and John Sterling, Hare and Carlyle, Maurice and Trench, Mill and Buller, he discoursed on all subjects in monologue with a brilliancy and profundity unequalled in his day. No one with the slightest acquaintance with the literary tendencies of the present age could fail to see the powerful impress which they bore of the genius of Coleridge. To him with his simple childlike heart. Irving gave all the devotion of a disciple, - and from this time were often heard from that pulpit of power, distinctions, and reasonings, which first had been thoughts from the lips of the wizard philosopher. It might here be remarked that his popularity, increased rather than diminished ; the spiritual home of his people was felt to be too small, and it was resolved that a new and beautiful sanctuary should he raised for Irving in Regent's Square. About this time, Irving also had a contest with the Bible Society concerning the Apocrypha, against the Incor- poration or which with their copies of the Bible-, Scot land rose as one man. Irving endeavoured to come in as a mediator; but like many who interfere in quarrels, pleased neither side. Some time previously, he had met In company, Batley Frere, a man of good family, a id the author of a somewhat novel scheme of prophetical interpretation. This gentleman eagerly seized the opportunity of expounding to Irving his views of the present times, as, foretold in the Book of Daniel and the Apocalypse. Irving at first opposed to the scheme of Interpretation laid before him, wrote In a dedication to Mr. Frere, -'I had no rest in my spirit until I waited upon you and offered myself as your pupil to be Instructed in prophecy, according to your ideas thereof." He now declares the Apocalypse was not . pro phetic narrative in chronological order, nor yet a series of disconnected visions, both of which views are now pretty generally held by theologians. With the majority of Protestant expositors also, he identified the anti-Christ or Babylon tho Great with the Papacy, and interpreting its duration as 1260 years, fixed on 1793 as the end of the great strength of that power. But he went further. He taught that by the six vials were symbolized the French consulate and empire, the thorough decadence of the Church of Rome and the Ottoman Empire, the near ap- proach of the battle of Armageddon, the second advent of our Lord, and the inauguration of tho Millenial period. Exposition of tho Book of Revelation now beoame the staple of his preaching, and it showed there was some- thing wrong when he all but forsook the inspired words of the Apostle of Faith and the Apostle of Love, for the visions of the seers of Chaldea and Patmos. Tho rev. lecturer proceeded briefly to allude to the bitter contra- versy which then arose respecting our Lord's human nature, though it was on the ground of alleged heresy on that point that the Presbytery of Annan deposed Irving from the office of the Sacred ministry. The point at issue, according to Irving himself, was, " Whether Christ's flesh had the grace of sinlessness and incorruption from its proper nature or from the indwelling of the Holy Ghost." Ho said the latter. His (the rev. leoturor's) own belief was that Irving was wrong, and they were right who con- tended that the nature of Jesus was exempt from the taint of hereditary sin. Though at first sight tho differ- ence might appear comparatively slight, further thought showed his important bearing on the doctrine of tho atone- ment. We came now to speak of that with which Irving's name wsb most commonly associated, the Gift of Unknown Tongues. This extraordinary spiritual phonomenoa orl« ginaled with a family called Macdonald, residing at Port Glasgow, on the Clyde. Tbe gift was said first to have descended on one of the daughters. It was on a Sunday evening, about the end of M ireh 1830. that, according ti the believers in the miracle, through her the gift of Bpeaking with tongues wa« restored to the church. Rumour soon carried the astounding intelligence through- out the religious world, but nowhere found any more ready to believo than Edward Irving and his flock. He had already bogan to despair of the world's couverais» by the ordinary methods of evangelisation, and, with his viows of our Lord's second advent, was quite prepared to receive supernatural manifestations os a prelude to the sublime ovent Moreover, the state of affairs oa tbo Con- tinent, and the terrible plague brooding for the first tiaio over England, disposed many to credulity. An elder from the Church was sent down to Scotland to luvestigate the matter, who reported favourably, and who was »aid to bave found on his return the tongues of iltme sitting on lils omi wife and daughters. For a time, in Irvlng's Onuroh the thing was kept as private as possible ; but In tho autumn, piayer meotings wero hold at the church in Regent-square, at half-past six In the morning, during which' exhortations in tho tongues were frequent. On Sunday morning, October the lGt.li, a femalo rose ia the open congregation, and burst forth in utterance. Nearly two thousand person» Bprung np la alarm, but were calmed by the preaolier, and in the oveniug still greater excitement waa produced by a malo member of the ChHrch, who also declared he had a message from God. In a week all London rung with tbo strange tidings, and many, who up to this time had re- garded Irving as God's mightiest champion in the groitost but wickedest city in the world, now feared, either that his fine brain was lighted with the fire of insanUy, or that he was about to add to the numbers of viottms who had succumbed to tho demon of fanatioiaui. It was pilnful to trace the course of events In the cireerofthis dolailon, though cue loved to remember that Irving himself w is too great and too upright ever to claim for himself the gift of tongues, undoubtedly he believed in tho manifesU tions with all his soul ; he could not lend himself to a lie, but to the day of his death be confessed tbe power bad never been granted to himself. While members of nearly all religions communities wero excited by these thing«, Irving, at the urgent request of many friends, contributed a series of articles to " Fraser1« Magazine," entitlei " Tract» connected with the Recent Manilestatioas of Spiritual Gifts." No one could read these papers without being struck with thoir calm strength of thought and the finished beauty of their stylo ; and they weat far toexplala how it came to pass that several clergy nea or all denomi- nation», and Borne of the most spiritual of the laity, de- clared themselves converts to the defence and exposition of Irving. Now came the question ; how were we to ex- plain all tbls ? Were we to take the explanation hinted, rather than fully expressed, by Carlile, in what had ever seemed the niOBt beautiful and touching threnody, or funeral song to be found out of the book of God,-his paper on tbe death of Edward Irving. Carlyle wrote. " By a fatal chance Fashion cast her eye oa bim as on some Impersonation of novel Cameronlaulsm, some wild product of Nature from the wild mountains; Fashion crowded ronnd him with her meteor lights and Baojhlb dances ; breathed her foul incense on him, intoxicating, , poisoning. One may say that it was his own nobleness that forwarded such ruin ; the excess of hi» sociability and sympathy of hlB nature for the sufferings and sympathies of men. Syren Bon gi, as of a new moral reformation (sons of Mammon, and high sons of Belial and Beelzebub, to become sons of God, and tbe gum flowers of Almaoks to bo made living roses in a new Edon), bound In the inexperienced ear and heart. Most seductive, moist delBBlve ! Fashion weat ber idle way to gaze on Egyptian crocodiles, Iroquois hunters, or what else there might be ; forget this man-who, unhappily, could not in his turu forget. Toe intoxicating poison bid been swalloired; no force of natural health could cast it out Unconsciously, for most part in deop unconsciousness, there was now the impossibility to live neglected ; to walk on the quiet paths where alone it is well with us. Singularity must henceforth succeed singularity. Oh, fouleit Ciroean draught thou poison of popular applause ! madness is in thee and death ; thy end ia bedlam and tbe grave. For the last seven years Irving, forBaken by the world, strove 'either to recall it or to forsake it ; shut himself up lu a lesser world of ideas and persons, and lived Isolated there. Neither In this was there health ; for this man such isola- tion was not fit, sack Ideas, such persons." So wrote Irving'» gi eat friend, yet be (the rev. lecturer) confessed the theory did not satisfy bim. True, terribly true, every word written therein concerning the fiery baptism of popularity, poor Irving had to suffer ; trae, likewise, all that waa implied concerning the weakness and deceitl'nlness. of the human heart, yet surely Irving was too thoroughly the man, and too sincerely the servant of the Lord, to be so completely dethroned by any passion for applause. No, no, we mast go deeper for the explanation. Wo must beheld Irving sighing over a churoh that seemed to have lost hold of the sublime doctrine of the abiding Spirit in the Church of Christ j we must look upon bim as he pondered the statement of our Lord, that His own pre- sence on eartb would not b> so blessed to His Churon as the gift he would bestow in sending the Comforter ; we must listen to his prayers as he agonised with the Father, that He would make bare His own arm among his people ; and if at the same time we bore in mind Irving'» imaginative nature and love of the Indefinite, we mast be led to a conclusion more honourable to tbe man and truer to that wild but noble nature than that proffered us by the Chel- sea philosopher. Of coarse these things coald not be pasged over In silence by the London Presbytery. No religious communion, disapproving of such proceedings and possessing any powers of discipline, could permit him to continue in Its recognised ministry. Whether absolutely he WBB right or wrong, it is certain his preseat views were not in harmony with the preaching ot toe Church of Scotland. In March, 1832, a complaint of irregularity wa« pre- ferred »gainst him to the Presbytery of London by soma of the truBtees of the ohuroh in Regent-square, Tne ootn plalnt contained fire specifio allegations, the essence of whloh was, that the Rev Edward Irving permitted and encouraged unauthorised interruptions of the public ser- vices of the church on the Sabbath day. The rev. lecturer here gave a brief narrative of the trial, wnioh ended in a unanimous vote of deposition. Twelve months from this time Irving was cited to appear before the presbytery of his native town (Aunan), on a charge of heresy. The heresy was the doc- trine be he.d of our Lord's human nature. Until the presbytery whloh ordained him deposed bim, he continued a minister of the Church of Scotland. This wa», perhaps, the greatest trial Irving ever had to endure. In his de- fence he pat forth all his power. Standing in the church where he was baptized and ordaiaed he de- livered a speech not to be read without tears, and wbioh was unequalled In the sacred oratory of the preseat oentury. | As we all knew, hi« defenoe availed not-he was deposed. But the peasantry of Scotland dearly loved him ; and when excluded from the pulpits, they gathered in thousands on the wild moor, or in the market-place, or by the way-side. Never had he been bo popular. To quote the word» i of his latest biographer, "Cast out by Boole» slaitlcs from their consecrated brotherhood he appealed to' the Christian commonality for countenance and audienoe. So Learty was their response that he made memorable the places where he stood. In all those places, after the lap.a of twenty year», be wa» reverently and aU'eotlonately re- membered, his predictions were recalled, his denunciations were repeated ; above all, bia loving words were cherished. At thi» day the ploughman would stop ia the farrow within sight, perhaps, of a co vena« ter'« grave or the poet's home, to tell the «r>j inner how be heard Irving preach from a cart ; how be shook his little bible at the kirk ; and how there has been no man like him for preaohing the goBpel to the poor. The lecturer then at same length detailed the rise and progress of w h Irvinglsm, beginning from the period when the Irviugltes eccnpied a buildiug lu Gray's Inn Road, to the ordination of Irving as angel over the ohuroh at Albury. It »ppsared that Irving never was appointed an apostle, wbioh seemed a proof of his profoundly sincere belief in tbe really divine character of these utterances, though those greatly his inferiors were, In the early spring of 1834, Irving was sent in the capacity of a prophet to torm a church at _dln burgh ; this be executed with his ubutl decision and sureties. 1» September ho was again seat into hi« natlfo land as a prcphe_- to proclaim w-e unless there wah unive-rfal repet- tanoe. Travelling through Hereford shire and into Wales, his health waa somewhat improved by the exercise, but when he reaohed Glasgow be had to write to his friends-"The hand of the Lord is still upon me." From the beginning of December he rose no more Pom his bed. His last words, they said, were,-" In life and in death I am the Lord's ; amen, amen !" On Monday, December 8th, Irving had pns»ed awav. He was buried where he fell. In the north aislo of Glasgow Cathedral orypt a plain bliok slab marked tho resting plaoo of one of Scotland's noblest sons. As he descended, dnst to dust, might have been said of him, what was said of Knox, " Here Iles the man who never feared the face of man," and the words of one of his earliest friends might havo been written on his tomb " Edward Irving's warfare has closed : if not in victory, yet in invincibility, and faithful endurance to the end. Oi e of tho noblest natures-a man of antique herola natnre, in questionable modern garniture, whioh ho conld not wear. But for Irving I had never known what the communion of man with man means. His was the freest, brotherlieBt, bravest human soul mine ever came in contact with : 1 call bim, on the whole, the best man I lia\o ever, alter trial nnougb, found In this world, or now hope to find. The voice of our ' sou of thunder,' with its deep tone of wisdom that belonged to all artlcula'e rpeaking ages, has gone silent so soon. Closed are thoso Ups. The largo heart, with Its largo bounty, where wretchedness found coincement, and thoy that were wan- dering in darkness the light na of a home, has passed. Tho strong man can no moro ; beaten on from without, undermined from within, he must sink over wearied, as at nightfall, when it was yet but the mid-Beaion of day. Irving was forty-two and some months old; Scotland Bent him forth a Hercnlean man ; our mad Babylon wore him and wasted hir% with all her engines, and it took her twelve years. He sleeps with his lathers in that loved birth-land ; Babylon, with its deafening Inanity, rages on ; bot to him henceforth innocuous, unheeded-forever." The rev. lecturer then proceeded to gather np some of the lessons of the Ufa. First-here was a true man—a man in a Christian pulpit. Witlings sneered at the Christian priesthood ; and no gibe was more common than the weakness of professing Christians. But here was one to whom none dare deny strength, a man who might have been great in bo many ways, as statesman, or warrior, or the greatest actor the world ever saw. But taught in that humble Scottish home, and led by a voice mightier than man's, with child Uko love and truBt, he laid all his rich gifts ou tho altar ef the Lord, like Paul, only asking-" Lord, wuat wilt thou have mo to do? Next was notlcod the Important truth, that no gifts of intellect or genius could save from error. The rev. lecturer then held up to the admiration of his audience the heroism, sacrifice and perseverance with which Ining clavo to the truths he believed Opposition of every kind was bronght to stop bim in his cartier- the warnings of friendship-the pleadings of love-vlsionB of greatness in the Church which lie loved,-the mockery of fools,-the sneers of the worldly wise ; but all beat upon him in vain. Ile was like tho rook amid the waves, unmoved. And surely, while deploring «hat one believed to be his error?, cold must be the heart whioh could not ad- mire tho mar!}r-like spirit of this ministor of Christ. Lastly was noticed, the posthumous power of Irving in the Church «bien was generally called by his name. The rev. lecturer concluded with a ' resumo"' of Irving's life, glancing back to his brave boyhood, his successful career in Edinburgh Unitersity, lils want of success as a proba- tioner of the Churob, his missionary pnrpase, hi« working with Dr. Chalmers, his carr}tug London by storm ; and finally, the setting amid clouds and darkness of this ra- diant "son of the rooming"-breathing the prayer of Ining's friend,-" Might we meet where twilight has become day !" The rc\\. gentleman was greeted with prolonged ap- plause cn resuming hit seat. Tho ln> Jons Htm, In moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Cuthbertson for his lecture, said, that the character of Irving had been placed before them In its true and proper light, and had buen ably vindicated from tho base accusa- tions which had been, through ignorance or malevolence, cast upon it. Ile (the ltev. J. Keid) hid keon personally acquainted with Mr. In leg, and had al way b oansldered him a great and good man. Mr. A. M'Abtiiub, M.L.A, seconded the resolution, which wa« carried by acclamation. A Mite of thanks waa also given to the chairman, which was reBjionded to by air Daniel CoorKit, The proceedings closed with the doxology and the bene- diction. , 