YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETIES. Amongst the various objects of Young Men's Associations, none contribute more to the instruc tion and improvement of the rising generation' tban those ^rhose efforts are devoted to the' teaching of the Christian Doctrine. For these pious associations contribute most effectively towards the imparting 'of sound Christian infor mation to the youth of their respective societies, aild we see how come of those teachers of the catechism, become, in time, also ministers of re ligion as in the case of the Rev. Mr. Leonard, no'w on his Way out to labour in the archdiocese of Sydney. We insert the following interesting extract from a Dublin paper giving an account of tbe, proceedings of bis former fellow teachers in the Christian Doctrine Confraternity * — Present ATioN to'tIie rev. thomas 'LEoNAiib. A 'numerous and influential meeting of the ' Christian Doctrine Confraternity was hald in the Church of 'the 'Ciirrhelites, Whitefriar stre'et, for the purpose of making a presentation and adopting an address to the Rev. Thomas' Leona'rd previous to his departure for Sydney. The reverehd and much Ves'pected gentleman had been for many years previous to his entering upon b,is ecclesiastical studies an active, zealous, arid highly esteemed member of the society which now assembled to o'ffer him the cordial 'tribute of their affectionate regard. The chair was occu pied by the Rev. Dr. Spraft. A beautifully bound set of tbe Roman Kreviary an9 an address were presented. It was signed by the president, members of 'committee, and all 'the officers of tlie society. Mr. M/i)onagh, who read the document, ad dressing the Rev. Mr. Leonard, said — Rev. Sir. we take this opportunity of tbe short time left, before the space between us and a distant hemis phere intervenes to separate you from those who treasure fondly tbe recollection of your early years, and with sincere pleasure trace your pro gress from the scholar ti- the teacher, and the priest of God. It is with happiness we view you on that eminence which your constancy and virtue earned and attained. These pleasing thoughts crowd upon us as we come to bid you adieu, previous to your departure for your distant mission. As a slight memorial of our sincere affection you will be pleased to accept tbe humble offerings we now make to you. We fondly hope they will awaken those feelings so racy of our native land, and brighten for you tbe memory of the happy hours you spent in this sacred temple dedicated to the Immaculate Mother of Mount Carmel, and in which you, with us, were edified with such devotional zeal, that it might be fancied the curtain of time was withdrawn, and .we be held religion as it was in the mediaeval ages in its pristine glory. Rev. Sir, we, your early associates, the teachers of the Christian Doctrine Confraternity, venture to assure you our prayers shall be offered to 'God, that bis richest graces may accompany you as your vessel crosses the waves of tbe deep — as you traverse, should it be your lot to do so, the forest o'r the vast plain, or ascend the moiintafns, bearing the cross and the 'tidings of salvation to^repeiitanfchildren of Adam, to administer to them the VtrengthehKig and consoling sacraments of our holy church ; we ferVehtly jSraV 'that , benedictions may spread around the mfssioher's 'way, a'hd that through his labours, religion, morality, and order shall reign ascendant Where the fiercer passions of nature held sWy. In the hour When your labours cease, when your earthly course is run, I may you find favour, as a good and fnithful ser vant, with -the- God- J.or,j?li»se..gr.eate.r, .glory; y ojj go from home and friends — may you inherit from all eternity that blissful state ' which eye Hath not seen, nor ear heard, nor bath it entered into the heart of man to conceive the glory the Lord hath prppared for those that love him. ' Accept tile best wishes of our hearts for your ?welfare; receive the assurances we sincerely and respectfully make you, and asking you to re member us in your prayers, we bid you farewell.' The Rev. Thomas Leonard said—' My dear friends, accept my thanks lor this public expres sion of respect and attachment. I do not think that I am- deserving of this mark of esteem. To receive the congratulations of friends amongst whom I spent so many years, and from whom I received such salutary lessons of instruction, would indeed have been sufficient reward for any exertion of mine to promote the objects of your society; but to be presented with such a, beau tiful edition of 'the breviary is more than I could have expected. 1 see, my dear friends, in this act of yoursj another proof of that generosity for which our countrymen are proverbial — another proof of 'that respect which the Irish people en tertain for the Catholic priest. The recollection of the time spent in your society is one of the happiest ol my life, and the knowledge of the good effected, -and the sacrifice niade by its niem bers, will ever call for my earnest and sincere prayers, that the Almighty Giver of ali good gifts may bless and crown your efforts. As a parting advice, then, I would recommend you to perse vere in the good work in which you have been so long arid so zealously engaged. You hnve berti pleased to refer to my long connection with this church. I confess that this long connection has attached me to it. Its altar recalls to my memory that time when, in my early childhood, t began first to admire and then to take part in its cere monies ; it reminds me, too, of the anxiety which then engaged my mind for a higher and holier office, which it is now my privileges to fill. Your presence, also, my dear friends reminds, me of those,,early days wuen, at your knees, 1 learned the first rudiments of the Christian Doctrine; and later still, of that time when I had the honor of taking. part In the instruction of those children who were then coirtmittedto iny charge. That 'con- nection, which has continued for so many j'eiirs, is now about to be severed. It is the will of God thatl go abroad — and to that will I bow with perfect submission — to assist in spreading the Gospel, for tbe establishment of which so many saints have bled ahd died ; but the handsome present with which you Have favoured me Will be a connecting link between myself and my friends, between the land of my adoption and that of my birth, and will be the means of calling from me fervent and earnest prayers for the spiritual welfare of the one and the temporal prosperity of tbe other. Again, my dear friends, I ask you to accept my thanks. Before I bid you farewell, I would request of you to remember me occasionally in your prayers — to think of the trials and viscissitudes to which a missionary is subject, nnd to ask the Almighty to grant me grace to be faithful to my calliug iirito death. Farewell, farewell, my dear, kind friends. That the blessing of Almighty God; the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, may descend tipon you and dwell in your hearts now and for ever, is the sincere prayer 6( your honoured servant.' Gutta peroha is about to be definitively displaced for India rubber aa casing for submarine cables, the formor.bping now found to bo woru away in a short lapse of time, and thus deatroyedns uu insulator. Tho dcoay of guttn percha, it seems, is produced by the electrio currant itself in those placeB where irreguluritio9, hriwovcr slight, exist in tbe thicknosB of Uio covering ; nnd that theso ir regularities airo caused either by nir-biibblos in tho course of manufacture, or by the exposure of tho cable to atmospheric or artificial heat, India rubber, on tho contrary, is not injuriously affected by hoat, whilet its insulnting properties are noarly ono hundred timoa greater than . thnso of gutta ptruha, and its inductive tendency vory much loss — a most important element in rapid telograuhing through long distance. India rubbor is, therefore, coming into use, aud muoh improvement to sub marino telegraphy is expected in coneequonce. 