DONEGAL RELIEF FUND. A heetino of the committee of the Donegal Belief Fand was held on Tuesday afternoon, at the roams of the Celtic Association, in King-street. The meeting numbered twenty-three people, and was called to receive the report of the committee. On the motion of Mr. Gobmon the Venerable Arch deacon M'Bticroe took the chair. The Chairman having brie fly explained what the objects of tbe meeting were, Mr. Gobmok rose and said that, before going fnrther Into tbe business, be would call on tbe secretary to read tbe minutes of the !ast meeting. On examination of the books it was found that no record of the proceedings or the last meeting bad been taken. Jlr, Gokvon tbeu proceeded to ar/rne that In tbe absence of tbe record of tbe proceedings the last meeting was null and void. If they could not be sub mitted to the confirmation, they conW be of no effect. He had come to oppose tbe motion pawed by a meeting of twelve, out of a committee of 103, to appropriate £200 to a certain institution, when the money was supplied by con tributions from all eecte and communion* in the colony. Tiere trig one object in the mind of those who subscribed, and out of those who subscribed a committee was formed for tbe distribution of tbe money ?ooording to the objects of the meeting at which they were choien. Now be would remark that the proposal to give any fixed portion of this sum to any one charity would be unlurt. He would say that Victoria, who had contri buted £2000 to tills desirable objeot, pad not received one psnny advantage by immigration-, «na he therefore thought It was only right that they fhould return the amount of money remitted since immigration had been suspended. This amount was £360. The speaker quoted from a newspaper to show that the appropriation of public ?absorptions to any other objeot than that for wUeh they were subscribed was a pubUo robbery. Vow this appro priation of £200 was not In accordance with the object of the wbBcription, and would therefore be improper and Illegal; It was also to be considered that there was no great hurry In thu natter that perhaps In a few months assisted immigration would be restored, when the baUace of the fund might be i made availableTlf, however, this should not be the case, he was of opinion that the balanoe should be equally distributed to tie cbaritlM of the colony. A protert a^wtthe reso lotion of tbe Ust meeting which, on the outing vote of tbe chairman, gave £200 to the Female Home ltd been entered Into, and be also had sent «n«J'rJtei.t'. ... .. After some oonyerMHon it mi agreed that -further dU cnsilon on the subject should be postponed UU after the mala business of toe mertlng-the adoption of the report— tan?&2Ku& the report, tbe ?fcptta of which was moved by Mr. O'Connor, and luwjW by Mr. Gorman, and unanimously carried. The following Is the 'the holiest authority ostIii dwlatrt « tt»t It it mow bltwtf lO8-i»tih»n w-rt«ive,'l'oivotii«oHiigthni mutt tots refleotton be id all who bate to generously glvtn toward* the reUff of Ibolr tuffcltng and «Mlr afflicted felW roes of DodkbI. When the tbecryct diltnst came, the yesr before lait,lr«m ih^wlldeoi Donegal »o Uw aittemthorca of *b«tralli, public cympFtbrVat bd deiply biotoJ tb»l It retailed In tbc'WMl liberal nibMrlptlon nf BJJtt being MiEtd In New Bontta. Wales and Victoria wllblu the space or a few month! ; bo ee to enable a large number of the Donegal nuflwerj— the vlc-.tai of a cmtl, unnatural, and unjua iIBitm of landlord leglilnlton-lo emigrate to ihl« colony. Under lie « Ue provit lone ol tbe A«elBltd Emigration Rri[Ul«lion«— then n farce in New South Walci-toe a to re earn enaMcd the esm ml:ie» to secure tree pamge« tot 950 »dult«, 7f5 of irtiom lute alrrudy arrived In toitc Emigrant ehips In nuccenion, under Tcry gosd management, ftr.d in cscillent health. And It must oe n satisfaction to every one \rtao took a part In promoting tne Donegal Belief Fund to know that It it asmltted in every quarter (batacioieuBefulelapBcfcralgT»nt8 nevercumo, on the whole, to New Bouth ValeB than loon.- from Donegal. Tbe committee were very fortunate in eecurlng to Intelligent otd efficient an egc-nt ae Mr, Scoti Darbia to eld In tbe selection and craborkaJou of the emigrant*. As this gentleman wouid accept ot nothing but bis travelling ciptikcb in going resetted? from London to Doncgil, ecd some oibtr unavoidable charges, the committee considered It but Jut and fair to proecnt Mr. Durbln vdth a testimonial, wbicn out £50, in acknowledge ment of hit invaluable fcrvicw. Seversl circumstances prevented the committee from mfthirg tbiir report before now for tbe information of the subscribers. A serious nr.i uccxpicttd difficulty arobc from the fact that no iiss than 133 of the Donegal people declined to avail themselves ol Ibcir co.barkntlon oracre, and negltotrd to return them to the emigration office iu London ; and according to the regulations of ttio r.mlrrf.tlun Coramiulonera, the whole of these passages became forfeited ; and tons a Bum of £'60 would have been lost to the objects cl tbe Donegal Belief Fund, were it not that tbe iSmlgration Ageit in Sydney very considerately recommended to our Colonial Government, to allow other emigrants to be selected In Dotegsl and the adjoining dtitrlcta, where much want prevailed, and thus to fill up a list of 195 new names to oomc out In nlace of those *ho forfeited their passage. And Mr. Curbin has been written to, by the July mail, to go over to Donegal to make the requisite selections. Many of thow who decline* to come were toue Induced through the tears and solicitations of their aged and helplesB parents In Donegal, whose scanty support entirely depended on the preotrloun earn ings of their children. A vile and malicious report was also olr culatcd in Donegal by designing knaves, to the effect that all the people would be compelled, Uke the convicts of old, to work without wages for the Government out here until their full passage-money should be repaid. ^tery fortunately, the Chairman visited Donegal In April, 1859, when ifeese raise repent were rerf prevalent. He of course, re futed them all at once; and the committee are inclined to think that none ot the emigrants selected by Mr. Durbin after tbat were so imprudent aB to rorfelt their embarkation orders. We now beg to lay before the subscribers of the Donegal Belief Fund the audited account of the receipts and expenditure of the auce, tkowing a balance In band, on the 30th of June last, of £1SJ4 Ci. 8d., carefully compared with the btnk-book kept by our honourable and worthy treasurer, J. H. Hunkclt, Etq , throngh whose bands tbe monies were paid Into the bank, and by whose orders every turn was paid when duly presented by the committee of management for payment. Dr. Collected in New Eottlli Wales ...... ? . £3727 14 9 „ Victoria ? „ ? 1999 19 0 Total ? £K27 1 9 Cr. Paid into the Emigration Office in Sydney, for the purpose of lntrodudcg the immigrants ? £3800 0 0 Expenses of Mr. Durbin iu selecting and forward ing the fame ? 192 2 2 Testimonial to Mr. Surbin for il« efficiency In car rying out the objects of the Belief Fund ? 90 0 0 Expenses en account of immigrants after arrival In in tbie colony ? 65 10 Bt Rivertisemcnta in the freeman's Journal, Herald, and .Empire ? 158 19 G Printing circulars, placards, &c; ? ? 10 3 9 p«ttr hfll-exnenditure. naid hv the hon. secretary SO 5 8 Paid Mr. Bailey, assistant secretary ? ? 20 0 0 Total ? ? £1353 1 1 Total amount received ? .... £5727 7 9 Total expenditure ? 4353 1 1 Balance in Back on June 30, 1SC0 ? £1374 6 8 The object of the meeting having been accomplished, it next became them to consider whether they should let the preceding question drep or not. Sir. O'Coksor thought the question ought to be decided at once. He believed oat ot the £150 subscribed for this Female Horn!— twelve or fourteen beds were provided. About 400 girls from Donegal bad been introduced, but few of them he was informed required the assistance of thia charity. There were, however, about 34,000 other girls in the colony who would put their claims against the 400\. He believed tbat much physical distress still existed is Donegal, and that the time was tot far distant when asslited emigration would be renewed, and then this halancemisht be legitimately studied. He should there fore more—' That in the expectation of the revival ot a system of assisted immigration, tbe balai ce at tbe credit of tbe Donegal Belief Fond, be placed on interest in one of the banks of this eoiooj, tor a period of Dot less than six months ' Mr. Hctleb then moved as an amendment, ' That £200 be voted for the Female Home.' Mr. Hocbioak seconded the motion. The Kev, Mr. Coeish opposed the motion, arguing that there was still distress existing in Douega], to the alle viation of which the fund night be legitimately employed. If they could rescue seventy or eighty people more from starvation, the money in hand would be well spent. The amendment was withdrawn and the original motfon fvl and carried. A vote of thanks was moved to the reverend ccairmar, and the meeting dispersed. rewti.lUP°n1olty.^ ^ni' ^nr^^bHoffi too, ve are told ijrew two oak trees, where that - eneratcd .man used to come In the spirit of devout cMiemplallon to medilBtc upon Ih. grand truth, contained in the word that he J oy-d, and that heiso ably expounded. Here be came lor purposes of An out retirement ; and miy ilic spiiit of reverence and love with jrtios 'e regarded tbe Book of OoS be ours, while we raise th » building n connexion *,th on In.litulion for lie pr..piR»lK-n. My 3bri»l!an frlends.-alihough we arc but on nuxrUarr and com parotivelj: bumble in our operations, I belkvc thul «kmto as an institution much good lo this oolony j but I want youtoncar v.h« tho great institution of which we form a rart has been the meane of iffectitg. M*.t of you know lhaithe (.-.riii.'h and Forcinn lilblo Society was tstab.lsbed In the year [804 when there was abtoad on tbe earth «ucb a war as Ejo neve* been fcen before. But still »ith all the distruftand the fear that tben permeated throughout England -a fear of the un known and the future-tbere were tome godly men who hud raith and who believed that in that year or dotgor. dearth, and war, tbty were called upon to start an Institution which was nomblc in its origin, but whloh we eee in our own day bearing 6u«h a wondcrfuf aoundansc of fruit Will, the spirit with whieb the society was first alerted has been in it ever since ; and when I remind you tost !t Jwas first presided over by Lord TeienrLouth. formerly tbe Governor-Qoncral of India, and tbut its present PrcMdcnt i» Lord Shaftesbury, those who have read the life of the former and who are acquainted with tho active Christian philanthropy of the latter, will reel that the Boclily has been presided over by men full of faith and of the HolvGhost : and who felt their nobility honoured by being able to Uke part In the service of God. There is one thing that gives to So anapeolal interest in this ha'l and In this jociecy. What is called byiomc toe Bible monopoly-tnongh I da notice the rime-is about to dose with this year. Although differing on ihis DOint with the great mass of the denomination lo which I beorg IhoiatheBlDloio sacred that I am afraid of men in the mere spirit of merchandise touching it at all. But wbllo I dissent from t6e suggestion of doing away with the authorised version, I my that If that Is to come, this great Protestant institution will te of immense service in keeping a watchful eye over those trans laUons that are published abroad, and in seeing that the peep e of the different lands have Goo's book pure audundeflled. (Cheers.) The moieties that are in connexion with the parent eoelety are very numerous. Of these in England there are at the present time 8639 auxiliary societies ; in Ireland, 131 ; In the ErltUh colonies and other dependencies, 714 ? while the foreign societies, with their branches, number about 4000, making altogether a total of 8781 auxiliaries, and tcls the work of flfty-slx years. Well, what have they done t Look ing merely at the spreading forth of the great truths of our holy religion throughout tbo length and breadth of the earth, we find the society has promoted the distribution, printing, or trans, lation of the Scriptures directlv In 107 languages, or dialectp, and indirectly they have done them m about fifty, making a total of 167. Tho numhtr of version* they h»v« eent forth amounts to 187. Of these 137 are translations that have never before been printed. Here surely is amlghty work that has been done, and here you see the mutual benefit which one Bocicty re ceives from another. Our great missionary schemes— the honour and glorv of our humanity— could not have had the wonderful success they have attained but for the missionaries being abio to put Into the hands of those who were once heathen parts of the book of God through the assistance of the British and Foreign Bible Socielj. The circulation ol the Bible last year at home and abroad was 1,629,989 criies. Surely tbat fact called for our gratitude to Almighty God 1 The total Issue from the commencement amounted to 35,009,931 copies. Assistance has also bten given to other societies In the distribution of upwards of tntnts-HxniHliont more, making by means uf the combined societies altogether tixtyone millions of copies of the Holy Scripture* distrikuted throughout the world. And it is believed by statisticians that the British and Foreign Bible Society has been the means of introducing the Bible to abont eix hundred millions of the human race. This, too, to aot a sectarian iustitution ; It commands the love of those wbo believe in the value of tbe greitest gift of our God ; and it seems to me that this is a test cf a rising or a faWng cburch-tbe love or the Holy SorlptuiTB. We love It, I believe that you love it ; and then fore having given the best consideration to the matter we have resolved upon such an erection as this. Surely you will give us your prayers and assistance, bo that when the building is creclet it may be free from debt. May God further it end bless it; atd may we sil bear »w»y toe spirit, if we cannot ihe worda, of that beautiful and touching prayer in which we have just joined 1 (Cheers.) Hie Excellency followed with a few observations upon the Bnandal position of the sooiety. It appeared that they were going to incur a debt ol £S400, In addition to £2000, tbe cost of the land, with only £000 in Land. Ho sincerely hoped that such txertionB would be made, that whea they met there next year, on the ball being finished, tbe entire cost or iu erection would have been coUeoUd. It was not always convenient, or agreeable, to give on such occasions ae these, and he would suggest that tbe committee should be divided, and Its members wait upon people at their bouses ; and let them remember, tbat a shilling was jujt as much to the working man, and was as great a donation as £10 was to the wealthy man. No one need be ashamed of giving a small dora tioa, if he ooutd not afford more. Tbe Kev. Dr. Mackat closed the proceedings by pronouncing the benediction. Some framed p'ans and elevation of the building were inspected by hie Excellency and the rest of the company, and appeared to ' give general satisfaction. The hall is to be In the Italian style ; tbe lower part Doric, and the upper part Ionic, with chaste columns, a neat biluBter before the first floor windows, and an ornamental parapet. Competitive designs having been invited, those of M. G. A. Manrteld were selected. The building Is to be finished in seven months. The mallet and trowel used In laying the foundation (tone were manufactured by Bardy, Brothers, ot Hunter-street. The mallet is made of rayal wood, and the trowel of tulip wood, mounted with silver, having an engrave d border. Within the border is tbe following inscription :— ' Presented to bL. Excel lency Sir William Thomas Deslfon, K.C.E., &c;, 6y the Presi dent of the New South Wales Auxiliary Bible Society, October 2\. I860.' The trowel was engraven with a longer inecripiion, having the names of the committee and other parUcuUra upon it, _^__^_^^^__^_^_^_ 