VICTORIA SUFFERING A RECOVERY. LECTUUE AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING. Aucuibam Michie, Esq., M.L.A., delivered, on Tuesday evening, at the Exhibition Building, the long anticipated lecture, "Victoria Suffering a Recovery." The superior character of the two previous lectures which Mr Michie delivered, and theBuccess which attended them, drew together perhaps the largest audience that has ever assem. bled in Victoria upon any similar occasion. The building was literally crammed, and njimbers of applicants for reserved seatB were turned away some minutes before the time appointed for the commencement of the/lecture, and at that time there could not have been less than 600 persons present. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly took the chair, and at once introduced to the meetiug Mr Michie, who was received with loud! and prolonged applause. He said—" I wonder," said the little French princess, on hearing of the great distress of many of her father's subjects,—" I wonder why the poor people should starve; why don't they eat some of those nice little cakes I Bee in the confectioners' shop windows as we pass through the streets." Here is a wonder not con fined to little French princesses. Given mGuthB and meat, our first impression is, why not fall to! It requires an effort of the reason to learn where fore there should be any want in the midst of apparent plenty. There cannot be a doubt that this colony of Victoria is laboring under a severe depression at the present time, and yet it is diffi cult to realise that fact as we read the journals; walk through tho streets, or go into our places of public amusement. I catch even myself fre quently demanding of myself, -" Where is this crisis we are perpetually hearing of J" ' Theatres and concerts Sourish as of old. No end of German bands still parade the town. About every fortieth shop is photographing all the ugly faces in the metropolis. Races, pic-nics, and ex cursion trains have by no means died out Some weeks back—I read it in the Aryus—a man sold 200 canaries in a few hours at Sandhurst, at £1 each, and was so delighted at the buoyancy of the canary market in that auriferous locality, that he was coming down to Melbourne for a fresh supply. Even our street beggars are not as other street beggars. As I Was going into town the other morning, I saw one perched on the top of a low-backed car, going out apparently oh an excursion to Brighton; and I have heard that he occasionally lunches at a confectioner's. Remarking on this to some one afterwards, I was informed that this same beggar came from Kew into town of a morning to business, and went away again in the evening, like other mercantile gentlemen, comfortably and respectably on a low-backed car. (Loud laughter.) Here again wo are reminded of Sydney Smith's celebrated contrasts between this country and all others. Set a beggar on horseback, says the old proverb, and he'll ride to the — Ac. Here we can pro mote the beggar even to a low-backed car, and bia does ml ride to any such fearful terminus; he most judiciously goes no further than the Chief Justice's neighbourhood, at Eew. In short, looking merely to the surface of society, nobody seems to be " on his last legs," except Mr G. V. Brooke, and under the circumstances we cannot pity even him, seeing how he prospers on them. Yet a depression there must be, as every one says bo. It may be that it would be considered gs prosperity in England, and many other coun tries, but ft is a depression in Victoria. Are the causes thereof more obscure, than the effects are undeniable; Is not lie body politic, like the body natural? Does not the excitement and over-trading of the past, commit 'over-drafts on the vigour of the present and future 1 and'does not, therefore, depression follow excitement, as naturally as night the day r Is not this observ able ail the world ovei: And if so, Is there any thing in the social constitution of Victoria, which should give her any special immunity from such visitations! Surely not. So far from this, the very vigour of a young community like this, facili tates excess, an, oil the same principle, it facili tates recovery. Meanwhile disaster is a great soberiser. It stimulates retlection. If wo are all waking up out of a wild drean), to see yo many properties sold for the benefit of mortgagees, we may at least rob our eyes; look at things, if possible, in their right proportion:; consider Irom what causes such effects have ac crued ; bow long they are likely to continue, and by what meanB such effects may most speedily he removed. There is no lack of state doctors", and the prescriptions ,.re] pouring in. Restore immigration, cries one; crush qttartz, says another; put down your buggy, growls a third; improve your mining machinery, insists a fourth; plant vineyards and export colonial wine, recommend' a fifth; drink it, urges a sixth; pass a thorough good Land Bill, says a seventh; protect colonial industry, cays a eighth, and so on. Can any of these' .prescrip tions, or all of them put together, cure the pre sent stagna'ion, or prevent the recurrence of it ? " The colonial situation a study" seems to be no inappropriate subject for a lecture, which aims at clearing in some drgrec our ic|eas on this, to all of us, rather important inquiry. (Loud ap plause.) H'c are half a million, in a land and under a climate capable of cusllining many mil lions. Our lands in the main are not all of the richest; but very many years must elapse before even our best soils aro subdued to the wscs of man. It is only some seven years since Victor ians were elate, intoxicated with prosperity ; when sensible met: and fools alike, had money thrown as it were at their Leeds; and when (,s is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of it went'iu absurdity and extra vagance almost as speedily as it was acquired. The causes of this Hush of excitement, of this j very saturnalia of the newly innnied, v/cye even at the time obvious enough. The vast yields of | our newly discovered gold fields had attracted scores of thousands of enterprising and ener getic spirits front all parts of the world. Scarcely one of these people came here ■ absolutely destitute. Almost all arrived with some, and many with considerable means. AH' required tn be fed, clad, ] housed. Instantaneously, therefore, a demand prodigiously in excess of the supply, arose for everything necessary to the feeding, clothing, and housing of the new arrivals. To aggravate, and intensify (aud having considerably the effect of prolonging) tilis demand, by very far the larger proportion of the laboring men betook themselves io the gold-fields, where they continued so long as gold was to bo bad in almost fabulous quanti-, ties for tho mere trouble of scratching it off tho surface of the soil. And yet houses, and such food as could not be imported, were required, and must bo had for all. The first consequonce was that wages of all kinds of labor, skilled and un skilled, rose to such a height as we now almost fear to think of. Plasterers and masons, L2 a day; carpenters, 30s a day; common laborers, LI a-day. In a word, tho average gains at tho gold fields furnished the standard to which the rates of all other wages naturally and necessirily gra vitated. . The golden fund from which everybody was apparantly being made rich was partly brought and partly found here. The fortunate owners of a few (in any other part of the world) wretched tenements became, as by a stroke of Harlequin's wand, transformed into capitalists."'Wonderful as were the prices paid to the government for town and country allotments, still mure wonder ful prices were got for the same lauds as they passed from hand to haml. In a few months du ring the latter part of the year 1852 and the year 1853, house reut rose from Llol) a year to L9U0 a year for tenements such as any Londoner can enjoy for L50 or LGO a year. Hay was L70 a ton, vegetables neither poor nor rich could indulge in habitually, save in their dreams. Cabbages, I believe, sometimes changed hands at about 5s each. Meanwhile the very police, the coachmen, the grooms, lawyers' clerks,. aye, and even official men in large numbers, were oil to tho gold-fields, and even Sir William a'Beckott, tho then Chief Justice (being at that time au invalid, and his coachman non est, had for some weeks to be wheeled to the Court by his sons in a Hath chair (loud laughter). This was before my advent to Melbourne; but quite as strange things took place even many weeks after my arrival. A once fellow counsel of mine in Sydney, Mr John Bayley Darvall, came down here in 1852, in consequence of a request that he would fill the vacancy likely to occur on our bench by reason of the then contemplated visit of Chief Justice a'Beckott to Europe. Mr Darvall arrived from Sydney on a Sunday. The hotels were all full; the waiters little short of insulting to any exacting and intolerable wretch who wore a black hat, and did not drink "anobbier" about every five minutes. Mr Darvall applied for a separate bedroom; but such applications at that period were considered as someevideuce of lunacy in the persons who preferred them.1' Poor John Bayley Darvall,-1 think I see him now, a gentle manly man—with a manner of blended austerity and politeness, which (according to one of his critics) made him a curious mixture of Coriolanus and Beau llrummcll, — I think I sec, and hear him using his powers of persuasion (which wore considerable) to win that single-bedded room. What was his success! Why, we were told, and the story never was denied, that the best terms he could procure were, a comfortable shakedown on the top of a tap-room table, between twe lucky diggers ! (renewed laughter). That, or the alternative of walking all night abont Melbourne streets,—and such streets at tbat time,—he might choose between— " The art of our nccesshiei U itranjs, That can moke vile things precious." Thus, in bis sore extremity, philosophised poor King Lear ; and thus probably felt poor Mr Dar vall. He took the table and the diggers ; but the next morning It myself, saw hi") posting down this street as hard as his legs could carry him from a farewell visit- to Vice* Royalty, back to the vessel that brought him to Melbourne. In a few hours ho was ateam ing from our Hay, and I need hardly say, he never came back. Our whole city, in short, was at that time a sort of fevered, drunken, delirious Pande monium. lu nothing was Melbourne industry more conspicuously manifested, than in burglaries, robberies, " stiekinga-up, " and shootings in every direction. When you dined out in those days, your host, on your leaving his house' to return home, kiudly placed a Colt's re volver in your hand, and suggested that you should keep the iniddlo of the street, and that it might not be impolitic to eboot the first gentleman you mot who said " Male, can you tell us what's o'clock f' Nevertheless, the greed of gain recon ciled us to all these miseries, which .of course could be but transitory. Lodging, food, police protection, being then altogether indisjwusable; the high rents, high prices, and high wages, cured themselves. Capitalists concentrated their efforts on building—market gardeners and farmers found their callings more profitable than gold digging, until as the new supplies of each grew up to, and at last met the demand, prices came down almost as rapidly as they rose. Meanwhile the rich finds were becoming fewer at the gold fields; immigra tion, by reason of our disorganized condition, fell off, and in less than five years from our first gold discovery, everything was changed. A new Mel bourne having been built, was not requlrod to bo built again. St. Hildas, Prahraus, South Yarras aud Emerald Hills, were competing for tenants; | market gardeners and farmers were competing ! for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for policemanidiips; and reuts, as well as prices, fell as rapidly as they rose. I do not say that wages fell, for a sort of imperial ukase has said | wages shall not fall; and nature is for tho thousand and first time turned out of doors to come in at the window as of old. Why do I thus run over this rapid retrospect ? Because we can hardly Bt&rt; fair unless we do so. It ib well to take stock of our condition; to see what has been done, during the last seven or eight years. The Melbourno of 1852, thou but a very inferior En glish town, unpaved, unlighted, muddy, miserable, dangerous, has become transformed into a great city, as comfortable, as elegant, as luxurious, (it is hardly an exaggeration to say it) as any place; out of London or Paris. Ballarat,. Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton, and other places, have | sprung into considerable townships; are lighted i by gas, and are alive with the busy hum of ineu. A beautifully metalled road, onables you now to do in eight or nine hours to Castlemaine, a journoy which,Jta the year 1852, you could hardly achieve in less than three days, and even then, at the risk, in the winter time, of disappearing in the mud by1 the way. Our advance, then, is measured by the whole difference between what the colony was in tho year 1852, and that which we find it at the present time; and therefore, he must be very: blind, very ignorant, or very perverse, who would j aver that we have made no progress; and that,1 after all these years, wo have nothing to show for our gold. And yet, assertions like this, we do occasionally meet with, amongst platform orators and newspaper correspondents. (Ap plause.) Speaking the truth of, and to what are called the working classes—as if there were here any cI&bs; which does not work—is not con sidered by some people as the surest means of attaining to popularity. However thjs may be, sure I am that speaking the truth exactly as it is in a man, and as if ho were speakiqg to his own consciousness, must in the long run meet with the approbation of the just and the sensible of all classes. "Wise and moderate men will be tolerant of error, and as to the rest, what does it matter what fools or rogues say.of you? I pro-'; , pose, therefore, to talk to my audience publicly,1 I in the strictest confidence,—about labour, wages, I producers, distributors, immigration, free-trade, ! Ac., Ac., in the confidence that I shall be listened to with patience,' even though you should not I agree with my conclusions; in any event, dis cussion and discovery ore assisted by mutual toleration. A hiss never settled any truth, nor was political economy ever advanced by cries of " Turn him out," unless the man to be turned out was interrupting the speaker. As everything we eat, drink, and enjoy,—save air and those : other things we get for nothing,—are the results of labor seconding and wielding the powers of nature, the labor questiou is always at the base of every discussion of this kind. Nothing is, ! more'common than to hear some individual, who rises for the instruction of his fellow-creatures, ! cry, in reference to ail those persons who do not j actually handle a chisel, a saw, a plough, pj sorap other physical tool or implement,—" they are drones in the human hive; and throw all Melbourne's thousand merchants into Hobson's Bay, and no one would miss them; but throw an ; equal number of working inen into the same watery grave, and, see what you shall seer" Startling this, very. And we usually find stuck against it in the newspapers, 11 loud cheers." (Renewed applause.) I wonder what the same i enlightened rijeerers would cay to that in j genious man who is reported to have once | visited the source of the river Thames in Glouci?; j tershire, and in au ecstatic sense of supposed mar vellous power, clapped lus hands upon the springs, exelaimiug, " What will they say of this down at I Wapping !" Now, what would they say of us ! down at Wapping, would be about the measuro of j what this world at largo would say on the sudden ! deprivation of a few hundreds or even thousands ■ of her merchants or mechanics. The sun would | continuc'to rise and set, people v/ould go t.o their ' work and come homo from it, and ben'of big ness would assemble in Collin3-streot A3 before. Sure am I, for my own part, that merchants in the main areas useful as mechanics, aud mecha nics as merchants, or they would not be where they are. But the mechanic sometimes demands of the merchant, "What do produce f You aro of no use at all, for von produce nothing." Well, M us follow this a llttfo further. Sjirip that mechanic of everything he did not proauco himself, and what sort of a figure would he cut' Would his own toilet be one jot more complete than B was when ho came like the rest of us inul ing and puling into this world, "to mike his bother," as Jeremy Taylor arid, "a little gild, aud very sorrowful," From head to foot, i,i thero one thread ho has made hiinseif ? How bhny animals have lived aud died ? how many voyages have been made'/ how many dealings and bar gainings, and 6pinning3, and wcavings, aud tau nings, and ditchings, aud packings, aud unpack ing?, have all been done before be could bo clothed ■ Are not distributors then cjuite as use ful and valuable a cIom ps those producers? Again, go from what our meehaulo war* to what ho eats and driuks; what of these things has ho ever produced ? Run over all tho operations that must occur before he has breakfast off that cheap loaf which is brought upon his table—let him re flect upon his sugar, his tea, his coffee, his butter, his bacon, his beer, perhaps Ins nobbier. ^ What an infinity of Jiuman industries have been in mqtjou and have by .some mysterious' process couie to getbpr aud converged into that breakfast which he devours (cm) thinks no niQre of) for a shilling. What factories aro smokiug, what steam engines plying, what storms at sea being battled with, what aching heads over ledgers, what prying into prices current, what watchings of seasons aud of weather, what ship-buihiiugs and ship wrecks, what ingenious implements invented, what vast successes, and as vast failures, what happiness, and what despair, aro all ceaselessly vexing tho surface of the universal globe, in order to keep that mechanic, and all others wearers of clothes, and caters of breakfasts, sup plied with the necessaries of life, from day to day ? Again, turn from our bodily to our intel lectual wants. Man cannot live by bread alone; the diviner part of him needs other alitpent, A^ penny loaf may suffice for his breakfast, but libraries are not more than sufficient to feed bis curiosity, and bis appetite for enquiry, and specu lation, arid discussiou. Tbiuk, then, of the thousands and tens uf thousands of .authors (from Homer down to Martin Tupper,) of copiers, aud printers, and paper makers, and booksellers, and newspaper men of all grades and forms of industry, physical and intel lectual, keep ceaselessly at work to feed the insa tiable brain of man! and as the result of all these labors you may get a classic for a shilling, and the limes newspaper, that " history of the world for one day," for fivepencc, and the Kilda Chronicle for nothing; (roars of laughter) for they always send me the paper, but never call for the subscription ! Miracles are extinct, but these results bear the closest resemblance to a miracle. Theyaru simply the highest "develop monts of the division of labor. The opposite point to this extremest application of the division of labor principle is exhibited to the situation of Robinson Crusoe upou his uninhabited island. Our working man with his forty or fifty shillings a week, is, in mauy respects, richer than Julius Caesar in lus imperial purple. A man can chip atones, or plane wood, and with his day's wage walk into the next street, and command the in dustry of the world. For him, as for every one whose labor can bring money, the sun is ever shining, the fruits ever growing, the nations ever, toiling. He holds up a magic piece of gold, or a bit of particular dirty paper, and the world rushes towards him with her choicest treasures. Is it better to be this man, or to be compelled, like Robinson Crusoe, to produce with difficulty what others can buy with ease! A sufficiently absurd question surely upon the face of it, and yet it 13 a question protectionists ought to cousider with respect. For the thing called Protection wust always in its very nature be an approximation more or less to the condition of Robinson CruBoe. Protection, by a plainer and more descriptive name, is compelling A to buy something of! B, at a higher price than that for which Ccan j aud will sell the same article. B calls it protec tion. A calls it robbery. B calls it protection, because he says if you expose him to the com petition of C, he (B) can't live by his business. A calls it robbery because you force fioin bis pocket for. the benefit of B the difiercuce between the price at which he (A) can buy. of C, and the price at which ho (A) mwf buy of B. Transpose the position of A aud C respectively, aud each will then call the thing by the name which the other applies to it. There was never a colony les3 ex posed to foreign competition, more thoroughly enjoying protection, thau that of which Robinson Crusoe was the governor, aud man Friday the go verned. And what was the stato of their pasto ral; manufacturing, and : agricultural interests ? Look at Robinson Crusoe's trousers and cap in the old wood cuts; then turn to some of our colo nists rigged in slops from top to toe. Why Ro biuson Crusoe in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. (Applause and laughter.) And yet our slop dressed colonist-see the evidence and report of the late committee on the tarilF question—goes straight from a furious speech in favor of protection to native industry, and invests his eight or ten shillings in a pair of imported moleskins. In short, he thinks it perfectly proper that every body else should protect native indus try. hut he feels no particular necessity for nro tecting it himself. Henco practice contradicts profession, and tho truths of political economy break through cant. It comes round to this won derful final result that any, and every man, who can work at any thing for which society has a de mand—and any and every man who has eithor saved for himself, orwho has' succeeded to tbo savings or possessions of another—has got a cer tain corresponding power over all the other in dustries and Btored labor (called property) of tho rest of the world. And the world is all the wiser, and richer, aud better, by each man just working, when, where, and'how he cau, and exchanging the fruits , of hi3 labor as aud where ho thinks beat. " Protection," as it appears to mo, is merely another name for obtaining monoy under false pretences, by Act of Parliament. (Cheers, and disapprobation.) To bear somo Pro tectionists talk, one would think that nobody of any consequence lived in this colouy on the im port trade. 1 say nothing here for the merchants, because tbey are to be thrown into Hobson's Bay; but how about the shopkeepers, the porters, the draymen, the inunmerable raechauica connected with the shipping interest, the clerks, the domes tic servants 1 Aro they all to become shoemakers, tailors, coachmakcrs, cabinetmakers, &c;, to show us how they " can't do it" at any prico others can afford to pay ? These are to tho initiated but trite considerations, yet are they by many every day either forgotten, or ignored. The oulypretoxt for a return to any thing like protection, is the oft quoted exceptional case admitted by John Stuart Mill, viz, where young countries, as fitted as older countries for particular manufactures, are desirous of receiving the start those old countries have ob tained, and try to recover this start by imposing duties upon tho foreign product. Even here, tho exception admits, if it does not prove tho rule. For the protection is to be but temporary, and to cease when the older country is overtaken. If the older country cannot be overtaken, tbeu the pro tection is mischievous, as being first a throwing away of a certain portion of the industry of the vainly ^ competing country. Even Mr Mill, how ever, in the very passage of the work alluded to, seems to forget that iu new countries, some.pro tection already exists iu the very nature of things, in the cost of freight, expenses, ported commodity to the new country. Against Mr John Stuart Mill, on this point, might be quoted his equally celebrated father, James Mill, who never admitted such an exception at all. As for the common talk on this point, I suspect many attendants at meetings hardly know what, protcc | tiou means. " Protection to Native Industry," has a sentimental sound about it. We all like to be taken care of,t and the expression savors of that. So that you have only to shirt the word Protection at some meetings, aud you catch a large portion of the audience at once, who are for protecting everything and everybody even to tbo "unpro tected femalo," made immortal by Punch, But to como from the sentimeutal, to the abstract, to the concrete, are they for giving 35s a pair for Melbourne made shoes, inferior to the best im ported at a pound ? Protectiou to be worth the name, must come to something like tliat, or it is no protectiou at all. Now who are those who most loudly demand this protection I Skilled mechanics: a very valuable class to any commu nity it cannot be denied. They cannot, or will not dig for gold; they cannot turn to tillage; tbey are unable to offer anything to society as the pur chasing power of the necessaries of life, saye their ikillet) labor. The farmer getting only six or seven shillings for a tyuss of hay, says to the shoe-, maker " I could qot even if I would, give you 35s for a pair of colonial made shoes when I can get a pair from Paris or Northampton, at 203." The shoemaker must either undersell the impor ter, or turn to something else, or leave the colony. Perhaps he takes the last course, in which case,'a good artizan is lost to our society. Still, is this, or arc any number of such instances as these sufficient ground for our abandoning Free Trade as at present prevailing in tho Australian colonies} Are all boot- wearers in the colony to pay this forty shillings as the price of keeping the superfluous bootmaker here! Yea, says tho bootmaker—No,, says the boot-wearer. On which side lies tho prosperity of tho geueral colouy ? Endeavoring to ascertain this, let us try tho matter a little farther. Imagine geueral pro tection to shoemakers, tailors, coachmakcrs, even farmers, and all in like case with the" instanco put, of the immigraut Bhocmaker. At once, the cost of living, would to the whole of us be increased by some 100 or 150 per cent, so far a3 such co3t related to the taxed or the protected articles. Whouce ia the increased price to come ? From the gold digger r Cau we expect it ? He gets and can only get, the market price of the world for his gold | but he would have to exchange tho fruits of his labor, not at the market prico of the world, but at the artificially raisodmarket price of the colony of Victoria for his boots, clothes, tools, &c.;, Ac. The storekeeper, the professional man, the agriculturist, the sheep farmer, the offi cial man, would be in the same position. What would be the first, und immediate consequenco of the change r A vast number of miners would at once be thrown out of employment, for already as we are told, they are only making on an average, wages sullicient to support them at their work, if tl;o enhanced pri.e were paid at all, it could only be by miners working harder, and procuring more gold. But, if the miner could not pay, he must leave the colony, or turn to something else. If the olilcial mau, the storekeeper, tho agriculturist cannot pay, they must either leave the colony or turn to some thing else. Many, in this turning to something else, would of course, turn to the protected trades. Tlijs would increase competition among them, and iu time reduce the prices of their goods, but not to the import prices without duty, or in such case the protection would be supcrflous. Meanwhile, it seems certain that a large number of people, especially from among those beloneing to tho unprotected trades, would be obliged to leave the colony, unable to subsist here. Industry of one kind would thus be for ced Into 'artificial channels, whilst industry of another kind would be ibrced out of the colony altogether. These stem to be inevitable evjls, and they arc of a very grave character. For labor, like water, lelt to itself, finds its level, and any artificial damming it up in any country, new'or old, only prevents it from going" where the common wants could employ it to the greatest advantage. Un der either set of conditions, therefore viz :—uuder those of free trade, as under those of protection, a certain number of persons are ahyays leaying, and will always leave every country, for want of employment fitted to their powers. England, v;e are often t-old, h^s fought her way to pre-emtomice amongst tho uatiom under a system of protection; partly true. Ami Mr Thoums Bayers the other day, disabled of hi.s right arm, fought for two hours very gallantly with his left, aud really might have beaten Mr Uccnan h;ul tho affair gone on. And, therefore, let every nation that would thrash its Uccnan begin by crippling commerce of it.? right arm, which is liberty. But we should keep the money in the country we are told. Why hoop the mouev in the country ! As it money v.ero of any use at all, except as an instrument at exchange. But than tho depression we complain of canuut arise from our tending money out of the country for goods is seen in this—that money is still rapidly accumulating in the banks, thirious contradic tion. ^ Deposits lying in banks unused by the depositors, and yet an universal outcry of the scarcity of inouey, and an almost stagnation of those building aud other operations which can only be carried ou with money. Well, a very littio observation, and reflection upon things in general, will goon clear up this apparent con tradiction. In tho first place, immigration ha. almost ^ ceased. No great demand, tin rt-foro, now exist? for houses, I mentioned awhile ago, that house-rent had fallen several hundred per cent. Houses which in every part of Melbourne and the suburbs were in 1S54 let at £500 and £000 a-vear each, may now be hod for £100 or £120. Very respectable cottages, such as we usually find in the occupation of artisans and others of the community called the laboring classes, are easily procurable at £20 or £25 o-yeir. What inducement, then, have capitalists ' to build, if they con only build at such cost as to exclude anything like the possibility of their obtaining interest upon their outlay 1 Capitalists in these colonies, we all know, look for, and usu ally obtain, 10 per cent, for their money. . But, a great Melbourne capitalist, one who has per haps expended as much money among the build ing trades as sny titan in Victoria, told me the other day that he cannot build now—(looking at " wages in the one direction, and at reduced rentals in another)—so as to secure 5 per cent for his :s money, even were houses to remain continuously: tenanted, and though they were never to require reparation, The consequence of this is, that no ono now builds who can avoid it. Nor, as I con ceive, would even the lowering of wages produce in itself more than a temporary alleviation of this statoof things. Any impulso which reduced, wages could communicate to building would be merely transitory. Inapopulationsoslowlyin- . creasing as ours at present, the supply of house . accommodation soon overtakes the demand, and when that point is attained, expect to hear criea " of depression of the building trades. But when that depression comes—in other words, when bo- . cicty has got as much house accommodation as it wants, I apprehend that unless nature's lawaare to bo reversed, unless she is to contradict herself i for tho special benefit of the suffering handicrafts;', tvagcs must fall. Ilememberl am no advocate tor low wages; I merely give simple and articulate ' expressions to nature's silent and inexorable ope- . rations (bear, hear.) I would far 6oonor see wages very high tban very low; for I am certain it would be far better for me, even sellisbly con-? ' Bidcred. -But bow can I, bow can any ordinarily reflecting man walk about the streets of Mel- o bourne, and fail to see that wages must come down ■ together with rentals and profits, and income ge-, nerally. Ponder upon the announcement of that . restaurant-keeper in Swanston- atreet, whose • at tractive board I pa3s almost every morning—I do . not give his name, lest it should be supposed that I wish to push that gentleman's trade at the ex- . pense of the many other similar establishments in,. tile city equally good and cheap—ponder, I say,; on this board on which the proprietor sets forth '; that you can have a plate of meat and vegetables, and another of pudding, all for one shilling. Nota km—no extra charge for change of plate 1 (great laughter.) .How can we get that excellent and substantial dinner for a shilling, but that all the ' articles of which' it is composed are at such a price that the restaurant keeper can carry on his business on these terms, and yet get a . living profit by his trade. Follow up his busi ness into the related industries with which he deals; consider his now reduced (perhaps not sufficiently reduced) rent, his cheap apparel, his sheap vegetables, his not very dear, although in a t country like this, not yet sufficiently cheap) beef and mutton; consider all these things, these cheap results of colonial industry for the last seven or eight years, and then tell mo whence is this res taurant-keeper, and the people with whom he dcalB, market-gardeners and others, whence are ■ tlioy to get the money with which to pay labor, " sixteen shillings a day and nothing less 1" You cannot got blood out of a stone; you will not find capitalists undertaking any enterprise by which they are to lose and not to gain, All interests, therefore, both of capital and labor, depending interchangeably upon each other, will always oor rcct and adjust each other. Strikes, therefore, must almost always bo either superllous, or un availing ; superfluous, where, as in 1854, masons got 30s a day, because Bociety couldn't get such labor at that time for less; unavailing now, be cause society is not particularly in want of such • labor, oven at a third of the former price. Nor is the reduction of wages an unmixed evil—if ovil at all—to the mason himself. Ho can command al- - most as many of the necessaries and luxuries of lifo now with 10s or 12s a day, as formerly he could command with the larger sum. And he possesses this equally largo command, with the apparently smaller means, simply because every-, tody else is obliged to submit to a smaller money compensation for the goods in which ho deals. 0 How then can any particular tradesman, who thinks at all, expect benefit by reduced prices and yet escape himself? To expect bucIi things is to expect incongruities, self- contradictions, im possibilities. It is to expect othev men to work for us without our working for them. It is to 0 demand that something shall come out of no thing ; that wages shall be paid, which no re-r turns can produce; and if all sections of workers " demanded the same thing as against each other, - society would be little better than a large lunatic asylum, where each resident fancies everybody 1' else mad but himself. What then is to be done under these unpleasant circumstances ? Well, I ■'•> conceive things must be left, in a large measure, to those internal sources of healing—the mi mcdi- . catri.t natura,—which society contains within ; itself. Depression precedes prosperity, and pros perity provokes speculation, and speculation leads about again to depression, with as regular an alternative as day and night, and night and morning. Such a state of things is not. peculiar to Australia. It is the same in England. It is the samo in America. It is the same in all great' commercial countries. Talk to people who lived in the United States in the year 1838, and they tell you that when selling-off their goods and chattels at that time, prices were little more than nominal, for .want of money. Lists of "wild cat" banks were kept handy in every store and counting house, that men might judge as safely as possible, whose paper money to take, and whose to reject. That was a collapse, followed immediately upon - previous universal speculations upon credit, just of the very same character as that we are suffering under at the present time. The fever and ague' of trade seems to be the same all over tho world. Can nothing, then, be done for the patient ? Has the, politico-economical pharmacopoeia no medi cine for so stubborn and prolonged a complaint! Yes. Art, and treatment may do something— perhaps much, but certainly not alL' We can second nature, not control her. What, then, is to be done? Why, cries every one, "Give everybody something more to do." "Find us fresh cus tomers," cries all, from tho shopkeeper, listless, and almost hopeless, over his wares, to tho arti ficer whose tools are idle in his basket. Fresh customers? Most willingly, but where are they to come from ? From natural increase of our present population? Hardly so. Read the Rev. Mr Malthus's book on the principle of popula- tion—the book of a very wise, a very amiable, a very much abused, and certainly not a too well understood man. He will show you that under the most favorable circumstances you may double your population, from within, in some fifteen or twenty years. Will you wait so long for your new customers? Where shall they come from then, but from across tho seas: What ! im migration ? Ay! immigration. What! import fresh labor at tho cost of tho present laborers, to contend with these latter! Here is a question which, I observe, easily brings down a cheer at many public meetings, and for certain, I am not going to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or with any other than very serious and respectful consideration those cheers. Say they are not the cheers of tho enlightened,—are those workmen the only people who have not been sound political economists in matters touching their own labour ? Have British merchants and manufacturers and statesmen never been at fault on such subjects as free trade, and international tariffs, and employ ment of machinery ? And cannot we be reason ably considerate to these cheers, when we reflect upon the indisputable fact that a working man's labor is of as much importance to him as is a nobleman's estate to the nobleman! Each has but his present means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel deeply, and express himself strongly, on any proposition tho effect of which may be to bring him (as' he thinks) nearer to starvation. Well, then, I am not in the least put out by the anti-immigration cheers. I ask only for a hearing.' I protest that if the cheerers call confute me, I shall be as well pleased as if they were to admit that I had con voiced them ; for, as I have said, my only ob ject is truth. We come back, then, to that word immigration. Are we to raise from the working man taxes wherewith to introduce competitor with the working man's labor ? That is 'the shape in which the question is usually put. I answer, No. But is that the fair way of putting the question ? Does no fallacy lurk in the premises? Is nothing assumed which ought not to be as sumed ? Tax the working man to find competi tion with himself ? Is it a tax! If I pay L100 for a hundred acres of land, how is that a tax upon the working man ? The payment of that land does not come out of his pocket but out of the pocket of the purchaser. The more land you sell the more you increase the demand for labor. And WW Xf f'-U!? ir,Cr°3se th# 'kmand for whrl'i von 1 " i 7ry ""10 et^ I, YT™'1 the for i'1 to" artilhhl,, Y ' /> C w,1°icj)rocc3.s being an i -i u ''0L'3 the working man prouosa 0 . o wuli the , ,s ot th0 « « 12 « Ira Mr T-'0t '5 ho devoted to innni "fill,- " "lt0 'mblic v'orks" *>>•« fie J h lob Yl d0'" Ayc' battling purchaser U'w° 1to the llnJ , , J" L bayhim," what ih vou Bay to I'- public works nostrum ?' " Weil," he •hatrt': i l,y hn(finl"'lny fur it, in order ■miiu.l '°lb"y Y° kept M ® l,ri'3l'rve for the annual erection and construction of public works, morei especially now that there is almost no pnhlio to call lor any additional works of the sort r" II soouw to uv.i, then, to ©owe back to this; that if 1 >uy merely a hundred pounds worth of the pub n th° ,*Hlblic have a liK,lt expend hat LI Oil as thoy please. If they import fullt oi live artisans, or agricultural laborers with the money, laborers cm their arrival in tho colony; enter inlo mjurioiis competition will, .lie lahoiers already ,'bo'- , y I10' althousfi frequently the cone ustau aSSThSCC"; l,a" '1rrivci1■'liferent conclusions. Ihcy target that everv m-iir is « consumer as well as a produce r; thai'c«ry man XSr XX5comnniHl "rer ihff ^ l all other workers, is a customer of those „ther S',°d™a'ter f "'em ; but in fact he bcl I so' L°U their0'/'1 '1Sfbuvs. their labor with his—thoy Slf]* n b ,°i!' h'a—each enhances the c mf ^ris of the others; and that which secmsa " w lias lm^evcrTm^w kw durtng hi'hn'1?b-'nm,israti0n! Wcro ever to 1553 and lSaT'011 \ V '\Uti"K ,ho tcjj andlSal J And yet, was It those years that the immigration tide was run ning most strongly towards these shores r Granted that the gold-fields took much of litis labor, yet the main cause of.wages keeping up " lay in the fact, that whether working on the gold-fields, on farms, or in houses, the importa tion .of,laborers was an,importation, of the demand .fur labor, capital; the'savings of labor grew with -that labor; this capital, as fresh labor continued to "pour into the colony, of course employed more labor, . and so each producing and promoting the other, the colony advanced in prosperity. . Immi gration has stopped; the working men are now freed from imported competition; and yet have " there ever been such lusty criea of want of work as now! Surely these things cannot be without their own significance for all ? From the above observations it will be apparent enough, I think, that our circumstances now call for a resumption of immigration, not paid for by. the working man, but paid for by capital (applause.) If there be no error in the above conclusions, it seems clear that, the effect of assisted immigration is this: that we sell our land, and with the proceeds buy custom ers of, as well as competitors with, the working mm; and, judging by results, such are the mys terious but certain advantages of division of labor, that the new arrival is more valuable as a cus tomer, to those already arrived,-than he is inju rious to them as a competitor; and I am glad that this is so.- It takes the last rag of an excuse from men/ who having got to this colony, would shut the door in the face of those suffering millions, who are struggling with the direst forms of po verty at home. The inexorable law by which, in all countries, population must at some time or other press upon subsistence, compels colonisa tion ; and is there any selfishness more depraved or inhuman than that which would confine; our fellow-creatures in a position of pain and struggle from which we have thought fit to escape ourselves 1 But is there nothing more to be done than to restore immi gration? Yes, certainly. Ofwhatuse willim migration be, if, as hitherto, it flows through this colony as water through a sieve? We must, if possible,* fix people here when we get them. The great earth-hunger of man, as some German writer has called it, must be satisfied. In plain English, all. the facilities legislation can provide, "should, be'furnished for enabling every man to till the soil who desires to do so. But he may ruin himself. Let him. Free trade in ruin as iiieverything else. ("Hear," and laughter.) Doubtless men sometimes, nay very frequently if you like, err in the choice of a profession. But it is certain, as a general rule, the State cannot (even if it were a function of the State, which it is not) take better care of men, than men can take care of themselves. Let every man, then, who .likes it, go into farming at once. Fut things at the worst, and suppose your farmer does become insolvent, rural insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourke-stieet insol vency. A man never seems to me so happy as when surrounded by his stacks, his pigs, his wine, his growing crops, his children tumbling among the straw, or laughing among the vines, If there be perfect and serene enjoyment, surely it is here. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) All farm scenes equally conduce - to happi ness and peace of mind; and therefore no wonder that the majority of immigrants harbor the notion of at some time or other going upon the land. This earth hunger all thoughtful states-' men, as I think, will, in new countries, wisely satisfy; and do not fear that free society will in cur more evils in this direction of human industiy than free society can correct or cure; especially now that the last great discoveries of Stuart have practically enlarged the habitable globe, by adding to it a fair and green central land, which so lately we had condemned as an arid desert Do not be alarmed. I am not going to talk about the Land Bill, any further than it immediately bears upon my larger subject. We have all been pretty well bored to death by the ceaseless babblement about " lot" and limited auction," and unlimited desire to settle the poor man on the lands. I know it has pretty nearly settled me in the land. Fearful, however, as this subject has now become, I desire to remark upon what appear to me to be one or two errors. Those who talk about getting the utmost for the public estate, as it is called seem to assume that the state in selling land is to be regarded merely as you regard a private vendor. If you do this, surely yon confound two essentially different things. The object of the state is to settle the country. The object of the private vendor is to get as much for his land as possible. The end •rhifh tha Tlriraffl rpnrlnr lina. rnnsf.tfnfpa mprolv the means which the state works towards another end But why, it has been said, should the state be deprived of that difference which A may make by re-Belling to B, and which difference the state might have made in the first instance, had the land been sold by open competition ? Is it un reasonable to answer that the state is not a land jobber?' that it finds its account as much, or more,in getting people oh the land, as in getting money for, the land in the first instance? that the state, having discharged its duty as a vendor, commences another function as a tax- gatherer— your cultivator becoming at once a consumer of some or all of those dutiable goods which yield the great bulk of our large revenue. Thecountry becomes opened up; roads and bridges are formed and built; the wilderness is subdued to the uses of man; the colony grows. Then, just as the blood circulates through the human frame, labour, un impeded on any side, flows in every direction throughout the length and breadth of the land, instead of being dammed up and confined, as too frequently it now is, in little local congestions— over-supply in one spot, and deficiency of hands in another, at one and the same time. Look again at the secondary evil consequences of doling out land screwed up to the highest price for agricul ture, and granting principalities at a merely no minal rent for pasturage. You offend that abstract sense of justice which) more or less, is found among all men; you force upon us the conviction that there is a privileged and petted class among us. Impatient people ask, why should a sheep farmer enjoy miles upon miles of land, at little more than a nominal rent, whilst the agriculturist cannot hold the smallest farm on any such terms ? I have no 'desire to stir up class against class, but whilst such aBtate of things as this exists, no Convention, no Eastern Market, is required to effect such an object—jealousy and antagonism grow and strengthen of themselves. It has been frequently supposed, and at times with- some ap pearance of foundation for the supposition, that it is of the essence of the democratic spirit in this country, as in others, to hate wealth, and to pull down capital into the dust. Sometimes, perhaps, this low and unworthy spirit may be met with; but it is not equally probable that this sup posed hatred is frequently rather apparent than real! And is there not at the leas; something curiously anomalous in men hating what they are every hour striving to become—namely rich men. However this may be, I must yet admit, looking dispassionately at the subject, that if thesquatr ters have evinced some selfishness on the one hand, squatters' opponents have sometimes exhi bited unreason on the other. After , all, it is merely human nature that men who are, as they profess to believe, lawfully entitled to great ad van tages should desire to retain them; but it is also natural as well as just that the public should de sire to male the squatter pay a just rent for the laud he enjoys. Cannot both these objects be achieved without oppression, illegality, or injus tice in any.direction ? I think they can, and I think also these objects can be achieved with vast advantage to the general productiveness and pros perity of the wiiole country. This is a subject not to be settled hy that extremely short and neat prescription sometimes proposed to us of" Driving tlie squatters across the Murray." u. Driving the squatters across the Murray" might be driving our dinners across the Murray; and put in that shape requires to be re-considered. One vast evil con nected with this interest at present stares us in the face. From the uncertainty of the squatting tenure, aU' the runs throughout the country necessarily remain in an' unimproved state IfLo will txouhie himself to' dig wells, construct reservoirs for water, or even be at the expense of making two blades of grass grow where one grew before, unless ho have a reason able assurance that he shall reap where he has sown ? Whilst the squatter is liable to be turned out at moment's notice, without compensation for improvements, he has of course no motive to im prove, and,consequently, a great part of Australia kin a mitigated form, in much the same situa tion as was Ireland,'between mortgagors and mortgagees, before the passing of the Encum bered Estates Act The land at homph&d;'ceased to ha the property of the mortgagor and he was consequently indiffeient and without hope. The land lia'd r.ot become' absolutely the mortgagee's, and" therefore hie had hot the deep interest ill the property we observe.in ordinary owners. The problem, therefore was to educe out of tills ch&Qs;, of split-up Interests • and indifierenfcisms the beneficial management of the land by thoge to whom it should be tho exclusive property. That problem was solved successfully by that roost practicaj as well as scientific statesman. Sir fiobert Peel. Surely there are no specialities in our case which make it a more embarrassing one thaq the Irish difficulty. Apart from faction, jealousy, and wrong-headedness, the ptfi'male of the matter seems to lie in a nutshell I pre sume very few persons who really have ftnypractiod acquaintance wjth this country, will dispute that many of these lands are only fit for pastoral purposes. Nature has passed an eternal aeutence of sterility upon them. Are these lands not to be turned to. the best account ? Can they be turned to the best account unless you give | individuals an exclusive interest in them i Can you give this interest effectually, unless you aay that .whatsoever the squatter lays out on his squattage, shall be secured to Himself—as you protect any other person in the enjoyment of the fruits of his industry. Can you thus secure the squatter, unless you say he shall enjoy his lease, or compensation in some shape if lie be deprived of it? No. I say then that in the future ad ministration of these merely pastoral lauds— whether they be under the state, or under rural municipalities—that at the same time yiu secure to the public an adequate rental, and the right of m-entry at any time on equitable terms f<>r sale, you must secure to the sheep-tanner, as he will then'be called (a nev/ nomenclature marking the new era), the thing, or its equivalent for which lie hag' bargained, and thenceforth squatter $nd ariti-squqtt-r hearthiirnjiiLS will cease; pas toral lands will be improved like other lands their leases assignable like other leases, artesian wells would bo sunk, artificial grasses laid dowu, paddocks fenced in, reservoirs, formed, home steads established, a vastly additional demand for labor would epring up throughout all these grazing farms in connexion with the improve ments going on in them, and beef md mutton, as in the olden time of the colony, would again be 3d a pound to all of us. Sooner or later, such mods [would [have to be 1hus dealt with, had squatters and Orders in Council never been heard V*- It is simply a question o£ turning your pro. pcrty totbo best account. Under the present no-system tho squatter is the only j»rty wh„ profit, by it He gams exactly what the public oses. W hat is that f The difference between the nominal rent be pays and the fair and sub alanUal rent he ought to pay, and which, "as he w lii£eT#tr' ?u',tabIe U8ta>. willing to pay. Sixteen thousand sheep, with run on the 0 3T,y'alaSCOSF£24'000- ™S 01\. CIS a head. For auy excels nr deficiency in ST1, at lia "12*» TWdiW f0 V either side to the other, tte Sls «">• >*toeu the 12s and run Mffittl«f'V ii,rCI'-eSCtttS the Taluo of tbe tbe'vZ^t aiucerest manner between 'b®„yf?dor vendee, and amounting to raek en7tl NoW' 1 would "at rack-rent the squatter with a 10 per cent rental 1 "t t±V° TUUt b'Jt' ^^iug reasonable, I et no ' 1 6 ?razlDS capabilities of each run. M lZnTwu0i'PteSSke; bl1'".hearing in mind oren^.t. " s leeemccndation of tenderness « w°™, let us put the hook into the lauL'hteet 1! /r We -*eli iuul" C-befir8 cud remrraof n- S0me.llme3 ^d in the journals Sm1, iP,i ,° m-efling fPeecbcfi.from "Melt I either that the Legislature dare not ineddlo with MdXt Hre'tr ,thut lhe,b:"lk8 ^'c got them, Md that the hanks are all-powerful. This is tartting, and, moreover, rather inconsistent with hrfl J J"6' referred to descriptions of squattera ,/ the same denouncers. One while, the squat ter, with greedy maw, is swallowing everybody f®!.',' ,an?tber moment, the squatter is being swallowed himself, a fat and sleek deer, gradu aUy going down the rapacious throat of a banking boa-constrictor. (Renewed laughter.) So that, upon this pleasant theory, (hero would appear to be but oneway forusall. Awed then by these awful hanks and sharing only the common reverence for plateglass, and splendid mahogany, and brass rails, and the mysteries of the parlor, does my friend, therefore, who the other day said to me, in Queen sweet, 1 hope in that lecture of vours, you are going to touch up the tanks," think that I am uK u ,°,r ?tte.mPfc aching of the kind, "hat would the banks care formy touching up they who can touch up everybody ? Besides whoso presumptuous as to say that he really knows anything distinct about those great, sub lime, moneyed mysteries? Who, save Joseph Slacardy who offers himself as a special Provi dence to take care of everybody's money, from ., "Pwards—who save he knows anything about these greatly reverenced establishments t Who but. Joseph knows anything about their assets, their habihties, their profits, out of whatcapiial made, bywhat precise business, and under what circumstances ? Why am I to he called upon to show my ignorance as to the manner or degree in which the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons, which Borne superstitious people regard as influencing all the mouied tides in the } affaire of men? Why should I vainly attempt to understand how people can discouut at 10 per cent, and divide 20 per cent dividend ? I may hare dun Visions of over-trading, and so on; but I flv lcare ifc toU,e nnt edition of Joseph Ifacardy s pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the 1 wbytblt millionsworth of debentures of the Melbourne issue lias not yet seen the light, according to the act in that case made and provided? (Hear, hear.) Of a verity many a poor servnntand small capitalist wouldto gM to buy a L30, or L50, or L100 debenture? carping every hour on its back six per cent; inte rest, rather than holding a bank note of the same amount, bearing no interest at ail. And this bnngs me, to a eubject to which Legislature itself at sometime may come-I mean to the considera-' tion of founding m this colony a truly national bank, where the state will be, as it ought to be, the only maker of paper money, among us, as a egal tender; when the state will have,Saitou-ht 0 have the whole profit derivable from any credit that state may have in the world, when that verv profit may be turned into the means of paying the interest of our debentures, or into public works, rather than being left to any number of people who choose to join together, subscribe their depo «to, apply for an Act, call themselves a bank, and forthwith commence the Royal prerogative of making money. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) The Hainea-eum- Childers Ministry proposed Buch a measure as a National Bank (now some five years back). The Haines Ministry went out; Mr Childers went home; and the idea became smoUiered in the land question. But the idea is not dead. Uok into Mr Ritardo's Works, and you mil find ably and distinctly sketched his idea of a National Bank,- in which the state should have the profit of the banking operations buch an establishment I have been informed once existed in New Zealand, and was only dis continued—so I have been told by experienced New Zealand settlers—because the revenue and the transactions were not large enough to make it worth while to continue the institution. With a revenue like ours, however, of £3,000 000 a-vear ; with deposits like ours, of i'O.OOihOOO a-year, it seems scarcely necessary that weshnuld henceforth,"be dependent on English capitalists working in large measure with colonial moneys' I nave revived the idea; let others work it out' to practical issues. Time admonishes me 'hat [ must hasten to elose. Have I said all that L have to say about the depression 1 : Well nearly, but not quite. It seems to me that great public disasters frequently contain the seeds of still greater benefits, and that even depressions, crises, commercial revulsions, have their uses. They set men thinking, devising, casting about for modes of escape; to giving practical effect to new and valuable thoughts; to developing resources of the colony, the thought of which may not have occurred to prosperous and contented, and uninquiring minds. "Sweet are the uses of adversity." Now that we have millions of sheep in the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any special glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep; and yet he was an original man, a gernua, a brave, self-dependent man in his way. His son, too, the major-general who has so lately left us, what has he not done for ourwinetrade? llanyyears ago, he went liim j ^r* distributed pamphlets iu English and Germany, explained the capabilities o/ tho colony for the cultivation of tha vine, and for wine-making; engaged vignerons, put them on board ship, got into trouble—he told me so him self-on a charge of kidnapping the Germans to this fearful country; and yet he has never pub lished these things; but should heever read the account of them in any history of the colony, he would blush to find there time. The great de pression of 1843 and 1844 aet theMessrs. O'Brien Of Yass, boiling their sheep—qt that time mere woolly vermin-fpr their tallow. Thus, a fat sheen wa3 found convertible into a five-and-thrcepeniiy export. This was a discovery at the time, And - acknowledged and appreciated as such,: and it was a discovery—the result of deep aud general dis tress taxing men's inventions. In like manner, comrng nearer home, a short time back, a very gentlemanly man—one with whom nuyjy in tins room are well acquainted—stopped me at the corner of Collins and Queen-streets, and said ha had understood I was much interested in the de velopment of our resources; aud receiving for answer that I was so, ho proceeded to say that ho had discovered one, that he had it about him, and could at once submit it to my consideration. I was interested, as you' may suppose, and so must you be. IVe have read agreat deal lately about , - 'WW ucdt jutCij iiuum, Australian gems- So perhaps yoi^r imaginations are• already oeamporfng off into.the regions of mineralogy or geology. Was it a diamond ? No, Perhaps an" aquamarine topav,, or a ruby, or an Atnnmlrl ) XT«l .1 _11 ir ■ a — U* It luuy, u wffr'.L ,0t at 4 . You..i'lva it up! AUU gl>0 lb up i ■well, then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, aud it was, \--what I A sausage - (roars of - laughter)—a short, red, regular, orthodox, unmistakeable save 1 , " I vi«uwiu^ uuuiisiiiiveauie save loy. ^ Before I had recovered from my surprise he said, ' Taste that, and tell me what you think of it- " ell, I hesitated, because, although I likemusageS'I have prejudice fperhaps q weak,' and fimcljing, aqdj uufouuded jprejiidico), aeiunst sausages being carried about in people's pockets." In an instant, however, I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weakness, and .evi. dently quite unapprehensive of the oauae of my oonfusion.J be pressed tho article upon me; h took a cautious and critical nibble!. "Now," he said; "what do you say to it?' /".lYell," I answered, "I have tasted worse sausages than that." "I should say so." said he, "but what will you think, iny dear rir, when I te^ you that the whole of that Bausago is made out of kanga roo ?! " Well,!'-1 said, " I could not believe it'/' " I qm going," be said, if to qpply to tho 'Solicitor General .for. a patent, for .I believe,the idea is thoroughly new." I said, " I thought so too." He carefully ro-wrapped the saveloy in paper, re dropped it into disappointed recepiacle, and strode away with an air that delighted me. He did not seem so njuch to think of any profit derivable from this preparation, as from the fact that he v;r,a car rying a pprtion of the salyation oi the colony in his pool;et, society all uncomoious of the millen nium imponding. Wo may laugh at this, but is, not the great city of Bologna itself better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages, than by her fountains, her colossal statues, her picture galleries, her museums aud cabinets of art, her Cardinal Mezzofanti'e, her public libraries, or by being the birthplace of one of the greatest orators of our day —Bather Gavazzi. Qn these occasions, perhaps, we may feel half disposed to despise the sausage, but wo are at times glad enough to eat It for all that. I inaiutain that my gentlemanly irieud'3 idea is good. it is another, and a worthy attempt.Jto give by transformation exchangeable value to that which is at present comparatively valueless, many thiugs are yet to be grown and produced iu this country, and profitably exported, which down to the present time have never been even thought of. For we are little better than Chinese copy ists after all. Be it hats, crinoline?, peg-tops, houses, or the growing of wheat and oats, what they do and wear at home we do and wear here. There are stony and arid bits of country in tills k icloria on which a sheep would starve, but on which an Angora goat would thrive, and bring profit to tho owner. The bad times will bring the goats, the wine, the olive, the cotton, the silk, the sauBages, the dried fruits, and other good tilings in due season. But if gteat depres sions work such good results on men's outworn circumstances, how much more do they improve man himself- Huw ameliorate bis mural na ture? Jfotr soften the bard merchant into the melting philanthropist, how make bis heart like that of the ancient mariner overflow with emo tion, and " bless us unawares." Look at that speech of Mr Sichel'6, as reported iu the An/us of the Sth of September last, on the universally interesting subject of the provision trade. We always knew him as one of the clearest of intellects; we now know liim as one oi tho most benevolent of men. (Hear, and laughter.) I have ere now been used by tho " reason" (as Macaulay finely describes it) penetrated and made red hot by passion," in tho De Corona, of De mosthenes; I have read Cicero's fine invectives against Cataline aud Plunkett's celebrated knock. ing at the door; but never have I been more moved than by Mr Sichel on tbo minor mor.ds.of merchants, what they are, and what they ought to he, touching the provision trade. " If anything goes wrong,", says he, " in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, of Gould's butter, who is there, or what .means exist here, to provide a remedy ! ".Oh, cursed spite—hci seems to say—that I should ever Tie born to set them right.'" " We should act to gether,'" says lie, "not pulling- against each other, and should endeavor to put an end to the maiiy. paltry motives,Jenvy malice, and spite which, itcaunot be denied, exists among us. If, on the contrary, we see each other often/and arc thrown more together day by day, we shall soon come, to act with more unanimity, and more pro fitably to our common interests. Instead of this we are accustomed to a selfish manner of con dueling business, eaeh reckoning his'own advan tage moro than that of the general body, not one of us,"'cays' he, " is at the bottom of what goes on in Bass' beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, &e-; Now, Mr S. 1*. Lord indorsed every word of these self-denying sentiments, and they passed new. con. How delightful is this ! (Re newed laughter.) Henceforth we may look for a little moro public spirit among the merchants. Henceforth we may find them standing moro fre quently for the Legislature, and thereby ackno\vr lodging that they have duties to the country as well as tow ards each other. Henceforth, at any rate, the Chamber of Commerce wilt be a sort of commercial Agapemone, or mercantile abode of love. Saltings of invoices and secrets in prices current shall be no moro. Every man who knows, anything by which he may profit shall henceforth proclaim it with a loud voice upon 'Change. Dennistoun Brothers shall he. Ercrybody's Brothors, and shall be seen in every direction pouriug oil into all sorts of wounds.' Litigation shall bo at end, and rows of alms bouses,' for the lawyers, shall be erected; and his; Excellency shall lay the first stone, and congratu late the audience upon the present lecturer being, the first recipient of the new bounty (applause and laughter.) ,1 My feelings overcome me, and I must, close* the' pictured. Do not imagine, that because I have been jfrawh off to n somewhat romping di gression, that I have forgbtteu our situation.' ; If I have shown more levity in the course of tins lec ,tnre than some'; people may think becoming amongst a. rained people, pray consider' it is' be cause x lor one do: not consider vreare ruined at all. Like the gentleman who had seen too many ghosts himself, to be able to believe in them, so, I have , seen the colony ruined too .many. times to believe in- its going to be ruined now. That there is distress amongsti us there can be no doubt. In all periods of transition in every country, there must ever bo more or less of distress; distress even occasionally among industrious, provident, and worthy fami lies Such cases, perhaps, we have all knowu. BuW believe the greatest outcry about the short comings of the colony proceeds not from this class at all. Unfortunately, every new counhy has in ita large number ofMvaifs and strays of humanity unfitted for any mortal pursuit; a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class, always talking, never doing, save for a few hours together, and whose fate you have never any difficulty iu for telling. These sink down and succumb hero, as they would any where else. ^ But.for those who can apply their hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really the matter ? Depression I Commercial crisis forsooth ! What's a commercial crisis; com pared with a cannon ball crisis! Wo have heard enoughandto spareit is true, about New Cale domaj and.about.Frencli fleets in, 11 obson's Bay Let them come ;;i believe in Old Caledonia', and m i-pld"England, and in '," ouid" Ireland, and also in our volunteers, as right,' earnest, six o'clock in the morning fellows, who mean it. But just imagine for a moment that such a fleet were here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught out seven hank managers, and clapped them into a chain-gang, and got them all on hoard ship as hostages' for a good rattling ransom' Here's something like a crisis if jou like. What was the imprisonment of the seven Bishops/about which history makes so much fuss, compared with this cooping up of our seven baukers! Imagine them, if you can, looking over the bulwarks of some " till admiral," and pining for their parlors. This is the ludicrous side of war, and we laugh* and, strange to say, laughter and tears are never more sincere than when they are close to each other. For, whilst contrasting mere distress of peace with the horrors of war, other and awful compa risons with our own present happy condition press upon the memory. Was not Merino bombarded the other day, and were not wives, and mothcra aud little children slaughtered amongst the hus bands, and the Bons, and the fathers ? Look at Taranaki's misery at our very door. Think of tha fired homesteads, of the dispersed and ruined households, the hopes and labours of years of patient toil annihilated in an instant among a people who, the Other day, deemed themselves as secure as we consider ourselves now. Do we suffi ciently and -habitually consider, then, the ad vantages we actually enjoy! Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some leisure for reading' for thought,* and recreationare these posset sions notluug ? Are they not, indeed, all, so far as this mere sublunary life is concered! I am not preaching any. impossible philosophy, or any anti-colonial degree of abstinence and self- uiorti fication. I merely mean to say, that there is no thing like looking, resolutely at the: better side of , every situation, and being thankful to God that things are no worse., It is certain that as man is at present constituted ho cannot even pro perly taste, pleasure, without having first known pain. .We most of us command more than the people of many'other countries enjoy, and as much as unsophisticated man really wants. And if at times and seasons—and such times and sea sons come to us all—we find ourselves unable to live up to our own doctrine, and that we are yet querulously repining under thoso losses, and crosses, and petty griefs, and disasters, which have power over the strongest as over the weakest let us still thankfully bear in mind tbat-asthe wisest and most benigriaut of human spirits has said,— .: • - This wide and universal theatre PrcaenUraorewoful iogeants, than the Bccnc - Wherein wo play In. Goodnight. (Loud and prolonged applause.) Dr Macadam moved a vote of thanks to Mr Michie, for the truly magnificent address with which he had favoured them, an address in which he had giveo them the history of the past, the present, and even the shadowings forth of thefu ture. 5 \ A; rJ.\; = • ;■ His Excellency, in putting the motion, called upon all present to express tlisir"assent by their plaudits. * .This request was met by tremendous and con tinued cheering, and one cheer more, ' Mr Michie, in acknowledging the compliment' that had been paid 1dm, said, that they were all then Buffering a recovery, his audience front an uuconsionably long address, and himself from an' exertion, whioh even for' him was an unusual one. He therefore would not detain them any longer, hut would conclude by moving a vote of thanks to His Excellency the'Governor, who' wob at all times found both ready [and willing to come forward and favor any movement for the general benefit of tho community with' his" countenance and support. (Cheers,) His Excellency, in thanking the large assembly fir the, compliment paid him, remarked that although all of them might not perhaps agree with all that had been advanced by Mr Michie, still they could not hut admire the wit and ability with which the several arguments had been maintained, and the courage with which he had run full tilt -'against some very popular ideas, as well.es against many of the prejudices and opinions "of the upper classes, (Applause.) In: fact he thought he had hif them very fair, ell round, .(Cheers.)" He again begged to thank the meeting for the compliment ;they had paid ljlm; and to assure them that he took,a deep interestinthe welfare and progress of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. (Loud cheers.) • ■ Tbe assemblage then dispersed.' ■Aijt. 