MISCELLANEOUS. THE DEAD OF 1859.-Literature began the funeral procession of the months with the almost simultaneous obsequies of Hallam in England and of Prescott.in America. These accomplished historians, who won their first golden spurs at almost the same moment, died in one week; and, by a curious coindi dence, this double Ioss which letters were called to sustain in January, was matched at the close of the year by the equally con temporaneous decease of Thomas De Quincey and Washington Irving. Another oonse icuous name within the restricted circle of the highest S litelrary culture of our timnes must be chonicled with these:-thaet of Sir James Stephenl, Pro fessor of History at the University of Cam bridge, and who has long exercised a sort of consultative supesvision over the education of ' the heir of the British throne. Thie world of o i? . podjtics bhas almost litermally closed over the : oib. of a. great statesman whose doctrines ?iid ritiled the coumcils of Europe bfor nearly ;, ' :orty tein's.J .Thv something worthy of the .ti&'itai'misse of ~e in the close which awaited tihe ftldly blrilliant career of Prince Metternich. His every success had been a seeming viclory over the instincts of tihe race, over the laws of progress, over the rights of men. And never had man been niore seem ingly auccessfuil than he, alike in'court and cabinet. Talent, personal beauty, power, fame, wealth, had all been lavished uponn the diplomatist whlse skill had sthaken down, as it was hucied, tihe whole fabric of the Fr.neh revolution. IHe had Ilng Isaged tihe ordinary litnits of humana life, lhad seen one after another of ihis grant contemnporaries fail around him, and was resemived himself to wit llHsR att last thin titter downfidl of the great system hie haId tunded, the uprising of the revolution, andi ev?e the retur.ing ghost of the Emperor hie ihad clhained so strongly down mmpmon the rock in the Atlantic. '[lie last sun on which he looked shone down opon the biattlehield of Maigeunti. lBut the triumphl which F'rance and reeldom wion over the diatllhhed of Metternich was not unalloyed. Thedeath of Alexis de Tocoaevilld robbled both of a loyal and gifted chlamtpion, who ias left hehlind him but few in any lend fully worthy to wear Ilis mnatll. In oiti owiv country the ranks of our public men Ihave been less rsternly swelpt. Teo diplo matists of respecralule raiiuk-Mr. Rosk, of Pennsvlvania, aud Mt. Mason of Virgiiiai lhave Ieoen taken frm us, and three senators have fhillen, two of whom, Messrs. Geyer and Hannegan, had retired firom lpolitica:l life. 'fiTe death of the third, Mr. Brodetidk, of COaliforin, is ndt likely, we may hope, to ie soon par alleled in our annuls, to whichi it lias given one sad and sanrguinary lesson more. Oneo most able and faiithfl phianmtlo ist hals been removed from his labors in the perton of Horaene Mann, who. loved the cause of educa tion like a Pestalozzi, and toiled in it like n Howard. Oar list grows upon our hand; and 've might extend it almost indefinitely were we to attemplt to include in it all the simply eminent pelrbos whom the last new year found in the busy front of litfb, bt of wiom the yeart which yesterday dawned will have tnoe iier I'oei0ort to give to men. Two crowns have biuen taken, one from the "iforeheadl villlnous low" of the ihated F?rdinnnd of Naples, one fitom the lovely brinw of tihe getntle Stejabiunie of Pottugal. The 'uel Yel went to his bliloudy account in ftr Indiut, and the sweet voice oe of o' thle world's sweetest. singers, IMaduite Bosio, was frozen into silence among the snown of St. Petersburg. iBusy and lroiiserilns as life has been, death Iils bean Ilusy Iand lI'ospeI'OuIs too, Iand thIe Old Year's anntual les.sot lies Iefure us to-day iu a sltate more striking, if niot more solhnn, thln it always wears to otr too hasty andti heedless eyes ' New York 'imenes..' A PnoTitoTrvi HAY MOVPMENT IN DiEL nouncib :- T' .e'l'riiners rinnd tWilwihili'ibieaI hlolding' mow.tinlg, with the.object of carrying out theuii. dielirminijtion to r isAe the priceof hlay, if' possibai ; nd thb dealer .have beeh holding olpposition meuitiigt , to declare their resoloi'ion to :hfve, nothii li it h';le trtdet ill thie hey market, o,:rthey. will look to other source for' their soplies?i i.h'ho, .if t!he frm era's attnl lit 'to iilhere- longI to a.: svatern of classificatiin byv thir aepioio'tidd iigdlihts, and piices to be fixed each w;eek by a.comnnmitee of thelnmilves, ve? .much hay aill be irouglit ii, from Geh'long'itd the'idjieinqg colonies, the diflhlrence irc ini -e bi fnet iio te , ,ami'rs' staild ard leaviig an mlle h mlargin f?o lothl cost of carriago and. Ipofit..---' Medhomine;Argus.' lMr. Willinin Wiade, wlio lis been lon" known:as- a veiry enteprising fhrmer;, has:lid the ''rgus' gold eup ywarded to him foi the imost exteisive anrd .succeafndI intr'oduction of inchine,'y in the Ilaboai'sof' the arm--lfom. the use of a piorttble steamn-engine, corn criisherII, chltf-eCttei', giridliig-stonie, win irower, cori-drills, manuie-distrihutol', potato pleater antid digg'er, and aI mowing and Ieap ing-machinle; tihe siviity is esatimated to amouint to 80s..P. i9d. er acre. 'l'h re is ilo startement yet itbihhshed of the diastribution-of this saving over tile diflerent muchiines em ployed by Mr. Wade. This will problbly be funislihed in good time, and will i lookeid fdor ward to with some interest. Of 2O5 ncris in crop, Mr. Wade had about, one-third in porta toes, one third in Ihay, ahd the rest in whear, onts, for corn and green stiffS, peas, trese, aid sorgbum. With such a viriety of crops he is fhr less sublject to loss frlo thrllctytion of tile market, andi from tihe precariousness of thle season, than tlhose fthrltrtnels who coifine their attelition to one crop. In a lad seaiin foir hiy there may Il?e a good seacon for potatoes or wheut, &c.; When the market also is de pressed for one crop there is irobnlly an uc tive inquiry for anothe,', so that, with alterna tion, he huas the powel, to be always in thei market with that portioi of his crop which is In most demand at the tiner, and thereby se cure the best iprice for each throughot, the seuson.-' Itural lxatoiiner ' (Victorii.) A VIclonIAN MAGISTIRATI is thus intro duced to the public by the ' Herald '-Siuce the meetinF of the " Reformed House of Parliament, tlhe itfliction of its daily mmlple contribution to a " Victoriun Huinmsurd " has so fully occupied the ittemnion of our body politic uid soCIIl, that we have qulite lost sight of our old notorieties, yclept " tle nHw magistraite.." We are glud, however, to learn that the species, like the Murray cod, is not only not extlict, but that a tile specimen is occaitionally hoItked in quiet nts well itv troublhd waters. Here is the lis.t stiample thiat hus tlilen under our notice:-Un ia biencl not a humdred nlees from the peucetful ugnMriiAu loculity of Baccliehs Mr1INhi tll?re suit la. t wueek 1u bice'of their worshlips, laboriuously and iin couthly perfoib ingi the exhluisting uIIbors. of exfixuhiinig" into tile acts 'of mui.isgidel and wicked hiumiuity I'ouglit hbrfoi them ; fild cl'ulily enjoe ing the '.;atistcetoni of restoring to hupe ard libiery~ he .irrnocernt, olr devotilig to pain a.rud ienaltitse the rig htly accusedl wroug-doer A pI'i-.uOer touii' before tlhen \--th eviildnce had bieen carellll asifted's-he was palpaibly guilh?t At thist critical stige & third Duiel camne to jaudgnent-one of the jewel la htely inserted iluto the nigistieriidl hlield. " Audwiiut are ye after now, rthin t" altsketd the Hiberiian Midas, as be lo0pp0d rito his seiit. " Why we have Ieardd allithe evideice it the ease tgainst this Inm, eaid ais we ate compelled to believe tllit he isailll duoubtedly guilty, we are just conrideriiig' whlat Iuniieulieit we shall award." " Guilty, is it? aud whIat's the uotffune?" "A'rson." " Arsoi ! I'll jist tell you wlhat the silteace shuld be; ilne the rascal two ihundred pounds, and ma/e him nmlar tLhe girl!" 'T1iE PoSSESsolt OF .HIItiTY MILLIONS STEILING.-A St. Petersbiurgh letter 0o re cent date says:c " The great eveut of tie day is the definite retiremelt fiorom business of the celebrated banker Steiglitz. The day before yesterday hA sent an official letter, ordering iis n?gent, ePleisen, to wind up the business of the house before the first of January, 1860, on which day it will cease to exist. Mr. Steigli'z hna taken part in all the great. financial nffairs of the Government, and ulso ponQ.fiesed mallnllnforiep, sn.qlir refinpries, &c.; M. Steiglitz, sun., arrived in Russia about fifty yeanrs anro; lie come from Hambnrg, and was a jew by birth, but changed to Protestantismn. tnmeodiately after hiis arrival in Russia lie entferd intol boniness, nnd founded the Iouse which he heqineatled to his asn, with the title of Baron. andl a fortune of thirty millions of francs (£1.250,000 starling). M. Steiglitz, jin., has since coindnted tle firm with such ability nnd muccess that lie now retires with, it is said, a fortune of £80 millions of francs. Tis enormous fortune exists partly in capital deposited 'in the Imperinl banks, partly in shlreP in the Iest Rnssian enmpanies, and landed estates in the south of Russia, Livonii, and Germiany. THu BAlR AND THE PREss.-Tn England, for many vPears past, vast numbers of inmin ber.s of tttornpvY. firms have had aonn, bro theirs, or sons.in-law, nt, the bar. Duiltles., nmainy of thIes barristers, thuis fortunately pliciHe, have been, and are men ofahility ; but inny otihelr. wanting the aminn advatitages, are not so likely to have tleir ability broiught beitlro the |i'ililic. Tl'lse men must wait, as it has been said, like spinsters, until they are clihten. Accident may draw them ont, hr they may gradulilly glide for good and ill, intto litelrtiire and the Press, nr they may olh. tuitln ppointmenta in the public service either at home or in the colonies, and many even first-rite min hecome thusi provided for; for in our profession, beyond all question, thr race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong. If you desire the type of the sort of men of whom I sieak, hfin it in the person of Warrintron, in Pendennia, I think one of the must life-like portraits T'lhckeray ever drew. It has been my exceeding advan tnrge when I was a atudent, to know a sort of Wairringt.on here and there; and how I clerisl tle recollection of them, and of their unconRciinus entlnusiasm in all intellectual in quiry ; and tliir hearty, sincere, simple, self (Iliying, nnd utniffected ways; their porter pots, and slovenlinesa, tand tolhncco included; fn. men wlho are finm day to iday coining thieir 'brins into the altogether indiopjensable cntrmeni\, are seldom very anxions albout the elemicie?i or conventionllities of life. These fitilllnrs then It the her-f.ilj'es often fiom n certain delicey anrd fineness of nat're, un fitted fii ilmLch of tilhe Coire wi.k of the conir"-rii'efriequiently tlhe finest ornamentiiof Ilii hirts.t Ldt us thretfore honour the real Iot ci ofpthle quit tlthiiker, wmho, tihough Ihis v~lice le not ieardll in the co,.rts, yet trom lil ding\ clihmliies feed, thle culrivation of the time, ftr qneetlv influenes senatts nd pio le, aiid ao.aist"i iiisaphing towaids finer issues the awold iiwhich he livesi.. . " niT rr? (ivi;'L' oi TOHE WARIt Ir:IIOROCCO. It is lioitivelv stateld ii'd lielieR'ed in cllmp ihatterb Ahooi?hi Enl;li? r.reant? it dollar for overti heani, andi four for every. live' Spaniard lriiiiht in.: We.ire notvaware that any fiur dtlollii'l reimiumo have yet beien gained. The g alley.'?h 'ho v hidit been armed, and who fi,'it le eratelv ,nd have lad a goold minvy kill d wtntiioundei,'hliive beein Iroinisdhit dollii for every live Moor they bring in; and they go out at tiihtsa in th~ e prowl, in lhopelle of clapturres. :Alrluiigh thle much higher jrice offtiaed b."i lthe Mioiluh Goveinment foi living itan frii dead wtiould serve to humanise tlhe wcii, it hI? Ihtherto bhdri'e' iriedl on entilely withllout qiarter. T'le Moon. began in:i tht way, withl a syatem, of pitileas slughlter; aund thie Sniitirds Ihave Iean exa.?perated ilhnoit to flnmci? lty tlii?, an, in sd,n.w cplulmslh tii. inlw thru exut'ple. Hitherlto we lhave not broulit, ino:. :sigle lurisoner. A very. tew Ilve Ibeen made, and killed y tie soldiersI ftli,,e they got ito uunll, at whiclh Genceral O'Diinfell:eiritbtverv' wioth. The sollie,;s syi that tlhe Mntus: lie'down and will not isep, and rltheir obltinaey :iiiprovokes a hnyoet tllnuit.' ' heylm ini'~t, one woulld tlhink, be bound hind and foot and carriud in, tand it is not imlps.i i le thi tisefeul info,'mation umight be extrae ted from some ofthem. Menrcy in war is nor, lhowever, one of tle moat cousplicnous qualities of Spainlrdsl, and moueover, there are tales and traditiois cmrient of horrible crneltie, whlichl the Illora are in the habit of inflicting in tihe mnemies whlo fall into their Ilmlndts; and, in fict. tile wal has at thii, its outset, assumned the most suugiuiiiiury and feiociosa clhuiracter. -'lIime' Letter fiom the Spnriih Camp. 'I'mIo NuiiTHERN PROIMUNTORY OF AcErICA.-A-,mong the interlestilng fact?s of C?lataini M'OlintOack's expeditio?, the Inartative of which is now in tlhe hnds of thousanllds of readers, there is one that appears worthy of eseiald notice, namely, the determinationr of the pisition of tile northermcostr point of tile ccutlinrent of America. Haonceforthr, antartic Onlze Horn will have its pendant, so to spenk, in alrctic Clpe Mnrchison-a namne honored llike itn geographieCa and geological ecience. )ni this muhject Captain M'Clinteck writes: " Oat' hliOrs have determined tile exact Iposi titn of tile exltreme northernt promontory of the continent of Amperica; I have aflixed to it the rntme of Mrcthiison titer the distinguisthed presidlent of time Royal Geographiical Society -the strenlmous advocate fo' this ' iurther ileact'-tiand the able chalmpion of Lady Frniuklii when she needed all the siplmort wihich privite frietidshi.i and public spirit coild besto)w.-' Atheimutln.', . LADY FANKLIN having received an appli Catioii to ive a portin iof the relics brough t home by Cuiptain M'Cliutock, to a museum tbout to be erected in Lincoln to the memory of lier Ihuslind, hus replied that after selectitg a feiv olijrcts for herself, and withdrawing foa tlihe elhitive. of those that have perishlid all illhy could identify and claim, she lid, as advised, resigned the remainder to the Admirl altv, which lhad lent them to the Unitid Srrvice Institution, in the inuseumn of wuich tley were now chretaflly urruangd. lonDitRN EUPHEISMs.-T'lhe ' man ' is cleiidn gnlp, quite wiiped out; hii plice is filled Uhi by individultis,' gentlemeu,' ' cliuniacters,' d parties.' Tile ' wonman,' who in times past was the ' ain's. ' wilfe, ihs vanished still more completely. In all high, polite writing, it is a CdiH of ' Oh no, we never mention her.' The law of eupltemisis is.soliewlhttcilprIiou1 ; one caiInot always tell which words are de cent 1und which ire not. Th' ' cow '1may be spnken of with perfect lpopriety in the most rfitied circles In this cise it is the male animal who is not fit to be mentioned; at least vwelearn from one of the hooks at the head of this article, that American delicacy ' . - * requires that he should be spoken of as a 'gentleman cow. But the female of' horse' is donlhtfil; that of a 'dog' is wliolly prm scribed. When the existence of such a cren tur musult be hinted at, 'lady dog' slupplies a parallel formula to ' gentleurnan cow.' And it really s?ems as if the old fai.sbimed feminine of' man' were fast getting proscribed in like manner. We, undiscerning male creatures that we are, might nhave thought tlhat ' woman ' was a more elegant and more dis tinctive title than 'f?emale.' * * * * To ble'sne, 'fe slde' is nlt our only choice; there aret also 'ladies' in abundance, and a still more remarkable class of ' young per solls.' Why a ' young Iperlson' invariably mellas a youlnlg woman is a great mystery, especially as we believe an ' old person ' inay be of eitlher sex.-' Bentley's Quarterly.' Louis NAPOLEOh TUItNED MEDICAL AD VISER.--?I'wO regiments of illfilllntry, to m;nog the main lody of the French expedi'ion to Cjinl, embarked on Monday at Toulon, and the 'relnilling troops ae l' On the poinlt of em barkation. 'lThe totalll nulmber' of troopls of all arms despatched by France to China will, it is compulllted, lamount to abillt 11,000 men, and they are to proceed on their jolrnley with olt furtlher delay. General Conusin de 3Mon tullllbln, the nomlmnder-in-ehiefof tile French expedition, will prolceed tlhronaglh Egypt, and his l arrival in Chilla will precede thattt of his forces. A careflllv prepared code of sanitary ilustrlctions hIas been issued to the force, and tihe soldiers have been strictly dlrilled in "what to eat, drink, and avoid," as well as in the best way to clothe anld rest thlemtselves. lThe ' .\loiteur de 1' Armee' lpubllishes the following official advice to tile Fre.ch troops going to China:-" I. Have warm clothing in winter. 2. Never remain in damp or wet clothes unless you are at work or on the marcoh. 8. In sumlmer wvearl light clothing of soft wool, or arteca nires linen. Be cere'ful to wasli this clothing when it is so 'ked with perspliration. 4. Wear flannel' both as a waistcoat and round the abdomen; never leave it off. 5. Never sleep on tile bare ground ; pot a plank under your fGet when you stanlld still. 6. In sulmmner put aI little straiw upon your plauk, and cover it with a matting of ropleyarn or bamboo. 7. Never drink water, aLwdys tea. 8. Clarity your wiater, when itis muddy, with rclk alum. 9. lrink in moderation the spirits of the country, taking care to warm them first. The best spirits are those male from the sorgho (kso lylulng) or wheat. 10. Eat moderately. 11. Neverl eat ducks; the besat meat is"that of Tonqain, when not too fat. 12. Eat but slu'Lrngly of sweets and fruits. The angar caue is almost the only wholesome sweet thing. All others are either too heating, or it too cold upon the stomach. Naever eat fiuit ?.o rillape. 13. As soon as you arrive iii the collntlty acqllire the habit of ealtinlg rice as the natives cook it; their rice is much better than bh?eid, which is always heating. 14. Wlheon 0ij smoke, spit as little as possible. 15..:At night take care to cover your head well, and mnore tarticulsrly your eyes. 16. Ilihot weiitheri atvoid cold plnees; draughts l;e allways dangerous. 17. In sltring and ulltumnll take cate never to get wet footed on a morning. 18. Never talke a nap in thle day time.--'lTines,' December 3. 