LECTURE BY MADAME CAROLE ON CLAIRVOYANCE VERSUS WITCH- CRAFT Madame Carole delivered a lecture yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institute; Collins street, on ' Clairvoyance versus Witchcraft-' as elicited by Mr. Michie's lecture on the latter sub ject. The room was perfectly crowded, many people being turned away from the doors. Mr. Fairfax presided. Madame CAROLE prefaced her remarks by alluding to the prejudice violated by it lady appearing upon, a public platforn, and pro- ceeded by stating that the subject on which she was to lecture was one of mysterious beauty and sublime grandeur, evoking a power linking the material with the immaterial, typi- fying the internal by the external, and uniting humanity with its higher counterpart— divinity. On Friday week she had visited that institution hoping to learn something of the philosophy of ' Ghosts and Witchcraft,' but she felt bound deferentially to confess that she was disappointed ; because the matter in which the subject was handled failed to instruct or convince. They would recollect that one , poor pitiful remark, the one solitary idea which seemed to be original was aimed at her, not personally, she presumed, but as some mythical object whose picture reflected itself upon the retina as an old 'spee wife' telling fortunes from the magical shuffling of a bunch of cards. She had a great objection to such a picture being presented as her fac-simile besides which she thought Mr. Michie had yet to learn that assertion was not proof. With regard to Mr. Michie's assertion that clair- voyance was a spectra(?) of second sight, laughed out of Scotland to the refuge in Melbourne, she begged to state that clairvoyance was not second sight, neither was second sight a translation of it, clairvoyance being a French word, signifying penetration, derived from the adjective ' clair,' bright, or open, and the inti- nitive of the verb ' voir, ' to see. This question of derivation appears at first so trivial as to be be- neath the serious attention of investigation, but she felt that the attendance that evening mani- fested some degree of interest in the subject, and deserved that each step respecting it should 'be elucidated. Her motives in lecturing were not to earn for herself that injudiciously used epithet ' a strong minded woman,' a name with which some of her sex, who thought for themselves, were branded ; but she ventured to make her very ' woman's weakness ' a plea for requesting an hour's chat in her own self taught, and, she trusted, unoffending, way. It was no easy task to become the herald of a sub- ject so little understood as to be ridiculed as a sport, or denounced as a fraud— no trifling ordeal to brenk down the obstacles which always opposed a new theory— no school girl's play to become the pioneer, if she might use that maseu line expression, of a doctrine so startling and yet so scantily investigated as to be still in the dark stream of scepticism. Two years previous she had launched her little bark of hopes and fears in Mel- bourne, with nought to guide but firm integrity of purpose, and during those two years every species of test, rational and irrational, had been imposed upon a scientific practice, which through all prejudice had done its work of usefulness,' as many ,many could testily, whose names were worthy of being citizens among them. The first instructive work she would refer her hearers to was one in, the Public Library entitled ' Re searches in Magnetism, Electricity, Heat, Light, Crystallisation, and Chemical Attraction in their relation to Vital Force,' by Karl Baun von Reichenbach, translated by Dr. Gregory, Professor of Chemistry in the University of Edinburgh. Tho profound philo- sopher who wrote that work seemed determined to leave nothing to imagination, but to subject all things to the test of experiment, and to rest all his conclusions on the solid basis of estab- lished facts. He gave a series of primary obser- vations and experiments in verification of facts requiring to be rectified and classified before a beginning even could be made in establishing a sound theory of human magnetism. These inductive experiments left little room to doubt that animal magnetism was a na- tural truth of great importance, and showed that the artificial magnet and the natural magnet or crystal contained a vital power separate from magnetism, and acting to a greater or less cxtent upon the vital powers especially of the more susceptible. Through this principle the magnet had power to induce the so-called magnetic sleep. This principle, termed by Reichenbach ' Odie, manifested itself visually by a luminous cloud or flame at the poles of the magnets, or along their surfaces when presented in the dark, and such magnet by this force had power to attract the hand, foot, or head, and to act upon the body as upon iron or steel. Tho same author also proved that the sun's rays and the light of the moon possess the same power, and that this great magnetic influence or phos- phorescent light may be seen in graveyards over recently interned bodies, a phenomena that had in all probability given, rise to the belief, in "ghosts and apparitions." Digestion and respir- ation were u fertile source of the "odie,"which increased with the day, reaching its ultimatum in the evening, Hence the adaptation of human magnetism was more to be relied upon at the dose of day; so that after all the great exposi- tion of ghosts,' such shadows might have a perfectly natural existence without any fraternal help from tke underground flow, Reifhenbach taught that the earth was a great natural magnet, and the aurora an atmosphere of ' Odie.' That man was a magnet (and woman, too, she thought, should have been added), whose left side was ' Odie ' positive, and right side ' Odie ' negative, from which condi- tion was produced the physic 'logical state termed clairvoyance. Madame Carole then reviewed Dr. Alphoase Teste's -works, citing his assertion that Egyptian history spoke of a class of persons who worked extraordinary cures by ths mere opposition of the hands, and cured sick patienis by blowing; and that the history : of every ancient nation plainly pointed to the em- ployment of the power to which she had devoted so much investigation. After speaking of second sight, and narrating an instance of it which fell under her personal observation she said that she did not give us an instance of ' clairvoyance,' which -was another phase of susceptibility, dependent on the electric aroma in which all nature was eternally bathed. Speaking of the spiritually awakened perception, of magnetism she quoted a 'letter of Dr. Gregory's, giving a remark- able instance of the faculty of vision possessed by means of clairvoyancy, and contended that such facts as were narrated in it would almost disarm the unbeliever. But, alas! there were many wise men amongst them who were not wise at all times, and there were many fine spirits so mis- taken as to gather clouds about their path which obscured the light of heaven; philosophers 'like poor' Peter Bell ' — ' A primrose by the river's brim 'A yellow primrose was to him ; ' And it was nothing move.' : Madame Carole proceeded to state, however, that this 'Odie' would eventually permeate all space, and that the era was fast approaching when its great truth would be acknowledged as the culmination of all philosophy, all science, and the handmaid of earth's generations. In proof of this she recalled the ridicule originally heaped upon the ideas of propelling vessels by steam, in the Edin- burgh Review, and concluded by trusting that the example' she had given was sufficient to evidence that truth marched slowly, and the greatest truth slowest of all. At the conclusion of her talented address the lecturer was warmly applauded, and a vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the company separated.- Mr. Michie had originally been invited to preside, but wrote to state that he was unable to tin so ; and Dr. Eades, who had kindly promised to discharge the onerous duties of that post was precluded by a professional call from keeping his engagement. A letter explain ing his absence was read to the audience. 