THE MODEL FRENCH DETECTIVE, An anecdote illustrative of Vidocq, tho great French detective's cleverness, runs as fol lows : At the time of the first invasion of France by the Allies, ns the disinterested con- duct of the enemy was not a perfectly estab lished fact, everybody Bet to work to in vent hiding places for valuables, out of the reach of Cossack rapacity. A Monsieur Senard, a jeweller in the Palais Royal, on going to visit one of his friends, the cure of Livry, near Pontoise, found him busily em ployed in having a hole dug in which he might temporarily bury, in the first place, the church plate, and secondly his own little property. The man who was digging the hole had en joyed the cure's confidence for thirty years. He was a cooper by trade. He was also church warden, sacristan, bell ringer, and factotum. Never during the course of his life had old Moiselet given the slightest ground for suspi cion, either with respect to his devotion or mo rality. M. Senard conceived the idea of taking ad vantage of the good cure's hiding plape to en sure the safety of three hundred thousand francs' worth of diamonds (£12,000) which he brought the next morning in a little box. The joint treasure wus deposited in the ground six feet deep, covered and con cealed in such a way as to throw any curiouB enquirer off the scent. The Cossacks did not fail to pay a visit to Livry and its environs, where they made a few discoveries ; but thanks so oiu ivxoiseiei. a ingenuity, we precious depo sit escaped their cupidity. The good curs rubbed his hands, and con gratulated himself on his innocent trick, when one day — it ought to have been a Friday— Moiselet rushed in more dead than alive, and announced that the treasure had been ab stracted. Both rushed to the spot. All they gained from their inspection of it was the wretched fact that the robbery was complete; the rascally Cossacks had not done things by halves ; the heretics, the pagans 1 They had carried off all, even the sacred vessels. The poor cure nearly fell backwards when he be held the full extent of his loss ; Moiselet for his part was frightful to look at ; he sighed and groaned as if he were giving up the ghost. This dreadful misfortune could not have af flicted him raoro keenly had it been his own personal loss. The violence of his grief pre vented his accompanying Monsieur le Cure, who took the first vehicle to acquaint his friend .Senard with the news. Senard cleared the distance between the Pa lais Royal and the Prefecture of Police at a single bound. He did not scruple to lay the theft of the treasure on the shoulders of the very person who had hidden it t on the smooth spoken, the pious, the afflicted old Moiselet. M. Henry was of the same opinion, in spite of all the cure could say to testify to his sacris tan's honor ; also was it Yidocq's opinion, at the first word he heard about the business ; but mentioned that the affair was beset with thornB. Xet he would undertake it, and he did not despair of coming off with flying co lours. ' Incur,' said M. Senard, ' whatever expense you think necessary. My purse is at your dis posal, and am ready to make any sacrifice. Only find me my box of diamonds, and there are 10,000 francs for you.' In spite of M. Senard's successive abate ments in proportion as the discovery seemed more probable, .Vidocq promised to do every thing in his power. M. Senard and the care returned to Pontoise, and the result of their depositions was the arrest and examination of Moiselet. They tried him in alL ways to get him to confess his guilt, but he persisted in de claring bis innocence, and the accusation was on the point of melting into air, when Yido cq set one of his cleverest agents to work. This person, wearing a military uniform and with his left arm in a sling, presented himself to Moiselet's wife, with a billet for lodgings. He was supposed to be just discharged from the hospital, and that it had been his intention to remain at Livry only eight and forty hours ; but a few minutes , after his arrival, he bad a fall, and an artificial sprain, which prevented the possibility of his continuing his jduruey. Tho mayor, therefore, : decided that he should, be the cooperess's guest. Madame Moiselet was one of those hearty jovial bodies who have no scruple about living under the same roof with a wounded conscript; and she was not yet thirty six. Moreover, evil tongues reproached her with a weakness for for a cheerful glass. The pretended soldier did not fail tc flatter every foible chrough which she was accessible, even open ing his purse to pay for the bottles of wine. He acted as her secretary, and wrote letters to her husband in prison. He practised on her vanity and love of show, by Bending a female pedlar to tempt her with gaudy goods, which perhaps might draw some of the cure's cash out ot its hidden retreat, or bring forward some of the church Dlate bv wav of exchange : but all in vain. Madame Moiselet was discretion itself ; Bhe was a phoenix of prudence. Her guarded resistance put Vidocq on his mettle ; be ordered his agent to cure his sprain and come back, and resolved to experimentalise on the husband. Disguised as a sort of German manservant, and without having given the least previous notice to the authorities, Vidocq began prow ling about the environs of Pontoise, with the intention of getting himself taken up. Nothing in the world was more easy for him to manage — he had so often given gendarmes the dodge that he knew perfectly well how to fall into their clutches. As he had no papers or passport to show, and as the commissary of police could not un derstand a word of his gibberish, the prison doors opened to receive him almost of thsir own accord. As soon as he was introduced into the prison yard, he recognised Mpiselet. Feigning to find his countenance more agreeable and en gaging than the faces of the. other prisoners, he made him understand rather by gestures than by words, that he wished to treat him to a bottle of wine, by way of paying his footing. Moiselet conducted him to hiB chamber, and the bottles were emptied one after another. Vidocq pretended .to be dead drunk ; so that the gaoler, who took part in the libations, very naturally set up a bed for him in his new | friend's room. It waB all he wanted, and Moiselet was delighted, for he found Vidocq to be On amiable and generous companion. . When the two first bottles were paid for, Vidocq, : unstitching a button from his coat, had extracted from it a Napoleon.' Next morning Moiselet inquired if he had any more ? Vi docq made him understand that every one of his buttons' was garnished with the same lining, with the exception that the large buttons con tained double Napoleons, while the small but tons had only single ones. The old sacristan jumped for joy ; he had no money, or if he had ' it did not spit hj; purpose tp show it. He.was. charmed at finding n comrade who prodigally met their common expenses, without usking for anything in return beyond the pleasure of his company. In the impossibility of persuad ing his amiable guest to speak French, Moise- lett attempted to speak what, on the stage, passes by courtesy for broken German. It was in this frightful jargon, enough to discon- cept a Frankfort Jew, that Vidocq, without n great deal of persuasion, related his story, framed for the circumstances. Although the narrative did not sin by excess of lucidity, Moiselet easily comprehended that his new friend had, at the battle of Montereau stolen his master's portmanteau and concealed it in the Forest of Bondy ; and as the confes sion did not appear either to astonish him or to shock his feelings. Vidocq came to the con clusion that his friend's conscience was tolera bly lax and wide and no longer doubted that he knew better than anybody else what had be come of the cure's little property, the sacred i vessels, and M. Senard's diamonds. He began I to vaunt the pleasant life that was led on the I other side of the Rhine, the beauty of the wo- ! men, and the excellence of tho wines. He j got him to express the desire he felt of going | to Germany, as soon as he had recovered his ; liberty. Persuaded from that moment that his com- ! panion, at his time of life, would not entertain such a project unless he knew where to procure money, Vidocq wrote to the Proeuren du Roi, ! made himself known as the head of the Police de Surete, and begged him to order that he alinnlrl Ka itomnvftt) TPlttl MniBdlpf. nnrlo fha pretence of being transferred, the one to Livry and the other to Paris. As may be supposed, the order had not long to be waited for. They were bound with only a very thin rope and on the road Moiselet made signs that it would be easy to break it. The further they ! travelled, the more he gave Vidocq to under- I stand that in him lay his only hope of safety ; i every minute he repeated his earnest entreaty I j not to be left behind, while Vidocq reassured him, by answering ambiguously, ' Ja, friend ! Frenchman. Ja, I not leave you. I not let I you go alone.' At last the decisive moment arrived; the rope was broken, and Vidocq cleared the ditch which separated the road from the underwood of the forest. Moiselet, who had recovered the legs of his youth, rushed after. One of the gendarmes dismounted to pursue them ; but how was it possible, even with all the good will in the world, to run, and above all to jump, in jack boots and with a heavy sabre I Whilst the gandarme made a circuit to inter cept his prisoners, they disappeared in the thicket. They followed a path which led them to the wood of Vaujours, There Moiselet halted; and after looking carefully around, directed his steps towards a thicket of bushes. He then stooped, thrust his arm into one of the densest tufts, and drew forth a spade. He rose ab ruptly, advanced several paces without uttering 'a word, and when they came to a birch tree, several twigs of which snapped short, he took off his hat and coat, and set to work to dig vi ith all his might and main. He labored with such hearty good will that his task progressed rapidly. All of a sudden he threw himself back, uttering a long drawn sigh of satisfac tion, which told his companion that, without the aid of a diviner's wand, he bad succeeded in <lioAAtfamnry a tponniifo TKo pnnnos eoomail on the point of fainting from excess of joy : but he speedily recovered himself. The remo val of two or three more shovelfuls of earth exposed the box to view ; he laid hold of it and pulled it out. While so doing, Vidocq seized the instrument of discovery, aud, -V suddenly changing his tone, declared that the emigrant to Germany was his prisoner. ' If you make the slightest resistance,' he said, I'll dash your brains out,' . . . At this threat, Moiselet thought he .was dreaming; but when he felt himself in the grasp of that iron hand which had. grappled with tho most desperate ruffians, he must have been convinced that it was no dream, but !,a terrible reality. He became as gentle as a lamb ; Vidocq bad promised not to desert him,'' and he kept his word. i i . During bis walk to the genderraes' station house be kept exclaiming over and over , again I - am , a ruined man 1 Who; wqult- have thought it?. : He' seemed Biich' a h'armkss.aort. ; of fellow? Who would have thought it ?' r Moiselet was tried at the Versaifiea lAsisi?eB, and condemned to six years' seclusion. "M. Senard was ,delighted;hqyond measure at the -recovery of his three - hundred' thousand francs' worth, of 'diamonds j'Jiut, .'faithful. to. 'hiB. downward' sliding scale, he cut down' the Js- ward to. one half, and even then Vidocq had a hard task to get:him to pay' in cash the five thousand francs', out of which he had expended more than two. At one time he was afraid that he would have to suffer the loss for his pains. Note here, that Vidocq never attempted to conceal this trifling perquisite of three thou- ijuUU ilttUhO) ttUj' LUttlg ilO U1U UlUCl CAllU gratuities. Similar additions to his income were by no means rare, and they serve to ex plain quite satisfactorily, how, with a fixed salary of only five thousand francs a year, he resigned office, after having held it for more than eighteen years, with something like a little fortune. Clerical Warriors. — So many friars and curates have sought admission into the Gari- baltlian ranks, that the pro-Dictator Depretis hrs heen compelled to form a special brigade of these sacred warriors, aud accordingly he has named Don Paulo Sardo, a Benedictine, colonel of the corps, who wears a sable uniform.— London Paper. The Power of Birds to Communicate I Information to Each Other. — All birds are either daily or nightly employed in seeking out their food, and sonie -being at times more fortunate than others, undoubtedly possess the power ot communicating their success to their own fraternity. I have frequently observed three or four small birds in a newly sown field of oats, evidently local inhabitants ; in a few days their numbers would be increased by hun dreds of strangers from a distance. If one so litary jackdaw discovers your cherry tree, he will most assuredly introduce all his acquain tances to the fruit. A rook will also, in some mysterious u»ny, influence a large flock to Bhare with him your early potatoes or corn when once he discovers the desired treasure. The alarm note of tho parent will silence the noisy chirping of its young, and large birds, by a peculiar motion of the wing and manner of flight when high up in the air, and too distant to be heard, will signal danger to those upon the ground unconscious of the Btoalthy approach of the enemy. . It is to the eyes, and not their nostrils, that they owe their safety upon such occasions, and it is a mistake to suppose that they either Bmell you or the powder in your gun. — A Good Observer, Roscrea> June 25ih— . P— Field. ' . 