BERMON OF REV. DR. CAHILL ON THE-; : - IMMACULATE CONCEPTION'; V' li Delivered in St. James' Cathedral, Brook- .' xyn, - on Sunday, March 25, for .the .Benefit of tue Sisters oe Mercy.- ??:? ?'--? - St. James' Cathedral was literally crowded on ?Sunday, March 25, the occasion being the de fliveryof a sermon onthe' Immaculate Conception' 'by the Rev. Dr. Cahill for the benefit of the Sisters of Mercy. The Right Dr. Loughlin was present, and there was also a large number of the Reverend clergy in the sanctuary, among whom we observed the Very Rev. Win. Starrs, V. G., Very Rev. M, M'Carron, Rev. Messrs. Curran, O Neill, M'Kenna, Maguire, Cassidy, and others. A little before eight' the Rev. Dr. .Cahill appeared upon the altar, and faliypied the sermon as follows .: — Dearest Brethren. — Mankind since the be ginning of the world never saw such a day as the aninv.erflary' we aro now met to celebrate. This is : the 25th of March, the date of the Aununciation of the Blessed Virgin, the festival being put off till to. .morrow, but wo meet to celebrate it on this day for a purpose of my own, and I again repeat that up to that period and perhaps since, mankind never did or ?never will behold such a day, as the anniversary we now celebrate. God the Father in a week painted ?the skies — a great work. He took out his imperial ?compasses and he swept the wide arch of the Uni verse, and within the circle he put all things that eyo can behold. He drew forth his large om-' nipotent imperial brush, and painted the -gorgeous and glorious colors that we see above us. But the ?day that the Second Person of the Trinity, the Son of God, deigned to unite himself with our nature — to descend as it were from His throne 'to unite Kimseli with man, to elevate man to Heaven, .above the nngels— the day that He did this is without excep tion the greatest and the most glorious that mankind ever met to celebrate. You are aware that' when Adam fell the gates of Heaven were bolted against him nnd-his posterity^ But yesterday a heap of clay, to day an organized ?being with an immortal soul, who could have ever supposed he could rebel against -God, his Father— iiis -Creator ? Who could have supposed that he would have been so mad as to fprfett for an apple hi* jjlorious privileges? The day Heaven was bolted against him, his raoe was excluded, the eaith 'On which he stood was cursed, God withdrew His immediate patronage fro'm him, and the darkuesc of night settled down like a cloud over the whole earth. ?But see how great is the justice of God, how im penetrable His ways, how unsearchable His jnngr ments, what may be called His just vengeance After thousands of years, during which the earth was i covered, with pitch darkness and man excluded, only to be saved by a belief in a future day of hope. It is on'.tuis day that Heaven begins to be reconciled .'.-?.., k - ?? ? . . ....... .U ... ..,?? .. . . . -^ ',? .:. . 4:.i to man and the Second Person of (he Trinity begins to'heiiuiiied with' our nature. Think' till' fancy is . exhausted nnd who brnld have supposed that a rebel j could'h* so lifted. The Son of'Godiong 'before the; : foundation of the world was laid, long 'before the . eaven of tl-e angels was 'formed, long 'befoTe a rsingle creature was created, long-before Adam was! made, addressed His 'Father and said-: 'Father it is ?writtenin theTiead of the'bodk that Tou could not be: pleased w'Kh the blood of goats and oscen. It is written in the head of 'the'torik in the -very'first'of 'Our transactions that these sacrifices could not 'please .You, and ? behold I come to 'offer myself, Man will fall— I know it 'because 1 see into futurity. .1 ?'knoW that Adam will' fall, and I 'know that he! ican never Tedeem himself. How could darkness , produce light V How could crime produce virtue 1 .How can the rebel who is finite pay off a debt which is infinite.?' How can finity pay infinity ? There fore, 'Father, do You recollect :it was entered into .the book of Our transactions — it was not'even -at the end'of the first page, but it was in the beginning of the first page — what St. Paul calls the masterpiece 'of the power and wisdom of God. Man cannot pay you, therefore 1 stand before you in my bare 'head, and I say pour upon my head the vials of your wrath. Under the immutability of sin here I come as the, only mode of compensation, and pour upon ?me the vial 'of your reddest wrath. Four thousand years elapsed before that eternal promise was fulfilled, but as sure as God lives, that ?prorni3O was to be fulfilled, 'and therefore this is the day — the 25th of March — when the Angel Gabriel announced to Mary that this great compact was to ?be realized, and that *God was to 'be united with man. And He stood 'before the throne of God as a ^criminal to pay the infinite debt which Adam in curred by his transgression. This is decidedly the most important fact that evsr the Church of God ?could celebrate. I have, therefore, token an ad vantage of this festival to discuss for you one of the most beautiful dogmas of our faith, the Imma culate Conception of the ever Blessed Virgin, But before I enter upon my subject, I must again return ?to a second view of the fact I have published to you, namely, the fall of man. If man have ntver fallen, all the writers that -speak upon the subject say what a glorious place this earth would be. If man had never fallen, he would have been innocent, guileless, without sin,' without crime, faultless, no death of course, for 'death is the funishment of sin'— such is the beautiful language of the Church. If be had not fallen or sinned he would have had no fault, and how could a being without fault be punished. An honest man would not punish him, and certainly God would not. What'a beautiful thought of these sacred writers. Man, therefore, would 'finish his course upon the earth,' and when the time would expire that God allotted, he would rise like a spark to Heaven. At ?present tjiere are alout eleven hun- ' dred millions on the earth; .and.' about six hundred and forty thousand die every day, so that every day more than half a million appear before the tribunal of God. What an awful idea that isT If, there fore, man-had not sinned, the same cumber would ' appear before the presence of God, and be 'received [into Heaven. Would it nsl have been easier for God, you ask, to have all men appear from the 'depths of the sea and the bowels of the earth at the last day, than.to have them come before Hi n when '?they die? It was God's intention before man sinned, ffliat, when he had finished his earthly career he should ' , rise, like a spark, to the skies; but he has now or dered it otherwise, and therefore at the last day all ihe dead shall arise at the sound of the trumpet,: 'and all man'kindllshall,be gathered togather to re ceive 'their final judgment. Now what a ?l)eautiful'1 territory this earth would be if there was no sin ; it is as perfect r.s omnipotence could make it, given the material of which it is composed — the Omni potent Power could not make it better than it is. 'tthe only things by which it is deformed are sin and ?death. All ithe irregularities which we -see arise' from these, and were it not for sin and death we eouldlook at the blue vault over our heads, and admire its gorgeous beauty without 'being oppressed |with 'the thoug-ht .that -the earth beneath was cursed by' the transgression of man. But how can any one ;be' happy with death, the punishmerrt.of sin and all ' i's attendant evils. What a terrific punishment it is to lose one's senses, to have our eyes glazed in 'death, to he hated and abhorred by our .nearest friends, to be put into a coffin, nivi'lefi up, put into the earth, and devoured by worms ? Whoever heard anything like the sound of the clay falling upon the lid of the coffin. And the woman that loves her ! daughter most hates her when she is dead.- Sh wouldnot stay in the room in the dark with her . she would not sleep with her for all -the world. Now it is the same way in Heaven. The fondest mother ' saved will abhor the daughter damned. I come back to this world for my proof, and I say, ' why is it, fond mother, you cannot embrace yout dead, foul, . putrid daughter V Because she is in a position in opposition to me— that is, in death j and when you are at the throne of God you love everything He loves j His mind is your mind, His will is your will ; He pierces you as the sunlight pierces the ! glass, you arc filled with His essence, His mind is identified with your mind, you like what He likes, hate what He hates, but above all, you are an im mortal, eternal life, while your daughter is an im mortal, eternal death, and your abhorrence rises in proporfion as eternity rises above this world. What a terrific thing is sin, then, to be the cause of thie death. And we have death ever} where — death in ?the air,. death in the.water, death in the fire, death in our food, death in every .pore of the body, death from the hand of the assassin. How can any one he happy in an eternity, where all is death, the re G.ult of sin. And if any one of you would now pro. pose me the question — ' When Christ died, as you just said to us, did he atone for all the transgres sions of man?' He did. When His Father poured the vial of His red wrath on His head did He make sufficient atonement? Lie did ; for one drop of his blood was enough. He not only atoned, liut multiplied atonement by infinity. You reply — ' Is therefore the debt of the damned not paid?' 'Yes, and more than paid.' ' Why is not death removed if whole debt is more than paid ?' I will tell you. Although God His Father has forgiven crime as to its eternal punishment, he otill leaves a temporal -punishment behind, to remind the sinner not to commit it again. On the 'present point the grave is my proof. There is the atonement infinitely beyond what is necessary; that is my first proof, and the .grave is my second. Forgiven ? We are more than forgiven, but when you see the fresh grave dug there is the .temporal penalty ; and when you see that the saint died, and the little baby confined and carried to the churchyard after being baptized — put in a little coffin, with; its little breastplate — the baby inside but a day old — and when I meet a man of this world I say, ' Stand if you please j let us accompany this little funeral till I speak one sentence in your ear: Had this child committed any crime of its own, personally !' ,' No.' ' Why is it killed ?' ' Because it is the descendant-of Adam, the original rebel.' 'Oh! punished for his crime?' 'Decidedly.' His eternal guilt forgiven, no doubt; and it jias no 'personal sin to sully the pureness of the soul — but a day old, a1'' yet the imperial lash is lifted over its ''head-; it spares no oncj-theiking, the Wggar, the saint, the sinner, the'litfie baptized baby — are all to die under the 'lash as the result of original sin. '?And pray, sir,' I am -asked, ' If you now commit a mortal1 sin of -your own have 'you to do penanoe'for it ?' If the ba-by that committed no sin but merely belongs to the race of the rebel, and his crime is forgiven — the punishment of the grave still re maining— and yon commit a new sin of your own, will you answer me, are you not to perform .penance for if? 1 appeal to the grave, and I say you are bound to do penance all (he days of your life till the grave closes. 1 say, there is my proof, and if you commlt'a new sin of your own, is it not a clear case you are bound to 'begin your penance even though the eternal guilt is forgiven ? If any man told you God is good, you are forgiven. I say yes, but the grave is there, and it is an imperturbable fact every thing shows that. What a glorious day, therefore, thi3 is — the -beginning of a new era, the descent of the Son of 'God to earth, and the'lifting'out of hell and the bringing of man up toiieaven. I therefore take advantage'of this day to bring before you the Immaculate Conception, ' immediately connected with the two points to which I call your attention. And you -ask me what is the Immaculate Concep tion? Tt is that the Blessed Virgin was not only free from personal and original sin in this world, but that she was free from the stain when she was in Tier mother's womb, at the moment of lier con ception. She was not only pure after she was born, but, by the decree of God, she was free from the stain of original sin at the first moment she had life — she was immaculate — stainless. But you say — How is 'it possible that any theologian can state that fact? I will proceed to the proof. Without personal sin, and without original sin ! What an idea that'! Free at the moment of her conception — no sin. She lid not begin to be without sin at sixteen, or fifteen, trr fourteen, or ten years of age. I repeat it again and again, there was no moment of her existence when she had sin, even original. You demand my proofs and I proceed to give them to you, and I hope to raaite the case satisfactory. When Adam fell as I just now pointed out to you, and eat the apple, God, or as it is said in the Scriptures, an angel representing Him said, ' Adam, where art thou .?' — why don't you appear 1 — and Adam entered into a dialogue with the representative of God himself. He said, 'I heard Thy voice in paradise and I was afraid, because I was naked and I bid myself.' And -3od said to him, ' Who hath tdldthee ithat thou wast naked, but that thou hast eaten of the tree whereof I commanded that thou shouldst not eat.' And Adam said, ' The woman whom thou gavest me;lo be my companion gave me of the ttee and I did eat.' And God said, ' Because you have done this thing I have cursed the earth' and it will bring forth thorns and thistles.' And to Jhe woman ;He .said, 'you shall bring forth your children in sorrow, and I shall place you under the dominion of your husband,' . and I know what a hard thing that is sometimes; To the ser pentHe said, 'Because thou hast done this thing, thou art;cursed among cattle, and I will put enmi ties between thee and the woman, and her seed and thy seed. She shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lay in wait for her heel.' We are astounded when we hear those words from God the Father in Para dise! What does this language of God the Father mean — to the serpent you shall be cursed among animals? It means that a day will come when woman or the seed of woman will crush the serpent's head. Who is the woman who shall do this ? The mother of our Lord. She it. was wbq-bioughtforth Ithe, Saviour, and thus crushed the head of the ser pent. Oh, you say that is a gnmt expression com ing from the mouth of God Himself. God the Father, therefore, beyond all dispute, has foretold in the Garden of Paradise, the very day that Adam fell, without a moment of interval, what he would do to save the .fallen man. Said he, you are carsed, but I hold out to you a hope on the spot of your Balvation, The day will come when you shall trample on the serpent, when the seed of the woman shall crush his head. And all that believed in the future Saviour and kept the Commandments were saved. We believe in the Saviour having come — ? past tense — while they believed in a Saviour who was to come — future tense. The same principle, only that in the one instance it refers to. the past and in the other -to the future, but the tenses and moods of grammar cannot have any influence on the eternal principles of God. . Who is the woman fore told four thousand years before she was born to be the- mother of the Saviour? What kind of woman ought she to be? A sinner? I shonld think not. I could hot think that God the Father wou'id name a sinner to be the mother of His son. It does not look like what he would do. I should expect she would be the most perfect creature that ever lived. I am now only in the beginning of my discussion, and you will please to follow me accurately. T need not say how delighted I am to see you come in such great numbers. You please me beyond everything. You pay a compliment to me and to the good Sis iters of Mercy who are working and struggling for you all; Who, I ask, is the woman ? Is she a sinner? I should not judge. That would be a terrible case — -that would be disgrace to God and a scandal to man — it would be a premium on vice, putting the highest crown upon the individual in the possession of the devil — making the Saviour drink the hot milk out of a heart possessed by the devil. Oh, no, I don't believe that. I would expect, therefore, that she ought to be the most wonderful creature that ever came from the creative hand of God. All the angels, perfect as they are, veil their faces with their wings in his presence. They are creatures made by God the Father, they are not his relatives, but his Mother is his nearest -relative, and I can scarcely fancy if the pure spirit cover their faces with their winga, so pure is He, that He would select for His Mother one who was stained with sin —it would overturn all my ideas ol the purity of the Creator. l-To, t don't believe that. I cannot com prehend how the infant Saviour could put his little arms around the neck of a being in mortal sin. I cannot conceive how His little veins would be filled with her blood, and that the blood of a being steeped in mortal guilt. I think there is no one before me that will not say I am decidedly .of your opinion so far. I think she ought to be the most perfect being that ever existed. Now wo come to the Old Law. Adam, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and ?Levi, Moses — seven men — whose lives bring us down to 4236, and yet in this time there is not a woid about Mary. ? We hear no more of her except what occasionally flashes upon us whon the written law was given to Moses, and when she is spoken of as some beautiful flower, a glorious Virgin, above tlie angels and archangels, the pride of the Nation, the Jloyal Virgin, descended from a race of kings. Certainly it must be something very extraordinary, for through their writings we have occasional flashes of this mysterious creature. Well, from Moses to David, we come to the year 2,900 of the world, and we are told, was a descendant of David, a royal virgin, of royal extraction. Before we come down auy further we see that she certainly answeis the description given of her, and God said 'Heaven: and earth shall pass away, but my word shall never, pass away.' Every word he said ubont this woman ? crushing the serpent's bead is true, and it will take place in'tbe long length of his reasoning. We live ? but for a day — He is for eternity. There is a woman that-answers (his description, is so very like; her, and in the meantime wliile you aTe discussing this case the whole thing ia unravelled. About the age of fifteen or sixteen years the angel Gabriel met .her — 'no, not the angel, but the archangel 'Gabriel — the highest minister of the imperial court of Heaven — no he did not meet her, he was ?sent to her. He was -sent from whom 1 (From God theTather. How beautiful ! Four thousand years ?after the fall of Adam. ' Hail Mary'!' he said — the highest word we have got in (he Hebrew to ex press salutation. It is a word signifying the greatest veneration in the salutation of anybody. '-Hail, Mary'!' Who told h i'm that her name was Mary? 'Full of grace'!'1 Just what we expected: when anything is full of another it ccunot 'contain any thing else. And what is grace ? St. Paul tells us it is the emanation of the Spirit of *Ood ; and we are also told that it is thecharity of God poured out on hurmin souls, an emanation of Himself. Of all the addresses that have been conceived was there ever anything so beautiful, and which so meets over case? ' Hail, Mary, full of grace' — full of the emanation of God! Before I advance further with my argu ment, I must say I would conclude from that very word, that Mary bad personally no sin:; because if she had any 3in, the words of the angel could not be applied to her — she could not be the mother of God. And the poor people (I call them poor not to express their poverty, but to show their afFection), they don't want anything more than that— ''Harl Mary full of grace1!' — God speaking these words and out of His lips everything must be judged according to its atomic value. But is this all ? No. ' The Lord is with thee.' God is not oirly your companion— He is with you. ' Blessed art thou among women !'' which means, you are more blessed than any other woman. What women does he mean ? The women of that generation ? No ! you are not to put that construction on it. He does not sty blessed in the past geneiation of women, nor in the present gene ration, nor in the future generation ; He speaks of all women from the beginning to the end of time. The HebTew p'hrase signifies -you are more blessed than all the women who have ever lived or ever will live. We have a word in our own language which is somewhat like it — we say, 'he is brave among the bravej' or 'ihe is learned among the learned,' meaning that even the brave ac knowledge his superior bravery ; even the learned acknowledge the superiority of his learning. ' Blessed art thou among women '.' Mary, you are full of the emanation of God, and no woman that ever lived could equal you in blessedness — ' and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.' The same blessedness, the same freedom from sin is ascribed to Mary as to the fruit of her womb. She was not and could not be as perfect as he-: but in freedom from sin she was like him. Don't you see now the Holy Ghost in that phrase? What man could paint it m proper 'Colours — who could paint even the very language. I see the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. ' Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.' The same word applied to Chri3t and to Mary. Had Christ any original er .personal sin-? Certainly not. Would you' not take it that Mary was equal to him in point of. blessedness? 'Hail Mary, full of Grace ! The Lord is with theej Blessed art thou ja.m.ong.,wojnencandj^^ ?Nowy we i 'haVe here the words of the Father in Paradise .clearly expounded. She is 'the most per fect creature .that ever -lived among women; for, although the Saviour had not as yet atoned and died for sin, she-has no'sin. Blessed ! No woman that ever has been, or ever will -be, i3 equal to you in blessedness. She is as free from sin as Christ. Does riot St. Paul tell us that we ware all born chil dren of wrath ? He did; and so we are, except the cases that God did riot include, and fihere are such cases. So, then,' we are not all. born children of wrath 1 -'We are, except the cases that are not in ? eluded. And cannot God make exceptions ? Can* not theiKirig who made 'the law make exceptional, cases in their application ? And lu.s he done so? He has in the case of John the Baptist— Johu,; who was sanctiGed in his 'mother's womb three months' before He was born— he was an exception to the law mafic by -5od Himself. Arid we only ask : for, Mary three months beyond John the Baptist. I proceed to- readrfioiri' St. Luke for you from chapter the first, beginning with' the 26th verse: And in the sixth' month,, the Angel- ©abriel. was sent from God into a city of Galilee, .called Naza reth. ' , . ' '' '??''; '???','?: ..;',-. .. . To a Virgin espoused to a man. whose; name. was. Joseph, of the house of David ; and. the' virgin's name was Mary. And the Angel beins come in, said to her.: hail full of grace, the Lord is with thee-: Blessed art thou among women. Who having heard, was troubled with his sajinjj, and thought what manner of salutation this should be, And the Angel said to her : fpar not, Mary, for thou hast found grace with God. Behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and shalt bring forth a sou ; and thou shalt call his name Jesus. lie shrvll be great, and shall be called the Son of the Most High, and the Lord shall give unto him the throne of David his father: and he shall feign in the house of Jacob for ever. And of his kingdom there shall be no end. And Mary said to the Angel:: How shall this be done, because 1 fcnow not man ? And the Angel, answering, said to her: The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Most High shall overshadow thee. And -therefore also* the Holy Ghost shall be born of triee shall be called the son of God. And behold thy cousin Elizabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age ; and this is the sixth month with her that is called barren : Because no word shall be impossible to God. A.nd Maiy said: Behold the handmaid of the Lord, be it done to me according to thy word. And the Angel departed from her. And Mary rising up in those days, went into the hill country in haste into a city of Judea. j And she entered -i»tothe house of Zachary, and saluted Elizabeth. And it came to pass, that when Elizabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the infant leaped in her womb. And Elizabeth was filled with the Holy ?Ghost. We ure told the infant leaped in her womb. Per haps you will say this is all excitement j but you will soon find it was not. ' And Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost.' Now she could not bo filled if there was original sin in her, and the consequence is that Elizabeth and her -child wore free from original sin by that fact, and that John was sanctified three months before he was born. There could have been no sin, of course, if she was filled with the Holy Ghost. So that what St. Paul said is true, but these are the exceptional cases. 'And she cried out with a loud voice and said : ?' Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.' Who told Elizabeth that? The Holy Ghost. ' And whence is this to mo the mother of my Lord should come to me ?' The English of this is —how have I deierved the honor that the mother of my Lord should come to me. Who told ier.this .? The Holy Ghost. Is there no honor to ibe paid to Mary after that, whenthe -Holy, 'Ghost utters 'such words ? Would you not think that evejjy scholar in the world would pay henor to this woman's memory? I would pay honor to the man who struck the claims off his conntry ; H would pay honor to the man of charitable heart, whose benevo. lence relieves the distresses of the poor and the afflicted ; I wouldpay honor'to the man whose look spreads sunshine on the path of the unfortunate; 'I don't wonder at bigotry 'and prejudice refusing honor to the mother of 'God, 'but I wonder at the scholar who refuses to doit. In England I know that the opposition to Catholicity is so bitter, that whatever -we honor they deipiBe, whatever we love ?they hate. Because we use holy water, they ridicule it ; because we venerate'the cross they would trample on it ; because w have seven sacraments, they will have none at all ; and I should not wonder, if be cause we pray on our fcnees they would pray on horseback. But let us return to the subject of which we were speaking — ' And whence 13 this to me that the mother of my Lord should come to me. For behold,' said Elizabeth, ' as soon as the ?voice of the salutation sounded in my ears, the in fant in my womb leaped for joy. And blessed art thou that has believed, because those things shall be accomplished that were spoken to thee by the Lord: And Mary said : My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. Because 'he hath regarded tire humility -of his handsmaid ; for behold, henceforth all genera tions-shall call me blessed.' Here we have prophecy.. What'is-she called? She is a-virein andOiennaine 'is Mary, -she is 'bleraed, 'and 'She says all nations ?shall call her blessed, and her words are ?Tul1filledi 'for she is not called ' Ever Blessed Virgin.' I always wrile in this way, and so would any scholar. ' Because He that is mighty 'hath done great things to me; arid holy is His 'name. And His ?mercy is from generation unto generation to them that fear Him. He hath esalted the humble.' She was humble and she was exalted. I'll ere is a great passage. I am great, I am exalted, even the mighty God has done great-things to me. About four years ago all the Bishops of the world were written to by the Pope, to know what ^as their opinion in regard to the Immaculate Conception. The words ' Immaculate Conception' are not in ?the text, but don't -ydu think, from all the reasoning, that it is contained in it ? I think there is no man, or set of men, who would say that any other ease would fit this set of words except that of the Im maculate Conception. We deduce the word sancti fication from the fact of his leaping with joy — a de duction patent from that fact. Now, if we could : get a deduction of that kind in Mary's case, should we not come to the conclusion that she must have been immaculate. In the Apostles' Creed we saj', ' I believe in God the Father Almighty, maker of Heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who we* conceived by the Holy . Ghost, and was botn of the Virgin Mary !' Born Df the Virgin Mary ! Why, she must be immacu late. Out of this principle in the Creed I take the deduction — Immaculate Conception. These are very remarkable words— '. born ol the Virgin Mary' — one of the articles of the Creed at the time of the Apostles. Why, 1 muat conclude that she was immaculate in her conception. Accordingly all the Bishops wrote to the Pope, and their unanimous opinion is that the Blessed Virgin was immaculate.1 We always believed that she was, but it was never settled as a dogma before, although jt was the uni versal belief of all Catholics. We all believed it, and we called upon the Pope, the Father, to pro nounce upon that article, and he has done bo. The only difference between now and the time be fore it was pronounced is, that all must now accept it as an article of Faith, and that whoever refeses to believe it must suffer the penalty, ' Dearest brethren, I have now argued the whole case for you. There ii the doctrine which is now promulgated by the Pope. The Immaculate Con ception is a deSncfion implicitly contained in the explicit first article of faith, '' born of the Virgin Mary— conceived of the Holy Ghost. The first article we believe in implicitly, and it is contained in the other article we believed in implicitly. Mary is the most glorious name in the Christian Church, foretold by God the Father four thousand years be fore she was born. She stands before all coming time as the Mother of God, regarded by him as His mother, and as in the case of the miracle at the ?marriage feast at Cana, obeying her wish, and ma king even an apology to her for the little word He said to her — ' my hour is not yet come.' Nay, more, when hanging on the cross, suspended between Heaven : and earth, and wiifen in Kis agony He ssw : His motiier kneeling at the foot of the cross — she who had followed Him when all else, except His beloved disciple, abandoned him — when He looked down and saw His Mother weeping, He said to John, '' Behold thy mother' — John, you wbom I have loved more than all the other Apostles, He gives her over His Apostles the same positions which she held over him. What, over an Apostle, a Bishop, a pillar of the Church ? Yes, and He was to be submissive to her as a mother. She was to exercise her maternal control over him and over the church. Don't you think she has great power, then, and don't it stand to reason' that she ought to be the greatest of created beings ? Therefore it is that we say MaTy Queen of Virgins, Queen of Pxtriarchs and Apostles, Queen of all the saints. How beautiful is that Litany. What woman, therefore, would not place her daughter under her protection, and put her medel round her neok. When I see a woman who ?will not .plaoe her daughter, or father who will not place his ton under her protection, I fear for that girl, I fear for that boy. Teach young, children to repeat the Litany of the Blessed Virgin, What more beautiful .prayer than that. The Litany of Jesusin the morning that He may protect us through the dangers of the day, and the Litany of the Blessed Virgin at evening that she may watch orer us through the night. The little children in Ireland attending these schools by means of which they hoped to rob us of our fsich, say the Angelus in her honor every day when the clock strikes twelve, aud though they' say it to themselves the teachers know when they are saying it, for the children bow their heads when they repeat the sentence, ' The word was made Flesh.' The children were then forbid to bow their heads, and what do you think, they did ? Why, bowed them three times in place of once. That was the result of interfering with their religious practices. I have often praised the northern Irish when speaking on that subject for their adherence to their religion, for their unyielding firmness on that point, and I have attributed the fact of their being such good Catholics to their being obliged to contend for their faith and to make sacrifices for it. And they certainly are the best Catholics in the island. I have to thank you for coming here to-night in such numbers. It is, as I have said already, the first time I have had tho pleasure of seeing you and I thank you, not only for the compliment paid to myself, but especially for the interest you take iu the Sisters and of which your presence here to-night is a proof. You ought to appreciate their arduous labors,' their devotion to your children, their care of your sick, po you. net mark them, going through your streets upon their errands of. mercy ? Do yon, not see them in your schools teaching your children and imprtsainc on their youthful minds and hearts purity and piety? Is not the mother's knee the firs't seminary, and do we not receive from the mother's lip -arid ' the mother's heart our earliest and most lasting impressions? If, then, the influence, of woman, in that sphere is so deep and so wide-ipread, what do we not owe to those who fit them for it, who train them up in the ways of virtue, and groupd them in the truth's of their religion f And thin we owe to the Sisters, and I am delighted to sea by yout numbers to-night that you are conscious of this obli gation and proud to acknowledge it, and I now con clude by invoking the blessing of God upon you all In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. 