ADDRESS AND PUBLIC DINNER TO THOMAS HOLMES, ESQ., J.P. (From our Clarence Town Correspondent.) A deputation of gentlemen met Thomas Holmes, 'Esq, JP, (who is retiring from ill-health,) at the Court-house, Clarence Town, and presented to him an address numerously signed by the inhabitants of Clarence Town and tho Dungog district. Mr Holmes made a suitable reply [The address and reply will be found in our advertising columns ] The dinner to Mr. Holmes took place at Mr Robards'. Great enthusiasm was manifested, and the utmost de- corum prevailed through the whole proceedings. Henry Carmichael, Esq , J F , occupied the chair, and Stepn. N Dark, Esq. , M L A , the vice-chair. The spread was all that could be desired, and did great credit to Mrs. Robards. After the table was cleared, the Chairman gave "The Queen"-drunk with the usual honors: "The Prince Consort, and the rest of the Royal Family;" "The Governor General " The CHAIRMAN,, in proposing this toast, said that when he first saw Sir William Deni- son gazetted as Governor of the colony, he had some misgivings as to his fitness for that office; but he was happy to say they had vanished and he considered that the present Governor was entitled to the gratitude and best thanks of the colonists. His abilities were of a superior order, and he bad acquitted himself admirably. He deserved a full bumper In proposing the toast of the evening-"Our guest, Thomas Holmes, Esq, J P , and may he soon be restored to health and further usefulness in the district"-the Chairman premised that his observations in anticipation of the hearty and unanimous accord of all present to the proposal would be grounded on what he personally knew of Mr Holmes in his conduct as a magistrate, in his management as a road trustee, and in his endeavours as a member of society to promote his best interests of furthering, within the sphere of his influence, the advancement of public education. In the outset, Mr Carmichael felt distrust in his ability to do justice to the merits of Mr Holmes in all these respects. To eulogise public characters, he observed, where private feelings has no place, involves no such embarrassment, as is in sensitive minds inseparable from any attempt to praise in public the life and actions of a friend, hence it is likely enough that our gracious Queen and her illustrious consort, and her colonial representative, our talented Governor-General, may call forth in utterance encomiums f ar more freely and more forcibly than the merits of a private friend-notwithstanding that these merits may all the while be more immediately prominent, and more fully felt than those of the august personages referred to Mr. Carmichael would, therefore, bespeak the sympathy of these around him whilst under the dis advantage thus indicated, he should endeavour as best he could to do due justice publicly and face to face to the merits of his friend on his right hand. To the punctuality and constancy of attendance on the bench by Mr. Holmes as a magistrate, and to the uniform uprightness of his conduct while there, in the discharge of his magisterial duties, none could bear more distinct or truer testimony than lie Ever since his appointment to the magistrate he had acted along, and, in the greater number of cases, alone, with Mr Holmes in the discharge of these duties, and be had it in his power to state that in no one instance that he could call to mind had any difference of opinion interfered with the unanimity of their decisions. Mr Holmes had always appeared to him to bring with him to the consideration of all questions involving the liberty of the subject, a proper estimate of the limits set to in- dividual liberty, by the legitimate freedom of social in- tercourse. Crime,under its various phases, was honestly and firmly dealt with - not in a tyrannical or revengeful spirit, but with a view to the reformation of the culprit as well as to the welfare of the community. Drunken ness especially, out of which grow most of the crimes with which the police calendar is loaded, was uniformly treated by Mr Holmes with a degree of disapprobation and a measure of restraint as marked and stringent as the circumstances of each case would admit. On all oc casions his manner and observations on the bench bore ample testimony to his anxiety to adjudicate with impar- tiality and conscientiousness. From his experience of Mr Holmes in his magisterial character, Mr Carmichael therefore felt himself competent to seek from all present a hearty corroboration of tho sentiment-that in no more upright or moro conscientious keeping than in that of Mr Holmes, could the Police interests of this district be placed. As to the ability, devotedness, and success with which Mr Holmes has applied himself to the discharge of his self imposed duties as a member of their Road Trust, he (Mr Carmichael) felt it needless to say much. The results spoke for themselves. The inhabitants had merely to open their eyes as they walked abroad in any direction, in order to feel impressed with the sort of gratitude which was due on this score to Mr Holmes by the entire community. In this district the merits of Mr. Holmes might well be testified in a manner similar to those of tho great architect, Sir Christopher Wren. On the black slab which marks the spot, under tho choir of St Paul's Cathedral, where rest the ashes of that cele- brated man, are the following words Lector-si monumentum quaeris, Circumsplce. In like manner, he would say to any of the inhabitants of this wide district who might profess to be at a loss to find adequate grounds for giving public thanks to Mr. Holmes- Circumspice I Look around. Your Court- house will remind you of his early efforts to provide for your police requirements, and at the same time of the punctuality and uninterruptedness of his attendance, for tour benefit, on the onerous and anxious duties which Buoh requirements imply. Tho National Sohool House, too, built _ under his auspices, will tell you of the deep interest he has taken in the educational welfare of your town and surrounding neighbourhood ; and the roads and bridge connecting Clarence Town with Hinton and Seaham will continue to bear testimony to his social worth long after the foot-prints of the present generation shall have been obliterated by the traffic of their successors. To the last-mentioned "items in the catalogue of Mr. Holmes's merits as a public bene- factor Mr. Carmichael could speak with peculiar wil- lingness, inasmucb as he had been a follow-worker with Mr. Holmes for the publio welfare. He, therefore, better than any one else knew what share of the work had been performed by their guest ; and he had claims to be credited when ho freely and unequivocally declared that, without professional «kill and porsonal devotion of Mr. Holmes, those roads and bridges would not havo boen made. Ho could not individually but feel constrained to bring forward the superlative merits of Mr. Holmes in this denartmont of exertion. The grounds of his in- dividual promptings on this head were based on oxpo rionce on two separate occasions. Several years ago, his horsa and gig, with all his survey apparatus, hart been capsized in attempting, under ordinary oircumstancos, the crossing of Tumble-down Creek. The mornory of these misfortune», on these occasions, haunted his imagination still like the ghost of Horucu's tree. And now that under the management of Mr. Holmes this travellers' bugbear (this "opprobrium pagi") had boon got rid of, and there now spans that Tumble-down ohasm a bridge worthy (of its sort) the inspection of our Ministor of Public Works, ho felt it imperativo, asa necessary result of his own sense of safety secured, to oall on all the vehiole-ownors in the district to join in heartfelt grati- tude to tho architect who planned and superintended the construction of that bridge. He felt it richi thus to mention thii bridgo in particular, beoauso it had been planned and partly constructed by Mr. Holmes long bo fore any moneys had been regularly appropriated by Govemmont for such local purposes. That bridgo tyas now, howevor, only of seoond-rato value compared with otherB on the line of road botweon Clarenoo Town and Hinton. Un that line there wore no less than six main bridges thrown aoross otherwise noarly impaBsablo oreeks and water- ooursoB, bosides a numbor of inferibr bridgen and culverts, banking every gully in the course of a road nearly 12 milos in extont. The whole of this line of road, moreover, with the exception of a few rods of naturally good bush rood, has boen oleared of timber to the width of 50 feet, so as to be rendered throughout easy of transit for vehiclos of every desojipti&n.; For the substantial progress, consequent on so great an accession to the general convenience, and to tho facility of intercourse throughout tho district, it was to Mr. HolmoB that the whole district was indebted. Taking, therefore, all considerations thus brought forward into account, and hinting briefly at the anxiety felt, and timo devoted fettllr. Holmes in watohing over tho progross of the National Hohools in the town and neighbourhood involving labour« to tho valuoof whioh his learnod friend Mr. Wilkins, who had fortunatoly honored thom by his presonco, oould moro oorrootly, ami more appropriately speak, Mr. 0. concluded by oxprossinghimself confident of thm¿rdial acquioBoenso of alhpresent, when ho called on tbenrtojoin him in endeavouring to render to Mr. Holmes, thurpublioly, the tribute of the district's grati- tude, wbioh was so justly his due. Mr. Holmes, in reply, said his heart waa full to over- flowing. He could not give vent to his'Jfftfilings in the manuer ho folt desirouB of doto&nn; thewiweut occa- sion. He folt that if bo hud dotfAftnytbiu'gtforttbo . neighbourhood, ho had done no more than his duty. It | gave him ¡fat pleasure to meet so many happy fucos ; it »vas a saliiotory proof to him that his magisterial decisions, ni the duties that devolved upon bim in that capacity, homet with the approval of the thinking part of tho commity. Ho had dono his best, and had always endeavoured a'ot impartially ; if he had failod, it had been unintçionally. The cause of education he had osponsed, ai taken an aotivo part in, from heartfolt conviction ft it was of vast and paramount importance to the futucwolfare of this district, and to tho colony at large. I would like to seo every child in tho colony educated, tit would do his best to bring about such n consummatu Education should be purely secular, and free from cheal influences. The time he had devoted to the roadiid bridges, he considered had been well spent, and ¡lad been a pleasure to him to have such co workers ns 1 had. The utmost unanimity and good feeling ha&hvays; prevailed betiveen him and his brother imijtrates, n-hioh made tho duties that de- volved upon ni of a very easy description. He thanked them all; unhoped that his health would bo renewed, and that hehould soon bo a resident amongst them again. Mr. DARsroposcd the magistracy of tho district. Ho said ho It no diffidence in proposing this toast. Ho thought mt where tho magistracy had paid stioh constant andunctual attendance to their duties as had been tho casa Clarenco Town, and taking in considera- tion that tie duties had been cheerfully performed gratuitously}^ a long period of time, wo should bo guilty of tbeaokest ingrntitude wero we not to render honor wheraonor was due-, and he made the bold assertion, wifiut fear of contradiction', that in no loca- lity in tlto;)lony had tlioro boon so punctual nn attendance jj here. Ho had lately seen a lottor published inhe Empire, signed "A Working Man," containing s(p remarks in reference to a oaso brought beforo tbo bell here*- Mr. D. had no hesitation in chnrncterisinibat production as a lying ono. It stated that there »vi only two magistrates in Clarence Town, and two in Bgog-there aro throe in each place. In his opinion t\ letter was written by a party who had nn eyo to a l'oliölagistracy, and its whole tenor betrayed the cloi-enjotV- tbo charges were frivolous and' distorted. IS road and briugos from hero to Hinton would vie wifany in the colony, and tho publie money had been failully and economically expended by tbo bench here, p would torm that road a model one. In rising treply to Mr. Dark's encomiums on tho Clarenco Tov&encb; of Magistrates, Mr. Carmichael was about to [ter on nomo particulars connected with the case refera to hythe lastspouker, when it was most opportunely itcd to bim by his brother magistrate, Air. Holmes, tit any remarks in relation to that par- ticular case mut be censurable, as out of place on the presen t occasj. Mr. C, therefore, briefly observed that bis object inj-oposing to do so, was mainly to toko notice of the (bable evils that seemed to threaten the country throit the progress of the newly-ostablisbed District Court Out of tho case alluded to a District Court notion id arisen, and be very much feared tho result might «bit a finding which would virtually set aside the equitlo decision of the inferior Courts ; and that legal injnee might thus be done to a party, and damages migi be saddled on him whose conduct throughout ti}» hale transaction bad been marked by honesty and fdghtforvvardness. His tear was that, along with vvltlver good these District Courts might be calculated to cat, they would inevitably become the centre of litigon-cauldrons filled with tho fruits of antecedent, anirnught with the seeds of future, cankers in the body poll which other»» iso might never ripen into a sore. Providtho had the now or, he would exert it to tho utmost in banilng all legal quibbling from every Court of Justice. Wre oqnity was not law, and where law was munifostlySt equitv, he would giyo tho go-by to the legal logiiyd maintain in spite of it the equitable rights of the steot. Mr. Carmicf.l proposed-" Tho Progressive Ad- vancement of fJEducational Interests of the Colonv" nnd said that oration was a topic on which ho would be fond to expntiá' To Education, as ti profession, ho had linked his fortes ««-hen he left London in 1831,- and he felt delight that his early and heartfelt senti- ments on the siect were now becoming tho icknow lcdged creed ofohticmns His object, honevcr, was not to occupy cir attention on this subject himself, but to reup tibenefit of listening to the ttaturcd o\penenco andictical wisdom of Mr Wilkins, who wo all know was bo able and willing to instruct and ediiv us on this all i mr tant subject. Mr WiLKissud that the material wolfaro of tho colony and its bat future was so connected with the profession to wfi ho bad tho honor to belong, that he could hardly doltico to the subject in the two or thieo remarks ho «asput to make He thought in lustnal institutions sholl bo established in connection with Bohook, and ttiihildron mstruoted in all useful call- ing», practical ¿culture included Ho had, perhaps, from tho nature* hw atocition, tn\elled o\or as many roads in the cold as anvono Ho was conwnccd that thorough pructil acquaintance with agricultural and mechanical oporpns nero much needed, and that such should bo uiBtillcinto the minds of the rising genera- tion Ho thongt likewise, as probablj future legisla- tors would spwntom the rising generation, that ¿locu- tion, orator}, itesliould bo taught. Mr. \Y spoke at considerable long on tho benofits arising from educa- tion in the Unit Statos of America and other coun- tries, showing tír applicability to this colony, and concluded by prising-" 1 ho Mechanical Interests of the Colony," in ».musing speech W Lowe, Faj.T.l', in replj, said that, as atne ohanic, he had Jit tho first steam-boat in Clarence Town that was e- built in the colon\\. He had like- wise the pleasucf informing them ho had also built the first steam-bç that ever ran in Victoria He had been tbirt> J ear» the colon), and folt a deep interest in its prosperity .(»as both absurd and ridiculous tosee that the foreign tharne was encouraged, and tho colo- nial one obliged (¡hut up his workshop and take to some other calling. ^ admit the tumble-to-picces and un- fit agricultural moments and mechanical productions of the United St* and othor countries duty free '' It was an act of íctico to mechanics and tradesmen. Great Britain duo such thing, and is thoro anv man amongst tis so ins* as to assert that our means ot pro- duction aro super to that ot Britain Our present tanti is ruinous onnjunous to our industrial interests Mr Lowe propU the " Agricultural interests of the colony " « Mr Jaufs LtJ responded He said ho was con- vinced that Bomctlg must ho dono for the agricultural interest That brest laboured under so manj dis- advantages that lproolatmed himself a protectionist Die agriculturist this neighbourhood were in a doplorablo state, athis arose, in somo instances, from causes o\er nbichhey bavo no control. Mr L ex- plained at somo Oiiderablo longth the causes that led to the present dopsion, and thought that model ato duties must eventiy be placed on loreign grain and breadstuffs j Ko\ 1 L Dot in a neat and humorous speeoh, proponed the healtJf " i be Chairman " Mr Wilkins proted " Hie Vice-Chairman " " Our Dungog tnds," " Mr and Mrs Kobards," and many other toasts to drank. A considerable portion ot tbo company ilidt bicak up until twoo'olook. hot an angry nord wolttorod dur ng the whole evening, every individual soted determined to enjoy theniBehos -whioh I behove fe did to their heart's content Clarence Town, {ember 31, 1859. 