SNOWY BIYEB DIGGINGS. {From the Yass Courier.) Several persons who left. Yass for the Snowy River Diggings Lave returned during past week,-but none of those we; have had an opportunity of converging with, seem to have been particularly fortunate. All agree iri asserting that in a." few week's time die place will not babitable—at least to persons occupying tęnts, or, is" the hulk of the miners itow are, to ihose who lie dawn- on tie ground, with a solitary^mjwt" wrapj?^.arórina have seen several ounces of the gold, which is *jf a -iMryl^parae kind, and some . of the asIt^rler, vt some Jighier colored metal than gold, was inteniiingled. From all we can ascertain, there now seems to be as many persons ou their return to their homes ag there ate wending their way to the diggings. The season is now so far advanced and the accounts of the severity of the climate so uniform—confirmed as they are by the statements of persons wlm are interested iu endeavouring to keep up the flow of population — that we would strongly urge upon all who contemplate visiting the diggings to defer starting until late in ihe spring. We are happy to observe that the number of persons passing through Yass on their way to the Snowy River has greatly diminished, A party of Chinamen, from the Meroo f on Wednesday last resolved to retrace their steps ; hut the report that successful persons were robbed of the result of their labours and their claims jumped, seemed io sway the Mongolians much as ihe approaching winter. To judge by their appearance, they seemed to have been pretty successful diggers, as they were well and warmly clad, and had a dray amply stocked with provisions. Some of the storekeepers who opened places of business on the diggings, have sold out, and Tesolved to send no more goods till spring. Those who arrived early on the gold-fields realised large profits, and, well satisfied with their past speculations, are determined to renew operations when the climate will permit of their doing so with safety. The following information we derive from the statement of a man named George Brown, who returned to Yass on Thursday last:—He left Yass six r. eeks ago, having two mates, and on their return they divided the gold obtained, when each man got 6 ozs. 5 dwts. 5 grains. This is said only to have cleared their expenses. The gold was all got on the first five days they were digging; on the first day they got 9 ozs., on the second day 5 ozs., it then fell away to 12 and 14 dwts. a day, and ultimately they were" unable to procure a pennyweight a day. They had to carry tbe washing stnff on a pack horse for about 200 yards. He states that there are 400 or 500 persons—those first on the spot—making their .£"20, £25, and £30 each man a day from tile river claims, but the ground did not extend for more than three miles, and was all taken up. Sink where they liked beyond this favored spot, and they scarcely got tbe colour of the gold. He says he has been a gold miner since 1849 in California as well as on the Victorian and New South Wales gold fields, and he never was on a worse diggings for a large body of men. There' were 2000 or 3000 persons on the Snowy Biver not able to obtain sufficient gold to keep them in provisions, and large numbers were utterly destitute, and begging for food—having got there, they have to beg their way home again. Prospecting had commenced at Lob's Hole, and gold had been obtained; it had also been found at the head of the Murnimbidgee, but the water rushing in. prevented the holes being properly worked, lie returned to Yass by Yiach, where he prospected for four or-five days, but found nothing. Our informant emphatically added—" I shall not return to the Snowy River again on any account, unless something more satisfactory is found fay some of the rushes that are taking place; and if some of the newspaper proprietors who have published such glowing accounts f<om the Snowy River were met on the diggings, they would be murdered by the exasperated and unlucky mioers." The following information we have derived from a source worthy of credence :—" The Gold Commissioner has notified to parties on ihe Kiaiiiira goldfields, that the escort and troopers will be withdrawn on the 31st instant, and all persons eigageó in mining pursuits were dpiireti to leave the place ?t that date. It Las bi:faer!ó l>eea the practice for stcck of al! descriptions to be removed from the district, on the 1st -April. One year, it is said, tbat Mr Murray had 9000 sheep grazing in the locality, and deferred removing- them till the 9th of April, when the flock were overtaken by tile snow, and 3000 sheep perished. Di Gibson also, on one occasion, attempted to keep a large number of cattle on the ground during the will - ter, when the whole of them perished, and their hones may still be seen bleaching on tbe plains." These <&cts; speak for themselves, and we would earnestly press upon persons now on their way to the goldfields to retrace their steps, and await the return of spring ere they resolve to try their fortune; on the diggings at the Snowy River. Our informant further states that the only known payable ground is fully occupied, and that many persons, anxiojs to wJrk out their claims before the winter sets in, have increased the number of their mates, in order l o enable them to do so. There has been a new rush to the bead of the Tumut—twelve miles from the Snowy Biver. All is encouragement. The ru*h is producing a furore on the Snowy Biver amongst the diggers. At Tumut and Gundagai the people are also catching the fever. There are already 1500 to 1500 persons on the ground. The sinking is only two feet. The police camp has been robbed, and the prisoner convicted, and sentenced to six months imprisonment. Other robberies were occurring, but considering all things, the place is orderly. Plenty of gold being procured. Onr townsmen are all doing well. The police and their horses are all knocked up. Discovery op a Plant and Desperate Fight.—At the end of last week, a somewhat singular disco very was made by the police, of a large quantity of stolen goods. -It appears that information was received from some miners that there was a very, suspicious tent in tlie bush, some few miles from Linton's, and, froTi the circumstances related, it was deemed adv:able by the authorities to pay the placs a vis'.j. A sergeant of police and a constable were accordingly desmtiheA to search tlie tent. On arriving within sight of the place, they saw four men making off into tlie bush as £ist as possible. T»i3 sergeant sat off in pursuit- of - one and the constable of another of the four, and the latter succeeded in overtaking his man after a shaip run. Theman pursued by the sergeant bad got so long a start tiiat he could not be overtaken, though every exertion wis used by the officer. On the constable seizin? his man, a desperate struggle took place, but the .constable proved more than a match for his antagonist, and had got Mm down on the ground, wixen two women csasB out m the bn.;i, and bsgaa striking at tha c:aitab" witliknives, cutting lim across the hands, and severely wounding him in several places. He was consequently obliged to let his prisoner go, and the whole of t£em got clear away, and tare not since been ŁeardoŁ On searchin3 the tent, an immense quantity _ of stolen goods were discovered, amongst which iyas a laqse quantity óf flout—Ballaral -Tisaa. At a dinner to Garibaldi, at Turin, on New Year's Day, the gallant general proposed a toast to a Hungaiy, the ąister óf Italy 1 - The Bim- ^garian Colonel Tnrr, responded, an energetic manner Ins fervent 1 __ was followed by cries or ^Łóńg lire faribaldi^ " ^ lira Ae ^iT^JŁong live Italy!" •: • Hoese Tamino.—As a horse tamer, a Mr Barnelt has just entered the lists agains t Mr Rarey. He undertakes to prove that the American system of horse laming is neither new nor true, hut had been tried and failed long before Mr tiarey thought of adopting it. He alleges that all horse breakers knew the Rarey method of throwing a horse, and practised it in particular cases, but that they have ijo confidence in it lor general purposes, believing that the horse soon forgets his fali, and relapses into all his former bad habits. Several horses were experimented on at a recent exhibition, in an open space adjoining the Eyre Arms. Mr Barnett was fairly successful in' throwing thei.i without tbe aid of the circingle, though certainly not so expeditiously as Mr Rarey. He subsequently displayed some first rate horsemanship in riding vicious animals, and leaping tlirm over five barred gates. I» this part of the exhibition he proved very satisfactorily that throwing does not quite tame a horse, inasmuch as having mounted one immediately after the operation, the animal made the most strenuous efforts to throw him, and would have done so but for bis great skill and courage. Having thus proved that he could throw a horse, Rarey fashion, and and also that the fall did not always frighten tlie animal, Mr Barnett called upon several persons present, and who stated that they had had horses operated upon by Mr Rarey, to give their opinions, wl|en one or two stated positively thai their'horses had derived no benefit from the operation, but were now as vicious as ever. Ghosts.—A correspondence on the subject of ghosts took place some time ago between Mr Dickens and Mr Howitt. Ti<e former su p- ported a theory wbich was little more than a misty elaboration of the usually accepted doctrine that ghosts are the mere projections of fн, to be referred to a morbid or excited condition of the intellectual or emotional centres: while the latter contended for the absolute and unequivocal existence of ghosts as external, objective beings. In closing the correspondence Mr Dickens appears to have requested that Mr Howitt would be clad enough to point out to him some house said to be haunted. Mr fikreitt pointed out two—one at Cbe shunt and one at Wellington, near Newcastle- Probably because it was the nearer place Mr Dickens chose to visit Cheshunt, and to an account of this visit he devotes the whole of the Christmas number of his new periodical. Tne upshot of his story is, not only tbat no ghost appeared to liim, but that he could not find in the whole neighborhood a single person to whom a ghost had appeared. Tlie conclusion drawn by Mr Dickens, therefore, is that Mr Howitt's instance has failed, and that his case has broken down. Mr Howitt, however, is by no means of this opinion. He publishes explanations in a long letter to the " critic," arguing that Mr Dickens has been guilty of gross unfairness. In the midst of a great deal of solemn expostulation on the folly of ridiculing the " theory of apparitions,'* the " ideas of spiritualism," the "science of pneumatology,'' we find widi some difficulty that Mr Howitt has two reasons which he thinks especially tangible for rejecting the conclusion of Mr Dickens. The first reason is th*t the house alleged to have been once haunted has recently been enUrged and repaired. This circumstance, indeed, Mr Dickins himself expressly states, and Mr Howitt maintains tli it it violates the whole case. Iu tbe second place, Mr Howitt maintains tbat the negative testimony or Mr Dickius as to the non- existence of witnesses is worthless, for he is in possession of the positive testimony of many respectable persons. And besides, did Mr Dickens take the r i slit way to find those who could bear testimony to the f*ct tbe house had been once haunted ? No \ he wont down with knot of jolly fellows," had a " merry day*' and so forth. These are the reasons for which as Mr Howitt thinks, the results of Mr Dickens' visit prove nothing- Pbogbess of Dekhiquin.—Despite of the drawbacks in regard to the climate, its extreme beat, and the difficulty we have in growing any thing so luxuriantly as beef and mutton, tins township is progressing rapidly, or as rapidly as we can expect. The overlanders who visited us some years ago, when there were only two huts on the sonth side and the same number on the north, express their astonishment at the increase in the number of houses, some of which are really creditable to tie place, if we omit the architecture. The bank is an ornament to the town, the Freemasons' Hall is no " feather in the cap" of our mystic brethren, and among the number of studious men of the craft, men of taste and knowledge, it is surprising that one of them did not devise something better than this sample of. a Chinese Joss-house. The Post Office reminds the traveller of a Chinese Mandarin's] Hotel, where he entertains Ms poor relations. We are happy to perceive that an exceedingly fine building is nearly completed, designed as an hotel, close to the Highlander Inn. It is really an imposing building, and, if well kept, must influence the trade of .DeniFquin. The miserable calf-pen to which, in Auld Lang Syne (if the term can be applied to four years ago), men were chained, stands in the rear of this building, and cannot fail to call to our mind the chau?e for the better. Lots of neople now smile on £lie labourer ; in the days allui to the working-man was regarded by too many as a respectable savage, above the black fellow, it is true, but little better. We now see the advent of respectable tradespeople — tailors, shoemakers,—in fact, every trade seems well represented! We are promised a good glass of ale, brewed at Deniliquin, for the small sum of sixpense. Ail hail, then, to John Earleycom ! What we axe anxious to sse is the very - large amount of .money expended at Deniliquin retained in the neighbourhood. We can never expect to become permanently prosperous unless we follow this ride. The thousands of pounds yearly transmitted to Melbourne for villaaoos compounds, sold as grog and ale at Is ~;lass in these country districts, ought to ce us open our eyes, as, indeed, they make us open our pockets. For months past we have been inviting public attention in these columns to such matters, and we now Gee some happy results springing up. We are no advocates for protection in any way or shape. We only hope that by superior energy ana applcation our townspeople may compete with people at a distance, and thus succeed in reaping the benefit of their labours. We recognise with pleasure, then, the •* progress of Deniliquin. How they Stabt a New Settler ht New Zełlakd.—The following, from a late New " " " worth copying:—This ',") famed as it is for its displays ot ploughing, surpassed itself on Friday last, in the turn-out of ploughs and teams npon the property of Mr. Charles Whyie. The list comprised the ploughs of twenty-one residents. Unluckily the weather was wet and stormy in the morning, but at the first appearance of clearing up, forth sallied the hardy ploughmen, to prove which could turn the straightest furrow and do tlie most work. Merilly passed the day. and, ere the shades of evening began tó close, about twelve acres of the virgin soil of the plan lay exposed to the influence of the atmosphere, iii preparation for the approach of spring. Mr. WŁyte may well feel grai more -respects than one, as in no case had there been a larger turn-out, or more work done than on this- occasion:; «s iie casts his eyes over the well turried furrows on his property, he will find a liigher gEatification in '-the evidence thereby fornished of thegood-will«f his neighbours, who have given him aiis lift in tlić path of life. Elopement.—The Kentish. Observer records the elopement of the wife of Mr Smith Banner man, a gentleman of large property, living at Hunter, near Maidstone, with tbe ilev. A. W. Green, curate to the liev. Onuu M ><>re,atHuntou. It seems that the fact was discovered by Mr Bannerman on his return from a day's hunting, and there can be no donbt that the elopement had been planned many, weeks before, and had only been put off for a favorable opportunity. The couple were traced to Gravesend, but they had got four hours' start of their pursuers, and Mr Bannerman only learnt that they had crossed the water in a boat that had been ! oft Gravesend for some weeks. It is stated that they liad been seen with a brace of loaded pistols, as if determined upon extremities in case they had been overtaken. The affair has occasioned the most painful feelings among all classes of the community in the neighborhood where it occurred. The curate had always been looked' upon with respect for the faithful discharge of his clerical duties ; and Canon Moore, the rector of Hunton, had a peculiar-regard for him. The lady has property in her own right amounting to .£100,000. "The exiled patriot, John Mitchell, has addressed to My dear Smith;" of the Waterford Citizen," a second epistle in reference to the proposed aninftsty for the threa gentlemen who so adroitely gave Sir William DenLson the slip. It is hard to say what the hero of 184S means. He would, and he would not be restored to Ireland. If, however, lie should elect to return, the Queen is warned that she need not count upon Mr John Mitchell as one of her subjects. He has foresworn allegiance to the Crown of Kngland, and no one shall hereafter be enabled to tax him witli the crime of perjury as iar as that oath is in question. The Bendigo Mercury of Saturday, speaking on reliable authority, says that Inglewood diggings are rapidly extending. A new gully had been found within the last few days, with eightą feet sinking, and giving 3 oz. of gold to the load It was not doubted that in Inglewood a rich and permanent gold field had been found I 