THE TERCENTENARY OF THE SCOTTISH REFORMATION. The series of services in commemoration of the Scottish Reformation were held yesterday. Con- siderable interest had been excited amongst the several Presbyterian bodies of the city by the anticipation of the event, as ministers were ex pected to be present from each of the sister colo nies, and the result was that all the services of the day .were extremely well attended. THE BREAKFAST. The commemoration services were commenced by a public breakfast at the Temperance Hall, Russell street, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning. A very nicely prepared breakfast was provided, to which about 250 persons sat down, amongst whom were tho Hon. J. P. Fawkner, M.L.C., the hon. T. T. V. Beckett, M.L.C., the hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L.C., tho Bishop of Melbourne, the Rev. Dr. Cairns, the Rev. Mr Draper, President of the Wesleyan Con ference, the Rev. Mr. Hetherington, the Rev. A. Ballantyne, the Rev. Mr. Love, of Geelong, the Rev. Mr. Storie, of Castlemaine, the Rev. Mr. Fletcher, of Geelong, the Rev. Mr. Morrison, the Rev. Mr. Macdonald, and a number of other cler gymen of various denominations. The proceed ings were commenced by devotional exercises, and reading a portion of the Scriptures, the Rev. Dr. Cairns, who presided on the occasion, offi ciating. After breakfast, Dr. Cairns rose, and in a few prefatory re marks said, that the Tercentenary they were that day celebrating commemorated oho of the most striking occurrences in the liistory of Scotland — le Ereut Scottish Reformation. There never was a more signal interposition of: Divine Providence than that which raised up as it were at a single bound the then falling cause, and established the great cause of truth and Protestantism in their native land. At the time of the Reformation — the' epoch they were 'then met to celebrate— the Lords of the Convocation had been again and again defeated, they were sadly discouraged and disheartened,' and had alnibsfresolvedto abandon the cause in which they were engaged. The next day John Knox preached to them from the 80th Psalm, and such was the effect of that soulstir ring sermon that they seemed to gain frosh cour age. They resolved to call a naw Convocation, and, acting under the advice of Knox, to appeal to the English for succour. Some Scotch historians had spoken highly of tho ancient intercourse of that people with the French, but all history proved that the preseneeof French auxiliaries in Scotland had ever proved a curse to the nation. (Applause.) The Rev. Doctor then briefly traced the progress of tho Reformation, from the calling of the new Convocation to the arrival of the English nrmy in Scotland to assist the lords, the defeat of the opposite or Popish party, and the French auxilia ries, and the death of tho Queen Regent, when peace was restored.. 1'aiuiameni was men ciuieo. together, and John Knox seized the occasion to preach one of his wonderful sermons from the prophecies of Malachi. That sermon had a most miraculous effect. Knox, together with a few other reformers, boldly laid their claims before Parliament, and were then requested to draw up a declaration of faith which could be satisfactorily proved from the Holy Scriptures. In six days Knox drew up that declaration, con taining in all 25 articles, and that confession of faith was substantially the same as the one now received by all the Reformed Churches. This confession of faith was first read before an Assem bly called the Lords of the Articles, and having passed that ordeal, was then discussed before Par liament, Knox boldly standing forward in the cause of truth. The Romish prelates _ who were present took no part in thp discus sion, and as article after article was put separately to the vote, they were agreed to with but three dissentients, the Earl of Athol and two others, who, in defence of the course taken by them, said that they chose to believe as their fathers had done. That confession of faith was then solemnly ratified by the State. That was followed by the passing of two celebrated Acts, the one throughly and absolutely abolisliing the jurisdiction of the Pope in Scotland, and the tber prohibiting tUc celebratiou tf jubsb, whisk was looked .upon as oil idolatrous ceremony, and an offence loth against God and the State. Those were the events which they were that day met to commemorate. Such was the great work which had outlived every change, which had increased in vigor, and had attained a measure of growth and power which the first reformers were not pri vileged to sec, and,, perhaps, never dreamt of. (Applause.) It was not the cause of Presbytery, for Presbytery then was unknown, but it was the glorious cause of the truth of God ; and that was why it was that he then saw around him minister of the truth of all denominations j and he could not express tho pleasure it gave him to see them present. (Great applause.) The Rev. Mr. Hetheiunqton, in addressing the meeting, dwelt at some length on the fact that they were largely indebted for the Reformation In Scotland to the stand taken 180 years pre viously m me sister ? country, isngianci, py that great reformer Wickliffe, tho first man who translated the Holy Scriptures into the English language. After dwelling at some length on the wonderful effects produced in England by his preaching, the rev. gentleman said that tho influ ences arising therefrom wero largely felt in Scot land, particularly in the western districts, and that sixty years before the Reformation a number of persons were cited to appear before tho eccle siastical courts to answer the charge of holding *nd teaching the doctrines of Wickliffe. That great reformer, although much persecuted,* was permitted to endhisdays in peace; but forty years after he had been buried, his bones were dug up and burnt, and the ashes thrown into the little brook which ran past his chapel. That brook conveyed them to the Avon, tho Avon to tlic Severn, and tho Severn to the boundless ocean, and the diffusion of his lifeless ashes was a fit emblem of the manner in which the gloiious truths, which he had spent his life in promul gating, were also to be diffused throughout the length and breadth of tho universe. And in con clusion, he would impress upon them that it was still their duty persistently and consistently to protest against the pross misrepresentations of God's truth by the Romish Church, remembering that its doctrines were still the same as when the first noble army of reformers protested against them, even unto death. i The Rev. Mr. Macdonald next addressed the meeting, dwelling at some length upon the great impetus given to education in Scotland by the Reformation. Until that time, education had re mained at a very low ebb, but shortly after grammar schools were established nearly all over the country by John Erskineof Dunn. After re lunmg tu tuu uruuiuun ui iyuux. — wuu uuuumu u proficient in Hebrew after he arrived at middle age — Buchanan, and others, he said it was somd what remarkable that so few additions had been made by Scotchmen 'to theological literature ; hie attiibuted that, however, in a great measure, to the comparative poverty of the country, and to its being but thinly populated! stating, in confirma tion of that view, thai somewhat tlie same state o'f things was found to exist in this colony. ' \ The' Rev. Mr. Caltjwei.i, said the Reformation might be classified as a ' resurrection event,' it being the resurrection of truth from error. Alt the head of resurrection events was the glorious resurrection of their divine Lord and Master, who having completed the work of man's redemption arose from the dead and ascended up on high, ?leading captivity captive. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to impress upon, those present the necessity of preparing for the great and general resurrection, in which they all would be so deeply interested. j The Bishop of MntnonnNE then came forward) and was received with loud applause. He said that in speaking to such an assembly as' tho one] then before him; some persons commenced,' ' Ladies and gentlemen,' and some, 'My Chris tian Mends,' 'or ''Brethren;' but if they would ?nprmif-. 'him. Tin wniilrl tnvm f.liom his ' SnnfnTi friends.' For the last lorty years he had a very strong' affection for everything connected with Scotland and the Scotch ; that affection and sym-: pathy being first aroused by reading a fictitious history, ' Miss Porter's History of tho Scottish! Chief's.' In subsequent years that feeling had; been greatly strengthened by a visit to Scotland.' They, no doubt, loved and revered that country,! and the English delighted to visit it. He hadj formed many valued friendships in it, both amongi the laymen and the clergy, amongst whom lie was; pleased to be able to mention that great man, Chalmers. He had before visited them at; Cambridge, where he,. was warmly received and; welcomed. Afterwards he (the Bishop) visited: him in Scotland in company with a friend of Dr J Chalmers. That visit he should never forget,! and he then possessed a volume of tracts which j he highly prized, given him by Dr. Chalmers on; his departure, and bearing his autograph. Since I his arrival in the colony he had been brought into much closer, connection with tlie Scotch; and; both himself and Mrs. . Perry could, bear j pleasing testimony to the warm hospitality with which, in travelling through the country, he had , always been received by them., and also to the' uniform respect always so cheerfully rendered to him in his ministerial capacity. (Applause.) Ho had likewise been brought into very close connec tion with the ministers of the Scotch Church, and had learned to value them most highry. He beg ged to assuxe them that he most heartily sympa. thised with them on that occasion, and that he rejoice with them. The English sympathised with and valued Luther and the German Re formers ; they sympathised with and valued Cal vin and the Swiss Reformers ; and they also most deeply sympathised with and revered John Knox and the Scotch Reformers. He was glad they had been reminded of the debt which the Scotch owed to the English, who had assisted them in the cause of the Reformation against the French, and he only regretted that the English hierarchy had erer acted so as to appear in a less favorable light. He was not surprised that the Scotch had a dread of prelacy, but all bishops were not the same, and he trusted that the names of such men as Ridley, Latimer and Cranmer, would prevent bishops from being universally condemned. He could not but regret the fact that episcopacy had been driven out of Scotland, still he was glad to be able to say that in all substantial and important points they were the same, for even in the doctrines of the Church of England there was nothing that said that episca pacy was essential to religion, and he, therefore, unhesitatingly said that he was glad to recognise the ministers of the Church of Scotland as the minis ters of the Church of Christ, 'in the same manner as he recognised the ministers of the Church of England. He rejoicedgreatly in tlic success of their Church, and said ho felt persuaded that upon the success of the Scotch Church in Vic toria depended, in no slight degree, tho success of the Christian religion in the colony.: After congratulating them upon the recent union of the several Presbyterian churches, the right reverend gentleman concluded; amidst great applause, by expressing a hope that they would still go on prospering and extending their influence, until all denominations of believing Christians were joined in one glorious and universal Church. The Rev. Mr. Draper, President of tho Wes loyan Conference, expressed his very strong sympathy with the proceedings of the day. The ' results contemplated by such n commemoration should lead them to trace more distinctly those religious privileges, liber ties, and rights, and all that was dear to them in time, or hopeful in eternity — and to value them as their dearest heritage, and to be more than ever prepared to contend still more earnestly, and in a Christian spirit, for all that belonged to or was connected with Christ, their cherished re ligious liberty, and the open Bible. After con gratulating the Presbyterians upon their recent union, no saiu tney nveu. in nines wncn it was necessary there should be the greatest distinctness in their declarations relative to those principles for which the- reformers contended, foughf and died. He wished to impress upon them tho necessity of a closer union amidst all the 'evangelical churches ; and he prayed that they might be all visited with a deeper baptism of the spirit of John Knox. Say he was stern, but what Scotchman was not, when his faith and all that- he held dear was attacked ? (Applause.) In conclusion, he said he trusted they would all adhere to the celebrated profession of faith of the immortal Chillingworth, ' the Bible and the Bible only is the religion, of Protestants.' The Rev. Mr. Mouison, Independent minister, briefly expressed his sympathy with the proceed ings of the day, and ? Tlie benediction having been pronounced by Dr. Cairns, the proceedings terminated. ' THE LECTURE. At noon a lecture was delivered at the Rev. Mr. HeTherbigton's church, by the Rev. Dr. Caihns, upon tho subject of The Scottish Refor mation. ' The church was crowded. The usual preliminary devotional services haying bee* performed, . . ,. (';.';:-';ii r ? Dr. Caikxs said : — It is the duty of tho patriot to commcinorat with suitable rites the deliverance of his countr from tho yoke of its oppressor, and it is the dut; of tho Christian tokecp in perpetual rcmembranc the names and events signalised by some grea triumph of the truth of God over the empireo darkness. -The reason, or rather the neces3it; for such festivals in memoriam, is found in thi constitutional elements of human nature. Th universality -of the practice can only be accountec for by admitting a universal principle or sense jo propriety. All nations and all sects have, jii every ago of the world, celebrated the day or thi time, whose stated return marked some illustrioui epoch in their history, or some name of renown which is still a tower of strength in the prosen,c- of danger. We find that God has not only recog nised but consecrated this feeling of humanity by instituting solemnities in commemoration p the chief wonders of his hand, both in rodeeminj his people from bondage and in pledging to then the immortal' fruits of His glorious victory, wh- is the Captain of our Salvation.- Vain.woulc be any attempt of mine ' to describe the variec and abounding joy with which Israel of old o|- served the yearly Passover, and amidst the de lights of that festive occasion, repeated to thei children the marvels of the Exodus and the marel through the wilderness. We know somethini of the deep emotions associated with thi celebration of the, Lord's Supper ; and cai speak of the benefits derived from tha Gospel feast, by which the dying love of Jesus i: remembered according to his own appointment It is, therefore, not only becoming that heroic ac tjons freighted with the interests of unborn mil lions—that the great and shining Lights whosi zeal has been the source of a people's greatness should be kept in honor by formal demonstration of gratitude and admiration. But it is also necessar to the very existence of such affections, necessar; to a just appreciation of the cause which has beei bequeathed to us as a legacy of love, and th value of which we cannot otherwise declare witi sufficient emphasis in the ear of the public, ox ti the consciences of our children. Inattention (i such a duty indicates' indifference to a costly privj lege, — absence of a sympathy with deeds the very thought of which should thrill the heart is with electric fire, and with the large, resolute, all-sacrificing' minds whoso hallowed energies were Bpent in securing for us an inheritance ol whose excelling worth we are basely insensible. What the redemption from Egypt, with its dark idolatries and grinding tyranny was to the Hebreyy tribesi — even so, in measure, is that mighty revo lution in Scotland, accomplished three centuries ago, and 'which we all regard not, only as itit birth of our country's progress, and as the day spring of her hopes, but as the resurrection ofChrist'i long-buried witness, his fair brido: — the Evan gelic Church, which now arose out of the toml of Rome's apostacy, and entered on a careei of devoted service, ? which hath filled the earth with her 'fame ; as om of the truest and brightest lights which refledi the glo*y of tho Lord from his seven-brancheti golden candlestick. Any address upon so pregnant a theme as the Scotch Reformation, would be in' completo without an intelligent view of the cirf cumstances which preceded and attended thii great moral earthquake. . j At the opening of the sixteenth century, auc during its fivst quarter, the Popish system Ym£ reached the climax of its power, so far as thingi visible could betoken it. Its hierarchy. wielded (i lordly sway over nil orders in the State, from thi monarch's tlirone down to the beggar in the street! Not a voice questioned her usurped supremacy; not a hand was moved in opposition to her ghostly dominion ; and in her palmy pride she ? could) withouta exaggeration, make her boast in the words of prophecy — I sit a Queen: lam no widow; I shall see no sorrow. There was no country irl Europe so completely prostrated beneath the heel of this ruthless despotism, or where.popery ruled the ascendant, with a, sovereignty so unimitw gated, and with an ambition so entirely un-; checked and unrestrained. , And an. event occurred at tliis timo which greatly en-' hanced the influence of the dignitaries of the Church as the sole masters of the commonwealth.1 In the battle of Flodden, ..fought in the year; 1513, fell the Scottish king and the chivalry of the nation. On that bloody field there lay, among! the slain, the best part of the . ancient nobility.i With the flowers , of the forest, ? were co mingled in that frightful .carnage, the: chiefs of our fatherland; prince .and vassal* perished together in one promiscuous sacrifice.' We can easily understand that this ? sudden mmolation of the political heads of the country ; left the government very much nt the disposal of the ecclesiastics, and presented an inviting opportunity for their intrigues to engross all the powers of the realm. Amongst the slain at Flodden we have to count the then Archbishop of St. Andrews, Stewart, a natural son of James IV., and: with him was extinguished any glim mering of hope for the amelioration of a church weltering in a sea of corruption. This sweeping calamity ushers on the stage the Beatons, uncle and nephew, ominous of the reign of terror soon to bo introduced. And while the prelates were, with few exceptions, either engaged in'schenies and plats to gratify on unscrupulous ambition, or sunk in' sloth and debauchery, the inferior clergy of all ranks were notorious for-ignorance the most despicable, and for sensuality that resembled them more to beasts wallowing in tho mire than to Ministers of Christ holding forth, the words of lioliness. We cannot here venture to pourtray the profligacy of their usual manners. Their lives seem to have been, a course of licentiousness and rapacity. They used the spiritual authority of the church to sanctify their extortions, and the influence connected with their sacred office to procure the full and easy indulgence of their de praved appetites. Those of my hearers who are acquainted with' the literature and history of those times of darkness will be satisfied that no language can be too strong in painting the vices of the Scot tish priests as a body just before the morning of the reformation broke. Preaching had ceased ; the Bible was an unknown book ; the simplest doc trines of Christianity wore as strange to priest and people alike as if they had never been revealed ; and the whole system of religion, as taught by the church and exemplified by her ministers, was in very deed as the palpable darkness of that judgment which covered all Egypt with avenging gloom. I may be allowed perhaps to anticipate a little, and to adduce here, in proof of this statement, the case of Dean Thomas Forret, who afterwards died at the stake, rejoicing, nay, exhulting, in tho love of Christ, riiis Romish Dean had received some of that light which was then arising on the earth, and on every Lord's day he preached to his people out of the Epistles and Gospels . This was reckoned a great lovelty, and some envious person accused him to ;he Bishop of Dunkeld as guilty of heresy, tanong the errors of Dean Forret, one of tho nost serious was his not exacting the customary ;lues from his parishioners when death occurred in a family. These death taxes of the church, or sorpsepresents, were always cruel, often ruinous, to the bereaved, yet they were insisted on with in exorable rigor, however poor the survivor, how ever unable to meet the unreasonable demand. The light that instructed Forret's head, softened and enlarged : his heart. He ceased to ict as a merciless extortioner, riflling the poor of any' property they might possess, ivhen death had deprived children of a father, a wife of her husband, or orphana jf their only stay. Cited to appear before lis Bishop, the following colloquyjtook^ place : — 'B. : Dean Thomas, I love you well, and there Tore I must counsel youhowto govern yourself. The Dean thanked him. B. : — I am informed that you wcach the Epistle and Gospel every Sunday to y'our people, and that you take not your dues :'rom them, which is very prejudicial to tho Church nen ; and therefore, Dean Thomas, I would hare jrou take your dues ; and it is too much that you oreach every Sunday ; for by so doing you make ;he people think that we should do so also ; 'tis jnough for you, when you find a good Epistle or Sospel, to set forth and preach the liberty of Holy Church, and let the rest alone. Thomas answered : My Lord: I presume none of my parishioners com plain of me for not taking my dues, and whereas you say it is too much to preach every Sunday, I think it is too little, and wish that your Lordship would do tlie like. Nay, nay, Dean Thomas, said the Bishop, let that be, for we aro not ordained to preach. Then, said Thomas, yon bid, mo preach when I meat with a good Epistle or Gospel: I iiave read them all, and I know no bad ones . imong them ; but when your Lordship shews me such, I will pass them by. B. : I thank God I never knew what the Old aud New Testament was, and Dean Thumos, I will know nothing but my portuise and ' pontifical.' This .is. no ex ceptional case of Scriptural ignorance. Many .-years after this, when Wishart was proclaiming the CUspel tidings with awakening power in Ayr, the Cardinal Beat the Bishop of, Glasgow t» -p* ', , .' ? ? -' ?????? ? i-:-.'.': . ?; ''? -i '-?(.' .-.''.' ??'- .'.??'fr/.V..-.1 ? ?? .(*.. ? '??? preheiulhim. Wishart was so well protected by the c gentlemen of that district, . that the Bishop durst y not attempt to executehis commission. But hctook y possession of the parish . church, determined to e preach Christ, and by a spasmodic effort counteract t the poison of the reformer's hciesy. But an Knox f hnmjiously describes him a vainglorious fulo, y so the event proved him to be. lie preached to b his own jackmen aud some old tipplers of the is town. The tenor of his sermon was, 'they say, wo 1 should preach — and why not ? Better laic thrive f than never thrive. Hand us still for your i Bishop, and we shall provide better next time.' J Under the long oppression of this organised sya 3 tern of wickedness, the people had sunk into a i state of deplorable social degradation. They ware J little removed from the barbarians of the most \- heathen land ; they were divided into a multitude . of warring tribes, and the whole country was a f wretched scene of misery and strife. In these in 5 terminable feuds tho priests often acted as fierce i partisans and the very genii of discord. Magnu3 3 Wolsey, writing from Kirk Oswald in 1515, says, 1 'The Scots arc in continual trouble and business 1 amongst themselves, doily fighting, killing, and \- robbing. As for abbots and vicars, they get hold \- of their places by none ordinary process, but by the r might, strength, and power of their friends and i kinsmen temporal.' James Inglis, chaplain and j secretary to Queen Margaret, Bays, in a letter to » Lord Dacre, written in the same year, 'The i Master of Kilmanus, ?with help of the Earl of Len t nox, has forcibly possessed himself of Kilwinning, i and put out the Lord Montgomery' with slaughter . and hurt on both Bides.' He mentions other in-' \- stances of lawless violence on the part of Church \- men, and draws a picture of the characteristic 3 stylo of tho Scottish mind and manners at this , era, which is curious and valuable. ' Ye know s the use of the country — every man speaks what Y he will without blame ; there is nao slander pun y ished ; the man hath more words than the master, ft and will not be content unlesB he ken his master's -? a counsel. The servants are checkmates with the l masters. The vilest boy must know his master's a counsel. They are so full of talk and so inquisi 3 tive of tidings, that they imagine things which \- were never thought. There is nae order among j us. None of God's precepts is kepit except the i first, and that very HI.' Such was the stamp of , Scottish character in tho beginning of the six i tcenth century. To finish tho picture, that f we may see what God wrought for us by . means of tho Reformation, I will pass to the : end of the century, and show you the social as ? pect of Ayr. \Vhen John Welch became its ?, Minister, such was the wickedness of the country i that there was only one man who would consent ) to give a lodging .to tho servant of God. The town \- wasdistracted with embittered factions and filled i with bloody conflicts. Determined to put an end \- to these fatal quarrels, he frequently rushed bo ) twoen two parties of men fighting, even in the : midst of blood and wounds. When ho suCwceded I in stopping the battle, he caused a table to be s furnished in the street, then ho began with i prayer ; he persuaded the combatants to be re l concilcd ; in token of returning amity,' to eat and ; drink together ; and he concluded his work of ? peace by singing a psalm. You are all aware of ? his eminent sanctity, and of tho astonishing ,re i vival he was honored to accomplish. But the time of redemption drew nigh, and we note the I following particulars as providential preparations I for the marvellous change :— i 1. The first is, that the leaven of Wicklifle's i doctrine, though unobserved, prevailed to no in i considerable extent in many districts of the coun try. We are persuaded that thoro,was still deep down in the heart of the nation a traditional sympathy with the purer system of the Caldees, which had not been completely suppressed before ?the preceding century ;' and in ' connection with this inarticulate feeling, an unextinguished re pugnance to the imperious dictation of Rome, which was secretly loathed as tho yoke of a fo reign power. But, in addition *o this was tho sense of truth and the conviction that the Papal Church was tho Anti-Christ of Scrip ture, which were the lingering fruits of Wickliffe's apostolic ^labors. In Kyle, ' the seed of the Lollards was quick and ready, and no sooner did the movement begin than this inde structible seed sprang up into vigorous vitality. In Fife, also, the disciples of Wickliffe appeared at the critical moment, and one of the most resolute of the party, Duncan, of Airdlio, espoused with all the ardour of enthusiam the cause of Patrick ; Hamilton as the cause of Christ. ] 2. A second preparative was the diffusion of classi cal literature, and n love of polite learning, which relieved a little tho thick cloud of ignorance which enshrouded the land, and induced some intel lectual activity and a freedom of thought which fitly preceded the dawn of reformation. A train \- of poets ushered in the day of light — Henryson, Douglas, Kennedy, Dunbar, and others, styled Makkara in the old Scottish dialect, roused and delighted the popular mind. Then there were Panther, abbot of Cambuskenneth ; Bellenden, archdeacon of Moray ; Vans and Wilson, named Vousenas ; BoycOj of Aberdeen ; John Major, of St. Andrews, with others we cannot enumerate, who attained to great distinction . as erudite scholars, and whose classical accomplishments quickened the intellectual pulse and enlarged the ideas of the Scottish mind. 3\. -A third most potent element in tho work of preparation was the introduction of Tyndale's translationoftheNewTestnmcnt and its circulation in private through all ranks of Bociety. It was, of course, a prohibited article, but it was imported very largely in defiance of. the anathemas of the church, and read with an avidity difficult to be conceived by us v: ho never felt or knew the want of such a treasure. To possess a copy of tho Now Testament was the longing desire of multitudes. One copy would serve a whole neighborhood. The precious volume was carefully concealed, and at midnight, when all was silent, the neighbors would quietly assemble in tho place appointed, and there, while one read, the others would listen with rapt attention. 4\. A fourth cause of tho rapidity with .which tho work of reformation progressed is to be found in . the position and churacter of the parties who were the primary instruments in achieving a suc cess that seems absolutely miraculous. We must keep in mind that fucdalism reigned with an in fluence but slightly modified at this remarkable period. The populace consisted of chiefs and their clans ; of princely lords and their vassals ; or of humble barons and their retainers. It is quite an erroneous notion that tlie reformers sprang from the lower classes of society. In the condition of Scotland in that ago, such a thing was olmost, if not altogether impossible. No doubt God uses the weak things of tho world to confound the mighty, and calls things that jlvo not as though they were. But beyond tho age of miracles, he displays his wisdom in the selection of suitable instruments for his Avork, as well as in crowning t their efforts with deserved success. :At this epoch the mass of the people were most easily affected through the iniluonce of their natural leaders, whose banner they followed in war, and whoso will had an authority superior to any other consideration. Scotland was reformed, therefore, by the zeal of 'her nobles and gentlemen.; The first preachers were the scions of noble fami lies ; the first martyr had royal blood in his veins. The first bond which 'pledged to tho work of God, at whatever exponso or hazard, was subscribed by the Earls of Argylo and Murray, Glencairne and' Morton, by Lords Lome, Ochiltree, Yesten and Boyd ; by Sandi lands, of Calder ; by Erskine, of Dun ; and by a large proportion of the lesser Barons. And now wo approach the scene of actual conflict. In nothing connected with this grand evolution of Providence is the hand of God more strikingly apparent than in the selection of Patrick Hamil ton to be the first herald of the cross of Christ, and the first martyr in the cause of that Lord whom he served with his whole heart. We ara told that he was ' distinguished for his high breeding and courtesy, a strong sense of honor, and an intense love for all humane and liberal studies. That he was mild and gentlo in his bearing, firm in spirit, impregnable in his princi ples : and when his natural gifts wove sanctified by the grace of heaven, he became, of course,most lovely in his life : unassuming in his ministry, and zealous as a confessor in behalf of tho truth as it is in Jesus. Pursuing his studies in Paris nnd Louvaine, lie first imbibed tho spirit of Erasmus, and adopted his qualified opinions. And at his first settlement in St. Andrew's he was simply an Erasmian, though his zeal against tho scandalous abuses of the Church soon subjected him to sus picion of heresy, and made him obnoxious to s tho Cardinal, who could brook no attack upon the character of the church, and no exposure of its shameful corruptions. Hamilton found it necessary to escape tho threatened danger by a temporary visit to the Continent. There he en ioyetl the personal friendship oi' Luther, nnd Lambert, of Tyndall and Frith. The con verse of such masters in Israel illumined tha inquring and .eager mind of Hamilton with a full knowlodge of the Sospel message.'^' At thejsi gestion of Lambert, he published in the form theses a little treatise calld ' Patrick's Place which contains the pith, of all divinity. But* heart burned within him to preach the bles'f Gospel to his own countrymen, and so he rested i until he reached his paternal home, and tin began his career as an ovangclisti speaking, c pounding, reasoning, with all meekness, and lo , suffering and wisdom, instant in .season a out of Benson, knowing that his time was sho and the work most urgent. Vnst was his succc His ministry at Kincavel was the kindling of flame that was destined to wrap all Scotland ii blaze of light, and to endure, not only for yea or for generations, but while Scotland has a pla ? on the map ef the globe, 01 so long as time its continues. Commanded -to repair to St. Andre\ he ''Trent, though well persuaded that he v ' placing himself at the metcy of one who thirst ? for his blood. There his ardor increased at I ? sight .of the abominations of Popery, and his pi deepened for the souls of brethren going down the abyss, the victims of a blasphemous delusio ? Friar Campbell was deputed to reason with h: in private. The result was that the Friar was n only put to silence, but fairly constrained to co fess that Hamilton's doctrine was nccor ing to scripture, and that in his heart ? believed it. But what availed the Wo of God, and the clearest light of truth? H death was predetermined, so with indece ? haste a mocking trial was hurried trhough, and t' ? stake was prepared for the victim. It was t: ?? noon of a winter's day. The haughty primate s m.his castellated palace, gloating over his pro His officials tormented their victim with th- coarse importunities to recant, by ciying ' Sat ? Regina.' With lamb-like gentleness he suffer . this open shame ; for six long hours was 1 body tortured by the stifling smoke and feel ? fire : at last the conflict ceased, and he expire ejaculating— 'How long, Lord, shall darkness ovc *adow thy kingdom ? How long wilt thou si for this tyranny of men ? Lord Jesus receive n ; spirit.' Thus died for the faith of Christ tl: noble youth, in the 2-ltIi year of his age, a marty dora wliich, if it won for him a crown of life, ci sured for Scotland that inestimable boon of 1 berty, to serve and worship God, in ob dience to Ids Word; praying for wh: his disembodied spirit ascended to' its res ? Hamilton died on fcthe 29th of February, 152 Wishart suffered on the 1st March, ? 154G. Tl ? interval of 18 years was a prolonged agony, 111 the pain of a- woman in sore travail ere her mai , child is 'horn. Wishart belonged to the aneie: home of Pitarrow. Like his predecessor, he w . of .a loving spirit — accomplished as one of the ripe scholars of his day, and, as a preacher, endow* ?with a sweet persuasive eloquence thatsubdui : the most rugged natures. Ho began his minist ? in Ross, but soon' transferred it .: Dundee.. Here ' he expounded the epist . to the Romans, and was shining as a star in tl ; hand of Zion's King, when the sinister policy i the Cardinal stirred up adversaries who cempellc -.. him to quit the town. He removed to Ayrshir . where he preached with wonderful success,. un1 the report reached liira that the plague had visitc Dundee , and was currying death through its fi ; milios. On the instant he returned. Regardlei of danger he hastened to the infected place thi he might publish salvation in the name of Cliri: to dying sinners. He stood on the top of Eai . Gnte ; on the one side the plague-stricken wei gathered, on the other side the healthy were at sombled. His text was, ' He sent his word an hcalod them,' and by his discourse, ho so soothe and- encouraged all hearts that the prospect c .. death ceased to alarm — nay, fcargavc way to hop and despondency to joy, for to die at once wa reckoned a happier portion than to be prcservei for a time in this -world. That touching seen and the word wliich ho spoke, has never been for gotten to this day. The virtue of that sermon . ennancod by the devotedness of the man wh preached it, planted the pure Gospel in that bus-* town which has . never since lost its heavenl' privilege. Not far-off, in a. spot well-known t . myself— where in boyhood I used to ramble, littl heeding the labors and sorrows of tke saints of distant age, Wishart oh one occasion, spent a pot .tion of the night in' n little garden Jiis whole being intensely excited by th swelling emotions of his heart. He wa watched by friendly eyes. For a time ho wouL . walk about, sighing as in great anguish : then h would fall on his knees and poiu- out his feeling, in audible groans : then, again, ho would lie pros trate on liis face and weep and pray as if in a con ilict of woe. Next morning he was requested ti explain' the cause of his extraordinary trouble With reluctance he consented, and then gavi i utterance to tliis prophetic confession :' I wil tell you, I am assured my travel is near ended Iherefore call to God for me, that I shrink no I when tlie battle waxeth hottest.' While thej ' wept he said, ' Comfort you : God shall send yov comfort after me. This realm shall be illumi nated with the light of Christ's gospel as clearlj as was ever, any realm since the days of the . Apostles. The house of God shall be buildcd in it 'yea it shall not lack, whatsoever the enemy ima gine to the contrary, the very topstone. Neithei -shall .the time be long till that the glory of Got shall evidently appear and once triumph in spite of Satan. There shall not many suffer after me.' .-That these wore no vain words, the course oi events soon, demonstrated, and after the lapse oi 300 years we read them as the aspirations of one ? but lately departed, and appreciate their reality far beyond what was possible to the friends ho sought to ohcer in that ungenial springtime of our coun try's life. Knox had a' filial love for Wishart; he loved him as a father; he loved him as an Evangelist; and he clung to hhn with all- the tond determination -.of his manly heart. Wishart was at. Haddington : the omens of his. end 'were multiplying on every- side ; Knox would share his danger whatever it might be. Nay, said the willing victim. ' Nay, return to your children ? God bless you ; one is sufficient for a sacrifice.' By a process of astute villany Beaton got him into his ?power : his doom was sealed : there was a deceitful trial , and then the hurrying of the servant fo God to a cruel end. 'This flame,' he said, 'as his flesh was burning, this flame hath scorched my body yet it hath not daunted my spirit. But he whom ' from yonder high place, beholdeth me with such pride' shall within a few clays he in the same as ignominiously as now he is seen to rest liimself proudly.' So he yielded up the ghost and obtained his crown. This was on the' 1st of March, 151G. Three months, after, on a Saturday morning, the 29th May, Norman Leslie and his company invaded the castle, burst into the Cardinal's chamber, and while upbraiding him with liis falseness and cruelty, pierced him with their swords, and crying 'I am a priest, fyc.fyc! all is gone !' ho was dismissed to another tribunal and to abide the sentence of a more righteous judge. 1 The tide was deepening as it rolled on wards. Thought could 'not bo chained nor sympathy interdicted. The truth was not quenched in the ashes of ' the martyrs, and it soon appeared that the blood of the Saints was the rery seed and nourishment of the Church. The smoke of Hamilton's funeral pile spread the contagion of his principles throgh ovcry hamlet, nook, and parish, wliile it drew to the cause those powerful families who reckoned him oiie of their kindred oa relatives. Through nil the land there were cxitement and debate; thtrc were meetings for conference andfor prayers. The Scriptures were more etrrncstly desired and more extensively circulated. Meanwhile Sir David (Lindsaystrung liis harp and charmed the . common people by liis exhibition of the immorali ties of the clergy. Buchanan, in his Somnium Falinodia, and Franciscanus, written in the purest Latin, held them up to ridicule and infamy. That tilings were tending to a change was obvious to every one, but «till the otstacles to be overcome were numerous and formidable; and it was a ques tion which no .human wisdom could solve which party was to prevail iii this unrelenting warfare. For the power of the church was still incom parably the strongest power in Scotland, and then it was supported by tho .'influence and resources of Franco. James V. died of a broken heart, and was »uccecded first by Arran, and in a little while after by the Queen Ilegcnt, one of the cleverest and most unscrupulous of all the Eceptred minions of Home. It wcKild take tho pen of genius to draw a life portrait of this extraordinary woman. For deep subtlety and seductive address, for envenomed hatred of tho Gospel and deterntfhation to .extinguish its light, she holds a bad pre eminence in tho annals of our ancient kingdom It was at this perilous juncture, and in the face of these opponents, that John Knox appeared on the troubled scene— a man raised up of God for the time and the work, and endowed with fatuities, both of nature and of grace, which fitted him for the gigantic enterprise of this unparalleled Reformation. To estimate his ebwRotsr, wo awt recognise the, difficpltiw »f His lg- task. We must have a clear understanding of the i of battle ho had to fight, and of the adversaries he s,' must effectually conquer. On him devolved the his mission of instructing all classes of the people in icd the errors of the religion which must be abolished, iot and in the truths and ordinances, duties and pri ere rileges of pure and undented Cliristianity. When ix- he began, there was but little knowledge of the' ing Gospel as a whole. The pride and profligacy of nd ecclesiastics, and, above all, their pitiless ferocity irt, as displayed in a long series of horrible murders, ss. made them, as a class, the abhorrence of Jthe ma il jority of the populace ; but there was a very i a limited conviction that the church was an in xs, curable npostacy ; aud that its distinguisliing ice rites, and in particular the Mass, were essentially elf idolatrous. There were as yet very few prepared ys, to raze the temple of Anti-Christ to the ground; ,-as to sap its foundations, much ' less to adopt in ed its stead the Scriptural creed and polity of a he simple Apostolic Church. But before tbe true ity church could be accepted, the false church must to bo abandoned. The harlot with her silken attire in. must be cast out before the Bride of the Lamb in im her robes of purity could be welcomed in. To tot enlighten the public mind through the length and n- breadth of Scotland to this extent, to impress it d- with convictions of this comprehensive nature, he to fire it with a zeal adequate to this tremendous rd struggle, was the calling of Knox, and no more [is than one aspect of his calling ; for he must mt win not merely the confidence but the mastery of he a high spirited, and irritable noblesse ; ho had to he unite 'them into, one firm' phalanx; he had tD lat heal inveterate feuds and brooding jealousies; he :y. had to subdue or allure them to his purpose by sir the force of considerations, which overcame their Ive strongest prejudices; he had to control their ed heady passions ; and to pledge them with all their lis powers to stand by the cause of Christ's evangel, -le cost what it might. Nay more. He had to deal !d, with Royalty itself ; to address the throne, and -r- to exercise such authority as would defeat tho in if- sidious counsels, and neutralise the hostility of one iy ruler after another. It must not bo forgotten that iis the popish system was as thoroughly political as r- it was ecclesiastical. It affected every office of n- state and every interest of the commonwealth ; i- and was to be reprobated not only as an Anti e- Christ that hindered the salvation of souls ; but as ih a secular tyranny, that wasted the substance and it the bodies of men. Keeping thesethings in view, we S, will bo able to appreciate with some degree of :ie intelligence, the singular qualites which fitted ke Knox to bo the champion of this eventful cause, n- and to win a victory over the hosts .of Midian. nt Zeal for the glory of Christ was the governing as feature of his character; faith in the truth of ?st Christ — clear, implicit, indomitable — was the hid 2d den fire which kindled this zeal and fed its vc jd hemence. He had studied the Bible until its ry contents were familiar to him as house to hold words. His' scholarship, though not lo equal to that ' of . Melancthon, was ie yet ouch as ensured him the respect of scholars, of As n theologian, he was thoroughly furnished ; ?d his knowledge was masterly ; his light rcsplen e, dent as the sun. And then he was the statesman as til he was the reformer, — conversant with the secret :d politics of Europe and with the conspiracies of i\\- Guises. He was therefore prepared for the worst. ss No one knew better than he the trucident schemes at of the Princes of Lorraine, and their design to ex st tinguish the infant life of the Reformation in st Scotland, by the agency of' Queens, who were re the willing tools of their ambition. But, Knox 3- had a foresight which nothing could elude ; a d sagacity wliich nothing could bafllc ; a perception d of the spirits of men, unerring as intuition ; and jf a firmness of purpose which no menaces could e shake, and no dangers influence'. His manners s were according to the fashion of his age. He d wanted the polish of these later days as he e wanted their insincerity. The land was rude, \- the people unrefined. But in manner, Knox was i, not less courteous than gentlemen of tho best o esteem. He was ardent in his temperament to a y dcfjrec that has never been surpassed. But his y ardor never degenerated into unseemly vio o lence, as has been invidiously said. There was a e severity in his aspect and style when struggling a for. a vital principle, which his defamers are ?- pleased to describe as the insolence of a ruffian. \- But impartially examined, this imputed insolence e is seen to be nothing more than the .s inflexibility of one who would not be tempted to d compromise the truth, cither by the blandish e ments of hypocrisy, or by the threat of compul s sion. Had he been less uncompromising, he would \- have osoaped tliis slander ; but had he been less \- uncompromising he would have betrayed the 0 cause of his country, and the ark of his God. His :. greatest talent, perhaps, was his gift as a preacher. c AVe say, frankly, that, we know of no oratory i 1 belonging to modern times that we think equal : . to Knox's in its power to lead captive all orders i t of hearers. His logical precision is absolutely 1 ,? faultless ; he conducts liis argument from pre- i i miscs to conclusion, with a distinctness of method i \- and a clearness of sequence, that the simplest i r could follow without a consciousness of effort, i 3 He draws both liis reasoning and illustration i ; directly from Scripture; liis discourse is indeed a - ? splendid development of some divine principle ] r wrapt up in doctrine; and proved by startling i 1 providences. : As he speaks, every word tells— i \- eye, voice, language, attitude, gesture, give - 1 energy to a message that arrests every ear, and 1 r penetrates and subdues every heart. Not a sen- j !' tence is misplaced — not a syllable is superfluous t i — words are thoughts, and the discourse is not so c much a succession of flashes as a continuous s stream of lightning, that illuminates while it smites a aud before whose vivid fervor the strongholds of su- r perstition are dissolved, and the magic of priestcraft A exhales as a vapor. How strikingly providential \ were his misfortunes and his deliverances ! His s first exile is a time of grief to Scotland. On the one hand, violence rages, and snints are perse- cutod to death — the Gospel enterprise is re- duced to a wreok, and the imperious persecutor exults in the apparent triumph of his wicked- ness. On the other hand, God frowns on the guilty nation ; there is war,' invasion,, and disas trous battlo ; and these visitations enfeeble the tyrant's arm, and compel him for a while to moderate his fury. Knox . returns, and liis pre- sence is as life from the dead. His voice is the trumpet of God, and, obedient to the rousing call, the people unite in an open renunciation of popery and in a resolute demand for a Reformed church. Again, he retires to^Geneva ; and again the work languishes. But, guided by his advice, the leaders of the cause determined to bind them- selves by a solemn compact to abide by the enter- prise, and to prosecute it to a successful issue, This first band, as it was termed, was. subscribed in December, 1657. It bound its adherents to seek ' that public prayers and the administration of the Sacraments should be celebrated by ministers I in their mother tongue, that all the people might understand them; that the election of minis- ters according to tho custom of the primitive church should be made by the people; and that they who presided over that election should in- quire diligently into the laws and doctrines of all that were admitted.' You will observer that a formal recognition of the right of the people to elect tkeir ministers was one of the prominent articles embodied in the first public document that characterised the Re- formation in Scotland. And tho reason is, that our Reformers copied no foreign model, and fol- lowed not the dictates of any human authority, They made neither Luther nor Calvin their oracle — imitated neither Augsburg nor Geneva— but took the Word of God for their sole directory ; and drew both their doctrines and their discipline from that sacred source of all grace and truth, The parties who subscribed this covenant pro- cured an Act of Council, that it should bo lawful for every one that could read, to use the English version of the Bible, until the prelates should publish a more correct one— an act which gave free course to the Word of Life, and called forth the fervent gratitude of many thousands. But opposition increased, and dangers thickened, The Queen Regent, Mary of Guise, fortified by the presence of a French army, determined to sup- press the religious excitement without further hesitation. She declared that the preachers should be banished from Scotland, ' though they should preach as well as St. Paul,' and when re- minded of her promises, replied, ' that it became n»t subjects to burden their princes with pro- mises further than they pleased to keep them.' Preaching without consent of the bishop was prohi- bitod by a royal edict, and for disobedience four preachers wore cited to stand their trial before the justiciary court of Stirling, for usurping the ministerial office, and sowing sedition among the people. At this emergent hour Knox arrived ; the priests were panic struck ; the council broke up in confusion ; a messenger was dispatched to the Queen, and in a few days Knox was proclaimed an outlaw and a rebel. It was a case of life or death. The cause was identified with one man. It is Knox proclaimed an outlaw and a rebel ;. or it is Mary.of Guise, with all Rome in her train. It was, we repeat, a question of life or death. How fared it with tho branded outlaw ? Ho determined to join the four preachers at Stir ling ; to cast in his lot with them ;' and to peril the cause on the issue of the experiment. But ho proceeds first to Dundee; from Dundee to Perth ; .md from Perth he arrives at Stirling, borne on the acclamations of the people, whose enthusiasm armed him with a power which repressed for a a time tho royal anger. Taking advantage of the riotous proceedings of a rabble in Perth, wliich Knox described as a rascal multitude, the Regent marched her forces towards St. Andrew's, bent on axecuting her infamous project at the point of tho sword. But Knox was in the way. Inspirited by his devotion, alike superior to fear, and equal to the occasion, tho leaders ex temporised a gallant host from the im tnudiato neighborhood, and frustrated her wicked design. And now fully alive to her treacherous ?spirit, and the magnitude of their own interest, they subscribed a second bond or covenant binding themselves to renounce Popery ; to promote the true religion ; and to defend themselves and their cause by force of arms. This was in the summer of 1559. But fearful were the critical turns in tho controversy after this. And it is certain, that had Knox not displayed an utmost superhuman intrepidity, as well as a trust in God that never trembled, and a discernment of the future that seemed to be prophetic, the cause would have sunk and been extintinguished in the blood of its defenders. During this death .struggle, we are equally imptessed with, the colossal strength of his resolution and tho great depth of liis piety. The sobs and implorings of iiis earnest spirit contrast with the dauntless courage of his public career. In his closet we see him overwhelmed with emotion, sigliing out his pent-up sorrows, and wrestling with God to pity them in their bad estate and to send help from His sanctuary. Outofit,undin the midst of danger, vvhen disruay is pictured in every face, and irre solution is unnerving every heart, lie is firm as ada mant and hopeful as if the palm of victory was already in liis hand. By the aid of England, the French troops were expelled from the country — tho Queen Regent died — a free parliament was assembled ; and in the month of August, 15G0, Popery was abolished, and the Protestant religion substituted in its place. I shall not follow the current of his tory further, but conclude this address with a summary account of the grand charac teristics of the Scottish Reformation. These we will comprehend under three heads, two of wliich are common to the reformation abroad as well as in ' our fatherland, while the third is peculiar to Scotland, and has formed its distinguishing mark, and its ejninent glory from the origin of that awakening down to the present hour. At the request of the Parliament, there was prepared first a statement of the doctrines of the Gospel, and afterwards a book of discipline setting forth the polity or constitution of tho church. That enumeration of truths lo be believed is in perfect harmony with the confession of faith, draw up at a later day by the West minster divines. It consists of twenty- five ar ticles, and embodies, in explicit and precise lan guage, a summary of the essential verities of the Christian revelation. It is pleasing to observe the fullness of knowledge of the system of grace possessed by the primitive fathers of our Zion ; and that at this great distance of time from that lurid morning of ?ur Church, ? there is very little, indeed, that we can object to as either exaggerated, or erroneous, or obscure. In one point alone do we hesitate to give a cordial con currence, and that is, that in regard to one or two matters of practice, they held that the law of Moses was to be. literally observed ; and in this belief they insisted that as the mass was idola trous, so the celebration of that superstitious rite, being an act of idolatry, should be punished as an intolerable crime. But the doc trines affirmed and explained in that first Scot tish confession are still, -with slight abatement, the faith of our common Presbyterianism, — still the avowed standards of our Churches — the burthen of the message delivered dvery Sabbath from our -pulpits — tho life and core of that piety which has gained strength fiom suffering, and made our country renowned as one of Christ s most faithful witnesses. I. Our first characteristic is, that the word of God contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments is the only and the infallible rule of faith and manners. This dogma is one of the hinges of the Reformation, or, one of the main pillars which sustains tho super structure of faith. It necessarily implies the right of private judgment, Air if the Word be the only law, then by that word we niust be guided now, and wo will bo judged hereafter. As no man can obey or suffer for another, so no man can believe or judge for another. It is with God il»no that every sinner has to do ; and as He hath made known His will, His express revelation, contained in the written Word, so by that uner ing law — that perfect testimony, every opinion must be formed — every action weighed. This loctrine sweeps away the whole web of lies re jecting tradition as of Divine authority — respect- ing a yisible church, however corrupt, . as , i nvested'with infallibility— respecting the sacor- ? lotal office as alone possessed of the Key of i Knowledge, or entitled to be revered as the inter- ] -reter of Scripture. This doctrine, as it assigns 1 0 the Bible, which is God's Word, His lively t ivacles, its proper place, so it bestows on the f inner, to whom the Word is spoken, an malien- ( iblo privilege. To him the Lord speaks, and he ( nust hear and believe what the Lord says. The i iVord is light ; it carries its own evidence along i yith it ; and the assistance which the inquiring c inner needs ; is not the decree of the church, or i if a body of men fallible as himself, but the c Humiliation of the Holy Ghost, the Spirit i if Truth, wkieh leads unto all truth, s .'herefore we believe in the testimony of the \ ,Vordof God, as that is opened to tho heart by n he teaching or revelation of tho Holy Spirit. I II. The second characteristic is, that we are t ustified by faith, and not by the works of the c aw. Salvation is of grace — free and sovereign grace, n t is Christ that died, yea, rather that is risen 1: gain. He is the end of the law for righteous- n ess, and we, believing, are made ? the 'v ighteoiisness of God in Him. Whor- c yer there is faith in Him,- flip' sinner is jus- fi ified from all things ; is reconciled to ?od, and r: ecopteel as abelovedson. Christ's work is finished, fi Ee hath done all things well. He is sufficient fi nd able to save unto the uttermost. His blood h tones for all sin. His obedience justifies the verv T liicf of sinners. This doctrine forms the second ft inge of the Reformation — the second of those ri olden pillars which support the temple of our re- fi gion. It involves distinctly the repudiation of the a liesthood ecclesiastics, or of the interven- ir on of any creature, or device, between the la )ul and Christ. It asserts that as there is no v: lore sacrifice for sin, so there is no other mediator vi r advocate ; no other way of peace, or life, or h ope; and condemns wholesale the monstrous tl omp.lication of error by which Rome arrays her ci 'ope as a High Priest ; dignifies her ministers as tl a many mediators ; erects an altar, and offers an st nbloody oblation ; cannonizes saints, and prays n 3 them as intercessors; stores up the su- ft ererogatory merits of her devotees, and uses a !iem to supplement tho defective obedience si f others— invents a purgatory, and makes its fan- m ied horrors a source of gain, and, to crown all, tl ciiics the Virgin Mary, and adores her under the gl lasphemous title of the Mother of. God. Ro- ft ouncing these impieties, as at once destructive of h: ie grace of Clirist and tho salvation of the guilty, tl ur doctrine proclaims that Christ was once di ffered to bear the sins of many, and that by fo mt one offering He hath perfected for ever hi lem that are sanctified; that He is the way, tho n- uth, and the life; that whosoever believeth in Q as name shall be saved; that whosoever cometh re 1 tho Father by Him shall in nowise bo cast tr it. Ihis gospel ascribes to Him all the glorr in : salvation, and invites the chief of sinners to w ok on the Lamb that was slain and he shall he i saved. It brings the lost sinner to the Divine 'N edoomer, and leaves him in the everlasting arms. m- conducts him to the fountain of Immanuel's as ood, and straightway imparts peace to the re- he orseful conscience, and purity to the vilest and sh ostpollutcd koart. 'Not by works ofrighteousness as Inch we have done, but according to His mercy of les God save us by the washing of regenera- be -n, the and renewing of the Holy Ghost, shed on st- abundantly through Jesus Christ our Lord.' in III. The third characteristic, is the chief wl itinction, as it has been the immemorial- of al, of the Scottish Reformed or Protestant vh lurch. It consists in the vital principle that tin irist is the sole King, Lawgiver, and Judge in pn s church, wliich is His spiritual kingdom ; via it the laws and ordinances of the church are of am s appointment; that the kings and rulers ini the earth have no official standing, within rca ) walls of . the church ; no authority to livi ieal o; change its iasUtutipas, for. less t-? impqgo. ace laws upon its servants and people, which rob them of theit privileges and cruelly wound their con science. The principle is very sinvple and obvious, i Clirist is the head of every man. Tho be liever can have no Lord but Christ.' He lives by faith, Clirist 'reigning in' the heait, which pros pers and rejoices because he reigns. So with the church, which is just a company of believers, associated, that they may worship tho Lord as he hath directed them. When it is affirmed, that such a body can have no Head but Christ, we mean, that the word of Christ is the law of all their proceedings. As they value .the ordinances of his house, so, they diligently use them and no others. For he hath appointed these ordinances as the way in which he will be found, as the moans through wliich as hi* chosen agency he ?will convey the blessings of his grace ; and to slight them,' and to substitute others of man's invention, would bo an act of dishonor to Clu-ist ; the setting: up of another authority in his house ; a manner of will worship as displeasing to him as injurious to tho welfare of his people. The glory of his house consists in this — that he is its King, its sovereign Lord ; that his word is its only law ; and that his laws are the privileges of his servants. Thus he reigns, thus he exercises his supremacy, thus he fulfils his promises ; and rides foith in Ins chariot of light conquering and to conquer. This principle was introduced at the beginning of the work, and was regarded both as the basis and topstone of tho sanctuary that was to bo erected. It took tho form o_f tr question concerning the privileges of the Christian people, and ' the inde pendent jurisdiction of the church, as a kingdom separate from all temporal kingdoms, as much aa .the spiritual element is distinct from the secular and material. It is instructive to notice how soon this doctrine was promulgated, and how very soon it awoke the jealousy and opposition of nublea and princes. We see it fairly budding into life in the band or covenant that was sub scribed in 1557, in which it is declared that the people have a right to elect their ministers ac cording to the custom 'of the primitive Church. The very year which witnessed the national ac ceptance of the Reformation witnessed also the commencement of a battle which has continued to this day, on account of the liberty wliich flows to believers from the crown of Christ. The idea of two kingdoms and of spiritual jurisdiction, quite independent of the secular powers, was ex ceedingly unpalatable to the tasto of monarchs who loved despotism in their own persons, and could brook no authority that did not pay homage to their will. Hence, at. the second Assembly, Secretary Maitland, in the name of the Queen, objected to the convening of any assembly with out the royal sanction. To this challenge a mem ber replied, ' If the liberty of the kirk should depend on the Queen's allowance or disallowance, we ore assured we shall be deprived not only of Assemblies, but of the public preaching of tho Gospel ;' to which Knox added the neverto be-forgotten sentence, 'Take from us the freedom of Assemblies, and take from us the evangel, for without Assemblies how shall good order and unity in doctrine be kept' 'Under James VI. the objection was revived, though on grounds somewhat different,' and led to a conflict of jurisdiction, or of the State against the Church, which produced some of the most extraor dinary displays of faithfulness which adorn the annals of any Christian people. Andrew Melville was the appropriate successor of liira over whose tomb the Earl of Morton pronounced the deatlilcss culogium — ' Here lies the body of him who never feared the face of a man.' On him was devolved the gigantic labor of setting in order that goodly house wliich his fore-runner had builded. Inferior to Knox in popular elo quence, he surpassed him in learning, and was his equal in piercing discernment and indomitable intrepidity. His strife was with his king in earthly things for liimwho was /itsking in spiritual things ; and he fought this battle with such un flinching zeal and abundance of knowledge, that though ho was at last compelled to flee for his life, heimpiessed the truth with suchmightyforcoon the conscience of liis country, that never since that event has it lost its place or its value in the re ligion oi Scotland. In 159G, King James had re solvcd on a measure that would have proved fatal to the Reformation. Mel ville accompanied a deputation to the palace at Falkland, aud thus remonstrated with his Sovereign : — ' Sir, we will always humbly reverence your majesty in public, but since we have this occasion to be with your majesty in pri vate, and since you arc brought into extreme dan gei , both of your life and crown, and along with you, the country and the church of God arc like to go to wreck, for, not telling you the truth, and giving you faithful counsel, we must discharge our dutj', or else be traitors both to Christ and you. Therefore, sir, as divers times before I haTe told you, so now again I must tell you, that there are two kings and two kingdoms in Scotland ; there is King James, the head of this common wealth, and there is Christ Jesus, the king of the church, whose subject James VI. is, and of whoso kingdom he is not a king, nor a lord, nor a head, but a member. We will yield to you your pkee, and give you all due obedience ; but again, I say, you are not the head of the Church ; you cannot give us that eternal life which we seek for even in this world, and you cannot de prive xis of it. Permit us, then, freely to meet in the name of Christ, and to attend to the interests sf the Church of which you are a chief member. 3ir, when you were in your swaddling clothes, Ohrist Jesus reigned freely in this land in spite )f all his enemies ; his officers and ministers con rened for the ruling and welfare of his Church, which was ever for your welfare when these same :nemies were seeking your destruction, and now when there is more than extreme necessity for the :ontinuance of that duty, will you hinder and dis leaiten Christ'B servants, and your most faithful ubjects quarreling them for their convening, vhen you should rather commend and counte lancc them, as did the godly kings and emperors.' During the delivery of this confounding lecture, he king's passion, which was very high at the ommenccmont gradually subsided, and he dis nissed the ministers with fair promises. This -rinciple.has been the special charge and testi- i nony of our Presbyterian Churches. Andinvariably i 'ital religion has prospered or faded as this prin- 1 iple has been kept in honor, or been compromised - or a price. Christ's supremacy or the crown 1 ights of the Redeemer, mean a pure gospel faith- t ully preached and Scriptural ordinances fuith- I ully administered. Any tampering with the one 1 as uniformly unpaired tho integrity of the other, r 'he Church, as Knox conceived and Melville i ishioned it, has ever been a tree of life fruitful of -y ighteousness and peace,- while any dejjarture c :om its divine simplicity by the introduction of c secular leaven, has .eclipsed the sun c l the midst of heaven, and afflicted the c md with sterility and. gloom. In re- -v iewing this agitated period, we are struck ii rith some thoughts which are apt to be over- j joked and forgotten. It is surely to the credit of p lie very men who are ' unsparingly reviled as )j oarse fanatics who looked with grim delight' on fi lie perdition of their adversaries, that°not a 1 ingle Itomnnist suffered death far the sake of his t eliffion. Never, in Scotland, was martyrdom s jr conscience' sake, either the choice or the fate of n popish priest. From this distacce of time we n janwith unobstructed vision, tho chequered o «le, and can judge by events of tho wisdom or tl ie folly that occasioned them. We see at a si lance that Knox's zeal was God's instrument si -r a work of transcendant excellence, ' and that fi iR councils were wieo as they were earnest ? p lCMSults of an understanding as just ns it was \\\ isinterested. If the statesmen of Scotland had A illowed the advice of Knox, their names would tl ive been as a fragrant ointment in all future ge- ti 21-ations ; and if Scotland's beautiful but unhappy tl ueen had listened with an honest heart to the a- ipeated remonstrances of this truth-loving and tl uth-speaking minister, she would have reigned pi tho affections of her subjects, escaped the of rctchcdncss. which consumed her days, and the is -rrible tragedy wliich ended her devious career a rishart s prophetic words are re- echoed by me- co ory as wo draw our obesrvations to a close. From th sequestered garden on the banks of the Tay, we bi ;a,r,H'c tidings, as an angel's message— 'this realm to all be illumined with the light of the Gospel, lo clearly as ever was any since the days ar the^ Apostles.' The house of God shall ut builded m it, yea, it shall not lack the very top in )ne. Wonderfully has this prediction been it measure accomplished. But the house of God lal lose foundations were laid in the martyrdom he Wishart, though it has grown in bulk and sur- ro ped many a shattering storm ; yet its top stone— we 3 very top stone— has not been attained. But tha str vyers of saints are the will of God. The golden sla us never send up their sweet odours in vain :— tin dsure as this confessor spoke in faith, and died rit triumph, so certain is it that his vision will be his liscd, in the placing of the top stone on the pai uig temple of our ancestral faith, umid the fail ilauft of. many peoples scouting— Cftace, grace ia( ???-. ' ' unto it in the name of the Lord ! Amen. A hymn was then sung, and the blessing pre nounced, after which the congregation separatee THE TUBI.IC MEETING AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDING; At half-past six o'clock in the evening, apubli meeting was held in the Exhibition Buildin; The building was well filled both in the bod and in the gallery. The chair wt taken by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, who ha his Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne on hi right hand, and the very Rev. the Dean on hi left. The proceedings were opened by singin the one hundredth psalm, after wliich a pray- was offered up, and Dr. Caiiins, with a few introductory remark! then introduced to the meeting The Rev. A. Love, who delivered the firi address upon the subject of 'The State of Scoi land at the time of the Reformation.' He said :- To know the state of any country, the amoui of civilisation and liberty enjoyed by its popuh tion, we have only to ascertain the true state- of b religious institutions and its religious life. Whei ignorance and superstition prevail, the securit and happiness of social order are unknown, an liberty knows no greater freedom than mere escaj from the thrall of the tyrant and the galling yoli of his chains. At the time when tl: light of the Reformation dawned .upon ^Scotlani she was deeply sunk in tho general darknc; which had brooded over the whole of Europe ft many centuries, and the consequences were jui such as prevail in any country where ignoram and superstition have enslaved the minds an destroyed the liberties of the people. Scotland howes, and Scotland's knowes, may have been i lovely and fascinating in their variety an beauty then as they are at the present day— h( rivers and her lakes may have been as enchantin — her blooming heather may have been as swc- on the breath of the morning— her daughters ma have been as winsome, and her sons as chivalrou and brave as ji world- wide fame admits themt bo now ; but the true enjoyment of such beautic and such blessings could only be experienced in very limited degree, where every thought we depressed by the foreboding of wrong, and ever hope checked by the dread of evil. Tyranny wf the order of the day, and cruelty and oppressio were its natural fruits. Princes gave forth thei mandates with the a\ithority of theju-s divinum, t be answered too frequently by the clang of armi and the defiant posture of lawless men. Noble rose to power sometimes by fair and honorabl means, but as often by treachery and assassina tion, and the steps of their exaltation were, i innumerable instances, on the necks of thei helpless and unprotected vassals. But th greatest tyranny of all was the enormous powc wielded by the Romish priesthood over the con sciences and the will of all classes of socictj They who should have been the first — as profease servants of Clirist— to seek to dispel the darkness and to clear away the corruption, that was fostei ing and encouraging licentiousness, outrage, an crimes of every character and degree, were th foremost by their precepts and example in pro moting the growth and spread of the most out rageous and disgusting enormities. I am not her to denounce the priesthood of that period becaus they wercdevoted to the service of extondin; and consolidating the authority of tho Churcl of Rome. For we must remember that w owe much to tho fact that the religion which the; represented, and which they ought to havi adorned, had been long established in Scotland had been for centuries the universal religion o the people— that the seeds of Christianity ha( been sown which yielded afterwards, under thi light and refreshing influences of the llcformatioi movement, the glorious fruits realised, when three centuries ago, the Parliament gave full sane tion to the steps wliich had been taken by tin reformers for overthrowing for ever tho power o the Pajiacy in Scotland, wliich proved tho destruc tion of the dominion of ignorance ant the extinction of the reign of terror Neither am I hero to lay open to the gazi of the public the penetralia of those temples o iniquity, tho monasteries, which so greatl; abounded tliroughout the length and breadth o' the land. But I am here to denounce the fitnesi of tho clergy of that period, or rather to declan their unfitness, by reason of ignorance and licen tiousness, for the holy work of bringing sinners tc the Saviour, and leading men to a life of pietj and peace. I am here especially to expose tin cruelty exercised Iry the priesthood upon thosi who claimed the inalienable right of every man— the right of private judgment in the matter o. conscience and religion, and the liberty of teaching others a purer faith, tmd a holier practice. The cause which ? tended most of al! to rouse the indignation of the people was the cruel and crushing persecution which was set on foot against tho few who dared to declare their conscientious convictions, and openly sought to fasten the same convictions, and by the aid of the same blessed gospel truths, on the minds of their countrymen. It was the policy of the Popish clergy to encourage ignorance and superstition, and to this end they strove by every means in their power to extinguish the illumina tion of the holy scriptures, which began about the time we are speaking of to be intro duced in many of the homes of Scotland, and to substitute the most absurd and impious doctrines, that their impostures might command the most implicit belief. In their maddened efforts to accomplish their darling purpose they had recourse to the most savage and alarming perse cution, and many noted for their piety, learning, and humility, were driven to tho dungeon, and perished at the stake. But in the fearful tragedies— and they were many— that filled Scot land with terror and the deepest sorrow, from the martyrdom of Patrick Hamilton in 1528 to that of George Wishart in 1516, the reigning prelates, chiefly Cardinal Beaton, made a fatal mistake, for if over the blood of the martyrs proved in any instance the seed of the Church, it did so in the case* of those early victims to the malignant hatred of the papacy. Oh, could the wretched man who condemned to such a terrible fato those inno cent witnesses for the truth, but have seen that the blazing faggots ordered as the ministers of his wrath, would prove, like the ancient summons of the fiery cross, the moans of awakening Scotland throughout her cities, villages and glens, and Ji- ing the best, the noblest and the bravest of ier sons to the rally for liberty of conscience, the ?emoval of social corruption, and the faithful ad ninistration of just and equitable laws, ho surely ,vould have paused in his career of vengeance ; or :ould he but have foreseen his own fate, so sud len, and as ruthless as unwarranted, he never iould have pursued a- policy which was sure to ixasperate the whole nation, and speedily vork the destruction of his own ambitious )lans', . *; ' * * This was a critical joriod for tho cause of the Reformation. Her mblic teachers and her bravest champions were icing cut off one after another, and the heart of jeotlandbeat with the keenest anxiety and alarm. Jut the hand of an overruling Providence was in ho work, and it is instructive to read how, by a Iriking combination of circumstances, zealous and csolute champions were raised up -to bear wit ess to the truth, and boldly braved the dangers f exile and the thrcatenings of death. Your lioughts, I have no doubt, have alreadv uigled out the' most prominent, zealous, and uccessful of these; and there is 'not a bre in the whole frame of any true Scotchman resent that will not vibrate with intense emotion ?hen I repeat before you the name of John Knox. Lfter refeiring. to tho influence exercised by ie . assembly of nobles and others who at that me met under the title of 'the Congregation of ie Lord,' tho rev.- gentleman said that, great 3 -was the zeal of. this powerful body, lere was a deficiency of that sage counsel and radical direction, without which courage is ften lost in rashness, and the most heroic spirit quenched in the disappointment of not finding leader _ equal to tho emergency . which has illed it forth. The deficiency was fully met in ie person of Knox. He possessed a spirit that ' ooked no compromise— that refused to succumb i i the most appalling difficulties— and that fol- j wed up its purposes with a decision, an enercv i id a zeal that, like the bursting out of a pent- i j stream, carried everything before them. But 1 speaking of the efforts of this wonderful man, i ?will be enough simply to remind you how he t bored and peisevered in the glorious work ; how 1 s braved and bore down the opposition of 1 yalty, nobility, and prelacy, with a will that c juld bend to nothing but the truth ;— how ho t ?ove to raise the church from having been the t ive of general councils and popes, to be herself C u source and the arbiter of all spiritual autho- s y exercised within her pale,— and how k i influence procured a convention of the r- iliament, which approved of a confession of tl tu, wiuch he, and other Protestant Isadora, I A compost; Wd. at the jame tiae ab|Ushe4 ei for ever the papal jurisdiction in Scotland, and i- ratified the Protestant religion, as tho religion of ' I. the State. This was in Augusl 15G0, when amidst the silence of the Romish bishops, the parliament having accepted and ratified the con fession of faith alluded to, gave the finishing c stroke to the glorious work which for nearly half a '? century had been growing up to this culminating y point. The rev. gentleman then concluded by clo is quently referring to the blessings wliich were d conferred both on the generations which hnd alroad y is revered the eventful period they then commcrao is rated, and upon those which were yot to com^ g by the Scotch Reformation and the labors of the ? reformers. The Rev. James Baiaantyne delivered the 5- next address upon 'The Prbiciplcs of tho Scottish Reformation' : — What wore the ?l principles of the Scottish Information ? t' This inquiry might be answered in did'e ~ rent ways; although if these answers were 11 correct, they would, in their essentials, be one. l' The simplest and briefest answer probably would H be that these principles were just the principlea rc which the Bible teaches, in reference to the '? nature, constitution, doctrines, powers,' aud pri ld vilcges of the Church of Christ ; that that Church -c is a spiritual institution, that it. was ordained by :o Christ himself, and that He is its glorious Head ; ,° that the members of that Church aro men and *' women who have received Clirist as their Saviour, ss and been renewed in' tho spirit of their mind by -r divine grace ; that the doctrines to bo taught in _ it, as well as the laws for its administration, ore :(r laid down in the pure and simple Word of God ; ; ~ that in the administration of these laws, the Church s is independent of all worldly interference , and *? state control; and that in that ChuTch no man calls any other man master, but one is the master ;r of all, even Clirist, and all arc brethren. Tuobu ?8 were the simple, grand, unchanging principles, !t the enunciation and establishment «f which -' brought about the glorious Scottish Reformation. 15 Or I might reply to the question by simply atat 0 ing the demands which the reformers made in 13 their petition to the Scottish Parliament. They a demanded mamly three things — First, that the 15 errors and delusions of Popery should be sbo y lished ; second, that the way should be opertcd ls for the maintenance of the worship of the Church n and tho administration of its government and dis ^ cipline in all their scriptural purity ; and, third, 0 that those ecclesiastical revenues which had been '- swallowed up by a useless and corrupt hierarchy !S should be administered for the sustenance of a de e vout and earnest ministry, the promotion of «du l' cation, and the assistance of the poor. Two pro n minent and distinctive features characterised the ?r great movement — tho one of these. pertaining to c doctrine, and the other to ecclesiastical po ir lity, the doctrines taught being the doctrine* l' of Calvinism, and tho ecclesiastical polity r: established being that of PresbyterianiBm, ' As one of these principles, I may mention the '? right of every man to exorcise his own faculties ' in matters of religion. At the time when the ' Reformation arose, this right seemed as though it e had been obliterated. A very midnight of dark ' ness rested on the mind of Scotland. Two word* ' fitly describe the condition of that mind — but c these words how terrible — intellectual thraldom ! 0 The manhood of a nation was gone. All indepen S dent mental action was interdicted. To think for ™ oneself was a crime. To inquire into the grounds 0 of faith was a mortal sin. To wish to be an ill s'* telligent professor was to imperil the soul's salva c tion. All independent thought tftid free inquiry ~ was thus suppressed. He who sat in Peter'u ' chair would think for eveiy man, and was not; he 1 infallible? The intellect of Scotland was thu* a shut up in the dreary grave of blind obedience, 1 and tho huge stone of the Pope's infallibility was \- rolled to the mouth of it to make it sure. ? Could any sight possibly be more deplorable r a A nation's intellect buried, freedom of thought ' gone, reason in chains, noble faculties ? covered with paralysis, and all progresses at an 1 end ; and yet this was the sight our beloved Scot ? land presented at the time of the Reformation. s But under God, John Knox and his noble coad 1 jutors arose, and they rolled away that huge Y stone, and they let in the light of heaven upon 1 the grave of blind obedience, in which lay buried 3 a nation's intellect; and so, like the Phoenix, from \- its ashes, that intellect arose, and it asserted its ? true manhood, its right to think, and investigate, \- and judge in the most momentous matters that ' can concern an immortal being ; and the night of \- mental slavery passed away, and with it the bu ' perditions, and dogmas, and idolatries of Rome, ' and Scotland started on a career of knowledge, f acquisition, and renown, which has made ! her the wonder of many a people. ? Another of these principles was that true religion L is something more and better than mere ritualism ! or form. This was all that could be said of the ' religion of Scotland at the time when the Refor ^ mation began to dawn. It was ceremony all over. ' Tho beginning, and middle, and end of it was 1 form, and form, and nothing else save form. ? Vestments and images, beads and rosaries, candles and crucifixes, genuflexions and crossings, pilgri ? mages and penances, and forms too multitudinous to name; but amid them all we look in vain for the spirit that maketh alive. The husk was there, ? but there was no kernel ; the shadow was there, but there was no substance ; the body was there, but there was no soul. Religion was a thing of routine ; being religious was a mere mechanical performance. An automaton might have counted its beads^ or bowed to images, or made its genu flexions just as well as a man. What a miserable caricature, what u foul libel, to call such a thing as this Christianity. The Divine idea of Chris tianity was almost lost, but the reformers caught that idea, and gave it to Scotland anew. It was a first principle with them that Cliristianity was a vital thing— a life within, whose seat was the heart, and which claimed tlie empire of the whole mental and spiritual and moral nature, affections and reason, judgment and will, and conscienco and all; and which, moreover, manifested itself in the. outer life, pervading that life, en nobling that life, sanctifying that life, and making it good and beautiful and true Another prominent principle was that man pos sesses, in himself no meritorious ground of salva tion. This waa no part of Rome's teaching. The truth was too humiliating ever to be taught bv a church the secret of whose strength lies in pan dering to the vitiated tastes of man, and puffinjr up the natural pride of his heart. According to the Church of Rome, man is more than half hi' own Saviour. His good works enter into his m\\. ™ ifeST * 1?critoi;io'» causo thereof. This not only follows from the immense importance with which form and ceremony ore -invested, but it is distinctly taught. If you consult tho 32nd cam.' ofthc sixth session of the Council of Trent, whick Council was cotemporaneous with the Reforma tion, you will find that tho Church's/ anathema^ declared against the man who shall say that Rood works do not constitute part of the ground on winch a man becomes entitled to eternal life Ac cording to such teaching, salvation came to the sinner, not j , but ah ^ nQt ^^ * £ but from within. In a word, and in plain lan guage, man was -his own Saviour- M™ dory of his salvation was taken fro n God, and given to a poor, feeble suwt crcatuie. Knox and all the refonners! ' L&7 Calvin, Zwmghus, repudiated this teaching, and pronounced it a damning heresy, a martSJfecHf baton, a cunning, ho of the devil ; and tearing in ten thousand pieces the filthy raw8 of £lf righteousness with which Popery Bought °o cover ' the sinner's naked, and guilty sou?, sweenuii' away with whirlwind power that refuge ofUfeeW which souls fled only eternally to die, thoyVav* £?**??? tho world the 'sinner's one only 1kjd^!! Another principle enunciated and maintained hv ' the reformers was, that the Bible was tfa , J& infallible rule of faith, that it was an nTl-suflicS rule, and that it was God's book fin ? every man lhe able, prior to the Reformation, was, t™«, i intents and purposes, lost. For fint, ? it w«T locked up m a language wliich the people couM aot read ; and second, Rome claimed to , fie its Zn)t nterpreter, and took care to give no internro^ ;ion save what suited herself f and t?iird Tww nortal sin for a common man to read the Biblp. rifugedcoLisr\ffa^trruboLh8i^J* rembled more at the sight of a soUMe^8 ament.pure and unmutilated as it eamo f™L' Jod's hand, than she would have don' at tC ight of two thousand glistening bayonets of -eenest steel; and could she only hi^MMm lished it, she would have exiled the BihlJ ^fw. [ie world. But the Refomatbn gave ul 'tg. iblB t* man. It scattered far and wido U * tackes. ,guiB ft, leares -* ^ tw whSfaKi i for the healing of the nations. Oh, how deep our debt of gratitude to the Reformation, under God, for a pure Bible ! The heaven-born soul knows how to estimate it, for here it feeds on the very manna of heaven. 'Die last 'principle of which I shall, speak is, .that the Church of Christ is independent of all Stute intcrfercncc and control, wul that .by virtue of its own intiinsic power it could mete, and exercise discipline and administer its government. 1 wish you to note the following: — Pirn in loflO, the : time of Scotland's transition from Popery to 1'rotestanism, there was no church established by legal enactment by the estates in Parliament. ' It wns some years after, before this was done. 'Jnd. What the Parliament did was simply to ratify the profession of true religion. The people had ? : embraced it, and the civil power simply secured to them the right to do so by legal enactment. 3rd. The General Assembly ol the Reformed ; Church met independently of civil au thority, and by virtue . of that power ?which ?? Ciirist lias granted to' His Church. These were some of the leading- principles which '. underlaid or guided the Reformation of 15G0. Under God they accomplished a momentous work. Give me, said Archimedes, a point without the world, and I will move that world from its axis. ? : .These principles of the Scottish Reformation, resting on the fulcrum of the Bible, God's own .blessed and eternal . truth, and wielded by John Knox and his coadjutors, constituted the mighty lever by wjiich the'huge and monstrous system of Pogish heresies and abominations was moved away from Scotland's shores, ' and a nation lifted into life from amid the gloom and corruptions of death, and a people bom to freedom in a day. Luther's favorite psalm, commencing — ' God is onr refuge and our strength,' ' was then sung, after which The . Ilev. A. J. ? Campjiell ' next - ad dressed the -' meeting, taking for ' his ' sub ject, 'The Scottish Reformers, and The Martyrs of the Scottish . Reformation' : — It has ' been said that Scotland lias only one epoch in her history— and only one great man. I deny that, for she has'had her battles for civil as well as for religious freedom. But if she has only had one historical epoch, no one can deny that it . was the Reformation ; and if she has only had one great man, no one can deny that it was John Knox. Arid no one' can wonder that wo should be here to-day, keeping up in our own and our children's hearts the memory of that event n»d of that man. If you had looked on Scotland at the be ginning of the sixteenth century, you would have said that it was impossible for life to' - ppring up there, in the face of that proud licentious hierarchy that brooded over the land and kept its goods in peace — in peace while all Europe --Vas starting to ite feet at the brave words of the monk of Witten berg. That light, however, that is coloring the eastern sky, cannot be hid, ? and many a longing eye turns to it ? in Scot '? land, and many a weary soul prays for. the breaking of the day. The fivst who descried* that ' light clearly and stood forth into its illumination was Patrick Hamilton ; and in the part assigned ; to him and its fitness for it, we mark: the obvious ,. . work of God; — for, the year of Grace 1505, or about it, two men were born. Both 'as they grew up betook themselves to the holy vocation. One . was a humblo priest ; the other was endowed while yet a child with the Abbey of Ferine. ?. To the one was assigned the work of pioneering the. Reformation ; to the other the work of achieving , ? it. Hamilton was the preacher and martyr — Kuox :.the preacher and reformer.. To do his work Hamilton must die. To do his, Knox must live. ? And as Knox undoubtedly was best 'Kitted for the living service, so undoubtedly Hamilton . ,- was best fitted for being the dying sacrifice. ;JIc' was of noble lineage — a cousin to the reigning king. That was a great qualification. It's not many who live in king's palaces who will go tothe Btako. His death sent a thrill through the heart of Scotland's nobility. They saw that Rome counted no game too liigh. He had gone to Ger many and learned the doctrine of Protestantism from Luther and Melaucthon and Francis Lam bert, the reformer of Hesse. Greatly he enjoyed these quiet days, when he was feeding to the full on the long lost treasures of God's word. For himself he embraced the gospel and was saved. But he had a country to bo saved as well. He cannot linger in these green pastures while Scot land is perishing for lack of knowledge. Ho goes home, and his friends entreat him to be prudent, ? i.e., silent, and to consult his own safety. But he says that he is not his own ; not sent into this world, not brought into the true light, to seek liis own things. So he goes forth and preaches that men everywhere should repent and turn to God through Jesus Christ; and because he preaches sal vation through Christ alone, he is doomed to 'die ; he is wiled to St. Andrew's, and a treacherous priest wins all his thoughts and beliefs from him, and on his testimony he is condemned to instant death. HisRoyalfricnds, whomighthavo interposed, have ' ' been sent away beforehand on a pious pilgrimage to the north of Scotland. The stake is fixed in front of St. Salvador, and the youthful martyr led to it. Taking off his upper garments, he gave them to a faithful servant, and then, turning his * ? eyes to heaven, his voice rose calm and clear — 'How long, O, Lord! shall darkness cover the realm ? How long wilt Thou suffer this tyranny of man 5 Lord Jesus, receive my spirit ! ' and hte soul .betook itself to that company whom John saw be ? neath the altar — who cease not day nor night to cry — 'O Lord how long ?' Why was Hamilton burned ? What crime was that fair youth guilty of that could be purged only by fire? That question ran through Scotland. And the priests got this counsel — 'Burn heretics if yon will, that may be right, but burn them in cellars henceforth, that it may be safe, for the smofee of Mr. Hamilton's death hath infected as many as it blew upon.' Especially, there was one man who became famous in the Reformation, whom it blow upon. John Erskine, of Dun, was four years younger than Hamilton. He had- completed his academic course, and retired to his castle, where lie devoted himself to study, cultivating his mind ? with the lights of human learning, and his heart ?with the graces of piety. His young, gene rous heart was firod with indignation at the' fate of Hamilton. And although he was not yet twenty, and although wealth and honors were awaiting him in. the world's service, ho threw hiny self off the smiling path, embraced the persecuted causo,' devoted himself to the study of the Bible, and then began to propagate its truths. He was one of the boldest and most indefatigable cham pions of the Reformation— a most unselfish and patriotic man, wise in counsel and trustworthy — a consecrated man, who whether as a Baron among the Lords of the Congregation, or as a minister of Christ ' among Iub brethren, wns actuated by one single aim, to servo Christ: and save men. During the' thirty years that followed Hamilton's death, i.e. between 1528 and 1558! there was no open avowed struggle between the gathering forces of Protestantism and Popery; There were four groups of sufferers following Ha milton: these ? were followed by tluico single successive martyrdoms. ... I.; T-hc first grdftp con sisted of Norman Gourlay and David .Stratton, who were burned at Greenside, Edinburgh. ; and Henry Forrest, who was burned at St. Andrew's ? nil about the year 1534. Let me show you how a man became a martyr. Stratton.was a neighboring Laird to the Baron of Dunl Though a^entleman by birth, ho could hot read. . So Erskine used to get him away to ' some quiet . nook' of a field, and- read, the Bible . in, his hearing. Happening to read these words:; ?He that denicth me before '.' men, in the' midst of this wicked generation; I will deny .him , before the presence of my Father and before his Angels,' Stratton siiddei jy threw himself upon his knees, and extending his hands to heaven, ex claimed, ' O Lord, I have been wicked, and justly mayest thou abstract' thy grace from mo; but, Lord, for thy mercy's sake, let 'me never deny ? thec nor thy truth, for fear of death arid corporal pains.'; From that Hour he became'; a bold con fessor' of God's truth; ' and ', when '. ho was given to the fire,- ? he quailed not, but com forted and encouraged 'his fellow-sufferer. II. Tho second group of martyrs consisted of five men, whose chief offence, or rather the proof of. their heretical depravity was that they hud attend ed the bridal of a priest,' and had eaten flesh at .the said bridal during Lent. They wcrs burnt on the Castle Hill of Edinburgh. One of these was Dean Forret, the vicar of':DolliJr, ! whose singular' col loquy with the Bishop of Duhkeld has been pre served. :?'I love : you, Dean Forret,' said the bishop, ' I therefore shall give you good counsel. I am informed that you preach the' Epistle and Gospel every Sunday to your parishioners, and that you take not- the cow nor' the) upmost cloth from them, which is very prejudicial 'to the churchmen. Besides, it is too much to preach every Sunday, for in so doing you make tho people think we should preach likewise. It is ♦nough for you, when you find; any good cospcl -that setteth forth tho liberty of ta« lioly thwob, to preach that, ana let the rest be.' Then said Thomas, ' Your.lordship biddet,h mo preach, when I find any goot gospel or epistle. Truly, my Lord, I have read the New Testament and the Old, mid all the epis tles and gospels, and among them all I could never find tuiy evil epistle or gospel. But if your Lordship will show me the good epistle and the good gospel, and the evil epistle mid tho evil gos pel, then I shall preach the good aild omit^the evil;' Then spake the Bishop stoutly, ',I thank God that I never knew what the Old Testament and the New was, therefore, Dean Thomas, I will know nothing but my portuise (breviary) arid my pontifical.' Thit3, when the light was shining in upon the darkness, the darkness comprehended it not — yea, hated it; yea, quenched it. III. The third group was a smull one — two men who were burnt at Glasgow about 1538. They were ? both in ? the bloom of youth, and well instructed men. One of them — Kennedy, who was just 18, appalled at tho first terrible throat of , the faggot — was disposed to recant; but suddenly recovering his steadfastness, he knelt down and thanked God for preserving him from apostacy ; and then, addressing his judges— ' And now I defy death_ Do with me as you please ; I praise God I am ready.' As they went to tho stake, he cheered his comrade with many inspir ing words — 'Brother, fear not; greater is .ho that is in us, than ho that is in the world. : Tho pain that wo are to suffer is short and shall bo light, but our joy and consolation shall never have an end.' And so they kneeled down together, and resigned their -bodies to the fire, and their souls to God. IV. Tho fourth group were the first victims of Car dinal Beaton's cruelty. It*conaistcd of five men, who were condemned to be hanged; and Helen Lamb, tho wife of one of them, wlio was con demned to be drowned at Perth. Tho woman's crime was that, in her hour of trouble, she refused to pray to the Virgin Mary, and prayed to Christ alone. She implored that she might bo allowed to die with her husband ; but this was barbar ously refused. On the way she exhorted him to .be of good cheer, and at parting said, ' Husband, be glad; we have lived together many joyful days, and this day on which wo arc to die we ought to esteem the most joyful of all, because now we shall have joy for ever ; therefore,, I will .not bid you good night, for we snail shortly meet in the kingdom of heaven.' But her children — she must bid them good night ; and the infant on her breast — she must part with it to a stranger's arms. And if I could show you the outward calmness and the inward fortitude with which she went through this heart rending separation, and' then yielded herself to death, you would feel that if the . inhumanity of hor murderers was great, infinitely greater 'was her Christian heroism. And you might be dis posed to say — How sad a thing, and yet how glo rious, that man's darkest depravities should be the ground on which God chooses to make the fullest demonstration of his power — to make, the weak strong, and to perfect praise out of. the mouths,- of babes and sucklings. I now pass on' to the tlu'ce last martyrdoms — Wishart, in 1516 ;' Wallace, in 1551 ; and Walter Mill, in 1558. 1st. .George Wisharf/s character is one of the most beautiful that has over, been written. He was a profoundly learned man ; yet most humble and charitable withal. His piety was gentle but very fervent. Days and nights he would spend in meditation and prayer. He never changed his clothes without giving away some of then to the poor. When Dundee was visited with the plague in 151-1, and others were, fij'ing from it, he hastened to it, and. taking his stand on the gate way of the town wall, he preached to those who ' were stricken with the plague standing within, and those who were free standing without it — preached to them on the 107th Psalm, 'lie sent his word and healed them,' adding, ' It is neither herb nor plaster, O Lord, but thy word heals all.' His preaching, as you may suppose, was greatly successful, and it was greatly blest by God for the conversion of man. Like the Sanhe drim of ? old, tho Priests and Cardinal asked 'What do we? The whole world goeth after him.' First they tried to get rid of him by assas sination. This failed twice, and was twice dis covered. He was then betrayed into the Car dinal's hands by Bothwell, and having been subjected to the mockery of a trial, was con demned to the stake. Having been refused the sacrament, while breakfasting with the Governor of the castle he took broad and wine, and there, with him and other friends, he kept the Clu'istian P'.issover in its purest form before he suffered. The iront battlement of tho Castle had boon hung with tapestry and furnished with cushions, that the Cardinal might enjoy tho spectacle at his ease. Wishart's proghotic. words .anticipating tho Car dinal's ignominious death — you know how they were verilied, and how the conspirators, to satisfy the mob of liis death, exhibited his mangled body at that ' very window where he had sat in state. There were other words of; a prophetic kind, far more interesting, ' I know assuredly,' ho said on one occasion, ' my travail is near an end, but God will send you comfort after me. This realm shall be illuminated with the light of Clirist's gospel, as clearly as any realm ever was since the days of the' apostles. The house of God shall be built in it; yea, it shall not lack the very top stone; neither shall this bo loiig in doing, for there shall not many suffer after me.'- And, as I have said, there were only t\yo others. 2.. The one was Adam WaHacei nn obscure man,- in humble circiunstances, who had takon ; up' the work of preaching at his own hand, arid that unfortunately of the gospel. He was tried at Edinburgh, this poor' unknown man, before a great assemblage of the dignitaries of tho Church and high Popish nobility summoned for that purpose, and was burnt there' 12th' October, 1551. Every 'effort was made to soduco him from his faith; but he was faithful. imto death, and doubtless received a crown of life. 3. The last of this noble fellow ship of martyrs was Walter Mill. He was the parish priest of Lunan. Long before this ho had been condemned as a heretic, but had ?managed to elude the Cardinal's familiars. He was appre hended, however, in tho middle of 1558, and dragged' before the Ecclesiastical Court. When he reached the stake, the aged man — he was 82 — spoke to the weeping bystanders : ' Dear friends, the cause why I suffer this day is not for any crime laid to my charge, though I acknowledge myself a riiiserable sinner before God, but only for the defence of the truth of Jesus Christ. I pratee God that he hath called mo to seal His truth with; my life. As I have received it from Him so I willingly offer it up again for His glory. Therefore as yo would escape eternal death be no longer deceived with the lies of bishops and. monks, but depend only upon Jesus Christ' and His mercy, so that ye may bo de livered from condemnation.' Having said these words ho composed himself to death, roj'oicing that it was given to him not merely to believe in Clirist's name but also, to suffer'. for His sake. This last deed of infamy filled Scotland with sluuno and horror. - Men's blood boiled within! them, when .they thought ? how 'neither' youth' Kor hoary headed age — neither: high rank nor womaiihood — were safe; from an excruciating death, and they who for; years had been repeating Hamilton's 'How long,' j how' began to resolve within themselves that it should be.no -longer. There is' needed only the ; mmi! with 'the true, heart, the single eye, andtho; strong arm to ring out tho death knell of Popery, j mid Popery shall die. .That man had been-long-, preparing, coming and going between Scotland on; the one hand, and England, France, Frankfort, and Geneva, on the other. But now, six months after the martyrdom of Mill, Knox returns for the last time to. Scotland, and- begins in. earnest that blessed work, which is to occupy him till he dies.' ' (The rev. gentleman then concluded his speech by eloquently tracing tho' career of Knox, and ably defending him from tho many calumnies that had been'cast upon him.) ! ' ' . The one hundred-, and twenty-first psalm. having boon sung,-. . ; :, t . . ?? ? ?'? '?? The Rev. Mir. SutukuIiANm addressed the moot ing, congratulating his hearers on the largeness of the assemblage and the excellent spirit which pervaded it. One of tho ' first results of the Scottish Reformation was, he observed, the great spread- of educational establishments throughout the country to.whieh it gave rise; What Homer did for' the isles of Greece, and Virgil for the shores of the Adriatic, Scott had clone for . the mountains of his own native land. . (Applause.) So too. the modern. Athens possessed its schools of philosophy, to which youth from all countries flocked to acquire, the knowledge dispensed in its seats of learning. In literature, Scotland had tho author, of the Noctes Ambrosianæ, Professor Wilson — (laughter) — in exact science, Napier, the inventor of logarithms ; in mechanics, a Watt, tho originator of the steam engine; in poli tical philosophy, an Adam Smith ; in historical literature, a Hume, a Robertson, an Alison and a Macauluy, and in theology a Chalmers. The ex* istence and achievements of these men illustrated the moral effect of the Reformation. Next came its effect upon the industrial progress of the country. Three hundred years ago the Lord Treasurer of Scotland had not sufli- cient income to satisfy the demands of his royal master, but there were Scot- tish settlers in this country to-day who had larger incomes than the Scottish of 300 years ago. Three hundred years ago there were but a few boats and small vessels upon the Clyde, but now ships were yearly built of wood and iron to tho value of a couple of millions. In agriculture an equally rapid progress had boon achieved, and in; a social aspect it was difficult to estimate the results which had been attained. To day there was freedom of person, freedom of residence, freedom of opinion, freedom of religion. (Applause.) Three hundred years ago the poorer classes fared very badly. Their dwellings were wretched, their . food poor, , their clothing mean;- but- now America sent them her cotton, India her silks, and these colonies their woal. Throe hundred years ago the people were 'steeped in ignorance, but the schools since erected had carried a large amount of knowledge amongst them, so that they weie now capablo of estimating tho glories of God in the heavens above and in the earth beneath. (Loud applause, amidst which the rev. gentleman resumed liis seat.) The Ilev. Mr. Kblso, whose name appeared next on the list to speak, remarked that, as it was now late, and many of those present were cvi-, dently wearied, he would ask to be excusedifrom addressing them upon the subject placed in , con nection with Ids name. (Applause.) Tho Ckaiumak announced .that the remaining addresses would also be omitted. ' , The proceedings- wore then closed with a hymn. 