CHUßOH"'ÄND\TSTATE. LETTER TO THE RIGHT REVEREND THE I Left BI8UOE.Orr.THE DIOCESE OF RIPON. ' Mí'ÍíOad;-From your political position as a Baron of the realm, and from your _ ecclesiastical position as the Bishop of this Diocese, your opinion upon the qùëstioTT'of, Church Bates is entitled to the most respectful attention. You' have the reputation of being liberal in sentiment towards Evangelical Dissenters from the Established Church. It is charitable, therefore, to suppose that if. you have misrepresented and wronged them, it is the effect of mia j information or inadvertence error into which a good man may fall, but from which he will welcome the first opportunity to emerge. In the Bradford Observer of this day, there is a report of certain statements alleged to be made by you last week, at the annual soiree of the Halifax Church Institution. 2 If this report is correct, you have, unfortunately, and, I hope, unwittingly, spoken in such a manner as to wound and wrong men whom you rejoice to call Christian brethren. If this report is an incorrect representation of your' statements at that meeting, the statements themselves, by whomsoever uttered, and especially when circulated under the commendation of your honored name, demand the candid strictures which I now take the liberty to submit to your Lordship's attention through the same newspaper in which I read the report. You are quite right, my Lord, in understanding and asserting that the great body of Dissenters in this country rest their opposition to Church rates, not upon the peculiar grievance of this im- post, but upon a general disapproval of the establishment of Christianity by the State. They will not resent your description of their views that Church Rates are regarded by them as the out- work of the Established Church, which is to be carried with a view to further assaults on the citadel, (that is the Establishment by the State), of the Church itself.': . They do regard the abolition of Church" Bates as a stage in the progress of national sentiment towards the ' liberation of religion from all State patron , age and control, and towards the placing of the Church of England in that state of independence and freedom enjoyed by other's tone of the Church of Christ in England. That Dissenters have such opinions and aims your Lordship seems to have learned only by the evidence laid before the Select Committee of the House of Lords appointed last session of Parliament, at the instance of the Duke of Marlborough, and it has served, in your judgment, to put the question upon an entirely new issue, and has very much modified, in some respect, the opinion which your Lordship formerly entertained with regard to this question of Church Bates.' My Lord, I am free to assert that these opinions and aims are not recently adopted by the great mass of the Dissenters.' They are their avowed sentiments, and are generally known by all who have given attention to their opinions and policy. They have been maintained unmistakeably, both in Parliament and in all public measures, by the most active opponents of Church Rates, and by none more strenuously than by one of the most conspicuous of the 'chosen'organs'of the dissenters to which your Lordship refers, viz, the Society for the Liberation of Religion from State Patronage and Control. Your Lordship will long in vain to see some open protest on the part of the Dissenting community' which will serve to disconnect the great mass of the Dissenters from those particular views expressed by those gentlemen to whom your lordship referred : because, while many Disspntera take no active part in the operations of that society, and not a few may disapprove of its particular policy, the great mass of the Dissenters' (ex copying from this designation the Wesleyan 'Methodists) hold the opinion? against which your Lordship longs to i receive from them an 'open protest.' But the Evangelical Dissenters do not hold the opinions which, in another part of your Lordship's address, you ascribe to them viz., 'that the object to be aimed at' is the doing away with all Church endowments whatever, the secu- larisation of Church property, and the downfall of the Church itself; that they embark in the enterprise of over- throwing Church Rates with the view of overthrowing th e Church itself a course respecting which you ' tell them, in all honesty, that they embark in an unhallowed, an unholy, and unchristian enterprise.' " This is strong; language, my Lord. 'I You preface your severe censure by a a charitable utterance, which I take to be as sincere as it was charitable, sanctioned by the very words which the Holy Ghost , teacheth:-'God forbid that I should say one harsh unkind word with regard to roy Dissenting brethren. I have no I wish feeling in my heart towards them, " and I can honestly say, " Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in, sincerity." ' ' But, my Lord, the opinions which you , aims strongly denounce, Evangelical Dissenters < do not hold, and have never avowed and (although I have not care - s fully read it with this view the evidence before the Select Committee to which your Lordship refers for the clear proof i s statement, does not warrant the i. Of your. ., the opinions of yds of representation of r swineherd \- senators, which I have given in a > ' ship's reported words. \- "', ' , If any Dissenters hold the views which :. your Lordship has ascribed to them and I aim at the downfall of the Church itself,' " the overthrowing of the Church ' itself,' your words are not harsh or unkind far from it. You could not denounce too sternly an enterprise so 'unholy' and unchristian.' But if the ' opinions and aims of Dissenters are not such as you represent them and the evidence to which you appeal contains no foundation for the' imputation ; then, my Lord, it is a violation (I hope entirely unwitting of the law of Christian i justice, not to say charity; and your words are harsh' and unkind.' I will assume, to avoid argument, that the great majority of Dissenters desire and hope to secure by the progress of public opinion, the doing away with all Church-endowments whatever.' As for the secularisation of Church property,' whatever may be the opinions of some who have turned their attention to the subject, the great mass' of Dissenters have no clear opinion or strong desire respecting the disposal of Church pro- perty ; deeming it a very subordinate part of the question between them and the Church established by law. But let us assume that they hold this opinion too. The downfall of the Church itself not one of them desires. ? No party amongst them, not one of their chosen organs,' has ever avowed such a desire or aim. Even if your Lordship were yourself pursuaded that the doing away all Church endowments whatever,' and the secularisation of Church property' would ensure the ' downfall of the Church' it was not just to ascribe your opinion and inference to dissenters, and on the ground of that imputation, to apply to them the epithets, unholy and unchristian.' Especially when, in the very evidence from which your Lordship draws a warrant for 1 this peculiar intensity of feeling, there is an elaborate and earnest assertion on the part of the gentlemen referred to,' that, in their judgment, the disaster- lishment of the Established Church would contribute to its vitality and permanent prosperity as a Christian Church : an opinion which is also strongly held by many members of the Church of England. It is, doubtless, your Lordship's cherished opinion, and I declare my belief that, in all honesty,' it is the opinion of the great mass of Dissenters, that the Church of England has been, and is now, a great blessing to the community at large. And, surely, that Church has claims upon the affections of her children, altogether independent of the secular endowments with which she is enriched, and the supremacy which the State has given to her over the other churches of Christ in England, It seems to me a great injustice to that venerable section of the Church of Christ, of which you are a distinguished Prelate, to speak as if its ' downfall,' its ' overthrow, its ceasing to be a great blessing to the community at large' would follow, if the patronage and control of the State were to be withdrawn, and even Church properly were to be taken away. My Lord, permit me to assure you that Dissenters do not think, and never have said so. I must still hope that your Lordship cannot have spoken words which are more ' unkind' and harsh' to the Church of England than to those who are censured as her enemies. I cannot believe that your Lordship values the mere Establishment of the Church of Christ above the true signs of a Church's apostolical. As soon should I believe that your Lord- ship values the rank of Baron, incident to your Episcopal office, above the spiritual functions of that office, which you are so earnest and faithful in fulfilling. My Lord, I long to see on your part some open protest' that you do not ascribe to your Dissenting brethren an 'unhallowed,' 'unholy,' and unchristian' hostility to the Church of England. It will be fit your honourable repute for Christian liberality and charity, that you withdraw any apparent encouragement of feelings in your communion unjustly antagonistic to Dissenters feelings which are less a wrong to Dissenters than a re- proach to those who entertain them. It cannot surely, be an unhallowed,' ' unholy,' and unchristian' ' enterprise,' for Dissenters to attempt to place the Church of England in the position of independence and freedom, in which Christ placed His Church at the first the position in which it existed during a period of primitive prosperity and progress, which has never been approximated until these last days-a position in which the Episcopal Church, and all the Churches of the United States, the Episcopal Church in Scotland, the Free and other Presbyterian Churches in Scotland, the Methodist, Congregationalist, Baptist, and other Churches in England now stand. My Lord, call this enterprise, for the disestablishment of the Church of England, if you will, a mistake, an error in judgment, an impracticable policy, a wild enthusiasm ; but do not, I beseech you, turn a discussion which may be manly, neighbourly, and mutually beneficial, into a sectarian feud betwixt portions of the Church of Christ, Your lips, my Lord, have often been opened to speak charity and brotherhood and we cannot bear contrary accents to drop from them. Your episcopal administration promises to be fruitful of the best blessings to your diocese j and in all your evangelical labours, you may be assured of the fraternal admiration and concurrence with which Evangelical Dissenters salute every labourer in the work of their common Master. Believe me to be, my Lord, With profound respect and esteem, Your fellow-servant in Jesus Christ, JAMES R. CAMPBELL. Bradford, 2nd February, 1860. NouM AUSTRALIAN MEETING The for" lowing horses, it is understood, will be entered for the Maiden Plate. Mr. Thompson's Variety ; Mr. Cullen's Sultan ; Capt. Dave ney's Let Me Alone, and Larceny: Mr. Vowles' Sailor Boy ; Mr. C. Collin's Captain Cook; Mr. Collin's Barehanes; Mr. W. Kent's Sunbeam and Mr. Fleming's Nina. left North Australian Plate : Mr. Blair's Tpr"" C Hardie's Miranda; Mr Eclipse; Mr. .'.*? Daveney's Criuo Thompson's Sailor ; Cap.. .,- ? ,,, lina; and Mr. Warry's Wanderer' for the Queensland Welter: Mr. Blair's , 'in Tromp ; Dr. Lucas' Scratch ; Capt. Dave ney's Charles the First and Mr. C. Collin's Hunstsman. The above horses are training at or near Ipswich : as are also the follow- ing Mr. Hardie's Mohawk; Mr. Blair's Sultan ; Mr. Cullen's Banshee ; Mr. Kent's Faugh-a-Ballagh ; find Mr. Blair's Binnalong. -Ipswich Upralil. " , t 