MELBOURNE [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. The Ovens Gold Fields Water Company's Bill hAS been read a second time without opposition, Mr. Donald supported the measure. SPRING HEALED JACK AND THS COUNCILLOR.-One of our Municipal scions and the most burly one too amongst them on reaching his home on Thursday night was rather astonished at finding a gentleman snugly ensconced on his couch. The worthy councillor was at first almost struck dumb believing to bs the ghost of Mr. Maltanthops' recovering himself, however, he rushed upon the intruder and discovered that it was but a dummy made up by some of ths practical jokers of the town. It is stated that at least two gallons of "Colonial" had to he administered before the rotund and portly form of the Councillor recovered its equanimity. WHAT A NATIVE BORN WOMAN CAN DO.-On Tuesday evening a married woman, native of Sydney, residing on Spring Creek, was informed that her husband, who is a carter, had sold his team and dray at Wodonga. Forthwith she took her infant in her arms and sallied forth in search of him who she thought was about derserting her. She called at most of the hotels on the road and quenched her thirst and also gave vent to her opinions in the best style of colonial eloquence and arrived at Wodonga at half past five o'clock in the morning in time to find that the report was untrue. The night was extremely dark and the road but little known to her. FIRE.-Last evening between 7 and 8 o clock the tire bell once more gave forth its warning note. Upon proceed- ing to the scene of the conflagration we discovered that the calico roof of the kitchen attached to the residence of Mr. Crawford the proprietor of he Albury Mail Line of Coaches situated on Spring Creek was in flames. The alarm having been given the neighbours mustered in strong force and by their aid and a good supply of water the fire was prevented from spreading to the house. The building had a narrow escape and had there been a smart breeze blowing at the time must inevitably have been consumed. Great credit is due to the civilians and police for their prompt and successful endeavours to check the ravages of the devouring element. The damage done was but trifling THE CHINESE HEADMEN. - Our contemporary in his issue of Thursday last was most virtuously indignant at an advertisement which, appeared in our reading matter about the payment of the Chinese Headmen. The writer of the notice has called upon us on the subject and adheres to his question the Constitution and Protector or Protec- tors notwithstanding. Perhaps if the indignant scribe of Camp-street makes enquiry and has sufficient candour in his composition to tell the naked truth he will find that the man he designates s a libeller, knows more about the affair than be either does or is willing to acknowledge at present. Have these public servants received their salaries for the last three monhs, and not merely one month as our con- temporary would wish people to believe ATHANÆUM BAZAAR. — This affair was brought to a conclusion last night. The bulk of the articles remaining were sold by auction, and sundry pictures were raffled for. We have not yet HEIRD the total amount realized -or the BENEFIT c-1 TH? Institution, bu-. vre be lieve T will be someth:ng considerable. BURTON'S CIRCUS.-This far famed troupe played a; the Nine Mile on Wed nesday, the Three Mileon Thursday, AND Myrt'.eford on Friday- evening, on each occasion being greeted by A LAR^E and highly respectable and^eoce, who testi fied by rseir continued applause their appreciation Ot the superior talent- of the various per ormer?. This ev nina the company will perform at Morse's Creek, when W* recommend the inhabitants of | t at local ty to avail themselres of the j opportunity ot wkne-sino; Mr. Bu ton's i ^XCELIENS entertainment. Mr. Burton j proposes plaving oa Tuesday at Tar | rawingee, and on Wednesday at the EL COMPLIMENTARY BALL AT YACHAN- DANDAH.-On Monday next we per-. ceive that MR* Mclntyre who has pur- chased the business of the Eureka Hotel from, our old friend host Kirby invites all his friends to a free ball and supper, to give a jolly farewell to that gentleman. A SPILL.-On Wednesday as Mr. Masterton, the well known storekeeper WAS nding to Coil ern he wss thrown vr:;h condderab'e iorce. LuckiJ Y he escaped with some V« ry serere bruises. EW IsrsoLV^jrrs.-Abraham Tan ner, Wooragee, farmer. Causes of in solvency-Pressure ef creditors and 1 allure ot crops. Debts, £563 11» assets, £1,020 6s 6d: surplus, £iSo 15s od. Mr. Goodman, official assig I nee. Wiliam Lewin, "Wools hed Creek, i miner. Chases of insolvency-Losses : in mining speculations, iilDess, pr^s ! sure of creditors, and imprisonment lor debt- for two months un 'er Feliowe s ;AC*. Deb-si £12 L 10-: assets, £51 ? 14s: deficiency, £6916s. ^r. Jacomb. I oScial assignee. Charle* Samuel Phil j Hps, of Chiltern. storekeeper. Causes of insolvency-Losses in business,, pr ssure of judgment creditors, ana imprisonment for rieht. Debts, £/- lb assets, £66 8s: deficiency, £0 £s. H. S. Shaw, oSci-.i a-signce. Mixixg Istkiaissxcb. -The last accounts from Ki -ndrs a= e to tlie eftVct i that- mining was nea-ly at an epd for \ ! this sesson. The ra n and snow had i commenced, and the wea?her was be coining very cold. The weathe/ ha i changed ma erially for tee w rse, and the heavy rains had render--d the boggy para of the country very difficult, and in some p'aces dangerous. Some of the new ground was turning out- well a1" more than one of the lata rushes, the diggers being able to earn £9 or £10 pe" week. A'though Ki ndn itself will-.\ have to fcej'almc-sv abandoned tor months, the lower country oa the rivers rising in that neighbourhood will no doubt be well prospected during the winter; it is kaown that the Snowy River itself is navigable for some dis tance from the sea. This river, and the country around it, has been litt-e ex plored' and it is highly pi a cable that most important discoveries will be mads in ~hst comparativrly unknown portion of Gi ps Lan(\ now thst- there is suffi cient attraction to draw population in that cirec ion. Gold has been found in o- near almost all the rivars of that district, and there is no reason why heavy d posits shocld not exist on some parts of their cov.rse. Snch has long Wn the belief of those besr. acquainted with the country, -an4 the discoveries at Kiandra have tended much, to r?is= their expectations.-A.rgus. SXOWY RIVER. - Major Freeling, who was despatched by the S mtb Aus tralian Government in order to report on Snowy River has'orwarded telegrams to Adelaide strongly recommend rg people not to proceed thither. The ad vice i? pre:ttv generally rbeyad. OubiSbw Uem ER. -The Age in no ricing the maiden speech of Mr. Donald rems'k<:-" Mr. Donald, the new mem ber for Beechwo th made his maiden speech iast evening upon the subject of obtaining legal assistance for the several Mining Boards in framing their bye la*s, and cheated rather a favourable im pression by the plain and straightfor ward mar^pr in which he expressed himself. If Mr. Donald hasthetood sense not to be ?-iz^.i with the »alki- g mania, which is snch an insufterabl: n:n;3nt>? in the Assembiv, be will pro baV.v irake a useful mennber. Acci" em.-On Thursday at the blac-ksmrh's shop in Camp Street, as a man wa? wieliina a k-mni?" he missed his mark and accidentally struck a by stander on the arm. which was broke ty the b'.ow. Dr. Crawford was speedily in at- endance, and set the injireil limb. LS'SISLAIIVS A£33 BIT-'S'sW MEHBEB, V' John Donald tork the oaths snd h:s se-- t f >r the Oreas Distric: oa Tuesday, in the ro*m of Mr K&efer; resigned. The hon. gen t!e~an w=s int o 'need by the hon 'he Attor ney-Cxenera! ai-3 Mr Lalor : ?ni af er being s-'orn in, toc-k his seat on the lower ben hes on the Mi istfiial side b-low the ea~g"""ay-_ SAIE CF Mr McLean's Pbophbtt.-'Ike land and building in Ford street, kners-n. as j ilcLeaii's s'ore, t->re'h=r with the stook, i charged ha~.es on Thursday. the purchasers ' heine ilsisrs P-nn^.ie . & Rober's the price | £"2 70-0. The building ebI land alone 'hree j Years ago ccst Mr Mcl<=an .£5.-500, and he at r ter~ar :s es e-ce^ £l,c00 more in improve ! meats and aterad^nu 'The stock was esti ! n:3trd at £2,000, and coi £"1,000 as stit-d by our cn^mpsra-y. COACHI5G--We psrdeve that in the coaches c! Messrs Bsvan k Co. will l?ave at the 'ol'owine altered ho^rs, -riz.:-The thrice a "srejk coach at 5 a.m. Tn^s-i^y, Thnriday, a~d satrrdar and th? Royal M ai at 6 a.m. erery mown? (Sundays excepted) ins-.ead of 5 a.m bi irrto. A ;L~P?S3T " CrSTOirS3 iC-ATS TS Crs x-ODT.-The tiriKcer S-ri'h, shi esoar-el from the police while on the road rr.-m Tass to > Gonibarn gaol, is oncem-jre in custody haTin? been apprehended at Tasnut on. Sunday Urt, while making h:s w^y to the Snowy "Riv-.r. Sniih is no: lialy again, to set a chance of es-ispingj as the*e can scircely ^je a donbt that the -otHce 'will tow tu-e erery pr&iaution; to have him safely lodged in the " r ig hou e " at Gonlbnm. The irp^nse a'.tendirg bis severil c;ptore3 mast by tirs time amount to sonisl'"ing coiisderaV-e. He was originally apprehended at Tuech: on a charge ofrobbery nnder Sre-a-m=-he was tben escorted to Tass, where he txEderii^ed the Lr-cx-np asd e ap-ed-if er npwares of a year's lit-eriy, he .?ras re-captnrei by Capt3:n Battye in the Bithurst diitrici, a~d crcs m>re es^jrtei to Ta-i=, - 2ra;n placed rn the Iocs-up, he had police proiecti n far fire or six ~*r~kz, and vras t"-en 5-ant -£ to Goulbum, but before reaching G-'ll^ctar ejected hia e=iape >'ot we Snd h'm occe more in the Tcsnt d's r'ct, from which p".;C2 in October, 1S55 he -rrzs originE'Iy despa'chsdj and tb? whole doty of eicort has now to be rep-a'sd-it has yet to be proved ?whether is sh&U; be Encc^.?fa"!y done. The '? connection " his been an unfortimite one to t"*e police. The 1 :-ck-u© keeper stood his trial at Goulbmi for perrnitun? his fret escape and at the present timr "hro constables are . under committal for trial for allowing him to i the'r viu'atci while undeiescort to Goulbum. j Smi h is an undersized, elderly m2n, and has | little in his appearance to indioa' e the act vity h3 h;s exnioite-1.- i'd-sr Courier. Tachasdatdah-Rising.-Within tie :a«t few days minin? matters in this district have been l=-oking c's ms being constantly er. qni-ed for. we none; oa KIrby's Flat that 10 or 12 holes have been fco-.tomsd, .=ita very satisfactory prospeits: U"o acubt erists bat i that many new claims will be opened when ! the season advanres ih-.t will give the dixger ; an addidonal quantity of that all-impo-'ant i commodity--tratsr The popnlation is d?ci j dedly on the icc- ease, mazy miners baring ; returned, sni intend wintering on this cr^e'?, : We sr= fully sare that thr TachandantL-li is a far more remun-racive gold-neld for the wia ler moisfcs, at any rate, than the hoisted Snowy RiTer. TsriGiiPH DESPATCH -Stdxet, Wain h d-y -We bsve s-ven Q5.y-' later news from J«6"w Z ?sl*cd No fr-sh nzhting h=d taken plice. The ila^r'K htd reared, and no one at th:s date knew where they h-.ve gone $o. Keinforcements were ansiios'y looked for. Ary,at. Sfisttum.. -To convene with the spirits lay a twenty five cent piece on the table at a grog shop, and theyM show themselves c aicker ihm yon can say beans. S r Thomas C xe dads nothing to abut? iliies's hoop. If, they nave no other adran tage. sneered Lacy C-xe. f: Tn>y ke-p the mm at a proper distance ; and thi.'s a great blessing " "To the men " growled Si: ih. mas.--J. Lonn QsarrJ. 