THE WOMAN IN GREY. A CRIMEAN EPISODE. The barren plateau, on which tho allied armies were encamped b.-fore Sebastopol, wis naturally sug gestive of many superstitious fancies among the troops. Tho outlying sentinel, with his eye at the uttermost degree of tension, to detect some crouching spy. eventually saw imaginary forms around him,and the darkness Decame peopled with the deniaens of another world. Many stories of ghostly manifesta tions were current, very few of them possessing eny other foundation than the imiginarj fancy of the cre dulous soldier : hut there are onfi nr twn anrhenti cated stories of ghosts, one of which I wili tell here, as I heard it from the lips of an officer of ao Irish regiment, who was conversant with all the details. A soldier, on being reliavtd from guird ono winter's night, swore Etoutly that he had been haunted during the whole period of duty by a woman in grey, who made signals to him, whicii he, good Citholic as he 7; a?, declined to follow, he was laughed at ; hut when the stntry on duty the next night told ths samo story, the most incredulous began to believe. Wh=n a week had passed away, and each night tho same occurrence happened, the ergument was so infested with alarm, that the captain of the day thought it high time to interfere. For this purpose he sum moned to his counsels one Patrick Leary, a Color Sergeant, who was popularly supposed to fear neither man nor devil. The captain lent the non- commissioned officer a revolver, biddiig him Are if ho found it abso lutely necessary, but to do his best to capture tha woman alive. Mr Pat took a hearty drain of rum and went on sentry-go, much to the relief of the man warned for that night's duty. It was a dark misty night when Pat commcnced his duty round, and it was enough to make any man (eel uncomfortable. '1 he gallant Pat, however, so long as the effect of the rum lasted, whistled the ' Night on which Larry was stretched,' sotto ton, stamped his feet to restore the chilled cirealation. Somehow or another, though, he began to grow very lonely, and almost wished that the ghost would «omo if only to bear him company. His wishes were soon fulfilled, for hearing a slight sound, and raising his riile to his shoulder, he saw a dusky form gibbering at him in the distance. Pat began rooping and mow ing in reply, and the woman, apparently encouraged by this, drew nearer. Pat laid his firelock on the ground, as if to encourage the other, but placed his hand carefully on his revolver. There was nothing like being prepared, but if it were a woman— the th ught fairly turned the honest Sergeant's mind. Ere lone, the figure approached so near, that Pat was enabled to challenge — ' ' Who goes there ?' 'A friend!' the stranger replied, in a mtlsical, though foreign voice. ' Advance, friend, and give the countersign,' tha Sergeant mechinica ly said. Just as the figure aoproached Pat, the moon broke out from behind a cloud, '.nd enabled him to -ee the woman's features. The most astounding thing was the immense -?rey beard the figure wore. Pat, as a traveller; w.'s accustomed to strange sights, but this surpassed all. In a second, though the truth flashed upon him, and ha made ready for action. ' Come here, ray darlint,' Pat said, artfully, but the woman did not seem inclined to obey. I he moonlight had evidently destroyed the stringer'i calculations. She fell back a step or two, and then t»rned to iy. But it was too late ; Pat was after her with a tiger's bound, and, impeded by her petticoats, she HumbUd and nearly fell In a recond,* however, she recovered, and turned on the Sergeant with a m»st uncomfortable-looking yataghan. 'Tear aV'ouns,' the Sergeant shouted, 'the woman's the devil. I can stand nails, but these are rather too sharp.' A low mocking laugh burst from the stranger's lips, ai he tried to get between Pat and his musket.' Bat the Sergeant was on his guard ; pretending to fly, he managed to bear down within grasp of the woman, and caught at her capote. The next moment the yataghan had passed through tho ieshy part of his arm, but he did not relax his hold. He grappled with the stranger, but meeting with aa unexpected reactance, he drew his revolver. The stranger clutched at it with a frantic energy, and a terrible struggle ensued, which terminated by the pistoi sud denly expioding ; and the stranger fell to the ground with a groan, while Pat. weakened by the loss of blood, followed the example. The quarter-guard aroused by the shot, soon harried up to the spot, and both were borne into camp. The stranger was placed in a hut, and a surgeon fetched, and it was evident that the ghost in grey was a finelook ing old man. He was, however, declared to be in a very dange-ous state, for the bill had passed through his lungs. His condition was kindly explained to him. and he told his story readily enough. His ninse was Constantino, and he was by birth a Pole. Having been engaged iu .the revolution of 1831, he was saved from the death that fell to the lot of his comrades, to endure a worse fito. Ho end his family were transferred to Russia, and he was forced to peifoim the most degrading duties in the secret police. For twenty-thiee years he had endured the humiliation, for tho sake of his wife and child, bui he liitie reckoned whet was in store for him. When tho vrer with the allies became imminent, he was ordered with his family to Sebuatop^l, for he w&s; a perfect French end Uermttn scholar; and when the campaign commcnced, he was compelled to risk his life nightly, by going out to spy the progress the enemy made. Death stared him ia the face eithor way ; if he refused, the sentence passed upon him at Warsaw still remained in force, while, if he ?beyed, he was in hourly risk of detection. Wk y not desert, ycu ?will ask? but the Russian police were Macbiavels. Bis daughter Eudoxia, a lovely girl of thiee tnd twenty, was taken into tho Gover nor's houte, oftcmibly to protect her frcm the liorrors of the sirge ; lut Cont'.antino was given fully to understand that her lifo depended on his fidelity. The poor father was tordy dis tracted ; his hatred of tho Russians was counter balanced by his Jove for his daughter, the only trea sure ho possessed in the world, for hiB 'wife had suc cumbed under the privations and exposure of a winter journey across the tteppe. Need I say that the father triumphed over tho man ? Constantir.e was a night'y visitor to our lii.es, and by the clever ness with which he played tue charactcr of a French ?r English linesman, long escaped detection. _ At length, a dreadful ordeal was offered him; ha was told that if ho could only induco an English soldier to desert, from whom come valu able information night be obtained, his sentence would be reversed, and he would bo free to fo whero he pleased with bis daughter. Maddened y the thought of freedem, Constantino atti'ed him self in feminine garb, hoping thus to attract somo ?antinel from his post. He would then wound him, though not dangerously, and drag him into the Rus sian iines. In fact, it grew a monomania with Con stantino that ho must catch a Briton alive ; but, un fortunately, in Sergeant Leary, he caught a tartar. Such was the itory ho told, ond which »r»u«ed; coo tide raLlo interest among tho hearers. It reached tho ears of Lord Raglan himself, who visited tho prisoner, ahd bads him be of good cheer ; no harm could btfal him. But Constantino shook his head f-adly ; of what value wati life to him now, when he was separated from hif Eudox f I need not say that every kindness was shown tho poor fellow, and tho doctors vied with each other in their attention to him. But thero was little chance of saving him. The wretched conical ball wa? apparently embedded in his backbone, and there wes no prospect of moving it. Pardon, reader, such a common-place story, but the end is not yet. ? 5 Twe days later, Serjeant Leary, who had bound his flesh wound up, and laughed at it, was at work in tho front parallel. He was_ sitting in the trench, smoking a very dirty short pipe, and prowling in wardly, when his wound gave him a twitch. It was ft lovely night, and double caution had to be ercr ei«ed, for the Russians were all alive, and seemed (hooting ior a wager at the men in the trenchta. Pat philosophically took off hia r-hako, and placed it on the top of the earthwork. In five minues he took it down egain, and lo ! thero were threo Minia bills ?lean through it. ' Whiirah t' said Pat, as he comically sur veyed tho damage, ' here's a patent ventilator.' ' Lucky for you, Sergeant Leaiy,' a you' g ensign remarked, 'that your headiras'nt in it.' ' Arrah, your hmor, and do you suppose thoso dirty ballets would go through my head ? It's all vory easy with a regulation shalto, for we know what that is made of ; but an Irishman's head is formed ?f stronger materials.' A suppressed laugh ran along the trenches, but Pat was not at all put out. ' Boys !' ho remarked, with solemn pathos, ' since the unlucky day that I landed in this filthy country, not a night has passed that I hav'nt putatleasta pint of bad sperrits into this carc*63 of mine, and there ia not a man among you can sij lie hat seen me the worse for it. It warns a purty daieent head to stand the raki we get up here, for it would take the roof off a house ; so I think my head is Bafe against a ball sent by Russian powder. Hilloh ! what's their game mow, I wondher ?' The men jumped up involuntarily, for the firing from tho Russian guns had grown tremondcu*. For getting all caution, they sprang on the breastwork, naturally supposing that tho enemy meditated a sortie, lhcy were in perfect safety, however ; all the bullets wero at present directed at a s ngle figure, which was crossing the open at frantic speed. Our men cheered heartily, as th« stranger pressed on, uttorly reckless of tho Bhowor of lead, and some two or threo fellows, Leary at their head, rushed out to rescue him. Great was the Sergeant's surprise though, when he recognised in the stranger the 'Woman in Grey. But there was no time for inquiry. The Russians had oj.ened all their batteries, as if disgusted at not bringing down their ictira, and for an hour tha very earth ?hook witk tho vibration. Suddenly the fire died away, as we did not condescend to reply to it ; the moon retired behind a cloud in disgust, aud there was silence for the rest of the night. In tho meanwhile, Strgeant Leary had convinced himself that this Mr JoneB was not that Mr Jones: the strangor, instead of wielding a yataghan, em ployed a far moro dangerous weapon in a pair of the most lovely eyes evor seen. Then, in a most seduc tive voice (Ltary swore aftetwards that ho under stood every word, but don't believe him) she asked af er her father's welfare. She spoke in French, and, at any rate tha officer of tho watch comprehended her, and sent a party with ho? at onco to head quar ters. Lord Raglan no toaner heard of the heroism she had displayed, in order to join her father, than he gave directions that she should be treated with all potsiblo kindness, and have free access to the pri soner. Her presence was better than all the doctor's stuli' to Conftantine; he rapidly recovered, but Eudoxia's dutius were not ovor then. By somo stupid mistake, Leary managed to run hi? renowned head against a Minic bull, which sadly irjured his personal tppearanco, and for some reason or another, Eudoxia Insisted on nursing him. It may be that his repoated vitus to her father had touched her heart, but what do I know ? Ali I can say is, that I n*rsed Sergeant Iieary's youngest girl tho other day, when I went in fat an ounce of tobacco, at a shop, not a hundred miles from Leicester Square, and was requested to v/ait and eeo Fathor Constantino, who has a very comfortablo engagement aa interpreter at ono of our police courii. With him I smoked a refrcshiog pipe, and he confirmed all the details of tho story I now lay bjforo the rciider. Aooi»enxs. — A man named Jamea Murphy met with nn accident on Saturday last by falliins: over soma bottlen in Arcade Alley, off Little Bourke street. William Dennison, a carpenter, of Colling wood, accidentally fell off the kerb stone in Little Lonsdale Btreot, and injured Irs spine. Thomas Baker, a labourer residing at Brunswick, was break ing atoneB on the Plenty road when ho had tho mis fortuno to fall over a large Btone and break bis leg. Frederick Beeby, a labourer employed at Mr Baylis'e Btables nt Richmond, had his leg broken by accident. Frederick Hasleberg, a labourer employed on the railway ot Jackson's Creek, had his head severely in jured by the fall of a pieco of timber. Louisa Ann Burton was run over by her own cart in Smith street, Collingwood. She bad left the cart with the chain on the wheel, when tbe hotae took flight at eome thing that waa passing «nd ran over her beforo sha was able to get out of ihe way. The persons above men tioned were conveyed to tho Hospital in tho course of Saturday, aud are all in a fair way of recovery except the last mentioned, who died very shortly after her admission. Malicious Ikjoht. — Two timber waggons that were on Saturday night last made fast at the head of Messrs Wheeler and Browne's tramway leading roro the forest to their saw mill, were released from their fastenings by some evil disposed person or per sons. Onee free, on they rushed down the steep in elinc or way, a distance of nearly one mile, breaking all the Blip pasneb that effered resistance lo their pro gress. When about half way the double waggon ran off the line, and in its full broke one of its wheels. The single waggon continued its course to within a short dietauce of the mill. Fortunately the line was clear at tho several passings, or the consequences might have been much worse. — Bendigo Advertiser. ''.Hew to Impress Nioqers. — When I can't swade 'em, I frittene 'em — dat is great art, and whito preacher don't always understand de natur ob colored folkB, Now, Powpey, dere is one natur ob nigger, and one natur ob MaBsa Bnckra. You can't scare our people bj telling 'em dey'll go to berry hot place if tbey is sinners, for no place in too hot for dem dat sleep on pillow of hot roasted sand in de boilin' heat ob day, wid dere faces turned up to it like a sunflower. I ecaro dem by oold ; I talk of trczen ribbers, dat dey must walk on barefoot, and ob snow-drifts, and of carryin' great jnnks of ice on dere bare heads for eber and eber, liko dischargin' cargoes ob Yankee ice from Boston vessels, which kills more ob dem dan yaller fever. I can't talk book larnin', 'chubs I can't read ; nor eberlaBtiu' long words, 'cause I can't pronounce 'em. But I fritten dem to death nuiost, so dey call mo OM Scare Crow.'* — ' Ihe Season Ticket,' in the Dublin University Magazine. What's in a Name— The following annecdote shows how the French laugh at the Republican ideal, and if not true, is at leaat ben trovate — Under the Republique FrnuoiiBe the title? of no bility were of course abolished with the prefix of du or de ; farther, the saiuta were abolished, farther, the names of the months Wero abolished. I'igitrcz-vous the arrival of a French nobleman, well disposed to the government of the day, at the bu reau for some certificate or other document ; tbe following oolloquy enpiie3 Official — 'What *ame V Gentleman — ' Monsieur le Comte du Saint Janvier / '' Official — ??Quoi ?' — Repetition.— Off. ? 'No Monsieur now.' G'.'n4. — ' Well, le Comte thi, Saint Janvier.' Off. (wrathfully)— No counts.' Gent. — ' Pardon, du Saint Janvier.' Off. — ' 1 Sat ra bleu, no dus.' Gent. — ' Saint Janvier.' Off. (with a roar) — ' No saints here !'' Gent, (wishing to he ooaoiliatcry) — ' Ciloytrt Janvier.' Off. — 'Look at ordonnanoe, cy no Janvier now.' Geat. — ' Mais, must have a name ; what sbfill I call my self V Olf. — ''Ore nom. Ci'.o'jcn Nivaise!' — grand craBh.— Liberte, Egalite, Fraternito, — Notes \ .. 