THE NEW JiDUCaTIONAL OONTEO '' ' TEBST. ?' V ? - TO THB EDITOK O* THE EKGISTEK. sir-m the progress of a discussion on a subj^. on which there exists a considerable diversity of opinion, ana on which men feel stronelv. there is some dancer of thn'mnl nnint m question oemg comparatively lost sight of— a fate to which the subject of the present pducatipnal ponfxoyersy geemg i\»t tending. ? The fioman Oatholid prelate complains ol the existing Educational Act as being nnjusl to himself and the members of his commumoh, and also as being inconsistent with its professed objects to secure . perfect religious equality, He therefore determines upon seeking, consti tutionally, a redressof his alleged grievance. ,' Now, has the Bjshop just ground of com plaint? Does the Act fail to carry out itt profese ed principle of religious equality ? B.eajr ih mfndj that excepting yi this parti oulor Act, South Australia has virtually ignored religion. The State, as such, is not Protestant — is not Christian. It professes to aocorU equsl privileges to its citizens, regardless of their reUgious belief. Roman Catholics, Jew^, and Protestants (including Unitarians, Sweden borgians, and Mormonites) are equally eligible to election to. either House of Parliament. Frayerfbr tho Divine blessing upon their de liberations is unknown in the Legislature'. Ours is a hoia-religious State. .?'.?? It Mi 6e admitted, then all its enactments mould be consistent. Thsy should be such as aotneedleaily'to oITend the religious scruples jf any portion of the. community. Certajnly!, a an- educational sysfenij ptfrporting to b_e in tended for the benefit or all, and for whosp mpport all contribute, there should be nothing to preclude any one section of idigioniats ivaiung itself of it. ; ' I tit is, however, well known that the Roman Catholics conscientiously object to the use of ;he authorized, or even the, Douay version of ;he Scriptures, apart from the authorized caching of their Cbr^ch. ^he gresenj Aoti lowever, requires the Scripturpj to 'be rea4 laily in tbe schools assisted by the State. As ?egards the simple reading or the Scripturesl herefore, the Roman Catholics have just ;round of complaint. And if, as alleged, ex-i -lanations and comments are furnished by the eachere, contrary to the spirit of the Act itself -whatever may bo the latitude allowed by its; idministratora-rrthe grievance of which they somDlain is' Dronortiona'tel v n anravnf «r1 ' '? - As to the Act 1 teelf professing tp secure perfect religious equality— if the foregoing remarks ha correct, that question has been already disposed' of. It does no such thing ; nor, for anything .that, appears, was -it ever intended- to do it: -The case of the Roman Catholics could scarcely have been seriously contemplated by tbe parties who passed the Act; otherwise it would be| difficult to acquit them of intended insult to that respectable portion of the- community,!' For my part, I believe it was infendecl for He'. exclusive advantage of Protestants. Tho ab-' surdity of its professed principle of religious! equality is sufficiently shown by the fact of its' being based on the Christian religion, thereby! excluding our respectable fellow-citizenj, the' Jews. Could it, however, be shown that the' Aot was intended to meet the oase of the' Eornati Catboffev yet if these, through- tfi'eir B.ishop, qechire tha.t %y qannot acpept it-1' cannot conscientiously Bvail themselves q'f ;t in' consequence of its obnoxious reliaioua impost tions-they are surelyfully justified in seokb- ' its modification. ° To form a right judgment of their objections ire have but to put the casji conversely. 8Un- : pose the Roman Catholics were eeven-eighths of ! ;he population, and that they had succeeded ia passing an Educational Act, profesaitrg to airn it securing religious equrility, a«a yetlquiri™ ^e authonsed teaching of the Komish Aure^ ' oat ground of complaint ? The faot is, the i-ct in question, m its religioua aspect, ia one 'mong several other glaring auomaliea in our egai code, utterly inconsistent with our much »ttae4 ciyil »na religious freedom and equality. Some bare ventured confidently to predict that the demand of tbe Roman Catholics, if persisted in, will result either in the discon* tinuance of the grant in jaid, or iu th« este* blishment 6f a 'system'of purely Becalar eduoa ?tion, from which tho Bibb and religious tneii ?'Jgahall-be rigidly cxcludea. But is rihar Bu!?or»ze4 to vaticinate, I may, withouJ inear- ru»g tho charge of presumption, I trust, T«o SSS^wS11' poaHbl9 taa- to u Most persons who have given attention to tha existing Educational Act, and watched ito operation, are convinced that it is capible of much lmprovoment. Besides the one »boT» indicated it has several serious faulta No doubt the.idifEijulty of sucMssfullygrapplin* with the subject of education in our peculiar cireumstances 'has alpne deterred the Ministry and other members of the Legislature from initiating any, change in the present* system. So long as t the several religious bodies or the community atiargo submitted to it quietly our rulers and 'lawmakers were glad of an exeuw for not -meddling -with it. '-TSow, however, the case is altered. The question is forced upon their attention,Tand- they. will bo constrainad bja sense^f duty.to reeohsider it. Assuming, then, ths continuance of State aid to education, this might be- giv«a oa the denominational principle, which, notwith standing the prejudices of the fewy befor* whose' minds its bare intimation saaf jseesiblT conjure up the ghost of the dread depute^ would afford, I believe, in i'a operation the most general satisfaction. Or aid might be dutributedon the non-interfering- with- religioa principle, assisting exclusively sccalor laenmg, leaving the religious instruction to the founders, trustees, 'local supporters, and teachers »f tne .respective schools. This course would oer tainly.be more consistent for tho Legislature to adopt. - Right. or wrong, the State has refused aid to religion, as it is culled, as regards the clergyman ; to be consistent, it Bhould juraue the same course with respect' to' the school* teacher. rThi» principle of non-interfar«ooe oy . the State with religion, if it failed fully to satisfy our Roman Catholic fellow-citixens, would in myjudgment remove the chief ground of their complaint ; while it would^ I am per suaded, secure for the pupila a far larger amount of moral , and religious teaching and training than what is or can be givea underj the present system. - ?? ? M Apologizing for trespassing so £u- upon your valuable spa&j;, .-. ..-.; ?; ^ : I am, Sir, fife., ., .? ,» .... 1 .. PRE8BOTEROS. 