The Bendigo Waterworks Company comes up before us ever and anon, like Banquo's gliost ; and with it comes also, as an attendant apparition, the National Bank. Both these concerns have of late furnished iriatter-for comment in our columns ; and in both we find that the shareholders have 6ince begun to take measures for a change in the administration of their affairs. The 'Waterworks Company, however, have irnt - the start in T-oint of time in the race of reform. The move ment which is to purge the Bank Directory of the one or two objectionable elements still- remaining, in it, has to gather strength from without the colony as well as within — the chief momentum, for instance, coming ?from Adelaide. It is,, in consequence, slower in its progress, whereas, the Water works Company being confined to a much narrower sphere, the work of reform in its ease proceeds more speedily and more directly, to its ultimate object, which is the same, with respect to both companies— namely, a remodelling of the directory, with 'a ? view to improved management. It was to this end that the general meeting of the shareholders of ,the Waterworks Company, which was held yes terday, took place. But as a preliminary step they have thought it expedient to ascer tain. the present monetai-y position of the company and its affairs; and have had, . therefore, an Auditors' report laid before them, which they have taken a week to study with due care before making up their minds as to what course they may at hist adopt for putting their property in that prosperous position which it once promised to reach and maintain, but to which it certainly has not attained, as yet at all events. Upon the threshold of that week's cogitation the share holders may with advantage have placed before them in a more compendious form the actual condition of things presented to them at full length in their Auditors' report. In the first place, the company has over drawn from, and owes to, the National Bank a sum of between fifteen and sixteen thou sand pounds sterling; but this debt has been contracted in such a way that it is doubtful whether the shareholders of tlie ' company are bound in law to acknowledge the obligation, or whether the bank is in a position to. enforce it. Tlie Directors of the Waterworks Company, in borrow ing this money from the National Bank, did not comply with the borrowing clauses of their Act. These clauses direct that in case money is to be borrowed, a meeting of shareholders shall be held, in order to authorise the directors to borrow to the. extent of one-half the value of their paid-up shares ; and then the position of the capital account of the company, as to sound ness and solvency, must bo certified by a justice of the peace. The clauses referring to this matter are very explicit and em phatic. They are numbered 5 and 6 in the ?company's Act, and are as follow : — ' Clause . 5. It shall be lawful for tho ' Company to borrow 011 mortgage or bond ' such sum or sums of money as shall from ' time to time, by an order of a general mcet ' ing of the Company, b» authorised to be ' borrowed, not exceeding at any time one ' half of the amount of the capital of the ' Company then actually paid up, nor ex ' ceeding in the whole the sum of thirty ' thousand pounds, but no part of such ' money shall be borrowed until the whole ' of the said capital shall have been sub ' scribed for. * * * * ' ' Clause 6. The certificate of a justice ' that the whole of, the said capital has ' been subscribed for, and that a specified ' and definite amount of capital has been ' actually paid up, and a cop)' of the order ' of the general meeting of the company, ' authorising the borrowing of money on ' mortgage or bond, certified by tlie chair ' man for the time being of the directors ' and by the secretary, to be a true copy, ' shall be sufficient evidence of the fact of ' the whole of such capital having been ' subscribed for, and of the specified amount ' of capital having been actually paid up, ' and of the order for borrowing money ' having been made. And upon production ' to any justice of the books of the com ' pany, and of such other evidence as he ' shall think sufficient, such justice ' shall grant the certificate aforesaid.' None of the conditions prescribed in these clauses were observed by the directors when they borrowed the sum of between £15,000 and £16,000 from the National Bank ; and the shareholders in consequence deny the legal responsibility of the company to the Bank for this money ; and if they choose to dispute the debt 011 this score, they have in support of such a course the extraordinary fact that their directors acted in this illegal manner, not from inadvertence or ignorancc, but, to all appearances, with predetermined purpose to do the wrong thing — wrong in the case of the borrowing company, and wrong in the ease of the Bank that lent the money. There could be no ignorance ; there could be no inadvertence in tlie matter. For the directors who borrowed, aud the directors who lent, the money were one and the same body of men. Mr. P. B. Fhanklyn and Mr. Thomas Bhow„\, jun., for instance, as directors of the Bendigo Waterworks Company, made application to themselves, as directors of the National Bank, for an over- draft of £15,000; and they accommodated themselves by comply ing with that application of advancing the money to themselves accordingly. And this they did, notwithstanding that they knew in tlie first place that they had 110 authority, to borrow 011 behalf of the Water works C. mpany in the absence of a general meeting's directions to that effect ; and in the next place that they were not justified as Bank Directors in lending money without adequate security, which in this case would be the justice's certificate and the meeting's authority. IIow can the shareholders ill either of these companies expect that their affairs will prosper, when in the hands of men capable of acting in such ' a very questionable way as this is? Tlio Waterworks Company may fairly enough as a matter of legal obligation dispute a debt so contracted ; although in strict equity 4 and justice they are undoubtedly bound to ?recognise the obligation. The first step in both companies however must be to get rid of these double functionaries, whose style of doing business is so close akin to double dealing. But it is not in tlii3 respect alone thattha affairs of the Waterworks Company look rather shady,' owing to the peculiar stylo of directorial management to which they have been subjected. How do the capital account and the statement of the income and expenditure of the company stand? Tho amount altogether paid to the crcdit of tho company has been £53,000 ; consisting of paid-up shares, £29,000 ; over-draft from Bank, £15,000 ; premium on shares, £4500 ; and gold produced, £4500. The whole of this large amount of £53,000 has been absorbed in the expenditure of tho company ! And the assets which now re main to represent this unparalleled extrava gance of outlay, consist of No. 7 Reservoir, valued at £10,000 ; works at No. 1 Reser voir, valued at their cost, viz., £6000 ; and the machinery and plant, valued at £6400. These assets, however, are of little real value in their present state .and without further outlay ; ana the prospective ad vantages derivable from what seems to be favorable ground for paying quartz-reefs, are also of a purely contingent character — further outlay here also being requisite. But, although additional capital is thus plainly requisite, both to prevent what has been already done from being altogether thrown away, and likewise to derive actual profits in the future, the shareholder* have 110 great encouragement to subscribe further funds, when they find that the expenditure of the company has been, and is still, no less than £95 per week — that is, £65 cost of management, and £30 interest on debt to National Bank. And this enormous weekly expenditure — which is equal to 16 J- per cent, of the called-up capital — is going on, notwithstanding that the works have been suspended -during tho last three or four months, and there is not a single man employed upon them at tho pre sent time. - . This resume of the state of matters in tho Bendigo Waterworks Company may help the shareholders to set a just value on tho services of the directors to whom they en trusted the management of their property ; and will, at the same time, furnish another illustration of the peculiar style of conduct ing joint-stock companies which prevails in this golden colony of Victoria. - Tiie President took the chair in the Council at a quarter-past four. Two notices of motion having been given, the House went into com mittee on the Education Bill. Mr. Ilervey moved that it might be reported in order to he printed. The motion was agreed to, and tho House resumed. The second reading of tho Lien Bill was postponed till Tuesday. Mr. Fawkner moved the second reading of tlio Frontage System Bill, which was seconded and agreed to, and the bill was then committed pro forma. Tho House adjourned at half'-pft,sb /our. TnK Speaker, took the chair in the Assembly at half-past four. Mr. M'Lcllan gaw notice of a motion relative to commonage on tho gold fields ; and tho Speaker announced the receipt of a message from the Council relative to the Land Bill. On the motion of Mr. Service it was agreed that the message should be taken into consideration on Tuesday next. Somo minor matters having been disposed of, Mr. Heales inquired the policy that the Government intended to pursue in regard to the amendment* made by the Council in the Land Bill, intimat ing that he would be no. party to a repc tition of the farce previously played, but that; lie hoped the Government would now make a. definite stapd upon, the question. Mr. Nichol son, however, intimated that the Government would reserve a disclosure of their intentions until Tuesday. Mr. Howard then moved the second reading of the Beer Bill, and was sup ported by the Solicitor General* ~ Mr. Greeves moved, as an amendment, that the bill be read a second time that day six months. Messrs. Humffray and Pyke supported tlie measure, and Mr. Carpenter opposed it, as also did Messrs. Henderson and .M'Lellan and Woods. The amendment was carried by 19 to 17. Tho re port of the Committee on Hansard was then agreed to by a majority of one. The amendments in the Gold-fields Act were next considered, and the new clause rejected without a division. The House then went into com mittee on the Law of Property Amendment Bill. After a good deal of discussion, and the completion of several amendments, most of ihem of a verbal charactor, the House resumed. It being then nearly eleven, Mr. Bailey moved tho Wip adjournment of tho House, which led—as Mr. Loader's motion, respecting the £50,000 grant being given to private enterprise, was next on the paper — to a strong opppsition, aud to several very plain references as to the personal interest that the Attorney- General had in wishing to subsidise a private company in Beechworth with the publio money. Shortly after eleven the House was counted out. 