COMIC CHRONOLOGY. A TABLE SHOWING THE ANTIQUITY OF JOKES. [FROM THE LONDON PUNCH.] B.C. 999. The Sphinx invents the riddle, " When's a door not a door ?" Upwards of 10,000 lives are lost through inability to answer it it. B.C. 900. Archimedes asks Solon, " Where was the first nail hit ?" Whereto Solon shows his wisdom by replying-, "On the head." B.C. 878. Nero, on the point of set ting fire to Rome, observes that lie in tends to " throw a light upon his sub jects." s.c. S50 At a supper party given at the house of Areopagus, the first attempts are made to pun on ;£ tongue" and " trifle." B.C. 800. Sophocles, while taking his usual constitutional," is accosted by a wag, who asks him, " Pray what makes more noise than a pig under a gate ?" Socrates spends upwards' of 10 mi utes in reflection, and then replies he doe-.n't know, unless it be a " babby." B.C. 799. The joke of" Who stole the donkey ?" is introduced by Hector, on observing that Achilles has come out in a white helmet. 5.6. 777 Quintius Curtius, preparing to plunge into a chasm, remarks, that though it looks like a good opening for a young man, he has very little doubt that he'll be taken in and done for. B.C. 760 Xantippe, meeting Socrates at an evening party, astonishes the sage by inquiring in a whisper, "Has your mother sold her mangle?" B.C. 681. Julius Caesar invents the celebrated riddle, " What smells most in a doctor's shop ?" To which Sc pio Africanus makes reply,tC I Nose !" B.C. .055. Epaminondas is accosted by a small boy in the Forum, who asks, him " Wlrj a miller wears a hat V' Epaminondas being non-plussed is com pelled to give it up ; whereat the small boy grins and says, It's 'cos h.3 wants to keep his head warm." B.C. 568. At a Civil Service Examin ation for the government of Athens, Euclid first propounds the problem, " If a herring and a half can be bought for three halfpence, how many can be pur chased for eleven pence?" Nineteen candidates are plucked through incap ability to solve it. B.C. 500. The comic observation that " Here we are again !" is introduced by Ceesar's ghost ai the meeting atPhilippi. B.c, 456. Romulus, inventor of the riddle, asketh Remu*, " Where was Moses when the candle went out ?" Remus makes reply that he was in his skin, and adds that when Moses jumped out lie (Romulus) might jump in. B.C. 444. At a wedding of Thucy dides with Helen of Troy, the conundrum is first asked, " Why do we all go to bed ?" Eleven of the dozen bridesmaids go off into hysterics on being told that, " It's because the bed won't come to us!" . PROGRESS OF GUIDE BOOKS.-A curious fact in connection with. the general spread of cheap literature is announced in one of our Ang'o-Imlian papers JJrdoo Guide has. an advertise ment recommending a " Pocket Com panion for Pilgrims to Mecca," at one rupee the copy. What a progress since the days of. Caliph .Omar, the book - burner! "" PUBLIC EXPENDITURE IN THE CITY.--Will any one in the colony SoiVe the following" problem ? Darin* the re cent dictatorship of Sir John O'S. jt Waj discovered that a cerSain buildin» j. William-street in this city, occupied the Government as a Treasury, ^ quite uiifit for the duties the ^ building was called upon to pertorm This was in some degree recognised, i0j the building of a new Treasury '^ being proceeded with, an^ could ao| occupy many years be£ re it wag com pleted. Meanwhile, however, a certain good-looking house in Queen street the property of the celebrated Kn:ght0j Saint John-the Whittington of th, southern hemisphere-was to be le( What a capital Teasury it would make! The owner of it could not find a tenant The Government would get the plac{' cheap. Four hundred a year would ^ a little more than any private individual would think ot giving for such a house," Never mind, the Government want tj make friends. Votes in Parliament ap getting scarce ; what matters it tlw there is no necessity for removing t{ another temporary building previous t the completion ot the new Treasury' . Questions will never be asked. % must secure supporters ; besides, ft : not at our; own cost. It is only th; ; country's money that is being sps^ Let us see what can be done. By 35/ - bye a great bustle is seen within tbl : p ecincts of the building in Queenstreet New counters, new finings of varioo; kinds are being fixed therein. An0« comes the sare, the books, the clerk?, the red tape, the immense mass of docfc i ments! All is in order, wh6n the poi lie pass that way, and read over tt; doorways and w.Ils, Treasury, Golt Office, and such other like portentonj 1 words. They go home and make a mt. morandum to look in'0 tha next esti. mates. What do they see there: "Kent of Treasury in Qaeen-streei £900 per annum!" The problem1 ti be solved is-what relation does £9(X a year for'a house not worth £400 bea: to the vote given by a certain well known sermon-writer to, and in support^ of, the late lammted O'Shanassy Minis try, when a vote of want of confident; was so heartily responded to in theis*,. sembiy and the country? We confer it is.a puzzler ! Answer it who can,-*" 13 attar at Star. : 1 . Mr. William Howitt has undertake to write a continuation of "CasselT; Illustrated History of England'* from tt accession of George III. to the preset time. A faithful narrative of this impo: tant period of history, from the pent so able a writer as Mr. Howitt, will e: cite no little interest among the readii classes generally. . . Why are man haters I'.ke mice in ti West Indies ? Because they are mis an'-tropical. A NOVELTY.-It appears that one oft; townsmen has invsnted an apparatus by whij he proposes to collect the gold now biiog a' ried away in the s'udge flowing down i channels in our streets. As we have not see the machine we cannot pronounce an o^ink upon its merits; and the at empt ia IU ;worthy of praise, Yesterday, appdcati: wag made to the W estern Council for pere; sion to fit the apparatus in the channels £ western township, and permis icn was giaalei. Should the invention prove a eucccss, wa t irainagine that our streets will present rath a singular aspect, and as no doubt a-ra large number will be placed in the vaii;: channels. "We have hear J of people dying: a gutter, but this is the first time we et: heard anyone propose to get a living out oft -.Ballarai 1 imes REVOLTING CRUELTY AT SEA -At the Hull poli:i court, on Monday, a Danish sailor, named Wila;'. Sorenoen, b-longing to the schooner Maris, £ peared be'ore the stipendiary magistrate, and, thros the interpreter of the court, told the fallowing tilt; revolting cruelty:-The vessel had been from Tris to Marasil es before she came 10 Hull, and at Hz burg they shipped a youth of sixteen, named. K L nsman The j outh had never been to sea M' and the day alter he l"f- Hamburg he was sent tl to furl one of the sails. lie was very much frighten! and only part y cid the work When he cameids' on the deck, the captain and mate gave himt lushes with a tore's end. Whenever Luusaiaac:: not work he was beaten. A day or two after the t: thrashing, he could not rem mb^r the names of t different rop^s, and he got twenty lashei witkaci; He called out terribly, and there were marks all£". him. The Captain and mate beat him ma afterwards. On the last day ha was beaten le.: eightv lashes, bu the captain threa ened to give t one hundred and sixty lashes. The day b<?foi5; died they did n t beat him, but they tied his t; between his legs ; pat a piece of wood behhd i neck and another behind his knees, and tlien t both pieces of wood t 'g ther, h iving first mids bend double. In this state, they _threw him the deck, and the mote threw cUuin3 upon hint'1 different, days lie was trea'ed this way,fortes twelve days, someti mes twice a day. The csj'J. also starved the deceased. When the deceased tied up, and while the chains were upon hi®/ cried out that he could get no air, and cotdd endure it any longer. The day before he died chains were upon him for half an hour; at mite he was ordered to go to the pumps. When ist hold of the pumps he fe 1 down,and never ?£ ?..gain. He died J boat ten o'clock the next mort'-: Tnat was on the 13th of August, and the vessel' offasmal island belonging to Sicily ; deponent not kn ow the mime. In the evening when t!w' went dowo, deceased was thrown ov :rboard in sleeping things. Th ra were marks all over the l'* of deceased, except on the chest. The Danish cot and collector of customs at Hull were correspa with by the magistrate, and the conrtwill eit a when the crew of the vessel will be examined,*;, tae case further inquired into. ^ A SLAYKIIY ARGCSIEXT.- -At a great meeting }». York, the other day, one of the sympathisers W'-J: scuthstn s aveowners, a Mr. O'Connor said! are white men or wli it is commonly called by *( distinc ion the Caucasian race ; we are a inous people-that is to say, we arecotMaboffl" nor fdlowers f Joe -Smith, with a dozen tnf'-. piece. It is a funda-nental principle of ur D?1;! that no state can exist or to be tolerated unioi which shall not in that- respect resem"''. the other states of the union. Many other distic'*.: fe -tures might be stat -d wliijh mark us as a P* dis.inctfrom oth.-rs, and incapable of associate terms of perfect polit cul eq iality as friead''. iellow citizens with the same kind of people tw1/ to be found upon the face of the ea' ih. As a f n .tion we made our cons itution. and \venn°!> laws, vesting political right in that race, the American peop.e. And as to the negr -,we alio®'; to live undor tne abode and protection of our'J. we give him, as we are bound to give him, pro'^; asaiust ou raje and contumely ; we deny him." ever, poli ical rights or the power i f Gove n>.' and we leave him,so long as the community ia*; he liv. s should please so to order, in the coflj of the bondman. N ow, gentlemen, to that co; the negro is assigned by nature. The his'0" maoki'd shows that h's cl ss cannot Pr05P,e/'"' die out and become extinguished in any cow1' any very temperate climate. But in tbe rtj; w rm region hi^ race canp osper and be perP^ He has strength and is potent to labor; but the"*, which created the wi 1 denied, the intellect to fy or the willingness to work Both are dani;' And that nature which deprived him of will"' gave him a master to coerce that will ant to* him a useful and valuable s rvant to the cua-j which he was capable of living for himself v the master w..o governed him. Now, ge'-.t-6 , maintain that i. is not injustice to leave the ia the condition in which nature placed a leave him in a state of . upilage, to give him a . to govern liira aDd supply his deficiencies,jW dep.ivv.g him of any of his rights to compel ^ labor in return, and u fiord to that master ji|! ? pensation for the labor snd the. talent emp1 gov<.ruiug him, aud rendering him useful to ' and to tho society in whi -h he lives. These principles,gentlemen, whfch the extreme of the abolitionists compel us to meet. Tuts ground that we must tike. We are n t tofl>' slavery being an evil-slavery being a thins, i though pernicious, must be tolerated. ^eca - have m:ue a bargain to tolerate it w > are to ? it as it i=, we ure to look a; it by the voice oi ?, tion which is to be fouud in the sacred YO»U which nowhere condemns the bondage of ta<> / are naturally fit for b .mia^e.'' T-ese sea wera received wiih immense applause. Printed and published by Willia®( j>: Warren, ior the proprietors, at the " and Murray ^Adv^rtiser '' 0i; Street, iieeohworth, in ths Colw Victoria, 