THE SPIRITUALISTS. It is a remarkable phenomenon that, at times of great intellectual activity, when men's minds are seething and fermenting under the influence of great events, there is a certain proneness on the part of a large section of them to give a ready credence to the preternatural and the supernatural. It is true that there is always a lurking disposition for the marvellous, even in the most enlightened and cultivated intellects, and it is a wise provision of nature that it should be so. This is the stimulus which excites to discoveries, and it is familiar to all how the fruitless search after the unseen and the unin- telligible has occasionally led to the real and the intelligible. Even in the dimmest ages of ignorance there has been a belief in ghosts, and what is called education rather conceals than eradicates it. People who have got to differential calculus, and electric telegraphs, and 'that wonderful triumph of civilization, sir,'' the steam-engine, affect or really feel a kind of shame at their belief in dreams, omens, and apparitions ; yet we have known men of the highest culture in whose minds faith in these things has been not only hidden, but cherished. It is in times of unusual mental ac- tivity that the love of the supernatural is most predominant, and it is not very difficult to dis- cover the cause of this. In these times espe- cially, when vast discoveries in science are being made, when light is pouring in through every chink, when man finds that his empire over the unknown is daily growing larger and larger, then it is that the million, who have neither the knowledge nor the patience for regular scientific investigation, are most deter- mined not to be left in the rear, and will also have their wonders not less marvellous than those of science. Let Mr Watt have his steam engine, by all means, they seem to say; we will have our Cock-lane ghost. To Stephenson be the locomotive, but give us Springheeled Jack ; Wheatstone and Faraday may bring to the ser- vice of man the forces of electricity, we are con- tent with table-turning and clairvoyance. There is something in this frame of mind not exactly to be deplored, but there is also much which requires the shrewdest and most uncompromis- ing vigilance on the part of those whose duty it is to preserve intact the standard of scientific truth. We believe that at no time more than the present have so many marvellous theories and speculations upon the unseen been offered to the consideration of the curious. Mesmerism, we believe, began it; and then came clairvoy- ance. The former was accounted for by the sceptical as a form of epilepsy, and the latter as a trick ; but although it is certain that the spe- cific disease will produce many phenomena similar to those which occur during the mesmeric state, and although conjurors have succeded, by trickery, in deceiving people into a belief that real clairvoyance has taken place, it is not to be denied that there is a vast number of in- telligent, enlightened, and sincere people whose faith both in mesmerism and clairvoyance is un- shaken, and who testify, upon evidence which can neither be ignored nor lightly impugned, to pnenomena which are not to be accounted for by the hypotheses above stated. After mesmerism came table turning, which turned the heads as well as the tables of thou- sands — which thousands still believe in, and which Professor Faraday attempted to disperse by a formula which, in our opinion, at any rate, was exceedingly unsatisfactory. Mr Faraday, it should be recollected, owes the place which he occupies in the first rank of scientific men entirely to the fact that he is the first electri- cian in the world. In no other branch of science is his authority first rate, and it is through being unaware of this that so many people came to be of opinion that his theory of ' resultant muscular force' was conclusive and unanswerable. But the great marvel which now occupies every one's mind is Spiritualism ; it is talked of everywhere, front the highest to the lowest, and in every tone of opinion, from the deepest reverence to the most flippant scoffing. At- tention was first called to spiritualism, we be- lieve, in America, and the stories which came to us from that land of Brobdignagian fictions were certainly not calculated to inspire the cautious with respect. To the phenomena (now seemingly common enough) of rapping, pinching, furniture lifting, and writing by un- seen hands, was added the apparition of the spirits of great men dead, which comported themselves after the most extraordinary fashion. The spirit of Dr Johnson expressed itself in the most ungrammatical language ; that of Shelley communicated as an original composition an ode which was recognised as a plagiarism from Coleridge ; the wraith of Shakspere appeared to be woefully ignorant of his works when in the flesh; and about all the spirits of great Europeans one great, marking, family characteristic was apparent — that they were imbued with American vulgarisms and peculiarities, which certainly accounted for, if it did not excuse, the scepticism of which they became the ob- jects. It was not long, however, before spiritualism found its way over to this country ; nor were the American media slow in presenting them- selves upon a field so prolific both in converts and in cash. Thanks to these visitants, merry England itself became a region of marvel and of mystery. The spirits were as active here as they had been on the other side of the Atlantic. In our turn, we have had rappings, and pinch- ings, and animated furniture, and strange com- munications from the spirits of Shakspere and Johnson. The converts to spiritualism among us are to be numbered by tens of thousands, and include among them some of the most ac- tive and intelligent minds in the country. Re- ferring to what we said before about the unwil- lingness of the scientific to admit a belief in marvels, we know that there are men who have spent their whole lives in scientific investiga- tions, in familiarity with the strictest and severest formulae for ascertaining the truth — men whose faculties have become so sharpened by their mental training, that we should pronounce it to be al- most impossible that they should be deceived — we have known such men testify with bated breath, and with an evident fear lest their testi- mony should be quoted to their shame, to facts for which not only they have no means of ac- counting, but which are actually irreconcilable with any known law. What then are we to say? The matter is full of contradictions -full, if you will, of mani- fest absurdities — yet it is testified to by wit- nesses whose evidence cannot properly be con- demned, and whose testimony would be deemed sufficient for any other purpose of life. Are we to believe that immortal souls have no better nor worse fate than haunting the drawing rooms of their friends? Persons of unimpeached veracity affirm that it is so Is it credible that the souls of the departed amuse them- selves with tilting tables, lifting chairs, pinching knees, and conveying bells and handkerchiefs? Men of sense and of honor bear witness to the fact. Is it possible that by the mere will of a medium, a ponderous body may be raised into the air, contrary to the law of gravity? More and better witnesses will come forward and swear to it, than would be sufficient to bring conviction to the most incredulous jury as to such an unnatural action as the murder of a child. Whilst admitting that we ourselves have never yet witnessed anything that we could not account for by perfectly simple and natural causes, we must declare our belief that the evidence in favor of preternatural spiritual phenomena is too powerful to be treated other- wise than with respect — that ridicule, when ap- plied to it, is entirely misplaced, and that the best frame of mind for those who are uncon- vinced is somewhat analogous to the Scotch ver- dict of ' Not proven,' which, far from negative- ing the case, holds it, as it were, in suspense until the evidence be perfected and conviction secured. A sort of fillip has been given to the interest excited by spiritualism in literary circles, by a dispute which has arisen between Mr Charles Dickens and Mr William Howitt, a gentleman who, to his high reputation as an author, adds that of being one of the most ardent upholders of spiritualism. The ' machinery,' as it is called, of The Haunted House ' — the Christ- mas number of All the Year Round — was con- structed from the story of a ' haunted house ' at Cheshunt, lately occupied by some relatives of Mr and Mrs Charles Kean. The evidence of the haunting was straightforward enough ; but, after hearing it, Mr Dickens and his staff sat down with the deliberate intention of bur- lesquing it. The result was that all the phenol- mena, which had succeeded in expelling an intelligent family from their domicile, was re- ferred to the agency of rats, cats, creaking weathercocks, and the knavery of a roguish ostler. Indignant at this treatment of his tes- timony, Mr Howitt has retorted upon Mr Dickens, avowing that he is a scoffer not only of spiritualism, but of Christianity, and that he is incapable of dealing with mysteries, which form, as it were, 'the fringe' of the In- finite. There may be something in this ; for really the scope of Mr Dickens's argument seems to be that there, is no power in Nature superior to that of rats, cats, creaking weather cocks, and roguish ostlers. To those who can find no deeper causes for mysteries than these vulgar facts, the angels that appeared to Abra- ham must be but common travellers through the plains of Mamre, Jacob's Dream only the result of supper too freely partaken of at Luz, the glories of Sinai the mere invention of a skilful pyrotechnist, and the wonders worked at Endor — a lesson how the tricks of tricksters may turn into realities, to their own dismay — nothing but a proof that the magic lantern was understood in Canaan. For us, we prefer to hold our opinion upon these matters in suspense, until we are further informed by evidences. Abjuring equally a blind faith on the one side and an empty scoff on the other, we profess our belief that human intelligence has not yet exhausted the wonders of God, nor has mundane knavery discovered the bounds of human credulity. The difficulties against which investigators into these phenomena have to struggle are enormous. When the experiment is unsuccessful, you are told that the spirits are not always favorably disposed, that the laws which regulate them are not understood even by the medium. If your curiosity in probing the truth be too keen, you are rebuked by the information that the spirits will not act in the presence of a confirmed sceptic. To any objection against second-hand testimony, there is the stereotyped answer that it is upon the faith of wituesses whose veracity ought to be beyond dispute. But it is not so much veracity that is in ques- tion, as judgment. How few are they whose mental training enables them to conduct an investigation into those problems of physics and metaphysics which usually occupy the at- tention of philosophers. The severest logic, unusual powers of observation, the utmost cool- ness and presence of mind, the most unconquer- able determination to be neither baffled nor conquered — all these are necessary to the per- fect examination into the simplest phenomena of physical science. But when a new order of things arises, and the investigators are required to take cognizance of elements which are con- fessedly uncertain and not ascertained, how much is the matter complicated! At the same breath with which spiritualists confess that they know nothing about the real nature of spirits, they will venture to assert that the success or failure of an experiment depends upon this or that condition of the spirits. Then again, there is the uncertainty of human evidence, and the almost univeisal proneness to take a part for the whole. Something extraordinary happens — such as the whirling round of a table ; it impresses the majority of witnesses, and they cannot account for it ; presently someone cries out that the table has risen bodily into the air without support, and, confused with the supposed marvel which they have seen, the rest believe in that which they have not ; and what is more, they will afterwards believe and assert that they really did see it. Again, a nervous, sensitive person will cry out that he has felt the pressure of hands, and the expecta- tion of every one is strung up to the highest pitch of tension ; by and by another feels the same, and says so — but perhaps it is nothing but the pressure of the clothes caused by some involuntary movement of limb. We throw out these observations, not with a view of discre- diting really sound testimony, but of showing how people may deceive themselves and others in the most innocent manner possible. We know not whether spiritualism is or is not (as Mr William Howitt in a letter to a con- temporary lately expressed himself), 'but the lowest fringe in the sublime mantle of mystery which wraps the universe,' but we are sufficiently conscious of the gravity of the testi- mony which supports it, to assert that it merits calm, patient, philosophical investigation. It may be that there are forces in nature yet un- known to science, and that the demonstration of them may have been mistaken for the work of spirits. All this is dark and uncertain. That there is much charlatanry abroad with regard to the matter there can also be no doubt ; but so there has been in connection with every branch of science at its birth. We have little respect for those who say, ' Let us see; we will only believe our eyes.' Those who believe only their eyes must have faith in Herr Dobler and Mr An- derson, and their wonderful works. Evidence must be taken for what it is worth, but for no more ; and it must not be accepted for a con- clusion that people are not likely to be de- ceived, or even to deceive others unknow- ingly, because they are respectable and virtuous. — Leader. Solitude. — Some people seem to entertain as mortal an aversion to solitariness as a mad dog to water, and accordingly so lay their plans that they are never above a few minutes out of sight of some person or another. A case certainly much to be pitied. The very use of society is to make solitude agreeable. The man who is afraid of being alone never enjoys the pleasure resulting from mental independence, which is the noblest of all. He feels his happiness in- separable from some person whose company he may not always have it in his power to command — he lives more for others than for himself — that is to say, he puts the care of his happiness entirely in the hands of others, whereas that care should only be entrusted to our own hearts. It becomes, therefore, the duty of every one to be able to be alone, and to acquire this ability the best method is practice. Every mind has sources of happiness unknown to itself, these sources are gradually discovered, and be- come more copious in proportion as pleasure is drawn from them. 