TSimSDAY, JULY 26, 1860. In tho Logislativo Council yesterday, Mr. Bennett moved that the clauso intro- duced in tho Gold-fields Act Amendment Bill by that House, and disagreod with by the Assembly, bo insisted on, and that written reasons bo sont down-to tho Lower Houso. Tho motion was agroed to. The Assembly's amendments on tho Divorco Bill, wero agreed to. Tho remaining business was postponed, and tho Council adjourned. In tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Nicholson gave notice that to-morrow ho would movo tho appointtnont of a select com inittee to draw up an address of congratulation to His Excellenoy tho Governor on his marriage. In answer to Mr. Heales, who stated tho cir- cumstances under which ho had boon rcquostod by tho attendants at Yarra Bend Asylum to ask tho question, ' Mr. Nicholson said he had given no authority to Dr. M'Crea to prevent tho attendants defend- ing themselves through tho press from chargoä brought against them ; but ho approved of the order, as writing to tho newspapers was an ir- regular proceeding. The proper course was for the attendants to address him (Mr. Nicholson) through tho superintendent, if thoy had any- thing to complain of. Tho adjourned debato on tho Council's-nmond ments of tho Crown Lands Sales Bill was re- sumed by Mr. Ebden, who said the object ho had in view, in moving the adjournment of the de- bate, had been fully served by tho discovery of tho despatch which accompanied tho Order in Council of the 19th Juno, 18S0 ; for if any- thing wore wanted to provo the illegality of tho course proposed to bo taken by tho Govorn- mont, it was only necessary to rofor to that despatch. He rcgicttod the statement that had gono forth from a Ministor of the Crown ; for a statement moro rash and reckless, so regardless of constitutional law mid doctrine, he had nevor bo foro heard from a Minister, long as ho had sat in the Parliaments of this colony. Mr. Service.-Not rash or unguardedly. Mr. Ebden,---Then ho could only regret that tho bon. Commissioner had not, by a little moro industry, ascertained what was tho law of the land, beforo ho gavo utteranco to so illegal a doctrine. Ho had regretted to hear that doo tiine supported becauso it was revolutionary. Ile had boen a general Buppoitor of the Govern- ment, nnd it was not his intention to proposo any motion which might have the effect of causing them to vactito their places, but it was his inten- tion to support the amendment of tho lion, mem- ber for East Geelong, becauso it dealt with tho first amendment not assonted to by the Council. It would bo perfectly illegul for tho Govornmont to act upon the Orders in Council, because tho despatch showod that the regulations thon ia forco wero thoso that wero to continuo in fore o until altered by tho Legislature. Tho Queen did not reservo to herself tho power of altering thom, and certainly Her Majesty did not confer such au- thority on her representative. Tho alterations of the regulation, referred to in the despatch, woro intended to meet the cases of splitters and othors thon demanding attention; but the wish was expressly stated that only thoso ex- ceptional cases should bo provided for, and that if the regulations were relaxed to any largor oxtent, thon they should bo reserved for the consideration of Her Majesty. The notices pub- lished in the Gazette, consequent upon those in- structions, f urthcrshowed the limited character of ' those regulations, and that tho Order in Council of June, 1830, could not now bo revived. It veas also true, as stated by the bon, membor for Kilmore, that ono order could not bo revived vtithout bringing up all the others ; and if the whole of thoeo Orders in Council wero revived, what then would be tho position of tho Govern- ment ? Every licensed tenant of Crown pastoral lands would bo entitled to a renewal of his leaEO, unless a fourth of his run had boon sold. But it wuB useless to pursue tho dis- cussion as to tho effect of thoso orders, for their revival veas clearly beyond the power of the Government. Ho would support the amendment, and rather than want a land bill, he would accept tho bill as it carno from tho Council in globo. Ho was in favour of doforrod payments, and tho New Zealandtr of the 7th of June last showed that in that colony tho system of lot had bech abandoned, as unworkablo, ia favour of limited auction. Ho hoped to hoar from some member of tho Government that tho course they announced last night was aban- doned. Mr. Cathie and Mr, Sinclair supported the Government. Mr, Jones took the opposite view. His feel- ings would haye led him to support the Govern- ment, but in voting against them ho felt that ho would bo sacrificing his own feelings for tho good .of. the country. If the amendments ware not ¡ carried, the bill must be lost, though, if carried, it I ï~Wcïi!d~do much good in the way of commonage) for the gold-fields and otherwise. Mr. M'Lellan thought tho time was oorno when tho head of the Government must make a. stand for the good of the country, and when tho House should support him. Tho oppression of the dairymen and others on the gold-fields by lite squatters was tyrannical and unbearable. The majority of tho pooplo of tho couutry would support the Government in this movement, even though it was colled revolutionary. It was from the gold-fields, not from among the tailors or muslin-weavers of tho purlieus of Molbourno and Collingwood, that the farmers to go upon tho land as cultivators were to bo got. If the squatters of tho other House had a spark of humanity in their breasts, they would bo happy to give way to the people who desired to sottlo on tho land. Mr. Snodgrass considered it a delusion to tell j tho unemployed that they would derive relief | from this Land Bill. Mr. Hadley hoped the hill would not be ' thrown out. Mr, Firebrace supported the amondment. Mr. Humffray regrottod that ho could not support tho Government in tho unconstitutional course ihoy proposed to take. Even if the Government could obtain the assent o£, tills ' House to such changes in tho regulations under the Ordors in Counoil as thoy might propose, of what avail would thoy bo without the assont of tho other House? It would bo better for the Government to go on with the bill, and com- promise every principio remaining in it, than I to compromise themselves as a Ministry, and ask ¡ the House to join them in it. Mr. Verdon opposed the amendment, the substantial issuo raisod by it being, that the House should dissent from tho course taken by the Government. He thought the Council's amend- ments should not bo accepted, for the timo had nnived when n stand must bo made if the Houso desired to corry a land bill. The measure before j tho House was the measure, not of the Ministry, but of the Houso, and, therefore, tho Hous.3 | Fhould stand by it. Ho would bo loth, however, to apply tho extremo íemedy indicated hy the Government, unless as a last resort; but it wai -nell that Ministers had announced that they possessed thoso poweis. Ho had no doubt it wai the opinion of tho country that the bill should bo sent back to the Upper House as it was. Mr. CARR wos exceedingly anxious to see a land bill passed, and would support the amend- ment against his own inclinations, bolieving that if tho motion were earned tho bill would bo lost or jeopardized. The bill contained powers to put up again, for sale by auction, land pre- viously so offered, it contained a récognition of deferred payments, and it provided forlimitod auction and for commonage-valuable provisions not given by tho law as it stood. Would it not have been wiser, therefore, to tako a consider- able instalment of what thoy wantod, and then j to ask for more, than to risk the rejection of the hill altogether ? Even if tho hill wero lost, there wero few members in tho Houso who would do sire to seo tho ulterior measuro resorted to. If this waa " the orisis," it would soon bo followed | by " tho crash" in constitutional matters, i£ the ' course proposed to bo taken by Ministers wore followed. Tho shaking of tho rod of tho Ordors in Council at the naughty children in the othor ' House, might produco anothor feeling there j than was intended, namely, hope. Mr. NicnoLSON read tho despatch of Lord Groy, which he held, in opposition to the hon. member for Brighton, to sustain the views of tho Government. Tho Ordor in Council was law, the despatch waa not,-and, therefore, it would I not be necessary to send home for tevisol any | regulations that might bo adopted, moro espe- cially when tho greator privileges given to the colony under the Constitution Act were oou sidorcd. Tho power was possessed-the polioy of carrying it out was another thing. Ho admittod that it was too groat a power to be given to any Uoiorumcnt, and no Government would proceed to put it in force without tho sanction of this House, at least, to the proposed regulations. The Government held out no' threat to tho other Houso-thoy desired to carry thoir Land Bill they would leave no stone unturned to do so ; but they thought it duo to tho other House and the country, not to conceal that they posscssod tho powers given by the Ordors in Council. It was said thoy should try another constitutional oourso. B ut if they dropped this Land Bill, and en- deavoured to bring about a constitutional chango of the other Houso, years must elapso, for it was not likely that a Council which refused to pass a land bill would sanction a chango of thoir own constitution, the object of which was to pass a land bill, lie could not soo how tho business of the country was to bo conducted if the Govern- ment wero neither to carry tho Land Bill nor to corry out tho Orders in Council. Ministers be- lieved thoy would yet carry the Land Bill. Mr. Johnston said ho would vote for the amendment, explaining that by talcing that course ho was doing that which was bcBt to obtain the Land Bill nearest his views. Mr. Aspinall said thoy wero aBked to take a course which practically placed it inlho hands of I nny Government to deal with tho lands of tho colony as it pleased, without reference to the wishes of tho peoplo as expressed in Pailiaraent, whether that Parliament represented manhood, Or property-contcmptiblo as some lion, members might think that clement. Somo consideration was duo to tho other House. Whatever democratic | members might say, he desirod to soo justice dono to all, whether convicted of being capi- talists or no. If tho Government of tho day had power to deal with these lands at the will of a democratic section, another Government might deal A ith them at the will of an aristocratic soo- | lion, and tho only rulo of right would bo might. Ho admitted that the present Government were entitled to moro respect than that which was likely to succeed it j but ho would trust neither, and no Government, with this power of dooling with the publie lands. Tho House ought not to , allow tho Govornmont to cover its retreat from a land bill under such a doak as this Ordor in ! Council. Tho motion made by Mr. Servico was theu put, and carried by 37 to 21. On the motion of Mr. SERVICE, a messago was sent to the Legislative Council. The House then proceeded in committee with the Law «f Propirty Amendment Bill, and a j variety of new clauses wore introduced. Mr. Gray moved tho ornUsion of clauses 63, J C4, 65, and 60, as to tho registration of mort- gages, as they introduced a novelty into the law ef real property. Tho motion was negatived hy 10 to 10. Tho bill was then reported. Tho Fitzroy Ward Improvement Bill, the Municipal Institutions Act Amendment Bill, and the Insolvent Laws Amendment Bill, wore road a third time and passed, and the Houso ad- journed. n Another such a Ministerial triumph as that of last night, and welcome Mr. Barton's revolution ! Nay, already it is a revolution. Á constitutional Ministry has deliberately declared oou ? btitutional government to be super- fluous ! It has discovered the master of Parliaments-a power which eau do what it pleases with bills. There is but one true law for Victoria, of whioh Mr. Service is the prophet, and that law is-the Orders in Counoil ! Hore is a great discovery, indeed ! Hero is a piece of revongo for thoso venerable and much-abused edicts-thoso once porten- tous regulations, whioh havo been for ten years the exercise of ali the young I patriotism of this free country 1 Tho use «£ this flcareororç instra nient-this ghost of a law, whosö ïôïïg sleep the most reokless among us have never dared to disturb-is worthy of the genius and the spirit which have conceived and carried through our pre- cious Land Bill. Yet, we cannot think that the magnanimous expedient will meet with all the success whioh is fondly hoped for it. ? And if there is one thing moro ludiorous than another in this notable policy of Ministers, it ia the gravity with which they tell us not to be frightened, though it is to be a re- volution. The revolution is to be " only "a littlo one"-just enough to pass the Land Bill-and then, huzza for tho Constitution once more! The deluge is to bo turned on that tho Ministerial pump may bo set a-playing. The little despotism is to be made as harmless a3 possible, and it is believed, indeed, that the refraotory Lords will yield even at the breath of it. Ministers have cried, Bogy ¡-but they aro good enough to tell us not to be much frightened. Thoy havo taken example of Bottom's pru- dence, in theMidamnmer Night's Dream, and they would entreat us not to tremble when we see the lion; for it is no lion, but Snug, the joiner. But the apparition, with all ifci hollow terrors, is easier raised than it is laid. In any circumstances, its use ou this occasion is to be deplored as the most egregious blunder ever made by a popular Government. The spectre sa wantonly disturbed is, like the genio in tho Arabian tale, formidable only to him who has brought it to life. It is incredible, indeed, that any Mi- nister, under our constitutional Go vernment, should dare to resort ti such an expedient to help him in his policy; and it is disgraceful to the Lower IIouso of Parliament-to the especial representatives of the people_i that they should, in effect, approve of a course which is an outrage upon all thoso principles of popular govern- ment for which we have been for years contending-chiefly against these very Oiders in Council. How muoh of the popular reprobation and contempt has been levelled at these celebrated ediots of an irresponsible power, who oan for- get who has read the constitutional his- tory of Victoria ? And we aro now asked to regard the Ordors in Council as tho palladium of our rights-as our charter of freedom, which is to enfran- chise us from tho yoko of the tyrant squatters ! To Mr. Service, who claims to ba the groat discoverer of this device to help him out of his " miserable disap " pointment," is also duo the full merit of the discovery that " there is scarcely a " single point in the Orders in Council " which is not in the present Land Bill, j; " excepting deferred payments." Under the Orders in Council, Mr. Service declares that the Government can at once give leases of land to anybody, in [ any part of the colony ; that they can sell any portion of such lands, at the upset prico, without competition; and that they can give as muoh commonago as they please round every township and gold-field in the colony. The Govornmont not only havo the power of doing this, according to the deliberate assertion of this Minister of the Crown ; but they are prepared to do it. How, then, should there be any farther diflioulty about the land question ? Having such a power in their hands, and beine» resolved to use it, how shall we charac- terize the conduct of a Government who havo taken all these gratuitous pains about a Land Bill whioh no one likes, and no one will havo ? Why should there have been any bill at all, as the astonished Assembly had a reason to ask, if the Government could do all that Mr. Service wanted, without the aid of Parliament, and by the exorcise of an inherent prerogative ? Nay, we may go farther, and ask, what need of a Parliament at all when the " question of questions" can be settlod by the Orders in Council alono ? Have we boen all this timo agitating for the repeal of these very Orders ia Council, in order that wo may take the management of the lands into our own hands, and are we now told that our only course of relief is under these Orders ? Another question is foroed upon us. How long have Ministers been aware of tho powers they possessed under the Orders in Council ? Sinco when has it dawned upon Mr. Service that a complete land bill-a land bill whioh even the Corner oould approve-lay dormant in the famous Order of J une, 1850-the object of so much ungrateful vituperation ? To what purpose has the time of the House and of the country been wasted in interminable discussions on a subject which was vir- tually settled to tho hands of Govern- ment? It is not that wo think there is any euch power in the Ordor of Council of tho 19th Juno, 1850, as that claimed by the Government. Such an interpretation of tho spirit, or even the letter, of that dooument, has not a shadow of warrant ; nor has it over been presumed to havo, beforo this oocasion roso for a violent pro sumption. As argued by Mr. Ebden, tho Order in Council cannot bo taken apart from tho despatch of Lord Grey whioh accompanies it. That despatoh clearly defines and restricts the purposos for whioh tho Order is issued, and it is mon- strous to pretend that there is any general power given by it to tho Government to deal with tho land, without referonoo to tho Constitution Aot. And Mr. Nicholson's explanation of what really is the policy of the Government in this orisis, does not tend to inspiro us with any great confidenco. Wo aro assured Ministers mean nothing olso than that they have the power, as interpreted "by themsolves, under the Order in Coun- cil ; but thoy will not uso it, for it is " too great a power to bo given to any " Government." "What, then, is tho meaning of Mr. Service's insolent throat of the night before ? What aro the " extraordinary measures" whioh aro to be used to surmount the " extraor " dinary difficulty" which has occurred? Why has Mumbo Jumbo been in- voked, if it is not intonded to use him? It is idle to say, after the speeches of Ministers-after the speeches especially of tho Ministerialists ' of the Corner-that there han been, " na " threat." ~ There is a threat, and vT, *Lk_0W ,*__ The- w.hole Mti°i and attitude of the majority in the Assura lily aro a threat to their equals and «* <rdinates, the Legislative Council- ana it is by this threat that Ministers'hons to carry their Land Bill. e The excuse that is made, with sonn degree of inconsistency, for this oourss whioh even its approvers deolare to ha' revolutionary, is, that it ia the onlo " constitutional" mode of coeroing the Counoil. The House of Lords, it \3 paid, can be made to succumb totlia popular will by a threat of new peer nges; andas there is no similar "con.. " stitutional" corrective in this country" we must threaten the squatters with the Orders in Council. The absurdity 0£ such a proposition need hardly bo pointai out. In the first place, there is nothing to show that wo have arrived at ant such constitutional crisis as to demand " extraordinary measures" to solvo it It is not proved oithor that the country wants a land bill, or that it will Uavj none but the one which pleases this Assembly. In the next, it is in the last degree absurd and unjust ti punish the squatters at largo for the polioy pursued by the Legislativa Counoil. Not moro than a half of tha latter body are interested in squatting nor has it been shown that thoso wH» are squatters have been less liberal ia dealing with the bill than tho violent demagogues of the Lower House. Bat even bclioving that it wore neoessaryfo» the Constitution to right itself b» threatening the destruction of the second pioducing interest of this colony/ it is ridioulous that it should proccel to do so in tho manner suggested hy Mr. Service-that for every squatter destroyed, "there should be a hundrol squatters created. The conduct of Ministers in tliw business is calculated to inspire a sus- picion that we are, after all. quite wron» in the direction whenco our revolu- tion is expected. A good deal has been borne by the country, out of a consideration which has been not so much positive as comparative; but there is now very little ohoioo loft to tis. The policy of Mr. Service is, indeed, a clear trespass on the domain of Barton j and it raises Mr. Q-eay se- veral inohes nearer the dignity of Minis- ter. Dor many months past the absorbing topio in mercantile circles has been the crisis-by which is meant a state of almost unprecedented depression in trade, leading to an almost chronio in- solvency, and a general impoverishment, so to speak, of the trading classsj throughout the country. It is to bo observed that at this moment the de- pression is as great, and seemingly a3 hopeless, and the insolvencies as nume íous, as they were at the commencement of the crisis. At present, therefore, t here cannot be a more intercstingsubjest of inquiry than that relating to the in- dustrial progress of the community. lu this point of view, the statistics of the îcgistrar-general aro peculiarly im- portant. In our previous remarks on these statistics, we had occasion to point out the tendencies of industry up to the year 1854. In the threo years after iho discovery of gold, all the ordinary paths of industry wero deserted by the working olasses, who almost universally went off to the mines, and those who mado money did not apply it either in manufactures or in cultivation. They entered into trade, they built houses, they established inns. On examining the occupations of the people in 1851, as compared with 1854, we find that the professional and trading classes, and indeed all classes, maintained their full latio except the pastoral and agricul- tural clnsses, whioh fell from 15 per cent, to G per cont. of the population. Then carno the great crisis of 1855, which entirely arose from the unnatural distiibution and employment of the population. The inhabitants wero, ia faot, too much congregated in towna too many were mero distributors, and too few were producers. The crisis of 1855 gave a new impetus to pro- ductive industry, and wo propose nos? to point out the immense results that havo since boon accomplished. From 1851 to 1854, the inoreaso in the num- ber of persons engaged in agriculture was from 3,953 to 6,010, while in the period ending on 29th March, 1857,the increase was from 6,610 to 24,757. The Eales of land during tho first trionnial period had been 671,000 acres. During the second period, the quantity sold was 1,281,000 aeres. At tho first period, the number of acres for each colonist was 4£ ; at the end of the second period the number of acres was 5^ per hoad. At the end of 1S58, the numbor of acres purchased by 504,519 inhabitants, was 3,042,514 acres, giving upwards of 6 acres to each individual, and the number at this moment is moro than 6£ acres per hoad. Whilo the popula- tion havo thus been acquiring land, tho progress in agriculture haa of late been BtUl moro remarkable. While, as wo formerly stated, the number of agricul- turists between 1851 and 1854 inoreasei only from 4,000 to 6,000, at a time whoa 160,000 people had arrived m tho colony, the land under cultivation fell during the same period from 52,000 to 34,000 acres. In the next porioi ot threo years, when 174,000 people ar- rived in the colony, the number of agri- culturists inorcased to 24,000, and the acres cultivated roso to 170,000. But binoe 1857, the progress has been still moro remarkable, for, on the 31st or March, 1859, tho total oxtent oE land under cultivation was 298,959 (nearly 300,000) acres. In the last year, upwards of 60,000 acres of now land wero brought under cultivation, being nearly double tho wholo quantity that was under cultivation in the yo« 1854\. It was well remarked by the lato registrar- general, Major Oampbelu, that " since the year 1854, tho progros* " of agriculture has been muoh greater « than that of population. Tho inoroaso " in 1857, as compared with 1854, was " more than 400 per cent., whilo tho ía " orease in the number of inhabitants, " according to tho consusesof those yea«, '< was 73 per cent." During the next .two yoaje^tfcp. j^uJjtfgu iuoreasod w ?per cent., but cultivation advanced ab the rate of 66 per cent. According ti. tlie statement of the present registrar general, " while the population littlo "more than doubled during the five « years 1854-9, the extent of land cul « tivated in the latter year was nearly « sixfold of that in the former year." In remarks whioh we have had occi- sión to malee upon returns of banking and public revenue, wo have pointed out that, bo far as they are tests of finanoial stability and of tho condition of the people, they demonstrate that this com- munity is in general highly prosperous. Hero again, we have independent proof of the sanio fact. It is clear that the ?productive industry of the country is making rapid progress. This result, .token in connexion with the commercial depression and chronic insolvency whioh -prevail, seems anomalous and irrecon- cilable. The inconsistency, however, is more apparent than real. The truth is, that the condition of our society, notwithstanding the crisis of 1855, continued for years to be unna- tural. 'Ihat crisis did not accomplish its work. Too large a proportion of our population remained in trade, and were mere distributors, and too few "beoamo producers. In addition to tho overcrowded ranks of trade, tho demand from the population rapidly diminished. Buring the excitement of our gold ora, the population were extravagant. The imports per head of foreign merchandize were, for a time, sevenfold the amount they had been beforo the discovery of gold. Thoy have now fallen to three times the amount. But it is a noto- rious faot that the population is noiV nearly as eoonomioal as it was beforo gold was discovered. While the im- ports, therefore, and the number of dis- tributors are comparatively undimi nished, the consumption has fallen two-thirds, probably, within a year, and the profits of trade, which ia previous years barely supported 100 persons or firms, are now insufficient for more than 30. The remaining 70 are superfluous, and oannot make profits. They aro living upon past profits, and to gave themselves from utter ruin tiny must resort to other pursuits. This wo beliovc is the true oauso of the reoont japid progress of agriculture, and of the various other branches of productive industry. It may be wise in time to apply the3e facts to the politinal question of the ï'our-the reform of our land laws. The lion. Mr. Rolfe and others bring for- rard an array of statistics to show that in past years immense quantities of pro- visions have been imported, and that -consequently it is expedient to hold oat great inducements for settlement and cultivation. But they overlook entirely the recent rapid rate of progress in cul- tivation, whioh now renders it ahmäb certain that over-production will be the next danger. From returns ia the registrar-general's report, it ap- pears that in the four colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, Tas- mania, and South Australia, the totil quantity of land under orop in tho feason of 1858-9 was upwards of oae million of acres. The returns of culti- vation in 1859-60 have not been pub- lished for any of the colonies but South Australia. In that colony, the quantity cultivated last year was 360,000 acres, "beiüg nearly 100,000 aores more than in the previous year. Should a similar xatio of increase havo taken place in the othor colonies, the total quantity of land under crop during the past year ia *ho four colonies would bo upwards of fourteen hundred thousand acres, whioh would be more than an acre per head for -the population of all the Australian «olonies, and, besides supplying the in- habitants, would yield a very largo sur- plus produce for export. As there is no txternal market for any of the agricul- tural productions at present cultivated, any surplus must cause a fall in value far below a remunerativo price, and the agricultural interest must then tuffer a depression even moro severe than that which affects the mercantile interest. This consideration should in- duce the agriculturists henceforth to turn their special attention to the pro- duction of articles suitable to foreiga rather than to the limited domestic markets. But especially it should de- monstrate to our statesmen and legis- lators that they cannot be too oautious in interfering with the natural ten- dencies of industrial progress. Thoro was again a largo attondanco in the gal- leries of the House of Assembly, lost night, of persons interested in the land question. It will lie seen from tho report that Ministers woro sustained in the courso they proposed by 37 to 24, and that it was agreed to return tho bill to tho Council, with a message insisting on tho amendments mado by the Assembly. Tho Chief Secretary had an intorviow yester- day morning with a deputation appointed at tho mooting of tho unemployed on Monday after- noon. Mr. Nicholson listened very attentively to -what they had to say respecting their griovanoeî, and expressed his opinion that thoro wero by no means so many persons out of employment as ?were represented. He also stated, that the faot that many labourers wero unemployed was due to a considerable extent to tho combinations amongst certain skilled classes, who demanded a high rato of wages, refusing to work for less. As to giving tho people who now asked tor it em- ployment, ho himself was not in a position to £ay what publio works there wero on whioh thoy could got work, but ho said that ho would com municato with Mr. Francis on the subject, and a. m ritten reply would bo sent this morning. Tho licensed victuallers of Melbourno havo succeeded in inducing Her Majesty's Customs to commence a campaign against tho sly-grog sellers ?who abound in this city. No less than 15 cases of this naturo woro brought beforo tho District Court yestorday, but only 7 woro heard, the remainder being postponed till Saturday morning noxt. Thoso adjudicated upon wero decidod as follows !-- Mrs. Milos, a boarding-houso keeper in IiOnsdalo-streot, was unod £30. J. Baptiste, on oystor-Baloon keeper in Eusscll-Btreet, was ¿ned ¿30. Messrs. Danson and Neustat, of Banker's Temperance Hotel, in Lonsdale- stroet, wero also fined £30, notico of appeal boing given. Tho caso against Harris and Kimbey, tho keepers Oil au oyster-saloon in Lonsdale-strcot, was post- poned for tho production of farthor ovidenco» and thoso against J. Soholtz, an oyster-sollor, and F. Parer, a restaurant-kcoper, woro dis- missed, as it was not proved that the accused parties had not sent to tho nearest hotol for the liquor. In tho case of H. Gaffaoy, who did not appear when callod on, n wari ant was ordered to issue, ïho engine on the melbourne and ßuburbaa Kailway ran off the rails yesterday afternoon . when going Blowly over a portion of tho line beùvç repaired on the Melbourno sido of the Punt voad. No damage whatever was done, and the trefile commenced in an hour afterwards. The will case of Shanahan v. Sicleyandoihers, in the Supreme Court, was brought to a conclu ticn yesterday. Sir William Stawell was satisfio J ! that Rochford was not of sound disposing mind when his hand was guided in the execution of th? will propounded in tho suit. So the suit was dis missed, with costs. In the course of the case it j carno out that a former will, of similar purport, was executed by Shanahan in 1858, A freah fcuit will no doubt bo founded on that. We regret to learn that tho mon lately on fctriko at Sunbury, and who had all returneJ to work, wore yesterday morning ovorawod by the turn-outs from Malmesbury, and that the sus- pension of labour is now general all along the line. TheMalmesbury turn-outs marched in a numorou i body, at an oarly hour, from that section, wit'a music, and banners bearing such mottoes at "fortnightly payments," &c;, and passod along thoiine, clearing all before thom at the Blaok Forest, Riddell's Creek, Boliuda, and Sunbury. Tbey used no force, but their appearance at tho different sections in succession was sufficient to draw away all the labourers, until, as we have already said, work was entirely suspended. The police, both mounted and foot, followed the mob, I watching thoir movements, but not inteiferiug ia | any way. At the Emerald Hill Police Court yesterday, a man named Ferdinand B. Hann, a butoher re- siding on the Hill, was fined £5 for assaulting a policeman in the execution of his duty. The constable was taking down the name of the de- fendant, with a view to summoning him for having an unharnessed cart in the street, such being an obstruction, when Hann, not approving of this proceeding, struck him a severe blow on the side of the face. Tolegraphio communication on tho Sydney line is still interrupted between Goulburn and Ber- rima. Tho storms on New South Wales side of the country havo been very sovore. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Fitzroy Municipal Council was held last night, the whola council being present. Two letters relativo to the Quarries annexation to Fitzroy «ero read, ono from the Chief Secretary, asking the counoil for an adjustment of accounts, and tho other from the Melbourne corporation, statinr that thoy had no claim against that division of the eily. Relative to a letter from tho Publie Works Department, having reference to tho grant for a Fitzroy court-house, Councillor langton statod that ho and Councillor Williams, who waited upon Mr. Francis on the subject, understood fromtb.it gentleman that the Crown Law Officers had de- cided that the Filzroy Council could not give a 1 ond of indemnity to the Government for ox ] enditure upon a privato site. It will bo romom Icicd that ¡62,000 was votod by tho Legislative Assembly, somo timo ago, for the erection of a court-house in tho Fitzroy market-square. Tho fquaro being vested in the city corporation, th.3 cifficulty has arisen. It was, howover, stated that as soon as tho Fitzroy Ward Improvement Amendment Bill had passed, all legal difficulties it ould bo removed. The quarterly reportfrom th.3 health officer was read, which commented fa t ourably upon the sanitary condition of tho dis- trict, and added that tho numbtr of cases of Ecarlatina and measles had become of late con tiderably less. A letter to Captain Pasley wa3 approved, and ordored to be forwarded, which conveyed the thanks of the council to that gon 1 le man for his uniform courtesy and attention in his official capacity to matters connected with the district. Payments amounting to £1,400 were oidered, and the resignation of tho market keeper was accepted, on certain conditions. The caso of Mrs. Mundy v. Hooper, a sum- mons for tho maintenance of an illegitimate child, which has been so frequently postponed, ii as at last heard yesterday at the District Court. It appeared by tho ovidence, that Mrs. Mundy was a married woman, whoso husband left her seven years since, to go to Ballarat, where, about rix years ago, sho heard ho had died, but she knew no moro about him. About tho time her husband left she met Mr. Hooper (who was then connected with Mao's Hotol, in Geelong, and Iho^Piineo of Wales Hotel, in Melbourno), on I board a Geelong steamboat. In tho conversation vliich ensued, Mr. Hooper offered to visit Mrs. Mundy if sho would go to livo at Collingwood. Mrs. Mundy accepted tho offer, went to live at ! Collingwood, and in due course of time a child i as bom, tho expenses of the accouchement being defrayed by Mr. Hooper. Subsequently, ind till about two) ears since, Mrs. Mundy wai in the habit of receiving raonoy, amounting to i.lottt £210s. per month, from Mr. Hooper; but i or the last 24 months sho had had to maintain her il.ild hersolf, and hence the action, The defence ? et up assumed two forms. In the first placo, Mr. Hooper said ho had been a fast man, and I believed Mrs. Mundy to bo a fast woman, and denied that ho had dono anything to iueur tho | responsibility of a child, no had mordy given money to save himself from annoyanco and Mrs. Mundy from starving. In the second place, it it tis contended that Mrs. Mundy, having a bus land living at the timo, eould not bastardize her own issue. The bench reserved their decision on this latter point till Friday next. The Theatre Royal special services do not appear to lessen in interest, as on Sunday evening last the building was again crowded, when the Rev. J. L. Pooro officiated. At the committeo meeting on Tuesday afternoon, which was largely attended by laymen of various denominations, II. W. Mortimer, Esq., in the chair, it was stated that upwards of 10,000 roli gious tracts had been freely circulated at the dcors of tho various entrances to tho theatre j during tho past sixSundajs. Tho lecturor for nxt Sunday ovenlng is tho Rev. Isaao New, of Albert-street church; and for tho following Sunday, August 5lh, the Rev. W. Byrnes, Church of England clergyman, of North Mel- bourne. A labouring man named John Wilson was taken into tho Melbourne Hospital last evening, with a fractured jaw. The account ho gavo of hiniBolf was, that ho had been knockod down by a man in Bourko-streot, and kioked, whilo down, I cn tho face. Ho stated that he was then robbol I of £4. l A new Free Presbyterian Church was opened for public worship at Pentridge last Sunday, when sermons suited to tho occasion were preachod,-in the forenoon, by the Rev. A. McVean ; in the afternoon, by the Rev. D. J. Draper ; and in the evening, by the Rev. Isaac New. Tho attondanco on each diet was good, especially in the evening, when the building was crowded in every available part, and many had to leave who could not be accommodated. The amount of £32 was collected towards liqui- dating the debt on the erection. The church is substantially built, of bluestone, without much outward ornament. The interior is well arranged, and finished in a superior style. The pulpit and precentor's desk are made of cedar, and highly polished. The pews, made of pine and capped with cedar, are stained to suit the style of roof, The church is supplied with gaspipes and fittings. There is attached a comfortable vestry, fur- nished, and a large room fitted for Sunday-school and other purposes. All the works are well oxe- cuted, and reflect the highest credit on the con- tactor, Mr. Huckson, of Melbourne. We know of no church in the vicinity of the city more com- fortable and complete. It is seated for about 250 persons, but is capable of containing a much larger number. We understand that the move- ment which accomplished this result has been characterized by unanimity and harmony among the Presbyterians, Thoy havo received no aid from the state, so that the cost of the undertak- ing has been borne ohiefly by local parties. Their conduct displays more than ordinary energy and liberality, and their example may be oom- mended to many localities in our colony. We I are further informed that they aro prepared for the support of a pastor, and that thoy ara only waiting until suitable ministers arrive fro ti i homo, whon they oxpect to havo their ecclesias- tical organization complete. Messrs. Sandstrom and Syroa were yosterday ] ccmmittod for trial at the City Court, on the j charge of having wilfully sot Aro to their pre- mises in Bourke-street east, on the night of tho j 30th instant. Dr. Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Hospital on Tuesday, on the body of Edward I liriggs, the mon who was found in a dying stite in Bourko-street on the previous day. It appears that the deceased had boon employed in taking oc- casional messages, and frequonted cab-stands, and I m as much addicted to drinking. The poat-rnortcm examination gave gangrene of tho left lung as tho causo of death ; and tho jury found a verdict accordingly. The deceased was 66 years old. Miss Virginia Buchanan mado her second ap- pearance last night as Desdemona. Tho lady is very young, evidently a novice, or nearly^so, in j her profession, and has yet acquired little more than its first olements. She appears to havo been | carefully instructed, and to bo afraid of going out of tho way of what she has-been told to do in the least degree. The disadvantages, however, under which she thus appears are qualified, to judgo from her last night's performance, by oc- casional touches of nature, which, though but imperfectly realized at present, give promise of ¡better things. Her porsonal appearance, deport- ment, and voico are much in her favour, but sho | displays in the management of the latter somo serious faults of elocution, which will require to bo un- studied, if we may use tho expression, with the samo care with which they have probably been contracted. This may seem somewhat hard advico to so young a beginner, but wo think she will find it not unprofit- able to bo followed. Mr. Buchanan's Othello is an oxcollont piece of acting, full of great merits, and marked by some equally obvious faults. That it is the result of muoh | conscientious study it is impossible to dispute, and it is clear that Mr. Buchanan is also largely indebted to moro than one of his pre- decessors in tho character. He was greatly I assissted last night by Mr. li. Younge, whoso | lago is well known for one of his best, perhaps his best impersonation. At the fall of tho cúrtala j Mr. and Miss Buchanan and Mr. Youngo woro [ summoned beforo it by a very numerous audionco. PARLIAMENTARY BUSINESS. (THIS DAY.) LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Notices op Motion and Orders of tub Day. 1\. Mr. Fraser : To ask tho lion, morubor repre- senting tho Qovorntnont Dow many willows anel children woro loft by those bravo mon who fell In the lato conflict in Now Zoi land ; and what duos tho Govornmont intond to do for | tholr futuro support? NONCE OP MOTION, 1\. Mr. Hervey : To movo Tho suspension of tho Btandlng ordor. No. 11G, in order that tlio Beech worth Waterworks Company £111 bo road a second timo on Friday. ottuuas op TIIK DAY. 1\. Frontngo System Bill.-To bo furthor conaldored in committoo. 2\. Education Bill.-Adoption of report. 8\. Gold-fields Act Amonehuont BUL-Consideration | of reasons for insisting on cluuso S. 4\. Impilsonuiont tor Dobt Abolition BUL-Ad- journed dobato on eecond roading. e. Frauds on Creditors Prévention Bill.-To bo f\ir thor considered hi committee. MEETING op Seleot Coiuuttbb. Congratulatory address to tho do vernor-at S o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Notices or Motion and Oodbos op the Day. 1\. Mr. Embling : To call tho attontlon of the Go- vernment to tho progress of the measures rolatlvo to the Exploration Expedition, and to ask (1.) If tbo Government, does not doom It an absoluto necessity that a legally- qualified modlcal man should accompany the party ; and if so, will tlio Govornmont undertake that au officer of this description shall go with the expedition ? (2.) It tho Govcriiinont, recognizing the sovorltios of hardship and peril to bo oncouutorod. will insist that, as in enlistments into tho army, so in this casa, the proposed members of tho oxplorlng party shall ho submitted to a careful oxamlniitlon, and bo medi- cally cortillcd of their physical qualifications for tholr dutloä? (8). If tho Govornmont (the Exploration Commtttao being greatly divided on tho subject) purpose accept- ing Oooper's Crook as tho point or doparturo, or If tho Govornmont intend seeking furthor guidance tlioio upon from sources independent (If it should appoir expédient) of the Eoyal Society, several points of da puiluro having boon canvassed, and ono, Port Augusta, having only boon rtjootod by a majority of tno votes in tho commlttoo? and whether the Govern- ment will lay tho papers connoctod with this subjoct, f.nd also thoso referring to the importation of tho camols, on tho tablo of tho House at as early a day as poSBiblo ? 2\. Mr. Andotson : To ask the hon. the Treasurer If it is tho Intention of tho Govornmont to put the batteries at Emerald Ulli and Williamstown Into au efficient state ; and, If so, whon ? 8\. Mr. Euibllng : To ask tho lion, the Treasurer When tlio balan.'O of tho grant in aid for tho cur- rent year will bo p del to the various munlolpalltioä throughout the oniony ? NOTICES OP MOTION. 1\. Mr. Don : To movo That tho prayer of tho petition of tho workmen oin ployed on the Malmesbury section of tho Mclbourno and Mount Aloxanelor Hallway bo now takon Into consideration. That in tlio opinion of this Bouso tho Commissioner of Public Works should assent to the prayer of tho petitioners, und rcqulro the contractors for that railway to pay tho workinon at poriods not moro distant than fortnightly. 2\. Mr. Barton : To movo For copies of the correspondence) botwoon tho do portuiont of tho curator of intestate estates and tho representatives, in England orolsowhoro, of Cathorino Blusón, deceased, respecting the intostato estato of tho said Cathoiino unison ; also, for a roturu of tho monoys roccivod and paid by tho said curator on ac- count of Cathorino Ilinson, specifying from whom, on what account, und at what date each Horn was re- ceived, and to whom, on what account, and at what date each item was paid ; also specifying tho rebato (If any) allowed iu oach caso of payment by the curator to each creditor, mid whothor such rebato has been placed to tho credit of tho ostato. Also, lora return of tho amount of rout received by tbo curator of intostato ostatos from tho roal pro- perty of Sunuol Hobort Kelly, lato of Collingwood, deceased, specifying tho amount received, tho names of tho tenants from whomrecolvod, and tho date when duo, tho marmor in which suoh rents have boen ap- plied, and specifying whether such tomuits, or any other tenante, hold, or stiU hold, under loasosor agree- ments with tho docotsod, with tho curator of Intos- tato ostatos, or otherwise, specifying with whom and for what rent ; also, the amount of femoral exponaos of tho docoasod Koliy, to whom and to whatoxtent paid. 3\. Mr. Lock : To movo That tho IIouso will resolvo Itself Into a commlttoo of tho whole, for tho purpose of considering the revised progross roport of tho Joint Library Com- mlttoo. 4\. Dr. Thomson : To movo For a roturn showing tho working exponaos of tho Victorian Itali ways for tbo last 12 months, including nialtitonanco, locomotivo repairs and exponaos, fuel, stores, station oxponsos, and any othor incidental ex- pense attending the working of the Uno. 6\. Mr. Uoalos : To movo That the report of the select committco on the licensed Publicans Acts bo now takon into considera- tion. 0\. Mr. Hoaloä : To movo That, In tho opinion of this House, the law relating to tho offlco and d utios of the sheriff of Victoria should ho altorcd, to Includo the recommendations contained hi tho roport of tho solcct commlttoo on the adminis- tration and working of tho civil branch of the shoruTs department ; and that tho Govornmont bo requested to bring in a bill to effect suoh alteration. 7\. Mr. neales : To move That, in the opinion of this Houso, the syitom ot the fitato employing salnrleil sheriffs offlcors should bo abolished, for lho purpose of instituting a Bystom Uko that now In force) in London, by which the officers shall bo paid by feos fixed by tho court. 8\. Mr. Nlcholion : Va move That a solcct committco bo appointed for the pur paso of preparing au address of congratulation to Hil jixcellenoy tho Governor on his marriage with tho daughter of the commandor of the forces ; such com- mittee to consist of Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Ebdon, Mr. neales, Mr. Andorson, Mr. Clrceves, Mr. Martloy, and tho mover. . 9\. Mr. Verdon : To movo That tho correspondence relating to tho resignation ol Mr. Ward bo prlntod. 10\. Mr. Mollison : To move That the prayor of a petition prcsentod on tho Sith hist, from tho president tend commlttoo of tim Port Phillp Farmer«' Socloty, bo now takon Into con- sideration ; end that tho IIouso do resolve that, as th J approaching close of tho session prevents the appllov tion of a sultmblo remedy hy legislativo onactenont, tho Executive Govornmetit should take prompt mea- sures to arrest tho spread of tho disease tliorolu ra forreel to. li. Mr. M'Lellan : To movo That tho Houso will, to-morrow, rosolvo Itsolf into «i comniittoo of the whole, for tho purpdso of consi- dering tho host means ot relieving the iniuors, diiry uioii, 'and otlwra resident on tho Ararat gold-Qold, from tho hirah and arbitrary conduct of tho squatter of that district, iii impounding their horsos and1 cattle, and otherwise subjecting thom to all manaor of annoyances ; and also for dovlslng tho best and most Immediate pim of glvh g commonago to tho gold- fields. ' ' ORDER OP TUB DAY. 1\. Brown's Dlgiing».- Resolution to bo consldor'od' in commlttoo. Mbiitinoô op Select Committees. Yan Yean Water Supply-at 12 o'clock. Yan Yean Purification-at 2 o'clock. Lunatic Asylum-at 2 o'clock. 