A LEGEND OF TANNA. [NEW HEBRIDES.] BY HENRY KENDALL. THERE is very little in the shape of plot in this Legend, it runs sim- ply thus:--There was a feud existing between two tribes on the island, the one,--of which Deloya was chief--inhabiting the moun- tains; the other, headed by Melanda, dwelling on the plain. In the course of their wars, Melanda--who cherished a private enmity towards Deloya--stole one night into that chieftain's camp while he was absent, and murdered his three sons in their sleep. There were several battles fought afterwards between the rival families, but, Deloya failing to meet his chief enemy in those general en- gagements, became exasperated, and resolved to seek him alone. The Poem tells the rest. Tanna is remarkable for its volcano and boiling springs, some of which, I believe, are held in reverence by the natives. My meaning will, therefore, be understood, where I make mention of the flame- sheeted mountain--and time-honoured fountain in the poem. The wind thro' the forest was mournfully sighing, The echoes were stealing the ravines among; And the voices of billows and surges replying, Came over the vista, the valley along. The birds on the branches were silently sleeping, For daylight had fled from the face of the west: And the moon, o'er the mountain-peaks timidly creeping, Was clothing with silver Earth's slumbering breast. Who stood at that hour on the ridges of Tanna, With his eyes on a fire that was blazing below? Who call'd on Melanda, the son of Alkanna, And dar'd to the combat the terrible foe? The chief was the mighty, the dreaded Deloya, Whose echoes for vengeance were sweeping around:-- Three days had he searched for his children's destroyer, Three nights--till the son of Alkanna was found. Beneath in the valley that led to the water, With a spear by his side, and the mat on his breast; The foe that he hunted, fatigued with the slaughter, Had sought on his pillow, for slumber and rest. "Revenge" were the words on the lips of Deloya, As he stole thro' the woods in the strength of his ire; "Revenge on Melanda, my children's destroyer, Revenge and the curse of an heart-broken sire. "Come forward, thou coward, the moonlight is gleaming,-- The ghosts of the murder'd envelop'd in flame, Are flitting where Heaven and Nature are dreaming, And calling aloud on the breezes thy name. "By the flame that encircles the brow of the mountain; By the fires that are burning away at its heart; By the waters that spring from the mouth of the fountain, Till I meet thee--from hence I shall never depart. "Too long in the tents of my tribe I have waited, Too long--and will wait for thy coming no more; Now rise from thy slumber--the thirst must be sated, The thirst now consuming my heart to its core. "I care not for life when my idols are sleeping: I care not for death when my children are slain; I care but to meet thee-- the spirits are weeping, And shrieking for vengeance o'er mountain and plain. "Come forth till I strike at thee--curs'd by my fathers, And damn'd by the fire of their glances below:-- I am waiting, thou coward--the tempest-wind gathers, My arm is impatient to cope with a foe. "Melanda! Melanda! the night-dews are falling, They weep on the spot where thy body shall lie; Melanda! Melanda! Deloya is calling; Arise thee, Alkanna! awaken to die!" "Who calls on Melanda? what voice from the mountain, Re-echoes all over the breadth of the plain? By the light and the glitter that kisses the fountain, That summons shall never come hither in vain. "Who calls on Melanda, the son of Alkanna? Who drowns with his whooping the roar of the foam? By the waters that wash round the beaches of Tanna, Melanda is ready; Deloya, I come!" The chief as he shouted arose from his pillow, And listen'd awhile with his face to the ground; As over the wind, and the wail of the billow, Came louder and louder the terrible souud. "Melanda! Melanda! the night-dews are falling, They weep on the spot where thy body shall lie; Melanda! Melanda! Deloya is calling; Arise thee, Alkanna!--awaken to die." The flames of the camp fire were flickering cheerless, The winds flitted up with a saddening moan; But the heart in the breast of Melanda was fearless, As over the ravine he hurried alone. Beneath the blue midnight, Deloya advancing, Strode under the rocks to the verge of the stream; Where the moon on the ripple was merrily dancing, And bathing its face in the glittering gleam. By the skirt of the valley Melanda came striding To where the fierce chief by the rivulet stood; With his eyes on the shade that was rapidly gliding, Across the dense maze of the slumbering wood. In silence they met--but the silence was broken, The lips of Deloya were open'd again; And the breezes bore onward the words that were spoken, Along the wide face of the desolate plain. "At last have I found thee!--Melanda was sleeping Too sound in the depths of the valley below To listen to voices were wailing and weeping,-- To dream of the ire--or the arm of foe. "At last have I found thee!--look round on the water, Look down on the breast of the silvery flood: By the spear in my hand that is thirsting for slaughter, That river shall redden to-night with thy blood. "The women that sit in the tents of Alkanna, Will watch and will wait for thy coming in vain; For I swear by the souls of the fathers of Tanna, They never will welcome thee homeward again." 'Twas silence again--and Melanda undaunted, Returning the chieftain his terrible stare; Stepp'd back where the footing was firmest beneath him, And lifted his weapon up high in the air. "I have listened"--he said--"to the words of Deloya; I have look'd on the stream in the glittering light; I havd heard from the mouth of the grey-headed father, Melanda shall fall in the battle to-night. "Is the arm and the spear of the lord of the mountain So potent--that fated Alkanna must die? By the mist that encircles the time-honoured fountain, This weapon I hold--it shall venture to try." It flew from his grasp and the gloomy Deloya-- Whose lance had already escap'd from his hand-- Felt enter his bosom the edge, as he stagger'd, And heavily fell with his face to the sand. The spear of Deloya thro' darkness came speeding,-- The breast of Melanda encounter'd the dart; And the chief of Alkanna fell lifeless and bleeding, The point of the weapon transfixing his heart. "This vengeance is sweet"--said the dying Delora, As he crawl'd and look'd into the face of the slain:-- Then fainting he sunk on his children's destroyer, And drew a deep breath--and was silent again. The shades from the ridges were rapidly flying, The light of the morning was creeping beneath; And sadly it fell where the chieftains were lying, All bloody and grim in the slumber of death. There was wailing that moon on the mountains of Tanna; There were echoes below on the plain and the shore; As the women wept over the grove of Melanda And mourn'd that Deloya was living no more. The dews of the midnight are falling and weeping Above the dark face of the desolate glade, Where the mighty Deloya is silently sleeping,-- Where the bones of the son of Alkanna are laid. MURDER BY MORPHIA.--A Mr. J. Lewis parted from a friend near All Souls Church, Langham-place, at a quarter-past eleven at night, to walk to his home in Ar- lington-street, Camden Town. The distance is about a mile. He did not arrive until twenty minutes to one. Entering with his own latch key, he complained of ill- ness, lay down, and died. A post mortem examination shewed that he had been dosed with morphia, and sub- jected to personal violence. He had been robbed of a large sum of money. A Coroner's Jury has found a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown.--Watchman. 