WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 25, 1860. In tho [Legislativo Assembly yesterday, after tho ordinary introductory business of the House had bcon disposed of, The CHIEF SECRETARY, in reply to a question put by Mr. Duffy as to tho order in which tho Government proposed to deal with the Land Bill and Estimates, said that the Government desired to take the Estimates that ovening, and to continue their consideration as frequently as possible until thoy had boen passed. As soon as that was effected, the Government would give the Land Bill precedence) of every other question, Mr. DUJJFY urged that it was distinctly under- stood that tho Land Bill should bo committed that night, and that the country did not cxpoot that tho Bill was to ho postponed until the Esti- mates had been passed. He did not tlony tho necessity of having the Estimates passed, but.» portion of tho wcok might bo dovoted to thom. Mr. M'OULLOCH assured the Houso that tho Government had no desiro to shelve the Land Bill, but it was actually necessary that tho Esti- mates should bo passed, as tho Government, could not draw any money until the Appropria- tion Bill had boon passed. ? Tho question for the moment dropped, but after a short interval occupied by the presenta- tion of some notices of motion and business of a formal nature, the subject was ro-introducod, upon Mr. M'Gulloch moving that tho resolutions previously passed in the Committee of Hupply should bo reported. Mr. LOADER declared himself surprised at the proposal of the Government to givo tho Estimates precodonco. Ho thought, under tho circumstance«, that the House would almost bo justified in refusing to consider tho Estimates until tho Government had made somo arrange- ment with regard to the Land Bill. If the Mi- nistry would appoint a portion of the wock for the consideration of the Bill, he had no objection to vote a lump sum to enable the Government to meet thoir expenditure. Mr. NICHOLSON reminded tho IIouso that thcro was an absolute necessity of meeting some demands before the let prox., and stated that tho Ministers had incurred porsonal responsibility in order to moot tho expenditure of the country. The sludge nuisance at Sandhurst was increas- ing, and must bo immediately arrested, and the Government hod no money. Mr. DUÏFY contondod that tho Estimâtes and the Land Bill ought to bo takon pan pontt, one day to bo appropriated to tho former and ono to the latter. The Ministers themselves had not exhibited any great nlncrity in pushing on tho Estimates, as the long adjournments which had recently takon place sufficiently proved. Mr. M'CuXLOCU was as anxious as any othor member that tho Land Bill should notbo delayed, hut thcro was an absoluto necessity that tho Go verninent should havo the Estimates passed, and thoro was no such pressing nocessity for the im- mediate consideration of tho Land Bill. Mr. PRENDERGAST differed from tho previous speaker as to tho urgency of tho settlement of the Land question. Ho believed that tho unsatisfactory state of the commercial world would bo continued until a settlement of that question had been effected. Mr. GRAY pressed the Government for au answer to tho proposition to dovote part of the week to tho Estimates and part to the Land Bill. If tho Government attached as much impórtanos to tho latter as originally thoy proposed to do, thoy would allow it to take precedonco. Possibly, however, oircumstanocshad developed thomselvo3 in connection with tho Land Bill that had created a division in tho Ministerial ranks. So much was reported out of doors, and it npponred to bo con- firmed by tho course which the Ministry followed when, for the first time, they wore to have ex- pressed definitively their opinion upon tho points of tho Bill. Tho speaker concluded by hinting that the Government had been induced to delay tho consideration of the Land Bill by the hostile attitude of the Legislativo Council. Mr. SNODCRASS, in refcrenco to a remark made by Mr. Gray as to his readiness to vote a lump sum to tho Government, romindod hint that the Government could not expend it until it had nppoarod in the Appropriation Act, . Mr. ANDERSON remembered tho last speaker proposing and carrying a motion to stop tho sup- plies until the Governmontofthoday(Mr. O'SHA- NASSY'») had given their opinion on the Land quoution. After a few romarks from Mr. WOODS, Mr. PVKIS twitted Mr. Gray with employing ohjcctionablo language, and admonished him that " suspicion haunts the guilty mind." Personally, ho had no objection to one of tho Government nights being appropriated to tho discussion of tho Land Bill. Ho, howovcr, challenged the Oppo- sition, if it were their opinion that the Estímalos < should not bo considered, to declaro as muoh. If lion, members would peifist in proceeding I w ¡th tho business of tho country as if it wera merely that of a parish, the Estimates would not bo got through in two years. j Mr. HOOD and Mr. DON speko against tho proposal to give precedence to the Estimates. I Mr. IlKAl.KS rallied tho Opposition upon their inconsistency. One moment they protested »gainst tho extravagance of tho Government and the next proposed to onablo it to p-rpctrato any amount of oxtravaganoo by voting a lump-sum of money, and thus surren- dering the Parliamentary right of checking th.3 public expenditure. This question did not affect i tho Ministry ; it might not bo in oxistonco one month, but any ne« Ministry would bo in th° same awkward position as tho present if tho Estimates wore not proceeded with. Mr. SERVICE condemned tho observations made by the hon. member for Rodney as ungenerous, and calculated to 'cvoko a combativo spirit on the part of others which would be prejudicial to tho interests of tho country. Tho Government had shown erory disposition to bo frank and open. They had not receded from any position. 1 tlioy had occupied, and did not intend to do so. I Ile hiniBolf was chafing to get to the Land Bill, and would suggest to tho Houso to dei oto the , Thursday nights to its consideration. The discussion was continued to a great length, Ultimately the motion to rcpoit tho lesolutioas was carried without a division. Tho item of £2,000 for grants to libraries ¡n i the interior was ordered to bo recommitted, and j tho Houso went into a Committeo of Supply. A number of amendments wore moved, and ¡ eventually, upon the motion of Mr. Grant, it ] na» determined that no district within 10 mitt» j of Melbourne should be entitled to participate i ihogr.int, Tho sum of £200 for tile Quoen's f Flato was struck out, the majority against tho I retention of the item being 20. I A protracted and exceedingly discursivo do bato followed the proposal to voto the salaries of tho chief clerks (criminal and civil), the itoms I appearing undor the head of tbo Attornoy-Ge- j nernl's department. Various mombers discussed tho propriety, or otherwiso, of the course pur- j sued by tho Government in dispensing with tho | soi \ ices of Messrs. Chambers and Hanify,-the i partisans of the late Ministry questioning I the piobability of any real saving being effected I by theso ohanges, and tho supporters of the I Oo\ ernmont justifying the alterations as a genuine j retrenchment. No alteration was mado in the Estimates. The Sheriff's salary (£1,500) was reduced to £1,200. Mr. Heales moved tho reduction, and , a majority of 35 to 17 affirmed it. Attempts v, ero made to effect a primary saving by reducing other salaries, but without success. Tho Houso having resumed, tho whole question relative to proceeding nt once with the Land Bill , tvns reopened, upon tho motion to postpone tho j ordor of tho day for committing tho Bill to Tuos tlay. A division took place, and the Government obtained a majority of 15 in a HOUBO of 39, I Two privato Bills wore referred to Select Com- mittees ; and some business upon the notice paper of an unimportant nature having boon joncludod, Mr. Snodgrass's motion for identifying tho electoral roll for the current yoar with that 3f 1859, with the addition of the quarterly re- turns, was carried. The House then adjourned until Wednesday. Tho meeting at Hockin's Hotel on Monday night has thrown little light on the land policy of Mr. WILSON GRAY an'd his friends. The spread of insol- vency and the chapter of accidents would appear to ho the two main grounds of hope to the ghost of the Con- vention. A convulsive effort is bein* made to put the old dead sham once more upon its legs. Mr. WILSON GRAV is the head resurrectionist Mr. LOADER is waiting for the lucky accident which is to leave an empty place on the Ministerial Benches. Mr. DON has faith in the squeezable properties of the Ministry. To the great question of what shall he done with the squatters' stock, Mr. DON is prepared with an answer which may rival that famous one of Mr. TOOTS. " Cook 'em," was Mr. TOOTS' suggestion, as to our " raw ma " terial;" "send'em to free grass," cries DON. For the squatters themselves, Mr. DON has prepared a little plan, which must bo admitted to he as simple in idea as in execution They are to be driven out into the "interminable " deserts between Victoria and Oapo " York." They are to have no rest till they have passed the Murray, and they are to leave their stook behind them, that the country may not bo wanting in meat. By a desperate resort to Insol- vent Courts, Official Assignees, and "other trickeries of their trade," the squatters may attempt a resístanos, but the public pressure will not b3 withstood. To Capo York must the [squatters go, or else the Convention will 'go to Now Caledonia. Then there is Mr. FOSTER, with a mouth full of Scripture, who holds that the preamble of the new Bill is Godlike, ?while its clauses are Mammon. Him nothing will satisfy but the opening up of the wholo unsold lands of the colony for seleotion-" and the sooner the beat " lands aro taken, the better." Mr. Sr. QUENTIN, another of the speakers, warns the people to pay no attention to the traders who live upon the squatters (a kind of food which should earn favour fur the traders), hut to "keep " a single eye on the prosperity of the colony." In the spirit of this eminently practical suggestion, Mr. LTiliDitETH recommends the people to turn sheep farmers themselves, " and the squatters " would soon go to other countries more " fitted for them." Where such valuable lessons in poli- tical economy were to be obtained by any promisouous visitor to Hookin's Hotel, it must be confessed that the Chairman was justified in making an appeal to the liberality of those pro bent. It was gracefully intimated Íhat the question was one "which ' affected the people altogether," tnd that a few parties ought not to io left to bear the whole burdon, n a time of commercial depression, it eed not surprise us that even so groat movement as this is compelled to send ound the hat before the audience should ave gone away with all the -wisdom repared for them. We havo only ,o express a hope that tho subscriptions ero as liberal as might havo been ex- acted, in order that Mr. Wicsof HAY'S party may be in a position to IVRÍI themselves of any accidents that ay occur. The general tenor of the resolutions passed by the meeting are, however, full of hope for the NIOITOLSON Admi- nistration. Mr. WILSON GRAY, with a rare magnanimity, is disposed to deal gently with the Government The holders of oflice are to be allowed a time and a place for repentance. Even their Land Bill is declared to contain many principles of great value, " if thoso " principles are made good by certain ne " cessaryamendments,which thismeeting " has no grounds for presuming that " the present Ministry aro disposed to " resist." In this ominous and most oracular reservation we aro deeply into resiea. we tremble at the idea that something has been proposed by Mr. NICHOLSON which meets the approval of Mr. CREWS. It is time for alarm whoa the Government is praised by the Con- vention. Is it a calumny or a compli- ment that is levelled at Ministers? Mr. NICHOLSON cannot be ignorant of how fatal to him is the confi- dence of Mr. DON. TO have deserved the favourable opinion of Messrs. HILDRETH, TOPE, and COTTER, tho Ad- ministration has descended lower thin even its enemies bad imagined ; and it is not impertinent to ask upon whose sup- port tho Government rely to carry their Land Bill ?-" Under which king, Bo zonian,speak,or die?" Let us know, with- out disguise, whether this is a Convention- ist measure, and how far Mr. NICHOLSON hasgivenocoasionforthe confidence whioh has been oxprcssed in his squeezability. The country ought to be under no mis- take on a point so essential. The favourable notice of a Conventionist meeting is not to be earned without ¡some coat, and the publio will have a I right to be jealous of a Land Bill , which is considered of great value h 1he extremo in opinion, and in oharai' 1er. ao" The three Bills introduced by Mr . FELLOWS for improving, tho hw 0f ro[j property and the systom of conveyance have been printed, and the motion for their second reading comes on for dise u J sion this day in the Legislative Council On a former occasion, Mr. PBLLOWJ ttated that his Bills would bo roundel on the plan of those prepared bv Sir HUGH CAIRNS, the English Solicitor! General; but in moving for leave to bring thom m ho mentioned that his Bill to simplify the title to landed estates-and we presume that for esti bushing a registry of estates-was verv amilar to the "Torrons" Act 0f .South Australia, as adapted for this colony, introduced by Mr. COPPIN, and lead a second time on tho previous day. The only difference ho speoified between his plan and that of Mr. Toa KENS, was, that " instead of submittin» "titles to a non-professional gentío" "man, . . . they would be sab " mitted to the Supreme Court, though ?" not in a litigious manner." ° If this is the only reason why tho country has bean put to tho serious \ei penso of preparing and printing three . long Bills, wo must say that it reflecta little credit upon the Law Department. Tt is utterly incorrect to say that title* in South Australia are submitted ti non-professional gentlemon alono. Oa reference to tho Torrens Act it will u3 found that tho GOVERNOR is empowered to appoint two persons, not boing legal practitioners, who, along with the R-. gistrar-Goneral, shall investigate and deal with claims for bringing land under the provisions of the Aot, but by the thirteenth oíanse these Com missioners are ompowered to appoint tiro legal practitioners to be their solioitori and permanent counsel. So far, there fore, from its being correot that titles are not submitted to a professional gea tleman, two permanent counsel have "been appointed for this duty. The only diiferenco in this respect botween ths two systems, in fact, is, that in South Australia the lawyer is subordinate to the layman. In Victoria, Mr. FELLOWS wishes the lawyer to bo master of all, and no layman to interfere. In the South Australian Aot, it was the declared intention of Mr. TOIIREÍÍS that the system to be established should enable private persons to transfer their property from one to another without legal aid, just as they would any article of merchandise ; but, on the most cur- sory glance of the Victorian Bills, it will be evident that the intention of the framer has been to make the legal prac- titioner indispensable at every stop. Ac- cording to the South Australian ,plan, the Lands Titles Commissioners are entirely independent of the Supreme Court. Indeed, they do not aot judi- cially, but an appeal lies to the Supreme Court in regard to their proceedings. According to the scheme of Mr. FEL- LOWS, the registrar is merely the servant of the Supremo Court. Everything is t9 be done by tho Court; and, of course, the wholo business before the Court must bo done through a lawyer. So sacred were the privileges of the legal profession to be considered, that in the Bill as laid hefore Parliament, it was required that the witnesses to the execution of certain deeds should ho attorneys. In the copy of the Bill now before us, this proviso, with laudable prudence, has boon struck out. The Legislativo Council havo au im- portant duty to perform in reference to these Bills, and wo aro extremely anxious that the members should prove themselves equal'to the occasion. They aro probably by this time well aware o£ the estimate that has been formed of them by the country generally, They are considered vory well meaning, and very respectable, but averse to form an opinion of their own, and very apt to ba led away or astray by those who take the trouble to think for thom. Now, the lawyers of the Houso aro fond of thinking, and still fonder of leading, or, possibly, misleading; and on the present occasion there is no doubt that-every available means will bo put in praotioa to get the popular and successful Act of Mr. TORRENS superseded' either by Mr. FELLOWS' three Bills or by Mr. BENNETT'S Bill, for no less than four lawyers' Bills aro now pushed forward. Let the lay members beware of tha lawyers' manouvres. Doubtless the lawyers in the Upper Houso are highly respectable, but every one knows the in- fluence of self-interest in even uncon Bciously warping tho judgment; and the present is a casa in which, with all due reverence, ' their judgment is not to be trustod. "'It is so far fortunato that, against suoh a formidablo body the -weapons available for tho contest «re unusually powerful. "On tho one hand, with hil the prestige of superior knowledge, tho lawyers despiso tho Act of Mr. TORRENS, a moro layman) and thoy allege that the measure of tho Solicitor-General 'of England ,musb necessarily'bo superior. An humble member of the Legislativo Council, honourable though he be, must be con- founded arid put to silence by suoh an argument. 'But it so happons that Sir HUGH CAIRNS'« measure is still a theory. It has not becomo law, and 1 lins nowhere undergone the test of ex- periment. On the other hand, Mr. Toit MENs's Act has boo n in actual praotioo for more than oightoen months ia mi Australian colony, and has beca triumphantly successful. Nay, mor J, it has undergone the critical examina- tion of distinguished legal men in Eng- land, and has boon pronounced^ in every uapect, where it differs, superior to the plan of Sir lltíoii CATRNS. Weare in- debted to » South Australian newspaper: f >r the perusal of a number of extraoti . ?ii this subject from the English Law Magazine- and Law Review. ,ïhoy îorm part of an elaborate notice of the» t.ew South Australian system^ Tha fi'St extract compares the proceedings in England with those in the colony: " Whilst in England wo oro holding doba'o, ».iking rcpoits, sketching Bills, and altering Ihcm ajcaiii rvml ngaiu, in tho imbecility of doubtj iiiiU.uucortaiúly, our hrethion in tho provinceoC f'puth AW mila luve oonsklcrod'tlioroutrhly w>4 successfully «on4uercd their nualoROU^diluoiutie* yrilh respect to t'trtfl» to'land, »nd it yilLjwiiirnJ-f resting to consider how this has been accom- plished." The second gives some account ou Mr. TORRENS : , " It happened that in this provinco Mr. R. B. Torrens, a man of romarkablo talent and onergy, -"id of comprehensivo grasp of mind, had do "olcd his thought to the subject in question. Ho tells us that twenty-two years ago his atten- tion was painfully drawn to the grievous injury .i id injustice inflicted undor the English law of ical property, by the misery and ruin which feli «non a relation who was drawn into tho mael- strom of tho Court of Chancery, and that he then resolved some day to strike a blow at the system.1 This gentleman had not rccoived a. legal education; but, after having boon em- ployed in tho Customs service for seventeen years, ho was in tho year 1853 appointed Ke gistrar-General of Deeds in the oolony, and thus had an opportunity of gaining an in- sight into the detaiU of conveyancing, in ad- dition to his knowledge of the law of shipping, with which his earlier duties had already made him familiar. In right of his office, lio had a sont in tho Legislature, but for a time ho refrained from introducing his plans, not deeming himself Bufficiontly strong to carry them through. It was not until ho was called upon by tho citizens of Adelaide to repre- sent them in tho first Parliament undor the new Constitution that Mr. Torrens brought his views under the notico of tho Legislature. On the 4th, Juno, 1837, a Bill omhodying thoso views was introduced by him and read a first timo. Tb.,3 second reading was carried without division ; and tho third, notwithstanding the strenuous opposi- tion of the Government of tho province, was Carried by a considerable majority. Tho moasuro passed tho Legislativo Council, and on the 27th January, 1858, was assented to by tho Govornor in-Chief, on behalf of Her Majesty, and thus Locarno law." The following is most valuablo, as it iñves a distinot opinion upon tho Torrens Act: " Such, then, is tho system, and such tha result of tho system, introduced into the pro- vinco of South Australia. Tho English Registra- tion Commissioners of 1857 stated tho object o£ their inquiry to bo'-'' By what moans, con- sistently with the preservation of existing rights, can wo now obtain such a system of registration, as will enable ownors to deal with land in as simple and easy a maiinor-as far as title is concorned, and the differonco in the nature of tho subject matter may allow-as they can now doal with luoveablo chattels or stock? Mr. Torrens deolaros that ' this is no longer a problem for solution ; it is a realised fact.' Tho South Aus tralian Legislature has provided means of escapo from tho grievous yoko of the English property law, and tho colonists are rapidly availing them- selves of those moans.' . . . " Those to whom tho preparation of a measure lor tho reform of our own convoyanoing system may bo entrusted would, we boliovo, dorive much benefit from tho careful study of the South Australian Boal Property Act. In many respects, indeed, it might bo usefully followed ; for, though defectivo in a few minor points, and occasionally obscuro in its languago, it is, takon as a wholo, far more accurate and complete than any measure of a similar kind hitherto proposed by tho lawyors of England." Backed by such distinguished opinions, we earnestly trust that the laymen of our Legislature will imitate the self-relianoo of the South Austra- lians, and deal with the measures before them upon their merits alone, and independent alike of legal or of Government influonoo. It is quite possible that Mr. FELLOWS or Mr. BENNETT may be able to suggest amend- ments in Committee on the Torrens Act introducod by Mr. COPPIN. These may bo gladly and thankfully received ; but wo trust the Upper House will never «onsent to abandon the principles they havo already affirmed, by agreoing to a ¡second reading of the four lecal Bills. We havo received 10a. from " Amicus," for the widow of the Rev. Olios. Hodgo, which, together with £3 proviously received, havo boon forwarded to the manager of the London Chartered Bank. Sydney papers to January 21 have been re- ceived, but thoy contain no intelligence of im- portance not anticipated by telegraph. Election speeches occupy a largo portion of tho papers to hand. An necident happenedîyestorday afternoon, on tho Ilawthorno-road, to a man named Theodore Sohóler, ii German. Ho was employed carting it ood into town, and had a rathor spirited horse in tho dray. Tho animal took fright at some- thing in tho road and suddenly started off at a gallop, when Schüler was thrown from tho vehiolo and ono of tho wheels passed over his right log, which was sovoroly fractured. Ho was Bhortly iifterwurds convoyed to the Melbourne Hospital, Tho Church of England Assembly sat yester- day for upwards of three hours. Leavo wa1* given to tho liuv. Mr. Wilson to bring in a Bill for the establishment of a Contrai or Diocesan I llcgistry of Births, Marriages, and Burials. Tno ltov. Mr. Chaso'B Bill for authorising tho re- moval of incumbents in certain cases, was rood :i second timo, after an animated discussion, an 1 «emmitted. Tho Assembly adjourned ata quarter 1 ast 6, till this day, at 3 o'clock p.m. Tho election of a member to ropresent Bourke Ward in tho Oity Council, in the placo of Mr. John Thomas Smith, recently elected alderman, took placo yesterday, at the Fitzroy Hotel, King street. The occasion was devoid of any interest ; ii ero being no opposition made to the nomina- tion of Mr. John Harbison, who was thorofor J t'cclarcd duly elected. The election of four Councillors to fill the vacancies in tho Municipal Council of East Col- lingwood, caused by the retirement of Councillors Copo, Greenwood, Houghton, and Hood, was hold yosrorday, in front of the Polico Court, East Collingwood, and, us will bo seen by tho following return, the retiring Councillors woro re-oleotud. Tho now candidates for municipal honours worn ¡Messrs Groom, Norton, and Owens. For tho seat vacated by Mr. Hood, tho votes recorded wero:-Hood, üüS; Groom, 110 ¡ Copo, 70 , j Houghton 17. For Councillor Greenwood's scat:-Grconwood, 261; Copo, 122; Groom, 92; ¡ -Norton, 10. l'or Councillor Houghton's seat :-> Houghton, 250; Groom, 137; Cope, 85. For the seat vacated by Councillor Cope :-Cope, I 281); Owon,237. Numbera at the head of th) ?poll :-Cope, 289 ; Greenwood, 201; Houghton, 250 ; Hood, 225. Tho number of votes polled «luring the day was 1,908, exclusivo of 009 bad .votos. Tho Municipal Council of Hotham hold its usual woekly mooting on Monday evening, Mr, Davies in tho chair. A report was brought up by tho Chairman referring to the refusal of tho Go "vernmont to grant a. Court of Potty Bossions to ihe municipality, on the ground of oxpense. Th j Tcport, which was referred to the Legislative Committee-, recommended that a petition should ho presented to the Legislatura on the subject. A lettor from Mr. Janies Marshall, solicitor, WM xead, explaining that his application for expenses did not rotor to his own pomonal sorviceB, whioh wero given gratuitously, but were thoso neoes Bardy incurred by tho Committeo, A collection was make on bohalf of a man, namod Jaokson, ?whose wifo had died in tho Hospital, and whose three children were sick.-A BonovolontCommittoe ^".¡18 appointed to take cognizanco of suob, oásfi) in future. The remaining businoss was of an unimportant character. Friday ¡a each week has been fixed as the day j «n which deputations to the President of Land» and Bui ve/ will for the future bo received. Miioh i inconvenience has arisen from tbo irregular way in which they havo hitherto made known their wants. In many cases the gentlemen who hará waited upon Mr. Service have done so without imy previous intimation of their intención ; and in others, they have made appointments which lint o interfered with the departmental arrange- ments, The Press, on account of this irregularity, have been unable to record, with any certainty, the questions discussed, as it frequently happens that aftor the usual inquiry at tho usual hour by the reporter, a deputation unannounced pro- ceeds direct to the office of the President, with a story of wrongs to bo redressed or interests to bo protected. Yesterday a deputation, consisting of tho Town Clerk of Richmond, accompanied by Councillors Egan and Taylor, called for the purpose) of urging the Government to comply with a request made some time ago by tho Municipal Council of Richmond, to grant thom a piece of land for tho sito of a market in Church-street north, in lion of tho spot selected for that purpose at tho junc- tion cf Swan and Mary streets. The interview was postponed to Friday noxt. Another deputa- tion, also from Richmond, loft without obtaining n hearing, and will wait upon Mr. Service on the appointed day. On Monday last, a deputation, introduced by Mr. Prendergast, M.L.A., and < onsisting of Mr. J. 0. Hooper, Town Clerk, Mr, John Woolley, and Mr. W. M. Anderson, of Maryborough, waited upon the Presidont of Lands and Survey, to call the attention of tho Govornment to the noccssityfor erecting a bridge over tho Doop Creek at Carisbrook, anti; to other matters, among which wore tho management of the Public Cemetery and tho propriety of re- ducing the upset prico of land at Maryborough, AB in this case also no notice was given, tho re- porters were not present. In reply to the latter question, Mr. Service informed tho doputatio» that the upset price of land in oaoh of the towas on tho gold-fields would bo revised and re- adjusted, and that in the course of such revision the prico of land at Maryborough would bo fixed at the same rate as that in other towns of similar importance. At the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, a femalo named Bridget Dillon, who was accom- panied by a couple of children (a girl and a hoy), of about seven years of ago each, was brought up charged with stealing a number of muslin drosses from the houso of a Mr. Gripe, in Westbourne terrace, Grey-street, in the month of October last. Tho caso, however, was remanded for a weok, sa the police were not able to proceed with it A once. lVo were subsequently informed that the prisonor was tho wife of tho convict Dillon, who lately succeeded in making his escapo from the Collingwood Stockade. A death by sun-atroko occurred at Clunes on Saturday. The Ballarat Times says,-" Tho maa had beon working during the greater portion of tho day at the big dam, when ho suddenly foil down, apparently in a fit. Assistance was at onoo afforded, but boforo could bo carried to his tent ho was quite dead." Tho health of Ballarat does not seem to im- prove. Tho Times of yesterday says,-"Mr. I Poolo, deputy-registrar of births and doatlis fir Ballarat, informs us that he yesterday rocorded no fewer than 19 deaths-the largest number¡ovor recorded by him in ono day, and that of the number nil were children but one, while tho grout majority wore infants under 12 months old. Th« most common causes of death aro exhaustùM. from heat, diarrhoea, and dysentery. SinOd the beginning of the month 119 deaths have) been registered-20 of adults and 99 of infanta« In tho same period, 120 births havo beon re- corded." i A remarkable prosecution for perjury, whioh occupied tho tuno of tho Bench for fivo hours, carno before the Police Magistrate yesterday in the City Court. The proceedings arose from certain evidence given by the plaintiff the case o' Goodall v. Hartley, heard by Mr. Justtcs Hurry, at tho Supreme Court, in Novembor list A', that trial, in which Samuel Lester Goodall, a cabinetmaker, in Lonsdolc- street, brought an action against Joseph Hartley, a person in tho sumo line of business, for an assault and trespass, and recovered £4G0 damages, tho verdict was alleged to have been given solely on account of tho jury attaching a greater amount of crodencB to tito testimony of tho plaintiff than to that of tho defendant, their evidence being diametrically opposed to each other. The former in his examination stated, with a view to influence the jury, that ono at least of tho wit- ? liesses on tho other side hod gono under J an alias. Whilst under cross-oxnniination, 1ÏO Was pointedly and repeatedly nuked whether ho himself had over assumed, or been known by any other name than that of Goodall, to whioh ho distinctly and solemnly denied upon oath ; and tho jury, believing his character to havo boon thereby needlessly assailed without sufficient grounds, roturncd a verdict in his favour. Throe witnesses wcro now brought forward to prove that they had known tho defendant Goodall for several yeors at Geelong, where ho had always gono by the namo of Lester. Various lottors and j documents, i elating io pecuniary matters, wore j ' also produced in his handwriting, in whioh ho lind signed his namo Samuel Lester. Undor tlirso circumstances, the Bench deemed it thoir duty to commit tho dofondant for trial, allowing h'm to be liberated on bail, " La Traviata " was ropoated last night for tho 1 ondit of Signora Bianchi. The audionoo wai) laigo, and tho Signora, who sang and aotod with great brillianoy, was most flatteringly roooiYOd. ishe was recalled at the end of cadi act, and . honoured with gcnoral applauso and numerous , bouquets. A wreath of flowers was thrown from one of the boxes its a well-deserved compliment to tho fair singor, «ho repeatedly bowed hor thanks. Mr. and Mrs. Clarcnco Holt have been pluyintr for two nights at tho Princess's Theatre in a now pltiy entitled " Olivar Cromwell." Tho perform- ance has been successful, and the audioncoj numerous. Tho farco of " Stago Struck " is the nftcrpioco, in which Mr. Harry Jackson is as amusing as usual. Mrs. Holt makes a very fair H presen tativo of Sully Scruggs. | The St. Kilda Mechanics' Institute is at length a great fact, the Committee of Management hav- ing taken two houses in Inkerman-street, close to the Town Hall, for a reading-room, &c.; The two front rooms have been thrown into one, and it now makes a large chamber, capable of afford- ing accommodation to a considerable number of the subscribers. The Institute will be open for the first time to-day. 