BELL'S LIFE. IN SYDNEY. SYDNE)\ -APRIL IP60 TUB Parliament has met, and the Honorable i JOHN ROBERTSON, the , " nominal" PREMIER of the present Administration made his "explana- tion." So far as anything really explanatory was concerned, the hon. gentleman might just as well have favoured tlie House with a chapter from the Koran, or a selection from thé' popular tale of " The House thnt JACK built." As an " explanation," it was nothing ; asa speech, a sorrowful and spiritless specimen oT ^linisterial manoeuvring. From its commence 'mcnt to its close, not one consoling " cheer," en- abled the Niobean Premier to taite breath anti courage: not even a husky "hear, hear" encou- raged the oppressed orator, whose excruciating performance must have inspired his fiercest poli- tical foes, with a sentiment of pity for him. His " explanation" beean with a recapitulation of how SIR DANIEL wouldn't, and Mr JOMF.S conldn't "form an administration. How lie was "sent for" -with tvhat' acrobatic alacrity he obeyed the ;thrice-welcome summons, and "immediately put .himself into , communication with his honorable .friend Mr COWPER-offering that gpntlemnn the 'Colonial Secretaryship with a seat in the Upper House," and " how his honorable friend ac- cepted that at once;" and as Mr ROBEKTSOK /quaintly remarked, " the great difficulty was got over." About the Treasury and Pubiic Works no " great difficulty existed." "Willina; and eager spirits were at band in the persons of Messrs "WKEKBS and ARNOLD "to accept the cares and j responsibilities of olfice." - ... The thiiip was «* un fait accompli," anil the re- suscitated CowrjtR Ministry,-casting aside their political " sera clothes," came forth reanimated with the breath of official vitality, in the short apace of "a couple of hours." The Attorney* 'Generalship was offered in turn to Messrs FAU "CETT and DARVALL, and by thèse gentlemen de- clined, the duties of that ollice bring temporarily 'discharged by Sir WILLIAM MANNING, until Wr HARGRAVR'S apppointment on Monday. 'Tn 'one particular connected with these transactions M r KODERTSO.V deserves credit-he 'Avas decidedly " smart." There was certainly no 'unnecessary waste of time on his part, simply be ' cause'he had long before been prepared-and his ' honorable friends, too-for the result of their machinations against the late administration. It 'is renllyrefreshing toheur Mr ROBIRTSOV spr/ik of "the great difficulty got over" in securing the services''Of 'Mr COÛTER, when he tells us in the same breath,'that that honorable and patriotic gentleman accepted office ''nt once." Great al- lowances must, however, be made for the incon- sistencies uttered by Mr KOBRRTSON on Tuesday. .He was really not equal to the equivocal and un- enviable position in which he found himself. Had *lhc task of explaining fallen upon the "real" head of the present'Government-Mr CIIARLFS ?COWPER-(hat veritable gentleman would no " doubt have put a better face upon thc matter, "than did his bewildered subordinate, who had un ''dotibtedly forgotten nt least one-half of the iu . Mrnctions he had received from his superior. Having thus curiously stated the circumstances ^connected with the réanimation of the COWPER Ministry, studiously and discreetly avoiding all 1 reference to the means by which that most tirijus 'tifiuble, arid, for the public, undesirable end was " accomplished, Mr.Robertson proceeded dimly to .allude to the future intentions of the "revival." Their first stép'will be to legalize the'illegal ex- penditure of the" public money that has so pre- vailed, by a-Bill-of indemnity. The estimates for 'the present year,'and an appropriation act are to follow. These are the only matters that will be pressed Upon the Legislature 'prior to the Easter recess. But in order to'soothe public -impatience 'camed by this eternal system ot procrastination, .Ministers.-propose to lay upon the table the fol 'lowing bills, which, in our opinion will never be. 'honoured. , . . A Land Bill, and n measure'for the reform of the 'Upper House, Upon these two Hills it would appear that Ministers have'resolved to stake 'their political existt-nce, for we find the questions of State Aid, Restriction of Chinese Immigration, Ute Amendment of the Licensing Act, and nn Amendment of the Impounding Act.are referred 'to hy Mr. JIÓ'BKKTSON in terms that plainly imply 'im firm belief that himself and colleagues wiíl never have the pleasure of carrying any one of 'the measures-above enumerated. The honorable gentleman, disheartening ns was his position, made a melancholy effort to be 'facetious, by re . marking, "ti we get through these I think we shall do pretty well." t\ bit of ill-timed jocularity, "that rnisrd'the veriest ghost of a laugh we ever heard in the Assembly. Mr. ROBERTSON then resumed hits 'sèi.t amid an ominous and .con- temptuous silence, unbroken even by the whisper -of n cheer. The 'reception of Mr. COWI'BK'S ?statement in the Upper House was not one l>it ?more flattering than that of his worthy sub in the Assembly, nor was Mr. COWPER'S equanimity improve*! by the very inconvenient question put -to him by Jlr ll. JOHNSON, touching thc purgation -of the Commission of the Peace. It evidently produced 'anything 'but pleasure in the mind of .thc Chief Secretary. . TVápectilate lipon the possibility of the présent -Ministry retaining office would be absurd, lnfln , *cnce in Parliament they have none, and well they : 'know 'it. The intelligence and respectability of ,¡" Hbo House is against them, «ntl will.no longer ;toler»te 'those petty tl ridges, and unconstitutional "shifts to 'which they BO often had recourse to pro- long their oflieinl existence oh former occasions. Tile tem pet ol'the House has not improved sirïce îast it met. The same personal hatreds, and bit- terness of political antagonism, remain unchanged. The proceedings of Wednesday evening are quite «ultleient proof of this, and ure clearly indicative of tho fact, that the present Assembly is so thoroughly impracticable that it contains the ele- ments of no- Ministry that cotihl satisfactorily carry on the Government of- the Colony for the benefit of the people. All is disunion nnd disorganiza- tion. How then can the colonists expect an .nmc linration of. the many ovils mis-government has brought upon them? Nothing can or will be done hy tho present' Parliament ; its many disorders are incurable, and its only hope of relief from ¡ts protracted sufferings lies in the prospect of DISSO- LUTION. To that it MUST come ; and it will be then for the people themselves to guard against future evil by a wise and judicious exercise of the franchise. To make provision for the public expenditure is all that will be at I empted hy the present Ministry, T.hnt done, hon gentlemen will be sent forth lo their various constituencies with an ac- count of their Stewardships, a hoon of which, wc do not anticipate, many will avail them- selves. It is idle, now, to blame either Parliament or Ministers for the mischiefs of the past; our onty remedy is lo profit by the better experience we have learned, and, at the coming appeal to the country, to replace the present incapables by those who will, at all events, be influenced by some conscientious motives to discharge the duty of representatives with intelligence, industry, and honesty. . Everything around us points to the urgent ne- cessity that exists for sound legislation. Mercan- tile embarrassments and a decreasing public revenue, combine with other circumstances to ren- der the future prospects of the colony a subject of deep anxiety to all. If the people ore true to themselves and the cause of good government, there is no cause for despondency. Let them re- turn men to Parliament who are influenced by nobler considerations ilia« the philosophy of Pocket Patriotism. - ' 