THE -SK'IF.I.4-M« IHJK'i; CTXH MEET ' AKI) OJPKTtiXG ItlXSKJS. Deah Bell, — I am not going to give you a long account of the Geelobg Hunt doings last Saturday, a la ' 'Kimrod's Ghost,' and that for the bestofrea- ons.viz., I- was not there, and therefore can only spaik from bear- - say ; but, by your leave, 1-will just sketch out what was . ? done during the morning, and then sinnmariso the pro ceedings of the evening. The meet wns at Mnlbolland's,, or rather tho meat for breakfast was there. Iho veritable; guthcrin'g.plnco being somewhat nearer tho kennels, and.', thither came 'at on early hour, ' ' 'In crimson clolli bedecked,' the ilite of tho Gtelonceese sportBincn. Dcspito the'; wet prospects of tho day, thirteen out of tho fifteen7 mounted men were neatly clad In Iho orthodox scarlet. &c;, and the turn out was a very pretty sight for thoio' who appreciate the old-country pastime of tha chase. On gaining the kangaroo ground, Air. Green' threw hia hounds into cofcr, and tho stylo with' which they dashed forward at bis musical cry of ' hie in 1 there!' tpoke highly of tha pack's training and . Bpirir. A fast-going loug-lailcd 'un was - soon roused, and the field were led a merry dance through! a good galloping country, and over, somo easy Jit tlo jumps; nt length, however, n bobining tlree-raller ? showed ahond. and many a heart thumped nii,)lcasantly; under {ho waistcoat « tno siglit, , Mr. Green, on !;;? uig g'ey gi'.'Jlngi charged andVe-ebarged ll/»nbstaclo In vain. Mr. F. then tried, thinking .ho had .£ better chance, and was also discomfited j but Mr. RogcrKelsttlf; riding Mr. Langdon's upstanding young horse on trial; ww.uij *iiM uia juva, turn iu» Kuiinuianimni no ucsiroao boro Wm over liko a bird, although frigid - Rodio is only- the trifling weight of six-eon stone In the big paddock ha had entered, he was now 'all alone in his glory,' but as tho kangaroo, had planted, and he did not know the hounds any better than tbo bounds knew him, he fcund that it was no use at tempting to bo huntsman. By such simple devices as dislodging top rails, tho field contrived to re- asscmbloat this check, and another run wasobtaincd with an equally unforlunato termination. 'As it had been' raining 'heavens hard' for hours,. and Mr. Green was quito knocked up from his over-exertions after a recent severe illness, it was now judged prudent to make tho best of the way back to Geelong, and get cleaned up for tho grand epeniBg dinner. ? This jolly aft'dir took plnee nt Mr. Gosling's, British hotol, n«d n large parly sat down rouud as handsomely and liberally spread a bowd tut ever gladdened' the eyes ot'tliose celebrated enters, ' hungiy hunters.' Mr. Wi Frnsec acted as chairman, and Major Xoscollcn as vioei the guests being all of the right sort for such nblo presi dency. What was eaten I ehall say littlo about, nraat was drauk, lcs», and what was sail lias already been chronicled in the Pivot city broad sheet. Suffice it, therefore, to relate that tho business tows wero given. in a bosinesS'liko way, tho sporting sentitncnlu received . with sportsmen's welcome, mid the 6on;B chorused with ' lull power vonpeance' During tho ovening, Mr. wjiruaiiii: Juuuuu uiu luoa oi UJiruiJUClug IOXCS JoF tDO purposes of tho chaso, and » subscription was at ooce entered into far this desirable purpose. Iu a desultory conversation on the advantages or disadvantages of this vulpine importation, much argument nnd foiuo fun was created, ono gentleman, lately from New Zealnnd, be coming so indignant at an accusation against foxes for . killing lambs, thnt he en, piled nn entire d«cnntcr of sherry within ton minute.', and consequently found himself almost speechless wluu ho attcinp- uduu haranguo on.the grievous libel. Mr. Ferris represented the Bil larrnt Hunt Club, nud Mr. Hamilton tbo M. JI.C, ond it who truly plcnsaut to notice tho joy cxprcsned at au incidental proposition tbat the three clubs should have a grand joint field'dny. . . On tho Queen's birthdny wo proceeded lo Meredith,, our crack ground, under the charge of the young whip, ? Jnck Holoy,| nnd the hnnttrs of the flioin wore, for-' warded by grooms on Wednesday morning. Tho New Jolut Stock Coioh Coinpnny handsooicly |iut tliolrnaiv conoh nt tho disposal of the club, nud n siUit party wero tockd.up to Meredith by that old nnd ixpciljiiued driver, Shepptrd, who handled liin -ix-in-band in his usual stylo- A good spread was waiting at flosi Gosliug's, who wns assisted In the oatoring dupartment by bis brother, tbo sporting proprietor of tho BritUh. Afcor nmplo juitlco wns done to the good things an early start was mado to bed, eo ns to beprcpnicd for themotniug, and nt daylight tho Major roused all hands from their couches. Breakfast wis soon diBCUssad, and wo then made for buthciland s station, young Jack havingbeeh *Wrt6ifea^''Imn^reTioTii^ Qroen, who, although very anxious tocomc, was detained in town by his medical advisor. Abont thrue-quartcrs of a mile from Sutherland's some nf tho old hounds began to whirapor, aiid soon the whole pack was laid ? on; but beforo Roing hnlf amlle, an unfortunate slicri- . lnrd'sdogcro6Bod the trnok, nnd was followed full ory up to the station, whero ho took shelter. After a duo administering of whips to tho lender*, for their minobn duct, and n refresher to tho field from Mr. Wnrner, wo jogged on under his guidance; toohlll soino two lnilos' southward, where the hounds had'- hardly been throwd off, when thrco splendid fellows' wore viewed awiyin, a cluster. The pack were laid on to tlio largest, who mado etrnlsht . for the ranges. From tho start to the finish thero wns hardly half a minute's check. Tho scent was so gcod and tlio paco was so severe that young Jack's horso knocked up, but tha command was quickly taken up by tho gallant Mojor who enmo to their assistance, and after a most extraor dinary run of 1 hour and 15 minutes, nlmost straight on end, a splendid forester wns run into on tho slopo of tho ranges leading down to tho Leigh. A select few of tho regulars were well up, nnd nlso some new members, who had mado their first nppearance nnd rodo remarkably woll. The whole run was over grassland, with ni obstnclcs but the dead timber nnd scrubby box, Somo of the old nnd would-be knowing members, who had previously hunted the. same ground, nnd who wero saving their horses, wero thrown out from tho unexpected ttrnightness of tho run and tbo pnee Fifteen out of the seventeen hounds wero up nt tho fin ish. Tlio young whip nrrived soon nfter, nnd nlmost shed tears when he found his nag was not equal to tho task. Tho Major handled tho hounds well nnd it has, been resolved to lot him hunt thorn ngain on Friday Jack to act as whip on a good conditioned horse, kindly lent him by Mr. Warner foi ii,a uucasion, when I ex pect to report nn equally brilliant, run and kill. Abo'ut thirty men started, snd.-a fair proportion in «,|nk! A hunt dinner „? Coiling ,,,u,\ S'ft in prepared for this w tiling, to whifih i.:n.,u- ? v t^i vllS vhom s.We;i; w. us :U ucv'- '' ^;-'!-tm?'-'. Mi-'- . ' : I'W Hm «U3 gOUf ^p : to-night, 1 iioi.ot'oaeoaiimoolIbcKuia-UoluijeiltleiiHiii in -.-? the.saddlo in the morning. Coming home, three of ths Hunt had some jurfipitifi over Stitherlnnd- paddock ? fence, but tho Major was the only one who did not ' como togrief.-Ycur».faltl.'fvilly, ; FOKESTEU, ' ' 