NEW ZEALAND. This following is from the last monthly summary of the New Zealander The month has not been prolific of stirring events. The news from Taranaki may be described as being of a neutral character, distinguished by no success, but unmarked by any disaster. The military expedition which, at the close of the last month, started southwards, had returned to its quarters after having destroyed several unoccupied pahs, laid waste the cultivated grounds of the rebellious natives, carried off or scattered their stores of grain, and raised their horses and cattle. All this has been done without resistance. The natives who had been concerned in the affair of Waireka, having en- sconced themselves in a pan strongly fortified and difficult of approach, the taking of the place appears to have been considered, as we think very prudently, not worth the expenditure of life which must have attended an assault upon it. William King remained in his path near Waitara, which has been doubly and trebly fortified according to the Maori idea of engineering. He continues inactive, but is still defiant in his tone. Even whilst it must appear to him certain that his only chance of being able to maintain his present position for any length of time depends upon his being joined by the Waikato tribes, he is said to fear their interference in his quarrel, lost in consequence of former feud between them and his own people, the occasion might be seized upon to clear off old scores. It seems however tolerably certain that the majority of the Waikato people are on the side of peace, and that, except such recruits as may be collected amongst the ill-disposed and turbulent individuals of the tribes, Kings will be left to his own resources. The long talked of meeting of the tribes at Waikato had not taken place at the date of our last advices, the men of Lower Waikato and others not having as yet succeeded in eating their way to Ngaruawahia, although they had already been nine days on the journey, days which were spent, principally in feasting and talking, at the various settlements on the river. A preliminary meeting composed of Nga threats, Ngatimaniapoto, and Ngatiawa men was held on Monday last, the two former under the leadership of Tomo What shape, the latter headed by William Thomp- son-the Maori " Warwick," the Native King-maker. In the early morning, immediately after the conclusion of prayers, business commenced with a discharge of musketry, after which about 150 men of the Ngatiawa, armed and in military order, marched up, saluted Potatau's flag, un- covered, made him an address, and then retired backwards from the presence. Then followed Ngatimaniapoto, in number 70 (of whom 50 were armed), and after going through a similar process, retired with their faces still towards Potatau, who, poor old man, sat at the door of his house wrapped up in his blanket, his chin resting on his knees, his eyes closed, and to all appearance ' wholly indifferent to the proceeding before him. When it was ended he retired into his house, and threw himself upon his mat, and there remained during the day. Not so his liege-men. To the place appointed for the meeting they were followed by 150 women bearing baskets of potatoes and eels, and by men carrying pigs cooked whole. The food having been distributed under the direction of the master of the ceremonies very liberal portion being laid before the European visitors, was disposed of with great rapidity. Then began the oratory ; there were about thirty speakers, and the proceedings did not terminate till sunset. As this party represented only the extreme opinions of the Maori King faction, it may be supposed that the views expressed were not moderate. The proceedings were, however, very. orderly, and although there was, upon some points, much difference of opinion, it would appear that upon two points they were agreed. First, that War, tara (the land in dispute at Taranaki), ought not to be given up to the Queen ; secondly, that the men who committed the murders at \ Waireka should not be surrendered. , CALAMITOUS FIRE. At about a quarter to 2 o'clock on Thurs '. day morning, one of the most disastrous ' fires, with which Auckland has yet been visited, was discovered to be raging in the extensive flour mill of Messrs Thornton, Smith, and Firth, situate on the Queen's street side of the wharf. None but they who have lived in a wooden built city can conceive the effect which the awful clang of the fire bells produces upon men's minds and never did fire bells ring out more '. loudly or constantly than did those of Auck- land on Thursday morning. The direful summons was promptly and energetically responded to by all classes of the commu j city who went to work with a will to do battle with the devouring element, Com F? indore Loring, with Lieutenant Hume, the officers and seamen of H.M. ship Iris were speedily on the scene of action, and they set about their work in a manner that come ] landed the admiration of every one present, in working the engines and moving property, as if each man was laboring to save his own. In this good work, Captain Philip Jones of the barque Kate, with his officers and ship's company, took an honorable and conspicuous share, toiling with might and by main, and in the very heart of the fire. Captain Daldy was likewise most busily en- i gaged, and it affords us the greatest plea i sure to say that a numerous party of our Maori fellow citizens put forth their utmost strength under his judicious directions. There was much greater order maintained than at the last fire, a detachment of the Volunteer Rifles keeping the ground, whilst the remainder, with the Militia and Marines of the Iris, were under arms in Britomart and Albert Barracks, the Cavalry Guards forming a patrol. Every precaution was taken, and every exertion used to suppress the conflagration and arrest its extension. The fire seemed to have commenced in the upper storey of the mill, and, from the very first moment, it was evident that it I would be impossible to save that building. Mr. Firth, one of the proprietors, was among the first on the spot, arriving at about five ? minutes before two o'clock. For some time 1 the engines continued to throw water upon Messrs. Thornton's front store, where a large quantity of wheat was housed. Mr. Firth, whose practical knowledge was worthily displayed upon this distressing occasion, caused the engines to direct their attention to the store of Messrs. Henderson and Macfarlane, for the reason that, that building once ignited, not only it but the entire block" seawards must have fallen a sacrifice to the flames and because he was well aware that water was more destructive to wheat than five, the former saturating and saddening the grain, while the latter, by J causing the top layer of bags to burst, con- solidated the heap into an almost incombus- ' tibia mass. On the outside of this store too, 1 large supplies of coals were stacked, and by playing continually on them and Henderson's ' store, the main body of the fire was confined within the limits of the mill, From the 1 mill, however, to the bonded store in the t rear the flames made a successful bound, c and here Mr. Charles Stephenson was afforded the opportunity of rendering royal- table service. There was no Custom House Officer on the spot there was a quantity of spirits within-and to have permitted them to take fire might have been exceedingly disastrous. Fire was breaking through the roof, when Mr. Stephenson manfully smashed the locks and with the aid of many willing hands trundled the casks right through Henderson's store into the street in front. Where desert was so largely conspicuous we almost dread that we may unconsciously pass by the names of some who may be honourably entitled to commendation. Should this occur, our readers may rest assured it is from a want of information not a want of will. Mr. Cadman, and No. 1 Engine in his charge, were worthily conspicuous ; whilst the engine of the Northern Insurance Company was, we are given to understand, utterly ineffective. Mr. Samuel Collins and Mr. Keesing of the Commercial Hotel, were untiring in their efforts to serve and save ; indeed, as -e have already said there was but one desire in the minds of every one. Fortunately there was an ample supply of water in the much maligned ' intake,' and that was directed in such copious streams both on the blazing pile and the contiguous tene- ments, that by half- past four all fears of any further spread of the conflagration was at an end. The fire of Thursday may well be regarded quite as much a public as a private loss. The mill and its machinery was possibly, equal to any in the Australian colonies, of the most improved description of modern date, and conducted not only with the greatest practical skill, but on a business like system as honorable to the proprietors as beneficial to the interests of the province. That they will be heavy sufferers we have not a doubt for within the last fortnight the mill and stores were filled cram full 10,000 bushels having been landed from the brig "Heather Bell-'-5000 bushels the same week from the coast, making with what was previously on hand something like 20,000 bushels. Of this, about 4000 bushels in the front store may possibly be recovered, but there are at least 13,000 bushels in the main body of the mill entirely destroyed, the machinery, bricks, mortar, and charred timber, piling it into a mass of smouldering rubbish, up as high as the second storey. The walls are burst, cracked, and dangerous, in every direction and the engines have continued to play on the burning mass, at intervals, ever since. The building and machinery was insured for £6000, and the stock for £4000 in the Liverpool and London and Imperial Fire Insurance Offices. And, singular to say, Mr. Firth was appointed Inspector of the re-organised Fire Brigade the very evening before. We heartily hope that a new mill of equal excellence may speedily replace the old one. In the meantime we are happy to learn that the firm intend carrying on their business without any stoppage, having rented the mill of Messrs. Henderson and Macfarlane situate in Freeman's Bay. We are happy to hear that our Local Fire Insurance Company intend to appropriate a sum of money in reward of the praiseworthy exertions of the Iris' and Kate's ship's companies. This institution acted in a similar spirit of liberality to the Elk's blue jackets on occasion of the last fire. This just example was not then followed by any of the English Companies who derive so much , from the numerous policies they effect amongst us. It is to be hoped that, in the present instance, they will all unite in mark- ing their sense of the merits of those who laboured so hard in their service Net Zealander, May 19. '" The subjoined letter from the special correspondent of the ' New Zealander' is dated \- Ngaruawahia, May 14th : j" On my way hither, I was not at all sure ' prised to find that there were as many and as contradictory rumours passing current or among the native population, from Manga 1 Lawhill right up to here-with regard to the 5 intentions of the Governor and trio European ' settlers towards the Maories as there have been current among our town and country > settlers as to the probable movements of the k natives against us. In almost every case, upon inquiry, these rumours of our hostile intentions were clearly traceable to the mischievous if not wicked boastings of a few \- loafing ' pakeha- mnories,' apparently re- 3 sorted to from a desire of adding fuel to the i excitement already existing among the na i five population-or else to a species of vaunting in which some out-settlers may ? have indulged, in order to hide their own 7 fears, after the fashion of the school-boy i whistling through the ghost-haunted church ', yard. \ I may safely say that at each settlement ! at which we halted in our hard tug up the Waikato, the natives appeared much re- assured on being told there was no truth in the stories they had heard and throughout the Lower Waikato, at present, there does ' not seem to be any sympathy with the Young Maori,' or Native King' party. ! (At Mangatawhiri, by the way, I heard of a large drove of cattle, 54 in number, belonging to two white squatters on the Waikato, who have been warned off their runs by their late allies, having been driven on to one of the paddocks of a Crown grant ' settler in spite of his remonstrances and to to the disposition of his sheep, which were feeding there at the time. Having so long lived without the pale of British law, I presume these men thought they had thereby acquired a license to do as they pleased with other people's property. Next time they try the experiment they will find out their mistake, or I much mistake the temper of the settler in question, who was at the time under the impression that the Impound- ing Ordinance had been repealed.) Several times in our passage up the river we were hailed by heavily laden canoes, bringing down wheat from various districts for the Auckland market, and the eagerness with which they opened a severe and asked for news, showed that they were anxious to realise before the clouds, which seemed to them so ominous, should they have thickened still more or burst into actual storm. Some of these canoes were of very large size fat one settlement there was one, recently built, which will carry four tons), and it was saddening to reflect upon the misery that our industriously and peaceably disposed Southern natives are likely to suffer from the interruption of their agricultural pursuits caused by all these runanga and hastings. Almost all the potatoe pits and wheat and maize pushes along a great portion of the Waikato, are already more than half-emptied of their stores-and There seems to be little or no preparation making on a large quantity of the land for the planting of next season's crops. The great Waikato meeting has been summoned, and Maori custom from time immemorial forbids the native cultivator of the soil to refrain from sending his contribution to the feast, although he knows that the greater portion of the provisions will be wasted rather than consumed, and though he and his family are sadly in want of better and warmer clothing. Throughout a great portion of the Waikato district, there will be much destitution and sickness this winter, owing to the want of the more wholesome food to which the of population of that wide-spread district have of late been getting more accustomed, They themselves are partly conscious of the fate in store for them but they flatter themselves they can easily live for a while on what served their forefathers and be their contributions go to the feast. From. Rangiavvhia alone, the King-party natives will have sent ten tons of flour, with I know not how many thousand dried eels, kits of. potatoes, Numerous, bundles of firewood, etc, &c.; Other districts are furnishing in like proportion and canoes are now rapidly arriving with detachments of delegates from different parts. Te Where Where, or Potatau, is in better health than he had been for some time past. He is, I believe, thoroughly well disposed towards the British Government and European settlers and it is known he is far from pleased-in fact, greatly angered at the conduct of the unruly chiefs and their people who have gone to Taranaki. But as all this and much more will probably come out and be fully discussed at the approaching conference, it is needless here to speculate upon this point. In contrast to the unmanly fear which, has been exhibited in one or two quarters by white men, I have to mention the conduct of a young Englishwoman, the wife of an out-settler not far from here. Hearing that her father was ill, she started off the other day in a small and frail canoe, accompanied only by a Maori man and girl, for a voyage of a hundred miles down the Waikato, all swollen and perturbed as it was by the late heavy rains, to inquire for herself after the health of her parent. The children of such a woman ought to have some i thing like the courage as well as the frame , of Englishmen. There have been very many landslips along the banks of the Waikato the last , week or two in many cases causing an addition to the width of the river of from 15 to 15 feet at a time in some cases, as great i a width on each side. t I have to close in haste to save the post. , 