TUESDAT, MABCIaT. (Before his Worship the Mayor and W Cleveland, Esq.) ILLEGALLY PRACTISING' AS A PltlrslCI?. -O'Connor v. Clarke.-Thls being the day for giving judgment in this case, the justices who had heard the samo took their seats shortly after eleven o'clock. Mr. O'Connor, Superintendent of Police, who had laid the information, was present, and also the defendant, Dr. Clarke. Mr. Rocher, who had conducted the prosecution, was also present. After some conversation between tho Mayor and defendant as to whether the defendant would wish his counsel, Mr. Douglas, to be present, Inasmuch as thaCt gentleman had on the previous occasieon intimated that ulterior proceedings might he taken, when Mr. Rocher said that Mr. Douglas' absence would not in the slightest degree affect the defendant's right to ap. peal. The Mayor then said that he need not say that, in coming to a conclusion In this case, it had been a matter attended with very great anxiety to the Bench, and that in going through the whole of the evi dence they had endeavourod to come to a jut conclusion with respect to the pro. vi.olns of 0th Victoria, No. 2, and in doing so they had simply to exercise their masgic. teriat authority sn carrying out tho pr. visions of the law. The law was very n'ear and distinct, and provided that when any person practised or prescribed is a physician or surgeon for a fee or reward, not havina a certificate under the hand of the President or some member of the Court of Examiners, he subjected himself to certain penal consequences. MAir. Douglas had referred to Dr. Clarke as a gentleman of education and medical ability. lie (the Mayor) had no doubt of that ability; but then they had the very, cir. aumstance that a gentleman who had been educated, and had passed, or was reputed to have passed a medical school, came before the Bench as a continued opponent of the law the provisions of which it might be sup. posed every member of the profession must recogniso as necessary for his own protection as well as the proteetlon of the public. Then came the question of the continued breach of the law. Within the last five years it was known that the de. lendant had practised as a phyaleian or surgeon in the very face of the law, and all the Bench could say about such a course of conduct was, that it appeared there had been on the part of Dr. Clarke, for some inscrutable reason, a perverse resist ance to the law. No doubt the great object of the law was to' prevent the practise of quacks end persons who had not undergone an education to fit them for the profession, but it must also contam. plate the disobedience of men who, having gone through or partially gone through such an education, for some inscrutable reason or other chose to resist the law, and not comply with its provisions. The boench had come to the conclusion so to administer the law as to show their sense of she perverse disobedience of. the law, and to exhibit to others as well as to the defendant himseolf that the law could not he broken with impunity. The penalty . was fixed at iot exceeding £100, and the impression of the bench had been that in inflicting this they should take into con sideration very fully the merits of the case, and If oany apparent circaemstance had arison which might seem to give a reasonable excuse for not fulfilling the terms of the law, it would then have been the duty of the bench simply to have re garded ilit defendant's conduct- as an omission of what the law required; but the bench could not bring their minds to take such a view of the case. Mr. Douglas had made alluselon to the defendant possessing a diploma from a unilveralty on the continent, but even If that were the case it could make no difference, as the certificate silgned by thel president or some member of the Court of Examiners was not produced as required by law. It would ihave been easy for the defendant, through the Supreme Court, to have called on th Court of Examiners to show cause why they rejected a diploma which, perhaps, the Supreme Court might recognize: and Mr. Douglas had urged that only a noml sal punalty should be Inflicted, in order that the defendant might have an oppeor tunity of testing the validity of his diploma, Dr. Clarke: I understood from Mr. Douglas that such a course was to be tak:u. The Mayor-The intimation given by Mr. Douglas lustend of being in favor of a small penalty, rather seems to argue In favor of a larger one, for years ago the Court of Examioers might have been called upon to show cause why they did not give the necessnary quanlification required by law, but n0 such step had been taken, and through some inscrutable perversoness the defendant had lived for five years in a continued breach of the law. The Beach therefore had arrived at the conclusilon that it was their duty to carry into effect the simple, strict, and perhaps severe aspect of the law, and after carefully lookingat the whole oftheevldence they were of opialon that a conviction must enoue, and ordered the defendant to pay a penalty of £100, with Ito 6d costs. Dr. Clarke was allowed twenty-four bours to pay the money into Court. ConaECaATION.-The noew church at Deloraino will be consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Tasmanla on rhareday next. Service will commence at eleven o'clock, and a collection will be made after the service towards liquidating the debt re maining on the church. We trust the appeal will he liberally responded to. HAMLTon RAcEs.-These races came off on Thursday and Friday last. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. Allwright's St. Clair; the Hamilton Town Plate by Mr. Reld's Presto, beating Mence's Hindoo, Marchioness, Lady of the Lake, and Verbena. The Trotting Match was won by Mr. Watson's pony; the Hack Race by busjld; the Brewer's Purse by Winters' Marchionese, beating Mence's Gay Boy. The Steeple Chase by Mr. Jackson's Spring Heel Jack. Lady of the Lake walked over for the Ladies Puorse. Tans TuneAac is undergoing a thorough repair and redecoration. The decoration bsa been entrusted to Messrs. Rumpiff and Moses, who are carrying out their work in a very artistic and elegant manner. Tihe interor when completed will have a very chaste aspearance, and will be illuminated by a sunlight composed by many hundred jets of gas. , Desano .-We observe by advertisement the Adelaide Government is desirous of parting with lie dredging machine. If sultable for this colony, would it not be well to secure it on reasonable terms ? The bar and the harbour require deepening, and many ports on the north coast might become accesslb'lo to vessels of deep draught if an efficient steam dredge were employed for only a short time. Fastrin's PnorooaAu?ns.-As works of art, and for size, the series of photographs by Mir. Frith are very valuable. No pre seat to a distant friend could be more acceptable than the pictures possessing to the life a true reflection of the town and its vicinity. Tune Anar TRnAUsan ExIsITION. Great exertions ere being made by the sub-committee to render the exhibition of Art Treasures in connection with the opening of the Mechanics' Institute worthy of the occasion, and as the time for the ex hibition is drawing near, those persons who Intend contributing pictures,.statutes, or articles of vertu would do well to forward them at once to the Institute, addressed to the Secretary, in order that the committee may have time to complete their arrange mnents before theopening, which takes place on Easter Monday. Now CALnosnza.-The Sydney Empire says:-" A report is current to the effect that the Government of the Emperor of the French contemplate the establishment of a penal settlement at New Caledonia. Wears not aware whether any official in formation has been received on the sub. ject, nor is it likely that such would be the case. The report, however, is highly probable. Now Caledonia may thus serve as a nursery for "Zouaves," who, if all ac counts are true, are not selected from the elite of Parisian society. Naw Noaros.x.-On 21st instant, the children of the Wesleyan Sunday School were examined, and entertained in the usual mannmer. On the same occasion Mr. Tuckfield, the Wesleyan Minister, who is leaving the district, and Mr. Whittaker, who succeeds him, were entertained at a tea meeting. Psorassoa Besnaae.-A parting tribute of respect is due from as to a gentleman who leaves our shores to-day. It is not often that a professional man Is so success ful in acquiring popularity amongst all classes as Professor ]Bushell has been. To talent and powers in his peculiar walk of science, which we believe have never been surpassed, he unites a courteousness of manner, an amiability of disposltion, and a high character which cannot fail to render ham a favorite wherever he goes. His residence in this colony has awakened in the minds of all a great amount of interest in reference to that mysterious and as yet very imperfectly developed science which for many years he has made his peculiar study. The wonderful experiments that have been performed by this gentleman before the public of Sydney must have convinced the most sceptical of the reality of Ihis influence, however little the princi ples may be understood. No doubt, how ever, when the facts shall have been suffi ciently studied, an elimination of principles will follow; and there can be no safer method of pursuing the investigation. It is a common saying, that familiarity breeds contempt; but the more we see of Pro fessor Bushell, the higher is our opinion of his merits. Such is the honest simplicity and even transparency of his personal charslters, that deception would be impos Ible with him-an excess of ingenuousness in fset sometimes renders his performances less effective than they might be. Hle has himself great faith in the aultimate triumph of his art, and believes that it will one day be of service to mankind. He believes also in clairvoyance, and our own incredulity is somewhat shaken by his faith. On Wed nesaday evening last the subject of our notice took his farewell benefit at the Victoria Theatre, and we were gt atified to observe a large and respectable attendance. After the performance o a pleasing vaude ville by the company, the rising of the curtain displayed two rows of youag ladies seated on the stage. The usua ,forms having been gone through, the Professor stated that he had escreeded in obtaining an influence over many of his fair sabjects, though some few resisted him altogether. He then proceeded with his experimentas, which we will not describe In detail, as most of them were similar to those usually made. It was extremely Interesting, how ever, to trace the gradual and almost Im perceptible stops by which, with evident labor and dlflentt, he compelled some of his tnwillong subjeets to yield themselves Op at discretion. The beauty of the opera tion was greatly enhanced b the very palpable dslke entertained bymany of the ladies to furnish food for the amuse ment of the audience; but when once the Professor's power was completely estab lished over their minds, they lost all sense of tlte ridiculous, and perpetrsted abeutrdi ties with the gravest air imaginable. The reverential expression of devotion that illumined the faces of five or six girls as they knelt in supplication to the chan delters, which were supposed to be "thou sands of immortal spirits," was very stri king; and the sudden change from the attitude of devotion to the graceful move ment of the waltz was accomplished with evident unconsciousness on the part of all. It was perfectly impossible also to observe without Interest and amusement the Irre sistible drollery of the effect produced upon their countenances and demeanor, when, hy the mere utterance of a word, their self-command was restored to them, and in the confusion of bashfulness they endeavored to hide themselves from the gaze of the audience. We owe a debt of gratitude to all those fair ones for thus furnishbing the material for an exhibition of so highbly intellectual and pleasing a des cription. Having trespassed sufficiently on the endurance of the ladles, the Pro fessor next proceeded to exercise his attrac tion on several persons In the pit who had on previous occasions been brought under his Influence. One by one, like the ghosts in the ecenein Meyerbeer's opera, they rose from th?ir seats, and some with pre cipitation, others with measured tread, made their appearance at the foot lights, where they stood like statues, not a muscle moving, until eight or nine were fixed upon the stage. It seemed as if the witch craft and demonology of a former age were resuscitated; or we might rather perhaps imagine that what we read of on those et?jects were as naturally accomplished as the strange feat we witnessed on Wed nesday evening. The audience were highly gratified at the great success of all the experiments, and greeted the bene-f¢ier with frequent and hearty applause. In bidding farewell to a Sydney public for years, perhaps for ever, Professor Busehell expressed the great pleasure he had derived from his visit to Australia, which he said had been a most successful one. He had met with kindness wherever he had been, and never regretted leaving any country so much as he grieved at parting from the many friends he had met in New South WVales. A pleasing instance of the Pro fessor's popularity occurred as he was leaving the theatre, a gentlemen stopping him in the street and presenting him with averyb handsome gold- mounted riding-whip, with "Professor Busheil" engraved on the handle, as also the initials of the donor, whose name, we believe, is unknown, even to the receiver. Professor Bushell sails to day by the Tasmania at twelve o'clock. We sincerely wish him an agreeable and prosperous voyage round the world. He Is Ilis own letter of introduction, and has little need of recommendation; but if ours be wortht anything, he has it with a hearty good-will, wherever he goes. May his shadow continually grow less-that is, may light not be hid under a bushel.-Sydney mpire, March 17. 