UUUAUFUii AC'O'I UUNT AT UANLEV ' J'OT 'lKltlb.i. . I On Saturday after.ioou, 5th Nov., a frightful accident, caused by the carelessness of' an engine tender, took place at thu ' big pit,' at Far Green, llanley, one of the coal mines belonging to Earl Granville. At half-past two o'clock a 'cage' waa ascending with font teen men who had left olf work. A bell is fixed in the engine-house, and when the 'cage' is williiuu lew yards of the sitiTaeo, rings to signal to the engine tender to slop the engine, by which time the ' cage'' is at the surface, and the men get out. Unfortunately in this instance, just before the bell rung, lie allowed himself to be called away to speak lo some persons at the window, and while there the bell rung. lie ran to stop the engine, but as it is absolutely necessary to do this at the very moment the bell rings, he was unable to avert the mischief which ensued. Uaoli revolution of the ponderous machinery propels the 'cage'1 forty yards, aud the wheel, over which the rope attached to the ' cage' passes, being about thirty yards Irom the ground, the ' cage' was drawn up with great speed to the wheel, over which the rope was drawing it, and in so doing turned the edge of the ' cage,' which is open, towards the pit, when the lorce of the contact precipitated the unfortunate men out of the cuge. Six of the poor fellows fell down the pit beneath, and were dashed to pi. jes against the sides of the shafts. Three others fell on the pavement and the framework around the mouth of the pit, and were instantly killed. Four thrown iu a similar way were seriously injured, und one escaped iri a most extraordinary manner. The cage, in going over t'le wheel lei't him bohitid, and be escaped with only a severe shock. The cage, having snapped the rope, fell against one of the beam supporters, which it broke, and then fell with a crash on the pavement beneath, a portion of which it broke into fragments, and was itself greatly damaged by tbe fall. The d escending cage was sent with terrilie force to the bottom of the pit, forcing its occupants into violence collision with each other, and with the sides and roof of the cage, the upper roof of which was broken through by the falling bodies of the unfortunate men who had been thrown from the cage above, and who came down with a very heavy force. Although some of these men were severely injured, no one was kiilcd, or received wounds from which it ia expected they will not speedily recover. Lord Granville's agcn\ Mr. Septimus Bourke, came to the spot very shortly after (he melancholy occurrence, and sent for medical assistance, and thu po ir fellows who were lying about wounded wero properly attended to. Some were afterwards sont to the infirmary, where one shortly afterwards died, and one or two others arc not expected to live many days. The wounded men iu the pit were as soon as possible brought up, but the remains ol those killed were found to be so fright fully mutilated and scattered about that it was almost impossible to attach tlie por^pus of the bodies with any certainty as to t'tejidentity, and they wore left in the pit until cc&His; had been prepared for thorn. 'J'he engine te£0Jfr, who has borne a most excellent character hitOrto, left the pit directly after the accident oqgljjrrei], but was arrested in the course of tbe exiling, and at once admitted that his own carc leofiess had been tho cause of the accident. Jgii inquest has beonheld, and a verdict of man slGJliter returned against Gallard, the engine tcfiRir. Gallard was in charge of the policc, and w'Eucommitted to Stafford for trial. lie bears a ffltfll excellent character. J hat is a Jiowdy 1 — The American rowdy is a lie nuisance. Hear how the pour Dutch larford describes his sufferings at the hands ofone olS&ese; amiable beings: — ' Tcr rowdy combed in and axed me to sell him sum peer. I tells im he had more as would do him good. He call me one ole Tucli liar, and pegun to proke two tumblers. My vife she call for the vateh-ousc. Fore (le vatch-ouse got dare, de rowdy he kick Hans Scruggle behind his pack, kissed my taugli ter Peosy pefore her face, proke all the thump lers cept the old stone pitcher, and spelt my vife and todder peer parrels town into ter cellar.' A Sad Austra'ian Venture. — A few weeks ago we gave the particulars of the finding of 2400 ounces of gold in ten weeks at the Australian ? iiggings, by two young gentlemen who went thither from the neighbourhood of Lancaster — Mr. Watson an] Mr. Latham, Amongst tbe names of the cabin passengers lost with the unfor tunate Royal Charter we lind that of Mr Watson, who was coming home to be married to a young lady in Preston,— Preston Guardian. A Yankee Advocate. — The following plea of a spread-e;:gle lawyer needs no comment: — ' 3eu tlemen of the jury— Tbe Scripture saith, ' Thou sha't not kill!' Now, if you hang my client, yai break the command as slick as grease, and plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, mur der is murder, whether committed by twelve jury men or an humble individual like my client hav ing killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty I the han'm:in may do his duty, but that will not exonerate^you ! No such thing. In that case you will be mur derers. iv uo among you is prepared lor the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to day 1 Who, freemen — who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word, not one of you has a bowie knife or pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odor iferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and to bacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my unfortunate client and scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebraj of your anato mical construction is turned into a railroad lor the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing I Beware, I say, of med dling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of Woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you for the love yju have for the esculent and condimental gus.o op our native pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country I I adjure you by the Ame rican Eagle, that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmi gration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if von over expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made out of the Rocky Mountain buffalo — and to sum up all, if you ever cxpect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loalir.g, rascally, cut-throated, branded, small ends of' humanity, whittled down to indistinctiMlitu acquit my '-.lifiU and save your country.' The prisoner w-a . ..r ?qniiied.— Ontario Times. Atr humoral ?/.-./ iiin/ionest Clergyman. — The Acif- I'C.J'i . tl -V. ?. nukes a sad exposition of the clergyman who detected in Boston steal ing books. Uij name .-.as formerly Daniel L. M.'Gear, but lie had clumg/.d it Into Gear. He waa pastor of a Baptist church In I',. diester, New York, and waa deposed from the -ristry and excommunicated from the church in December, 1845, for the crimes of fornication and lying. He went to Maine, joined the Methodist chinch on probation, removed from one place to another, and with a lorged certificate got into full communion, and finally got air appointment over a church in Lynn. Subsequently the facts ol the Rochester troubles becutno known, and a great excitement was the consequence in Lynn. A portion ol the church took the part of the minuter, and the result was that n portion of the members acceded and raised an independent church, and Gear was in full feather; and under the patronage and de fence of the ltev. Parson Cooke, the congrega tional clergyman of tbo place, Gear continued pieaching to his new society until within a very short time, when this last act came out. Ai ciiiknt.s. — On tlie ltith Instunt, Mr J. For»tor, late nf l''azh'ornlil Swiimp, nnd formerly carrying on Imninisj as a builder in Hiuliurst, wan thrown from Ills horse ni'ur his own rcsldeneo, nnd the animal stiiQped uitli such foreo upon Mr I''n left leu as to cihihij a very ncvc-re compound comminuted fi-aciuro just below the knee Drs. Uiiiliby and Mncbntlie have been nl'i-ndiii); Mr I', silica tlio accident, but yreul feats are cutertidiied tlml the liijurius Hustnilied aro mi serious that amputation above tint kiioe will be ntcessary. — About six woeks uro we In timated that Mr M'Leuy, of Grove Farm, oil the Abor ciombie Itivor. lind, n few days previously, fallen duuii in his garden and broken his thigh. It appears thai ulioiit ten years ii|to he lud the misforiuno to break his It'i;, nnd in consequence of tbo novoie injuries sustained, amiiuta liiin w:is dtcnied neeesMiry, liis leg was conitqucuily at that limit amputated below tho knee. Six weeks UK' when ho had tile ii'.isforiuno ti- break Ids thigh, Dr. Wil kinson attended hilu, and last wcok Mr had bo far re covered, as to be able to move about, w hen uiifortunatily lie fell afjain, causing n compound fracturo of tho thigh ; he was brought into IJathurst, anil on tbe lGtti instant L)r. Maclnittle amputated tho thigh, and 'deBCribo-' him as programing very favourably.— A lotv days ago a person ilrtinoil Cooper was thrown from Ills horse at the Isaabelln dlegings, an l by tlin I'orco of tbo fall his right arm was broken ; ho eamo to Uailuirst and w.iS r.ttondod by Dr. Machatlio, who, having set the bone, gives a favorable account of the siato of his patient. — JJathurit paper. 