LAYING TEE FO UN" DAT'ION- STONE j OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AT j BINALUNG. I jn-.ot: our srEci.tt rn-op.tek. j Tnz benitiful and interesting cereinonv of laying the foumlation-stone of tbe Catholic j C'hiircb to be erected at Biualong took, place on Mor.dav last. Hie site of the church — a : .gut of ten ecres by Edward" Ryan. E?q., of i Gaiur.g — is cn the face of a beautiful and ! picturesque elevation adjacent to the town. ' The church will be built of stone, in 'plain ' style of Gothic.-aad -when completed, cannot ; fail to prove an interesting and very grati- j fying feature in Ihe township. vTueSavwas i highly propitious, and the attendance on she ' occasion was very large (including a number I of ladies). Amongst the. crowd- we observed j the genr-rous donor of the -site — Edward ! llyan. K?q. : also J. N. Ryan, Esq.. M.R ; j C. O'Rrien, Esq.. J.I'., of Bendenine; Dr. M. O'Connor, of Yass ; Mr. J. Lehane.x-f Rec-dv ; Creek, fire.. Ac. The Cereinoiiy was. hv mission of hi? Grace .the Archbishop -cf j- .Sydney, conducted by tlie Reverend Fathers MeAlroy and Beriningiiaut. Idass was i celebrated at eleven o'clock in the temporary : building at present' devoted to public wor- ship — tbe. Rev. P. Bcnningbam officiating, j On the termination of ma?s a procession was i fitmed in. the following ender: — Master j Barry, as cross-bearer ; Masters Ryan and C-stello, as acolvtes ; members of .the con gregation ; the officiating ministers — Father Meslroy wearing a richly ornamented cope and stole, ami I-'atber Birmingham in su;- i piice and sir.-!.. Or. reaching the ground I on which the church is to be erected, and j where, on the future site of the altar, w as j placed a large wooden cress, the clerics read aloud' tbe beaniifnl psalm, " How lovelv I are thy tabernacles. O Lord." Fathe'r I MeAlroy then recited the prayer, "Lord j God, wiio, although the heaven and earth j cannot encompass you," Ac., and then blessed the foundation-stone. Having sprinkled it I with holy water, he, with the trow el, marked ! the sign of the cross on the stone "in the I name of the Father, snd of the Son, and of | the Holy Ghost;" and prayed that the ' "Lord won'.d bless this creature of stone, j and grant, through the invocation of Lis j holy name, that those who with pure in- j '.ention contributed- to the erectiou of this climcb would obtain health of bodv and : soundness qf mind." The psalm " Unless I the Lord build the house," Ac., having been j j read aloud. Father McAlrny, placing the I | stone in the foundation, saiil, -"In the faith ' of Jesns Christ we place, in this foundation, i this flrst stone, in the name of the Father, j | the icon, and the Holy Ghost; to the end that j : the true faith, the fear of God, and fraternal ' charity may flourish here, and that this 1 ' place be set apart for prayer to praise and j i invoke the name of the saute Lord Jestis i I Christ, who, with the Father and the IIol" ! ' Ghost is one God, blessed for ever and ever." i j The atone bating b-.-en fixed in the fouuda- ; I tinn, and the psalm Miunrt read aloud. ' j Father MeAlroy sprinkled the foundation ! j with holy water, and eonoluded tlie beautiful ! 1 ceremony by reading the prayers appointed : by the Church for such occasions. The Rev. j Mr. Bermingham then preached an impres- ; sive discourse, of which tiie following is a ; brief synopsis: — The annunciation to the : Messed -virgin -that she was to bring forth the world's Redeemer was indeed a beactifrl : arid consoling tact. The promise of a , .Saviour was co-tvil with the history of our . race, when to Adam the promise was mad: that the se.-d of the woman sbottid bruise tbe serpent's bead. The promise was giver, to the patriarchs, nnd the prophet? foretold frem age to are that Chris: should com: ! ii.to the world ; aud. when Ili? own good i time bad- arrived. His angel Gabriel" ap- ; pear:,'- before the humble maid of Nazareth, ; an-i made her acquainted with the awful and imiy mysteries in which she was de-stmed to act so prominent a part. And when a: I b-ireth Christ was Lorn- in the'Cr.sh, he asso ciated with sinners — be talked with them, hi sat with th--.qi, eat with them, and was call-.-fi by the Pharisees tbe friend of sinners. 01\. ! it was not simply to pray to him .that th-.-y had c-omn together that day, but -to prepare ft dwelling for God, now" as revally as truly with inem in tbe .Holy Eucharist a? !;e was with Teu-r aud hi- viigiii mother before his death, aud as , j He is uow iu heaven. They, had sprinkled ; the fou'i'latioi,.? and the altar with water , it? symbolical of purity of soul, and they erected tire ctos? of Christ, lor king toward? I the east, because it was from the east th .: i the bumble maid of Nazareth received the jo? fu! infllig-pco tl.r t ?!i: wr? ciios-n . to give biitli to the world's Redeemer It was in tlie east. too. thst John the Baptist bell-Ad oar St'vinur apppoaching te htm on tbe banks of Jordan — from the east the Spirit, in the shap>e of a dove, alighted upon him. when tbe very cloudlets appeared emanations of his glcwy : aud hence it was common for Catholic churches to be erected facing the east, tlie cradle oT Christianity. Tliev had dedicated this Church to St. Peter and St. Paul, and they should uow look to them as their patrons aud- prutectors. rbey would recollect that w hen Christ chose Peter, he called -him Cephas— a stooe — and upon that stone He would build His church. When He asked " Whom do men say that I am?" The disciples replied, giving the various opinions of the multitude: bnt when the Saviour pointedly asked " Whom do you say- that I ? ' Peter, »xclai:iied that he was Christ the son of the living God. It was to Peter that.Cbrist.transmrrted the care of his elutich on earth, when l.e said " Feed iny slietp;" and thrice was tliat order related to him. This authority was inherited by tlie successors ol Peter, anil by virtue of -that authority did the Archbishop commission tire in to officiate there that day. Tiie reverend father proceeded to give a biogra phical sketch -cf -tlie patron saints of the Catholic Church about to be erect d, both of whotn had suffered martyrdom in the year of Ged sixty-five. Pvt-.-r was .crucified with l.is head downward?; and Paul beheaded, buthotthemsealingthcfaith with their blood. »To them was given a boon denied to the patri- a'chs of old — denied also to the prophets — for while they worshipped the. shade of Deity in the old temple, thev (Lis hearers) had the Incarnate G?-d present in their midst; and, oh ; he trusted they would prove their love ! tor that God who died and gave his heart's blood for them — that they would continue to love and be devoted tr»J.at church iu which thev and their children had been nurtured and baptised, and prove it by their offertugs that day. After the .sermon «. collection was made, and when returning thanks Father Berming- liam told his hearers that the sum contri buted amounted to. £L2'L .This concluded the day's proceedings, in which all present seemed to take a warm interest, aud we. may be permitted to congratulate our Catholic friends in the Biialoug District" on the pro bability of their speedily being able to meet for purposes of prblic worship in a handsome and more suitabl: edifice than the temporary | and uu imposing .structure now utsed by .them. 