THE CLOUDB/ILAKCINGS. (PROM MODERN PAINTERS, HY JOHN RUSKIN, M.A. WE havo soon that whoa tho earth lind to bo propared for tho habitation of man, a voit, as it were, of intermediate being was spread between him and its darkness, in which wore joined, in a subdued moasure, tho stability and insensi- bility of the oartb, and tho passion and perish- ing of mankind; But tho heavens, also, had to be proparod for his habitation. Botwoon their; ' burning light,-their deep vacuity, and man/as betwoon tho earth's gloom of iron substance, and man, a veil had to bo'spread of intermediate being, which should appoase tho unendurable .glory to tho level of human feoblonoss, and sign the ohangoloss motion of tho hcavons.with asomblanco of human vicissitude Botwoon tho earth and rh an arosei tho loaf. ? Between tho. heaven and mnn carno tho cloud. His lifo being partly ns tho falling leaf, and partly as tho flying vapour.1 HOB tho reader any distinot idea of what clouds ara? Wo had some talk about them long .ago, and porhaps thought thoir nature, though at that timo not clear to us, would bo easily onough understandable when wu put ourselves seriously: to, make it out. Shall wo begin with one or two easiest ques- tions ?'.'That' mist which lies in'tho morning so softly in the valley, lovel and white, through' whioh tho tops of tho troos riso as if through ari inundation-why is it so heavy ? and why doos; it Ito so low, being yot so thin and frail that it wlU moH away uttorly into splendour of morning,-: when tho sun has shono on it buta'fow. ruomonts moro. Thoso colossal pyramids, hugo and firm, with outlines as of rooks, and. strength to boar tho boating of tho high sun .full on their fiery flanks - why aro thoy so light,-thoir bases high over our hoads, high over tho hoads of Alps ? why will thoso molt away, not ns tho sun risos, but ns ho descends, and loavo tho stars of twi- light oloar, while the valloy vapour gains again upon tho oarth Uko a shroud? Or that ghost of a cloud, which steals by yonder clump of pines ; nay, which does not steal by thom, but haunts thom, wroathlng yet round thom, and yet--and yot,- slowly : now falling ? in a fair waved line, like a woman's voil ', now fading, now gone; wo look uwny for an instant, and look back, .and it is again there, ....What, has' it to do with that clump of pines,, that it broods by thonynnd weaves itself among their branches, to and fro?". Has it'.'hidden a cloudy treasure among the-moss at their roots, which it watches thus ? Or has some strong enchanter charmed it into fond returning, or bound it fast within those bars of bough ? . And yonder flimsy crescent, bent like an archer's bow abovo the snowy summit, the highest of all tho bill,-that white arch which never forms but over tho supremo crest, -how is it stayed there, repelled apparently from the snow-nowhere touching it, tho clear sky seen between it and the mountain edge, yot never leaviug it-poised as a white bird hovers over its nest ? Or those war-clouds that gather on the horizon, dragon-orested, tongued with fire ; how is thoir barbed strength bridled ? what bits are these they are champing with their vaporous lips ; flinging oil flakos of blank foam ? Leagued leviathans of tho Sea of Heaven, out of thoir nostrils gooth smoke, and their ey63 aro like the eyelids of the morning. The sword of him that layoth at them cannot hold tho spear, the dart, nor the habergeon. Where ride tho captains of thoir armies ? Where are set the móasures of their march ? Fierce mur- murers, answering each other from morning until' evening-what rebuke is thia which has awedtbem into peace? what hand has reined them back by the.way by which they came ? I know not if the reader rwill think at first that questions like these are easily answered. So far from it, I rather believe that some of tho I mysteries of the clouds never will be under sViod by UP at nil. " Knowcst thou the balanc- ings nf the clouds?" Is the, ans wer ever to> be one of fctido ? " The wondrous works of .Him which is pwfect in knowlodgo ?'? Is our know ledgo ever be so?; It "'is ..one of the most discouragi»i^r consequences of the varied character ot this ,x0rlr of mine, that I am wholly unable to taVo note of tho'advanco of modern, science, ^hat has conclusively been discovered or observe about clouds, I know not; but by the chance vrjquiry possible to mo I find no book which fa\»\y states the difficulties of accounting for even IW ordinary aspects of tho sky. I shall, therefore bo ablo in this section to do little more than suggest inquiries to tho reader, putting the subject An a clear form for him. All men accustomed to investigation will confirm me in saying that it is a great stop when we aro personally quite certain what i we do not know. Pirsf, then, I believe we do not know what-makes clouds float. Clouds aro water, in soráo fino'form or another; but wátor is heavier than air, and tho finest'form.you can give a heavy, thing will not make it float in a light thing. On it,-yotf ; as a boat : but t>» " it, no, ' Clouds aro not boats, nor boat-shaped, and thoy float, in-tba air, .not on the top, of it. ''Nay,: but though unlike botits^ may; they " not bo lifco. feathers ? If out of quill substance" thora inay be constructed eider-down, : and out of vegotnble tissue thistle-down, both buoyant enough for a time, surely of water-tissue >may: bo constructed also water-do wn, which .will bo buoyant enough I for all olouày purpososi" Not so. Throw out. your eider, plumage .'n " calm day, and it will all como.settling to'tho'ground ;: «lowly iudcpd, to aspect ; but practically so fast that all bur finest clouds would bo here in a heap about out' oars in an hour or two, if they wero only made of water-feathers; " But may they not bo1 quill feathors, and havo air' insido thom! Moy not all' 'their Particles ba minuto little I balloons'?"' 4 A balloon ' only floats' when tho j air insido it is either specifically, or by heating, lighter y than the. air 1it ¡ floats in. If tho; cloud . feathers had warm air insideithoir. quills, a cloud- would bo; warmer than tho air about it, which it is not (I,boliove); And if tho oloud-ioutbers had hydrogen! insido their quills, a cloud would bo unwholesome for breathing; which it is not-at least sd it Booms' to mo. " But may thoy not have nothing in- sido their quills ?".; Thon they would ! rise, as bubbles do through water, just as certainly ns if they wero solid feathers, they,would fall. All our clouds would go up to thc top of tho air, and swim in eddies of cloud- foam. '"'But is not that just what thoy do?" No. They float at different heights, and with definite'forms, in' tho body of tho air itsolf. . If thoy roso lileo foamy the shy on a cloudy day would look Uko a very largo flat glass of champagno seen from below, . with ' a stroani of 'bubbles > (or clouds) going up as fast as they could to aflat foam ceiling; "But may thoy' not' bo just so nicely mixed out of something and nothing ns to float whore they aro wanted ?" Yos ; that is just what thoy not only may, but must bo ; only this way of .mixing something and nothing is the very thing I want to explain or huve ex- plained, and cannot do it, nor got it dono. Excopt thus far. It is concoivablo that minuto hollow spherical globules might bo formed of .water, in which tho enclosod vacuity, just I balanced tho weight of tho enclosing water, and that tho arched sphoro formed by tho watery film was strong onough to prevent tho pressuro of tho atmosphere from brenking it in. Such a glóbulo would float lileo a balloon nt tho height in tho atmosphore whero tho equipoise botwoon tho vacouum it closed, and its, own excess , of woígüt above mat ot tue air, was exact. It -would, .probably, approach, its com- panion globules by rooiprooal attraction, and form aggregations which might bo visible This is, I boliovo, the view usually talton bymotoor ologists. I state it is as possibility, to bo taken into account in examining tho question - rt possibility oonfirmod by tho scriptural words which I have taken for tho title of this chapter. Nevertheless, I state it ns a possibility only, not seeing how any known oporation of physical law could explain tho formation of suoh mole- cules. This, howovor, is not tho only dilliculty. Whatovor shapo . the water is thrown into, it seems at first improbable that it should loso its proporty of wetness. Minuto division of rain, as in " Scotch mist," makos it capable of iloat ing farther, or floating up and: down, a little, just tis dust will float, though pebbles.will not; or gold-leaf, though a Bovoroign will not; but minutoly divided rain wots as much as any oilier, whoroas a cloud, partially always, some ti mos ontiroly, loâos its,powor.of moistening. Somo low clouds look, when you aro iii them, na if they woro made of spocltB of dust, Uko short hairs ; and these clouds aro entirely dry. And also manyoloudB will wot somo substances, but not others. So that wo must grant farther, if wo aro to bo happy in our theory, that tho spher- ical molecules aro hold together by an attraction which provonts thoir adhering to any foreign body, or perhaps consos only undor somo pecu- liar oleotrio conditions. Tho question romains, ovon supposing thoir production accounted for,-What intormodiato. states of wator may oxlst botwoon thoso sphorlcnl hollow molooulcs and puro vapour? Mas tho roidorovor con- sidered tho relations of commonest forms of vo- latile substtinco ? Tho invisiblo partidos which causo tho scont of a roso leaf, how minuto, how multitudinous, passing richly , away into thé1 air con- tinually 1'' Tho visible cloud of frankincense why visible?'.".la ititi consequence of tbo greater quantity, or larger BIKO ot the particles, and bow does Ute heat act in throwing them oif in this qunntity, or of this size? Ask tho sarao ques- tion respecting water. It dries, that is, becomes volatile, invisibly, ut (any ?) temperature Snow dries, as water does. Under incrcaso of,heat, it volatilizes Castor, so as to become dimly visible in largo mass,.as ii heat-huze. It reaches boil- ing point, then becomes entiroly visible. But eompresR it,, so that no nir shall got botweon the watery pnrticles-it is invisible again. At the first issuing from tho steum-pipo the steam is transparent ; but opaque, or visible, as it diffuses itself. The water is, indcod, closer, be- cause coolor, in that diffusion ; but mora air is bot»veen its particles. Then this very question of visibility is an endless one, waver int: between form ol substanco and action of light. The clearest (or least visible) s Iron in becomes brightly opaque by more minuto division in its foam, and tho clearest dow in hoar-frost. Dust, unperceived in shade, becomes constantly visible in Bitnhcam ; and watery vapour in the atmosphere which is itself opaque, when there is promise of find, weather, becomes exquisitely transparent ; and (questionably) blue, when it is . going to rain., Questionably blue ; for besidos knowing very litt'o about water, wo . know what, except by courtesy, must, I think, be called Nothing-about air. Is it tho watory vapour, or the air itself, which' is bluo? Are neither blue, but only white, producing bina when seen over dark spaces ? If either blue, or white, why, when crimson is their commanded dress, are the most distant clouds crimsonest ? Clouds close - to us- may bo blue, but far off* galdón,-a strange result, if the air is blue. And again.i if blue, why aro rays ' that come through largo spaces of it red *, and that Alp« or anything else that catches far-away light, why colourodred at¡ dawn aud sunset? No ono knows, 1 believe. It is truo that many sub Btanoes, as opal, aro blue, or groen, by reflected light, yellow by transmitted ; but air, if blue at all, is blue always by transmitted light. I hear of a wonderful solution of noltles, or other unlovely herb, which is green when shallow, red when doop. Perhaps somo day, as tho motion of tho heavenly bodies by holp of on ".role, thoir light by help of a nettlo, may be oxpujpoj to, mankind. But farther ; these quostio,s 0f. volatility, and visibility, and hue, aro nil . complicated with thoso of shapo. Hbw ¡s a cloud outlined ? Granted whatever you o)0ose to ask, concerning its material, or its aspo-t, its loftiness, and lumtn-; ousness-how of its limitation ? "What hows it into a heap, or'spíns ltV»to a web? Cold is usually shapeless, I suppo^ extending over largo spaces equally, or with gradual diminu- tion, You cannot have, in the opi»a¡r) angles, and wodges, and coils, and cliffs of vijd, Yet the vapour stops suddenly, sharp and s'wp a rock, or thrusts itself aoross tho gato¡.0£ .heaven in likeness of a brazen bat' ,' or brails itself in and ont, and across and across, like a tissue of tapestry ; or falls into ripples, like sand; or into waving shreds and .tongues, as firo. On what anvils and wheels is tho vopour pointed, twisted, hammered, whirled, as tho potter'? Clay? By whist hands ia tho incense^ pf. the ' set . Wilt tip. into domes' of - marblo?' And, lastly, all- these questions' rcspccting.subslanco, and aspect, and shnpo, nnd line, rind division, aro involved with others,as' inscrutable, concerning action. Tho curves in which clouds' move aro unknown ; na)', tho vory method «f tlioir motion, or appa- rent motion, how far it is hy oh nu go of placo, how far by appoaranco in ono placo and vanish- ing'from Another. - And thoso questions about I movement lead partly [far awoy into high mathe- matics, where I cannot follow thom, and partly into thoorios concerning electricity and infinito space, whoro I supposo ut present no ono can follow thom, i What, then, is tho uso pf asking .the questions? ,For my . own part, I enjoy tho mystory, and perhaps thc reader may. I think he ought. - He'should not bo loss grateful for summer rain, or seo loss beauty in tho clouds of morning, because, they como to provo him with hard questions ; to which, perhaps, if wo look oloso at tho heavenly scroll we may find also a syllablo or two of, answer illuminated hero and there. ' , . . , ' , 