TIIE TWO WIVES. Titf. tea-things were removed, the chil dren had gone to bed, and ChstrlesLighio, throwing down his newspaper, seated himself on the sofa beside his wife. A hand slid into his own, thinner arid less, delicate than when, long ago, it had first met his — but tho same confiding, loving ltutid ; and out). of the fulness of her heart the good wife spoke. " I have been thinking, Charles," said she, "as T watched this bright firelight flickering over ottr com fort able room, how' happily wc live; ltoiv much we ought to do for others, in return fur the blessings that are daily heaped upon our heads." __ — I — — Ie»rG;t ,T' crJ"he"ropl ied' 'burflielcT blessings are earned by daily work. \< u women sit at, home by your com fortable fires, and little think how your husbands or fat hers are toiling nionniiine to procure the shelter, and fuel, and fond, for which you are so grateful to Providence." An arch smile lighted the still pretty face as the wife answered, "Alt, and you husbands and fathers eiitcr the or- dt'ilyi; house, and 'cut the ivcil-couked, punctual meals, and play with the neat,, well-dressed and .well-disciplined chil dren, and enjoy the evening comfort nnd repose, without thinking lioiv your wife, with head, and hand, and heart, must, have toiled to bring about these quiet -results. I might easily give ynu a pruc- tica) proof of what 1 have asserted ; but I delight in having you think of home us a place for enjoyment and repose — a warm, sunny harbour, after the storms and chills of the wurld outside ; there fore I take my own rest at the time you take yours. Ts not this better than to be always keeping before you, by help of a little management, the conviction that T am a weary victim ? Our interest.-, are mutual, and I feel that the conscious ness that I am resting adds to your repose." iMr.Lighto's face glowed with pleasure at his wife's candid, simple, confiding words; she sympathised with nnd under stood him. How ho -loved- her ! How good, and true, and gentle she had always Xeeti 1 Thus ho thought, as they both But dreaming by the fireside. Mrs. Liglito awoke first from her re verie ;- she was not aecustutned to waste time in dreams. " Clunks," said she, " while I think of it, for I forgot it this morning, tho lump sugar is all out; we must have unrulier loaf" Tliev had been married some years, ntid the transition from sentiment to household words was natural. , "" . This sugar question brought Charles Lighte back to tlm purpose for which lie had thrown aside his newspaper. " Don't you think, Carrie," said - Ire, " that now we have so many. children, .and they are all young, we might use 't ,innist sugar instead of lump?1' " What, shall I do for company ?" said his wife, " nnd, besides, children have as sensitive palates as wo have I recollect how, in my childhood, "I. disliked coarse) cheap food." " And now your family are all epi cures," suirl her husband. " What 1" said Mrs. Lighte, " all gluttons?" " Oh, nn," was the reply, "hut if tho meat has been kept an hour too long, or bread a trifle stale, or eggs not new, or the pudding heavy, nothing will do but you must procure a substitute. The things arc not. really had,; many would cat them for the sake of economy." "Is there no goor/ result from my epicureanism?" asked his wife. . " Yes," said' Mr. Lighte; " I am wil ling to own that, no man 1ms more nu tritions and palatable food cm his table than 1 have ; but, Carrie, the times are bard, nnd we must begin to economise." " Now I understand," said she, " you have been talking with Mr. Murke. I thought, you meant to dissolve your co partnership iu the spring. That, man will spoil ynu with his meanness." " I cannot afford to dissolve yet.," said Mr. Lighte; "my family expenses are too heavy. And besides, I am not, sure that, hut what you call meanness in Murke is, after all, commend ..bio fore sight. Do you to t remember what, a spendthrift lie was in his first wife's time ?" " No, Charles. I remember that when we were lovers we used to admire, his generous, disinterested conduct. I do not know it man' whose position was more truly enviable than his, at tho time of which we speak." " What !" exclaimed Mr. Lighte, "besieged by high and low for help- — never sure of a moment at his own com mand ? Ho yon rail it enviable to be at ever one's heel; and call ?" "His pleasure lay in his duty," said Mrs. Lighte. " 1 1,, w his honest face would gloiv wit!) delight, as in his boyish way he walked up at.d down our p iriour, lelutiug tiie success of soiue benevolent s scheme ! What a pity be could not have died then !— tho rough exterior would have fallen -away from astr.ong. yet gentle soul, as beautiful and radicnt, as an angel." . ; "But, Carrie, -you little enthusiast, what would have happened to his wife and children? Had AVilliam Mnrkc died ten .years. ago tlicy might have been in-tlic pOor-house, ,for lie had not. saved a penny then; now they will all iuherit handsome fortunes." v " Oh, Charles, -you cannot be in ear nest! Tho world had not so blinded you, but you must fuel that the wealth in his put'ao is a poor compensation for the wealth that is fast dying out of his soul. Think what a cheerless home; think how his children nre neglected, how ignorant they arc allowed to remain of all the courtesies and amenities of life, and what little scarecrows in ap pearance 1" i "Scandal/Carrie, Scandal !" said Mr. Lighte. " Truth !" she replied. " But, a truth is as bad us scandal. That second wife will be his, ruin -yet. — mark tny prophecy! She has retrenched, until she lias scraped all the beauty and polish and gilding, all tho treasure and worth out of his, house, and poured them into his money- hags. Is that an advantage? Is money better than the money's worth ? Miserly people worship the symbol, and forget or iu gleet thetruth it symbolises." " Yrou are too hard upon Mrs. Murke," said Mr. Lighte. " She brought her husband a small dowry, and had a right to demand that ho should add his share to the family fund. She is caving for bis. children." " Of what 'advantage will money he, when tlicy do not know how to. u«o and enjoy it?" snid Mrs. Lighte. " Wealth only lifts vulgarity a'ud contempt.. But, Charles, let us leave the Murkes to manage their own way ; and tell me what you think of sending tho children to n dancing-school ; they are .quite old enough, and if you think you cannot 'afford the expense, I can do very well without the silk dress you promised me." "I ant tired of those old dresses you have turned so many times," said her husband; "you must have the silk; and as for the children, pray what real need is there for their learning to dance." " It. is nn elegant accomplishment," replied Mrs. Lighte; "It makes them graceful and genteel; prepares them in short for tho society in -..which we hope they will maintain an'. honorable place." "/How nmhTfious you are 1 But have your own way ; I will trust a mother's instinct against all reasoning." \- The ghosts of Mr. and Mrs. Murke bud vanished, but only for one evening; day after day tlicy returned to perplex and weary, but never vanquish good Mrs Lighte. It was — " Currie, Murke has taken a. house out of town. G'lie runt is cheaper, but that's not the best — he assures me that by moving lie is rid of scores of relatives and frieuds who formerly made a convenience of his bouse. Now the next bouse to Murke's, be tells me, is unoccupied — had wo not better remove thither f" " Let us remain where wc are, my husband," said Mrs. Lighte; "anil while we have a crust of bread, let us share it with our friends." So Mr. Lighte went cheerfully to his office, rejoicing that Providence had given him so wise a helpmeet. But the ghosts returned. " How quiet you arc, Carrie!" said Mr. Lighte. ' - " To tell the truth," she replied, "my teeth have ached for a-fort.nighr,"and'J.' urn half worn out with the paiu." " Why did you not ted mo earlier ?" said her husband. " Pray go to a den tist immediately" " I knew this would be the first thought with you; and dentists ask such exorbitant prices, I could not hear to add 'one of 'Mr. Bonus's bills to our expenses-; hut ! will wall; ns far as his house with you this very nfternouu." "That's right; yet, Carrie, now I remember, Murke recommended a Mr. Huddle, who stops teeth for just half what Bemis charges." " Is that till he told you ?" said Mrs. Lighte — " Yes," replied Mr Lighte "Mr Huddle stopped Mrs Murkes's teeth so bad!-," continued. Mra. Lighte, " that in three-years half of them hud broken out, nnd the other half wore , blackened with decay; even after this, their oldest daughter was sent to the same pcrsou, and her fiuo teeth will be sacrificed in consequence." " But Huddle is making a beautiful sot of false teeth for Mrs. Murke," said Mr. Lights. " You'll Boon see if they are not always breaking, aud.set in such brassy gold (bat they will fill bcr inbutli with canker." "Ah, I yield, you are forcsighted !" and the husband and wife departed .on their way to Dr. Beamis's shop. Yht the ghosts tracked them home again. "Carrie," said Mr. Lighte, " Mrs. Murke has sent away her servant; and her board and wages and waste are cub- tractcd at once from I be family ex penses; do you not think we might do the same?'' ' ' " No, my dear. I am constantly and fully occupied already." "I know that,, but Murke says you can get- worlds of work out of child ten ; keep Ellon at home front school awhile, the rest from study will do her good. ; Edward can clean the boot.«, &c.; and j the little ones also may, be gradually i drawn into harness." ? "My children are notcolts ! " 'Mrs. ) Lighte had never addressed her husband ! witli so much asperity . before. "It is ; but a little tlicy could do at best, and why compel them to this? As we are not too sure that iu after life care and (oil wiil be their lot; and well for them, poor tbimrs, if it do liot tiiuke up the : whole sum of their lives!" " Let us prepaio them for it then by j early, .touching," said Mr. Lighte. " YcV " said Mis. Lighte, "by the : leaching of example; we .shall never made them indu-trious men and women : by di gu.-.Ling (hem with Week in their childhood jidet us accustom them to a cheerful, orderly household, to palatable food, and decent clothing; they will not readily submit to a change in- after years. Let us make our children re member home as a pleasant place, not as a theatre of exactions, mortifications, and querulous complaints." The ghosts came otiec more ; and the children. were. sitting with their mother, the influence of the Murkes was this time vanquished and annihilated. " Carrie, Murko and I have been comparing expenses, and it frightens me to find my own triple the amount of his; wc must retrench " " In what way ?" she asked. I am ready." "In a hundred ways," ho replied. " Qur house is too largo, our fires are too numerous, our table is too luxurious, our children dress too well, wc have too much company, our pew at church is too expensive ;- tho Murkes have a pew close -by the door, (bey h#ar quite a3 well, and only pay half the sum that is required for ours; they shut up two-thirds of their house, and are thu3 rid of ,tho ex pense of-fuel." " Wait a minute," said Mrs. Lighte; "their- water-pipes have frozen and flooded it three times -this .winter;; tho expense of repairing costs mure than tons ofcoul." "That was only nn accident," snid Mr. Lighte. " Murke covers his fires with damp ashes, and the coals burn half as long agaiu in consequence" "Yes," said Mrs. Lighte, "and their sitting-room is like Greenland." " Cool rooms-make children hardy," returned Mr. Lighte. " Oh, father," broke in a little voice, "don't attempt to heat our room with ashes and water! Coming home from school the other day I should have cried with cold, but I kept thinking of our good, bright fire."- "Yes," outspoke another, "and last week I called Willie Murke in here to warm bis bands, he looked so-cold as lie was running by. lie said he wished that lie hud a mother like mine." "Ilusli, children, don't interrupt when your 'mother and I are talking," said .Mr. Lighte.; then turning to lii.s wife lie continued, "-the butcher calls hero, Carrie, twice a.jveek.j-inid-M urke says tlicy use salted and dried meat., which tliev procure at wholesale prices, and piolde it themselves." " Do you like pork very much ?" whispered Lizzie Jjiglitc, pulling her mother's sleeve. "And Mrs. Murke docs' nt use butter nor lard for making cakes," continued Mr. Lighte; "a little cheap shop (hip ping, they assured lite, will answer every purpose." " L know one thing," ventured Lizzie, " I'm glad mother doc-su't use it." "Then -those potatoes, small and poor as they are, cost more than a halfpenny a piece. Murke substitutes suet dump lings." " Boiled i>i cabbage water,,. I suppose, nnd of course very palatable! Give me another piece of chicken, Charles, if you please," was Mrs. Lighte' s only reply. " What do t Ley make instead of rice- pudding?" asked Lizzie, who was very, i'otid of the latter delicacy. Mrs. Lighte looked smilingly for her husband's answer. " Tiiey do not eat sucli luxuries, my child. Mr. Murke is saving against he grows old." " Why, futhcr, nc will take care of you when you are old ; and I mean to have u home ju>t like, ours," said the child. " Yet the Murkes do have some luxuries, for when the calte gets burnt, as is frequently the case, Mary brings somo to school for her luncheon ; she says her mother told her that it would make her breath sweet, but that solid cake was poisonous; I shouldn't think she'd give poison to her company." The ghost was banished ; but- the thrifty woman, known us Mrs. Murne, came one last time to tho home of Charles Lighte. There was to be a funeral .on_the. morrow.; the sofa by the fireside was empty, and dust was gathering over the workbox that stood on the centre table; a group of children were huddling to gether, crying as if their hearts would break. ' After a toil of life she bad folded her bands at last, nnd the corpse of Carrie lay waiting for burial — Carrie, tho pro vident mother, the faithful wife, the good, gentle, sympathising friend; and as Charles Lighte stood watching her, with, sorrow too deep for tears, Mrs. Murke came, the said, to offer conso lation. "Yes, she was good, nnd a kind neighbour to nte," said Mrs. Murke. "I shall never forget her early influence over toy husband.; but, Mr. Lighte, we must nut waste time in gt'ief, and every sorrow has its compensations- -you have now one less to support iu these hard times. Your wife had a great many children, and was ambitious for them, and liked to keep up a gooit appearance in the world. Site was an excellent, woman, but you may find another that will do as well as she, and save your money besides." " Alt," broke fortli the husband, too grieved for anger, ".-ho spent the money for us; she watched, and planned, mid wasted all her Strang! h for our welfare ; this house is full of the works of Iter hands! My heart, is full of roeo!!ectioti> of her patient love ntid industry. I have too often pained the gentle heart thut is sleeping here by repeating your advice Yesterday, my partnership with your husband was dissolved ; to day, Mrs Murke, I beg leave to dissolre my acquaintance v,i:lt yourself." And they buried her, that good Carrie. "IVith the Iruit of bcr hands" she had " planted a vineyard ;" aud when she was dead her hu.-band aud i children dwelt- therein. The Murkes added gold to gold, and "laded their souls witli thatlh'ck clay." They built a finevhou-e, arid gave a great formal party every year; then covered I the furniture, packed away 'the silver, ! looked the parlours, and lived iu a few j small back room.-. j i- Mr, Murk'/.- daughters married early; to escape their ungenial home they ac- ceptcd tho first adventurers that offered themselves, and one hy one came back to her father, with wasted health, and ruined hopes, nnd a family of children. Ilis sons rushed into dishonesty and ex travagance, aud were n living disgrace and sorrow to the parents' hearts. Doling out with many' a sigh tho scanty pittance which they consider needful for the wants of their children nnd. grandchildren, Mr. -and A'lrs. Murke live alone in their house, pore over newspapers and deeds, discuss stocks, IiuikL, and notes, and fuel miserably poor; as well they may, who have lost their souls' for tiie Eako of that which pcrishcth. Mr. Liglito, with sufficient- property for all his wants, divides his time be tween many households, all copies of the dear one lie can never forget ; and in each of which ho is cageriy welcomed and cared for with watchful love. His children continually dcvelope before .his eyes the traits which lie has now lunrnod to appreciate in his buried wife. They have taken the place in society for which their mother fitted .them, have m-irried into good families, are sur rounded with refined friends, nnd make themselves attractive by whatever among the comforts and elegancies of life' may he within tli'cir reach. As Charles Lighte, nn old man now, sits thus at the fireside of his children, and watches his daughters, ornaments to society, blessings to their homes, com forters to the destitute — and his sons, forward in all good works and manly enterprises — teat's, not of loneliness, hut of. gratitude; fill his eyes, and lie thinks how the good wife, " being dead, yet speaketh." Yea, "let her own works praise her." Reader; I would not disparage the excellent and needful virtue of economy; but only snggost by this sketch, drawn from actual life, that, there is a judicious ex pen d i t n rc wh i chl'c.i'dst'o7\vea 1 1 IryTiTrd" ' a niggardly accumulation which leads to misery. 