NEW BAPTIST CHAPEL IPSWICH. ON Lords' day last, a new chapel was opened in connection with the Baptist denomination, Ipswich, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. B. G. Wilson, of Brisbane, to large and atten- tive audiences. On Tuesday evening, a tea meeting was held, after which addresses were delivered of a denominational and general interest, and the appended report of the use and progress of the church was read. The meeting was of an enthusiastic character, and so numerously attended that large numbers had to return, not able to obtain admittance into the chapel. The speakers were the Revds. B. G. Wilson, (chairman),—Weiss, and W. Curnow (Wesleyans), Voller, (Sydney), and Messrs. Roberts, Reeve and Kingsford. The following is a synopsis of the Report:— In the summer of last year the Rev. B. G. Wilson and Mr. Thomas Stephens, on their way to the Downs, passed through Ipswich, and called on our venerable friend the Rev. Thomas Deacon. Conversation on religious topics and the propriety of estabishing worship and teaching in accordance with the convictions of the Baptists followed, and the determination was formed, on the first favourable opportunity, to gather the members of that community in the town and neigh- bourhood together for the formation of a Church, and the exhibition and enforcement of Gospel truth, including the teachings of Christ on the subject of Baptism, viz., the immersion of believers "in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." Shortly after Messrs. Gregory and Hinton, members of the Church in Sydney, under the pastoral care of the Rev. J. Voller, having removed thence to reside in Ipswich, it was thought a fitting time to carry the determination into effect. Accordingly a meeting was held on Friday, 23rd June, 1859, in the house of the Rev. Thomas Deacon. Heaven's guidance was implored, and the project committed to the divine blessing. Forthwith a, place for meeting was sought, and one which had been used as a bowling-alley was hired, and turned from the purpose of vice to the service of God. On the last Lord's day in June the first services were held, conducted by the Rev. B. G. Wilson, of Brisbane, who, with Brother Deacon, assisted by Messrs. Kingsford, Hinton, and Moore, afterwards supplied the bread of life to those who assembled. In January this year, 1860, the church, numbering seven members, was formed, and the Rev. Thomas Deacon was chosen pastor, to be assisted by Brother Roberts, recently from Rockhampton. Shortly after it became necessary to provide a new place for worship; the building then occupied being acquired by the owner for other purposes which necessity was promptly and generously met by Brother Deacon, who offered part of his own garden on which to erect a chapel—besides giving the whole of it, with the house in which he resides, as a bequest for the prospective advantage of the church. Thus stimulated, funds were sought, and with the help of Mr. Deacon, to whom we are indebted for nearly two thirds of the amount raised, we have been enabled to erect the edifice in which we now are gathered. Our congregations have steadily increased, and already we have evidence of a divine sanction to our work in the salvation of souls. Respecting the future we have hope and joy through faith in God. We expect difficulties, but we trust God. While we rejoice in our present, the shadow of death rests on our venerable friend and pastor, and he will soon be gone from us, but God lives, and on the fact that he has prolonged the life of his faithful servant to see the realisation of his most cherished desires in relation to this movement, we gather an omen for good, and shall continue to labour for the satisfaction of witnessing, at an advanced stage, the glory of God in the coming of his kingdom.—COMMUNICATED. *The rev. gentleman died a few hours after the meeting terminated. 