|5kkhtgs from ^intr!;. IMPORTANT HE DIG AT HfETING A numerous ineeli g of the me.-icd pioiisBioH was held at Apo hecarics* Ha'l, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of considering the propriety of presenting a t s imoRial from ti»e jvof. S6icn to ihe Clerk of the Werfchcr, ia r«tuio for his recent rr.nnazcint nfc of hifl department. Dr. Twiddler was unanimously called to the chair* Dr. Twaddler *- id that be and o her gentlemen had felt that th i weather fr ihe la- t m -iith. had been so ex traordinarily favourable to t:*e profits, the legitimate profits— (hpar, hear)—of the profi'Ssrion to which he had the honour to nelcng, *n i wis so exact y ih t which a medical man with a pr.-ptr regard for his lamily mast be delighte i t • see, that it xt-emul h .rd y proper to p.<66 It ojt wi hout notice. T-.e thermometer had varied 20 decrees in a d «y, and Jumbled b .ck, or run up again in a Highland te was hnp;*y to think i hat few eonstiiu tionK wtjro insensibl -«>f chafes *~lrchs<rnta man out to his work reri«p«r n; * nd brought him home freezing. F r himse'f hehal i.ujii nto;e work to do tbau he could possibly perform, and h^ hai hern compelled t> restrict his aiten-ai»oo th#> r eiienccs mentioned iu the Peerage. Bit he did not grudge a *h*rc in the spoil*—(ianght r)—to Vis r>so ssioaai brethren. (Ap plaa-e.) He Aould call .m his liiead, Mr. Honcyboy, to move ihefir«t resulu ion. Mr. Iloueyboy said that ih^y sb'u'd really cat matters short, for time was fres iu » lime li!eih:s, and they must make hoy while the i. flu nza i-hiit^s upon them. He was happy ?o s t\ that the weather was most trying, most, depre sing; >on scarcely met. a Der.*o:i without a m serabl"CouehJ and as ?orthec iidren,tncirli'e wascne 1n«»g snivel {Anpiause ) tie thought ihe Clerk of the Weather deserved thr-rb at < bank?, and—(here a buttony lad ran io and w?ii-p red hi so afctr. (homed plaudits.) Nc, no, my d^arfel.ow-.said Mr. H;#n j^oy laughing, it's not hunrmg ihis tunc; h* h. s a -cal mctsage for ine, a *»hnlp (atniiy laid up, ihank »i-flu usa. (The speaker ' b.dteJ.l Mr. O'Bmulgent sai i shit th^irfricirJ had gone off in such a hurry, «pci i '"fly—(ratrs f laughter)—tint he had forgotten i.is resolution. Tiuiy they ought to bo lbankfu', for never was <Uere so much ti-k«.e:S about— not ':a? g.n us, mind you. for ti<atif Would be wroug to beglauof, heo'n-s ii> beiog ddSjuIt to deal with, but that sort of very trou Icsums, irritating, obagrseabio i'li.ess that m de everybo s\ and frightened un 'e-B t-ie mcica man was constantly iu the house. He *houghr, how. ver, that any dcimmatra'ioii o* thtirpart was unwise, as lh«.re was already a -ccl ng abroad that if people washed Uiein eives wcil, <ived well, took exer cise, talked che. rfu'K, and laugbcui fi.en, iLcymightdc without a good «h al oi the medical < fte-daa e they no* paid heavily for. and it w mid be well not to increase any prejudice a^ains;. the r»ro essiun. Mr. titzlab.lagreed. Tbcy we e going on very well, let than; take their moiey and be quiet. He had his washiur copper brewed luil ot the '* Draught" every morning, aud it w.u entity at night, (Sensation and appU et .) Dr. tireed h:d been afraid the weather was going to set-le, hut up to (ha*, lime thee were no unfavourable symp.oms. He advised iheir making ihe»r game while tney u.'uld. aud talking a>out it, if people wanted to talk (hedidn't) altcrwar s. Dr. Tvrad der said that as this seemed to be theview of the meeting, he woc.d a-ij ju»n it sine die, und retire froai the chair, hear iiy ccug* atulaUug the p of ssion on astateof th-ngs thai u ust till them with so much jus* libaj.e plea>uu. Al'ctr the mu_i vole of thanks, the meeting rushed off to makepdls. 1815 AND 1830. Sat beside the s^out \ ule-icg, In it? pity ashes l>ing ; Outride, in «*«>ld De.e;Ube.-'d arms, The Ola Y. -r Jay a-dji. g. T;ie spirits oi: lie .^puuc years Move-l rou^id mui,io and lrO; And the young Ne* Year stood beut to hear T.ie red cock's miduiHilcrjw, A-i the 1*11* bogiu to ring him ia Merrily over the s:.0-7. Bat never New Year, tuethought, did wear U:*on his baby brjw, Les* blubis une cheer than this New Year That v.eljave ciowued e'eu now. Hisba'y bead is lieUnoted, la bis baby gra?p a brand, la his baby eye a mystery, And a look of stem command; And bale though lie b , it 1b plain io see He has roan's work on nacd. Proudly, b-;t painfully he ttepfc Up to the vieaot throne, Across *he corpse of the deadO'd Year Ttiatl-y uncroanci. and prone. And to all the host* of the past years' ghosts T.;:S haughty ohalle tge threw— Your work ye have done, but never a one Such wor* as I've to do; From the first of the Eig iteenhundreds To bim that I'm heir auto. When to answer his boast, forth stepped a ghost (If diplomatic air; His coat w.'B broid^rcd on all the seams. His 1 n :e was gartered fair; With st ir?, and crosses, a :d ribbons, ^ His breast it glittered sV.en, No order at all, so great or email. But there it* badge wa3 seen; Q loth h*—'•* Y u i-ee here. that, fimous year Eighteen hundred and fifteen. "'Twas I that drew the protocols Of Paris and Vienna; I Laid Europe's best and bravest at rest | la Waterloo's red Gehenna; 'Twas I pulled down Napoleon; I And set fc~e Bourbon h:gh; "Twas £ give France her last war-dance, And her snpper of humble pie ; 'Twas I that linked black eagles three In a lloly Alliance tie. " The map of Europe I recast In the form it weirs to-day; Knocked frontiers aboat, dealt kingdoms out, In a free-and-easy way. I pooh poohed national feelings, I laughed at the claims oi race; What were they to escape my stout red tape, Or protest in my parchment's face? So [ bade them be quiet, and diplom&tes;' fiit I set up in their place. " AU this did f, with a hand so high, That *he pressure yet remains; M> mould I set on the world, and yet That mould t -e world retains. 'Tis true that of pay protocols Kings aud Kaisers have crocked a few; They have set un a nevr crown here and there, And burked a republic or two— The Napoleons have turned up again, And the Bourbons fallen through. " But still I'm the year that all revere As the ground of things that be; Not a Kaiser or King his tit-e can bring To other founder than me. And you dare come, you Hop-o'-my-Thumb, To tak of your w>rk—p ;oh pooh! After all I have done, I should like to know ** h it there is left for you?" Quoth young Sixty, serene, •* You forget. Fifteen, Y#ur dein s to undo!" nE S NOT EVERYBODY. M. de Walewski, who is a Fole, threatens to resign office if the Pole's despotism is not to be upheld. Sup pose he did resi.n ? There are still two other Poles, on which we almost venture to believe the world would still reioive. 3OAST AT AN AGRICULTURAL MEETING. Here's to the Riflemeu—Eng'ani'e truest aud ttanchcit pro'eciionista 1" THE HOME MARKET. By the late mail from liongk-mg, wc are informed, in Hie midst- of the commercial Intelligence, as tal lows :— "American Drills—Nothing doing and very large stocks on haud " It is quite different with the British drills in cur Vo unteer market, we rather guess Here the drills cou d not he fi iner nor sieadier. and if the 8t ?cks of the guns are rather heavy on hand, still they will be found to go off very briskly whenever a demand shall arise for tiiem. They will not hang fire then you may be sure of it. We arc glad to state that the utmost confidence prevails in the English drill market, and that not a sing e s'cp lias been t >ken in that direction but what h:is b?ec of a forward and most cheering nature. Numerous as the Br.tish drills cow are, *n<l they have spread no quickly and so universally all over the country that there is scarcely au Englishman's log tiiat by this t me has not gone through some sort of drill, it gives us great and unmixed 6«iisfac*ion to re mark that there is scarcely a bit of bad stuff amongst the whole lot of them. 11 is also a new feature in these British drills, that thare is not the leiSt; hriuking about them. The more they are tried, the stouter they stand. JUVENILE RIFLE CORPS. " Acacia House Aciriemy, January, I860. u Mr. Punch—lleipfi, Sir, it says in the paper that there is a talk of military traiuiug in public schools. That means College boys only; but I wish you would try to get all of us to have to be taught to be soldiers, and especially shoct'.ng with the rifle, which would be jolly fnu. There is n dhing like beginning when a fellow is young; and old Slater would be so precious mad. If he smel's the least guupowder, he gets in such a ra^e; and just let him find n chap out letting off a squib or a cracker—wouldn't a fellow just catch it, that's all! Shouldn't I like liim to see me biting off themdof a cartridge, in which I would make mouths at him, as if I couldn't help it. Rifles is a game I would ever so much sooi.er play than prisoner's base, or football, or even cricket; and I'd a good detl rather have a lot of bullets than so many marble?, even if they v ere fill alleys, Da, Mr. Punch, tiy and make old Slater forced to have as all i.rided aud brought up to be Rifle men, to fight for our por^uts and friends. The Colhge boys won'donly be a few, but we should be ever so many. I shall cow conclude, hoping, nest half, that, instead of nothing but lessons and su*ns. our preceptor will enjoy tbe pleasing ta*k of teachii g the young idea how to shoot; and I remain, dear Mr. Punch, heme for the holiday?* Tour young friend, 41 Beiggs, Junior. " P.S. I've jnet thought of florae copies that could be act for b-vis that were t eing drilled and brought upfo be Volunteers. For instance, Avcid Quakers; Advance Artillery; Britons Shoot Home; Charge Bayonets; Cavalry are Wanted; Drill is a Duly; Keep Close Order; : Respect Riflemen ; Shoulder Arur, &c; Whit do .you think of thatsort of thing for t.'xt-band cipy-slips ?" TOO GOOD BY HALF, A reporter ou one of our hading journals, aud well known amongst hie comrades for his love of tae dolcc Jar niento, which he has carried to the most delightful height of fuineantisnie, was asked why he didn't join a fcifl? Corps; when he replied. *n a tone of the most pro found conviction, that evidently released bim in bis own mind from all future li&biliiy.; " No, no, n>y dear fellow, one Volunteer is worth two Press men any day." STAGE LAWYERS. Reader, constant or inconstant reader, have yru ever noticed how the lawyers are maligned and maltreated by the dramatists? As a rule, one never sees a honest lawyer on the stage. Indeed, the part would bs so novel that an actor would require to be paid extra for performing it. We should as soon expect a dramat'st to write a part for a gorilla as introduce so strange an animal as a honest lawyer. No A lawyer on a stage is invariably a bad o ie. In comedy he is the evil genius of the puce, and though he triumphs for an act or two, befoie the certain falls he always sets tbe worst of it. In melodrama he is, if not the villain of the piece, at least the villain's bosom friend and illegal adviser. In a nautical drama he is always found con sorting with the smugglers and the pirates. The Jack Ta» s call him " land-shark," and threaten to harpoon him or to * darken his skylights." They nickname him a w lubbwand b d him •' sheer off, or tliey '11 scut tle him" They shiver their timbers when he heaves in sight, and swear they '11 make lobscoose of him if he comes athwart their hawse. In farce, too, you may be sure, a lawyer's never in troduced excepting to be laughed at. Hi? make-up is always the signal for a roar. His lean laothorn- jaws are as yellow as old parchment, and be dresses in a seedy shiny swallow tailed black coat, buttoned tight across his chest to make him look like a starved scare crow. His fpindloshaukfl of legs are made to look sttll thinner by being ca<ed in tights,'and his hands are enveloped in a miss of w- ollen fabric, which appears to be supposed to do duty for glov s. Then, the treatment he receives is of as bod a fashion nearly as his dress, lie rarely comes on the stage excepting ti bs kicked off it. Like a dog upon ; the raceeoume, everybody hoots at him. In fact, -the i part which lawyers have to play upon 1he stage is j to get the kicks and cuffs but not the six-and eight- j peaces. Like Pantaloons in pantomimes, they ge ; knocked about and jeered at, and are continual y j touched up with the rgdendof the hot poker, ] 