THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. THKAIJIK BOY AX,. The great novelty of the week has been the produc tion of the ' Nymph of the Lurleyberg,' n burlesque ?written for the Adelphi last Christmas by Mr. H. J. Byron, both at the Royal and tho Pantheon. \V« believe tbat the latter were the first to make the announcement, and cannot help expressing en passant our regret that two theatres should both play tbo same piece at the same time, when there were so monv of equal merit which might have been selected. Good'ai the ?' Nymph' undoubtedly is, Air. tiyron haj written other burlesques quite as well adapted to the exigencies of tho colonial stage. However, let us return _to our moutons. Tho present burlesque is a metrical version of tbe old Rhine legend _vrhich_tells of. tho daring young knight who sought the hand of the wealthy water-nymph, and was deservedly punished for the mercenary motives which frompted him to make a tour literally down tbe Rhine, n the first scene #- Rupert the Reckless (Miss Jnlia Matthews) banishes from his presence three sycophants who have Uatlercd him during the)days of his prosperity, hut who now decidejly object to serve him in the after noon of his pecuniary trouole. We discover from a con versation ho Ua3 with his Scntidiai (Mr. Jackson) that he'is anxiously awaiting an answer from Lady Una, the daughter of a neighbouring nobleman called, on the lueus a non lucendo principle, Baron Witz (Mr. Milne) , but that important personage answers the application himself with a decided negative, and sneeringly suggests thai Sir Rupert had better cultivate an acquaintance with the water-nymoh Lurline (Miss Fanny Young), and reple nish his exhausted treasury with some of her reputed wealth. Her home is supposed to be at the base of the Lurley Rocks within tight of the castle, and the adven turous knight astonishes the baron In assenting'to his proposal, and promising to turn up within a week a rich man ready t» lead the lady of his affections to a splendid home worthy of her reception. The legend of the Lurlei maiden has, it would seem, forsome timeengafed hisatten tion, and he proceeds at ence to carry out his resolve. Fol lowed by the Scnesclial, who has endeavoured to dissuade him, therecklessiJujwrtmeetsiuriine, boldly plnngesinto the river after her, and arrives at the NaiatCa watery dwelling ; here he attacks, alas too successfully, her heart, whilst the Seneschal tries to find a corresponding image in Wavelet (Miss Holroyd),'bulhe is treated with super lative contempt, comparative indifference,. and positive insults, so that another drop is added to what he loves to call his ' bitter cnp.' Rupert, who has quite won Lur lint's affections, receives from her a casket filled with gems of the first water, and with these the kuight pro ceeds to earth to liquidate the claims of. his creditors, promising to return within a week. Arriving on earth, Rupert finds that the Lady' Una (Mrs. Phillips) is about to be sacrificed to n swaggering Count Call nianco (Mr. Tom Leopold), but the knight astonishes the bridal party by unceremoniously running the Count through and running off with the lady. In the meantime Lurlinc awakens to the discovery* that she has been wooed only for her wealth, and attiring herself as an Amazonian warrior, with the retinue of her nymphs accompanying' her, she resolves to wreak a terrible vengeance on her faithless swain. Tbe Seneschal has privately confided ; to Calimanco, in a parody on Zanga's speech with reference to Alonzo in the 'Revenge,' the reason of' bis hatred of Sir Rupert, and they have mutually agreed to carry off the brido and any valuables they can lay 'heir, hands upon beside. - At a moment similar to tbat in which Calimanco's hopes' were blighted bv the arrival of Rupert, Rupert's hopes arc blighted by 'the arrival of the Senescltal and atroop of German rufliaiij. A fierce com bat, o -{a Curran and Sailors, ensues, Rupert is van quished, and the Seneschal is about to despatch him wnen jMrtine and Her Amazonian troop enter, and she saves the man she had resolved to punish. Resigning all claim to his hand, she. points the moral that water spirits should not mix with mortals, and the scene changes to tho green fern palace of Lur line, a beautiful effect being produced by the mixture of fairy splendour and fomalcs attired in tho most dazzling dresses, and in tbe most voluptuous positions. Such is a brief outline of the plot, but the exigencies of burlesque alter very considerably tho romantic character of tho original story. Tbe piece abounds in puns, good, bad, and indifferent, the latter preponderating, and the running-fire of allusions to the topics of the day is inces sant. The rifle movement and illuminated indicators, the Liverpool merchants and crinoline, all coma in for their share, and some of the puns are so atrocious that they provokelanghter by their verv badness. ? The ma nagement of the Royal deserve great credit for the mannor in which they have .mounted the piece. The scenery is beautiful, Tind the corps de Inllet, who appear first as Xalads, and then as Amazons, numerous and efficient. The tout at fisticuffs between Sir Rupert and me tencscnai was thoroughly relished bv a large portion of the audience, who indeed manifested their delight throughout the piece by repeated encores. The actors were too indulgent to these demands,, which appeared to increass by what they fed upon, until at' last every song and dance was repeated. Miss Fanny Young mado a de cided hit as Zurline. She knows how to make every joke tell, and her natural sense of humour adds immensely to the general effect of her acting. Mrs. Phillips, as the gushing young thing, Lady Una, was irresistible. Her natural embmpoiiU combined with her attire, that of a schoelgirl, mado us roar again. We were not disap pointed in Aliss Matthews's Rupert, for we bad not formed any very exalted notion ofher powers in bur lesque, or indeed in any other lino than what is techni cally termed the 'singing chambermaid.' She sings swtetly, but her speaking voice is unpleasant, her make up' bad, ana she obviously pays no attention to the business of the stage. The result is, that she slurs half the jokes,'and by placing the accent on the wrong word spoils some of the best hits. Miss Matthews has talent, but it will not do for her to conceive that she is already in the foremost ranks of her profession. The Senetehal was played by Mr. Jackson. His concep'ion of the character,, which very much resembles tbat of Khorsanbad in ' Lalla Rookh,'.,or Itufusjn 'Once upon a Timo there were Two Kings,' was excellent, and his make-up would have excited tho risible faculties of a Heraclitus. Tho ouly fault about his acting was : that occarionally, in his anxisty to thrust himself in some ludicrous attitude, he spoilt a good pun. One of the funniest things in the burlesoue is where the Family Herald, on the occasion of Calamanco's npproaching nuptla's. with the Lady Una, rushee/up to De Witz and in the mojt insinuating manner asks if ? On this auiplclous day ? Would you allow me to observe— Hooray. The name of the gentleman who' has this little part does not appear in the bills, but he displayed an immense amount of humour in the way he gave, the words. The burlesque has been played throughout the week, Sir Henry Barkly, Sir Riohard and Lady Macdonnell and their respective suites, bo.'ng present on. Monday night. VA Day of Reckoning,' 'Grist to the- Mill,' and 'A Wonderful Woman,' have been the first pieces. On Thursday Mr. Uarwood made hlj re-appearance in tbe character of the Marquis de Riclwille, fa ' Grist t» tha Mill,' and was warmly welcomed. . . AKHURST v. BROOKE.— The lawsuit brought by Mr. Akhurst against the managementof the Royal for breach of contract, in not employing him to write the Christmas pantomime, has been amicably settled, the defendant agreeing to give Mr. Akhurst a half clear benefit, and to play a burlesque to be written by him, in the course of a few weeks. PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Melodrama and the most bizarre of burlesques reign supreme at thi« theatre. This week we have had the metrical romance of' Lori Lovel and Ladv Nancy Bell,' and the Surrey, melodrama of the ' Rag Picker of Paris.' The houses have been good throughout tbe week. CHEMOIWE OAItUEfa Mr. Drew made his farewell bow on Saturday night in the character of William in 'Black 'Eyed Susan.' We shall only say that this gentleman's strong point is certainly not tne iintisu sailor, nnu that it wai just as well. for his popularity and reputation thntliU ap pearance in the nautical drama was postponed till the last night of his engagement. On Monday evening, 'The Xymph of tha Lurloyberg' was produced. As we have already, in our notica of the Royal, given an out line of the plot, we shall not weary our readers with a twice-told tale. The scenery hero is quite as beautiful as at the larger house, and despite the smallness of the stage, tha effects produced are far better. Indeed, the magnificence of tho last sceno bas never been sur passed and rarely equalled in the colony. At the same lime we miss the complete corps de ballet and the power ful orchestra of tho Royal. So far as the actiug is con cerned, Cremorne has slightly the advantage. Mis3 Mortimer looks liko the hero of burlesque, and plavs with archness and vivacitv. She adheres to the words of her text, and we are not -perpetually reminded of a romping hoyden; but on the other band, the recollection of Mrs. Phillips is painfully powerful when we see Mm. Russell as the Laly 'Una. Miss Fanny Young finds but a poor sub jtltute in Miss Kdouln, forthougtt this young lady has cleverncts, andis perhaps oue of the best aoubrettes in Australia, she has suffered very much from playing in tho provinces with indiffer ent performers. # Her voice is not well under her con trol, her pronunciation is frequently incorrect, and whether she plays n princess, a waterrnymph, or a peasant girl, her bearing is always that of a chamber maid. A very useful actress, and a decided acquisition to any company, she occupies too prominent a position at tha Pantheon. Tho Baron Witz of Air. John Dunn was a very clever bit of acting, hut the character was decidedly the Seneschal of Mr. Rogers. .Supposing wo take equal parts of Caliban, Timon of Athens, the gray* digger in Hamlet, ami the Stranger, make one man out of them all, and then burlesque him, wo have Rogers in this piece. His acting showed both thought and origi nality, and added another to the plenteous crop of laurels which he has garnered. 'That Rascal Jaci,' with Mr. Dunn in bis old character, and Miss Edouin as Lucy, has preceded the burlesque throughout the week. On Thursday evening the performances were for lLo benefit of the Lee family. 'The White Feather,' a comedietta produced at this theatre a few weeks ago, was repeated on the occasion, and tho young, Lees afterwards dis played their abilities as, clairvoyants. J^'riight' Mf. Richard Youngo wilt take his benefit at Jho Pantheon. Mr. John Mungall,' the Scotch comedian, has consentoil to appear, and will perform Joik HowUon In the drama of 'Cramond Drig,' nblcli will bo presented upon the occasion, for tho first time at this theatre. TILKE'S CITY CONCERT HALL. This establishment, which some two years since was extremely popular, has been re-opened under the man- agement of the original proprietor. The whole of the fittings and decorations are entirely now, and the ar- rangements of the seats are such as to secure the com- fort of the visitors. Madame Naej and Miss Mortimer have been singing here with great success. In addition to the director, Mr. J. W. Morgan, the following are engaged : - Messrs. Martin, Newman, White, Hoten, and R. A. R. Owen. D. Golding is engaged, and opens on Monday. PROVINCIAL BALLARAT - On Saturday Sifinor and Sisnora Bianchi Lrminated ,a very, successful opera season at tho Royal. 'Luc a di Lamermoor' was psr SL_i5? ™ .;,» ~™,i,.n for Mr. Fnrnuharson's jenefit, and if a 'crowded houso be a matt ot popularity :the worthy basso's friends ore legion. On Monday/ Mr. and Mrs. Heir opened in ' Hamlet, 'Mr. Heir sustaining the character of the Dane, Mrs. Heir that of Ophelia, while the Ghost found a fitting repre sentative in Mr. Hoskins. ' The Merchant of Venice', drew a good house on Tuesday. Mr. Heir made a great jit as the Jew usurer, bringing out the part with a force and originality, for which those who had only seen him as a comedian were quite unprepared. Mrs. Heir, as Portia, was so charming a representative of the gentle men of the long robe, that ono quite envied A ntomo nis luck in retaining such a counsel. On \\\ edncsday ?? Love's Sacrifice' was produced, with Mr. Heir as Afa«Aeio .Etaor* and Mr?. Heir as Margaret. It is said that Signor Bianchi is about to re-open the Charlie with an opera and comedy company to play on alWrnalo nights. Desirous of making a safe boek, the Signor is industriously disposing of L2 2s. monthly season tickets, which he calculates, if 200 are disposed of, will secure him from any heavy loss. The Montezuma also, after what appeared to be an interminable recess, is about to court public favonr once more, and re- open3 this day week. It may fairly be doubted, however, whether a town which h'as lately caused two theatrical managers to ' bur3t up,' can successfully support three theatres'— in fall swing. ? BEECHWORTH — The Constitution of Wednesday states that last night at the Star, the public were treated to a novelty in the shape of a "Celestial Operatic En- tertainment." So at least it was called in the bill, but to judge from the performance itself, it would have been difficult to say whether opera, tragedy, comedy, farce, burlesque, pantomime, or ballet was the predomi- nant feature. There was a blending of the whole, and if "The Rebellion of the Cow's Head Mountain" is to be regarded as a fair specimen of the Chinese drama, we must at least confess that it possesses the merit of com- prehensiveness. It would be impossible to give any correct idea of the performance. It was a mixture of dialogue, spoken and sung, of dumb show, and music; this latter item perhaps not coming up to an European notion, but being quite admirable in its way. BENDIGO. — The Shamrock is closed for the present A local journal has the following notice of the Lyceum: —'The continued success that has attended the per formances at this theatre, under the present manage ment, is well deserved.' For a long time Bendigo has bad to put up with theatrical representations that were neither pleasing to the tiste of the public nor were they profitable to the management. We had an occasional 'spurt' when a 'star' camo to shino here, doing Hamlet and AfachctK until we were fairly sick of them. Even if those pieces were well put on the stage, we might put up with tho continued repetition ; but while the leading character might have been well sustained, the actors employed to do the minor parts were anything but passable performers. The evils arising out of such a system have been avoided by the pre.ent management of the Lyceum, and the pieces now represented at tuat place of amusement are not only well performed, but carefully and successfully put on the stage.- On Tuesday evening 'The Green Bushes' was played for the second time, and we need but mention that the performances were attended with tbe usual success. Mr. Holloway, as Connor O'Kennnly, played very satisfactorily, and Mr. Murrav kept tbo house in roars at his ' Irish drollery. Miss Fiddes also performed with care, and produced a marked effect. Mr. Holloway, we understand, is about closing his engagement at the Lyceum, which we may mention was a very successful one,' Castlemaine — Tbe Mail of Wednesday informs us that 'The Old Guard,' and the old favourite, 'Lottery Ticket,' were brouebt out to a good house on the pre vious evening at the Royal. In the first piece Mr. Vlnfon, as Havrtsac, r.hines most conspicuously, and Miss Kate Warde, as Melanie, deserves scarcely Ies3 praise. The concert was as much appreciated as ever. ' Messrs. Gregg and Shern-in, with the invalnablo assistance of Mrs.F. Younge, earning golden opinions. The entertainment concluded with the farce of the 'Lottery Ticket,' Mr. Yinson doing Cnpias, anl Mr. F. Younge Wormwoo'l, Mrs. Younge again coming out as Suian. With this cast It is almost unnecessary to say that the piece ran well, and sent the audience away highly amused. Isolkwood.— There are three theatres hero now, two of tliem being open. Thatcher and Madame Vitelli drew n large crowd, at the Olympic on' Saturday nijht. Miss Glyndon, and eotue other members of the proles Bion, have an ire J from Back Creek. Foos's naw hotel, erected at a considerable expense, -opened last week. The diinlting saloon is very large, and the attraction? area band- of music, a Russian bagatelle board, very splendidly orntmented walls, a great length of. bsr, and u formilable array of bottles. The bagatelle board bciii{ a novelty, draws quite a crowd, but drinking docs not appear to be carried on^to any extent.' Kykkton.— Mr. and Mrs. Osborne, with thti: won derful doe Jonathan, who succeeded so Well in amuMnjr their audience on,a previous occasion, liavo ag»in ar rived in Kyneton. ? ? Lamflouou — At the R-.yal, on Saturday evening, ' The Iron Chest,' in tlireo tots, was put on the st»-,e, and played tolerably well, Mr. H. N. Warner enaollng the part of 4-r Edward Mortimer. Oo tha fall of the curtain there was a' spontaneous call for tho actor who had played hii part so well. Mr. Warde wa? the Secre tary. Mr. R- 13. Dale Sampstn Rawbold, and Mr. Furri.n Adam Wintcrtmu The afterpiece, 'Poor Pilliooddy,' gave prominence to (he abilities of Mr. R. B. Dale, Mrs. D»lo. whisc Sarah Blunt U irresistibly comic, and Miss E- Wiseman ? iiie xiEEA- ritxatx woiuu zar OAI.CUXIA. ...'.. ? To the Editor oj 'BeWs Life in Victoria. ' Deah Sir,— I send you a few items of news about Calcutta. Christmas and Xew Year's racings had ceased by .the time I got down here, which was on tho 1st of January, 18C0. (A lucky omen I consider.) No sport ing of any kind tbat I know of. Miss Emma Stanley opened last night for the first time in Calcutta before a crowded house about 100 yards from where lam per forming. I am doing very well at, present, hopo to do better, as I intend to take n tour up- country. Young Armstrong, who used to perform with Mr. Rowe at the Hippodrome, is with me, and so is Hinglea and Fores tine, the voting men who came with mo. I have quite a respectable company, and hope by a little perseve-' ranee to do well. The. country is very quiet. Tho mutiny I believe is entirely done away with, troops are being disbanded (yeomanry), and this place appears to be quite a goahead sort of a city. We have tight-rope dancing here by Signor Feroni and his family : they were some time back ia California.— I am etc., CHARLES DE VERE. 