MELBOURNE. f ?t ' 14th Mav. Captain Pasley goes to England ty' the April mail. This confirms what 1 told you some time ago, that he had resigned through some disagreement with Mr Francis. The story of this resignation was not generally believed in, but perhaps the public will find it out by and bye, that your " own cor respondent" does get correct informa* tion, notwithstanding that the Mel bourne and other newspapers delight to head an extract from any letter oif mine with " The following extraordi nary story," &c.; So stereotyped, has this introduction become with one Melbourne journal,' that I was be ginning to feel myself rather a: dealer in wonders than a prosaic correspond ent, who liked to tell the truth as nearly as possible, and who did not care very much whether the same, was palatable or unpalatable,- eo long-as it was the tiuth. I hare it on the best information that Mr Higinbotham will succeed Mr Darbyshire as engineer-in-chief, and that this appointment will meet with general approval. I believe I am correct in stating that Mr Higinbotham was the inspector of the Hawthorne. Btidge when that bribe was offered which-Mr Service mentioned the other night in the Assembly.' _If Mr H. is really appointed, as I believe he is, Mr Bruce will have such a thorn in his side as he never had, for I am told that when opposed to a quietly consci : entious gentleman, Mr Bruce is as | helpless as an infant, being at a loss how to deal with any except those who lose temper, or who have no honesty and are easily won in Mr Bruce's usual manner. Now that Mr Darbyshire'a reign is at an end, the question may; be asked When is King Brace to be deposed?'' Sir Darbyshire compromised, himself by allowing Mr Brace to execute cer tain parts of the railway works in a manner contrary to the specifications. This is admitted. Then why is the contractor who set aside the specifica tion of the Government for a plan of his own, allowed to continue in his present position of trust." If Darby shire is culpable, Bruce is something worse. It would be dangerous indeed to say what Bruce really is. But one may be allowed to remark that if a brewer contracted to supply one with a hogshead of ale and substituted water for the price paid for beer, he would he called a rogue, notwithstanding that many well-meaning 'gentlemen of a. temperate turn of mind .might argue against the beer and in favor of the non-manufactured bever age. So with Mr Bruoe and ; his cement. His bargain was to build the culverts with one of the best cement to one of Band, and he builds them of seven or eight of sand to one of bad cement. This is not denied, but is in part de fended. Cement is said to be better with seven-of sand. One to one is too good, according to several great author ities. The beer is too good perhaps certainly, too strong, if we believe the water drinkers, but we paid for beer, aud we strongly object to water at die same price. Mr Bcuce may make very little money out of his contract if he build culverts according to specification-but because Mr Brace should perchance not make a shilling by being honest, are we to allow him to make a million of money by being anything be pleases? Already has too much of the cash of the country gone to members of Par liament, jurymen, money brokers, and needy witnesses,-and it were nearly time to make an example of somebody. Mr Darbyshire has either been made a voluntary or involuntary offering to the ! Nemesis awakened by corruption, and if the lesser criminal* wherefore not the greater also ? If the Government condone the offence of Mr Bruce, and wait for another violation of the railway planB before they determine to act with vigor, they do wrong. I am of opinion that unless the contractor is punished at once, before the expiry of this ses sion, a very powerful party, numeri cally, will be fortued in the Assembly, against which the Government will be powerless to do good. Payment of members will come out of the public pone in another manner, and through another and less scrupulous paymaster.' What with dishonest politicians, and men" witb an itching palm," the present Legislative Assembly of Victoria is the most dangerous the colony has ever been-governed hy. The salvation of the country at this time is a conserva tive ministry, -and * growing conser vatism outside the walls of Parliament. So much alive are many of our leading men here to the dangers of ultra democracy, that I am very much mis taken if a conservative club or associa tion be not formed very saon. .The rumor reaches me even now in some thing louder than a whisper, and if that rumor should swell into a loud outburst of feeling, T am satisfied that the strongest political associatiou eyer formed in the colony will be that hav ing for its object the crushing of that insidious influence, born of corruption and bribery, and fostered'by the troop of stump orators and ultra democrats whose chiefs preach dishonor from the u Corner." Of all the converts to conservatism in these latter days, the most notable example is Mr Thomas Carpenter, member for Mandurang, - formerly assayer to the Bank of Victoria at Sandhurst, and immortalised in song under the soubriquet of "Fighting Tommy." Thus sang Thatcher,--he that of old was wont t4 warble on Ballarat. Tommy wilj i^yer fooi a conservative, but it ie something that mwsno hewer man of Qiennd^ deanlf Kn»r,j of consumptive aauect and voice of zephyr, hates Qarpyite^ ftwiigh he pi^tepda malady, tike alid Of-;lu8; Jdaw, ^he .cannot abide a, manwho uma after the respectable, -who_ ** abjures sack," ud strives to ." . ^Prom .the turbulence ol; : political strife, and the disgust -engendered by being a daily witness of the; mistakes univer^] ^suffrage "bag been.guiltyof, in sending such men as one could men tion, to make lavs for our guidance^ it 18 refreshingto torn for an hour err two to the activity and eageniess of man to improve the land we live in. Plant ing trees is becoming a sort of mania with us, and I am firmly persuaded that in five years fnritof all kinds will be ascheapin yictpria aa ^in any country of /Continental Europe. Oar auction raartsare crowded with trpes of every description, forest trees bpth native and foreign, fruit trees of end less variety, shrubs end flower plants of every genus and every degree of beauty, - Tfrereis much to do yet before* the ceaseless monotony .pf gum trees is ; banished .from our -landscapes,r but if trees are planted at the rate of many hundreds of- thousands annually '? it needs no ghost to; come frojmthe grave to fell us" that a. 'great and beautiful change will come over the surfaee of Victoria in a very few yean. With the facility of intercourse which our ^railways will afford, you will get fruit much; cheaper, in" Ballarat than it has ever yet been. In the neighborhood in which I live,1 I know of^opd. peaches sold for three-pence per dozen, and some common ones, good enough lor cooking purposes, sold at one peony per dozen. . Grapes were 6ol& at two pence to six-pence the pound, very good ones being obtainable for three pence. These prices ranged not be cause the .fruit was more than usually plentiful, but simply for "want of a market. Melbourne was flooded with fruit, from the suburbs of the metro polis as well as from the neighboring colonies; but so; long as the carriage. of everything remains so high, there is no possibility of - getting any of our surplus luxuries to your good town' and elsewhere, so you must either grow your own fruit or -be content to pay a high price for jolted and braised peaches, and iaferioj" grapes, until the railway is completed., : 