^irltiwfs from f EBtjy. WORTHY OF OLD NICE. An elderly maiden lady, who objects to enquiries into female ages, declares the Census an invention of the Evil One, and quotes, in proof—" facilis de- census Averni!" THE SPLENDOUR OF OUR NAVY. Soften wood, in elementary works on chemistry, is said to emit light in the dark. On anyclondyand moonless night how brilliantly we ought to shine in gunboats! A HEAL GOOD BLAZING HUMBUG. A good deal of fine writing has been expended by the rogues who send invitations to the ladies to come and buy trash, stating that it is to be sold "at a sacrifice," which is the case—truth, and husbands' money being a'ike sacrificed in any such negotiations. But of all the fine writing which Babcaldom scheming on female trustfulness has ever sent in large envelopes, inscribed 44 On the Queen's service," " Telegraphic despatch," "Imm diate and most important," or otherwise calcu lated to avert the instant pitch into the fireplace to which a sensible person consigns such things, unread, the following seems to Mr. Fundi to be the best he has seen. He gives the extracts, not to warn fools, for fools do not read Punch, but to show his readers how fools are gulled. The document begins thus:— " Fashion, Novelty, and Grandeur combined to the astonishment and delight of majesty itself, and the just but enthusiastic admiration of a scrutinizing public 1" Then comes the announcement of the place where the sale in question is to be held—Mr. Fundi, of course, not having the slightest intention of aiding knaves to their prey, gives no hint of the loca'ity, But it is stated that the place— 41 Is devoted exclusively te tlrf 44 Appropriation of the most grand, most select, and most costly association of merchandises eyer collected under one rood FOE Host RECKLESS SALE ! at sacrifices truly deplorable, at losses fearful to con template, at a diminution (!) of prices that would make the most sanguine heart tprail beneath its. withering infihence." One of the authors of tire pehny fictions of the day has evidently been engaged to devote his extra honrs to the composition of these puffs. Here he breaks ost again "These-objects are not relative to the goods of yes terday, not articles which have outlived their charms— I bnt such as may be said to be hbW, Feesii, nay, almost warm from the looms'—possessing to a most mer to rious degree beatify, elegance, richness, splendour, and | magnificence; npon which the votaries of Fashion may gaze with admiring wonder, till admiration is lost in rapturous ecstasy." Such language, such ideas, such grammar, are worthy of the theme -worthy of the issueraand their intended customers. 44 You've given me a bad shilling, Sir," said the hackney coachman to Sherslaiu " All right, old fellow," hkscuipped the dramatist; 44 yours is a bad coach." The praises of bash should thus be- hymned to idiotB." But the fictionist knows better than to puff merely. There be sentimental* fools who would like to* have a : tremendous advantage- in a bargain, and also to feel that they were really doiaz good in cheating sotne ; body. They are remembered as follows ?— 44 This event arises from the unexpected stoppage of ; Messrs. DiddIemoce& Doo.of Petticoat-lane, a oireum i stance which conveys the mournful intelligence of rnin , to thousands; as ttieir warerooms literally groaned under the weight of merchandise, Alas ! unpaid for. 44 When it is asserted thatrtfils appeal to tleNobiRty, ! Gentry, Clergy, and! Public of Great Britain iuuvelmost ' for its object the prevention ofc starvation to numerous > families on the Continent, the response will be such as j might be expected and can always be relied upon from 1 England's fairnobilftj%"' How the thief mast have- grinned as he penaedihe ' above passage, and looked into bis ninepenny Johnson : to see whether nobility is speltwith two b's or only one. He concludes wilh a singular and mystic guarantee, the meaning of which defies* the penetration of any body but Mr. Policeman Fundi. 44 The vast amalgamation—matchless in every re spect as regards richness,.purity, novelty, an# true worth, and the whole are c lie red under the most solemn and guaranteed protest in ne instance to exceed one third their value—a simple bona fide truth. " The whole not to exceed one-thiid their value." Find out what that means, beloved reader. You caatt?, WeH,at means that impudent rascals hope to entrap igaerant feola. But isn't the above pretty reading. Andqbere are idiots to-be taken in with such things, or they would not be printed; A TEIFEING OMISSION. Telegram from Napls-—(Official.} Garibaldi has attempted a landing at-" Marsala. The - Neapolitan ships of war have captured the Piemonto,. andtemk the Lombards-. NtB. (Unofficial).—The men were out of them firsts CIBCUMSTAiNCES -ALTER GASES. . Toelass Italian attempts in Sicily with American enterprises in Nicaragua; is emphatically, in Mr. Punch's opemsn, "Walker." GENTLE VOLUNTEEP.. A.aaKS'TO BE SUKG TO THE IKTEWBIBC. COMPBTITOE3. AT-WIHELEDOIT. Abb—" Troubadour Enchanting."—Lublike. Volunteer-enchanting, Into order/falling, With thy rifl9 slanting O'er th^ shoulder, dear. Where the-trrget waits foil thee, Forward, from the rear, Shoot, asd-.briHg the prize-to me; G- lite- Volunteer! Volunteer enchanting, When the bngle calling. Bids thee (firmly planting Feet nohbrought too near). Take a. sight, and careful be That thine eye is clear— Fire, aud hring the prize to me, Gentle Volunteer. THE VOLUNTEERS' HALF-HOLIDAY Bnsiue68, early close thy sliojr Erery Saturday—the boon England begs—employment stop: At, or shortly after, noon. Let assistants drop the wand That the rifle they may wieldc Clerks release from draught and bond.; Let themhuny t» the field Bid theimsoon the counter qjiiT, And go learn to guard the till, How strange customers to hit, Lessoned In attending drill. Scissors, jet them cast away ; Bens remove train o'er their ears; Give 0- good half-holiday To the gallant Volunteers.. SFU3& AND SHOUXDEE-KNOTS. " What is art equerry. Papa?" enquired a lii£i»boy,. on hearing tLfttia functionary of tliat name had been promoted to the eoloneicy of a arock regiment. " An ; equerry, my dear," replied the parent, "is a« horse lootman." GSD POET AND OLD EOGIES. The cause of grey ness in the Iiair, in many instances, may be traced, to a toocopions-induigence in port wine. When we oonsider the c imposition of tlia mixture ordinarily sold under that nam?, we may easily under stand how the practice of imbibing it is. calsula'ed to give one who is not old the apps&rauce; o£° aii elder-ly gentlemen PREFACE TO. VOL. XXXVSBi. The grand leview was. over. The armed freemen, who hadi been paraded in. their thousands be ore the Queen of the Isles, had dispersed, and had sought the homes, they had shown themselves worihy to guard. The groat day, the memorable Saturday, twenty-third of Jrnae, mdccclx , was dime. The- Sovereign, who had surely felt that day that one throne stood upon foundations of adamant, had retired to her rest. And tho Queen dreamed a dream. "-S know it, Phipps" replied Mr. Puxeh to Sir Charles as that courteous eourtier annochced the fact in Mm punch's breakfast chamber the following morning. "Astoundingmas!" said Sir Charles Phipps. "I breakfasted,and am. dressed thus early, Phirps, knowing that my Queen's Onvccsriticus and Conjssior would bo want : d." " Pretcrnatural-maa If said Sir Charles Phipps. "Ac company me to. the Palace." \- Attead me to the Palace, Phipps," said Mr- Punch, but with a pleasant smile, that spake forgiveness of the courtier's lapse llat Sir Ch tries could not for give himself,and the journey was performed hi solemn silence. The state coach with the cream steeds stopped, and in three minutes Mr. Punch had made the unapproach able bow, which he performs in one presence only. " I bare bad a dream, dear Mr. Punch, said the royal lips, with that smile upou them which is reserved for the Chief Counsellor and favoarift cf the Lady a£ Kingdoms. "To. save your Majesty the faintest care and slightest trouble is the object aud glory of my life," said Mr. Punch. " Might 1 venture to recall that dream ?" " X think you know everything,'1 replied the Majesty of England. " I believe that I do. Madam," responded Mr. Punch modestly. "And I know what has come to my Sove reign through the Gate of Ebony." "Ah 1 it is a true dream, then ?" asked the Queen. " Your Majerti's self shall judge," replied the Oni rocriticus and Conjector. " It is not for me to question my mon-. rc'i; but, unless contrad'cted, 1 will believe that her Cream was in this wise." " Tell me," said his r. yal mistress. "A di.uglit-Tof ilie Home of Brunswick stood on a mountain, and onld see not only th: English Isles of her inheritance, and lier strongholds in the Southern Lake, which is not a French lake, yet, if it please your Majesty— The royal eye sparkled. '■ But all Iter distant dominions. She saw a broad, happy, loJ"al American colony, which was preparing all honour and welcome for her eldest son. She saw the gigantic Asian Peninsula, recently subdued by her aimies and now lier own in name as well as in fact, aud a veteran hero was leaving its shore to receive the laurel at home." " Yes, 1 did see Lord Clyde," said the royal auditor. " She saw her vast possessions in the Austral world, with their rapidly growing peoples, resolved, energetic, prosperous, and, while bent < n making their new world what a freeman's home should he, retainiug a deep love for the home whence they came." " The Prince of Wales must visit Australia nest,' said his royal mother. ' " And, Madam, she saw the rest of her 50 colonies, : nd her flag waving over each, and the Eng ishman everywhere perfoiinicg his mission of civilization, order, and low. " And then she saw sailiug siatelilv on every sea lier snrjestic fleets. Ami she beheld, parading haughtily on the plains around her, and in many a far- away land, her gallant soldiery. And closer yet, at her very feet, she saw the Household Guard of England—the Guard that stood before her yesterday, and gave her the proud and stern assurance that the manhood of Britain is ready to close with any foe whom the Devil may stir tip to do his work." " That—yes—that was the dream," said the Lady of the Land. " But there was one thought more," said Mr. Pur.ch, in a lower voice, and with an inexpressibly arch yet ! profoundly respectful smile stealing ove. his intellectual features. " Was there?" asted h"sSovere'gn. with a frank look o! enquiry. " Well, now you mention it—yes," '■ Date I complete my story ?" said Mr. Punch. "It was not precisely that something was wanting to the perf.-ct satis Taction ami happiness cf my Queen—let nic rather say that she h id a hovering impression that it was possible for soma additional gam aud glory t) be added to ilie period—that some Koh i-Xoor, or other Mountain of Light might belaid at her feet." "I will not deny it,' tail Her Majesty,smiling; " but I cannot i ccollect what form the new pleasure was to take." " Deign, Gracious Mistress, to look upon this mirror," 1 said the magician. And, ate: ping to its ride, and waving gracefully h's baton, after the manner i f Cor nelius Agrippa before his fatuous glass of the future— " Mormorb putcntissime parole. Ghb tre volte all' Orientc il volto, Trc volte ai rcgni ove dechina il Sole. " Onde Unto indugiar ? Forse attendete Ycci ancor pih potenii " But tho words had puw,-r enough. Medea could not have chanted more awfully to the palpitating stars. The cnrtaiuB glided as;de. and the mystery was re vealed, the dremi solved, the new gem and glory of the period disclc -ed In another moment. bcmUui at his Gracious Sove reign's knee, Jlr. Punch presented his TJUSCireloBTS TOI.CBE, LATEST FROM 3ADEN. He'll do those Germans, and he'll make, as wc know TheZdlverein anuthcr Zi'feiino. MODERATION IN CRINOLINE. A lady who styles herself Artiste en Corsets, Toumis seur de sa Mojesti la Seine Victoria, advertises' a "jupon medium'' The thing called "jupon" has for a" long time presented a shocking exception to the role which declares that there is a medium in everything. There has, of late years, been no medium in the dimen sions ol that article of female apparel, which have ex ceeded all bounds. Heucelorth, however, a man may hope to be enabled to sit at dinner between two ladies without being obliged to share their clothes, which now spread out on each side so as to meet in front of him, and, superadded to the garment proper to his knees, are uncomfortably warm in summer. In wiping his mouth after eating asparagus, no gentleman in future, thanks to the jupon medium, will ever, perhaps, be entrapped into the mistake of using the flounces of one ef his fair neighbours instead of his table-napkin. If the jupon medium is a pattern of the golden mean, success to it. May it be patronised by the aristocracy, and then, like a fashionable spirit-rapper, it will be what you may call an example of the happy medium. THE SOUTHERN EIGHTS OF MAN. The American Declaration of Independence reappears in a new edition, just published by the Charleston Convention, which met on the 28th of last month, and voted certain resolutions with respect to the question of slavery. By tlis fundamental laws of the United States, slavery, according to these determinations, is a permanent institution, and neither Congress nor any local legislature has power to abolish it The two propositions thus laid down by the Charleston patriots are declared by thoBe gentlemen to be " cardinal prin ciples of the national democracy of "the United States on the subject of slavery." The next resolntion affirms that no territorial legislature in the States has power to " prohibit the introduction of slaves therein, nor any power to destroy or impair the right of pro petty in slaves by any legislation whatever." These additions to the charter of the American Constitution imply a modification of the doctrine of equality on which that Maxima Charts is founded. All men are born free and equal except niggers Is the statement of that doctrine as amended to fit the resolutions of the Charleston Conventionists. To this shonld be added the negation of certain opinions which, if they were tenable, would justify a very decided opposition to the extension, if not to the maintenance, of slavery. ITor example:—There is1 no froth1 whatever in Chriitianity. The fundamental principle of morality is not " Do as you would be done by," but "Do as yon liks-wlfhyoar own" This is. particularly the duty of slaveowners. There is no Just Providence that takes cere of black men. There is no-future state hut a happy oue for citizens *f the Southern States. The mil of Hie American democracy is Hie law of right and wrong ; let a resolution of the Charleston Convention staud instead of reason. The voiceof the lower classes of the United States is the voiceof omnipotence; and it authorizes every white to wallop his nigger. PROSPECT" OF A RISE IN SHERRIES. The Neapolitan: frigates are bombarding the wine factoriesin Marsala. A5: ORNTTHOSOGICAL METi®MOPHGS3S. If the German Grand Dues allow themselves to be hnmhngged bv the- Emperor of the French, they will prove themselves "gmnl geese." GREAT SUCCESS-OF A NEW PERIODICAL, Nothing of the periodical character that has come ont in ota-time can pretend to a success-equal1 to-that which has- attended the new work which-appeared last Saturday, entitled The Volunteer Beoietr. Its first issue r ached clc99 ripen 30,000. CURE FOR BREBB3T AND CORKUBTIONi Legalize open bribery: Punish secret bribery with fin* and imprisonment. Every case of bribery and'eor ruption beings-pablic transaction, the numberof rogues in any constituency will be notorious- When the rogues become to* numerous for practical: purposes, disfranchise the constituency. FIRE-WATER. Mr. PancS-fiiids in the Dailt/ Telegraph the following curious statement " The embankments or the Theiss River have been forced by the-rising of the water at Vaserhely and Bas, and a great' portion of tbe country being inun dated, much injury has beemiuflicted upon the neigh bouring plains-. At a time when there is- so-much destitution in Hungary, this is a visitation of no small gravity, and the authorities are said to be-in-the greatest dread lest the waters of tbe Theiss shonld kindle the already smoulderingfires of revolution." Mr. Punch has no remark to make upon so singular an announcement,. It is a case for science, and he respectfully requests the attention of Professor Para day to this very remarkable Theiss water. The Royal Institution will do well to" send ont for some bottles of the extraordinary liquid. Meantime. Mr. Punch re quests the address of the Telegraph's image- manu facturer, as Mr. & would like to- give that ingenious artist an order. THE SAME THING IN OTHER WORDS! Lord John objaeta,it iisaid, to-the defunct Reform measure being described as a " Little Bill." At least he can't deny that it is of small account now. Artesian Weil, at Beading, Pennsylva nia.—A correspondent states that the artesian well it Readme-, Penu., which has been, for some time in pro gress for the large Brewery, has Teached a depth of l,70u feet, being the third in depth in the United States. One at Columbus, Ohio,, is 2,310 feet, end one at St-.Lonie 2,282 feet. This one at Reading is all-its depth through solid rock; the bone is four inch -s, and the drill is driven by a steam-engine,.and requires bub three men at a time, whs alternate with thr<« others, so as to keep the work in constant operation, and then sometimes not making more than fonr inches a day. The shaft of the auger is made of wooden rods, screwed together,, and hoisted, lowered, or turned by the steam power. The present expense is stated at about §59 a day, which makes a pretty costly well, particularly if it should prove like that at Columbus, a dry one. A CLASSie&b.; Dilemma.—Short speeches are, it is said, the best. The following one envoys thai merit, end is, besides, marked by a certain originality. H. Gouthev, deputy-major of Beaurae, when presiding lately at a distribution of prizes, said" Young pnpils, I find among you and in tl e midst of jour excellent professors a literary perfume which awakens my classic reminiscences. £1 ego in Arcadia- jjai I it so will j address jcu in Latin, as was done at the distribu ion of j prizes in Paris. Attention:—Juvsnez dr&cipidi;, si prauidio hanc- soUmnitatem quia.. litre 1 must stop; I presumed too much ou my strength, and 1 C'unat finish the phrase la which I wished to tell you in Latin that, if I:preside at thi9 solemnity,it is because (quia) the sub-piefect is ill, and the mayor Is attending the Council-General of the Cote d'Qr. Let not this example be lost en jou; if 1 stopped at gutu, it was, alas! because- when I went to college-. £ old not pay sufficient attention to my studies. I was not infer imignec, but rather inter iHtigne&pigr.oo.; Yon perceive that such must hive been the ease, and £ recommend you to study seriously If you would not, like me, stop at quia."—Gslignani. When Lord Townsend-was- lewd-Lieutenant of Ireland the then Provost of Dublin lost no oppor tunity of repeating solicitations for "-places." ' Jiy dear Uely," said His Lord-hip,, "yon have a great many things, and I have nothing, to give but a captaincy of J dragoons." "I accept i;, then," replied the Provost. " What, you take a captaincy f answered His Lordship. "Zounds! it is impossible; 1 only, meant it as a joke." j "And L accept it," replied the Pravest, "merely to show | how well I can take a joke." ATeritable Ghost.—A "ghost" has been , in the habit of haunting the neighbourhood of P-cnmure, j near Dundee, in various disguises. He carries fi- errms, j and ou being accosted: presents a pistol to the person addressing him. ©ne morning,at dawn, he was peram bulating about iu white,, and on sue occasion lie was pursued by two men,, but vanished out of their sight. The Dundee Conenen- says he wall s on springs, which eaable him to bannd like one- of the feline species, lie is a tall, strong man, able to stand all weatbe.s, and to defend himself It is said that < n one occasion he was seized by five men, who- soarounded him and suctasded in holding him fast. Under his white overall they found a breastplate,.pistol, and dagger. lie premised. If let go, net to annoy the neighbourhood again,, and they allowed him to escape. Many are so much a'ra d of meeting him that they will net venture out at dark, and the faitory hands go to work in tbe morning- trem- [ bling liko timid hares pursued by bounds. The ghost, in cjiisrcjucnce. has become an intolerable nuisance in the village. FisaES? JsESSS.—M. Yalenciennes. has- jiist! presented to the Academy of Sciences, iu tbe name of Dr. Fieury, chief of the medical Btatt at St. Pierre and ' Miqueion, several specimens ofnests bnilt by fish io the vicuaty of New ouudlaud. They are generally found I attached to the lines thrown out to catch codfish, from depths of about 60 yardB. The diameteis.of these nes s vary from 1J to 7 lushes, and their depth from 2 to 2$ inches. They are round, and their shies, rathi r thick. I The creature, whatever it is, builds them by entwining I the branches of several aquatii polypi*, such as the cer tularia, eeilaria, catenicella, Aa, among which are found enlaced numerous shells of the mgtHux bortalit, with an immense quantity of the spawn of that species. Aiistolle tells us that there arc fish endowed with the instinct of J building nests among the marine algen. JL Valenciennes ! concluded his communication by stating that he had i been told by the fishermen of the Island oi Seu, opposite I the dangerous poiut of Pemnaick tFinisterre), that | lobsters, which always keep at a great depth, sometimes exceeding 75 taihoms, build ve.y ueat ncsu for their : jonng. Execution of General Ortega.—Tlic Diario of Rarceinna publishes the following particulars of the execution of General Ortega, which took plac --, as already stated, at Tottosa on the lsth : —" Ou tho pre vious day the General was put 'in chapel,* accorci'-g to the Spanish custom. He immediately proceeded with the utmoit ccrapcsure to make his will, and fettled all hie family affairs i vrn to the n.ii u-est details. Soon after, a sere eant came for the purpr-ce of searching hie person. This proceeding effected him deeply, ana ho exclaimed, 'Tnis was wanting to complete m.y hu miliation—a sergeant search-a general! Am I, then, j capable of committing puieide, as they apprehended ? Certainly not; I shall die like a Christian 1 He then took a mi del of the Holy Virgin, whien he wore sus pended from his neck by a gold chain, and charged his cousin, Don Rimon Bla£3er, to deliver it Lo his mother. His confessor, tbe Canon Don Denito Sznz, afterwards came, and had a long conversation with .bin). At s o'clock on the morning of the 13th be took tbe sacra ment, nud some time after bad a cup of chocolate, and received successively a ra ssionary and a friend o! bis a physician, both of whom were aston'-shed at bis s> if p emsiion and firmness. Having been informed aloct lO.o'clcck that bis execution would take place at 3 in the a'tcrnoon, he merely remarked, • That is very lata.* Then he asked for a basin cf soup, and a*e it with good appe'ite. At a quarter to 3 he was informed that his " " ue. Hcimmtdiatelyrr.se, saying, 'lam time had come. st your orders, gentlemen,' drew his looso coat round him, and took iris place in the centre of tho guard. As he passed the postern of the Cistle he took off his coat, ana requested that it might be given to iris aide-de camp. Moreno. On hearing the roll of the drums be exclaimed, 'My God! yon, who were innocent, al.o suffered these humiliating preparations; it is just that I, who am guilty, Bhould uuJtrgo them too.* Sis voice was unfalteri g, mil his step firm. Ou entering tiro midd'e of the square formed by the troops he noticed the people crowding round, and said,' The Lord also allowed the people to be present at His execution.* He knelt under the fl ig t > hear h a sentence read. Ou being cm dueler to the fatal spot he enquired, "How must I place myseii?* 'Facing ttem,* was the reply. At the same instant a handkerchief was put over ids eyes, and he knelt down; an explosion was hemd, and tliegeneral was no more." Important to the Medical Profession. —Dr. Czermak, a Professor of Physiology from l'esrli, recently invited by the French Academy ot Mediei-.s to Pans, lias discovered »u instrument whereby the larynx may he sulBeicarly lighted for medical inspec tion, aud for which he lias obtained deserved applause all over tlic Continent This instrument, which ha calls the laryngoscope, his been tried in every hospital in Paris, and found to answer perfectly. Hv its aid every disease to which the human tbro.it is subject will Iieucefonh be rcnueredcleur as no n-.day to the surgical operator. A filed cf light is poured into ih ■ patient's throat bvaid of aconcave mirror reflecting ihe rays of a strong lamp, before which the patient is seated with open mouth and the introduction into tbe cavity of the throat on a line with the tonsils of a small mirror at tached to a long wire, which the operator holds in liis h md while the examination is going forward. This little mirror being held ou an inclined plane of 45 degrees every organ is made visible on the larger one. Even the trachea is peifectly reflected thus as far down as its bifurcaticn in the bronchia. The interior of the lary-Dx, until now completely hidden in the living sub ject, can be exam tied with the greatest minuteness, aud for the first time the whole mechanism of the I uraan voice heroines manifest to sight. Surely, now we ciay entertain the possibility • f m future mastering many diseases of the throat which hive hitherto e.cayed ail surgical pursuit-—Tori* Litter. 