PRESBYTERIAN UNION IN NEW SOUTH WALES. AT the request of several lay members of the différent «cottons of tho Presbyterian Church In this colony, the Rev. Dr. Cairns, or Melbourne, and the Rev. A. J. Campbell delivered addresses in the United Presbyterian ChuroD, Fnllllp-street, on Saturday even- ing, on the subject of " Presbyterian Union," and mure particu- larly with refeienoo to the union lately effected In Vlotorla. Not- withstanding the very unfavourable state of the weather, and thi>t tho evening selected was in some other «spools a rather inoon vtnlcnt one, the meeting was attended by large numbers of tho various divisions of that community whose religious interests were immediately concerned, all or very nearly all of tho minister« and office bearers of tho different branches of the colonial Presby- terian Church appeared to be present. The ehalr was taken thortly after seven o'clook by Mr. J. Riobatdson, and proceedings were comm-nced by singing the 131st Psalm, in whtoh the whole meeting joined. The Rev. A. J. Campbell then engaged in prayer for tne blessing of God upon the cause, beseeching Ulm to further all endeavours to promote union smongst Christians generally, and esueoinlly amongst all of the now divided sections of their common ohuroh. The CHAIKKAM expressed himself warmly in fav mr of the move vent which it wa» now sought to origínalo, believing ttut the Presbyterian Church would never ft mrish in these colonies until some permanent union had bren huppily effected. 8- persuaded was ho of the necessity of sneb an union that he thougbt-if too ministers did not take steps tu seouro such a desirable end-tim: It would bfoome the duty of the lally to tuko the matter up. The only difficulty that he saw in tho way wus that which areno out of tho question as to the uooeptanco of Etate-ald. Ho confessed he did not, at preicnt, seo how that difficulty was tobo obvUted; but he would be very glud indeed ii the much desired union could be satisfactorily accomplished. Feeling the great intereBt and importance of the matter under consideration, he felt great pleasure iii introducing to the tncatic g the Rev. A. J. Campbell and the Rev. Dr. Cairns, of Molbaurne, who wi uld successively address the meeline. (Applau The Rev. A. J. CAMPBKLL rofe, ana said that he merely pur pojed to make a few introductory remarkB on tío grout question brought before tbcm that evening, inasmuch as the ohltf buraVn would have to fall «pen his father in iho Lord -tho Rov. Dr. Cairns. 'He carno before them as a straugcr io the local affairs or tho Fieshytcrlun Churob in this colony, desirous only to assist, as far as in him lay, in promoting unUii amongst all its different branches. As regarded toe ecclesiastical historv of this place-he must-beg to state that he was not acquainted with It, and did not inund to take any «leps to inform liimseir of li» par- ticulars. He knew nothing of that history, and did not wish to know, but he was told it waa a most deplorable one. As to the pant, he would enly observe that it was the duty of all Christians to forget all that hud taken place-If It wore paioful eni unplea- sant, and of such a nature thal some felt thereby aggrieved. Let everything of such a nature be forgotten when it had passed away. If Chiisti«na felt that any wrong had been dune to them, it v. as their boundon duty, as such, to como and cast all their burden on tbo sln- boarlng Saviour, and then have done with it forever. (Applause.) He did not intend to »peak in detail upoa the union lutely effected in Vlcoria, as Dr. Cairns would uddress them on that subject, and would inform them of all lhat had there taken place. He would only say that the union that had "there been brought about had been of , the most blessed and delightful charuoter. It had gratified him very much, when he landed there, to find that Presbyterians, whatever might be their differences ou somo points, were there all united in one body,-to find, as he did, when hi« hand was warmly grospti by Mr. Ballantine, that he was indeed a brother to that gentleman, and to meet also the sumo cheering intel- ligence when he first saw Mr. Hetherington. He was delighted to find that there was such an uuion amongst them, und he thanked Gcd for it with all his heart ; for there was, indeed, a real union now amongst the Pryebytenaas of Victoria. No one who now, at any time, entered their assemblies, eould possibly Imagine thal lh«y bad ever been a divided body. (Applause.) Ho really thought that we often, by anticipation as it were, increased difficulties in the way of our duty In these matters, - difficulties which could be ali cleared away, if we once set ourselves to deal with them in a loving, conciliating, and prayerful spirit. Home of the Fn e Church ministers of Yiotoriu had refused their assent to cer- tain propositions, and full liberty waa given them to hold, and give expresaion to, their differing sentiments. We (said the Rev. »peake! j gave our opiniou-nur voluntary friend« entered Ibeir comclenltoUB objections, and so there woe an end of it. To approach any mun with a spirit of antagonism was not the way to wean bim from his opinions. A mun, when attacked in such a manner, only entrenched himself more strongly in his pre- conceived ideas, und was mare absolutely confirmed in them. But go to one who disagrees with you, in all brotherly luve, and you, at least, obtain a good hearing for that which you may hold, and, moreover, a greater chance ef your arguments being moro calmly weighed, und better appreciated. By taking such u course one is far moro likely to be heard than by taking up the mure distant position of a sepa- ratist. He (Mr. Campbell) spoke to them as un earnest minister of the Free Church, being one of the first members of it at ita establishment. He was now In the ministry ol the United Pres- byterian Chuich at Victoria, and had not, by taking tho pastoral oñarge of a congregation in connection tborcwitb, in unv way cotupiomiscd his principles, (Applause.) While, however, it was quito true that ecclesiastical union was most desiruble, it was, nevertheless, equally true that such an union must bo the result of a spontaneous act, and not be forced. Every one of them would, perhaps, remember that the most critical period of the whole history of the Christian Church was that time when our blessed Lord first visibly left it behind him on earth-the time immediately subsequent to his ascension. The prospects of the church, then, to the human mind, must have, indeed, appeared discouraging, when the members of that Church, their diverging sentiments, and individual differences were all taken into consideration. It would be remembered that, within the bounds of that narrow fold, already had differences taken place. Even when the mem- bers of that Church were sitting round the flrst comnuimon table, the fires ot controversy burst forth, and tho question had been raised amongst them as to who should be the greatest. (Applan-o) He might also show, did time permit, that there were doctrinal differences amongst then even they-that some were Tholmeans, and that some were of the sect of the Essenes ; some Pharisees, and some of them, perhaps, even Sad ducees. He believed he might say it had been proved that there were such grounds of dissention, such discordant elements, then in existence; just in fact, as if our Lord, in consutltuting his Church, had made a selection from Baptists, Presbyterians, and Episcopalians. If we could have been told that such a selection had been made us was then made, we should have been disposed to doubt whether, as a body, it would not be a failure. Yet such, with all their differences was not the case. Even then we are told they were all with one accord in one place engaged in prayer and supplication. If they had not been so, the cause of Christ would have fallen to the ground. They were all united toge- ther in and by prayer. Tnnro was then no disssention amongst them- no miserable question raised us to which of them should be the greatest. The Cross of Christ had shuttered all that selfishness which had formelly manifested itself amongst them. There was then an end to every selfish hope. It was not a question as to whether Seter, James, or John should sit at the right or the left hand of the Redeemer; but who should most exult and glorify Him, their common Lord and Saviour. They all rcmainid together engaged in prayer-awaiting iho gift or ihc Holy Ghost, which wa» accordingly vouchsafed to them, as hud been promised. Such was tho effect of ihc union of tliss > men, once unable ev able even to pray together. Together they sought tho Spirit, ni.d t< pither ubuincd it, burying all their aid differencos and jealousies at the foot of the Cross of Chris'. (Applause.) He (Mr. Campbell) could not foibcnr hero to insist upon the neceiti'y und the efficacy of united prayer. Ile thought that the reason why the Evangelical Alliance had been so meco.r. ful ia its rpcrutiens arose entirely out ol the luct that it was nothing moro than one large system of machinery, as it wore, for tbe purposes of prayer. It was most de»lrabio that all tho différent sections of the Presbyterian congiegations here should engige in proyer for thal union which they must all desire to see ; thal God would bo pleased to break down the high fiiices that were now standing between them, so that they, however internally distinguished, might be but one fi.ld on the Hill of Zion. Let every inuividuil section retain its peculiar line of demarcation-but let what fence there was between them bo but a little ona-not a great and im paesoblo hedge, but a little, low hedgo of roses. (Loud applause ) Let it not oivide ibem in their communion like that wall of cepa ratlon between Jewnnd Gentile, from whioheven Peter found it so difiieult to take away a sirgle stone. (Renewed applause.) Sucha tccueure as the union amongst nil the branches ol Presbyterian!T which he stood tbere to advocate was quite a possible thins*, íür it had been effected elsewhere. Here, also, he ¡elt confident it cou d be brought about, if made tbe subject ot pruyer. Their chairman had said that the laity would do what was required if the minis- ters did not, but be thought they would best effect it with the aid »nd the co- operation of their respective ministers. For himself, he would liol grudge to pay Sydney another visit if he oould be of nee in helping still further to pull down the wooden barriers which had been riared, for barriers should be formed, not bewden Churoh and Church, but between all the Church and the world. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amidst oordial applause. The Rev. Dr. CAIRNS, in rising to address the meeting, claimed the indulgence of all present, whilst proceeding to go over tho whole subject with which he had been entrusted,-namely, lu the first place, a declaration of the necessity that there was for a union here amongst all sections of the Presbyterian Churoh ; and stcondly-in futtberauoeof that object-the task of makin, a statement or tho circumstances connected with that union whioh had been recently effeoted in Victoria. The narrative of those circumstances which he would havo to mako might, perhaps, be feund to be somewhat dry ; but he was under the necessity of lay- ing it before them, believing that a succinct and intelligible state- ment of tho difficulties ihey hod there had to contend with would not be without its use to them, in bringing about a similar union amongst the different sections of the Presbyterians in this colony. The natural condition of Christ's Churoh was emphatically one of union-separation and disunion therein, what was most objectionable. To promote that union in the Churoh we», he confessed, a thing thot lay next his heart.and wnat he should always he most anxious to see everywhere effeoted. This unity which he detdied thot they should have was not merely that general and invisible union which existed in the hearts of all true ChristiaUB, but something visible-a union not perceptiblo only to the Chui eh within, but to the world without- something that wou'd be both seen and felt-something that would attract the eyes of the world. Until such an union had been accom- plished, aud tho (fleets of it made visible to the world, it was in voin to hope ibat the world could be successfully acted upon. Their common Presbyterian Church had bren justly styled the fairest daughter of the Reformation ; her founders had established her upon the express authority of the Word of God-upon that nlone, and not upon any human traditions. As long as their Mother Church had been sufiend'io follow htr own conreo she had ever main- tained her unity ; and it was a remarkable fact that she had always bt cn split in twain by influence from without, and novor divided by dissontion from within. This had been the case as legnrded tbe first or original secession from tho Establishment, and again at the next which occurred respecting tho relier. The thlid great secession was that, ns they know, which took place in 1643, and which arose on account of ubuses that wcro suffered to take placo under tho law of patronage- rather than futietien which mony ministers of tho Esta- blishment, and himself amongst others, had cheerfully sacrificed their tcn-poralitics. Tbey had acted as they then did act undi r a deep conviction of the truth and the importinco of those principles whioh they, at that time, considered to have been infringed. In this country no such difficulties, as then prjsentcd ttemtelvcs, existed, nor were ministers hire liable to bo exposed to lhat with which they hud bad to contend. If the Churoh at herne were situated es it WUB here, he did not hesitato to say that tbe cfcuse or Christian Union would be taken up and promptly at ted npon, »nd that all v, ould again unite in one body. Ho consi- dered that here, ui der existing'circumstunces, they would be guilty of positive sin if they did not avail themselves of iho opportunities which appeared to invite their re-union. External circum Btonces, he would beg them to remember, we-o the good provi dence ol God ; ond LB suoh, they ehould bo considered and lui- pi ovid. Througtout this colony they found members of the vnrieus brunches of tho PreBbjtcrians »s they celbted athome, lut. individually, In such tmull numbers that, unless they agreed lo fount ne body, tbey were nnablo to oongregatc at ull. As there were numerous PrcBbyteriuu congregations here, he believed that he m-ght fairly take it for granted that the membersofthedifferbnt sections (if not in Sydney, at any rate, in the country), did Bj coigugato. Thus, it would appear that such a union as that to which he waa favouiuble hud already, to a ctrtaln tx'cnt, been praot'cally cfTsctcd. w c hove to carry out the principle of separation, and to break up theie congregations. But they had noted wisely and blessedly for tbimiclveb and the cause, and, lite Christian men,,by uniting aud foin-.ittg one censregation, and by acknowledging tho dispensa- tion of oidinsnccs ocoording to our system. It was not only wai-tary to unite according to apostolioul example, but they colled upon us to do so. The great rcaeon of oppoilttonwas this, tbatweicfuscd to toke up tho testimony of tbo Freo Cauroh «¿oins t the EslobliBhcd Church of ScDtland, and pla:e It under tho ton of our protest. He.icc they keep separate!. Tney orrod in this. We weie, however, situated much Uko the Apostles, who I went about planting the Gospel of Christ. That waa wnat we were called upon to do here. But however mnoh St. P;al might condemn one church, he never blamed It for the errors of another. Here was an instance-in Calatta he was vexed and troubled Wim Juilaist ttaober«,wbo led the poor le to believe circumcision was ttill binding. He said they had another gospel, and if any man wa» circumcised Christ w as to him of no avail. He did not carry that to ino church of Corinth ; thero was no mention in his epistles to them of circumcision. Neither did he oall upon the people of Rome to testify againit the people or Corinth. We were not called uprn to testify by name against the errors of otber cburehca in other circumstances. Observe what would follow if this were done. Were we now called upon to embody and protest agilnst the errors of tho Church of Scotland I No, because that would be importing con troverty into this oouniry. (Applause.) The circumstances in Scotland did not exist here ; Christ's Churoh wat set up here, not that of Scotland, and they were bound to set it up in its purity. (Hear, hear.) But to go beyond this-to import quarrels and causes of disagreement, would not only not be a mark of our faith in Christ, eut a proof of the most egregious folly of which Chris- tians could be guilty. (Hear, hear.) Admit the prinolple, and they were bound to embody In their standard the name of every church that had erred. To bo sound they.mUBt go through with it, ond must testify against the errors of all churches wherever they existed. They were not to show that they were moved by the feelings of envy and jealousy, but, boing true to Christ, embody in our standards the errors of all the churches. It would bo im- practicable to do it, useless if they did it, and it was not required flora their hands. Our Lord hod cast our lot here, and here to pleach tbe gospol, that the ends of the earth might be given unto Him for a possession. They were hero to testify ag.iinst all ibe Bins nnd wioktdness of the people, but not to be Djn Quixotes. It was the eye of roly that was «vsjr in the endB of the earth. (Hear, hear.) in propociug to unite various bodies of Christians, one of tbe greatest difficulties arose from the prejudices of the human mind. They were all weak and fallible creatures, and prone to suspect one another j stool at a distance, and were sot ready to give credit to brotherly in- tentions. It was a tad obstado in the way of union. It was a great object to fall upon a rule that they could follow, and hero was one. "You aro to look in your own consciences, If ihe con- ditions of union presented to me require you to believe nothing but what is the truth, and require you to do nothing but what ia lawful, your own conscience being judge, be satisfied." (Hear, tear.) Go no further, you have all that is necessary. Tnat being the case, you ought to be satisfied: if you are not, what course are you pursuing J Toa want to probe the conscience of another. Ton moy say, "but I suspect George and Alexander." To tint I answer, "have you any onarge againsttheml" "No; but I suspect them." Perhaps they suspect you. What was to be the end of that! If you bave a charge to bring against any man, do it; but you hire no charge but your own suspicion-you aro out of your duty. Remember God's word, *' Jndge not I ibat ye be not jndgedl" Try and keep that rule In your mind (Hear, hear.) He would now give them a narrative or the union ia Victors. If ne oould give them a dear Idea, they would approve of the conclusion to which God had con- ducted them there. He arrived in Melbourne In 1153. TbeSynM met on the 4th January 1894. At that Synod application was made by two bodies seeking for reconciliation and union-one from the Pieebytery of Melbourne, which became tho Synod of Victoria ; and one from the Free Synod of Viotoria. A committee was ap- pointed by the bynod to correspond with the committees ap- pointed by these bodies. The committee consisted of Dr.Maokny, Messrs. Tait and Miller, of John Knox's Churoh, MessrB. Dickson and Drummond, elders, and himself. He was appointed convener, and remained so till the union was eftVoted. Toe Instructions frem the Synod, their Supremo Court, were those : " That no union can be entered on till the Presbytery of Hol- bourne Is a free and independent judicatory, separate from the jurisdiction of and connection with any otber church or ecclesiastical body whatsoever ¡ and, second, that after the Pres- bytery of Melbourne is thus separate and Independent, the two judicatorics, as two courts, on an equal fooling, snail unite together into one general Synod, on a bund or basis of union dit tlnctly setting forth the great prinolple laid down in the Fundamental Act of the Synod; and report to next meeting of Cynod." Then they had Instructions that the connection should be severed clear and legally, so that they could unite with us without going into connection with the Church of Scotland, and to take care that the great principles laid down in our fundamental act should be acknowledged in the basis of union. These Instruction« were acquiesced in by tho other body, and it Mas resolved to take steps to bave the connection dissolved with the 8! nod of Australia. The next step by tho committee of that Synod was to get a bill passed dissolving their connection with every other body legally, so that their temporalities should be safe from interference when tho union was accomplished. " That, for the better securing the temporalities belonging to tbe former bedy, the advice of the ablest counsel ia the colony should be taken on the point, and that, in accordance with that opinion, when obtained, a deed, if fouud ncocssary, should bo drawn up, securing the property or the Freo Presbyterian Churoh from all legal consequences that may uffect the property belong to the 8yi,od of Violoria." This was de ne, and a disjunction made. At the next meeting, on the 19th September, present oil thoso who were now dissentient«, the two SjnodB met according to appointment and opened their proceeding with prayer. The Re.v. J. Hetherington reported that the Synod or Victoria had met, and that they had unanimously agreed to and approved of the articles of union, and accepted tho eiiine. The Synod of Victoria, in coonee ion with the established Church, acted a generons part, and steps were taken to hive the union carried into effect. A committee was nppoin'ed to consider the effects of the union on the properties of the respective bodies. Wo were very jealous of tbe independence ot the Church and or the Church coming in lo Bciza our properties ; and to see that all was right, Dr. Mackuy, Rev. J. Hetherington, and Rev. J. Row were appointed to prepare a memorial on tho subject and to bave it submitted to couneel. In November, 1854, they met airain ; the bill was afHimcd by their friends in their Synod. Wo had doubts: they had none. Tbe Rev. J. Hahcringion wrote annotations to shew our doubts were unreasonable. That was submitted to us, and tbe result was, that the documents wero ordered to be sub nitted to courue], and to tbe Union Committee to confer with the other brethren ?with regai d to their relation to tho Established Church of Scotland. They had tho opinion ot oounsel, who said that the law was'Aardly sufficient. The Bynod of Viotoria at onoe yielded, and said they would seek another law, that »n'y H,,*^ ncrfct-t'Y*!--«"1 «..-¿vi«», wiam anything urfmnro candid and friendly then that I Next entered the Rov. A. Paul, who cuno from Sydney. He gave an account to him of tho present stato of the négociations aocnt union with the Synod of Victoria, and tho matter was left in the hands of the committee. Mr. Paul waa added to tbe committee, of whioh ho became secretary. On tho Gth November, IBM. the two Synods met at Geelong : everything was prepared, and difficulties were removed out of the way. Ho had drawn up a report stating this, and submitted it to his brethren, by whom it was unanimously received, and who ro tolvcd to meet in conference to settle tho time of the union. The report waa as follows : " Your committee rcnort that, in answer to the memorial sub- mitted to counicl for the" purpose of ascertaining the legal v«luo of the Act No 19, of April 8, ,854, as affording suBViient proteo ti« n to the property of the Sree Church in the event or union with the Synod of Victoria, two answers have been received, una rro-n Dr. Mackay, LL.D., and other from Judge Pohlman. The third counsel applied to (the Attornoy-Gj er.it) declined to givo an opinion, as he had taken charge of the Act In question in its Npassage through ihe Loüislativc Couacil. In these anster«, Dr. h. Mackay gives it as his opinion that a new Act would be rc qniied to secure the property or the Free Church from any danger in the event of the untoa contemplated; and Judge Pohlman affirniB distinctly that the present Act docs not sever the connec- tion of the Colonial Church with the Establish d Church of Scot- land, and that u new Act is necessary to effect th.t scpiration, and to render it safe, inlhe eye of the law, for the Freo Church to unite with the body now known as the 8ynod of Victoria. The committee or the two Synods have had several conferences, the result of which has been that the document termed ' Annotations on tho Memorial presented to Counsel' has been withdrawn as unsanctioned by the committee or the Synod or Victoria; that the minutes or June 28th and September 3rd last, which had refer- ence thereto, are to be held ns withdrawn also; and that a new bill has been prepared for the Legislative Council, which obvutc* the objections to which the present Act is justly liable, and that the terms of the proposed Act arc such as to satisfy the committee that indirect the Free Church could with all honour and safety unite with the nynod or Viotoria. The only documents now re cognised by either committee are the Articles or Union pre- viously agreed to, and tho new bill which will be introduced ia o the Legislative Council so coan as it assembles, and which there is every reason to expect will meet with little or no opposition. This bill designates the proposed United Church as ? The Pres- byterian Church of Victoria.' In these circumstances, the com- mittee are of opinion that the difficulties that previously existed have been removed, and that the Synods may now proceed to arrange a plan for carrying into effect the union of the churohes In a way becoming so solemn and so great an occasion. (Signed) " Avut CAIBNS, Convenor." They met ¡that ¡evening in Mr. Love's church, and the Rev. D. M'Donald opened the meeting with prayer, lois committee was appointed by the two Synods, and after this one of the brethren offered up thanks to God for tho success- ful issue to which the Synods had come. There was now nothing more lo do but to get the bill passed through the Laglalaturo. Next day they went down to Mr. Talt'e church, tho aimo parties being present, and, [arter long nnd serious deliberation, it was unanimously resolved that immediate arrangements barnado for consummating the union ns soon as further negotiation had been held by each of the Synods now in reference with the United Presbyterian Church, and that the Moderators or the respective Syncds call a meeting for that purpose as soon as possible there alter.} Theynextmetonthe20thDcccmber,lBhischurch. Thedraft of the New Temporalities Bill was accepted by the two 8ynoda, and the Rov, I. Hetherington and O. Gunn, on the part of the Synod of Victoria, and tbe Rev. Dootors Mackay and Cairns, on the part of the Free Church, were appointed a committeo to take the necessary steps to have the bill brought without delay, before the Legislative Counoil, The subject was again brought up, but they were not able to explain matters satisfactorily to tbe United Presbyterian Churoh, although in their several capacities they still adhered to the articles of Union. This carried them on to the next year. They had en- gaged the then Attorney General (now Sir William Stawell), the £ resent Chief Justice, to undertake their bill through Parliam-nt. le kindly undertook It, but told him that as the Parliament waa then meeting especially to confine its attention to preparing for the new Constitution, no new matter was to bo brought beton it. He wished to postpone tho bill lill the now Constitutional Parliament should meet. They consented, and found to tho'r cost that delay was dangerous. If they liad not consented the bill wonld have nassed in elx weeks. In this unhappy interim difsention arose. Itarose at the meeting of the Svnod on the Istor Arrll, 185G, Mr. Paul had had charge of a p'tlvato book or what had taken placo in the committee, wherein entries had been made which it was nover intended should bo maJo public. A motion was made that this book of minutes should be laid upon the table. Such a thing wai juttly considered to be contrary to all order and precedent, old the previous question was accordingly moved and carried. This only embittered the parlies who were dissatltfld; and to arrange all amicably a conference was called, whioh laste 1 all ésy-one of the most painful days of his (Dr. Cairns') life. At this conference the rcasona for and against were discussed. We (Bnid the reverend gentleman) tried all that we oould to como to a settlement of this painful case; but without effeot. They proceeded to form purtles in the congregations ; a party waa formed in bia (Dr. Cairns') congregation. Inconsequence of tils the Attorney-General informed him (Dr. Cairns) that four or five persona had gone to him nnd informed him that the pre embie af the bill was false, inasmuch ue it stated that these arrangements had been mode for an union between tho Free Church and the Synod ot Victoria, whioh had not been made, and thit they were going to opposo the bill in Parl'amcnt. Sir William told him (Dr. Cairn) that, under thoso oircumstonoes. it would be in vain to try and get the bill passed loto law-that't would be hazardous to attempt it. After that a pamphlet ap peart d, written by Mr. Paul, imputing bid motives to them, and holding them up lo tho contempt of thecommuni'y. Now.it ?waB a bad thing when ministers wrole pamphlets of that »or-, (Applause, j They tried to deal with its author privately, and tucceeded in inducing bim to retract the charges ho had preferred against them. Tho paper he signed was as follows : " I hereby assure tho brethren individually and the Synod that I did not Intciid in any passage in my pamphlet to attribute wil- ful unfaithfulness and corrupt motives to them, and that I retract any language which bean, or may bo justly considered to bear, that construction; and I regret that 1 had not used langu ige that would have expressed my \lews of the Union more clearly, without seeming to admit of that construction ; and in regard 11 the chargea brought against the Synod ot Victoria, while I Billi rttvin my opinions of the position and relation of that 8ynod as involving EraBtlanlsm, I did notintend to ray that there was no spiritual life among the ministers or members of tint Charch ; and as to the documenta upon whioh my otjeotions to the Union are founded, while I considered that I was justified in retaining and using ihetc documents as I have dono, I would not have retained and made publie use of these documents, if I bad_consi- dered that they were so the property of the Bynod as that I oould not lawfully and honestly do so." With this (continued the Rev. Dr.) wo expressed our satisfao Dnrñpnlet. The breach obviously widened, and they held amor from our presbyteries. On the 7th of April we met mt Geelong, and, on coming to business, found that the reporta would be given in. and that these reports would implicate all. He (Dr. Cairns) was mueh distressed at this, end felt that he woula rather go baok to Great Britain than tee all prospects of the union overthrown. After much proyer and great perplexity, he nnd thoso who noted with him resolved to have a conference; f.»r they were very anxious to have an union, and would do almost anything, short of breaking up the compact, thtt would put an end to the dis- union. When they all met, Mr. Miller drew from his pocket a written document, the effect or which was that he and his Mends would have separation-nothing more or less than a sepjrate Chutch. These were hurd teim?. Still, they who doiired to reconcile these parties to a eomplete union, resolved to pause and determined to meet them onoe agun, which they did, his (Dr. Caitns'i heart being full of grief at this wrath amongst brethren. The dissentients were told that if they could not altogether agree with all the rest, they might proteot themselves individual y by recording their dissent in terms as strong as they thought proper. This they refused to do. It was " either give up the compact, or we break up the Chuoh." When calmly icaasned with, they refused l.i any degree to modify their demands. He (Dr. Cairns) would appeal to any unpreju- diced perron present to oonsider what moro they could have done at this conjuncture of circumstances. Fir-tit was suggested at letting at defiance the authority of the Church, that they should be libelled ; if we had done that, It wonld bave led to their dcpcsltion. He for one would rather have left the Church than do so. It was also proposed to disBOlvo the Synod. They met again, and were tone off than ever. They found they could nat dissolve the Synod, neither would we libel, nar censure them, but try to bring them to reason. Articles were drawn up and presented to them in the hope they wonld accept them. This they would not do. They came to the final resolution that they would boa teparato Church, and that the property should bo equally divide«. It was under these most trying cir- cumstances that they were teparated from us. When the motion was made that they thonld be separated, they were asked if they would move an amendment- they said no ; would they vote against it-20 ; wonld they giro any reason for their conduct-no. What .could we do ! Wo took the gentlest course- voted that they were no longer members of our Church, and expressed a hope that they would soon acknowledge their errors and return, when it would bei matter of satisfaction and thankfulness on tho part of the Synod to receive tbem baok again as brothren. They voted for it as much as we did ¡-not till afterwards was something made of the charge that we had not proceeded against them by libel. Every court hau the power of defending itself. Then following out this policy we wrote letters home, entreating thim forthwith to send us a deputation of leadiug men, who might persuade our brethren. He got himself guaranteed £1000 to pay tbe expenses of the deputation, bnt was torry to say their invita- tion was not responded to. But they subscribed a letter of advioe, and counselled our brethren to desist from their claim«, and advised u» to take tbem back. We Instantly wrote an official letter to our brethren, but never got an answer. The next thing was to send a deputation to Scotland, They saw their brethren at the General Assembly, whioh was then sitting, who oame to a solemn and deliberate finding, and it was sent out. It was wise and friendly counsel, and to.d us our duty in the spirit and lan- guage of Christian wisdom. The moment we received it. we were willing to forget tbe past. We wrote tbem a letter, and he wrote privately to Mr. Miller. He waa sure his letter breathed a spirit ot good feeling, and entreated tbem to come bick. He pledged himself that the Synod would blot out from their records the minutes of the disruption at Geelong. Wbat was the answer Î .. No, you know wbat to do-we will not come back." We then went on, pressing on them the wisdom and necessity of taking the advice of the mother Church, but they repudiated it. He and Mr. Hetherington made a last effort, but the answer was still " No," rothing would do, we mun confess our sins. The error of our friends was this : they would not allow us a conscience-they trampled upon our conscience. Where was the tyranny in us t We had been tyrannised over in a manner for which he believed there was no precedent in the Church. Now, with regard to tho United Presbyterian brethren, they drew up a statement, hut therewere two difficulties: the first about State-aid; and secondly, about the relation of the civil magistrate to the Church or Christ. Tbey did not see how there could be union till State-aid was abolished or abjured. There is no con- dition attached to the receipt or Stale-aid; let us show respcot, therefore, to each other's consciences, act as brethren, at the same time boldly holding our own opinion and promoting it. The United Presbyterian Synod drew np a resolu- tion, the conditions or whlsh the United Church accepted, with rome slight exceptions and alterations. Tho result finally was, that all were satisfied. No dispute ever now arises as to the dis- posal of the money voted by the L-glsla'ure for Church purposes. All that business which bas reference to State-aid ia assigned to tbo separate committee appointed for that purpose. That com- mittee manages everything, and makes all the arrangements as to the State-aid. This wa« the arrangement of the United Presby- terian Church of Viotoria, and the system worked beautifully. (Loud cbeers.) In their united society everything was conducted with perfect good-will and harmony. There were, no ciouot, difficulties in tho way of establishing the same stato of thlngd here, but they could be surmounted by mutual con- er st ion. He trusted that they would all hold by the geed old cause, for surely PrcBbyterianism was low enough here ¡already- (applause) -and could hardly, ho thought, bo brought lower than it actually was. (Renewed applause.) If it were brought much lower, it would be extinguished outright. How many they had lost of their community already he coulá not foy, but tney muBt i emember that many respectable persona really c uld not live in an atmoephcre of contention. He was periuadcd that the cause for which he addressed tbem was a cause of love, and that, ii they joined in it wuk that spirit and with prayer to God, they could overcome every difficulty. Here he might bo permitted to take notice of a letter which ho bud that day re- ceived, in which the writer hud stated that he reared that he (Dr. Cairns) was not informed of tho difficulties which stood in the way of union in this place. 'J he writer of that letter referred to the question of ntate-a(d and ÍEH.p£.fri*l???/ifêpcrffiênce'liîhim"as a'Vtrañgcr toIntùferota this, and he doubted whether he would do much good if bo should do so. No one could entertain a higher sente than he did of the grave importance and rcsponeibi ity that was involved in the caeting off of a minister in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, end he aid ray tbut it was an extremity that should never be contemplated unices the exigencies of the cn60 were auoh as im- peratively to demand mea an act. (Loud cheers.) He believed that wbat was alluded to was an old sore-dating from as far as 1842; and although he would not undertake to make any special rcfi renee thereto, bo might, perhaps, be per- mitted to say that it would delight him ^greatly to hear that the memory of it was cancelled. (Applause.) If In- justice had been done, let it be redressed ; if parties f It ag- grieved, let that, too, bo forgotten. He repeated, it would give bim gi cat de-ligbt to hear that all record waa blotted out of that which bad paBeed. As to the manner in which the question of State-aid would require to be dealt with, he thought nis friend, the »riler of that letter, did not, when he wrote, clearly sea how the thing was managed by thom in Victoria. Let them go on- wards, with cuindcncc, and do their duty in the sight of Gcd. If tbey believed that the State-aid question, impertant as it undoubtedly was-was of moro im- portance than general union in tho Church, all he WLuld say was that they must bo under the influenoe of an ex- aggerated feeling. Union in the Chuch was essentially necessary it they desired to enlarge her borders, if tbey desired to build her up to the hornur and glory of Christ, aud to increase her efBcietcy as a means for the salvation of the souls of men, 'Ihe Rev. Doctor, as be sat down, was loudly cheered. The Rev. Dr. FULLKUTO» (who waa warmly received by the meeting) in an apposite und complimentary speech, moved for a vote or thanks to the Rev. A. J. Campbell, and the Rsv. Dr. Cairns, for the eloquent and most instructive addresses they had just had the privilege of hearing delivered In favour of that union whioh they all desired. He bad great plca-ure in propo iing this vote or thank?, and expressed the sympathy and interest with whioh he had listened to Dr. Cairns' account or the difficul- ties through which the Presbyterians in Viotoria had had to struggle betöre the long sought union was at length obtained. The Rev. Mr. COUTTS seconded the motion, and echoed tho sentiments or the previous speaker as to the addresses whioh had been delitered that evening. He was particularly pleated with the suggestions which bad been made by one of his reverend brethren, in respect of Union prayer meetings, which oould not but be productive of good effects. Tuoso prayer meetings would elo more to break down common prejudices than anything else tbat could possibly be devlBed. He had great pleasure la second- ing the motion. Ihe motion was put from the chair, and oarried by acclama- tion. The Rev. Dr. CAIBNS then invoked the Divine blessing upon all prêtent, and the meeting separated. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, RANDWICK.-At the usual weekly meeting, held on Friday, 10th February-pre- sent, the chairman, Mr. Hebhlewhite, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. 0. Moore-the following business was trans- acted :-The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence. Letters were received and read-No. 1, from Mr. Francis Cooper , NOB, 2 and 3, from the Colonial Treasurer's Office ; No. 4, from Mr. R. Burmwgham, requesting permis- sion to quarry stone from "Whale-street. Resolved, that Mr. Burmingham's request be complied with, under the usual conditions fixed by the Council. The honorary surveyor reported that in consequence of the recent heavy rams, the new bridge erected in Beach street had received some damage, the central pier having given way . he estimated the cost of restoring the same at about £16. Resolved, that the honorary surveyoi be instructed to have the damuge done to the bridge immediately repaired. Accounts were laid on the table from Messrs Broomfield and Whittaker for timber, £39 17s 5d., from P. Purcell, carpenter's work, £8 10s , and for wages, £1 19s. lid total, £50 7s. 4d. Resolved, that the treasurer be authorised to pay the above accounts. The Council then ad- journed till Thursday next, at seven o'clock. The band of the 12th Regiment will perform a selection of music in the Botanic Gardens this afternoon, weather permitting. Programme . 0verture, Guillaume Tell, Rossini ; selection, L'ltalianam Algieri, Rossini, grand waltz, Adelaide, A. Lamette , selection, Loisa Miller, Verdi , quadrille, Militaire, Richner ; galop, Martha, Bilse , God Save the Queen. CORONER'S INQUESTS. -The City Coroner held two inquests on Saturday last. The flrst at the Builders' Arms, Sussex-street, on the body of a man named Joseph Chambers, aged sixty-one years, whe died very suddenly on Saturday morning. The deceased, who was originally from the North of Ireland, was a soldier in the 50th Regiment for twenty-one years, and came with it to the colony. He was subsequently discharged on a pension of one shilling per diem, which pension he continued to receive up to the time of his death. After leaving the army he entered the city police force, and was a constable for about ten years. Since his discharge from the police force he has been employed as a labourer in Mr. Breillat's Flour Mill. At six o'clock on Satur- day morning last he went to his work in his usual good health. His employment that morning consisted of standing in an upper part of the building and guiding the chain of the lifting appara- tus which was being used to hoist bags of meal for the purpose of storing them in one of the lofts. He had not been so employed more than half an hour when he suddenly fell backwards on the floor, appeared to gasp for breath, and expired within two or three minutes without uttering a word. Verdict, visitation of God. -Tbe other was at Darlinghurst gaol, on the body of a confinee, named Ellen O'Neil, aged twenty-eight years. The de- ceased, it appiured, had frequently been in the gaol for drunken- ness, vagrancy, &c;, and had only been discharged a fortnight, when, on the 26th October last, she was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for being au habitual drunkard On the 15th ultimo, she was received into the hospital, suffering from colic and flatulency; subsequently it was found that she was affected by a complication of diseases, her constitution having been under- mined by vicious habits. She continued to get worse, and expired on Friday afternoon. Verdict, disease, the result of intemperance and evil habits. The deceased was a native of Limerick, Ireland, and came out as an emigrant with her husband in 1855. 