CHIJOESE BEBELMON. tSibr is not east for the journalist or for the P^niblij; to keep pace with, a movement which, * commencing twelve years ago, is still but in a preliminary stage; yet the movement to which we refer — the great Chinese rebellion — is one of snch enormous dimensions, and involves such strange political and religious changes, that it irould betoken an unaccountable apathy were ?we to pass it by unheeded. From time to time the China papers . have given details of . new operations on the part of ' the rebels ;' but so utterly contradictory have these accounts been — proceeding sometimes from Imperial and some times from Rebel chroniclers — that to read was but to confuse and bewilder.- Later reports, however, have. to some extent elucidated the question, and the news of the capture of Soochow by the insurgents has done' more to arrest European attention than twenty previous con tests. The opening up of China and Japan to the civilisation of the western world, and the creation of new markets of practically unlimited capa bilities, will in connection with the full develop ment of steam and the rapid progress of mechanical invention, crown gloriously the Becond half of the nineteenth century. The pro ducing and manufacturing power of Europe and 'America is equal to the wants of the world, and at themoment when this power is being expanded **j im±%m,u3! %jl mecnanicai arc anu. p«iHj mbih. with her countless myriads throws open to the 'West her ever-craving markets. And whilst the diplomacy of the United States, the military and naval forces of France and Britain, and ? the snamfold schemes and intrigues of Muscovite policy are day byplay, and year by year,breaking down and undermining the exdusiveness of Chinese races— the ' rebels,' tis they are termed, though generally opposed by the representatives of Christendom, are perseveringly working toward the same end. . The present insurrection will be deemed a 'wicked rebellion, ora-holy crusade, just as men estimate its origin and its aims. The religious element is certainly more conspicuous than the political. The ' rebels ' are in many essential, points Christians. They keep holy the first day of the week ; they believe in a Trinity of Deities in one Godhead ; they style them -Father, Son, and Holy Breath (or Spirit) ; they avow faith an the Atonement, in the Besurrection, and in a future state of blessedness. We do not sup [pose these things are altogether unknown to our xeaders, although the accounts that have been [published on this subject have neither been so ?explicit nor are they .so .well remembered as to anake it unnecessary to repeat them. At all ?events, as we have before us a Chinese paper, (containing a letter just written by some Ameri can missionaries, reciting the particulars now stated, with much other matter of a kindred de scription, we shall not be charged with, inflicting stale reminiscences upon, our readers.' Xt appears that in June last a party of Ameri can ministers resolved, if possible, to penetrate into the eitv of Soochow, then in the hands of the insurgents. One of the writers says — ' To inow something of what the rebels were, what were their principles, what their creed, what their knowledge of the true (rod and the plan of salvation ; to present them with Christian boots and with the Word of God in a more recent and mere reliable translation than that already in their possession, and to ascertain how they / intended to act towards foreigners, and particu larly towards missionaries, were the objects we proposed to ourselves.' The journey was performed by water, and one of the first incidents recorded of their travels is remarkable. The rebels had burnt several Soman Catholic churches, on 'the ?.ground that they contained images and ifigures, and the mission of the insurgents S-eing to put down idolatry, they had refused to distinguish between Pagan and Christian images ! The people in the line of march of the rebels generally opposed them, and fearful slaughter marked the whole -of the insurgent track; butas the main body of the rebels passed on, the people in the rear planted small yellow flags to intricate submission, and proceeded thereafter quietly to cultivate the soil. .Large tracts of country were, however, desolated; towns and villages left heaps of blackened ashes, a few solitary dog8 and animals being their only occupants. ? ' AtQung Sein, the missionaries had a favorable opportunity of. ascertaining the religious opinions of the insurgents, then 'holding possession of that city. They celebrated Divine worship on Sundays, and sung a doxology of which the following is a copy :-^- ' ''Praise to Shangti w^10 ** &e; heavenly holy Father, Praise to Jesus wht? i& tiie holy Saviour. 'Praise to the holy Spin'^nal Wind which is the Holy Ghost. ' Praise to^the three persons wh'O are one true God.' The following 'abstract of doctrine' was given to the missionaries at Qung Sein ? — ' Is thfj true doctrine like the doctrines of the world P It saves the soul of man that he may enjoy everlasting happiness. Those who are wise will diligently perform it (Le. conform to its teachings ,) and blessed are they who receive it. If a man search his heart and perceive his own sinfolnesf i, the road to heaven is open to foirn. The men gr of our heavenfy Father is boundless. He spare d not his 'first born Son, font sent Vrm r down to the world to give up hfe life as a ranson that he rmight forgive the sins of men. If & man know i shis doctrine, repent, and depart from eij&t; his sov il shall ascend to heaven.' The y vuse the subjoined form of Morning or Eveni ng Prayer : — ' T^ 7-e ? little ones bow down upon the earth to pre ty our heavenly Father the great Shangti, to gra lit grape, to pity, to save, to preserve us. Give 1?hou continually to us the holy Breath (or Spirit) of God to change onr wicked hearts, liever let the Dei*il deceive us, but evermore streiagtiien us. If^ver let the Devil perse cut&ns.; We trust m the redeeming merits of the holy Saviour, the ancient Teacher w?/o is our eldest brother in heaven. We* trust also ia the merits of the IJearned teacher of later day,, the eastern TTing vyho redeems us from \- dise ase, that they may iir our stead pray our heavenly Father the Great Shangti that his will ma;/- be perfectly done on eiirth as it is inheaven. *'* Xiook down upon us and! . answer our prayer. In our hearts we truly wish, these things. ' I'hey adopt the Christian: custom of asking a blessing before meals, and the following is a common form in use amongst them* : — ?' Blessing Befobb a Meax. — Heavenly, Fattier the great Shangti, bless us .little ones. Give us day by day. clothes to wear a.xid_f6od to eat. ^ Deliver us from evil 'and calai 'ftitf and receive our fouls into heaven.' ' ? : ?'- . The main object of the missionary tra vellert remained, however, yet unaccomplished, namely, the visit to Soochow. At last they obtained y entrance, and asked for a letter to be conveyed to ' tiie King.' The Mandarin in the confi dence of the King first conversed with the mis-, nonaries. He was exceedingly amdous'td know what the 'foreigners,' thatris, the Europeans and Americans, thought of the movement, and was especially anxious to know if the French and English would oppose their inarch upon Shanghai. He asked whether it would satisfy ihe foreigners if t&ey; {ifee insurgents) were to draw a line beyond which they would pledge themselves not to goT The letter says—' In reply to all this we told them of the forces in Shanghai, o'f the idea that foreigners had of their being a band of robbers and- murderers, and that they were determined they should not go there. We therefore advised that they should keep away at least for the present. He proposed to us to take money down and buy arms for them, which we declined on the ground that we were ministers of theGospeL and had come only to talk about the doctrine.' As may be supposed, the American missionaries had full permission to read and preach in all parts of Soochow whilst they staid there. We will now give the closing extract from the really instructive and interesting letter, to which we have already been so largely indebted : — 'The recent taking of Hangchau and its im mediate abandonment by the rebels is explained by what we heard the other day. It was a stra tagem by which to draw off the Imperial forces from Nanking. The rebels themselves say that they were nearly starved out, their treasury was almost exhausted and a half month more of con finement must have been most disastrous. Closely besieged for years they had had two outlefe by which to have communication with, the rest of the world. One of these the impe rialists cut off, and had built quite a city outside Nanking. As a hist resort the rebels made a bold attack on Hang-chau, the imperial forces were drawn off thither from Nanking, and as soon as they had gotten fairly to Hang-chau, the rebels moved right back to Nanking, joined those who had been left in that city, and swept from the whole region the encampments of the impe rialists. Thence they proceeded down to Suchan sweeping everything before them. In this series of rebel successes Tsang Quo Liang lost his life, and the army was broken, 70,000 imperialists deserting to the rebels. See, the Futai, was taken prisoner by the rebels, and he requested to be killedby them, but they declined, saying they had service for him to perform. He persistently refused to serve them, saying that if he should, the Emperor would have his wife and family and all his connections slain. 'To avoid this sad result, the rebels proposed to go with .him to Huchau, and take his wife, family connections, property, &c;, all to Suchau. To this he' consented, and accordingly a bold partyforced their way into the city and succeeded in accomplishing the thing proposed. See was duly installed in the rebel army and sent at the head of the deserting imperialists to gain merit by taking the city of Hangchau. They had not heard of its fell when we left Suchow. - '?The rebel kingdom is now increasing so rapidly in its extent, and stretching its borders bo near to us, that the time will soon come when we must take some stand as missionaries and as men in regard to them. ,The statements made above, of what we saw and heard,may help some to their conclusions. We have come home with, our minds much more favorably impressed in regard to the whole movement than they have ever done before. These men seem to feel an interest in what they do. They feeL however improperly, that they are called of God to put an end to idolatry and to the Tartar Dynasty. When they are about to destroy a temple they stand around it, and their Leader cries out, 'Ijq the name of Shangti the holy Father, and by. the authority of Jesus his Son, we demolish this temple/ and then the work begins. Unless God interposes and by his own might put them down, what power can crush a people, infatuated with such an idea ? Certainly no army whose soldiers fight only for the sake of two-hundred cash a day, no army in China. ? ' Though in itself the rebellion may be wrong, and may nave very much connected with it that is evil, yet we know that God can and will bring good out of it. In this we will rejoice. ' Yours, &c;, *' J- B. Habtw- blii.' It is, o£ course, wholly beyond our province to discuss the tendencies of this movement from the point of view taken by Mr. Hartwell; — hut there is one consideration which ought not to be overlooked by the journalist, namely, that if the revolution in China should be consummated in the overthrow of the present reigning dynasty, tEe succeeding one would be much more closely allied to the European races in politics, religion, And commerce ; whilst there is no reason what ever to suppose that the internal administration of China would suffer. 