SABBATH OBSERVANCE. A SERMON, the subject of which was, " The Jew- ish Sabbath not the Christian Sunday, or a Re- view of the Sabbatarian Controversy," was deli- vered on Sunday evening at the Unitarian Cha- pel, Eastern Hill, Melbourne, by the Rev. H. Higginson. The rev. gentleman commenced his discourse by reviewing the circumstances under which the various controversies had been held. The question he said, was first opened up by Dr Cairns in a lec- ture on the Sabbath, delivered before the Evan- gelical Alliance on Oct, 7, 1857; and the same gentleman took part in a controversy which ap- peared on the subject in the columns of the Christian Times. Lately eight addresses on the Sabbath observance had been delivered at the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute, and at the same time a great many arguments pro and con appeared in various shapes in the columns of the different newspapers. Notwithstanding the extent of the mass of printed matter devoted to both sides of the question, the arguments at present adduced were extremely few, the rest being made up by declamation, denunciation, and imputation of motives unworthy of Christian disputants. Re- gretting that he should be unable to exhaust the subject in one evening, he announced the follow- ing as his text:— "One man esteemeth one day above another, another esteemeth every day alike; let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind."— Romans, xiv. 5. He should take first the evidence in favour of the Jewish Sabhath being still binding on Christians, commencing at that part anterior to the establish- ment of the Mosaic dispensation. Genesis iii. 1-3 described how God rested from the creation of the world, after, six days' labour, on the seventh day, but nothing was there said about the perpetual establishment of that day as one of rest. No part of the Book of Genesis conveyed the slightest intimation that there was to be any human observance of the Sabbath at all. Geolo- gists had proved that the six days of the Creation were six eras of about 10,000 years each, and this interpretation would leave the clear inference, that if the seventh day on which God rested was of the same length as the six preceding, the Sabbath was not over yet, and that all the work done since was an infraction of the Sabbath law. This absurdity seemed to be half acknowledged by the Rev. Mr Storie, who, in his lecture, remarked disparagingly that he had not much faith in "little geologists, small chemists, and Tom Thumb philosophers;" but this part of the argument, on which Professor Baden Powell had also written, was too extensive to be dealt with now. Coming to the establishment of the Mosaic Sabbath in the Fourth Command- ment as contained in Exodus xx. 8, the Sabbata- rians laid great stress on the word "remember," as showing the previous existence of the same law; but although the Jews and other nations had kept some day, there was no proof that they had done so ever since the Creation; and the word 'remember' was frequently used as an inde- pendent injunction not to forget. The com- mandment was repeated in Leviticus, and especially in Deut v.12-15, where the precedent of the Egyptian bondage was made the subject of commemoration, reference to the seventh day of rest after the Creation being omitted. Exodus xvi., and Numbers xv., 32, spoke of Sabbath observance during the wanderings in the wilder- ness, and in the after history of the Jews, the prophets, as in Isaiah i.11-14, remonstrated with the Jews against mere ceremonious observances. The 117th Psalm, 21, said, "This is the day which the Lord hath made; let us rejoice and be glad in it." But Dr Cairns assertion, that this Lord's day meant the Sabbath, was not so likely to be true as that the author — variously stated to be David, Hezekiah, or a poet of the Maccabees alluded to the Lord's day as a day which the Lord had distinguished by a great mercy. Thus it would be a correct Hebrew idiomatic expression to refer to the 13th of June, on which the battle of Waterloo was fought, as a Lord's day. Coming to the New Testament teaching of Christ and his Apostles, and the question whether the Jewish Sabbath was considered to be binding on Christians, it would seem that Christ taught by deed rather than by word. Matthew xii.,1-13, contained an incident illustrating Christ's teaching on this subject; but in Mark ii. the same incident was made to refer principally to feasting, the obvious inference being that the glorious garment of the Gospel was not to be patched up with the rags of Judaism. At other times, when Christ's opinion was asked, he dis- tinctly recapitulated all the nine commandments, omitting the Fourth; and this was plainly indica- tive of an argument that the nine commandments were re-enacted by Christ, but that the Fourth was left out because Christ considered it to be no longer binding The Apostles taught the same, for they were found working miracles on the Sab- bath; and St. Paul gave especial instructions in Colossians ii.,16 —"Let no man, therefore, judge you in meat or in drink, or in respect of an holi- day, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath days " The Sabbatarians had been chary of alluding to this passage, and Dr Cairns, in his first contro- versy omitted mention of it altogether, although his attention was directed to it. Lately, however, he suggested that the word "Sabbath" in this passage meant a common holiday, but this was merely an unsatisfactory assumption. The Rev Messrs Campbell, Symons, and Fletcher con- sidered that in this passage St. Paul was merely deciding a dispute between some Hebrew and Gentile converts, but the explanation assumed that at the time the Apostles had adopted the first day in the week, of which there was no existing record. It was better to treat the argu- ment this way than to ignore it altogether, but plain common sense was opposed to the conclu- sion drawn by the Sabbatarian party. Archdea- con Paley, contemptuously alluded to by Dr Cairns as having long ceased to be an authority among Christians, said that if the commandment was still binding, it must be binding in the day, duties, and penalties; and as to the penalties, adultery and disobedience to parents were made capital crimes. It might be replied that these were moral duties, and the time commandments mentioned by Christ, independently of their penalties, were all moral duties, whereas Sabbath observance was not a moral duty, but simply a ceremonial law. Dr Cairns spoke of the law of the Sabbath as the hinge between the two tables of the law, but how could the Fourth Command- ment be the hinge between the whole ten? In allusion to the same commandment, he said— "Time writes no wrinkle on its azure brow," But how could the brow of the Sabbath be azure and did the doctor know that he was quoting from so naughty a poet as Lord Byron, and that too, inaccurately? So much for the day and the penalties, neither of which the Sabbath party ever proposed to continue at this present time. Christ kept the seventh day, but the Sabbath party wished to transfer that Sabbath to the first, in commemoration of the resurrection, and for this purpose the admitted fact that Christ and his disciples met on the first day of the week was used as an argument, but they failed to establish that the first day was celebrated by Sabbath ob- servances. Christ meeting his disciples on the first day of the week, which began after sunset on Saturday, and the effusion of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost, did not of themselves prove this transference, and the only ground given for it was contained in the statement that the Jewish Christians, who had long observed the first day of the week side by side with the seventh, observed the first day only after the destruction of Jerusalem; but this fact rested merely on a tradition, which was quite unworthy of Protestant acceptance. Much was said by the Sabbath party about the immaterialness of observing any special day — one day in seven being sufficient for Christians; and the best argu- ment for this was produced by the Rev Mr Symons, who maintained that as two ships sail- ing in contrary directions could not observe the same day as the Sabbath, so any exactness with respect to the day was immaterial. This argu- ment was specious rather than sound, and tended mostly to ptrove that the commandment was merely intended to be observed in a remote age, when such circumstances as that of diversely sailing ships not keeping the same day were un- known, and of course unprovided for, for the commandment to the Jews specially referred to the very seventh day. On the Scriptural proof of their case the Sabbath party seemed extremely weak, and their language was more like inspired prophets' than reasoners' of the 10th century. They took their doctrines from the Westminster General Assembly catechism, in the questions and answers of which all Presbyterian college-stu- dents were examined closely, the texts in support of the doctrine these laid down were Gen. ii. 2., Acts xx. 7., and Rev. i. 7., which simply proved that the first day was kept, but not that the Jewish Sabbath was transferred. The initiation of the present movement lay with the old Pres- byterian and Puritan piety, who had taken the foremost part in it. Sufficient time, however, was not afforded to enable him (the preacher) to treat the whole of this portion of the subject in a single sermon. It was plain that Christ and Paul had only spoken against the superstitious observance of the Sabbath, but had in no way transferred its obligations to the first day; and of the Christian observance of the first day in the week he should speak on a future occasion. He could not conclude without adverting to the hu- miliating position in which the Church of England stood in the present discussion, and, to use an Oriental phrase, to the amount of dirt they had been compelled to eat by their Presbyterian aliies, when they heard Archdeacon Paley discounted by Dr Cairns, and such men as Powell, Maurice, and Archbishop Whately classed as below their level. One of the Sabbath Observance lecturers had pa- tronised Robertson, by saying that had that gen- tleman lived longer he would have changed his opinions, but he (the preacher) could, iu,l compli- ment the "extreme fanatic party" upon living si- milarly open to a conviction of error. Happily, however, for the Church of England the growth of the "Broad Church" party, and r'end. appoint ments to those eounietad with it, promised that a fairer and better grcfflid would be taken up on this subject. The preacher concluded by warn- ing his hearers of the danger of viewing the ques- tion in a uavro and superstitious way, and called upon them to examine it for themselves, and keep the day according to their convictions. " He pro= mised to preach on "The Christian Lord's Day, and its importance, with special reference to the difficulties of legislating for that observance," on a future Sunday evening. — Argus. 