VALEDICTORY MEETING OF1 DR. , . LANG'S CONGREGATION Ä nxitmcTonr mealing: of filie Rarerem] Joba Dunmora farrrg'« congregation waa bold In the Scots' Church, Cberroh-htll, yester- day evening, on the occisión of tha honorable and r'ovoromt gentleman's Intended depsrluro fur Europe. Tho church was filled at all pointe. Among those present woro Jemos Dickson* Esq., M.P., Robert Stewsrt, Esq., K.P., the Homrends John .«Tdid, Willlara Chaucer, Samuel Humphroa, Jsmoa Vollor, and Will h m Rldl sv, and John Black, Esq. The ohslr nts o-ciinlod hy tho nor. John Reid. Tho-prooeod logs were cu menes I by einging a portfon of tho fortr-tblid plaam. Rev. 8. Humphreys Iban offered prayer, and tbe'cUalr I man thon explained Ibo design of tho meeting. Il waa to ex pros« their good wishes towards Dr. Hang, far his [ basltb, happlnoas, andLuseflilness. When good wishes I prooooded from tho beert, end wore tho expressions ot Blnoorn I end well- merited oateem, they wero among tho beat Coolinga of human nature. The Scriptures contain tho words of a good man, "I wish above all things that thou moynst prosper and ha in health;" ho was sure all presont would join in snob a wish for the Rev. Dr. Cong. Thia meeting was also a lentlmony of tho high oBtoom in wnichDr.Iittr.gwss held aa a publie mon, and of tho bonollte he bsd rondorod to thoaountry. Dh Lung carno to tho oountry nearly 40 years ago, whon thia wno a penni oolony when tho ncoplo nollhcr know nor valued their rights-wh>m religion, oduoallon, and morality woio at a very low ebb. Dr. Lang was not the man to bo daunted; ho put hin-shoulder to tho whoo!, and'labourod with untiring perseverance- fur she intellectual, moral, und spl'imal well.being af his' follow, colonista. lfDr.Eang h«d been a oolfiah mun ho might tmvo been riding in his carriego and rolling In wealth. Rut his labours wore nrost disinterested ; bo had worked Tor tho lutoiests of otbors nat for himself. (Appbtusn.l He had had to encounter difficulties which would have overonma tho spirit of any othor man. Ile had b'een onnoornod for tho eplrltaal gooil of tho oolony : many a time ho had gone to distant parts of tho ooitiitry,. making known tho gaapol of aalvallon. (Applause.! Ho need not -dwell on tho uffeotion entortalnod fur their aonlor pastor by tho members of his congregation. They hod od hered to him- through all his trials. (Cheers I A dark aloud soemod to hang over tba church. Dut let thom ad- here faith tully to tbolr common course, and truat in Him who oould mako even tho r enemies to bo at poseo with thom, end they would amargo triumphantly. For himsoif, ho'(Mr. Reidy could say for two years and a-half he bad boen Dr, Lang's ool lenguo, and though they ofion differed In opinion thor moved on in harmony. (Conors.)1 He Honed that Dr. Lang on his roturo would And them In posoe, unltod, walking in the fosr of tho Lord, and onjoylng the comfort of tho Holy Ghost. He rojoiood to BOO BO largo a mooting on thia uooaalon. Tho oholr Ilion performed an nnthom," We pralaethoo, O 6nd,' eftnr'whloh the fellowing eddroaa waa rend and preaontcd tn ROT. D'. Lang by Mr. Goorge' Drown, of tho Globo, ono of the oldera of tho ohureh. Mr. Brown made a few Int-oilHctory remaras to the congregation. Ha bsd boon for nearly 20 yeera a member of Ibis congregation, end for ono third part of tint tims had'boen tn oOlce iln Ithe lohnroh.' Hb.thorororo, heil H giod opportunity of judging or Dr. Lnng'a oharaotorlstlos. It was only th.iBo who hail been intimately, associated with Dr. Lang who onuld fully appraolate his worth. (Applause) Ho then road the following address : "To tho Rererond John Dunmora Lang, D.D .Sonlor Minister of the Soots Church) Svdnoy. Itevorand and Doar 8!r,-Tho members of tho oongrogotton a-aomblingin the SontB Church, and ovor which yon have had tho pastoral abaroo thean thirty-five years, deem ll their' duly, on this your olgluh visit to the mothor- oou'ntry.nn maUore oonnectcd with tho Churob, and the social aud morat advenoen.ont oflhese cnlnnios, to oonvoy to you tho assurance of tbolr esteem.' nnd respect. They oxcoodlngly regret that events ahou d havo- ooeurrod to deprive thom, for a Ilma, of vour ministerial »uprrlntondenoo and spiritual Instruc- tions; but oonsola thomsolvns with the hopo thut your present visit may provo ominonllv bonollclal in furthering, notnnlylho aettlnment or tho bu»inees. moro immediately In hand, but also othi-r groat interests of titeen oolonloa. >ond of tho Church of Christ In this part of tba world. " Willi thoso Hsntlmnnta oraiTeotlonato regret and hopo, and willi fervent prayer, that the Omi of Ilunven may wstoh ovor youi il I root your steps, succeed' your efforts, and opnadily brirg you back in hoalth and peaoo to your ramlly, to your congregation, and to tho oounlry, WIIOBO bost Intercale yon havo ror ouch a long porlod endeavoured tn promote, wo honrtlly bid you farewell; " On buhairnfltiii onnuxogallon, . DEO UGH DROWN, Chairman. " 8cota Church. Sydnoy, Now South Walos. "Suth December, issn. Sn. LAtiO'H EKPLTt. "Christian Friends ana Brolhran.-A« you havo virtually aoknowledgod. In thia vory gratifying vuloillotory addresi, that my contemplated voyngo to Bnrnpo- for tho eighth tlme'Slnoe tn) flrot arrival In tblsoolony. thirty.'even years ORO-ls« mailor or if gent neooasltv, not only for tho Intornsls of this Churoh nod congregation, but for tho welfaro and advnuoatnont or tho Pros, byierlan Church generally In thnao onlonlns, I nooapt thia var» aordUl expression or'your affaolionsto regard for mysolf . indi, vldually, conjoined, aa lt ia, wllh your oarnrst nrayora for'the Rucéese of my mission, with all gratlludo and wllh all humility. I havo o-ly to request, In reply, that yon will all ondoavour, during my abaonoe, to maintain tho unity of tho Spirit in tho bond of poaoo, net forsaking tho aasembllng of yourselves' together, as tba manner of so many ls In thia land, hut attending tho ordinances or religion, as disponssd in this ohuroh-bymy esteemed colleaguo, regularly and oonsolontlously, end'thoreby strengthening-Ilia benda Hnd encouraging his heart In tho work or the Lord ; romomberlng also that, as a Christian .congrega, tlon, you.have, both individually and collectively, a high and snored duly to dlsohargn, that the Christian ministry, in this. Churoh may bo properly Bttstnlnod, so as to uphold the toelimony we havo «o . long and BO suocosilullj horno to thlmtanBCendontly important tm.h, that tba Chrlstiaa ministry, whon.nt all efficient, will be sufficiently sustalnod by tho freewill offerings of_ tho Christian people, and that thia Oliuroli may long be rogardod, In every other.rcepect as well as In that of antiquity, tho First Pres. byterisn Ohuroh in thia land. "My stay in the mnthor-oountry will not, I' axpoot, bo pro traotod : may I. tlieroforo requostthat, du>ing my nhsanae.my osteemod- colleague and myself may exporlonoo tho benefit of your Christian oo-operotlon and exorllons, as wo» ns tho sympathy of your prayers. And may tho bi oaslng of tho God of poaoo be with you alli Amen." ... Mr. IlDRNiiuM »ld that ons of tho oausos or their revoron Çastor's rlslt to Europo was tho sppesl In tho Soots Ohiireh. ease he majority of tho congregation wero agreed that that oppon was nooessnry, ansi that lt waa equally nooosaary Dr. Lang abouli go home to support H. (Applause) In faot, when a stop o Impórtanos was taken, evory monos should be used to ensnro lt euoosss. With regard to T)r. Lang's reposted! absence-thia ba lng his.eighth voyage to Europa-he ¡(tho apoaker) vlowad hli travelling aa not merely for tho intoresta of that- congregation but ns promotive ot tho Intorests of religion ganorally In thti oolony. They might almost say thnt Dr. Lang was. ona of tbi .fournie» of tho colony, especially In a religious and moral poln ofvlow. (Applause.) Ile oonsldorod that Dr. Lang- bod a rlgb to toko an Interest tn tho religious, moral, and. social advance mont of tho oolony. Now, If thoy took this vlovs of the mattor they would undorstand why Dr. Lang hnd'beou so often abson from his Immedlato ohargo; and they must ruoolleot that al though ho should not ho pojonahltig to them,.he would bo presoh inp) somowhero elsa. (Applause.) By bia visita to tho mother country. Dr. Lang had greatly advanced the intorests of re jilalan in those colonie». Ho lind dona so by/bringing out number! ,of ministers, who Iud ostabilshnd themselves, sorao in tho olly 'and some throughout the various parts-of the oolony. And thost jhaitheoomolhoriurtfl ofs.ma->y congregations. Thoy had boot iwlth Dr. Langfor a tttno. and then tboy. had-aaparatsd : but thc jresnlt hod boon mnoh tho samo ns in Ibo apnstolla timos-thc .Oospel had bren moro extensively spread« Dr. Lang had alst 'advancod tho intorests nf rallglou bybrtnglng ont bodies of mot: ? Imbued with religious prlnolplos ; ho (tho opo'akar) roforred par jtloularly lo tba hotly of man brought out to Moreton Bay-mer 'botwaon whom there soomod to bo a bond of roilgiouo union '(Applause) Mr. Hodgson bad aaid that this body of mon hat : Bottled tho question of transportation ¡ that for tho future lt ha lani neoesaary to lay asido tho.ldoa ofranowlng transportation ' (Applauso.) Ia parting with tbolr honoured paator, ho (tht [ opeaker) wished to atludo to bli religious ministrations amongst I thom, as bl« onirrogallon. Dr. Laughed many political frioadi who wore unsoqualntod with him aa a minis 1er. Ho had often thought that In futon i times, when thoy would hoar Dr. Lang's vnlot no more, thoy would bo sorry thoy hod nothssrd bim aa a min Istor-bo roforrod particularly to those wbo had hoard Dr. Lana only as a political man. Ho (tho epaakar) did not think tba Dr. Lang's preaching waa appreolatod In this oo'ony as lt shouh bo. (Applause) He did not consider the numbor of noongrogn tlon was any proof or efTlolenoy on tho part of tho proaohor. Bomi persons did n it Uko to hoar tho plain unvarnished truth, tba) liked to hear pleasant things ¡ but Dr. Lang was a mlnlator whi proaohod tho truth. (Applauso) That waa ono reason why tin obnroh hud not n moro numerous congregation. Ho (tht i speaker) had hoard preaohars of many dltTeraai opinions, h ut he I bad novar heard any mlnl«larBlvn a plainer, moro «implo, mon sffeotlonata. or moro forcible explanation of Gaspo! truth thai Dr. Lang. Ila could monllon «avérai kinds of looluras glvan.b; j tho revorond gentlamnn in illustration of this. Us romomhorod aormons of a procoptlve kind, and lootures on tho command ! monts. Many orthom felt 'tbeao lectures tn he exceeding!; vnluahlo. Than thor» wore his loalurea on tho duty and utUlly i of family prayer : as also on tba Ufo and oharactou ol Koah, Ila (tho Bpcaknr) well remembered their reverend pas tors pathatlo daaorlptlon of Davld'a lamontntlon ovar tho. dentb of Absalom: lils ponrtravalaf tho lovnof God for man, and bli aonstsnt effort ta proaoh Obrlst aruoiflod ; OB also tha.oortalnty ol rowards and putilnliniont. Dr. Lang had exemplified lila preach- ing-ha bad persovered lu tho aoitrso hoboliovod to bo tba right, and ho lonkad forward toa future reward, (Applauso) Ho (tho sposkor) hld nnlloed, oblefiy In connection wllh tho. Sarlpturoa Dr. Lang's ohild-llko nimpUolty-ho opproachod tho word of God neither supposing, nor imagining, nor philosophising Ha wont tn tho Sorlnlurea like a little child It was a groat support to find men of Dr. Lang's sound common sense going ta.Ibo Sorlpturas with so milch simplicity-not selling up any opinion, of bis awa- it was a great support In tha prasanao of uuholiovlog poteons to lind looa af Dr. I eng's noknowlodgod sbllty submit hlmasll antlroly to tho will or God. (Applause) Dr, Lnnd seemed to be ns young now aa when bo (tho speaker) first know him. (Applause.) How many man ol tba world youngal than Dr. Lang had worn thomsotvos out bototo their time, but it was tba reward that Oed gavo to those, wbo sorvod him, and whom he needed to do lils work, to prolong thstr lives. Dr. Lang was a man of onrnost mind. Uo willied to dwell ou tho only manar of real Importance lo his oongsogatlon, many sf whom bsd resottodly enjoyed bl« aimplo, plain, and forolblo stalomonts al Gospel truth. Ho trustod that when Dr. Lang oama baok umong thom, many of thom who had known him only as a polllt. cal man would know bim as n preoehornf tho Qospol. (Applauso.1 Dr. Lang had ibo happiness of hoing so constituted In mind and body ss to ho ohio to oarry ont nearly all tho projects whlah bo bad deslgacd. What ho had doslgnod hahaif In mosteases oarrlod to a nuooosifnl issue. Ho hnd mot with, great opposition, but alimón who aaaorapllihed muoh must oxpooi to do so. Ha maintained that Dr. Lang was a good mau. His wbolo atm bad hoon to do good tn lils felTow.mat., Ha maintained that religion had InOtienoed Dr. Lang during tho wbolo or his lire. What moro could lin donn to promoto rallglon In this oolony thsji to bring out botlloBOfvlrlMotis Immlßtunli? (Applause) Ha had no doubt Dr. Lang would bo safely rostorsd to them again. Tho CiumsuN would muk o a few remarks at tho prosont atago of tho proceedings. Tho Inst speaker had alluded to Br. Lang s frequent nbaenoo from bia congregation. Hs (Mr. lluevo) onoe asked suoh a question of ono of Dr. Lang's ardont admirara, and was told bo was no ordinary man, and was not to bo fettorod by ordinary rulos. If th« doctor h id not boon doing good to them, hs bad been doing gnod to othoT, and they knew thoy wara ta lava their neighbours as thomsalvas. Ho cordially ooncurred tu tho addreis Just alton thom, and lt must ba gratifying to Dr. Lang that on bia donarture lin oarrlod with him thu faithful attach- ment not only or lila oongrogntlnn, but alao of largo multitudes In tho ally and throughout tba country. Tho eholr than sang tho "Ohrtlitlan Mournor ¡ words by Mrs. Homans, muslo by Mr. Marshall. Dr. LINO than ross lo reply to tho address. Ila said they woro doubtless nil aware that tho main object Of lit* contemplated voyage to l'luropo, was to offset a settloniont of tho vexatious Church proporly question, whlab had already given that congre- gation an much Irotllilo and annoyance,and aubjeoled thom to aa muoh unnooossary expense, lie oomossoil, bowovor, that the moro property question, Involved in the olvll aullen recently before tho Bupruma Court, and now tinttor appaal to tbs Privy Council, gavo him voryllttlo trouble or eonaarn. It was merely tbs ooctoslaalloal question which tho oana Involved, to whlah bo altaohod any Interest, and ho had no hesitation In say. lng that this aspect of ihn osso disclosed a degree af Iniquity altogether unparalleled In thoblttory oi tho Presbyterian Churoh. That day Maa a day or groat account In their fstbsr.land In Oslo. donia, booauao tho Itoformntlon from Popory (apptauae) was fully «doompllslied tb«t dur 300 yann drfp. Tba preliminary »(«OH»« wiro il«!ned In a prevloli« portion of lb« ye»r, «nd tb»» Bad not fXd to ôorn^ In Wt Obiirch. Wo."./'» ''». n° IM« iL loii In «syliig lint lb« history af Ibo Pro»*» tartan Churoh wron/ rabbling th« ono or Willoi, no, «hon hlghr. lbof.1a «light «koiob that ovontng. It WM thrm to ijj ooiTle.Issilaal ««pool, of tho oa.o hat "Sil lTíow?ño to exhibit to tho Churoh «nd people" or Sonlland, well know! lg that when the roe! r«ot« «nd cfrcumstanoo« or the owe were ms. olofiodto tho General A«.ombly of toe EstablishedOhoreh of Bootland. «nd lo tho Chrletlun p<opto of th»lr fatherland. »« he Intended doing, tho doclslon or the oivll oourls, w»other favour «hlo to thora or othorwl.o, would havo comparatively ll tie lr »ny weight st «ll tn determining that Isatio. lt would «JTb'le«. bo eupposod by porsons wbo regarded this rrmttor »aPorflI?,1»)|y>llami who wero woll «aqnslnlod with tho li «lory or tho OhU'ob or Christ-lt would doublloss bo supposed by suoh person i.lli«t lhere must hsvo boon soirrothlng grloviously w-ong on il« pa ri. lo bavo stirred un such a tatse olorloal eomblmion against him ns thoy had all wltnassed for years past, and Hist onoh yoxatlous procoe'dlngo wero allogothor unlike tba pruooodings of ihn primitivo and apostollo ohnroh. That, hnwovor, would ho a groat mistake Tho primitivo npootollo church wns. arter ell pretty muoh Uko oura. For exemple, tho glorlou« aponte ot tho gentlloa, 81 Pani, who. Ihoy might suppose, must bayo "oen «linoel wor.hlppnd by lha primitive Ohrl.llnns of hiitlmo, had pretty much tho proooduro to doal with SB ho had hmrtair, not onlv among prorossod Christian poopln. but among his (Si. Paúl'») own olorloal brothren. As lo tho otihilon» of orofoisad Cbrlatlan« of tho day lu roforenoe lo-hlmsolf, lt wits evident they tooii groat latitude of »pooob-somo or them said lila bod ly .,~L "". -..k .nd hi« snoech onntemntiblo, although ho wes tho greatest orator, perhaps, that ovor i"»<">; (Apploiiso.) Anil an Insignificant Inkor, n member or ¿ni ortho Churohoa bo hail planted, did' au mooll. " opoetio a« a minister of tho O .«pal. th« bo almost broke hi« hoart. Tho aposito tobi him that although ho hail dono liirrrso muoh evil, yot.lhe Lord reward him. Btifnf «ll tho trouble and annoyanoo that tho Apostle Paul oxporlencod In tho optt.ee or hi« ministry, the greatest by far was from 111« own «»joolulo« In tito Christian ministry-meu whom ho imphal ontly styled fslse brolhron, end In enumerating tho|varlot»s-pnrlls ho hsdenooun tared during hie mlnlatry. ho mentlonoil those as tho mo«l trilng and tbo- sovoroslofall. Thal apsetle, ho bellovod. planted rar more obürohe«, and eottlod far "moro mlnUtorH in Asia Minor, thon be would bo honoured to do, although ho had douo something in that way In Austra- lasia. (Cheers.) In his letter to Timothy, ho spoko of its being well-known thol tho ministers nf Asia hud turned against him. Thero we» Phygollus «nd Hermiigenui.- Ho wa« quito «uro thoy would have doposod tho aposito if thoy could, but lt wa« quit» avldont they passed a whole serlos of resolution« ?gainst him, deolartng, of aourao, that ho woe ono or tho worst orman. Ho would Uko to make a almpl» remjrk in rororonoe lo our own limos. Had tho apostle hoon anything Uko an aroh. hlsbop, like our friend Dr. Folding, ho would haye dealt with l'hvgallita «nd Hormogenua by sending olroulor letters to his clergymen, as wa« dono during the rooont election, lo toll tho ponulo to volo against thom, and not allow thom to trimble tho archbishop any more. (Applauso ) Again, had tho aposito hoon Uko anothor oburoh dignitary lu tbl»-oniony, Blahop Burkor, what would ho havo dono in that oaso with Phygelln« «nd Horma, gonna t Why, he wou'd havo oonslgnod him over to hi« Chancellor, HIr W; W. Burton, who, with the aid of four oom. mimarles, should elTootnally prevent any farther tremolo on Ibo port or Phygollus and Hormogontis. (Ç boors.) . It was quito evident, howovor.that St. Paul nollhor did nor could do anything or ihn kind, for the bost of all reasons-and the truth would como ont, tn anita or all opposition to lt-that 8t. jPatil was nollhor a bishop nor an archbishop ¡ but, in truth, like «plain Presbyterian mlulstor, who hod to deal with mose indifferent Christiana (ehooret-as lief Dr. L) bad had to do tn hi« timo, and wbo had fuuaht bis way nt alt haznrds proolsoly in tho «am» attic. (Ap. plouso) Nay, oven tho apoatla St John, tho dlaolplo whom Jesu« loved, even ho was not allowed to exorcise his ministry In nenoo by tho olorloal brolhron ho had around him ni the limo, and lia was obliged In ono or two or bia epistles tn murk 'he men who woro prating against bim with mallabula ivor's, to o mt him ontof thoohuroh. muon In tho stylo ora certain synod prolonueil to donoso him (Dr. Lang), lt wa« evident thoruroro Hint the apostles ortho primitivo church won vory dlfforont from wlmt waa oommonly snpposod-that human naluro then wa« proolioly :tha «Hmo aa lo day. Willi thoso preliminary remark«, ho would now «tato one or two olroum»t«noe« rolntlvn to Ibo raia willoh renitlrod him lo prooesd for a timo lo Europa, and In doing eo.ho would takolhollhortvorrosdingn shirt quotation from tue pro ooodlnooof Ibo Synod of Australia on tho :11st Ootobor, Inno. In a report puhlUhod In tho dally rapers of this meeting, ll was olsund under tho gulsn of annual repnrtni the presbytery ortho 8y. nod " To counteract thaorronaotis roprosrntati iiis willoh woro ro. pcatodly puhllahed rospoollng tho proceeding* nf thle Presbytery. «nd tho Synod or Australln.in roforonco lu lite conduct or Dr. Jbati Dtinmoro Lang, Ihn Presbytery appointed, In January last, n cotnmiltce to prepnre and publish . An AiiUintilla 8t»tnment or- tho facts and circumstances of tho deposition or Dr. John Dunmora Lnng:' and that publication boa, wo bollero, boen highly beneficial to the oauso or truth and righteousness lt hns miido known to many tho rsots amt otrouinstanoos of Mint oas«, and furnished Information willoh wno ri-qulrml not only for tho benoni or tho publlo, but also for tho BntlsfuoUon of many mun bora of our Church." Most pooplo, In randing lt, would aasent to every word of lt ; but mark the ro.il olreumstanoo« of the onso. There had boon a trial going on for yonrs past on tho «tibjoot of tho proporty of that churoh ; ovldonoa had been tukon on twolvo «ucaeaslvo day» boforo tho Mooter In Equity. Tho oaso had boon reform! to a ittdgo to edi ii .I I cato on in the first Instance, although bo mtbsrqusnlly ap pcnled to th« full oourt. Now lt was. as most or thom woro «warn, a principio understood in mattora of law and justice hotween' man and man, that If any disputed cato went boforo aoourt.ood had sworn ovldenao deduced on both «Idos I n regard to It, lt was dis- creditable and disgraceful for either of tho portius to publlab an rx pane etatomont of tho oaso, nndtoindiico tho publia to bellova lt wa« a truthful slalomant. fApplauoo.) Aa «ooo a« ho saw |that authonilc étalement af faute and olreumstanoo (laiightor); for thoy did not aond him In. a copy, hutaome kind rrlond placed ono on his table, ho dotorminad ho would not road it-It'was. In hlaoplnl m.aodUgraoorul lo tako ?uoh moons to prejudioo tho publlo In tho oaso ¡ bul ho could not help ovorhearlng a llttlo of lt. tn that ho rocogniaod gro>« mlstakoe and gsoss misrepresentations. lhoy ml «ht from that infer tho degroo of justice tUsl thoa« mon. who bad boon prosecuting thom so long nnd so unnooasssrlly, wore disposed to mote out to their brethren. Ho wiiuldjnst give thom another opeolmen of tho synods' proceedings, bo. oausolt wo« his intention to bring this osso before tua aenernl Assambly of tho Established Church, and tho people of'Scotland generally, to show thom what eort of mon we had hore to misre- present tho rollglons InslltullonB of their fatherland, (olmors.). and to bring them in obloquy and oontompt. In the year ISM, six yonrs ago, a vacancy had taken plaoo in tho aooond Preeby. terian Churoh in this olly, oommonly oallad 8t. Andrew a.lhrongh tlmdoath of llie former pastor, tho fats Dr. M'Chirvlo. He would just road to them from tho .Empire or Juno, ISM,a atstementofwhat took plaoo on that parllott'ar occasion :-" A vaoaaoy having oo. ourrod during tho past year In tho ministry or-St. Andrew s Preihytorian Churoh, in tho olly or Sydnoy, through the death of Ibo lato Rev. Br. M'Oaivio, nn oloollon wus at length appolntod. in tho month of Maroh or April laat, after a. groat deal of olorloal manoovvrlng to put lt oft* fron, weok to work »nd from month to month. Tho two candidates on.tho oooa olon wore tho- HoV. Bobort Doa«,. A.B.. and tho Bov. John Dougall, both regularly ordained.minlaton of- Ibo. Churoh of Scotland ; and tho pill wa« to bo open on tho day ap- pointed from twolvo at noon till olght In th« evoalng. Tho ro etilt of tho polling wa« « majority of A7 for Mr. Boagj. tho volo hoing, for Mr. Boag Ul, and for. Mr. Dougall 34\. But to tho -utter astonlahmont or all oonoornodj the Pro«. byterv ot Sydney, constating of Ibo ROT, Dp. Fullerton, or aydnay, Bo». J. Coutts, of Parramatta, anti tho Bov. George Maoflo, of Pitt Town, nt tbolr.moatlng on tho rollowlng day, picked out a »nm olnnl number- ot namoi from n roqulaltlon or oall to the teer. Mr. Dougall, wbloh had boon got up., la tho moat qiieitlonahlo-tho moat suspicious-manner, to enable, them to transfert» the minority of that, gentleman .Into* majority, and forthwith declared and Indaotnd him. tho Minister of ibo Ohuroh. ' Now, a« tho whole publie ot thia colony aro con oernod In. maintaining tho ftoodom and-purity or olootlon.in every body.whothor olvll or eaoloslaellaal. In witton th ot modo or appointment obtains, I havo no hosltatlsn In publicly oharaotor ¡»lng this proceeding ns In tho highest dograo nnjust and Inlquitr as, scandalous and disgraoorul. Tho aggrieved purtles appealod to tho Synod of Australia, tho supreme ooolailaatlaal Indianian of their body, wbloh mot on tho «3rd or April ! hut thoy mot with no radross,tho award .of the Inferior, oourl being simply confirmed.1 Now, without enquiring ellhorlnto tho ab- ject ar tho motivos of tho partloa engagod In thli.afflur, lt ls snr. Heleno to stato that Mr. Bosgwaatho victim or'this peculiarly scandalous and dlsgreooful prooeodlng,'aa lt was vory properly characterised at tho timo hy tho writor In Ilia Xiaptrr. ' Th»t .proceeding,'tho same writer aontlnoa,' waa utterly Indefensible, ind ll wore an outrage upon tba common, sousa of mankind Uo.aliompt Its tiolunco. Tho mon .who could bo gullly oration, » llhiirratit ttotoflnju-tloo and oppression, whothor as principals lilka Ibo throomombore of tho Sydnny Presbytery, at aa aooos. earles «flor Ibo fact. Hue tho approving moroboro or tho Synod, ought lo bo unrrookod, ovary ono or them, as utterly unworthy tp 1 hold ofDoo In any aeotloti or tho Presbyterian Ohnroh-rt Churoh wbloh-1 bavo no hasltatlon In caving, thoy haw boon labouring wllh all their small ability for many yoara past to bring Into abaalulo oontompt " To explain that matte« moro fully to many nrniont, ns lt was proper todo In. Iboso- oleoltan exoltoinont tiraos, ho would atato that tho Prosbytory hsd no other powere in reforonoo to th« election of a. minlstor or any other church olTlour, th«n tho. returulngolTloer on tho hustings bsd to Influonoo tho olooilqn, and thoy know very woll if any of those gentlemen wilora tho Government had ontnistod wllh thia very rsaponalklo poet wore to not as did those throo Reverenda Fullerton, Coulta, »nd MM flo, under any protoxt whsAovor. thoy would soon find tbonjaolveo at Cockatoo Island-. (ohoora)-and tho wholsor tho country would approvo of lt, and say lt woo lliolr dm». But booause, forsooth, tho Synod oj Australia was a rogularly oonnkuiod ohttrob, with an net of Parliament In lt« favour-ono of the grootost oalamltloa that ovor boro! tho Presbyterian Chnroh-on aot of willoh thoy had as muoh nood as a second sun and moon, and willoh Would n«vor havo paosodbad bo boon In.theoountry. Ila sa d benalta* that was dona hy mon who.protended to not under tho aanollon or religion, lt wa« unnoticed In tholr community-they, a« V.;»by larlan«. formlngnnly botwoon ono In Dino and ono lu ton or tho whol« aominunliy. Bu» thoro wa« nothing lu tho wbolo oooloalastloal history of Scotland of tho Proahytorlan Churoh that roaomraondod lt»o'r moro strongly to the common sonso end tba kindly Christian feeling: oi-thoeo who wera oonvnroant with th» euhjoot. than tho anally and nulfonn jnattco of tho Proahytorlan Ohuroh ot homo. whothor,ln proaood ing against ministers, or Battling dlfforonoos botwoen ootigroga. tiona ! ami bo was porfeolly oonfldont that no Inolanoo ocmldho shown. In.tho hlatory of tb» ProsbytorUn Churob.,for tho last 301) voars. öfhwiy suoh case as the one ho had jual motitlonod. It wp«, hnoanso bo had dona a little In hi« tlrao to oxposa snell aol» a* this, both In Churoh and Stato-beaauso ho had dono a« an hon sat man In his situation ahould do at all natani*, ll wa» bocauao ho had dona this In lil« humble wey, that tilosa papplo opposed bim, «nd would almost sell themselves to a oottaln por, «on who should bo nameless (laughtor), If thoy could not other wiso accomplish their purpose Ho nrmly bollovoil that moot of Uiom would willingly anrrondor any obanoo they havo or a bettor ¡world, ir they could only get rid ot him. (Applaiwp.) Bnt aa 'tho npoatle Paul, tho groat Presbyterian mlnlstorofoldon timo, líidlrday. (Chaors.) Now he oonfoaaotl, aa ho had already statod, that the daalalon of the Privy Council In tb» oas», whloh of oourao hs would enilnavout to havo deoldod in tho right way, by toking moan« to aooompllsh tba object, employing »bl« mon anti ulvlug thom the requisita Information botero hand. Ho had no lioaltallan tn saving, that although ho should do all In his power to promota the sottlomcnt or tba chttroh quoallon, ho rogardad that part or bia mission a« «cenndary to what ha wa« confident would ba tho ro»ttlt of lils appeal tn tho Prc»bjlorlan Churoh of all douotnlua tlona or tho Proahytorlan pooplo or Scotland. Ho would allow thom tho prnoMoo» or yoara paat, whloh woro ruining their ouiiaa In tbla great aotitborn laud. That aiillionllo »tatemont ho had montionodw«« published under tho «uporlndemlotia» or ino Synod for tho purposo of throwing dual in tho »yo« or the pom munlty. In order to oorroot acme of liioso ml«ropre«oni«tion« ho would glvo a fort axtraota or tho evldonoo that wa» actually talton uororo tho Mailor., In Kqalty. Ibo rollowlng woro talton from Dr. Kullerten a evidence! I «m » minister or the Scots Churoh, Pltt strool South. I waa a momh«roflh«Hf««byteryof8ydaeylulRIU. A roll I» kept ooo mining tho nama« of ibo membora or th» Presbytery. Dr. Lang W«B present e* »h» mooting or tho Preab)tory of Bydnoy a* a member tbeieof on the Alb January. 184». . . Uad Dr. Mpg vaoalad his oflloo or Presbytsr, wbloh, you «ay, hoi Jjld, In January, IBIS, prior to, tbs ind or August, IM«? Dr. Lang ¿»nt lñ hi» raalgnatlon, wbloh thy, >ro»bjlory refu«»d to »ooapt. Ho had not then Vqon 4«Poa«d Py Mr. Cary ; Do you know whsthsr a libel «as. adoptad by the raaiiytery agalnat Dr. Langt A libel, waa proaimted by tho moderator and clerk (who bad baan lri«,truo.tod in Dionttra ft at a /of in or rno'tlno), willoh libel WM oonaldererf irrlallm on (ba lit of July by tbs Presbytery, amended, aud lluatly odoplod, Wita wa» dono on th« adoption, of tho libel r . The I'roabylory In atfuotod ma aa moderator lo precio a oorront oopy of ibo llb«', and aorta lt on Or. Long. . . . .Tho olUlloa waa on tho loth July,«nd tba roiurnon ihe Sad August. Or. tang was than thrao tlmoa called ot the door of tho Church, abd ou bia fulling to appear, the Freabytary instructed the moderator to summon bim to appear brftro the Prosbytory at the next meeting In St. Anirew'a Church. Examination resumed, aird December, 1847: I produce tho ruoordi ortho prucndlngs of tho Presbytery or Stdnoy In tho çnao orp'r. Lang. Tho first «oilon iu Dr. Lang's cass oecurrrd ?» I';0 Proabytory, on tho lat or March, 1817, when a loller Iron» Dr. Lang wa« road, in which ba doolarod hie intention of sepa- rating from tho Synod or Amuralla, und expreecrd hi« determine;, lion to hold Ibu On uro h property. Whereupon) Ihn Presbytery 1 «npalnted a oommlitoo, consisting of the Ital1'. John Tait, Thoma« Harker, Esq., and Dr. Hill, lo confer with Dr Lang, raapactlng bia propoaal to «aparato blmaalf from' tho Btnod, and UIBO reapooiing various- «looks upon tho «haraoter or various memaora of Ibo Court which had hoon pulillabod by !.,,.m. .J*.0 !'£*î .*?- of tbB Presbytery waa to libel' Dr. Lmg. Ibo llitol (Exhibit CO) waa drawn up nooordiim to Ibo atyle», iinivagreod lo, and waa ordorod to be aervad nu Dr. Lang' . . I ha citation waa roturnable on tho and August, IHIir Onthe Sod of August, Dr. Lang wa» callad threo limos, and not having ip. pearouT, Ibo Prosbytory dlreolad hlm-to bo oiled «gain. . . The next meeting was on tho 2ürl or August, WW. Ott that oooaalon. Dr. Lung wa« again asllod thrau lime«, but did liol appaan and Ibo l'reebytury dirootod bim lo ho oked a third limo. . . Tba' next mooting was hold In St Andrew's Cbttroh, on -Ith October; WI*, when Dr. Lang was again aallcoVihreo limos, ar tl having faiiod lo appear,//ic 1'rnhyltrujountt kim iiuillu bu roii/WiVm. I' was proaonliit Uio Several inna.Inga of tho l'rc»bytery mentioned .nu m* OTItlfnoa. Examination roauinod, 3rd February 18*8. rhoro waa nothing donn in th» Preibytory with rofarono" to Dr. Ung «flor -Ith O.itubor, mit. Tho eaao waa rop.trtod by mysolf os Mbdorator to Ibo Synod, Torbalty, and nt Ibo samo timo" tho minuma of tho proceedings of tbs Presbytery woro pro duood to tho Synod, lt waa thon roeolvod tty Ibo Synod to pro- ceed to ooii.toio Ute aaao, ami the Moderator wa« inatrnotod to «amnion Dr. Lang, that tho case might bo tried next day. Cros'-oxauilnMl by Mr Uarker : Whon wes tho proooodlng fl rat Instituied against Dr.- Laug» In 181«, Was any complaint made to the Pro«bytoty bv any poison against Err lang- I can't say poslliroly ¡ but I think Ibero was not. My impres- sion ls, that tho Presbytery proooedod with- out oomplalnt. I am now quite oloar tbnt lt woe so. Who wore tho ministers of tho Presbytery of-'Svdney who woro prosentat tho mooting of IVosbytory whon Dr. tang's oas"» was first taken up f Hie miniatura prosout were tho Kev. Jahn Tait and myself. Who was thou modorator of thc Presbytery r Mr. Tait. Who wus tho thou dork of tho Prrebyiory? lt was I. Thon thora «oro ou y two mininera prosent at this mooting or Presbytery. That is a 1. I think you Ii ava said that it was at this mealing that Dr. Lang's resignation waa' tendered ? yes. What waa dona with rebronco to the letter of resignation t A oommlttoe wa» oppninlod to confer with Dr. Laug rolutra tn it Does not tho lawo« tho C'hnroh re- quire that before the Preabytory can either ucaopt ur disallow the resignation of a minister thoy should first oka ihn congrega- tion ? Ih ordinary oases it does reqtilro il« Waa Unit oourao pursued in Dr. Lang's osie 7 No. Who wore tho- sevei al minis- ters oom posing tho Prosliyiory at this time ? Dr. M'Oarvio, Mr. Tall, Mr. Purvoo.Dr. Lang, and myself. Was anything done at this first meeting boshloa appointing a otini'« Ilten to oonfor with Dr. Lsngr Nothing morn. Who »ero- tho minister preeont at tho «oat mooting of Presbytery ? Tho «amo miniatura. Mr. Tait and myself. Waa Dr. Lang's aaso talion, up ut tito second moating? Mr. Tait, as olialrmnn of tho com- mittee, reported that Dr Lang deollnod tn receive thom.' What wn» dono »flor that at that mooting? Tho nin.larolnr waa in. struct to summon Dr. Lsng to «npoarat tho naxt mooting of l'rosbytory on> tim drat Tuesday of April noxl.to auswar for lila conduct In making ohnrges against hi* broihren,T»nd for follow. lng divisive onureeo Hy whom, and in what tnannur was thia mattor hmiigHt bo oro tho l'rosbytory ? I hnvo no recolloctlon. There wore only two ministers presont at Uti» mooting nf Pres- bytery It was an adjourned mooting of Pieshytory, hold on tho following day after tho eommlltoo wero appointed. I« lt not the regular course for ono nf tho ralnloters lo .nul no j tba Conrtln'bringing any mnttor under tholr noJoof* Th oro aro various way« of bringing« mutter under tho notice of titi) fleshy, lory-by politlón, im-morlsl. lea. I havo no rooolleotlon or tho ntuttor, but If Ibo modnratur did not do lt, lt waa my duty, a« th» oloi k, to do Itt Hnvo you my doubt that ll was ono of thain ? V have no rooollooil.ut mi tho eulijnot farther than ls contained tn the minute«. Wu« thora any oonoo given to Dr. Lang of the ' reso'ntlon lo libel him before Ibu Issuing or tho Dilation ? Nono. WaoDr.YTGaryio proBcm nuho meeting ofProsbylorynt whloh tbe> resolution to libel Dr. Long was passed? No, bl» nnmo does not appear on the minnies. Do Ilia ministers «lain tho Funicular ntTuuoo for.whtoh Dr. Lsng wa« to bo llbollod?? Ho was Btim moned toanseror for him ooiuluolln making charges «gelost bl» brethren, and for following divisive conreos. Wa» anything moro dono at tlils-m»atlng of Prasbylnry with reforenoo to Ihn prooood Ings against Dr. Lang ? No. When wa» tho next montlng of tho Presbytery bold ? (llb April. IMS, In St. Andrew's Ohitroli. Who wore tho ministers prissent at that moating? -'i he Hov. John Tait, myself, «nd Mr Atohlson What was Ibo flwifc Hiing dono nt this meeting respecting Dr. Ling? The moderator, Mr. Tall, reported ' that Dr. Lang bsd been - summoned to appear till« day. What next? Il wa« moved hy. Air. /Mollison, and socondnd by Mr. D. J huston, that tho whola-or Dr Lang'a «uppo«od.delinquencies slnao January last be.referred nlmpllei ter to tho tlynod of Australia lo moat in Sydnoy In Qsjtibor next.' >lt was moved hy myself as sn amendment, and ssooudiid hy Dr. lilli, thal Ute case or Dr. Lang ho reroriod to tho. commission of Synod. The Amendment was carried. Who w«ro thc niinlitors who voted for the nuionilmont? I think Mr. Tait and tuvaolf , ,woro tho only mlnlstara. Tho amendment ' was oarrlod by the oastlng volo of ?' the- moderator. Thorn worn no olhar ministers prosont bul Mr. AKh'enn, who voted on the ntber «Ide. Thar« wa« nothti'n fur- ther done at thc mealing. What wre the flrstslop telen with ro reranoe-to tho libel? It was road and ounalderrd:o>nu-o hy uhiiiBO, and'agreed to, there boing nt dlssonlinnts- Who wera ibo >' minister« present «I Hint mooting, tho lilli July. IBU? . Mr. Talland mysolf. What dlronllmiR trero given than t That tho libel should ba servod on Dr. Lang, with a citation and list of witnesses, Dr. Lang was to appear on tho 2nd August. On illa 'Jnd August tho Presbytery mot «gain. Tba. ministers prcaont as members of tho l'rosbytory woro the Rqv. Mr. Tait-, mtsslf, «nd Dr. MoOarvlo. What wa« . dono. at. thia . - mamt Ing.?- Tho Presbytery nlTieer retusnois a oortl. nonio or nxooutlon properly ntto-lou...un. Dono; not tmving uppoared ho WM oa'lod tbroo times and tho. Prcshytory dlrootoil him to ho cited to appnarat noxt masting, which, was ta bo hold on tho Surd August. Do tho minutes nhaw.whathor tlfiro «oro any diaaontlonts on that occasion r . No ; thora woie no ills, sonitonta. At tho meeting of Ibo ¡»3rd August lie tras dlrnolod to ha served with a peremptory summons to np pour on tho first Tnosday In Otttobor. What waa donn nt thia mooting In October? 11.0 did not oppour, and the l'rosbytory .bold.him guilty by oon foaslon, and resolved to report thia .to tba Synod of Australia, whloh was to moot next day. Who worn thomlnletors of tho Presbytery pressnt whon ho was found gullly hy confession T rho only mlnlfters worn Mr. Tait and myself. Mr. Tait, then, wo« ilia only minister oí the. Church or Sootland who was then, prosonl? Yea." Thoso unroots woro Iram tho aworn evdenco before Ilia .Mader In Equity ; they wera no garbled alabsmeata. Uko UIOBI brought forward hy the Hynod, and lt waa lils.oonuVloot opinion tliat when thoso disgraceful proceedings wore rnportad hy tho press in Scotland they would o nolle a fooling 0f. tim deepest Indlgmv tlon and disgust In ovory soollon of. tho. Presbytérien Churoh in their father land. Tho decision of tho Svnod of tho Churoh of Sootland would cauto tlinae men to.shrink Intra their netivo inalgnifloanoe. Ito then explained that ho should novor liavo askod tho eulTrages or his. follow-citiieos.; hut whon ho Baw a linly cabing thomaolvesl!ip_Synod, and. acting under an not nf Paillamant. and . chasing lo. act. In. this way, he fait Ihst. ho hid souroo or appeal; anti when tho dlstrlot af Port Phillip asked. him tn hosnmo onoorthoir alx representativos, he did sn. and Immediately after thoso monströs« proaeodlngs.had tn svaairod. Ha wis sub. sequenlly sent le grass hy tho authors nf tim Cnnilitullnn Aol, who did bot Ilk« 6» have houoit main. In. Ihn cum try, any moro than tba Synod nf Auatialja. With that oxoopilon, up to the présent time, ha. lirai hean a ninmlior ot their Lnglaltture Dr. bang, then alhldud tn tho ex- ponaos of tho appnal. Tho Synod hnd> sent around Instiu liions to thnlr clorgvmon to givn their version of (his church qtiaslion tn tbolr oongrogatlnns, and ralso-what money thoy ooul i towards paying expenses., lila solicitor told hin» that lila axpnnsns wotitil amount lo from ,£¿00 tn £M0 lo praseotitn the anneal. llo.pm posod to niant that In thia way. Ho Inlendod lo givn Hull number or ooplsa of Ilia history oft' Now. South Wales to bo. sold to those who . might ohoao to purohaao thom, tho whole of tho pronneda to. go lo the appeal. Ho profnrrod that method to «ending round the hat Uko Hie Synod nf-Australia,, who wera, moro acquainted with tho beg- garly piemonte ol the world them ho was. Thoy ssw.that ho wa« going homn. wlth eonndonoa nf rtioanss, at tho same Hmo «vant homo with Intention to.diffusa Information elmul this ootony, and eaprolally about tho-prent triumph just attained by ita groat dotnncrnoy. Ills bosl willum wcro with t'.oa», mid lu thought,,ho would ever waiah.auor thom, so long ao Jio should bo epored, oven tr not pormlttod to return to this oolony onao maro. (Q rent applause.) Tho .Itov. Mr.. Cil^pQKn, off Pitt Town, sahl thoyjlvoil In nil eventful nerlod. both In .tho ww* nf tho Churoh nod the war or tho sword. Ho liadtntnndad.had. time permitted, to have referred to tho grrát nndilong.struitgJo.or Dr. l.nng both for religious emt political lihortv. In that ordninus struggle Dr. Langhid oxhl bltod a »aal, whloh waa the nviro a lmlrabla whan ihoy colisldorod ,tho aimait, uiipariillatod cramacnllon to whlab ho hud benn aub. Jqotad. Dr. Lang.waalo. advanon of his aga, and. Ilka all groat reformara, roust, nxpooi t/i moot with «Long opposition from many narrow minda. Apart fruin tho zeal, willa» wns moro ho oomlug tHo demon khan tho man, what oou'd' they think nf tho rollginn of lbs. mon who had paralatad In thia persecution-what Christian virtuos had', thav shown r Ages would pa»«.away,, but thorocorits of tho ojroor nf Dr. l.sng would never pan« nwaytrnin till'earth. Tho tríala or Ur. Lang had been many, auiliho hollevodnnw Ihn question lind ooma tn a deolslva Issup. I hah Ur. Lang nasd not go ruupd begging for tho noacassr« means tu maintain that Issue. Tho Choir :. IMlolttJab. Tho Hey Mp Tlin\>,itv bad tn deliver a moasnge for tba Hov. Mr. Voller, who hail linos obliged lo losvo tn llte.ooiiraouf tlioovonlng. Mr Vollor said.tho maro tin knew nf Dr. Liing,thngraatarwao lila eataom rar him., sod altlmuph that goiittemun did not say ao, bo (Mr. !lld|oy> nouhl not linlp observing tba suppressed Indigna- tion with willoh kn had llntsnod to Ilia details of tho ptaoamling* of tho Synod af Australia hrottuht out hy Dr Lang Ho had only to and. that bia (Ste. Itldley'»> estonia for thal honoured, mau, Dr..Lang, waa constantly Inoraaalug tho moro Ito know him Tim Ttov. Mr. IliDLitv thon oncsgadiln, prayor. Tba. oiSQlng hymn was sung, and tho proooadlngs frrmls Dated. 