MACGOWAN'S LYCEUM. The lengthy programme put forth by the Management for Saturday night had the effect of attracting a numerous audience to the Theatre on that evening. No feature of note, however, distinguished the performances— which were altogether satisfctory,— beyond the debut of Miss Kate Griffiths in that very amusing farce, " The Rendezvous ," who met with a most enthu- siastic reception from the audience. This young lady, who is possessed of no inconsiderable per- sonal attractions, appeared to labour under a cer- tain amount of nervousness, — the natural result of a first appearance, and of the very warm wel- come accorded her by the Bathurst- onians,— which at first somewhat im- peded her efforts ; this, . however, speedily wore off, and she soon gave evidence of that pleasing vivacity of manner and intelligence which seem inherent characteristics of her family. We have no doubt that Miss Griffiths will form a most useful accessory to the Company. On Monday the ' Lady of Lyons" was repeated, the part of Beauseant being again taken by the gentleman amateur who made so favourable an impression, on Thursday evening in the same part. The part of General Damas was taken by Mr. Lawrence, in lieu of Mr. Macgowan, (who was making a flying visit to Sofala), and this substitution appeared to be rather distasteful to a portion of the audience, one of whom, we regret to say, forgot himself so far as to throw a rotten egg upon the stage. The performances were immediately suspended, and Mr. Coleman came forward, and stated that unless the per- petrator of this outrage left the Theatre immediately, either voluntarily or other- wise, the play must be concluded. We need hardly say that this requirement was immediately complied with, and it is but fair to state that the audience showed the most evident disgust at the insult which had been offered both to the Company and to themselves by this disgraceful proceeding The perfor- mances went on uninterruptedly until the close of the evening. Mr. Coleman and Miss Grey were very effective in their respective parts. in fact the lady appeared to be so impressed with the poetic bounty of the role entrusted to her, that, probably under the impression that the audience could not have too much of a good thing, she repeated a speech of some length which occurs at the end of the 4th Act. With the exception of this redundancy, however, the ren- dering of these parts was very satisfactory, though perhaps, hardly so painstaking as on the previous occasion. Had that much abused aspi- rate, the letter H, " gone to roost," like the Arabs mentioned by General Damas, during the per- formance of the part of M. Benuseant, or is it attributable to our ignorance of the idiosyncrasy of a French exquisite that we imagined that the impersonation was so defective in this respect ? We mention this, because the otherwise excellent performance of the part was, to our conception, marred altogether by this defect. In concluding our notice, we are happy to be able to speak in favourable terms of Mr. Williams' Mons. Deschapelles, which gave good promise of future excellence. " The Rendezvous" followed, and was given with the greatest gusto by the Company, in which the audience participated largely. To- night three capital farces will be performed, and to-morrow (Thursday) has been chosen for Mrs. Macgowan's benefit, when, doubtless, we shall see a bumper house. The decided position which this lady has established for herself, and most deservedly, in the good graces of the Bathurst public will, we trust. stand her in good stead on this occasion, and afford her a substantial proof of the estima- tion in which she is held by them. The pro- gramme includes Buckstone's beautiful play in 3 acts of " The Flowers of the Forest," a new " Terpsichorean Disertisement " by Mrs. Mac- gowan, and the capital afterpiece " Hunting a Turtle," in which she will sustain four different characters. THE DISTRICT REGISTRAR.— Mr. Henry Price has been appointed registrar of births, marriages, and deaths for the district of Bathurst, during the absence of Mr. James Beuzeville, on leave. THE NEXT MAIL,. — The P. and O. Company's Steamship, " Columbian" will be despatched with Her Majesty's Mails for Europe on Satur- day next the 14th inst. NEW POST OFFICE. — A notice in the Govern- ment Gazette announces that on and after the 1st inst., a Post-office would be re-established at Cannonbar, beyond Drungabee, on the Western Road. THE WEATHER. — During the greater part of the last week the weather has been extremely sultry and oppressive ; on Sunday morning, however, a change took place, the heavens assumed a very threatening appearance, and a fall of rain set in, with but slight intermission, during the whole day. About 8 o'clock in the evening, when the various places of worship were thronged with their respective congrega- tions, a violent, thunderstorm took place, accompanied with drenching rain, which lasted at least half-an-hour. The flashes of lightning were very vivid, and the reverberations of thunder seemed to shake every building in the town. The storm gradually subsided, and about midnight had entirely ceased. We have not heard that any serious mischief has been done by the electric fluid, but we have been informed that it struck a small house, at present occupied by Mr. Drewett, situated at the west end of William- street. It would appear that the lightning first struck the top of the chimney, displacing some of the bricks, it then proceeded about half-way down the chimney, and forced its way through the wall, probably attracted by a watch and chain hanging on the mantlepiece, which were torn down and much injured. It then appears to have been attracted by an American clock, standing on a shelf in a corner of the room, which it damaged considerably, and then pro- ceeded down the wall, tearing the skirting-board, and finally made its escape through the flooring, into the ground. Strange to say, although there were eight persons seated at the time at a table immediately opposite to the fireplace, none of them received any injury ; one female was thrown from her seat to the floor, but beyond the fright, escaped altogether harmless. MR. LISCOMBE'S CASE. — In another column our readers will find a paragraph, headed "Strange Case," which will afford sincere gratifi- cation to very many of our readers, especially those located at Molong. Mr. Liscombe's prose- cution, about 12 months since, will be in the remembrance of most of our readers, and we are happy to learn that his moral innocence of the offence with which he was then charged, has now been clearly shown and even more than this, that instead of his being unable to account for cer- tain sums of money paid to him, and belonging, to the Government, that the Government is actually, still indebted to him. We have no wish to exculpate Mr. Liscombe from the blame which may reasonably attach itself to him for having appropriated sums of money paid to him for land sales, in lieu of the arrears of his salary due to him from the Government, but we certainly do consider that there must be "something rotten in the state of Denmark," when an officer's salary is allowed to remain three or four months in arrear, thus subjecting him to very considera- ble inconvenience, and moreover exposing him to grievous temptation. At the time of Mr. Lis- combe's prosecution we were of opinion that the fact that he had written to the Government, sta- ting plainly the features of the case, spoke volumes in his favour, and now we would ask, what compensition (if indeed any adequate com- pensation can be made in such circumstances,) does the Government propose to make to Mr. Liscombe for the injury done to his liberty and fair fame, an injury attributable, be it remember- ed, to the neglect of their own servants ? THE NEW YEAR'S BALL. — We have been re- quested to state that the Committee for this Ball sit daily for the purpose of receiving applica- tions for tickets, the number of which is limited to 150. Early application is therefore, necessary, and should be made through the Honorary Secretary, F. J. Naylor, Eaq. We understand that the preparations are going on with great activity, and that every effort is being made to carry out all the auticip tions which have been formed of this fete. APPOINTMENT. — The Governor-General has appointed Edward Christopher Merewether, Esq. to be his Excellency's Private Secretary. CAUTION TO SMALL BOYS. — We are informed that, on the evening of New Year's Day, a rob- bery was committed on the premises, of W. T. Cape Esq., of the Glenmore Rood, near Sydney, attended by circumstances of peculiar heartless- ness and atrocity. It appears that on the even- ing in question " one ham, four small tarts and. part of an apple-pie" were abstracted from the larder of that gentleman's well-known scholastic establishment at Paddington, and, strange to say, have never yet made their re-appearance. The particulars of this terrific loss, we are told, have been duly chronicled in the Hue and Cry, and varied reports are afloat relative to the pro- bablo perpetators of the outrage. The general opinion, however, inclines to the belief that the true solution of the mystery may be found in the fact that an unfortunite pupil, like the Ghost in Hamlet, " for the day confined to fast,"' had appropriated to himself these tempting super- fluities of the day's festivities. The Record of Crime alluded to above, with a modesty which is above all praise, estimates the value of the delicacies abstracted at " about twenty shillings, " but we are inclined to think that the National and Denominational Boards, to whom the matter has been submitted, and who, for this occasion only, (in consideration of Mr. Cape's distin- guished services in the cause of education,) will sit in conjunction, assisted by the Chief Justice and the Chief Commissioner of Police, will be inclined to arrive at a far different assessment of the injury sustained by the worthy pedagogue. MORE GOLD.— We have to chronicle the interesting fact that the largest amount of gold ever yet transmitted from Bathurst, left this place for Sydney yesterday evening, no less than one thousand and seventy-four ounces of the precious ore having been registered for transmis- sion by the Gold Receiver, from Bathurst alone, irrespective of the amounts from the Turon, &c.;, &c.; We observe that in the Returns' of the various escorts published every week, the authorities at the Mint now specify the fact that the escort from the Western District arrives weekly, while those from the Southern and Northern Districts are delivered fortnightly. The omission of this statement on previous occa- sions has, we are aware, given rise to the erroneous impression that these latter Gold Fields were far more productive than the Western Diggings, and this has caused, more than once, a large migration from Louisa Creek and other localities by parties, who were thus induced to believe that their labours would prove far more remunerative on the Southern Gold Fields and elsewhere. VICTORIA v. NEW SOUTH WALES.s. — The fol- lowing are the names of gentlemen chosen by the respective colonies of Victoria and New South Wales to take a part in the pending match, which comes off on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th February. — Victoria.— Messrs. Wills, Elliott, Bryant, Bruce, Marshall, Wray, Huddlestone, Jacomb, Morres, Burchett, and Hammersley ; 12th man, Mr. Butterworth) umpire, Mr. Cameron ; scorer, Mr. Hinwell. New South Wales.— Messrs Adams, Dickson, Gilbert, Hil- liard, Kinlock, G. Lewis, R. Murray. Richardson (of Bathurst), Samuels, and J and N. Thomp- son. The 12th, or emergency man, has not yet been chosen. Captain Ward and Beeston, the Iatter being now a resident of Newcastle, were selected in the eleven originally picked, but have both declined to play. ENGLAND v. AUSTRALIA. — We take the fol- lowing from Bell's Life in Victoria of the 24th ultimo :— " By the last mail the Secretary of the M.C.C, received a communication from England to tho effect that the All England eleven would pay a visit to Australia, for the purpose of taking the measure of the Australian cricketers, if the latter would guarantee to the eleven a certain pecuniary consideration. In consequence of this offer, Messrs. Spiers and Pond, of the Cafe de Paris, have sent word to George Parr, telling him that they will guarantee all expenses of the journey overland here and back, and remunerate the players, should they make up their mind to pay these colonies a visit. We need hardly say how great would be the inte- rest in a match between the picked eleven of Eng- land and say twenty-two of Victoria, and we can easily believe that any enterprising agents could make a few such matches cover all ex- penses." 