piftings fans FRANKLIN. The Polar c'ouds uplift— A moment and no morr— And through the snowy drift, We see tuem on the shore— A hand of gallant hearts. Well-ordered, calm, and brave; Braced for their closing parts— Their long march to the grave. Through the snow*&dazz;!ing blink. Into the dark they've g»ne. No pan e; the weaker sink. The strong can bat strive on. Till all the dreary way Is dotted with their dead; And the shy foxes play ' About each sleeping head. Unharmed the wild deer run, To graze along the strand; Nor dread the loaded gun. Beside each si eping hand. The remnant that survive Onwards like drunkards reel; Scarce wotting if alive. But for the pangs they feel. The river of their hope At length i?- drawing nigh— Their snow-blind way they grope, And reach its banks to die! Think God. brav3 Franklin's place Was empty in that band, He closed his well run race Not on the iron strand. Not under snow-clouds white, By cutting frost-wind driven, Did his true spirit fight Its shuddering way to Heaven. Bnt warm, aboard his ship, With comfort at his side, And hope upon his lip. The gallant Franklin died. His heart ne'er ached to see Hi< much-loved sailors ta'en; His sailors* pangs were free . From their loved captain's pain. But though in death apart, They are together now; Calm, each enduring heart— Brl ht,ea:h devoted brow! GIVING IitTERATTJBE A LIFT. * Wal, neow, Punch, old hoss, guess ash"Ow we air a puttia' the kibush on you Bridshera. Talk of your pro-gressitT and the marchin* of your intellect. Sue-akes and sugar-cand*. ! Why we wallop you by chalks as long as Mississippi. You've been braggin* pretty stiff about your spreal of education, and chaps like Dicky Bright and Cobden keep a-r;sin* up at meet ings and a-spoutin* heaps of froth about the good it does their eyes to see the common folks a read in7 at their Chancs* Institutions, insteid o* loafin" about liquor-ships as a ore they larnt to spell they did. IVal, I guess it's Uncle Sam as you've to thank for that, al though you air «o all fi-ed proud that yu're a h&med; to own it. Why neiw what's the reason as you finds your chaps a readm' and your clod-hoppers a roakin* mental progress as yoit say they does ? Ain't It jest because you have been and copied us, and h ve been settm* tip cheap papers toe en-lighten and instruct 'em? Yes, Sir-ree, that's the fact, and Cobden owns it, lew, and fizzle as you. please, you can't uoheow squirm out of it " But arter all, your penny peaypers aint haafe the raal grit They uo more come up to ours than a ant does to a alligator. You air so cussed squeamish, your wri era baave no chance of scrihblin' somethin* spicy And then you're alius fus-in* that what's printed should be true, and so the bhoys don't git room to spread the wings of their invention. 'Cept the prize fights in Ball's Life I x ever see no fancy writing in your jarnels. Neow, that'sjist wher^ we whip you, and slo^dollagize cre-ation. * !ur editors air alius on the squint for somezlun' stunuin', and so long as it be fizz'n', they don't ask if it be fact. In proof of this here 'scrtion, y< u jist read the busters they've been printing 'bout N«sgira, and liow that French bhoy. Blondin. has been throwin'—nt she hatchet but a rope & Falls, and a hangin7 by his h els. and eatin' across the 1 omelettes, feet uppard6t arter making 'em hissei with out a-goin' off the rope—beatin' up the eggs while he twiznled a back somersault, and smukin* a cigar the while he fried'em by its ash. Wal, haviu' done in veutin7 stch gymna^titricks as these, bust me if the editors aint up to other dodges, and a-gi in' out that Blondin is a literary critter, and a-engagin' him to write for 'em while he's a dancin' on the Falls. You jest give a squint at this paragraph, old hoss, and say if you doa't calc'late as the notion's kinder Slick " * It is reported that Mr. Bonner has offered Mr Blondin ten thousand dollars to conti ute a series of Niagara papers to the Ledger* each of them t> be written cm a tight-rope while the author is crossing the Falls/ 41 Thar nrow, I rayther guess as that's a smartish stroke o" bra n-work. And be-ides it's being a m ist fust chop speculation, it's sartiuly encoiiragiu* to wha 1 calls High Art. LifdQ* up a author to .spin yarns above Niagara is what you may term reglar givin* lit'rature a lift You Britishers may biag about your writers being critters of exalted reputation, and occu pying of a tall p>aition in society, but I kinder guess we've taken a rise above 'em' neow. Appie^quush and airthquake-1 1 calc'laie u's a fa-act For the matter of high standing, what's the bhoy in Grub-street as comes up to our bhoy Bloudin, and. talk of elevated genius, whar's the brains in Britain which air haafe so raised as his? lie tops your tip-op authors, and no mistake, Sir-ree. It's lite-ray .ur in txctlsis, bust me if it aint. " You may say the stuff heTI write won't be not rOihiu' to be proud of. Wal. perhaps it won't But what o* that, old 'coou ? I caJc'latc 'twill sel', and that's the pint we looks to. Wal, it ju-»t is. and arter all, old rattlesnake, which oi ycur crack authors are you game to back agin him? "Would Mister Tennyson write better were he stuck upon a tight-rope? that bhoy Led Maccaulay, the •eminent historian?' I'd jist like to so* him try bis baud at scribbling 'mong the sky larks ! Guess as h.ow His Eminence wou d soon be taken' deown apog, and let Bloodin bag tlie rowdy without tryin* toe com-pete with him. tiigh as is his standiu' in the lite airy world, be d soon fiud as Blon din's tight-rope were a cut or two above him. In faact, I kinder guess if any of your Briti hers aspired to takin* steps in so high a wdk of authorship, you'd be 'nitiGn apt toe cut it and come deowu hy the run. Wal, I alius -*m a patron of all high art games, I „0 — . many 'coons as you can find to come and tiy. Perhaps you'll print this challenge and eend me the peayper; and so believe me, my bhoy, " Xonr3 faithful and in aimest, neow, ''Qoliah Sakpsok Bisg," Th.„ .A SE5iSIBtE FELLOW. has given*" it n?r< *''? 'j e-d to CMre his wife'B temPer ment tvas not "^roiSi salt" 6XP8ri" The r-™.. v DESCENT, rope-walk for H. Bh'Lai£B'U*~beinB tumcd 1,140 * "BY THE OFFAIB ZURICH'S (A New Song to the old Tune 1 By the ma gin of fair z,lr!cVa ' The Commissions K- .",en* They found most agreeahle qMrte™7 c.illoredo, and'cute Bmrquenep ' But no busines transacted could iu> For Desambrois—that cool Pi^doioT.t To whatever Fr nee and Austria might saT Still out in a most resolute "Nay" ' In a " quite t'othi r" way. '. By the margin i f fair Zurich's waters, At i he close o a long wasted day (Ah we le-'rn from our s><eci»l reporters), Colloredo he^pakf Bou^quenev " This is hu - bug. you clearly must see Ii'apla nwe hill never agree * Don't you think we had better divide Can you tell how the Frenchman replied ? I leave you to gups;— Of course h • said44 Yes." PETER AND PAUL. 4t What power on earth, nave Home," frautically de mands a Rom-ui Catholic journal, °*can confer the glor ons title of Saint?" Most Roman Catholic journals are miserably ill* informed, which is of no p rticu's-r consequence to them, inasmuch as their admirers are usually a little deeper in the misery of igiioranc'• But it is »nforto nite for ill informe * persons to risk observations in *the presence of Mr. Punch He replies to the above demand— The BrHi«h P • ■ iiament And taking up the very first book at hand—it happens to be Cap ain Dod's inestimab e handbook to one's betters -M- Punch cites proof. (Page 483) •• St. Paul (2nd B \r net), Sir Horace St. Paul. Bom at, &C.;, &e.; The first Baronet, Sir Horace David Cholweil St. Paul w.»s a Colonel in the army. His grandfather assumed the prefix of daint by Act of ParUament in 1768.'* Now, then gentlemen of Over the Mountains. You see that a Parliament car, make quite <<s good a Sartft as.a Pope. And we doubt not that in the entries of that angelic registrar, whom the Reverend Laurence Sterne states to be in the habit of crying over his Tedeer. the title conferred by Lhe Harliamei.t of i763 is written out just as large as auy one whi-h has ever b en conferred by any Pope, from Alexander the Sixth t* Piimof Pe'ugia. You should Temember, that though you write for ignorant idiots, your writings may get intJ the hands of Mr. Punch, aud then you come to grief. Oraxt pro vobis ! NOT TO BE POUND IN BOSWEXL. 14Is it wrong, D'Kjtor, to believe in ghosts?" u No, Sir; no more wrong than believing in you. It may be foolish; but there being no substance or foundation for the h lief, th* folly. Sir. is quite immaterial." Mr. Punch's Unpublished An cdolcs of Doctor Johnson, A QUERY POR THE CALCULATING MACHINE. May the person who ma esone pouni two a day be said to double hi.- caoital ? JONAMIAVS RIDE TO PEKIN. Tuxz—" Y tike-i Doodle." Our nition always gvs ahead, By methods noways sneaking Hear how our Minister got led In tiium h int Pekiu : I calci ate that he warn't barred * By planks athwart a river; Too 'cute a coon was llr Ward, Who e story I'll deliver. Firstways he steamed to Ning-IIou-Foa Alon? wi<U his Legation, And there our vessel was brought to A posture of fixation. The Chinamen a box packed iu Our diplomatic corpus, Conduct-d by a Wand trio, A bio win'like a porpus. Thisb^x wa« made without a lid, But h;idu*t g )t no wiuder, Th tbreathin' ir rai-jht not forbid. But observ itiou hinder. With necessaries it was stored. Though sight it held ac cikon, Had food and liquor both aboard, And backy too, I reckon. Upon a raft 'twas *'Ot to go, Considerable pretty, AB up 'he Ki-Tcheou-Ynn-ho, To Chay y's fust-chop city. And liehc slick th ough the Great Canal, Our Min st-r to render XJnto the Chine-e e <pital, In d gnityand snlerdour. • At Pekln Gate upon a truck, Drawn by a team of oxen. Our citizens was proudly stuck. Still shut their grand state box in* Thus into Pekin town did drive (Such ho our seldom waits men \\) Our nati- n** representative. And all our oilier statesmen. The truck was wheeled into the Court Yard of a certain mansion, Whose walls cut all excursion short By space of rwer 'spansion. Our envoys there was kep select, To whittle their lei-ure. Some time a hearin* to expect, And waJt the Emperor's pi asure. Their mission ended, from their cage Politely Iibeiftted, Th* y were, in that same equipage They cjme In, re-Iuoited, And brought with care particular. To where they first intruded. Like blacks inside a nigger-car. As snug, and more ^eluded. I reckon that's the way to treat Our great and glorious nation, Aud offer humble pie to eat To them as fi gs creation! But we must ?-waller down our pride, When dollars we are seekin'. And be content, old hoss, to ride In a hoss-box up to Pekin. IRISH all over! An Irish paper, describing the talking fi-h, says,*1 it is quite a rara a vis,1' This bull, however, comes in most happily, as it presents us with a combination that occurs but raely, of fish, flesh, and fowl. ROOT-MENDING. Here's Europe in pother, and bustle, and bother. Kings and Kaisers at c -nc'ave and council aud plot Each crowned Roys Brother distrusting tlit-other. And insular England distrusting the lot. 'While cause or the riot, herself calm and quiet, Italia, at length by past blunders grown wise, On h r Appenines sitting is busily fitting Her boot with new welts, stouter soles, and fresh ties. Her delicate bands the fair lady commands. To their task unfamiliar, with ear; .est endeavour; Her curving and limning, her fiddling and hymning, She has done for herself, but her boot-mending, never. Sometimes Pope, sometimes Kaiser, sometimes King, as adviser. How her boot should be mended, she used to invite; That it pinched her severely she ft*It but* on cl arly, Bat trusted strange cobblers to set it all right. Till, as might be expected, their botcbing's detected. In such a misfit thit poor It-t'y swears She's .so pnebed heel and toe that, to stand or to gor Is eqnallv t rcure. the boot while she wears. So though France eager-stands to take work off her hands, And Austria's young Kaiser puts in the same suit; Says I aty, " no—on a new tack I'll go, I know my own pinch, and I'll menJ my own boot * VERT PROPER PRECAUTION. Mr. Tunck is in'ormed than an action is about to he brought by Mr. John Arthur Roebuck, M.P., against one of the railway oompanies for declin n< to convey him, except in a tin box, marked 41 Dangerous/' The Company's defence is its by i&w;, providing against liability'tothe carriage of inflammable matter, THS SOLDIER'S CALL. It must be confessed that, in the way o- flogging, the British army outstrips every other army in the world. It is too ban t: at the British soldi-r, who never allows the enemy to see hi* bick, should be called upon to ex hibit it to his own countrymen. the conundrum that won the TRIZE at THE LAST GRAND BILLINGSGATE FLOWER SHOW. Supposing you have got a fish, when is it like A flower? When you have got a nrgnonstte (him in your net), THE GAME OF PIEDMONT. We observe that a new pastime isadvertired under this name. According to onr idea, the game of Pied mont must resemble that of the ump re who was chosen by two gentlemen playing all-fours. who h- d consider able doubts with regard to each other's honesty. He was to receive so much a game for seeing fair play, and at the close of the evening proved to be the only winner. Victor Emmanuel, tub King of Sab DiNiA«-Vktor Eu,mmU"l IL flras l orn March 14,1820# 11 s m th-r was an A'istrian princes?.and his fa'her was the late King, Charles Albert. Brought up under clerical instruction. Viet >r Em.nanuc1, "hen bearing the ti le of Duke of Savoy, went largely iuto socket v. bore a commission in the arnij, and was well known as a keen, lover o field sports. In 181 he married the Areh d-chesa Adelaide, of Austria, *incc dead. When the French Revolution of 1811 ciused political ooramotion, in Italy, the Pope actually taking the lead as a political rejreatnator, King Charles Albert raised the- banner of Piedmont, and. a few days afrer the Austrians were driven out of Milan, proclaimed the war of Italian Inde pendence. All through the campaign wiiicb followed. Victor Emna.uuri spiritedly fought by his father's side, and greatly distinguished hi'- self on March 24, 1819, in the battle of Novara, when t he Sardinian army was de feated. That very tv.ning dearie- Albert abdicated, an l Victor Emmanuel brcame KiDg of Sardinia, which kingdom really includes not only the island of Sardinia, but also Piedmont. Savoy, the Lomeliins, and Genoa, alt in Italy. Charles Albert retired to Portugal, where ha died ^pn after. Little was expected from Victor Em maauav His su'jects rather distrusted him. and for a time he had to euctunter ma ty internal difficulties. ; Austria offered him the Dachy of Parma if he would re | podiate the Constitution to which he bad sworn, with, his father, in February, 1849; but he refused the bribe. Genoa proclaimed a Provisional Government against him; bat he speedily put down the emeule. After the beginning of 1H.0, when the Sardinian Parliament tardii ratified the peace with Austria, public confidence began to rely on th - wsdom, pairio iMu aud boldness of tbe King. He broke with u-or.e, aseeril.g the national independence of bis k:ngi<m in temporal matters, and may be said to have become independent of the Papal See In spiritual matters also. In January, 1855. ho formed th t alliance wi.h France and England, sgaiust Bussi-, wldch led to his sen ling a S irdinian army to the Crimea. At the close ol the war he viii'ccf Er&nceand; England, and was warmly received in both countries. In tbe Cougiess at Paris, to adjust terms of peace, after the Ctimem war. Austria ttronglv objected to Sardinia being ret r. scn-.ed there by a minister. This was over ruled, on the ground that having fought, Sardinia had earned a tghr to have a voice in the terms o peace. English Fishermen in Kobivay.—On arriving at the Soknaes St ition 1 was surrounded by a group of enquirers, who, on ascertaining that I am an Englishman, told me that two Englishmen are residing here, one of whom came forward and invited me to his room. He is a devoted angler from Oxford, who has spent several summers in Norway, and is well ac quainted with the language and the country. He and a friend had rough apartments here, the rental of which included tbe privilege of angling in the r;vor. Before coming to Norway I was under the impression that any one may cast a lino where be p eased in the rivers of 81 wild and primitive a country, but this is not the case; the Englishman's insatiable desire to kill some thing that can struggle, or is difficult U get at has brought all the great rivers of Norway into the market; not excepting those within the arctic circle. They are rented by English ar.glerv sometimes on long leases; and for th« best portions «f tbe most celebrated rivers considerable sums are yald; tbe n ual stipula tion being that tbe angler, besides paying the renin shall give all the fish he catehes, beyor.d those required for his own consumption, #> the fanner.—Through Nor way with a Knapsack. Jly If- Jfulfieu Williams. A Quandary.—To sit on a sofa between two pretty girls, oite with black eyes, jet ringlets, and rosy cheeks, the other with soft blue eyes, sunny ring lets, and red cheeks and Hps, and both laughing at you at the same time. We know of nothing more trying. 