CHINA. The South "Australian Register gives later hews from China, having received Hong Kong papers to the 29th Jan., by the arrival of thd ' Concurrent ' in Adelaide : — " Admiral Hope has bought the old Bombay steamer, ' Sir Charles Forbes,' 60 horse power, for the purpose of condensing water for the troops when they shall proceed north. The — — AS Aft A /a1Ib«b 'I'll o A dmtbol Vitie price M Ub ordered a number of flat bottomed bdats and some wa'er boat?. These are the only prepa rations which are being made for the coming conflict that the public are made aware of. It is rumored that large numbers of, horses and mules have been ordered from vAriofis parts of the world. " The force now collected here is ih a.high state of health and efficiency Nea'riy all the troops are at Canton, not on account of any anticipation of disturbance there, hut; because there is.more accommodation available. Ge neral Straubenzee has proved, a most energetic officer, the present condition of thh force re flecting the greatest credit on his: manage-' ment. . . " No pArt of the additional force to resent the Taku defeat has yet arrived, except two re giments which came on from India some time back (the Buffs and the 67th), Abd beyond the purchase of a small steamer to distil water, And a few flat bottomed boats to land troops by, no preparation's of an extraordinary nature Had been set on foot. ' . " Except, a casual mention in the Pekin (?n iettep! the continuance of a necessity for atten tion -to-the coast defenoes dlong tho ehorb-of-thc Peche-lee, there is nothing that has ahy relation to foreign affairs. The Gazettes do not allude to the rebellion which is apparently reviving with' increase of vigor in the country between the Yangste-kiang valley and. the yellow river, say, generally, between Nankin and KAi-fung, capital of Ho Nan. The Court is stated to be very seriously alarmed; and to be making ap pointments and Arrangements to meet the diffi culty; but ho public notice appears ol this. " The Nankin- rebellim '.appears to' have broken out with fresh vigor, the attempts tb puit it down being both inefficient and fruitless. This schism in ihe State being entirely confined to the Chinese, it really wohld appear as if the Pekih Cabinet viewed it in the light of a safety valve wherevvith to rule the empire, aetually caring little about it, so long as it does not increase to an extent which would endanger the dynasty or cripple the revenue. The disre putable low caste leaders of the present ihove- mentare hardly likely to effect the former ; and the duties on foreign trade, which tiai largfely increased since this rebellion , broke out, doubt less compensate for any deficiency caused in the latter; This view of the case is strengthen ed by the fact of the otherwise unaccountable apathy of the Imperial Government in this matter; especially when ihe resources it has at hand to resist the performance of treaties be considered, which might long since, if need be, have been used to exterminate the rebellion. " The intelligence from Japan is satisfactory enough, in so far as trade goes, but destructive fires have occurred i a foreign quarter; both at Nagasaki And Yokiam (Kanagawa), causing an extensive destruction of property. The native buildings appear to be so frail and inflammable, that some arrangement must heeds be come to regarding the construction of suitable factories. In addition to this, three shipwrecks Are re corded.- The detAUs of these disasters will be founded in the supplement. The American minister has declared the port of Nee-gata As unfit for foreign trade, owing to the shoalbess of the water, and that another port on the west coast of Niphon will bo selected in lieu of it;' The Bishop of London requires of the candi dates for ordination in his dio'cese, an acquain tance with the life of John Wesley, thb ' cele brated founder of Wesleyan Methodism. The object of the Bishop is to induce them to Btudy ibe history of the "Church of England during the rise and progress of Methodism in the last century. , True Friendship.— Whatever is grand in nature or noble in art, there is nothing half so beautiful as true friendship;' and yet if we but. analyze the feeling we find it is nothing, more oriless than simple, but, earnest troth— truth in thought, troth in word, truth in deed. Nor is there any condition br circumstance ih life under which we may be . placed, but that we may find it all sufficient for us— for if the voice oi caiumny or scanaai is raisen against it- — it is A defence — if the shafts of envy; hatred, or ma lice are directed against it— it is a shield and breastplate. Even if the prince of darkness with his accompanying host are placed in dread array ageinst it, they shall iiot prevail ; but if there .is any position in which this friendship stands out in more prominent and beautiful relief, it is in the time of adversity and. sore distress, when the world frowns; when friends forsake/ even those friends upon whom we bad a right to lean for sympathy and support, when the clouds of darkness and oppression encircle Us in their icy embrace; or- when one stands as it were " alone, all all alone alone in the wide wide world !" when there is no eye to pity, no heart to feel, no hand to help, she will ih this extre'mity arise, and" tell us fbr.our joy and con- Eolation, in her still small voice, " there's light behind the cloud nor is this all; as we travel Along the vale of years, Bhe will be to us a min istering and guardian angel, encouraging; stimulating, befriending, And as we pause to lo'bk back upon the distance traversed what a pleasing retrospection of deeds nobly done, of trials._manfully .endured, of. battles, fought, of victories gained, the greatest and most glorious of all victories, the victories over the dark and depraved passions of the human mind ; and as the distance lessens, as the journey draws to a 'close, she will prepare us for that dark and mysterious change which awaits us all, and through an all wise Providence we may be per mitted to overstep the boundary allotted to the life of man, and which we are told becomes all labor and Borrow, and when with palsied frame, tottering Btep, dimmed sight and declining sense; she will take us, in the tomb of Time, only, ito reunite with us in creative glory and immortality, when there; and then only we shall comprehend to the fullest extent the might, inajesty, and power, the reality of that friend ship "which while on earth is freely offered us. — James Bird. Ghosts. — A correspondence on the subject of ghosts took place some time ago between Mr. Dickens and Mr Howitt. The former supported a theory which was little more than A misty elaboration of the usually accepted doctrine that ghosts are the mere projections of fancy, to be referred to a morbid or excited condition of the intellectual or emotional cen tres ; white the latter contended for the abso lute and unequivocal existanco of ghosts as exterijul, objective beiugs. In closing the cor respondence Mr Dickens appears to have re quested that Mr Howitt would be good enough to point out to him some house said to be haunted. Mr Howitt pointed out two- one at Chesiiunt; and one at Wellington, near Newcastle. Probably because it was the nearest place Mr Dickens chose to visit Oheshunt, and to an account of this visit he devotes the whole of the Christmas number ot hiB new periodical. The upshot of the story is, not only that no ghost appeared to him, but he could not find in the whole neighbourhood a single person to whom a ghost had appeared. The conclusion drawn by Mr Dickens, therefore, is that Mr Howitt's instance has failed, "and that his case has broken down. ' Mr Howitt, however, is by no means of this opinion. He publishes ex planations in a iong letter to the '' Critic,' ar guing that Mr Dickons, has been guilty of gross unfairness. In the midst of A great deal of so lemn expostulation on the folly of ridiculiug the " theory of apparitions," the " ideas of spiri tiialism," the " science of pnehroatology," we find with some difficulty tliat Mr Howitt has two reasons which he thinks especially tangible for rejecting the conclusion of Mr . Dickens. The first reason U that the house alleged to have been once haunted has recently been en larged And repaired. This circumstance, in deed, Mr Dickens himself expressly states, and Mr Howitt maintains that it violates the whole case. In the second place Mr Howitt main- taibs that the negative testimony of Mr Dick ens as to the non-existen of witnesses is worth less, for hA is ih possession of the positive testi mony of many respectable persons. And. be- s'des; did Mr Dickens take the right Way to find- those who could bear testimony. to the fact the house had beemonce haunted ?" " No ; he -wont down with o ".knot of jolly fellows,' had a" " merry dAy " and so forth. , These are the many reasons for which, as Mr Howitt thinks, the "results of Mr Dickens's visit proves ho- thing,' Tni Bayonet Exercise.— There are me thods of acquiring the use of the bayonet which our very original friends, the French, practice, and which it might be well worth our while to imitate. "VYe all know that the ."noble Art . of self-defence" is acquired by practicalesperiehce with the padded glove, The use of the rapier and small sword is At tained, through the pastime of fending with the buttoned foil, the steel mask, and the padded vest. . In like maimer the French stimulate bayonet coinhats. Thrusting in the air may serve all the purposes' of exercise, and a powerful imagination may. give vigor to the point and fierceness to the .cut, but this does not impart the requisite confidence to the "soldier; He must' have something tb parry, something tb thrust, at ; he must have the bayonet combat realised in order to understand fully the true value of his wea pon and the weapon opposed to him. Ac cordingly the French employ gutta percha bayonets And sword bayonets. "With these they engage in many harmless encounters. They are confronted with the best descrip tion of soldiers in combatting with one an other. The spirit is called forth, the Bkill is taxed, yet no one is injured. We recom mend tins description of warfare to our vo lunteers. No doubt the manufacturers of gutta percha articles will as readily receive orders for swords and bayonets as for' hoot soles' and ear tubes, and we shall esteem our selves happy in having thrown out a sugges tion so well calculated to prove of practical benefit.— Volunteer Service Gazette. . The Last Moments of Washington .Ir ving. — During Monday, Mr. Irving walked out to his garden, a short distance from bis house, and gave some instructions to the gardener. He alsb gave instructions to the carpenters who were em ployed in making some alterations in his library. He did not ride out during the day, as was his usual custom, but as he made no complaint of feeling more indisposed than usual; the omission was not thought by his family to arise from any alarming conditions. He dined with with his family about four o'clock, and after dinner propo sed that they should spend the evening in amuse ment, conversation, and reading. In addition to the regular members of the family, consisting of Ebenezer Irving, the brother of the deceased, with his three daughters, and Pierre M. Irving, a ne phew, with his wife; another, Rev. Pierre M, Ir ving of New Brighton, Staten Island, the library executor of the deceased, was also present, having accidently come up from Staten Island that day. The evening was spent according to the proposal of Mr; Irving, and excepting an occasional refer ence to his difficulty of breathing, none of the com pany appeared more cheerful, or a more gratified Bbarer than he. In the intervals of the conversa tion he glanced over the pages of several books that lay on the centre table, and the last book he is believed to have onaned was Lieutenant Pase's History of the Paraguay Expedition, " About half past ten o'clock, he rose to retire, and taking his leave "of the company, he ascended the staii B Alone to his bedroom. While upon the steps he met his nephew, the Rev. M. IrVing, coming down, holding in his hand a needle for sewing manuscripts. Mr Irving, accosted him in a play ful manner saying. " Why Pierre, what are you doing with a needle ?" and passed on to his own room. These were the lost words he ever uttered. One of his nieces, Miss Sarah Irving, had pro ceeded hiin to his room, and when be entered, she was engaged in arranging his books, so that they would be convenient of access in his hours of wakefulneBsdurihg the night. While engaged in this duty, she was startled by a noise as of some one choking, and turning round she saw Mr. Ir ving press his hand on his heart and fal forward. He caught bold of a table in fnlliog, and gradually sank down oh the floor. The lioise was heard in the parlour below, and in a moment every mem ber of the household was around him : but before any of them reached him he had ceased to breathe.' Supposing that he had fainted, efforts were made by the family to restore him, and, meanwhile, Dr Caruthers, and Mr. George D. Morgan, a near n'eighbonr and intimate friend of Mr. Irving, was sent for. On the arrival of the doctor, he made aii examination of the boby, and announced that iife was extinct. Kirwan, who was sentenced to death some some years ago for the murder of his wife on Ire land's Eye, and whose sentence was commuted to 'transportation for life, and who was ffnally depor ted to Bermuda, has obtained, through the ener getic and enduring sympathy of bis friends at home, a furthur commutation of his sentence ; and on a report of his " very proper conduct " while in foreign parts, he has been liberated, and will be allowed to return home. — Dublin Paper. . The clipper Mastiff, of Boston, has been burn ed At sea. " An all wise and merciful Providence evidently watched over the passengers and crew, for the British ship Achilles continued in sight for three days previous to thd Catastrophe, and immediately bore down upon tho Mastiff when her signals of distress were hoisted. All were saved except a Chinaman, who foolishly persisted in returniog lo the vensel to rescue some of his property. He was immediately suffocated. ; A Parisian and her Pitcher.— Every even ing about ten o'clock, a woman takes up her po- 'sitibn under the Colbert Arcade, at the corner of the Rue Vivienne, her ostensible object being to 'fetch water from the fountain, for which purpose, like the daughter of Laban, she carries a pitcher in her band. As Boon as she observes a gentleman Advancing, she quietly places tier pitcher at the Angle of the two streets, and hides herself in the neighbouring doorway. Owing to the darkness of the spot, the gentleman most probably falls over and breaks the pitcher, poils his trowsers, and hurts his shins. The woman screams. " Be more careful another time, then; " sayp the gen- tleman, rubbing his shins. "Ah my goofi gentler, man, " says the woman, weeping ; " I am indeed sorrv that your clothes should be soiled like that. And she Bhcd enough tears to fill another pitcher. The gentleman consoles heri and affirms that it does not much matter as ho can easily change his inexpressibles, and at the same lime adds how much he regrets having broken her pitcher. At this her sobs redouble. "The pitcher, says she, " was not mine, and I have uo money to replace it." The gentleman, melted by her distress, puts bis hand in his pocket «ind gives two, three and five francs to the unfortunate woman, who then goes to buy another pitcher to be broken by some other gentleman — and so on till midnight. As there ore women who practice this profitable <Jlck near all the fountains in Paris, it has given birth to a new species of industry. There are men who mend these broken pitchers.— Pari? Paper. Extraordinary Swindling —A very curious case of swindling is narrated in the Manchester Guardian. About 15 months ago all industrious well-to-do broker, residing in Lincoln, had the misfortune to lose his wife, leaving him a widower with five children, whose ages varied from eight to'.tventy years. About a mouth after the death of his wife, Mr. Taylor, the btoker, was visited by a lady, who chose goods to the amount of about 151 which she directed Bbould be sent to a house in Lincoln, which she had lately taken. A few days after, the lady paid another visit lo the Bhop, and ordered articles which necessitated a visit to the house of his customer by tho broker. The inter course between them increased, and the lady, who SAid her name was Cooper, informed Mr. laylor that she waB a widow, wiih two children, and an annuity of £40. per annum, and that she bad late ly received a communication from the Court of Chancery, informing her that she was heiress to an immense property iu Scotland, and that a few preliminaries were necessary, which would cost a few huudred pounds, before she could take pos session of her property, The trap was bo well laid that the victim fell into it at once, offered her his hand and heart, telling her that he bad about £1000., which was at her disposal. Notwith standing the cautions of intimate friends, they were married. A loan was raised upon some free hold property, and with the money she said she commenced proceedings. Anxious to get her husband away from the surveillance of his rela tives and friends, Taylor was induced to leave Lincoln, selling At great loss all his goods, and re moved to Boston, where he took a house in the High street. The news of Taylor's good fortune was. soon known in Boston, and every one was congratulating the fortunate husband of the mil lionaire. A large steam flour mill and other pro perty, belonging to the executors of a gentleman lately deceased, were offered by sale at public auction, and purchased at the cost of £4,000., and so universally believed was the tale of the chan cery suit that not a farthing was asked as deposit. Several months elapsed, and several hundred pounds ivere expended ih what Mrs. Tay lor called preliminary law proceedings, and the husband at length began to be impatient. Mrs. Taylor then went up to London, and returned with a docu ment purporting to be a certificate from the Lord Chancellor that she was heiress to the Gordon property." To this document a large seal was affixed, and which she declared to be no less than the Chancellor's seal. This wonderful document was shown, and the tidings of it spread like wild- fire. Matters passed on, and the lady continued to draw money wiih recless profusion from her easy husband, assigning most extraordinary rea sons for the outlay. On one occasion she preten ded tbat she had received a letter from her bailiff in Scotland, announcing that certain repairs we're required. at one of the farms which would- cost £70. Various expenses kept coming in, and stamps. to documents appeared to be an intermi nable item. During all this time Mr. Taylor was quite unconcious that he was being imposed upon. He went round Boston describing in glowing terms the beauty of his estate, and invited friends to spend next autumn in fishing and grouse shoot ing. At length the bubble burst. All the hard earnings of Mr. Taylor being spent, he angrily de manded of his wife that he should see the solici tors and receive some portion of the fortune. On Monday week the pair started for London, and Taylor discovered that he had been imposed upon. Many parties are victimised, and one who lent mo- money upon " plate" found on opening the chest, a box of stones and rags. The Lord Chancellor's document had the impression of a halfcrown at tached, and is, of course, a gross forgery. The superintendent of police At Boston has bad a war rant for the apprehension of Mrs. Taylor put into his hands on a charge of swindling, and. on Wed nesday she was found in London, having just given birth to a son and heir. She has just been removed to Boston, and will, in all probability, be brought before the magistrates next week. Tay lor has returned to Lincoln to make, his fortune afresh. Death of the . ' Talking - Fisu,"— After three days' painful illness the " Talking fish" dieff in the metropolis. . Its constitution had been gradually breaking up .for some time past, owing to the artificial .habits which its position' as a public fish compelled it to adopt, and for before its death above alluded to it had been for- ced tb withdraw into private life. The interest; iiig sufferer was wrapped up iu blankets, and several eminent medical men were called in. Their efforts proved unavailing. On Wednesday after; noon last, the wife of its proprietor visited the invalid. The latter attempted to raise itself, it plainly grunted " mama," but the mental shock was evidently too great-it fell over on its side and expired. Unlike liuman creatures, the fish has contrived, in one sense at least, to take some £1,- 500 with it out of thi9 world, that Bum having been very recently offered to its bereaved pro prietor for the possession of its person.' New Steam Batteries. — The new steam bat teries. tenders for which we stated in our last had been issued by the Admiralty, have been awarded, one. to Mr. Palmer, of J arrow, the other to Messrs. Westwood and Baillie, of Mill wall. The former has been allowed fifteen' months to com plete his contract, which has been taken at£43 per ton ; the latter have agreed to complete their vessel within twelve months, the price £44 per ton. The tonnage of each vessel is 3,668 toQ9 builders measurement. This will enable us to form some estimate of the enormous co9t of these vessels, since the former will cost £157,754, and the latter, £161,392. This it must be remem bered is for the mere hull of the boat ; and as her equipment will necessarily be very expensive, and her engines of immense power, we shall taken low estimate of the cost when wc assume that each vessel will, when ready for sea, cost about a third of a million of money. This is purchasing ves sels at the rate of about three for every million of pounds sterling. These however, are only the smaller steam batteries ; those already building of 6,000 tons will cost upwards of a quarter of a million, or £294,000, for the hull alone ; and, when fitted lor sea, will not cost less than a half a mil lion of money each ; so that for more than a mil lion and a half of money John Bull will have pa raded, before his eyes, four ships of large tonuage, of unquestionable strength, and ol very question able utility, seeing that their success is an admit ted problem. — Steam Shipping Chronicle. Lord Clyde and his cuier or the Staff.— I could not but be struck with the admirable per sonnel of our officers as they stood chatting in groups to-day. Sir Colin, spite of a slight stoop, is every inch a soldier iu look and tearing— a spare, muscular, well-poised on small, well- made feet, to which some utilitarian bootmaker has done scant justice, and gives plenty of leather ; one arm held straight down by the side, withclenched fist, the other used with easy gesture; his figure shows little trace of fifty years of the hardest and most varied service beyond that which a vigorous age must carry with it; the face is marked, indeed with many a seam across the brow, but the mouth, uurmounted by a trimmed, short moustache, is clean cut and firm, showing a perfect set of teeth as ho speaks ; the jaw, smooth and broad, is full of ' decision ; the eye of the the most piercing in telligence, full of light and shrewdness. General Mansfield, taller .than his chief, well nTT — broad chested, gives some indications of hi ® 8nd ordinary attention to the labours of n,» a study in a "scholar's slope" about h;» -v. ,. 0,111 His f ace is haudsome— a fine oval wiih a ders- jaw; compressed, arched lips, fui, of v,S«oUs well formed nose, aud a brow laden with v. 0 his sight is not good, and he is obS glasses or spectacles, which he holds rathn- T" giving himse'f the air of our friend at the bin ' ofNasidienus, "omnia suspended „aso." probably, which has made some people thir.1 A." genera1 is supercilious ; but I am satisfied will find him so who has to approach him 1 ?ne smess. Horsford is the beau ideal of on iH" offieer. Look at all these men, and jou wiffi that they are not above two who have the l "swagger" or swashbuckler air, whilst lL,» look like soldiers. — Russells Diary in India . Disgraceful Conduct — The Torrawinee. respondent of the Ovens and Murray communicates tho following intelligence to t),"' paper. Ifthe incidents narrated actuallvocciirl.i' they ought not to be allowed to pass over with inquiry being instituted. Any coroner who could act as here described, is not only unfit for his eition but deserves severe punishment, The '1" respondent says-" A woman had been confwi for some weeks in Beechworth Gaol for miX meanour, and on being released some unprincinbd men treated her to liquor to such an extent th i delirium tremens followed, (jand when the unhann creature was in a beastly state of intoxication these very worse than dog like meu exposed tho woman to Buch a degree, and took a part in viola ting lier person, that would be a disgrace to anv uncivilized race. These men are well known and their conduct, and names should be blazoned forth to the world. This part of the exhibition would in nil probability never have been made but for the inhuman conduct in the closing scene of th woman's life. In her frenzy she rushed into the river at Oxley Plains, and, will it be credited when it was possible to save her from a waterv grave one of these inhuman wretches called out to his associates in the tragic affair " Let the b— — alone, she can ewim like a duck," and neither of them made a single effort to save her from the jaws of death. When the body was taken out of the water, it lay loDg exposed in a nude state oa the bank of the river for two days before the Cor- oner called an inquiry. After which this Coroner" Doctor, or whatever else may be his title, ordered a man close by to dig a pit and roll the corpse into it, without even a sheet of bark to enclose the bones. This is only a faint outline of the Coroner's coDduct. I will leave it for your editorial pen to paint the picture in its telliDg character. I will conclude by asking, " Do you think the Coroner has done his duty ?" Geological.— We have just had a visit paid to the neighborhood by Mr Selwyn, Government Geologist, who has been examining the crevices and creeks in the locality, picking up information from the wreck of bye gone convulsions 1 in the days when earth was young '—conning the lessons given by the rooks and strata of the riven sail. He has been fortunate enough to pick up on the Muddy Creek a number of fossil shells and bones of some huge extiDCt marino animal, supposed to belong to the whale species ; he also found the tooth of a shark, and other indications of this portion of the continent having been submerged by, the sea. There is no doubt but that the whole of this, district is of volcanic origin ; the extinct craters on several of the mounts between this and the coast testifies to the fact, together with the course of the lava streams from their sides still existing, and known as " The Stones." The whole of the basalt Btratum under us has been in a stste of fusion before it settled on the limestone bed " which forms the Bubstratura. Mr Lindsay Clarke, the surveyor, was the first to discover the exis tence of these interesting relics on the Muddy Creek— a fact which he intimated to Mr Selwyn. Mr Selwyn's report of deposits, and Mr M'Coy's analysis of the specimens, wili be of great im portance to the cause of science, and will be looked forward to here with interest. It would be of great importance to know the different strata and their depth in this district, to have a geological map at our command ; but this will have to be waited for for some time yet. We want' at the Grange a geological society like that in Portland, to assist in developing the bidden resources of wealth and comfort buried at present beneath oar feet ; and there is no study so interesting, except perhaps astronomy, or so important to the inter ests of the community. — Hamilton Courier. Certificate.— In the Insolvent Courl, on Thursday, oh the motion of the Chief Com missioner, certificate 'was granted to Armstrong and Adams, Castlemaine. The Intercolonial Cricket Match.— A meeting of the Intercolonial Match committee was held at the Argus hotel on Friday, with Mr. Ham- mersley in the cbair. The hon. secretary stated that the receipts during the late match amounted to £1437 14s 6d., and after paying all expenses there was a balance of £446 lis 6d left in the treasurer's bund9. Several accounts were passed, but it was determined that no accounts relating to Ihe bAli niven after the match last year should be itcoEi.red. Afrer some discussion a sum of £43 __ . i 1 .A tU/vcn l is bu was ordered 10 oe paiu 011 miuuui> w gentlemen who had incurred expenses in proceed ing to Sydney last year. — Herald. Macdosaid v.Macdokaed. — The English papers, received per the Northam's mail gsve an account of proceedings in the Divorce Court, in which Captain Macdonald of Syd ney wa3 respondent, and Ms wife, now in England, complainant. The court disolved the marriage. We parceive that Captain Macdonald has since married Miss Hughes, orand-dauerhter of Old Sam Terry, and a very wealthy woman. — i Goulburn Herald. 