! THE VISITOR OF THE RUE RIVOLI. BY LIEUT. T. SMITH HEED. i In the summer of 1847, I was sitting with I the Vicompte Rene Montargier afc the window j of a cafe and restaurant, in the Rue Rivoli, in r Paris, overlooking the Tuileries. We were at |. chess, but as, although playing the game I steadily, we were not so intensely ansoruea as E to prevent every thought of every other affair, f an occasional observation from one or the E other induced conversation, and the game of chess proceeded slowly. | Looking at the palace, at that time occupied I by the citizen king, LouisPhillippe, our thoughts | by an easy transition, passed to Josephine and I to the remarkable prediction which had foretold I her fortune ; and this at once opened the con- tested question of fortune telling, on which the t vicompte and myself had held frequent argu- I ments. | ' Admitting that fortune telling is an idle indulgence,' 1 said, 'yet it is universal; every I man foretells events. Your queen is en prise.' I « Thank you for your courtesy,' the vicompte | answered. And after a few seconds examina- tion of the game, he made his move and re- \ plied : — ' It is a misfortune to be at that pass, I when the best argument that can be adduced | in favor of a particular folly, is found by reckon. I ing the number of fools that believe in it. For- tune telling, when it is regarded as nothing more than the clever invention of a charlatan, | may amuse ; but when forebodingB of miafor- I tune are accepted as realities that must occur, I or when predictions of good luck are received ( as the certain events of the future, surely either I unnecessary unhappiness or painful disap. I pointment is the well merited reward of the I dupe.' I To this I. answered : I 'Yet we know that very celebrated predic- 1 tions have been realised. And although long I before our era, as we nre told by Cicero, the I oracles of Delphos had lost their credit, and R although since that epoch aruspices and augurs i and oracles and divinations by dreams have I been abolished by Christianity ; yet we may say, even in the present day, with the Latin poet Lucan, that to the other sorrows which plague poor mortals, nature has added the tor. | ment of knowing beforehand the evils that will B happen to us.' The vicompte rejoined : 'Chance! mere chance! A thousand ar- X rows are shot into the air, and .one falls into | the apple. I hold with Horace, that Jupiter B laughs when men disquiet themselves about the B future.' | 1 Nevertheless,' I replied, 'it. has been said by a wise man, that if there is divination; there - must be|a God,|and if there is a God, B there must be a divination.' B To this proposition, - the Frenchman replied B gaily, 'And it has been said by another wise man, that as for those who understand the lan- Bgmige of birds, and are more enlightened by the liver of an animal, or by any other means, than by their own reason, it is better to listen to than to believe them.' ... The Frenchman had scarcely finished his sen Htence, when he whs attacked by a violent fit of sneezing; almost at the same time I was greatly discommoded, and we both tamed our heads from the table. 'When the fit subsided, SBwe were a little startled by the ' voice of 'a young lady, who, unperceived by us, had seated herself at the table, in such a manner -' as to have the chess board before her, and one of us Hon each side. The girl was pretty, and fa. Hshionahly dressed. She smiled, as she asked-: Br Shall I disturb you-by looking at your play ?' Each one of us supposing by her familiarity that she was the other's acquaintance,' welcomed her with polite ceremony,' and the conversation ran on with that agreeable sweet acidity that makes a dialogue, piquant, without causing either of the parties to feel pique. Frequent allusions made by our visitor to circumstances in the private life of us both, which we thought were known only to ourselves, increased the confidence and lessened the reserve with which we discussed sundry escapades in the Jardin HMabile, the hippodrome, and the chateau rouge, and enlivened our criticisms upon ' Mogador,' the popular equestrienne, and on Georges, the faded actress. , H ' So, the vicompte is a philosopher !' the lady said banteringly, ' and reduces all things to the standard of his own reasoq. A greater, tyrant than Procrustes, he stretches or diminishes the possible and the impossible, as it happens that his brain is clear, or his petit souper of laBt night troublesome, and as he relishes his cafe B<i» lait. or requires- hock and seltzer water in the morning, he decides whether ghosts are realities, and divination a science? Is it not so, vicomte ?' ; I do not know why, but this particular part of the conversation it certainly did occur to me that there was an unsubstantially in the person of the young and beautiful girl, and either my eyes were dazzled by some action of the atmo- sphcre, or else the features and form of our pretty visitor did assume a vapory indistinctness of outline, whilt she was addressing my com- panion. But' the instant that she turned her sparkling eyes to me, I lost the power of close examination, and every idea of unearthly un- reality immediately vanished. The vicompte would have ridiculed my evanescent fancy as an impossibility. He laughed, as he replied to the young lady's remarks. fi IL'SIa ik n 4 MHA aT tU n aT aaa aa 1 wu»iv»j kuai uuc ui iuc oHgCO Ul VirccLU WQO cacsed the celebrated' words, ' Know Thyself,' to be engraved upon the Temple of Delphi, issued another philosophical edict, 'Too much of.Nothing.'- And I should ns unwillingly dis- Hbelieve everything that does not appear truth- like, as I should feel unjustified in despising those who do believe in what Horace calls Bb' magic terrors, apparitions and prodigies, RBmonsters of the night,' I know how to sepu> pirate in my mind the impossible from the unu sual, and to distinguish that which is against the course of nature from what is only, contrary jKtu the opinions of men ; but, my dear young lady, I require more evidence than has yet been (offered to .me to convince me that ghosts are realities, or that a knowledge of the future is Bftwitliin the Teach of human nature.' ' And the vicompte would not believe me, if Hi should tell him that on the chess- board'beforo flBiim he has himself described the future of .his own life ?' m I became interested — nay, .a little excited — nd without knowing why. or stopping to ask j the cause, 1 looked from the beautiful girl to HBthe chess board, and front the chess board again BB>t our fair visitor, with a sensation very much HBike i awe and timidity. But tho lady scarcely HBnoticed me ; her attention was di'ected to the Hjicoinpte, and she Bp.oke rapidiy, ns she con- HBiuued ; Hp ' You are proud, bruve, honorable and hon HHored. Is it not so ?' Rene Montargier bowed, jBRptud answered. ' I hope so. 'You will be de- fP'tad ai dishonored and cowardly.' Never, Hnvhilst my right hand is unwithered.' R The lady rejoined : ' Look at your hoard and Brot your watch ; note tho day, the hour, 'the exact minute! It is the anniversary of your nativity. ' The spirits who ' shape our ends, rough hew them as we will,1 give to every man an opportunity to read his fate. Yours is now before your. Look at your game. You have lost a knight; it is a part of honor! Your king haB retreated ; it is a sign of cowardice ! Your otheu knight is en prise to a pawn; it forebodes disgrace ! Your adversary's castle is in your board; it betokens imprisonment ! Your fate is told in the mimic game of life. Beaten like a hound !' II' ' Tried like a malefactor !' 'I !' ' Im-. prisoned like a felon.' ' I !' ' Look !' The lady pointed to the large plate glass window, which, as we looked, craoked from side to side without any visible cause. When we turned our. heads again, our visitor had left us. ' Who is your friend of evil omen ?' said Rene Montargier. ' Mine !' I exclaimed. 'I never saw her until now. Is she not your ac quaintance ?' ' No,' Rene answered, vainly endeavoring to conceal his agitation. We en quired of the waiters, and they declared that no lady had either entered or quitted the apart ment. "We were engaged to ride a steeple chase, une course aux aoehes, at Avranches in Nor mandy. The race day came, and four riders came to the starting post — Rene Montargier, mounted on an English thorough bred gray UU1SU) biUUCU Vblt kj 11C1UUIUO J HIU MLUllUlO Saint Michel, on a black horse, called Satan ; an English half pay officer, Major Digby, on a chesnut named Monarch, and myself on a bay called Goldfinder. From the commencement of the race it was known that the contest would be between Gray Hercules and Satan; who were old antagonists, and it was believed that the rivalry between the ownerB had in it something more bitter than the usual emula tion of the race course. The course was about five miles, or three times round some marshy meadows under the hill of Avranches, and the precipitous hillsides were crowded with specta. tors, who had an uninterrupted view of every leap, The judges declared Gray Hercules the winner, bat- the Marquis Saint Michel as serted that, Bene had ridden foul. A wordy dispute ensued. Montargier found the Marquis as haughty as himself, and in reply to some vio lent remark, Rene received that most intole rable injury, a blow with a horsewhip across his face. Every one of the spectators iu that crowd, as they ' repeated one to another in tones, indica ting the enormity of the insult, ''im coup de crttbacfte I" ' knew that for such an insult the death of the assailant could be the only satis faction; and I felt : rio 'surprise when Rene. Montargier saluted me from among tho many sympathizing friends to arrange the terms of a duel with the Marquis St. Michel. Ab I walked -along the boulevard of Avranches, to wards the residence of Major Digby, the chosen kec'ond of the Marquis, I thought of our mys terious visitor of the Rue, Rivoli, and' of her predictions.' " I found in Major Digby a master in the punotilious cdde'of the duel. ' He 'claimed ; for his principal the - right of naming ! time and place, made -no objection to the use of swords, and as he was aware it was intended that the duel should have a fatal result, he desired that the marquis should have a month to make his will and arrange his affairs, which were ia con siderable disorder. Although I was at once surprised and annoyed at this unusual demand, I knew it was one that would he sanctioned by the French code of honor, and with an ill grace, and only after .much discussion, I ac cepted the terms, and returned to Rene Mon targier. - . 'A month!' he exclaimed.' I shall die! A month ! and that unavenged !' . Rene Montargier was an excellent swords, man; but in the interval before - the ,-duel he exercised himself not only with the most Bkil- ful fencers, but with the most awkward re- cruits. He also put himself under the,, training of an English prize fighter. He spoke but: little, but he ejaculated many times in a day; 'I will kill him 1- 1 will kill him,!' At the end of three weeks he had grown pale and hag gard, and a fierce restlessness in his eye, and a hardened compression about the mouth, indica ting too plainly the struggle that was wearing away his soul. Only a few days ' remained before the time appointed for the deed, when I received a letter from Major Digby, the second of the Marquis Saint Michel. The major said that in the exercise of the right of his principal, as the party receiving the challenge to name the weapon, lie desired that the duel Bhould be fought with pistols, and that he would not per mit the use of smallswords. When I commu nicated this demand to; Montnrgijr, he became livid with fury. A demoniac hatred had ab- Borbed every ieeling, every thought, except a determination to enjoy the lingering death of his adversary. He had arranged the manner in which every wound should be given to -the man- who had so cruelly insulted him. And now, after three weeks' consideration, his ' ad versary was about to escape. He insjsted the duel should be decided with swords. The unusual circumstances of the quarrel im posed a grave responsibility upon me, nnd I consulted some of the most distinguished mem bers of the club. Acting upon their opinion nnrl flrlvtro T wvofft fn TWftinr T")irwhv nnH -trtl/1 him that under ordinary circumstances, the challenged party had1 indeed the right to name the weapons, but under so personal an injury as the ''coup de cravachc," the challenger se lected the means of satisfaction. I insisted upon the use of small swords. The English man replied that he would be upon the ground at the time and place agreed on, and would then offer the satisfaction which the code of honor demanded. This communication was' not explicit, and I again consulted Rene's friends. Supported by them, I again informed Major Digby that the duel must be fought with small swords. The day arrived, and I accompanied the Vicompte Rene Montargier, with two well se lected and perfectly equal swords of the most admirable workmunship, to the uppointed place, on open ' glade in an adjacent foreBt. The Marquis Saint Michel and Major Digby were thero before us. The major also had provided weapons for two persons. Two pairs of Man- ton's hair trigger nine inch barrelled duelling pistols lay updn-n-cloth placed oh the green sward. ;i Major Digby, '\with imperturbable coolness, expressed his regret that there should be any difference of opinion or misunderstanding as to the right Of our respective principals, and said : t - . ' We are here on'th'e ground at your invita tion. We have provided pistols, take your choice of them, we will wait twenty minutes for yon to decide.' And the major looked at his watch, bowed, and walked away some fifty .yards to rejoin the marquis, who was attended ' bjr his servaut and a surgeon. As determined, although not quite so cool as the English major, I whs resolved that the duel should proceed with swords. But I was at a- loss to know how to bring it about. .Ten mi nutes elapsed, fifteen passed, and then the major said s : ' ,j ' , ' Will you select your pistols ?' . j ; ' No,' I replied. 'Wo fight with swords — take your choice.' Major Digby smiled, with an indifference so provoking, that I almost stiuck him. But (he bowed politely again, looked at his watch, fai led the servant to put the piBtols into their case, returned to the Marquis, handed him into the cabriolet, and again bowing, drove quickly away. " | This termination of the meeting ought to have been expected, but yet neither Rene nbr myself was prepared for it. I was vexed, but poor Rene' Montargier was absolutely drank with passion. He cried, sobbed, tore liis hair, and for some minutes suffered an uncontrolled and uncontrollable agitation. ' ' O, kill me !' he exclaimed. ' I beg you to kill me! -O, how can I live? Ah, that coup de cravacJie ! I cannot live! Ha! do you remember the visitor in the Rue Rivoli ? Scourged like a hound! My friend, I pray you kill me ! Kill me ! Save me this dis honour! Save me from myself I' j ' Come, come, my friend 1' I answered, ' Your honour is unstained, your courage un doubted. The cool impudence of the English man ran rink save the iM firn 111 s from the ntvf.ain result of his conduct. All France, all tile world will see that his application lor so longs delay, followed up by the poltroon's refusal j;o. obey the laws of honour, has been the result of fear and cowardice.' .. .j Rene's violence subsided into a sullen, eat age and defiant desperation, which I had no power and very little inclination to restrain. The af fair was discussed in nearly ' every society in France, for the Vicompte Rene Montargier ws a noble of a' very old Norman family, and the Marquis Saint Michel a distinguished favourite of King Louis Philippe. Opinion was not unanimously in favour of the course 1 had adop ted, and many of the' young men said, '. Why the deuce: did you not fight with pistols ?' Thus although both Rene and myself were supported by the judgment of the. cool and the experien ced, I felt with him, that the stigma of thi 'coup de cravacJie' remained, and notwithstand ing the prediction of the visitor of the Rue Rivoli, I resolved that, if it could not be oltol gether obliterated, it thould be at least partially avenged. | i The races at St. Brieux, in Brittany, about a hundred miles from Avranches, were to come off in. a few. weeks. The Marquis Saint Michel was to'be'there, and we quietly resolved that .uUCIO >Yc \YUUIU UUCApCLtcUljf LUCCt J-lltXli ACUC was so fortunate, that in broad day light, and in the presence of several persons, he met the Marquis on the bridge of St. Brieux. The Marquis was a much taller, heavier, and stroo-' ger. man than Rene Montargier, but Rene horsewhipped him so severely, that, amidst the derisive - shouts of a crowd, the Marquis ran away. Tnat same night Montargier and I were prisoners in the gaol ut St. Brieux,. Rene obtained the assistance of M. Camille, n talen ted advocate, as well known for his hostility to the. rule of Louis Philippe as for his profession- nl ability. . . 'My young friend,' the lawyer said, 'as a man I sympathize with you, but as a- lawyer I condomn you,' and I fear that the oonse-. quences will be much more severe than you an ticipate.' ' A heavy finS/pertiaps'.' I, said.' The'old lawyer shook Lis head, and replied-: ' Travaux forces / Perhaps three years "hard" labour at the public works. The judicial bench of France, as :.in some other countries, is not' ireejfrom political influence, and Rene's known! opposition to the existing government will give a colour to 'his attack upon so ardent a suppor ter ofit'a's the Marquis.' J.tcur JiftC a cpuug ouuubuijt icionogu uuui u heavy weight, was in a vibratory excitement. The idea of punishment for the act that had re lieved him from the disgrace of the coup de' cravache, had little effect upon him, and when the lawyer left -he proposed .a game of icards. But we began to realise the situation in which we had placed ourselves. Three years' Hard labour, among convicts, and in a convict's dress ! It was a terrible reality, and we sat together on a bench, with the pack of cards untouched between us. . Our meditations were interrupted by d woinau's voice, ' Have yoU forgotten me, gentlemen ? And we were startled when we recpgnised our visitor of the Rue Rivoli; ' ' pome; come, do not be overwhelmed, let us see if the future have not good lack as -well: as ill fortune. If the knowledge that-evil'must arrive deprives us of the hope that jtimay be avoided, the certainty that the future "-will -be bright may. enlighten the darkness that aver-' shadows -the .present. Let the cards 'Ipradict. Come, vicompte, shuffle the pack— cut them— draw nine'of them, and place thejh on the' bench you sit on.' . Z- s ' The young ladyfs instructions were obeyed in silence ; neither Rene nor I had the power to speak. /Our visitor of the Rue Rivoli smiled, and whilst Rene nervously drew nine cards from the pack aud placed them as she directed, she said : ' Every action of an individnal is :depen- dent upon the conduct oi some oiner individu al. A fly, a grain of dust, may change thenp- parent' destiny of natione, and establish or oyer-, throw an empire or a dynasty. Your horse-' whip has effected a revolution in France. At this moment the Marquis Saint Michel is wan ted in the chamber of 'Louis Philippe ; but' he i3 in bed, and the w.aut of his counsel will 'lose his king the throne. In twenty-four hours you will be at.liberty. - Collect the cards again:' In our anxiety to obey this diraation, we raieed 'a small cloud of dust, 'and a few graina were, blown into our eyes. When we had relieved ourselves from this inconvenience, our visitor. o't'theRue Rivoli had left the prison 'yard, M. Camille was right. We were tried, found guilty, and sentenced to three years hard ldbour in the dockyard at Brest. But before we left the court, the flight of Louis Philippe was known, the republic was proclaimed, our judge was deposed, and M. Camille was ap pointed ia his place. Our sentence was remit ted, and we were free. The Marquis Saint Michel went to England and joined the Orleans purty in that country. The vicompte is now a celebrated spiritualist; but we have never been able to find out who or what was our visitor in the Rue Ri voli. Population of the Qolihiiblds.— The Mining Surveyors' reports for tho mouth of June have been for- wnnled to us. Wo have gone carefully through thorn ivith tho view of deducing the number of' men now ou the goldflelds. Tho return show that the mining popu lation amounted to— alluvial miners, 41,230 Europeaus, 14 050 Chinese; quartz miners, 7839 Europeans, and , 35 Chinese. Grand total, 40,130 Europeans, and 14,385 Chinese, - -Bvrahl. 