THE Portland Guardian AND NORMANBY GENERAL ADVERTISER. Published every Monday, Wedesday, & Friday. To Protect our Rights-Not to Infringe upon those of Others. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25TH, 1860. ADVENTURES AND OBSERVATIONS IN AUSTRALIA. BY ALISTER MACALISTER, GENT. CHAPTER XXV. PERPLEXITY-MR. LESOP-MY CHIEF STRANGE VISITORS-INTERVIEW WITH MR. BUMBLE - ATTACK ON MR. BUMBLE. WHAT was I to do? To return the letter to Lesop was out of the question I could not say I had not read it, and even if I had the assurance to say I had not, I felt positively certain that he would not believe me. But I reasoned, supposing he gave me credit for not having read it, I would not be justified in returning it. It was quite true that I might be blame-worthy as to the manner in which I had obtained my information, but having come into the possession of this information, which re- vealed to me so plainly, a plot of the darkest fraud and villainy, I concluded, that to conceal it, would be to make my- self to all intents and purposes, an accom- plice in the iniquity. I at last determined to make Mr. Bumble my confidant, what- ever opinion he might form of myself, for having unwarrantably read a private letter I had a high respect for his judgment, and his good feeling towards me had been all along so marked, that I was sure he would do what be could to be of use to me in my present pressing difficulty. I had just put the letter in my pocket, and made up my mind how to act when to my astonishment and confusion Lesop entered the office. I was in an instant relieved by perceiving that he was not like a man anxiously in search of lost and voluable property, but on the contrary, was in high spirits, and evidently wished to make himself particularly agreeable. " Good morning, Mr. Macalister," he said, " Why you look as if you had seen a ghost, or were just recovering from a brain-fever. 'Pon 'honor, you look as spent and woe-begone as if you had been dozing all night over dull Government papers. Nothing serious I hope ?" "The truth is, Mr. Lesop, I am unwell." "Thought so. Saw it at a glance; but am not very kind to call thus early to comfort you? You see I can forgive like a gentleman, and love like a friend." " I certainly did not expect to see you at this hour." "No, I dare say not. But I always respected you, Macalister, though I must own I sometimes got exceedingly drowsy under your long, winded talk on the moral- ities and proprieties. My calling thus early proves how much I respect you not withstanding your readiness both to lay down the law and to take the law into your own hands. Besides Macalister, old habit-old habit is a wonderful thing. Would you believe it, I was passing the office, and actually made a kind of effort to do so, but I could not resist the inclinan- tion to call, and here I am at your service. Any commands for home? I shall be happy to be charged with a commission to your Governor. For though I have only the honor of knowing the old gentleman through his son, yet being as he is, a gen- tleman of ancient descent--a person of the right rich antiquated ancestral blood, I might make his acquaintance, however poor he may be, without much discourage- ment to my own dignity. I say, I might make his acquaintance, not personally of course, for you cannot be so unreasonable as to believe for a moment that a nobleman in the fresh flush of his dignity and honourable cares, could for a moment entertain the thought of rushing at once out of the world to visit your father in his mountain stronghold in that sterile island of Skye, which lies so far beyond the bounds of civilization, but on my arrival I shall order that whatever you intrust me with be promptly and properly executed." During this long lively address, I had sufficient leisure to get as composed as if I had not in my pocket the blackguard and damning letter, and I knew perfectly well that it would be the worst policy I could adopt to say or do anything which might indicate to Lesop an increase of my aver- sion towards him ; as he would at once conceive I had some concealed reason for my change of conduct, and might be led to think of his infamous epistle. I there- fore tried to answer him as if this precious revelation were not in my keeping. "Mr. Lesop," I answered, "I presume that your own important affairs will for some time to come be far more than sufficient to occupy your close and entire attention, and in the circumstances in which you are now placed, even if you could render me any little service, would it not be unfair of me to take advantage of your condescension and good nature by imposing upon you such a task, for I can easily suppose that whatever would now withdraw your atten- tion in the slightest degree from the grand object which you contemplate, would be felt by you, notwithstanding your willing- ness to oblige myself, exceedingly obtru- sive and vexatious. At any rate, I have nothing at present of the slightest moment to communicate to my father, and even were it otherwise, and I earnestly desired you to see my father, as you well observe it would be unreasonable for me to expect you to do so." " With all his blushing honors thick upon him," I shall be at least dutiful to the extent of not embarrassing you one iota with my concerns." "I must say after all, Macalister, you do occasionally speak like a sensible man. However much I may be willing to oblige you, what you have just said is considerate, very. When I proffered my service to you, I did not permit myself to reflect on the momentous nature of my own affairs. But as you wisely remark these are likely to occupy for some time my close and entire attention. Not that the burden will be by any means over-heavy to bear. Wealth you know lightens labour, and I shall have all that assistance which money can command, and pray what is the assist- ance that it will not command ? But still you know I must have an eye in my head \--I must be wakeful in looking after my assistants till I get the good ship fairly launched; then a very slight supervision on my part will keep all right and tight. It is fortunate that I do not need to learn the duties of a commander. There is much in blood, a very great deal in blood, Macalister, let the plebeians laugh at the idea till they burst, they cannot controvert the fact. Why, blood makes all the differ- ence in a horse, and why should it not in a man? My illustration you observe, is to the purpose. Your plebeians are born don- keys, but your members of the aristocracy are the high-mettled racers. Why is the one rubbish and the other pure gold? Blood-blood makes all the difference. You could not get a bloodless animal to act the free and noble part of "a bit of blood." Could you? So if you put a clod-pole, a bloodless man, into a Lord's seat, what a funny looking article he would be. Would'nt he? Now I have the blood, the inherent capability of filling suitably the exalted station to which I am destined. It is true that I am under a cloud, but that does not alter the case. The high-mettled racer would still be a high mettled racer if you happened to find him in a filthy stable. I ask you, would he not ?" Very far as I was from being inclined to mirth this climax in Lesop's speech com- pletely upset me. The reasoning and illus- tration were so unique, original, and irre sistible, that I could not restrain myself from actually roaring with laughter. Lesop appeared to be cumpletely innocent of any knowledge as to the cause of my hilarious fit, and it was obvious that he had not the most distant suspicion that I was indulg- ing my risability at his expense. He looked at me for a minute or so in down right amazement, and when after a violent effort I had sobered down, he said with profound simplicity, " Mr. Macalister you have greatly alarmed me, and I must really use the liberty of speaking to you plainly as a friend deeply interested in your wel- fare. When entered your wild and death- like appearance struck me forcibly; this, taken in connexion with your sudden and unnatural laughter, convinces me that your brain is touched. I hope for your own sake and for the sake of your friends, that this singular illness of yours is only indicative of an attack of brain-fever, and that it will not end in permanent insanity. My advice to you is, that you go immediately to bed and send for a doctor. I am sorry that I cannot accompany you to your vile lodg- ings, but if you please I will call a cab, and take care that the driver is properly directed. Do be advised. That's a good fellow. I will be back in a moment," and before I could say a word to stop him, he was gone post haste. Here was a pretty mess truly. The scoundrel, the fool, the arrant fool I thought will, to a certainty in hurrying for a cab, embrace the opportunity before he returns of in- forming my Chief that I am mad and that it has become necessary instantly to re- move me and that I be closely cared for, with a view to my own safety and the safety of others. "Do I not indeed" I said to myself "run some risk of being taken for a madman, if I permit my excitement to overmaster me, and will I not in that case be searched to discover if I have not poison or any dangerous weapon concealed about my person And how would I look if the infamous letter were found upon me ?" I was in this unpleasant frame of mind, and Lesop had not been gone three minutes, when my Chief himself entered the office with a cheerful "good morning Mr. Macalister." He had called to give a few particular instructions on an important piece of business. But just as he was about to proceed, I begged that he would be so good as to hear me for an instant. "Surely Mr. MlcAlister surely " he said smiling, "but it must be on something very urgent, if it cannot wait till we have arranged this little affair." "I beg pardon Sir," I answered, " I do not wish to appear impertinent but allow me to say, a single word." " Well, if it must be so, I shall have much pleasure in hearing what you have got to say." " Mr. Lesop was here not many minutes ago, and he has left under the serious im- pression that I am mad." "I do not see what I have to do with that. I cannot help Mr. Lesop's im- pressions, who may be excused after the mad trick you recently played. Let me hope you have not been trying the same game again." "No Sir, you mistake. I was rather ailing when he came, and he saw at once I was out of sorts, but he began to talk such outrageous extravagance that I could not reslst, breaking into immoderate laughter which he did not perceive was caused solely by his own ludicrous absurdities, and he has rushed off in a panic to procure a cab that I may be instantly conveyed to my lodgings, being under the full conviction that I am either labouring under brain-fever or that I am in reality lunatic." "Ha! ha! ha! This is a rich story, a very rich story-one of the best I have heard for many a day ha! ha! ha !-But my dear Sir what have I got to do with Lesop's folly and your lunacy." "I thought it right Sir, to give you this explanation, as we might have been disagreeably interrupted when I was receiv- ing your instructions." " Yes, I see. But we waste time with this nonsense. Let us now proceed to business." We had not been long engaged, when the door was thrown violently open, when the driver of a cab, two porters, and a clerk from my Chief's own office made their appearance, Lesop cautiously bring- ing up the rear. The Chief obviously enjoyed the scene though he maintained his gravity marvellously throughout. "What ho! my friends he exclaimed, "how dare you enter a place like this in that rude manner ?" " We have comed please your honor" said whip " to take the madman to his lodgings, and them men has come to help if he should be partikler vicious.' "And what are you doing here?" he said casting his eye on his clerk. "Why Sir, Mr. Lesop called at our office, and declared that in consequence of this sad event, it was needful that one of us should come here till an arrangement could be made." "Then I have to tell all of you that you have come upon a useless errand, and I hope you will retire in better order than you came." " I'm jammed " replied whip "if I can make it out Bill," he cried to one of the men near the door " tell the gemman as brought us here to come forard and speak up." " My eye " said Bill " if the gemman hasn't bolted !" "Then we are done brown " returned whip, "but drat it, if I cotches him I'll make a madman of him, and no mistake, that's flat. Come men let us toddle, and we begs your honor's pardon for troubling you, and we be's happy that you are not mad." The good-natured Chief was so pleased with whip that he handed him a sovereign, and we could hear him say to his mate as they respectfully retired, " We'll melt it boys, w'ell melt it and drink his honor's health and confusion to all madmen." After this day, I never again saw Mr. Lesop. In the evening of the eventful day I sought an interview with Mr. Bumble in his own room. He welcomed me very graciously. " I trust " he said Mr. Macalister, things are now moving on smoothly and pleasantly with you. But there is a look of anxiety in that young face which I do not like to see." " I am anxious Sir, greatly anxious, and stand much in need of your friendly counsel. But I am afraid I trouble you too much with my affairs." " No trouble whatever Mr. Macalister, I wish you to know that it will afford me no ordinary satisfaction to be of use to you at any time or in any way. I sincerely hope however, that you have not involved yourself in some new difficulty." " I am sorry that I have got into a new difficulty. But I do not, think I have committed a great crime." " When you say so Mr. Macalister I am certain no grevious wrong has been done. Pray what is the matter ? I repeat that if I can assist you out of your difficulty you may command me." I then told of my finding and reading the letter, the nature of its contents, and that it was addressed to Mr. Lesop. As I was speaking, Mr. Bumlble listened with intense earnestness, and his usually placid face underwent a variety of change. When I had finished, he said calmly "You have got this letter Mr. Mac- alister ?" I answered in the affirmative. "Would you be so kind as to favor me with a sight of it?"' " Surely," I replied, and handed him the letter, which he read slowly and delib- erately, without moving a muscle of his countenance; and then, slowly and care- fully folding it up, he said, " Mr. Macal- ister, you may sometimes fall blindly into error; but you have just done the fittest thing possible in coming to consult me about this letter, which with your leave I shall take the liberty of appropriating." " I have no objection, sir, that it should be out of my custody. But what would you have me to do?" " I would have you to do-nothing." "Nothing !" " I will relieve you by taking the whole responsibility of this extraordinary docu- ment upon myself." " But-" " But what ? You require a reason for my conduct. You are entitled to it-and you shall have it. I need scarcely say, that our present conversation is strictly private and confidential. I know I can depend upon your honour. It appears from this letter which you have read, that there is a deep plot laid against the Breckenbury family to bring in, on the decease of His Lordship, a bastard --more likely a person not only born illegitimate, but who has not a drop of their blood in his veins. In the long absence of the nearest heir, con- cluded to be dead, this nefarious scheme wears a strong probability of success. But the nearest heir is not dead. I am that near- est heir-his Lordship's brother." " I started from my seat, and stared wildly in Mr. Bumble's face, believing for a moment that the whole world had gone mad." " Be seated," Mr. Macalister," he resumed, " be seated. Truth is strange-stranger than fiction." Family disagreements drove me from home, and I resolved that I would not return till after my brother's death, should I prove the longer liver. I have in my wan- derings baffled inquiry and strictly preserved my incognito as Mr. Bumble. I have not, however, been ignorant of the state of my brother's health. This I had learned from my confidential law agent, and did not need to obtain information on the point from this wretched letter. Let the person who has assumed our family name go on his mad errand. He will doubtless in due time meet his reward. But for the sake of the name he bears, I shall never, either prosecute him or his co-rogues for their damnable conspiracy. They may, however, live to shake in their shoes, and this at least they deserve to suffer, and if I live I shall so contrive, that they do not escap the the punishment. You will oblige me by recollecting , Mr. Macalister, that I am still Mr. Bumble, till I give you liberty to call me by another name."' The evening after this conversation, Mr. Bumble, as .we must still call him so, had occasion to be at Flemington. Returning leisurely in the moonlight, he was suddlenly attacked, knocked down and severely kicked, without being robbed, by two men with blackened faces. Fortunately, not long after, he was discovered by a party passing to town in a gig, who kindly conveyed him to his lodgings; which he reached in an almost senseless condition. 