I FACTS,, FUN, AND FANCY. ] WHATEVER Midas touched was turned into gold, In these days, touch a man "Wflji gold and he'll turn into anything. 'POMP'S NOSE NOT HUNGRY.' - A gentleman askod a negro boy if he wouldn't take a pinch of snuff. . No,' replied darky, very respectfully; 4me thank you; Pomp's nose not hungry!' THE Culpepper Observer says,' Wanted at this once, an editor who can please everybody. Also a foreman who can so arrange the paper as to allow every man's advertisements to head, the columns.' A SPIRITUAL INQUIRY.-Is it likely that ghosts talk in the dead languages ? -POJSCH. THE REASON WHY.-The editor of the Albany Express (American paper) says, the only reason why his dwelling was not blown away in a late storm was, be cause there wa$ a heavy mortgage on it. WHY is a dun like a woodcock? Because he bores with his bill. WHAT goes most against a farmer's grain ?-His reaping-machine. 4 WHAT a pity it is,' said a lady to Gar ric, * that you are not taller.' ' I should be happy, indeed,' replied Garric, * to be higer in your estimation.' NOTHING makes a young man so ashamed of himself as being caught at Doctors' Commons looking over the will of the father of the young lady whom he is courting 'from a feeling of the purest affection.' ODD FORESIGHT. - Lady Margaret Herbert asked somebody for a pretty pattern for a night-cap. ' Well,'said the person, * what signifies the pattern of a night- cap ?' 4 Oh, child,' said she, ' but you know, in case of fire.' SIR BOYLK ROCHE, the notorious blun derer, rose one day in the Irish House of Commons, an said, with a graver air than usual, ' i.r. Speaker, the profligacy of the times is such that little children who can neither walk nor talk may be ; seen running about the streets cursing j their Maker.' j 4 THAT'S part of the sinking fund,' as a chap said when a box of specie went to the bottom of the river. THE winds are responsible for many an unlucky blow. Miss TOODLKS says a friend of hers has invented a machine to remove old bachelors. Out of a good-sized, fat old bachelor, he can make quite a decent j young man, and have enough for two small puppies. A CONVENIENT NAP.-TWO Oxford scholars slept in the same room at college. 'Jack,' says one, early in the morning, ' are you asleep ?' * Why V replied the other. * Because, if you are not, I will borrow half-a-crown of you.' ' Then I am.' CARVING AND GILDING. 'You see,' said our host, as we enter'd his doors, ' I have furnish'd my house a la Louis Quatorze.' 4 Then I wish,' said a guest, 4 when you ask us to eat, You would furnish your board a la Louis Dixhuit. The eye, can it feast, when the stomach is starving ? Pray less of your gilding, and more of your carving.' AN AWKWARD MISTAKE.-A fine stone church was lately built in Missouri, upon the facade of which a stonecutter was ordered to cut the following as an in scription :-' My house shall be called the house of prayer.' He was referred, for accuracy, to the verse of Scripture in which these words occur; but, unfor tunately, to the scandal of the society, he transcribed the whole verse-'My house shall be called the house of prayer, but ye have made it a den of thieves.' ONCE upon a time there lived an old couple known far and wide for their in terminable squabbles. Suddenly they changed their mode of life, and were as complete patterns of conjugal felicity as they had formerly been of discord. A neighbour, anxious to know the cause of such a conversion, asked the gudewife to explain it. She replied, ' Me and the old man have got on well enough together ever since we kept two bears in the house.' 'Two bears!' was the perplexed reply. ' Yes, sure,' said the old lady,4 bear and forbear.' A CAT, having lost her kitten, followed a n utton-pie man. SYDNEY: Printed by SAMUEL BANCROFT, 149, York-street ; and publishes by H, B. LBE, 37, Park-street, (near Elizabeth- street)-Saturday, June 30, 186a 