THE BRIDGE. TO THE KDJTOB 07 THE IASTPBAL TIMES. SIB,—I subscribe to yonr vie-^s on the bridge question; but* Teally, were you not a leetle premature in saying, as yoil jdid in your last leader —"It is, we presume, nosecret that theattempi to build a bridge over the 'Edwards, at DenUi- quin, by i a Joint Stock Company! has proved a failure ? | Has any attempt to form a Joint Stock Company been actually made ? I have been on the look-out, week after week, for the appearance of thei prospectus in your journal— I need not say fruitlessly. I have made private inquiries, and cannot learn that a single meeting of the Committee appointed by the public has been held.; I don't care so much about the joint stock proposition, although 11 should have liked to see that plan carried out if possible; but if that proved a failure there ;was another scheme approved of, the responsibility of ini-j tiating which rested with the same CommitteeJ I suppose | the Secretary is the convener of the Committee. Is he neglectful of the duties of his honorary office ? or has he given up in despair ? Is the Committee impracticable, the Secretary incapable,] or are both indifferent ? The public ought to lpiow the worst. If this Committed won't do the: work entrusted to them, our only course is to elect another. I thought at the time that the Committee comprised a good selec-J tion of local notabilities ; but I; must confess that my confidence in the correctness of the vote I gave at the general meeting is rapidly waning. I wish < the Committee would take a leaf from the Wagga Wagga book. The bridge over the Murrumbidgee has been undertaken by men of action. No time has been lost by them. The great [majority of shares in their Company are taken up j and an Act of Incorporation is likely to pass this session. What period is to elajise before we attain the same state of progress ? The Committee are bound to act or to resign. | I do not want them to quit office, but 1 should like to have some proof that they have not altogether given up the ghost in their representative capacity. I am, &c.; DENILIQUIN. 