PARLIAMENTARY STLUMAEY. TUESDAY. MAY 15. In the Legislative Council The CHIEF SECRETARY having explained the policy of the Government, the Council adjourned till the following Tuesday. In the House of Assembly- -J A petition was presented from the inhabitants of Robe Town and vicinity, praying that a sum might be placed on the Estimates for the construction of a road through the township and the erection of a goods shed at the Jetty. The TREASURER stated that the Chief Secretary was the head of the Government and that no such office as Premier was recognized in the Constitution Act. Customs returns, returns of revenue and expenditure, report of the Board of Education, and report from Major Freeling upon the Snowy River Diggings, were laid upon the table of the House. The TREASURER made a lengthy statement in reference to the policy of the Government, upon which considerable discussion took place. MINISTERS HAVE MADE their debut, and, on the whole, satisfactorily. The ex- Ministers were delighted ; and, with the exception of a few querulous spirits, the new Government were greeted with general congratulation. Perhaps we ought at once to explain on what principle the late occupants of the Treasury benches were so well satisfied with the gentlemen who have succeeded to that position. The fact is, the "outs" lay claim to the policy of the "ins," the former ironically congratulating the latter upon their good sense and discrimination in preferring to wear the old clothes of their predecessors, Kgiher than risk the inconveniencies of misfits by attempting to shine in bran new suits. But the friends of the Government are not exactly satisfied with these backhanded compliments, and accordingly urge-first, that the policy of the new Government includes several important things not to be found in that of the old Government; secondly, that where the new Government have adopted the policy of the old Government, they have carried if much more fully out and thirdly, that what the old Government call their policy is, in reality, not their policy at all, but the property of the present Administration, by whom its leading provisions were vainly urged when those gentlemen were in opposition. It is further contended on behalf of the present Government that 'if they have succeeded in the space of one week in preparing as good a programme as took their predecessors six months to get ready, the public will not have much cause to complain. But here again the late Ministry retort upon their successors that they ought to have been prepared with a. policy even before ousting the Government recently in office, although they might very reasonably have demanded an extension of time to prepare their measures. All these distinctions we leave to our readers as useful intellectual gymnastics. The new Government take office avowedly on the principle of retrenchment, and we are happy to hear them say that they are prepared to make considerable reductions. The printed Estimates of their predecessors have been carefully gone through, and have been very materially reduced. So far this promises to be clear saving, although as we have not yet seen either the intended Estimates of the former Government nor those in course of preparation by the present, it is impossible to say to what extent retrenchments have been effected. "We understand the Chief Secretary to intimate that he'hadsucc^dedin reducing his department by the sum of £6,000, and of course the other departments will be dealt with on the same principle. A Bill to amend the Civil List, and to place all the responsible Ministers of the Crown on an equal footing as to salary, is also one of the new ministerial measures, and one certainly not included in the programme of the late Cabinet. It will be remembered that on the 4th instant we published an article strongly recommendatory of this course and although we are quite uninformed as to the extent to which the views set forth in that article are embodied in the ministerial programme, we are happy to find that the principle contended for is likely to be carried out. But we hope that Ministers will not deem it necessary to wait until the Queen assents to an amended Civil List before making needful and practical retrench- ments. They can at once equalize the salaries of the responsible Ministers by voluntary consent, inscribing them on the Estimates at the amount intended to be fixed in the Bill, themselves drawing their amount accordingly. It will be a long while before we can hope to get an amended Civil List returned from England in due legal shape ; but where there's a will there's a way ; and a really retrenching Government will, no doubt, be able to devise a method by which immediate retrenchments can be carried into effect. We are glad to learn that the Government intend to amalgamate the Harbour Trust Board, the Trinity Board, and the Marine Board, all at Port Adelaide. No doubt many more amalga- mation would be found practicable, expedient, and salutary. In fact, if the Ministry wish to have any money for public works, they must retrench; for they have a nearly empty Treasury chest to begin with, and a revenue that fell off to the tune of £19,683 in the last quarter. In this state of things it is not very invigorating to be informed (as we were on Tuesday), that the railway authorities want an excess vote of £17,000 and that the Water- works people are £10,000 minus. With a fail- ing revenue, short balances, deficits in public works, and a threatened exodus of the population, the colony certainly requires a firm and unflinching helmsman ; nor can we under the present state of things, regard the Treasury benches as exactly a bed of roses. We may here remark that the Treasurer proposes to issue colonial Exchequer Bills, bearing interest guaranteed on the general revenue of this province, and redeemable at 18 months or two years. In this way he hopes to carry out to completion those public works already in progress, without the intervention of foreign capital. It is proposed to sweep away ad valorem duties (amounting to upwards of £40,000 a year), and to abolish a considerable portion of the Port and harbor charges. Ministers did not say how they intended to make up the deficit about to be created in the revenue, and this omission was made the most of by captious foes and candid friends. It was, however, very generally, overlooked that the loss of revenue arising from the repeal of the ad, valorem duties would, to a considerable extent, be met by the important reductions about to be made so that probably not more than £20,000 of new taxes will be required to replace the larger sum sacrificed. We are not sure, however, that even this will be necessary, but as the Treasurer has promised to tell all about it on Thursday, we can hardly deny him so short a term of grace. Pilotage, as at present conducted, will cease, it being proposed that pilots should be licensed as cabmen are, their fares being regulated by authority, and their services only to be put in requisition when requested by captains, who will then have to pay them. The details of these various measures are not in our possession ; but the effect will be to remove nearly all the charges now affecting shipping arriving at Port Adelaide; to economise greatly our marine administration, to liberalize our tariff much beyond those of the neighboring colonies, and, in effect, to transfer to the charge of the revenue the interest upon the £100,000 expended in improving Port Adelaide harbor, and hitherto supposed to be provided for by means of the various does. No doubt the policy of the present Government will greatly advance the Port and mercantile interests, and as such will meet with extensive support. Two or three of the minor measures included in the programme of the late Government will be introduced by their successors, and two or three other small measures will be added. The Commissioner of Public Works has given promise of a new Main Roads Bill, a courageous act for a new beginner, and one of the coming dangers of which we heartily wish him deliver- ance. Mr. A. Blyth in jubilant terms proclaimed how happy he was that no Free Distillation Bill, no Land Bill, no Direct Taxation Bill need be apprehended ; but the Treasurer suggested that although no measures of this kind were at present on the programme, the late Commissioner of Public Works had better not halloo till he was out of the wood. - ; One statement made by the Treasurer took the House by surprise. The hon. gentleman said that he found that the ex-Commissioner of Crown Lands had, by the very last homeward mail, remitted £15,000 for immigration. Mr. Townsend took fire at the statement, and said that such an act alone, had there been no other reason, would have induced him to have voted the late Ministry out of office. Mr. ex-Com- missioner Milne justified the step, stating that the amount was only the balance of the £20,000, voted by Parliament for this purpose, and that the arrivals would take place in October, November, and December next, when, in all probability, there would be an exodus to the Snowy River diggings, and when the new arrivals would be most useful in getting in the crops. This was like oil and wine to the wounded spirit of Mr. Sutherland. But alas for human joys the new Treasurer stated that he should, by this mail, countermand the order, and prohibit the Emigration Agent spending the money ! Mr. Dutton was incomprehensibly sarcastic, propelling his shafts in quick succession at every member of the Ministerial benches, as though he had been the whole previous Administration himself, and had been hurled out of his five chairs of office by the Goths and Vandals who now usurped them. In fact, Mr. Dutton, not content with, scarifying the Government, assailed the " twenty- three" by whom the late Ministry was upset, and who, since achieving that coup de main, had held a fourteen days' sitting at the Napoleon Bonaparte. He quarrelled with Mr. Reynolds, wept over Mr. Bagot, and poured forth his bitterest satire upon Mr. Strangways. The latter gentleman was, indeed, gently admonished from various quarters ; but he was mercilessly taunted by Mr. Dutton, as having immortalized himself by his opposition to the Real Property Act,' which now he was willing to espouse. Mr. Strangways, however, by a few well directed retorts brushed away some of the sarcasms levelled against him and with regard to Mr. Dutton's homily upon con- sistency, reminded the hon. member that devoted as he now appeared to be to the Real Property Act, he was once its opponent, and actually voted in the minority of seven against its third reading, on the 15th of December, 1857. With regard to the Real Property Act we cannot say we are satisfied at the attitude taken by the legal members of the Government. They still dislike the Act ; but they engage to support any measure of amendment that Mr. Torrens and his coadjutors may propose. Perhaps, however, it is best that those who framed the Act, and those who are working the Act, should themselves amend it and as Mr. Torrens has two legal advisers on his staff, and two non-legal Commissioners, we apprehend that not the slightest difficulty need arise in making the measure all that is necessary. The legal members of the Assembly seem to think that as Mr. Torrens and his non-professional supporters have had all the honor and glory of the movement hitherto, they had better have it to the end and the utmost we now look for is that those Ministers who are members of the legal profession will not, in their places in Parliament, obstruct the emendation of the measure. In attempting to give a hasty sketch of the general debate, we are necessarily precluded entering minutely into any one question ; but we shall have time enough for this, and our readers may rest assured that we shall not overlook any question calling for discussion at our hands. THE OPPOSITION of a week ago are the Government of to-day, and we shall now see whether hon. gentlemen will change their policy with their seats ; or whether the trammels of office will prevent their carrying out those views which they enunciated and upheld when independent members. We hope that will not be the case at all events the new Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay) has this day a good opportunity of shewing that his views as a private member are not altered when becoming a member of the Administration. Before Mr. Hay occupied the position he now holds, he tabled the following notice of motion : " That, in the opinion of this House, it would be highly inexpedient and impolitic for the Government to appoint any person who has had a seat in Parliament to any place of profit or emolument under Government until twelve months has intervened after he has sat in Parliament, unless requested to do so by an address to His Excellency the Governor from an absolute majority of the members of this House, recommending the appointment." This is the very first notice on the paper for to-day (Wednesday), and of course we expect that Mr. Hay will not be deterred from bringing it forward because he is a Cabinet Minister. The hon. gentleman brought forward a similar motion last session ; but it was not passed, because it appeared to aim directly at two members of the then existing House- we refer to Messrs. Macdermott and Peake. Now, however, there is nothing personal in the morning; but it involves a great principle, and is really essential to the existence of a honest and incorruptible Legislature. If members of Parliament are eligible to accept Government appointments directly a session is over all that a minister has to do is to intimate that probably, or possibly, such and such a situation will be open, and if he does not secure a vote, he at least disarms an opponent. The history of the last Parliament is a sufficient illustration of this and we say again, that con- stituencies will ever be liable to be sold if snug billets at comfortable salaries are dangled before the eyes of needy representatives. Mr. Dutton has given notice of an amendment the effect of which will be entirely to emasculate Mr. Hay's proposition. Mr. Dutton proposes that a member of Parliament shall not be at liberty to accept any newly created office, or any office the salary of which has been newly increased. According to this, to traffic in new offices is abominable to traffic in old offices quite proper to reward obsequiousness by appointing to an office the salary of which has been raised from £300 a year to £350 is shameful ; but to reward political truculence by appointing to a situation with a salary of £500, and not raised, is highly expedient ! We have, however, no fear of Mr^utton's proposition being carried and we hope that Mr. Hay's will be. Orrs SUMMARY FOR EiTBOPE.-Although the mail for Europe is announced to close at 7 on Saturday morning, we have finally decided to delay the publication of our Summary until that morning, as it is eminently desirable to have the Adelaide Summaries bearing date, if possible, two days after the Summaries published in Melbourne. The fact of the news arriving in England from this colony being two days later than from Melbourne, tends greatly to uphold the present postal arrangements and as we find by experience that the " Summary" is generally quoted as our latest date, we have resolved upon delaying the issue of the Summary until the last possible moment. If our customers, will on Friday forward the addresses of parties to whom they wish the Summaries to be sent, we will undertake to have them duly posted, or slips for covers may be obtained at this office, on which purchasers of Summaries can themselves write the addresses, and leave them for our publisher to deal with on Saturday morning. A little forecast will suffice to obviate disappointment, and at the same time enable us to issue our Summary of two days' later date than our Victorian contemporaries. THE PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY The usual monthly meeting of this Society was held at White's Rooms, [on Tuesday evening, May 15, the Rev. G. H. Farr in the chair. About fourteen members were present. In the absence of Mr. J. H. Clark, Mr. Smeaton acted as secretary, and read the minutes of the previous meeting, after which Mr. Whitridge was requested to read his promised paper on "Some obscure mental phenomena." He stated that he had been unable, through preoccupation, to prepare a regular paper, but had provided himself with a few notes which would have to answer as a substitute, Mr. Whitridge introduced the theory that minds, or some portion of the existing human being which was not body, had the faculty of communicating or being communicated with by another spirit, if it might be so called, through other media than the material senses. In support of which hypothesis he adduced the frequently occurring fact of a person's appearance simultaneously with the circumstance of his being thought of or spoken about, and many recorded and apparently well authenticated facts were quoted to prove this opinion. Dreams were also stated to be the condition of the body in which many of these communications were received, and instances were narrated of slumberers visited by the apparition of their relatives at the moment of their death. These, Mr. Whitridge considered, were evidences, either of a great degree of sensitiveness on the part of the recipient of the communication, or of aggressive power of the same sensitive character on the part of the communicant. We cannot follow Mr. Whitridge through his somewhat difficult, but certainly very interesting lecture on the probability that if ghosts were not a reality, they were as much so as many or most appearances on which we place reliance, or receive as facts through the medium of our senses. Mr. Whitridge enquired "if it were possible to have impressed on the retina of the eye the appearance of a sensible object, conveyed by the nerves to the brain (how, it was impossible to say), was it not equally possible that the brain had the power of reproducing that object again on the retina!" The arguments were too numerous and too delicate to be inserted in a hasty notice. The remainder of the lecture consisted of what are usually described as wonderful coincidences, but which Mr. Whitridge considered to be actual communications, Mr. Dewhurst related some extraordinary circumstances connected with the death of a brother of his on the coast of Africa several years ago, and Mr. Owen narrated a remarkable dream which he had of a shipwrecked brotbjgjajçlaw, in the year 1850. Mr. Wells (a visitor) endeavoured to show that the ghostly theory was based on-superstition, in proof of which he stated that the character of the ghosts which had been stated to have appeared varied with the period. Mr. Francis imagined he could - explain all the wonderful dreams which had received a remarkable fulfilment simply as unusual coincidences, and the ap- paritions as the result of pork suppers, or any other similar causes of indigestion. The discussion was a very interesting, and at times a very amusing one, and although no definite decision appeared to be arrived at, the lecture had the effect of introducing a topic which perhaps will bear further ventilation. 