NOMINATION FOR WINDSOR Electorate in tot ensuing Pai-llemaat, wa mads yasterday, aHbeOo_<.bo_*y Windsor. ? *fct-jrsosjdisgs «cited "nsidermble interest, the» batos; between thr»Md fosr bundrtd personsJ present, very many Ming resldShts of Parramatta, drawn from their Homes by the prospect of a sharp contest. The Heturnlng- offlcer, Mr. Laban White, opened the meeting by reading the writ ; and stated that the present being an important era in the history of the colony, it behoved them W weigh well the merits of the candidates who offered themselves for election. This could only to done by giving the candidates a talr and impartial hearing, and on that account, he Unsted that they wpnld listen patientiy, and so judge of the relative value of the gentlemen who were betöre them, Mr. THOMAS MAESDIN proposed Mr. Walker as a fit and j proper person to represent the electorate, and said that he would not have ottered a word against the other candidate had it not been for the tirade of atrase that Mr. Byrnes had indulged in Isst night. He had abtrsedMr. Walker and Mr. Walker's friends to the very nttaoit, ,< At, all events, Mr. Walker's votes were honest, and consistent, and not like those of Mr. Byrnes, given only at the order of his master, who sent a trsin for him- 'whenever he was required. (Cheers and yells.) Mr.' Byrnes had last night promised to support the construction of a railway to Windsor ; bnt only a few days ago, on the Parramatta hastings, he had said that he wonld have no railway anywhere until "toe Southern railway was made to Albury. (Great disturb- ance.) Mr. Byrnes had been absent from sixty-nine divisions, and never attended except when wanted by the Ministry ; and aider all the circumstances, considering the manner in wbioh he had treated his Parramatta con- stituents who had returned him, he booed they would serve him as Mr. Darvall had been served a few days ago, and send him back to his own place. Mr. THOMAS TKDDUTT seconded the nomination, con- sidering that Mr. Walker had been a very excellent iocs! member, and for that reason he supported him. Mr. THOMAS PRIMROSE said he had the utmost confidence in the gentleman he waB abont'to propose, for he bad watched his career in Parliament, and bad always noticed that he voted on the right side, and for the Interests of the poor man. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) They had been for years trying to obtain the liberty of the land-(cheers aud groans)-and now was the time to pnt men in the House who would advocate a liberal land law. The squatter had the right of free selection at 20s. an acre, but we had not the right at £20 an acre. (Hear, hear.) They only wanted a portion of the reserves, and did not desire to go npon the land which was under lease. He begged to propose Mr. James Byrnes as the most fit and proper person to re- present t hem in Parliament (Cheers and groans.) Mr. BICHABD DUNSTAN sesended the nomination. Mr. WALKER came forward, and was received with mingled and prolonged cheers, groans, and disturbance. He bad, ia the first place to thank them for the handsome manner ia which he waa received, because, notwithstand- ing the efforts made by certain obscure individuals -(great cheers and outcry)-that reception assured him that it was trne ss had been told him, that hadjt not been for one single vote he had given, not a man in the country wonld have stood the ghost of a chance against him. (Benewed disturbance and cheers.) It had been asserted by certain individuals who considered themselves great men in this town-(great outcry, which continued for soree minutes, and ended in a fight at the lower end of the Court-bouse.) It was not his intention to make any refer- ence to the gentleman who bad thought it his duty to come here to oppose him. He did not intend to i rest his claim to their support upon any- thing he could say in abuse of another. Moreover, he isgretted exceedingly that personalities had been intro- duced into this contest, and assured them that it had been opposed to his wishes. No, he relied solely upon his own merits-bis own honesty and integrity of purpose as evinced during bis parliamentary career, and open nothing else. He should not attack Mr. Bj mes, notmske any al-usion to him further than to say that the precedent which that gentleman bai drawn for his present candida- ture from the example of Mr. O'Shanaasy's election for Kilmore Was no precedent at all, because Mr. O'shanassy had not been elected for Melbourne when proposed as a candidate for Kilmore, but had been proposed solely be- cause it wes expected that he weuld be beaten in Melbourne. Had Mr. Byrnes been beaten in Parramatta, or had Mr. Oakes, who had been rejected, come forward as a can- didate, be would not have been surprised. He need not refer te the frantic efforts that bad been made to obtain candidates to come out and oppose him, but not one of those who bad been applied to bad been game to face it, until Mr. Byrnes bad been found. (Cheers and riot.) He quite admitted that be anticipated opposition, for, he eiptcted that some of the rejected of other con- stituencies would have endeavoared to displace him. He knew that several persons had been applied to, and that two of these were squatters, (Great disturbance, and " Name.") Mr. Bidge, who is a squatter, was applied to, and another squatter now in this court-house. Kow, how- ever great the outcry against the squatters, it seemed thst his opponents were willing enough to make a handle of them when it suited. It showed, moreover, that the oppo sli ion to himself was not one ot principle, but one of a mejre personal character. So much was this the cat«, that some of his opponents actually took objection to his personal appearance. (Cheers and outcry ) This was the paltry nature ot the opposition he had to contend against ; bnt luckily he defied them, for he knew that he had done his duty, and tha,t the people at large were aware of It. He knew where their votes would place bim on Batnrday next. (Cheers and groans.) This was all he had to say in reference to Mr. Barnes, and wonld not have said so much, but that he felt It dne to himself, for Mr. Byrnes was a gentleman whpse private character he had always bighlv respected. Now to come to the question at issue. The principle reason of the opposition got up against bim was stated to be because he bad voted in favour of a certain amend- ment to the Land Bill. (Cheers and groans ) It had been industriously circulated that he had voted against the Land Bil). (Cheers, groans, and cries.) He had done nothing of the kind. (Benewed outcry.) It was false to say that he had voted against the Bill, and those who said it knew it to to talse. (Cheers and dis- turbance ) Yet this was the way his oppo 1 nents went about seeking to injure him in the opinion of the electors. (Cheers and noise ) He had voted on the Land Bill in strict accordance with the principles be bad enunciated during his canvass, and on the hustings at his last election. He had certainly voted for an amend- ment moved on the 13th clause of the bill, but that was not voting against the bill. It could not be expected that a bill auoli as the Land Bill could go through the House without amendment; and even now with the members that bad beea sent in to support it, they would find that it would he so amended in committee as'soarcely to be recognisable by its tramera. The only wish he bad ever | had had been to see such a bill passed as wonld, in his opinion, have been a benefit to all cluses of the commu- nity -. bnt not auch a sham and delusion as that whioh had been introduced last session. For this reason he had voted for the insertion of the words " after survey." (Great disturbance.) And he wonld remind those Who mads so treat an ontcry abont free selection, that there was nothing abont free sélection in the bill. (Great opposi- tion and cries of " Tes," and " No.") There was no such word there, the term being " conditional sale," (Great noise ) upon this point he had voted after the best con- sideration he osuld give to the question ; it was of no per. sonal interest to bim, he had nothing to do with squatting, therefore though any of them might think that be bad done wrong in the vote he bad given, they moat admit that he had acted conscientiously, and at the same time in accordance with the principles he bad announced at the election. (Prolonged cheers ) He had then, as he wonld always do, honestly stated his opinions, and If he had broken any pledge, or violated any promise, it would be easy enongh for them to point ont where he had done so. He hsd told them from the hustings, at the last nomina- tion, that he was in favour of selection after survey, and to ensure the people from delay that ne advocated the survey of large areas, in such a way as thst the survey should always lie in advance of the demand. That wai the principle that had been adopted In Victoria and in all the other Australian colonies ; and sprely this example might to allowed to toa good guide for] us. Bnt because he had voted as he had told them when elected that he should veto, it wss at once said " Oh, you voted against free selection." This was altogether false. (Cheers and groans.) He hsd not opposed free selection, on the contrary, be was favourable to it-the only question being that it should to after instead of to fore survey. (Great disturbance.) However, when he had been elected, there had been no question raised about this free selection ; no one knew or cared a pin abont it, and all this excitement had, for a purpose, been since got op. He had always held, as he held now, that it wss much totter for a man to have the boundaries of his land defined when he took possession of it, than to haye a dispute about boundaries afterwards. (Cheers and outcry.) He had supported selection after survey. New he quite admitted that he might to wrong, though ho aid not think so. However, he was not infal- lible, bnt if he had been wrong could they blame bim, seeing thst he hsd told them bow he intended to vote at the time when they elected him. (Cheers and cries' of "yes" and " no.") As he had stated in the House, he had n0 very strong opinions on the question, his only desire being todo the best be could for the country, and that oinsequeutly as so many seemed to desire it, he wonld not object to give free selection a trial even before survey. (Great and con- tinued distnrbsace, "jon did notsay that In the House.") He was telling them now what he had said in the Home that he would give a trial to free selection before survey, if it wereconfiBed to the first and second olasa settled dis- tricts. (Cheers and groans.) That was his opinion, but be would go no farther than this: (Benewed outory.) On this he stoked his election, and he wonld rather lose it than turn ronnd and for the parpóse of catching a stray vote say he waa in favour of unlimited free selection. (Cheers, groans, and ontcry ) He stood upon this, and he wonld say further, that if Ministers bad bees content to confine the free selection to the first and second class settled dis- tricts, the Lend Bill wonld now bave been the law ot the land. Neither he nor any of those gentlemen who had spposed selection before survey wonld have done so it it hsd been thus limited. (Cheers and noise) In that case the selector would have bad maps to guide him in choosing his land, instead of going into the far interior-he knew net whither-to bis own ruin. And ss to such selection being fer the benefit of the farmer, it was all nonsense, because none knew better than they that it wonld not pay to go farming in the far interior. (Cheers,' and great disturbares.) Thon again, there was" no Word ef free sslectio* in the bill; ' eeíecttoo; .tai * «toltUiig'* nfcrt i,'»,>_« » ^;t -j-_v,-i:i It iwaa' surrounded ' by tonmertDleycdndltton» «hieb, hampered it. and made '«Um to'wort hampered it, and mwiSwiM to'wortíileta. ' Theism danae spoke of » "conditional" ealer thus referring to the concluons contained taithoWthelatue; i(Preatdlitnrb: am.de. "No, BO.» "Yes." Cheers and groans) Pirat tbe selector mut m»kelmprevementa to » certain value, then there must be a bona fldereeidenee of three years, and the) telector must reside/or twelve months before he could dispose of his claim. Manj persona imagined that the money «old be paid at once and the deed obtained, bat ttw could do nothing of the kind, for tbey must oomply with tbe couditlons. And, after all, the miserais were re* served, to that if gold wire discovered on it, it would be resumed by the Government. At the end of three yean, if tie selector could not pay the balanee of purchase money, he wai chargea with interest by way of rental, thru becom In* »tenant of the Crown-» »t»te of things that would soon laiM np » race of aerfa of the Crown, M ? few years of bad Crops and ill-success would show. At the end of all, if every one of the oonditlOBS waa not complied with, tbe land was retained bj the Government. Now did tbey consider that to be a liberal bill. (Cheers »nd noise.) Rather te»n this he would give the selector his land at a -ueb lower rate, or even tor nothing, io long »a » man went upsn it as a bona fide cultivator. (Cheers and groans.) It was mncb better to do this than to delude » man to his ruiu, for ruin it would be to go into < the bush; (Cheers and groans ) However, he should not stand ia the way of giving . trial to free leleotion before survey In the settled and intermediate districts, where, there were roads iand maps to guide them. On the banka of navigable etreams it might be given also; and with the immense'are» here' included there would be no necessity to go 'beyond it for, many j ears to come. With regard to selection before surrey, a sufficient number of members bad been already returned to carry it, and there were many other subjects to come before the House which he was sorry to say had been forgotten in this excitement. There waa the reoonatroction of the Upper House, that must be decided upon, and they all knew that when the Constitution Act was being passed he had taken an active part in getting np a petition for making that House elective. That petition waa not regarded, and now, in consequence of the recent dissolution, there was no hope of getting »bill passed for the parpóse. It must be passed by May next, and with the Estimates and the Land Bill before the House, the Upper House Bill would stand but » small chance of being attended to. Tbla bad been the effect of a dissolution whlon had been quite unnecessary because if any strong demonstration had been made by the public the Land Bill could have been so modified aa to meet the popular view. Nothing of the kind bad been done, the country, bad remained per- fectly quiescent, until at laat it anited the purposes of the Ministry to dissolve, and then the country was put to the expense and inconvenience of . general election. Should he be returned, he would do his best to get a bill pasaed for placing the Upper Home on an elec- tive basis ; axd in order to do this he would accept of any principle so that it were baaed on election. On this sub led bis views agreed very muoh with these expressed by Mr. Parkes, namely, that members were to be elected by large constituencies, that they should retire by rotation, »nd that they should possess some quail» fication. Borne fault had been found with him by some of bia former supporters on account of one vote he had given ; and he found in »leading article with whioh he bad been honoured in one of the daily papers that reference had been made to the same thing. Now this led him to conceive that the game of his opponents must be » very desperate one when they were compelled to get leading articles written to help them. In this article allusion was made to the matter of Mr. Lyons, . magistrate of Mudgee, which he had been requested to bring under the notice ot Parliament. It appeared that when Mr- Robertson was starring it in llu'dgee several persons had asked him to give up certain papers in reference to Mr. Ljons, »nd to charges made against that gentleman. Of course he promised to do so, bat when he got to Sydney, he fonnd that Mr. Lyons was a very -strong supporter or tbe member for Mudgee, »nd »s tbe member for Mudgee was a very strong supporter of the Government, the papers were refused. This being the case, the matter bad heen placed in his hands : and in moving for the papers, he bad been compelled to refer to the fact of Mr. Lions having' once filled the post of constable. He had done this, and no more, and had made no disrespectful allusion to him on that score ; but, as the papera were Bald to charge thia gentleman with proceedings of » diahonest or diireoutable character, it was necessary, as I this gentleman waa a magistrate, that the country should know whether such waa the case or not, and whether the charges were made on sufficient or insufficient grounds This vu »11 he bad done, and he jeould hardly see much ground for fault-finding in this. (Cheers and noise.) Other mattera bad been brought againat him, all of >the same trilling nature, and evidently showing the lameness of the opposition with which be was met. He might say, however, in reference to tire vote he had given against the suspension of the standing orders, in order that the Gold Export Duty Repeal Bill might be passed through all ita stages in one aight ; that be liad done so because the coarse taken waa a very extraordinary one, and one that ought not to be taken except on some very urgent occasion. Now, if the Standing Orders bad leen sus- pended and the bill passed, it would not have bee» one whit advanced, because, to become law, it would have to be passed, not only by the Assembly but by the Legisla- tive Conseil aa well, and that House had been adjourned forja week on the very night that this bill WasasKed to be passed. 1 boa the objection taken to him on this ground waa so puerile that he was sure it could not damage him with the electors. It waa almost unnecessary for him to allude to the many matters of interest to them that he had attended to since he had had . seat In Par- liament, short as that lime bad been ; but they must be »wire tnat in all local matters be bad lost no opportunity of advocating the interests of this town. Ia regard to the Benevolent Asylum, the Telegraph, and the Railway, be had done his utmost for the diatrict. He had no par- ticular deaire to re- enter Parliament, for be did so at great inconvenience and at some sacrifice on his part, but when so many of his old supporters had come forward and asked him again to represent them, he felt that he ought not to refuse them. And now, if tbey »gain returned biro, he could tell them that he would go in an Indepen- dent member, pledged to support no man or set of men, a joint in the tail of no political leader; his only duty being, to the best of his ability and in the way which his conscience dictated, to advance the interests not of any one class, but .( the whole community. He desired to see this yonng and vigorous country become . great and prosperous nation, »nd Australia's sobs a mighty people, and to that end he would do his best to maintain tbe credit of the free institutions of the country, and not to suffer them to become . byeword »nd » acorn. It bad leen aaid in . puerile bat scurrilous handbill that had been circulated in reference to him, that » oertain association in Bvdney had advanced the money to pay bis expenses. This he declared to be utterly leise. (Cheers and groans) He intended »nd»lwaysh»dao, to pay his »wn expenses, for though acme of his friends In Richmond »nd Windsor, en- tirely unconnected with any association had preferred to pay his expenses, conceiving it to be . hard thing that he should be pat to the trouble »nd cost of . contested elec- tions, after holding a seat for so brief » time, he had re- fused tbeir assistance. (Cheeta «nd groans.) It waa on true then to aay that »ny person was paying hie expenses. (Great uproar.) He contested this election on his own responsibility, »ed was prepared to do so to the utmost. (Great cheering.) He had now to thank them for the patient and impartial manner in whioh they had listened to him, aa weil as for the entboaiastio manner in which they had received him. Theae he looked upon aa an omen of success. Though he did tot pretend to »nj very large amount of talent, yet, if elected, he would do all in hia power to serve them and the colon} at large honestly and »s his conscience dictated. (Loud cheering »nd groaning ) In anawer to . question from Mr. JOHN M'QuADg, who waa bowled »nd yelped at for . considerable time by the fiee and independent electors in the body of the Court, Mr. WALKER said he promised Mr. John Cunningham, in order to obtain hia name on bia committee, that he woald support free ae'ection ,ia the settled »nd intermediate dis- tricts. He would not support the Synod Bill in its present shape. Mr. BYRNES then rame forward and was received with cheers »nd groans, but the friendly manifestations at length overpowered the yells »nd howls. He said ho waa exceedingly sorry any noise should have caused disturb- ance in the meeting whilst Mr. Walker was speaking, and that the gentleman who nominated hie opponent abonld have stepped out of hia way to make »Ilusiona to him (Mr. Byrnes) »a to what he bad said »t the meeting he attended last night. He woa'd tell tbem how it came to pass that he referred to Mr. Walker M all. When be first came into Windsor, he at once declared it was not his intention to find fault with Mr. Walker in any shape whatever. He had nothing whatever to de with bim. He had been invited here by . ?amber of electors, »nd »t their instance he made his ap pesrarce before them. He felt indebted to Mr. Walker tor his very gentlemanly conduct towards him to-day (hear, hear,)-and should think it base io the extreme in him were he to make »ny reference to Mr. Walker that would be offensive to him-(hear, hear,)-or hia friends. Although invited to come forward by » number of the electoia »nd to present himselr »s s candidate, be should not have been here had It not been for the fact, that Mr. Walkerand be disagreed on one of the main principles of Mr. Robertaon'a Land Bill. (Uproar, which lasted for » couple of minutes.) He should now proceed to notice the disputedl pointa with reference to the Lind Bill. There were only two or three clauses of the bill that he weald refer to. Tbe first clause was passed-the second and third postponed The fourth provided that the Governor, with the advice of tbe Executive Council might, by notice in tbe Government Gasette, in cases wbeie reserves were improperly made, rewind tbem. The fifth, which was passed, related to the dedication ef pnblio lands, and reserved to the squatters the entire right to their squattages during their leases, without let or hindrance from those who might free select under the 13th clause. But it preserved also «the right they had secured of being permitted to purchase 640 seres of land at . price not less than 80s. A squatter could select this land in »ny part of bli run of twenty-five miles ; so that »11 the squatter could require bad been secured to him, and to attempt to throw dust into tha es es of the public »boat the squatters' rights had entirely,'«lied. (Hear, hear.) A cry had been got up that the squattera would be rained, and that tbe tree , sekotor would pick out the eyes of the country, and'so reader the, squattages useless. Stich a thing could not be cob« ander this biO.. The seventh clause of the bill waa' passed, the eighth atiuek ont, the ninth' passed »nd the "nth. Under the old surveys of the 1 country,* ""-whettf .'grantsn were '' «t&te; s to ', penong >(ler, ,fito .'.eMoUon,' bjtfUté-liyé -'ionien) -Jug»' 'reserves, were made, in some instances perfectly useless .for., roads and other places known as drift ways. The tenth clsnse provided that the Government Of the day - Should be enabled to sell to the proprietors or the adjacent ; lands, the tend reserved in this useless way, at a valuation to bi arrived at by two valuators. I Hear, hear, and con- fusion.) The eleventh and twelfth clauses were passed. The thirteenth waa that opon which the House wss dis- solved. (Hesr, hear.) There was an amendment pro rosed by Mr. Robertson, which passed the House, toi the effect that, land within the first or second olsss settled district* and which might to! legally withdrawn from lease, *c, should be open for conditional sale by selection. It was here, at this part of the clause that Mr. Hsy introduced the words .. after survey, as hereinafter provided." (Hear, hear, and uproar.) Ur. Walker voted for'Mr, Hay's amendment,! and he sgalnst it. The party with whom he voted wished to keep the clause as it was introduced by Mr. Botortson s the party with whom Mr. Walker voted wished the amend- ment of Mr. _lay to to contained . in the clause, in order that BO selection should be made by .t.y individual who wished to become a bona fide settler unless the lend was previously surveyed. (Hear, hesr, and groans from the body or the court) The whole question was In a nutshell. (Cheers,) Those who went with Mr. Botortson wished to reserve to all classes of the communitv the right to enter upon the great re- serves of toe country without let or hindrance, to pay their deposit: register their claims and the temporary boundaries at tee land- agent's offloe, and to take up the land at once. (Great cheering.) The great difference between the two , plans' was this : The individual wishing to settle down went ont and marked his boundaries, and became possessed or his land after paying his deposit ; that was free selection. (Hesr, hesr.) Mr. Walker would desire to see blocks of land surveyed end then would permit individuáis to go ont and select some particular patch ssy from forty to 320 acres, and either submit it to public competition, or allow him to settle, down upon it according to some other plan. (Mr. WALKXI : "No competition.") The plan of Mr. Botort- son wonld secure to the selector the right to become pos- sessed of bis land without any difficulty/ He could rot understand the cry that free selection was a shsm snd a delusion. (Hear, hear.) There confd be no sham about tbe man's having the right to go upon the great reserves of the country, and to make his home ripon them. (Cheers) There was no delusion In this, because it was a reality. (Cheers) By paying bis deposit, he!could fix himself, settle down, and cultivate his land. (Loud cheers ) Another cry was that the poor man was delnded by this bill, but he would tell them what Mr. Henry O'Brien, who waa returned for Yass, said the other day. He said he was entirely in favour of free selection before survey, because he knew, from his own experience, there wss no possibility of getting land surveyed, for he himself, after selecting a piece or land, had to wait six years before It was surveyed. (Hear, hear.) In Mr. Botortson's bill, there wonld be ne delay of this kind ; and then there was another oíanse in the other Land Bill whloh bore «pen this clause, and without which it would to or very 'little service, under existing regulations, no matter what quantity of land a man might purchase, as' long as< it was under 640 acres, he had not the right to graze upon adjacent land. (Hear, hear.) Not so witb|the Isrgepurchasers who bad under pre-emptive right the power to take three times as much land as they bad purchased. (Hear, hear.) But the man who bought less than 640 acres had not an inch to graze upon,, But Mr. Robertson's lsnd bill secured to the small purchaser the same right that had all along been conceded to the Isrge landed proprietors of the country. He wonld have the right to take three times the quantity he had purchased for grazing purposes. (Hear hear, and cheers.) The dance which granted this boon was the twelfth of the Crown Lands Occupation Bill. (Hear, hear.) This clause allowed any holder in fee simple of any lands to lease Crown lends adjacent, without competition, for £2 per section of 640 acres, and three times the amount of his purchased lsnd. This to the small purchaser was of the utmost importance, and however the bill might to denounced by some persons who had an object to serve, the great object of this bill was to secure to all classes of the community equal rights and privileges. (Cheers.) It had been the one great desire of air. Robertson's heart from the first day he entered political lite to place the landa of this colony upon suoh a osais that all olasses of the community could enjoy under the ' laws of the land equal rights and privileges with the great landed proprietors and squatters of the country. (Hear, hesr, snd cheers ) Therefore it was their duty on the present occasion, and the duty of all the electors, in fairly considering this land question, to return only those indi- viduals who wonld support the present administration in carrying out this land bill. Their interests were at stake -(he entire interests of the whole people of New South Vales were at stake, and net only those of their children, but of their children's children. What ministers had secured to tbem the right to vote for members of Parlia- ment T The Cowper administration-(cheers)-which was nohr pledged if possible to carry this land bill through, so BB to give the people an oppertunitv of providing homes for themselves, and fer their children's .children. (Hesr, hesr, and cheers.) Therefore it was for them to decide whether they would return Mr. Walker or himself. He had no part ten ar purpose to serve, and if returned he should to at all times ready and willing to do justice to tbem, as he would to the whole colony. He should not attempt to plume himself upon any votes he hsd given, beyond this, that he voted for free selection before, survey, and Mr. Walker for free selection after survey. That waa the issue they were to try. This question had been referred to the country,' and tie people had spoken eut unmistakeably upon the subject. (Hear, hear.) The Ministry finding they were defeated in the House, believed it to be their duty to appeal to the country upon this great question. In doing so at the wish of the Governor-General, who waa an xious funds should be obtained to carry on toe Government of the connh>, they submitted themselves to the greatest pos- sible amount of ignominy on the part of their opponents, snd almost stooped to every sort of insult in order to obtain a sufficient amount of money to carry on the works of the country during the dissolution. But they were unable to obtain it, and at last dissolved the House ; and the con- duct of the Governor-General in consenting to a dissolu- tion entitled bim to the approval of the country. He sbculd not now touch upon any other subjects, but would to willing to answer any questions that might be put to him. (Hear, hear.) An Elector enquired whether, in the event of a van paying down the full amount of £1 per acre, he would to erabled under Mr. Botortson's bill, to procure an uncon- ditional title to the land selected? Would the Govern- ment to prepared to issne the title deeds ? Mr. BYRNES said that no doubt the Government wonld to quite willing to receive the additional 75 per cent., if the purchaser insisted on paying it a.t onoe instead cf having credit. (Groans, cheers, and great confusion.) In reply to another-lector, Mr. BTBNEB said it was true that be had objected to the construction of the Western and Northern Ballway s, until such time as the Southern line was completed.- (Great uproar.) It was of vital importance that we should push on with the main trnnk line to Albnry. but the other lines could stand for awhile. As soon as the Western line was completed to Penrith, it wonld suffice for the present traffic, and all that would then to required was a brauch line from Blacktown to Windsor. (Benewed uproar.) 'One'reason which Induced bim to voto against the further extension of1 the Western railway was because they were short of supplies ; and he (Mr. Byrnes) never gave a vote without first acquiring as to ita ««sequences, and ascertaining if it was likely to lead to any practicable result. (Groans and cheers ) ' T - - - - Mr. T. MARSDEN : Have any special trains ever been sent sftor yon to Parramatta ? (Cheers and groans ) Mr. BTIN.ES : Yes ; there was a special train sent for me, in order that I might go and record my veto in favour of the Ministry. (Uproar) But to show you that I voted independently, I may state that I paid eleven guineas for thst special train. (Cneers ) I gave the country eleven guineas' worth on that occasion. (Cheers and groans.) There wss considerable, excitement in the House that night, and on m7 entering the Chamber, Mr. Plunkett, who was lather astonished at my sudden appearance, enquired where I esme from. (Laughter.) I remember telling him that I had jost arrived by the balloon from the westward. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. MARSDEN : Yon are already elected for Parramatta, Mr. Byrnes. 1 wish to know whether, if von are defeated at Windsor, you will take your »eat for Parramatta? (Cheers and groans.) Mr. BTBNES : I won't answer that question. (Tremen- dous uproar.) An elector : Will you support the Synod Bill-yes or no? Give us a candid answer without beating all round the Court-house. ( Cheers and groans. ) Mr. BTBNES : Do you know what the Synod Bill is? Elector : Yes, as well as yon do ; probably better. Mr. BTBNES : Then just toll us what it means. (Cheers and groans.) Elector : I ssk you whether you will vote for it or not yes or no ? (Cheeta and groans). Mr. BTBNES : I will not answer the question, yes or no. You must tske the answer as I please to give it (Uproar.) I will not give any answer merely in order to catch votes ; I am too honest for that. With regard to the Synod Bill, I wonld be no party to any measure having for ita object the creation of a dominant church,-(cheers)-but I should be qmte prepared to give any congregation that required it the oower of managing its own affairs. This is k11 that is contemplated by the Syncds Bill, and I would give the Church of England or any other church that desired it, authority to this extent. (Oh, ard groans.) A Voies : You've joined the church party now. Mr. BTBNKS: No, I have not, I have joined the right party. (Cheers) I have joined the party of progress, the party who will secure equal rights to all men : who will respect the rights and privileges, and the wants and necessities ot all classes of the community. (Cheers and groans.) No other questions belüg put, The BETDBNING-OFFICBB rose and called for a abow of hands, amidst vociferous cries of "outside, outside." After a brief consultation with the gentlemen near him on the bench, Mr. White declined to adjourn to the out- side, and again called for a shew of bands for Mr. Walker. The request wss responded to by about one-third of the persons present; a similar but larger manifestation bein* subsequently msde in favour or Mr. Bynes. The BETCBMiio-of ncER declared the shew of hands to to in favour of Mr. Jumes Byrnes. (Great c leering and groaning.) ^ ^ 1 } 4 poll waa thea demanded .a-,_r.TWaiker, »ad was ' fixed for this day (Saturday), to oommenoe »t nine e.m. ènjlolosett four p.m. ' j .> & vote of thanks jto the letarning-óffioer concluded the hairiness of the day1, and the meeting, which waa one of the noisiest ever held In Windsor, separated »t » few minutes befefe three o'clock. , ' 