MARKS OF J3YE-GONE AGES. [CClMMtnSTICATED.] Open, inviting, and free to all, as is the book of Nature, yet in this country how few there are who, for a few short hours, will step aside from the busy, jostling, crushing paths of selfish interests and tran sitory enjoyments, to seek, view, and ad mire in solitude, those stupendous and mighty monuments which Nature has left as landmarks amidst the rolling waves of ages. One of these marks I now purpose to describe as briefly as possible—lying so contiguous to, and yet affording such a startling contrast between, the exertions of the creatures of to-day, and the slow, silent, yet ceaseless work of generations. Near the foot of Waldron's Kanges, upon your way up from Maitland, and about a mile to the eastward of the road, runs a parallel range of not very great altitude. Scaling its Tather prebipitous " sides, you arrive upon a rocky parapet, trending gently for about a quarter of a mile to the summit. The first thing that strikes the observation of the visitor is the gaping chasms running by the side of the ridges of scoriae; by dropping a stone down, you find that these run dowrrinto the bowels of the mountain to a considerable depth. Following the course of these extinct ducts, a few hundred yards bring you to what appears at. first sight an old mining surface ground, with gravel, pipe-clay, and tailings all jumbled together; this illusion, however, is quickly dispelled by the stifling fumes of sulphur and other gases presented to your lungs by the fiery withering breeze, and you then perceive that you have arrived at the seat of the subterranean agent. The present seat of operations comprises,, an extent of about half au acre, but for miles upon the western face of the range are exhibited the same features—the same huddled and con fused mass of conglomerate—showing in plain and ub mistake able characters the fiery tracks of pre-Adamit# ages. Although there is nothing of the grand or sublime about this, one of Nature's silent workings—no hutting crags, no towering mounts, no mighty concussions, throes, or upheavings—yet there is a deep solemnity about the scene ; a feeling of nothingness, of self-abasement, seizes upon the solitary gazer, mixed with a reliance upon the Mighty and Omnipotent Being who has called these dread yet invisible agents into existence. Far around the seat of the irrup tion the eaTth is denuded of vegetation, while tall, leafless, Larkless, bare white gigantic trees loom, ghost and spectre-like, around the spot, bearing witness of the terrible effects of Nature's own component parts; and the slow progress of the fire, travelling at the rate of one yard in a decade of years, tells us of the epochs that have passed, the cycles that have rolled, the generations that have followed genera lions since first this remnant of the mighty causes, instituted to fit this planet as a re sidence for man, began. Bob. 