SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BUSH MISSION. A public meeting of tbe fueadsmf the Bash Mission took place on Tuesday evening, in Freeman-street Chapel; Mr. William lilies iu I be chair. Alter singing, and prayer offered by Captain Scoir, The CmiRini introduced the business of tne meet ing. He referred to the serious want of tbe means of grace throughout almost all our sheepiarmiug and cattle districts, and the great indifference mauitested (with Eome few liunouiei exceptions) by the proprietors to the moral and religious welfa'cof their dependents. He pat it to the meeting, as an assembly of Onristian people, to do their nimoA to supply this want by rendering all help in their power to the Bush Mission, especially urging the circulation of useful books by means or its agents. Mr. HAbvex, the Secretary, read tbe following report:— " la presenting to the friends and supporters ef the South Australian Bash MisBkn a report o: the Society's operations daring tbe past year, the Committee do not feel it needful to say much as to its cla ms on the ryra patby and support of ihe Christian public. Its object, as is well known, is to supply tbe means of religious instruction to the inhabitants of the distant bush, who, by their position, are beyond the sphere of orainary religious influences. This object it seeks to accomplish by sending properly qualified aeents to visit the shep herds and oihers iu their own homes, to converse with them about ihe things of Uod, to distribute copies of the Scriptures end suitable, tracts, and, where practi cable, to hold meetings lor prayer and the exposition of "Gad's Word. " The Committoe have to express their regret that the 'means placed at their disposal have not hitherto enabled them to employ more thau two agents in this work. When they take into ..account the wide extent of country usnally designated tbe bath, as well as tbe large number of persons who are there em ployed, they are rcacy to say—* What are these among so many?' Still it is matter lor thankfulness that their agent, Mr. Luther 11. Martin, end his assistant, Mr. J. T. Smith, have been ahle to overtake so much work, and have carried the Word of Life lo so many who would hot otherwise have heard it. During the past year they have virittd »0head stationa/lsihuts, mid 13 shearing sheds ; have distributed above 4,030 iraots and 27 copies of the Scriptures; and have held 235 meetings lor prayerj beside 195 other meetings, where, in addi ion to devutioual exercises, disconrae - were delivered oa reli gious topics. Iu the proECtn'ion of their labours they "have travelled a distance of about 3,003 mill s. "It would be impossible to enumerate all the places to which the labours of the agents have extended. SufiL-e it to say, that they have been employed chkfly in tbe country lying .to the north and north-west of the Barra, having tisiicd most of t>e hats between the Burra BnrraMines and Meant Remarkable, and onwards to a pout beyond Meant Strle, beside making a some what lengthened amy at Mount llemarkable and Fort Augusta. Dining the shearing season they were engaged in aburdant labours at the'Tariuus wcolebeas.' i litre they-tuet with considerable numbers ot men, to whom they had opportunities of speaking individually about the things which belong to. their peace, as well as of addressing comparatively jaige audiences whet the labours of the day were concluded. These meetings were sometimes attended by 29, 3 , and sometimes by as many as 40 per. o;:e. " As above re "erred to, ibe agents remained for some time at Melrose, Mount Bemarkablc, and at Fort Augusta. The G .u.miUee were led u> recommend this course, as there is a considerable resident population at both these township-', as well as a constant inffux of visitors from the north-rn district-, who are but seldom supplied with rclig.oui scrvic a. ft ia gratifying to be able to stale that the labours of the agents were highly appreciated by mauy iu butii -places, aud that there is reason to btliive their domici iary visitations and public services were followed by results of the highest kind. In the former township, pariieuarl-, much interest about religious matters -a, excited by means of toeir labours—an iutereit which manifested itself in tic people taking steps to secure the services of a settled minister. The Committee r. juice that their efforts were successful, end that the township has for the last eight or nine months enjoyed the -dvautage o! the able aud devoted labours of the Bay. David Bulger. May the Lord prosper him abandau'ly, and may those who sowed and he who reaps have much reason to rijo.ee together. "Daring the past year the Committee wore led to con sider tbe importance of circulating suitable books among the settlers in the bush, an in consequence of their dis tance from town tbey have lew «pportuuilics of obtaining them.-Accordingly the agents were furnished with a case of books, which arc to be sold without profit to tbe Society. Tbe Commitue hope that this important department of the woik will be prosecuted with energy i during the ensuing year, aud that by nmacs cf it many may be supplied with a whcJ.soxe and improving literature. ! ™ i'ts Committee have recently received the resigna tion of their senior missionary, Mr. Lutber B. Martin. They feel thai he is cuiitied to their ihcDKs lor his devutr-d laboirB timing ll.o last three years, and they wish him all success and comfort in whatever sphere his lot may hereafter be cast. Means have been la he a to secure a suitable successor to Mr. Martin. Siverai applications have been received, and the Committee hope sosn to have a well- quadScd egcut in the belt May they request their feho.-s Christians to unite with them in earnest prayer that the .Lord of the Harvest would direct ihem iu Lhcir choice. "By the liberality of a gentleman well known id the colony for his rtadiucB* to forward every good wcrk, the funds of the Society have been relitved from the state of embarrassment in which they were during a considerable part of the paBt year. He generously offered a donation of £30 on uonditiau that an ad ditional cum oi £150 should beiaisedfroru othersources. The Committee are happy t > be able to state that this sum has been made up, and that the financial condi tion of the Society is now mere saus actory than it has been for a longtime. Still if. the Society's ope rations arc to be carried on with efficiency it wilt be nece scry-that itB ordinary income should, be consi derably augmented. The Committee "would, therefore, in rendeiing this report, earnestly solicit the co-cpera tion and assistance of their Christian friends present, _aud all who feel interested in the welfare of the inhabi tants of the bush. Let it hot be'siiid that they are able to help themselves; for whilst to-a great extent that-is trup, they are iu many cases insensible o the impor- ! tanee-of Divine tiungs,'acd are in 'danger cf sinking into j total indifference. Their very apathy furnishes a siroug ! plea in their behalf. Barely- iheir case.ouly nerds to he Etated iii order to enlist ia behalf of .the South Aue- j traiian Sush Missiou -the sympathy, the -support, sua i the prayers of the Christian public. Were sufficient { funds placed at their disposal, the Ciinmittce would be j glad to engage the services 01 two additional labourers; \ aud they cannot but think that if the matter were vigorously-taken up enough Christian zeal, and libe rality would be found among the various religions bodies in the colony 10 secure such a desirable object." Mr. James Skits, ihe Treasurer, then read the financial statement. TTcre was a balance in band of £3113s. 4.1., which, with a donation of £5 > from Mr. U. F. Angas, would make their funds £114 ISs. 41. This was sufficient to meet all charges against the Society. The Lev. James Ltall rose to. move the adoption of the report which had just been read. He said he bad i een accustom, d to ioolt upon the Bush Missiou as one of the most important of the religious agencies at work , anoug us. It was not possessed, certainly, of the ' romance which usually invests missions to distant lauds and amongst barbarous tribes. Their sympathies were sometimes more easily drawn cut towards those who were for awry than towards these who were situated neater their own doors. *"Tis distance lends enchantment to the view." The inhabitants of the bush possessed none of those ad ventitious claims with which a leeiing of romance fre quently surroundB the objects of their sympathy. And yet it did appear to him that they possessed very strong claims npon them. Were they not their own country men—their kinsmen according to the flesh ? Ia conse quence of -their-position they were beyond the reach of tie ordinaiy public means of religious improvement. No Sabbath-bill summoned them totbebouso of liod. When-visiting in the neighbourhood of Port Aogusta a few months ago be had the opportuuity of meeting with persons who had not for many years been present at any public religious service. And need they wonder ir, iu theie circumstances, men should sink down into utter worldliuess and indifference about Divine thiugs, and ir,. in .-consequence, intemperance and other vices should prevail f- Let those who real jy valued religion reflect what their spiri'ual conditioumight become if (hey were deprived of the publio ordinances of religion, nud were cut off from theeympatby.and counsel or their Christian friends. Would there not be •danger of the reUg'ous life becoming enfeebled, and of thrir piety b.cjmifrg -•tanked ia4ft« growth ? And if this wen d he the oa»e wj h tboee Mho have bceo renewed iu the spirit of ithe'r roiuds thenvrhet must be the condition of there"" who have never been awakened to a sense of ihe r-nlity of true religion, when deprived year after year of att p udic relitfions priviivjes? The rev. genilemiu then went on to speak ol the ^peralidos of the Society during the past 7ear.. He slated that he hail vWUed Port Asgasta shortly after the agents of the Mission had bf en there, and bore testimony to the warm--appreciation of their labours which was expressed by all cl&Bses; of the inhabi tants. He likewise-referred to the fast that, as the result of their lab urs at Mount Remarkable, the inhabitants bad been stirred up to secure the services of a settled minister; and arguedth&t; if nothing more had be*n ac complished by the Mireiou during the year it would be sufficient to entitle St-io the sympathy and support of the Christian public. Hc concluded by moving the adoption of the re port. Captaiu Scott, in seconding the adoption of tire report.said it did not boast much—it was vtry moderate in its statement*, bat still, it spoke something. The sphere of the Bash Mi>sicn was different to that of other religious societies—its object was to gather op the strag glers. The ageuts of the Mission went from station to station where it was not possible to build churches and chapels. He pointed oat the changed circumstances of busb life in one respect.. Where formerly siugle men were employe i as Bhepberds, now married men with their-wives and familfes were preferred* and thus it be came more incumbent on the Christian community to see that th? Gospt 1 waslafeeu to them. The great com mand of oar S-ivioar—"Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to evcry^reature"— was as binding now as when it was drat promulgated. The report was unanimously ac'optcd. The Kev. 0. W. Eyas- moved the following resolu tion " r<lat thismecting laments the spiritual destitution which prer&ils; in many part&ol; the colony, and recognises th* du'y of chore who arc in the enjoyment of public religious privileges to help those who are less highly favoured." He stated that there was a greater extent of spiritaal ir> «ka hinli. than tnABf- ncnri'a liotisvpil- Ho destitution in tbe biiBh than most people believed. He alluded to tho distressing drought under which the colony was now labouring. He had read a statement which had travelled all the waj to England and bad conic back again to the colony to the tflict that ail our tquattcrs were no belter than heathens. Tiiis was a sta'cment not warrauied by facts, but much might be done by them' to ameliorate the condition of their de pendents. To erect places of worship at the stations was cut oi the question, but they ought to have itinerant mis sionaries to visit periodically all parts of tbe bosh. They wanted at least nail-u- dozen missionaries, instead ot being content with one. M any of our wealthy squall era, il tliej were imbued with the true Christian spirit, might main- ■ tain a missionary on their stations. He had great laili in the distribution of good bo >ks. religious periodicals, and tersely written tr.ee s, which explained tbe leading and fundamental truths of tbe tfospei in a simple way. He hoped the sul j c. of Bush Missions would be more generally tabeu up by the Christian public. He con cluded by moving the resolution. Mr. Jaices Scott expressed tbe pleasure he had felt in listening to the able address of the mover of the resolution, which loft htm little to say, especially as through short.notice lie had come unprepared to address the meeting at length. He seconded Lhe r-solution. The motion was then pnt by the CauaitAir and Carried unanimously. Mr. raises moved the next resolution cs follows: — •' That this meeting regards tbe operations of the Bash Mission as admirably adapted to supply to some extent the spiritaal wants ol those who are situated in the thinly settled parts of the colony, and resolves to give to that S iciety due moral and pecuniary support." He expressed the interest he had felt for several years in the cause ot' bash missions. He had been travelling much in the bush some years ago, aiid was well ac quainted with the spiritual destitution which prevailed there. He related a circumstance which occurred daring a visit to the neighbouring colony seme years ago. Wishing to do what good he contd, he made it kuo vn that lie would visit a certain station on the fol lowing Sunday. The master knew he was coming; bet when he was introduced to the place he was perfectly astonished. The table was covered with playing-cards and bottles of drink, and the men were smoking. He manage l to make his way np the room, and thsy brought him a Bible; but his sellings were indescribable. He bad ft friend with hiio, who undertook ts support him in the ordeal be expected to go through, but be was still more surprised to find that the meu treated him with respect, aud listened attentively to bis discourse, and joined devotionally in the hymns that were sung; and he aria ilo'iihtnd wiith tha atarbar) imnMVsmanf. tftftlr was delighted with the marked improvement which took place in their conduct during the short time he was able to devote to them. That was an extreme case, however; nevertheless the state of the bush was very deplorable, lie u-ged upon Christians their duty to exeitthemselves ' in the oaase of bush missions. The agents of the Mission should be man well acguainted witn bnsh life, aud the greatest care should be taken, and he knew would be taken, by . the Committee, that they ahouid be men in all respects fitted for the position of bnsh missionaries. As regarded the apathy and selfishness shown by the squatters with re spect to the spiritual requirements of their dependents, he suggested whether the drought under which they were suffering was not a just punishment to them. Did nut their perishing flocks and herds remind them of their neglect of the Bnsh Mission ? They could not say they were ignorant of its existence, for every menus had been adopted to give publicity to its proceedings and re quirements. He concluded by moving the resolution. The Rev. F. vf. Cox, in seconding the resolution, said he had come merely as a hearer, but bad been called upon to speak through the failure of auother. As for the need of this organization there conld be no doubt of it. He had not travelled far to the north, but bad in hi3 journeyings in other directions seen the destitution of the people of the ordinary means of worship, and felt the :;uth of what Dr. Chalmers said," If you want to find your way to a mau'a heart go iato his house." The bush missionaries did this latter, and if wise and good men,as he believed they were, they would soon accomplish the former. He . had recently found in the distant bush country iu the sonth how respectfully these whose dwel ling was apart from their brethren received a wot J of Cbiistianexbortation; aud had also learned (rum some set tiers on Kangaroo island thai, although totally destitute ot the solemnities of public worship, the bord's-day was not forgotten by them; but still the periodic visits of a minister or ahnsh missionary would be of incalculable" advantage.- Reference had already b en made by his friend aud brother Mr. Lyall to the terrible iulrequeacv of opportunities for public worship. Ae mig at mention a case iu the north where the bush missionaries bad been very useful, but where now a minister was settled, in which some of the population, desiring to attend, chose the dark nights for that purpose that they might not be Seen by taeir neighbours. The circulation of books had already been referred to, but be learned that Old numbers of such periodicals as the " British Mes senger," the "British Woikuien," "The Baud of Hope j Review," and others,. would he of great service in the beshfamiiies. The resouiion pledged them to two things. First, to give moral support to the Society—that was, to pray for it, to speak l r it, and to sympathize with it, | if the agents felt that they would be cheered in their work. Secondly, to give pecuniary support; and.sureiy the confidence or the Committee would not be misplaced when they looked for that liberally from those who could sit Sunday after Sunday in that or other places of worship and have their own understandings informed and tltbir souls cheered wi'h gospel truth and promise. The resolution having been carried, a collection was then auade op b '.half of the Mission. Mr. Hour proposed, and Mr- Whiting- seconded, a restl diou appointing ulSee- beareis aud a Committee for the Mission for the ensuing y.ar. The meeting concluded by singing the doxology. Preceptors' Association.—The monthly meetii'g of this body was very tliii.ly attended on Satur day, March 3; Mr. King was called to the chair, and the Secretary (Mr. Hosking) read a paper, ia'imating that the istate of hi9 health and other reasons had determined him to chance his residence. He regretted that in con sequence of his intended removal to inc country he must resign the offict of Secretary, in which he had exerted himself, if not with great effect, at least with an earnest desire to improve education and benefit society. He re gretted the circumstances which led to his leaving town at the present juncture the more, becaus i he thought liis services, humble as they were, might have been useful to the Association iu the event of any proposed revision of the present Education Act. He warned the Association that they were bound to be vigilant, inas much as one individual who had generally taken part iu the politics of the day was opposed to the grant in aid of ' education. He (Mr. Husking) was convinced, however, that aid to education was necessary, not only in the country, bat in some of the city dis'ricts. The Assoeia- ; lion should ba ou the alert; hat he had no doubt th- y wereasmucbalivc to the interests of edu-a ianashecould j possibly be, and be hoped that they would appoint as his successor a Secretary with equal zeal aud greater ability to serve the Association and the public. The r< sigr.alien wasaecepfed, and the following reroin ion unanimeusiy adopted i—'Tiie members of this Aieocution tender their adopted very best thanks to Mr. Ho'king for his valuable services as their Secretary during ttia chief portion of the Society's existence end ihey desire to exprjiBBicir deep i regret at tbe loss vVhieh education will Man by his withdrawal from ttaching." Mr. Roskihg was also elected an honorary member of the Association. Mr. J. Martin wase'ected Secrets y. Mr.Bargiinthi-nreada. aper on thcimpoitance of arithmetic and the best methods of teaching it. A most interesting discussion followed the reading of the paper, during which the lecturer ana several other gentlemen illustrated b. Ceuresoo theblaek board cmiositics of calculation to which they called at tention. The business concluded with the usual com plimentary votes to the lecturer and Chairman. It was staled that Mr. Payne will read at the next monthly meeting a paper; subject—"Schools of Design." South Australian Institute. — Quae teely Soibbe.—On Wednesday evening tbe usual soiree in connection with the Mechanics' Institute was held at White's Rooms. Although several monster election meetings were held ou the same evening iu :-nd about Adelaide, the room was very well filled. His Excellency the Governor presided, and opened the proceedings by congratn'ating the members ou the near approach to comp'elion of their own building, which he hoped wonid be ready by the nut soiree. He then read some statis tics relative to the progress of the Institute, which showed that the nnmber of reads-re entered in the appli cation-book from the establishment of the Institute in 1856 to date was 2,odd; total number of annual sub scribe s. during the same time, 225; quarterly do., 1,113. Tolai subscribers, 1,*33. Number of volumes circulated during the quarter ended December 3(, 1859,. 8,671. Tae total number of volumes cir cula'ed daring tlio year ended September.SO, 1859, was 32,313. The total number of bcoks added to the library since September 30, 1859, was 281; and another skip meat was "expected very shoitly. He also said that a new catalogue was in progress, and that it was fully ex pected it would be ready by the time that the new building was opened. After some vocal and instrumental music, ihe Riy.C.E. I'lilinerdelivered a lecture on "Tr.e Latest Ghost Theory." Jn opening the su' ject, he said he was certain that he would be ridiculed by a great many for choosing such a topic; hut he had been led to take such a step in consequence of the great_amoant of interest which was being taken-in. the subject in Eng land. During his address, he told some very amuring and startling anecdotes about warnings, dreams, apparitions, and. presentiments, seme of which oc curred in Australia. In conclusion, he stated that althoegh so much had been written aboat supernatural appearances, Ac., he did not think it was impossible th t scch things which had been spoken of in the tales he had tcld should take place. The lecture, which was a rather lengthy one, was listened to with great atten tion, and the lecturer was loudly applauded at its con clusion. Several vocal and instrumental pieces were tinii given by Mr. Nash, Mrs. Wa.lxce, and Chapman's llasd. A vote of thanks to the le-Uurer was proposed by Dean Farrell, sc-o-nded, and eairied unai imouslv. Mr. SVhilridge then mo-'cd, and Mr. S. Davenport seconded, a Smilar e jmpkme it to the Chairman, who, iu return ing thanks, saia that no doubt the burst of applcu-e which accompanied bis name, when repeated by Mr. \Y liitridge, was in eome manner excited l-y the fact that It was getting near that witching hour when we might feel a sort of creeping mentioned by the lecturer. (Loud laughter.) He hoped thev would meet with no ghosts. (Continued laughter.) The proceedings, which were of au exceedingly intere-tiug character, were brought to a close,- about 11 o'clock, by the singing of the National An'-hem, South Australian Association or Archi tects, Exgutbebs, ahd Suhyeyobs.—Tie above Asso ciation resumed iu sittings on Tuesday eveuir-g last, after a recess of three months. The Committee met at their room at White's-buildisgs to prepare the business for the evening, hut, owing to various causes, a sufficient number to form a quorum tor a general meeting not arriving, the meeting was aiiowed'to lapse, and conse quently stands adjourned till April, when it is hoped— the excitement of the elections and other matters being over—the members will have more leisure to attend to the. business of the Association.. The Jews in Austria:—Tlie Emperor of Austria has decreed that the Jews shall in fa ure bs on the same level with Christians in matrimonial matters, but the right to possess real property is still withheld. 