OPENING OF TUE NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH AT NEWTOJVN. Trna new church, nf -which wo gava a desorip. li .n in the Empire of Tuesday Inst was opened for Divine service yesterday. An audience ol fully COO people wis assembled at ll o'clock, when tho Rev. Jjlm Eggleston, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, preaohed. The auspicious weather- the gathering of friends of the oause from a distance to join in the first seivioe in this church-the suitability and eleganoe of the building-and, what is a matter of very great im- portance, the aasuranco convejol to the audience by the fleet utterance of tho preacher, that the place was well adapted for conveying tho sound, all contributed to pro* duce a pleasing imprest-ion. After singing and prayer, tho preacher read tho eighth chapter of the First Dook of Kings and the third chapter of the Epistle of Paul the apostle to the Ephesians. Another hymn was sung, and then the Rev. John Kggleston preached on the following words (Ephesians, iii., 7*11) : -" Wberoof I was made a minister, acoording to the gift of tho gtaoe of God, given unto me by tba effectuai working of bis power; untóme, who am less than the leaBt of all saints, is Ibis grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riólos of Christ; and to moke all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery wbiob, from tba beginning of the world, hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ; to the intent that now onto the princi- palities and powers in the heavenly plaoes might be known by the Cb arch the manifold wisdom, of God, according to the eternal purpose, whioh he purposed in Christ Jo-us oar Lord." We are met togetbor this morning (said the reverend speaker) ander peculiarly pleasing cfrcumstanoas. This is a Christian sanctuary, and we aro mot to dedioate it to the Divine service. We cannot dedicate it better than by employing it for the purpose for which it is to be consecrated. We ate met for Divine worship-worship based on the Christian revelation, recognising the mediation of Christ, a worship intended to display the saving benefits. Tba Christian ministry ia intimately connected with the Christian sóbeme ; ie is designed in the Divino Providence to promote tho welfare of the Church of Christ, and to extend His kingdom. This sanctuary has been erected that the Gospel may be pro- claimed in it, that tbe worship of the Tri ano God may be here conduoted by the ambassadors of Christ. It is usual on su -h ooeasions to direct attention to those leading ideas whioh the erection of suoh a place ia oil. oulated to inBpir--. These jileas are embodied in tbe words introduced to your notice tbis morning. Therein we are instructed concerning ill i Divine ordinance of the ministry, the qua ifioitinns of that ministry, tho great subject which that ministry should exhibit, and the lending designs for which the ministry is established. We see that the system of religion established among us is not intended to termínalo in haman salvation ; it forms a part of God's original design in planning his vast universe ; it was intended to increase tho know- ledge and happiness of all orders of created mind. Notico I. The views suggested in reforenae to the Gospel ministry. II. Tba leading truth, tbe permanent truth whioh that ministry is to exhibit to mankind. III The great and glorious designs contemplated by Divine Providence in curyiug out the Christian sóbeme. 1\. Consider the ideas suggested by Ihewordof the text with referenao to tho Christian ministry. (1). It is a Divine ordinance. Tho Apostle refers to the conde- scension of God in selecting him and employing him in this great work. He rogorded it as «n . act of distin- guishing favour that he should be set apart te tho preaching the Gospel of Christ, Cod has determinad that there should be men set apart specially for this work. In the following chapter the Apostle suggests tho samo iden; when speaking of Christ as having led oaptivity captive, and received gifts for men ; he adds " He gave some apostles, and some prophets, and some evangelists, and somo pastors and teaobors I for the perfeoting of the saints for the word of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." The ministerial office Oin only be under- taken'by Divine appointment :, true ministers of the Gospel aro oallcd and sent forth by the great Head of tho Churob. Paul says bo "was made a minister:'' it was by the gift of tho grace of God lhat he WOB Bet apart to this oflloo and ministry. This is evident when we consider the peculiar relations of the office to God and to men. Tho ministers are " ambassadors for Christ," and a sovereign has aa unalienable right to de- termine the individuals who shall bj employed in the offico of ambassador. The Church cannot create a ministry; her highest authority cannot do it. She may famish materials from which the wisdom and goodness of God may select agents for carrying out His work. It belongs to God alone to determino who among them shall be sont forth as His amba^sadrrs to a lost world. It is the "Lord of the harvosi" who is to thrust out labourers into His borveBt. 2\. The peculiar function of the ministry is to preaoh Christ cr uni fled-to make all men see what is tbe fel- lowship of the mystery -whioh from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, The scheme af redemp- tion had been veiled under typical arrangements, bat was now folly developed by the coming of the Son of God. Now the Christian sanctuary had no sacrificing priesthood. Sacrifices and oblations have ceased : the great High Priest of our profession having accomplished His own sacrifice for all mankind, and presenting that sacrifice before the throne of Grace. There are no priestly functions to perform in the Christian sanctuary. The sacraments, indeed, are to be administered; but those sacred rites embodying important truths are only profitable when those truths are intelligibly apprehended by the minds of the worshippers. God has not rendered His ministers the direct dispensers of His graoe; He has not given them, authority to dispensa His grace through the ordinances. He deals with mankind aa rational beings-as intelligent and responsible creatures. The mystery of His redeeming love baing manifested, the sóbeme of redemption being executed, Ha sends forth ministers of the sanctuary to proclaim his love, that minds may ba enlightened, hear a softened and subdued, souls saved. The Baving ordinances of the sanctuary can only be profitable aa the truths they embody are presented and appropriated. The rite ot baptism, for Instance, represents the depravity of our nature, and tho ran»»inç work of ihn Sftrjr of God";: the Trinity of " periirrs tn the onVGoilbead.llip covenant- relation ia whian, every child ot man statu!h toward God by virtue of tba-seeond ¿dam. Tbs J.txd* «upper certifies the fact of our SarioUi'a death, ant) iib beneficent character; it ii a«solemn engagement ia which toe believer swears a fresh eltegimoe (cv the throne of Hie Mediator, wbila- he receives the token* cf the love displayed at Calvary, and the assurance that Ha will come again to receive His people to glory. . While these ideas are presented to the mind, the holy sacra, ments prove means ot grace to the members of the Church. Bat we must bear in mind that the sanctifica- tion sf the Spirit is accomplished by belief in the truth, i The work pf tho ministry is '* hy the manifestation of tba truth to commend themselves to every utans conscience in the sight of God."" 3\. The qualifications of tba ministry. The minister must bo Divinely qualified before bo can engoge in this great work. ' By tho effjctuil working of God's power in the gift of Hil grace, Paul was set apart to this im portant work. The apostles wore to lay the foundation of Christian-doctrine; to qualify them for their work they received the truth from oar Divine Redeemer him- self. By the Holy Spirit they were both enlightened and enabled to work miracles, and by the imposition of hands to confer on others the power of working miracles. In all those respecta Paul was " not a whit behind tbs ohiefest of the Apostles." Ho received the truth immediately from Christ ;: he had the gifts and grace re qt isi to for the apostleship. The first requisite is personal piety. To Paul Jehovah appeared that he might persuade him of tho truth of Christianity ; and after fitting bira for the work ho sent bim forth to preach the nostarchable riches of Christ. Personal grace is essential to the ministerial character. An individual' must become: a tzittir before he can become a miniiter. The Apostle retained the grace given to bim, and never forgot the goodness of God in pardoning him. He could not, to the last, overlook the foot that he had been a persecutor and injurious to the Church of Christ. The remembrance of h¡9 former rebellion against Christ laid him in the dust of self-abasement. This senso of hts unworthiness was retained in his spirit notwith- standing the splendid victories ha obtained over the powers of darkness. And there must always be personal piety before there can be an effectual ministry. The ministry of the gospel is an embassy, and a sovereign would not select a robel to be his ambassador. There must bo reconciliation to the sovereign before there can be employment as his ambassador. Then cgsin, the truth of graoe can only be understood by thosa who re- ceive grace. It was net the proud blind pharisee, Saul of Tarsus, that was sent to preaah the unsearchable riches of Christ ; he was first slain by tho law, " The commandment came, sin revived, and ho died." These being ovated anew in Christ Jesus, he wai sont to turn many from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God. There must, then, he personal piety, personal recon- ciliation to God, before one can bo sot apart to this work. There must also bo divino illumination and anointing by the Holy Spirit. Paul urged the Christians to pray that this anointing might rest continually en his spirit ; the anointing of God nfs:s ing the understanding in the perception af truth, nod Riving power to tho proclamation of truth in the congregation. There aro natural gifts that munt te possessed; a» tho power of thinking clearly nnd uttering forcibly ; but these are not Ibo only quali- fications for the servioe of the sanol uary. There must bu un anointing for the work of God. We msy exercise our mental resourcos by the study of the work ot those who in different ages hare lent their powerful minds to divine truth. But the closet must be sought, and the anointing of tbo Spirit reoeived in answer to prayer, or these, views will only flit across tho mind without effect. There must ho " the demonstatlon of the Spirit," or the Word will not be influential in accomplishing its end. The apostle dwells on this idea in his epistles. In writing to the Corinthians, be said ho would test not the tpeech of them that said they wore apostle?, but tho power; ha would see whether they bad the power from on high. Iii oould say of his own preaching, that it came " not in wotd only, but in power, aod in the Holy Ghost." 'Pliera may be montai ability ; there must bo spiritual power. There may bs pulpit oratory; but it must bs accompanied with the annointing of t>'e Holy Spirit, or wa shall be un- profitable to the souls of mon. Tho members of the ohurch mnst be earnest ia prayer for the demonstration of the Spirit under the ministry of the WorJ. II. The leading idea of tho Christian ministry, the great absorbing truth that is te employ the minister's mind is that ho is to preooh " the unsearchable riohes of. Christ." This is the great sum of his discourses. The apostle frequently assertB tho same idea. To the Corinthians, he said that be was " determined to know nothing among men, save Jesus Christ, and him cruci- fied "; to the Galatians, he wrote, " Ood forbid that I should glory, save m the cross of my Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified to me and I unto tho world." His mind seems oppressed and overwhelmed in endeavouring to describe the blessings that centre in tbe Saviour. let us contemplate this subject. Think of the personal obaracter and worth of the Redeemer. You 8omotimea feel an interest in testing the qualifica- tions of those you admire,' by examining tho effects of their mental power. Do we wish to weigh the qualifica- tions of Him whom we preaoh as tbs Saviour ? Direct your attention to the works he has accomplished. "God created all things by Jesus Christ." "Tho world was mode by bim ; and without him was not anything made that was made." Contemplate the univcr-e of matter, the world of mind, the numerous orders of intelligsnoeB. Think of the immensity of the systems of worlds and suns ; then contémplalo the portion of the universe in which we dwell,-see matter inert, in its various forms ; matter instinct with vegetable life ; matter possessed by animal lift) and its various specif!] forms. Think of mind in connexion with matter; an immortal mind dwolling ia our corporeal structure. Think of intellect without matter; of angelic spirits ; consider tho mass of intelligences in regions unknown to us. While you look at their vastness, variety, and harmony ; remember your Saviour planned and executed them all in b's vast design. Can you form any conception of his powers f Are not his riches unsearchable? 11 Ia him are hid all treasures of wisdom and knowledge," Well may the language of the psalmist be applied to bim, which tolls that He who made the Heavens will transmute them with as much caso as we fold up a vesture, and chango them BS we change o garment. When He raises tho dead according to tho working of that mighty power by which Ho is able to subdue all things unto Himself, He proves Himself to be possess id of nnsoarobable re- sources. Again, in Bil official relation to Gad and man, in tho work of redemption, there is a ptoif that His riohes are unsearchable. There is something in His in- carnation which we cannot fathom. It is true there is nothing unnatural in the Son of God taking on Himself the nature or man. Things that seem diverse in nature, oan ba brought into union. We soe matter inert; we see it also instinct with vegetable life. We see the soul aoting in the body; we know that tho toni oan be separate from the body, and return to it, as in the CSBO of Laz rus. Angels are continnally acting opart from matter. Yet, we who oro allied with angels in mind, aro united with a body. There is no natutal impossibility in suoh a anion. Bat there is a mystery of love un- fathomable, that the great God who created the universe should take on Him the haman form. Tbe faot, how- ever, is revealed. Not only ia tho doctrine oloarly stated that " God waB manifested in the flesh," that "the Word who was with God, and who was God, was made flesh, and dwelt among man," that He " boing in tho furm of God, thought it not robbery to make himself equal with God, but took on him the form of a servant, and was formed in fashion as a man ;" but our Saviour's history continually exhi- bits this important faot. He employed illimitable powers. His knowledge was infinite : for hs fithomed the depths of tho nature af his boorers, and said he oould likewise fathom the dopths of the Divine nature; "As the Father knewctbme.even so know I the lather." Ho exercised creative powor in multiplying the loaves and fishes ; He Bbllod the ocean ; He healod all dis- eases. Nothing could withstand the potency of His arm. These are commanding evidences that he was God ; equally commanding evidences that he was man. He bad a body like ourB, susceptible of pain, excitement, hunger, and thirst ; he bad a sanctified human spirit that oould be touched with all the miseries by which He was surrounded. The apostle alludes to these things to shew his quali- fication for the work he undertook. Ho became incar- nate to redeem us from the curse of the Law ; os man, he could offer himself a sacrifico; as God, he oould en- gage in the presentation of that Baoriftce in heaven; as man, he could suffer for the sinful members of tbe human family; as God, be could stamp on that sacri- fice all the weight of His Divine dig- nity. As man, be can be toaobed with the feeling of human infirmities.. Whenever the children of men approach the throne of Grace, he can sympathise with their Bufferings and wants. As the mediator between God and men he poB Besses a worth, a dignity, which enables him to present their oaae at tba throne of Grace, having a right ts se- cure the blessings of salvation. Ho stooped to save the world ; ia Gethsemane be took the cup of bitterness, and tasted death for mankind. Going from the garden to the judgment-seat, and thence to Calvary, the apostles teach ns to consider him ; the bursting the bonds of death, asoending on high, welcomed by the hosts of beaven, presenting human natnro before the throne af God. Considering his mighty achievement), his gio ri mi cliar-tcter;' l\içrjrT>iiaur pnreh tsed, tlie- epo.4lla-was constrained to- exclaim thal ?Hiern vere ."-Enseotohablenuhea io Cbria'i." Thotj 'glanco at bia: sarnig. beii«-fi!-'. Amona al> the mern ber» of tbe human family, lake the most guilty, ptrtlnted ease j his mercy in f >rgiv:'ng, his pawer in sariug and bleasisg, ?are snffieient for 3U9b"n ease. The apostle refers to th« : former obaraater of.*tbo .Ephesians as ohildren of wrath, dead in tre»paase-i aaiWias, and intimaras that God bad Bhewed meroy to tttotn in order to nuis known to all 'coming ages tbe riches of- bit Graoe, There .'may be a soul present that bas been han. died Ter j rough'y by the prince of darkness; deceived and overcoat* by tho tempter, and such a one may be ready to say " there ia no mercy for me." If it !*» so, that there is no mercy for you, ihen tbe riches of Christ are not so immeasurable as Paul represante them ta be. See what wretches were pardoned, sanctifie*!, and ruised to glory ! And fe-there no mercy for you T '¡High as the heaven ¡8 above tu»earth, BO grant ia tho mercy of the Lord to them that fear Him." Millions have had ol) tbeir united guilt casK as a stone into the depths of Hi« mercy; and have heard no more of them forever. Wash your sins away in- Sia atoning blood ; nothing can withstand the power of His grace. His omnipotence is tbere. Is death to ho overcome f It matters not wbe'herit be the case of the young femalo on the conch, the young mau on the bier, or Lazarus in the tomb a prey to putrefaction. It is the same to omnipotence, lie ia " head over all Ibfings to the Church." As a Church wo need power ;.vra need manifestation of grace. The throne of Gad is open though his intercession. He ls tb« Soveieign ol the unîveisa; angels obey his oom mond, devils are controlled by His power, men ate encompassed by His raia, though they ate not aware of it. And Ha will dwtll in Zion ; His power shall be magnified.. What are those bursts of sacred influença that awaken sinners and-briag them to the cross, and rosall in a change of obaractei t what are theso but tho returns of the Mediator to tba prayers of lha Church f where ia the spirit of tba grace and supplication is presented tho ease of a dying world, He delights to bear, and pour on us the riches of His grace. [May tho richea of Iiis blessings bo received in this place, end his power be magnified ia the awaken- ing and conversion of souls in this sanatuary. 111\. I must be very, brief in calling your nltontioo to the greatness of the designs of Divine Providence io the carrying out of the Christian Boheme. This sóbeme hos been devised by God, who created all things by Jesus Christ "that thora might be mada known through tbe Church into the principalities and powers in hiavenly plaaes, the manifold wisdom of God." Wo gather from this that the Boheme of redemption originated in the Divine mind when tba universe itself was plumed. Xbe Son of God was employed in crea ion, bnoause in tho ar- rangements of the wisdom of God be was to engage in the work of redemption. "AU things were created by him and for him," fov him aa the mediator, as bend of i the Ctiurolj. Tba Boheroo of lodampllon entered origin- ally into the ell comprehensive pl-m of God, and was de- signed to illustrate to ell intelligences His manifold wisdom. Ia. the first chapter of thia epistle, allusion is made to this subject, when il is said that Christ is exalted above oil prinoipality or power, and every name that is used iu thia world nnd-in the world to come. All boBvon's hosts are witnesses of his triumphant nsconsionand session at the right hand of God. They arj associated willi tho Cbriatian scheme ; their instruction was ona design of Providence in creating tho world and. redeeming mon. Toora aro indications ol the interest tak?n by angels in thia Bohemo from the beginning. Angels sung together at tbe oroation; angels appear guarding lha tree of lifo in Paradise after Adam was cast out. Angelio ministry is continually apparent in the lifo of the patriarchs. The angel ' of Jehovah in his manifestations to Abraham ; und others was attended by the heavenly host. In the holy ol holios in the Temple, ohembims overshadowed tba ark of the Covenant, studying tho tabernacle in its relation to Divina Providence, Tho oonvorso of Gabriel with Daniel shews that angels have mach to do with Goa's government of nations as well as of mon. The history of out Lord is associa'od with visits of angela. Angels informed Zaohariah and Elizabeth af his cosing ; angels appeared to Christ in the wilderness of temptation and at his resurrection and asoonsion the words of the psalm were fulfilled, when angela with triumphant shoats oriol, " Lift up your beads ye Ritos, and be ye lifted up yo everlasting doo TB, and the IC ng of Glory shall come in." All these sayings intimato the glory of the itedoemor ooming to resuma his powers on the otornal throne. Thus have the hosts of heaven behold the diversified wisdom of God, They saw Jasas' sufferings, bis agony in Goth semane, the worth, of bis sacrifice, the benefits accumulating from his work. "Thoy saw his re- turn to glory, and the bearing of all theBO things on tbe glory of God, They saw the personal ministry of Christ-the success of tho Christian schema among all nations. They see also the righteous providence of God breaking in pieces tbe nations that have held tho truth in unrighteousness. They look on present events; and wait for the futnre realisations of the dosigns of tba me- diation of Christ ; they look for tho time when all nations of men aimil bo filled with the hallowing influenoos of Christian truth. They aro to be his ministers in tho ] day of judgment; and they know tho treasures of glory ia store for the saints. They ora to gather higher ideas of the Divine glory from the saviog schema than they could draw from all other subj oats. Thoir intalleots,are I mighty; they can visit other worlds ; they have seen tbe righteousness of God In rewarding thom, and in punish- ing tho angels that fell; bat as far as we know, this world is tho only scano where forgiving meroy is exer- cised. It may be in referenoo to this new development i of the Divine nature that those words aro fulfilled that nato principalities and powers is made known the mani- fold wisdom of God, To draw th éso thoughts to somo practical OOUOIUBÍODS : 1\. If this scheme is so extensivo in its designs, if the angels aro ministering spirits on earth, interested in the work of human salvation, how fem full y is that human being acting who, sitting nndor the sound of the Gospel, is not realising tho blessings of saving grace I who is willing to live without the meroy thus parohased, in despite of tba graoe thus bestowed. 2\. The Churoh, in providing increasrd accommodation for immortal spirits, in looking on the world with com-, passion, and putting into operation evory agenoy to bring over the masses to the knowledge and enjoyment of Divine marcy, is fulfilling tho purposes cf Divine wisdom, and affording an interesting spectacle to princi- palities in Heavenly placos. That the glorious theme of Divino Truth maybe more fully proclaimed in this township, this sanctuary has been erected. Wa aro glad to sae friends from a distance ; and trust we shall see a prnntiaal exhibition of the sense you entertain of your obligations to the great Head of the Church. We oan only return in gratitude and loy on the altar of God what lie has given us. Our friends hero have taken on themselves a heavy responsi- bility, relying cn proxn'ses i f help from o th or circuits, I hopo the assistance given will accord with the necessities of the case ; and that the trustees may have no cause to regret that they ongaged in this work. After the sermon, a collection was made toirnrds the payment of thc expenses inonrred in tho ercotion of the ahurob, The congreitation again united in a song of praise ; and tho Rev. S. Rabone, tho pastor of the ahurob, conoluded the servios with prayer. In tho evening another service was held, Hov. William Cuthbertson, minister of tho Congregational Churoh, Pitt-etruot, officiating. A. shower of rain coming on just before the appointed hoar foe the service, probably interfered with tho assembling of the aadienoe. About OOO parsons wore present notwithstanding. After, Binging, Rev. William Gnthhevtson read tho first and' Beoond chapters of the book of tho prophet Haggai, aad prayer and praise having been offered, he preached, on the following words t-^Haggai ii. 7.) *' And I. will shake all nations ; and tho desire of all nationa-ohall come; and I will fill this Honso with my glory saith the Lord of Hosts." After some observations on the origi- nal design of this prophecy to encourage tho children of Judah in rebuilding the Temple of God, tho preacher went on to say that their objecl'was not morely hiBtotioal investigation ; in theeo words they had set before them, wherein consisted the true glory of a sanctuary, three thoughts. I. Tho preparatory commotion. II. The Lord's advent. III, The glory resulting therefrom. 1\. The preparatory commotion. This part of pro- phecy is explained in Ute 12th chapter in the Epistle to the Hebrews, from which we learn that this prophecy ia only in part fulfilled. Tho shaking of tho heavens.is yet to take place. The commotion Und taken place as to the earthly temple, and they, the Christians, bsd re- ceived a kingdom whioh could never bo moved, Suoh a oommotion was in perfect accordance with all God's dealings with His people. Tkero was a shaking of the nation of Egypt bofaro thu deliverance of His people Israel, and His manifestation to them at Sinai. So He brought armies of Chaldeans and Persians to chastise His people, and then oamo prophecies of tho coming of Christ His BOD. So, at the^time of tho Reformation. That was not aa isolated event, Th ero was a long preparation,-the crusades-the ravivai of anoient literature-investigation iota all things sacred and secular. Then came forth the mon cboäon of God for that time. Luther, to explain the book of God. The Word ran along the ground like lightning. The came principle pervaded all God's dealings with His people. The coming of the Desire of all nations was the great oentral facts of all bnraan history. As science stews that the earth was prepared during long ages for the coming of man made in the imago of God ; so was the ' »)i«i*ttt>*»of manhiiMl » prapara ida for th» cuaüaajaf tbe Sara of Ood. Tue world's history revolves rormd lb» sireat- »Tent r »ll that was working out io I-rael. Gt etea,- Home, snd tbeaaa-ern nations, was ntovirg to this great centre, tba.cross of Christ. Tbis is seen in the.]Be3sage of John tbe? Baptist. Tita coro mot ion cause* 'among tba J*-ws by bis heart-piuiciog «tv« " repent," ' was a fulfilment of the prophecy lo /7urubb**>eL> So with tbs rise and fall cf dimities-. pbiloBOpSltpp, arid religion cf thu Gentile nation* ; all converged to tba same end. B.-hiod all, the great Hand of tbe D»?iiy was working. Doing tie least thing for Jesus Christ was more than being greatest among men. But even those that regard him not cannot resist tbs progress of bis king- torn. Let monaltemft to carry out tbeir own gebt mes ; it will ba nil swept away . if not ha accordance-with Ibra intentions of God.* Kolbing bat what ia consecrated to God eon be permanent. All that is working evil Ile will overthrow. In fact it ia not difficult to see that God bas been doioglbi*. Witera ia the power of Egypt ?-where is tbe'migbt of Babylon f where is Greece ?-what is Rome T Men wero founding dynasties in opposition to every principle of God's truth ; g-uiuf, otatory, philosophy, availed not. In their de- crepitude these nations whisper, " Though hand j-iin int hand, th» wicked shall not prosper." The n-itiuu tl mt fears not Ood, hes not stability in ils constitution. II. The IVird'tf ail vt itt lathe midst of tba i nins of empiras comes a child over whoso birth angels slnrr. "Glory to God i rr-the highest; on earth, peace, go will to men." How ia it that he is described aa .. the» Desire of all nations," though it is said in another pro. pbecy, . "When we Bee him, tbere is no beauty that we» should desiiei- him"»' The Lamb nf God is hera spoken of. And it war literally tra» ia the expectation of many. When the child. Jesus is brought into the temple we see the aged high priest rejoicing before God and saying " Lord, now let last thoa Iby servant depnit in poace." Tbere was Hannah r others also waited for redemption in Israel. Many Israelites truly. desired bim, and gentiles also. What means the history, of the coming of those wise men from the East ? There was a very wido-spiead opinion .in that world, that God was about to manifest Himself in some peculiar manner. They still believed their ow» mythology ; .but their hearts were conscious of wanta* unfulfilled. Knowing this. God rightly said " the desire of all nations shall come." He esme to reveal unto the nations God in his glory full of gi ace and Irutb ; - that tbey should-sea God as-one ready and willing toe Burdon sin. In all the literature of Greece and Rome there is a representation of the gods as in- eternal opposition to- men. For their spiritual, necessities It behoved God to reveal himself in the person of His Son as loving men and seeking to save them. Christ waa tho desire of nil nations; they bad their s-'ns and sorrows, their troubled, oousoienoo and remorse. There w<>ro omonrj ibo Gen- tiles, as wallas in Israel, those who irq tirad "bow can wo csoape?" Whither oonld they look for deliver- ance from, sin? Neither the heavens above, nor the/ thoughts of their wisest men could answer this question, for them. Tho gospel brought tho anewer, proclaiming '. tho desire of all nations" as the great High Priest to offer himself for sins. Tho grand immortality which Christ proclaimed mado him " tho Desire of all nilion»."' Tho ancient nations bad to face tho taino atix.it u« in-. qniries as we concerning the futaro ltf.i. Tba Allwise and Good appointed tho best time for the coining of His Sun ; and Ho showed, that till the coming of nia S< n, till all nations reoog . n za Him as Sovereign, tbere could be no peaoo andi content on earth. When Christ carno, the Jews groaned under the yoke if Rome, the Greeks mourned tho days of their liberty and glory ; tho Romans themselves were galled by the oppression of several tyrants. All were taught that until the King of Kings and Lord of Loids were acknowledged and served, their lot must bo an>. happy. '. Tho desire of all unirons" is come. Tba preaoher then addressing tho sorrowful, tho guilty, the troubled, invited them to esme to Him w'-o ia tba Desire of all nations, to find rcat and peace in Him.. III. Tho gloiy that is to result ftom this aol. »Tb.» glory of this latter homo ahalh be greater than that of the former bouse." Here wo ore taught the superiority of spiritual glory on nil1 material splendour. Tho second temple, though beautiful, was not t-qunl, ia grandeur to the former. 15ul when the obild Emmanuel was brought into that lomplo, its glory fir exoeedod that of the templo built by Solomon. Mr. Cuthbertson then described vividly the glory of the first temple in the deja of Solomon. Thun.passing onward.be shuwod tho vast superiority whioh .the pitt, stnoe of Christ brought to tbe aeoond temple. Tbs, reve- lation of God in Christ is brought down to tho rife ot. man. God is revealed os a Father of infinite love. Ha also drew a contrait between the dispensations typified by tho two temples ; tbe glory of the dispensation-af Judaism and the surpassing glory of Christianity I iChiisv. tianity had his national limits: it is alike Buitod for all nations and for all classes. It exoludes none. Unlike other forms of religion, Christianity is absoluto »nd ts. nevor to pass away« Christianity is tbe absolute religion, that meets all the wants of man's heatt. The Redeemer meeta all tho sou l's dosircs. Jouai, thou art all compassion . Eu»« unbounded love thou art,^ " Men might as soon devastate Heaven, and depspntate eternily, es es'errainato the Christian religion.. IJbaC sinctuary was built for tho embodiment of the gre * truth of " Christ and II im crucified." In conolusion,,th» preacher invited all to unite in seeking the furtheruac* of Christ's Kingdom, and to remomber the chief ¡giorgi of the Banotnary was the prosonoo of Immanuel, ile elsa directed tbeir thoughts to tba future eternal temple,, in. which all sholl unite in ono song of praise to Christ, th» desire of all nations. Ha exhorted them lo give» liberally for tbe furtherance of the great design, of that building. The sermon of Mr, Cuthbertfon occupied nn.bonv and a half in tba delivery, and itu vivid descriptions of bo'ht outward and spiritual grandeur, its lofty argument», ard stirling appeals were listened to with doop-and evident intorest by tho numerous audionco. A Ecoond collection waa made, and tho. proceedings terminator! with singing and prayer. The sum of £1-10 Us. was colleotm.1 ta the morning towards paying off Ibo dobt incurred in ImiUiog th» church. "We have not y>>t boen in'ormeii what was the amount cf tho evening collection. 