I < * PRESENTED AT COURT. (From the Liverpool Albion, March 12. J ] W iTii some difficulty, we have persuaded an eye- ' witness to under- eke the difficult task of giving us an original account of what he under went at the Volunteer Levee., on Wednesday last He says -We arrived in a hackney cab, about half-past eleven o'clock, being inspected as we enter the gates by a chase but very orderly mob, who, it is evident despite the snow, have sufficient time to appreciate and admire us Under the portico, where a. Grenadier Guard is on duty, do we inversely stand continuing the numerous arrivals The most conspicuous are three portly individuals in scarlet coats, caps, brown belts, be the inform being somewhat of a cross bears, ten that of a huntsman and a postboy Here, too, are fine stalwart fellows in artillery uniform-riflemen of all shades, including some who, ignoring spot France, have added to tear natural deformities by adopting knickerbockers and gaiters, ina mostly wearing; on their belts what the Exitmi ter describes as "huge gilt silver plates, shining like stars and resembling ether embellishments ' Constantly p of ring and looking on Mich upon it, are j ming officers of the Gu girls, going to 01 returning humidity, and nearly altogether lost to sight in knee boots, gi TV coats, and huge tin hits Presently, we are ushered into a monster tent, embracing the palace dome, strewed with sawdust and 1 vi g enough for an eques tu m p formance Here we parade for some minutes, endeavouring to keep ourselves warm Presently, the artiUnv are directed to enter the palace But such an entrance' How remained dowagers accomplish the feat of getting in is a mystery ' After in spection by the female domestics of the palace, in c gain the Lord Chamberlain's table, and upstairs we go passing a number of ladies, vi who occupy an overlooking recess, and also another recess, horn which several gorgeously dressed individuals are surveying the scene We mine at a landing, where the title of the vanity represents 1 by the Ve)ltiiiteer" is most politely taken and after gazing with admir action on the gigantic beefeaters, enter a pretty the room, through which we pass into another p partitioned off by a hamer, their endow s of which look upon the gardens At the request to uncover,' we imme eli itch doff our beavers Here we are marsh died according to the rank in the Army List, the lion Mr Poiihtmbj courteously doing all in his power to assist du light men in the light pi ice But how close is the atmosphere ' longingly do we think of Mr Mackenzie and SSt George shall where the air is always fresh and balmy Timidly do we v nature quietly to open a window, little by little, feeling the reproof of a gentleman at arms or a beefeater. flow well are we rewarded by the fresh, chilly breeze which penetrates through the apartment . Give us the pure au of the Polar regions rather than the miasma of the crowded pilation' Invigorated, wo patiently stand, whilst others are forming in our re u But, alas, "forward" is the command, and we lose cm open window, and symptoms known only to sail forces by sea sickness cheap "Vainly strive we against painful intern £1 emotions. - retreat is inevitable Hosperatc is the prospect, but we venture it Through 2000 riflemen, forming the lern aid of patriotic devotees, we urge our way, admiring many, amused at others and ridiculing few familiar faces abound How delicious the air outside ' delightful the odour of saw dust! Revivified, were enter- the palace, again we struggle through yielding TI firemen (always courteously treated until we reach our previous just in time to obey the order to advance into the drawing room, the next "apartment to the throne room Hole we form four deep in three lines Her Majesty is, at pected at 2 15-ton o hours to wait ' The delay is not rendered more agreeable even by the musical quarters of a gilded clock The gentlemen at arms with their halberds, fed helmets, nodding plumes, and top-boots BOOH pull upon the sight Nature, already exhausted by the want of pure in, gives way Rest must he had But how ?. Brilh mt idea ' What is a "busby ' good form but to sit down upon An evh lusted and firemen sets the example, and " rubies become for the first time as useful as the by nreomainental, flattering were the encomiums on Mander and Allender, when the articles stood the strain Here placidly do we wait, listening to J shark expression broad "Scotch, great complaisance at its own appearance. How in debted do ghostly) volunteers feel to a Samaritan boot, who produces from his pockets adults or not But what a delicious-. draught of fresh air ' Everybody seems revived Some adventurous artillerymen has refused the upper sash of a window. The sensation that fresh air is necessary even to volunteers begins to prevail, and eng it is the struggle to obtain it The successful pines, not content with a limited supply, open the lower sash, and thrusting their neck out, they imbibe his giving draughts Vomly do those in the immech its vicinity complain of the bitter and snow minuted by me, , they are overpowered by the murmurs of rebel Horn the miss the most acute sufferers remain, squatted, a la lurk, under the window, inhaling with gusto the frosty blasts 'from the garden, and v armed in the car by the out- going lit it Presently carriages are seen over the hedges in front, then the Life Guards, and, preceded I and followed by several others, comes the Royal carriage, drawn by two cream- coloured horses, which evidently are unaccustomed to speed. They drew up at the. portico, and how we do pity the unfortunate coachmen and grooms, who, notwithstanding their beautiful pink stockings, gold he coin" and swords, appear in a frozen condition. Dumil do they look when ordered to remain for nearly three hours for her Majesty's return. 21st hark the throne-room doors open. Her Majesty is prepared to greet her loyal volun. tcers. Tile stream pours in, and, as we advance to the Presence-chamber those who had already been presented file out, looking like "league's ghosts." With solemn step and downcast eye, their appearance is rather that of men who have been stunned by a sudden sentence than of loyal subjects who have attained an earnestly sought for honour. But our turn comes, and we advance in single file" obeying the orders of the officials, "Slowly, gentle! men, slowly no hurry no crowding," until, pen ing the file of Lord-Lieutenant, we cast our eyes upon the unmistakable figure of the Queen, star her, in the midst of the line of figures, with -a crippled semi-circular in front of her, through which we have to file. Nervousness does not overcome us, but, though we deliberately make a left face and back- to the Queen. we overlook own., we" I presume, to the dimness of the right, to 1 our regret, the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, a Royal Princess and the Duke of Cambridge. But we fortunately escaped the conti stamps which happens to another officer, who, in his determination to do the thing, steps so far back as to damage a dowager's corns, and start an excruciating bitter. We plead guilty to not having overlooked the charming blue ' eyes of a noble lady of honour who stood behind her Majesty. As we pass out we look upon a large pan full of riflemen, dressed in all the colours of the ram. bow, conspicuous among them being some Cornulu , men, dressed like Mr. W. Laird's coal-carters, in lively mauve coats, with high turned down collars, slashed with scarlet. Much were they being > " chaffed," and many were the interrogatories, whether they had taken off their coats for coolness. In the court-yard we find the Guards' band playing, Passing the gateway, where the Guards present arms to the volunteer field officers, we find the street densely crowded, notwithstanding the snow, with spectators, and carriages filled with ladies. Every soldier we pass salutes us, at which we are excess sively pleased, flattering ourselves that our hopes. ance is decidedly martial, if not to the manner room. Next morning we look anxiously for papers, ambu tions of seeing our names in print, but disgusted when we see it cut in two, and a letter dropped out, so as to render it not only very unrecognisable, but ridiculous in sound. The freedom of the city of Glasgow is to be conferred on Sir John Lawrence. 