Ml S CE L L AM E OUS. RATIOXALR OF ADVERTISING.-Advertising [a an oxpo dient for obtaining business by no moans generally prac- ticed. Many tradesmen are dotorred by tito oxponsoj sonsa havo no faith in its efficacy; others think it a mark of second rate status in business, and tharoforo mora apt to bo injurious than otherwise. On the otbor band somo tradusmen make a systom of advertising, planting every kind of periodical (rom tho daily nowspaper to the quar- terly review, with specifications of their anxiety to servo tho public, and the merits of the articles in which choy deal, and evidently spending a considerable sum of money yearly in this way. The unconcerned roedor arid tho less acute tradosman, struck by tbs frequency nf theso appeals for business, are apt to suppose th it be who. makes thom mast be less uador tho influence of wisdom than of folly, and.a good deal of a pretender or a qnack into tho bargain. Thoio may bo oven a class who make * principle o ('disbelieving and disregarding all such appeals and like the Irishman, whoa much entreated to cima tho moro they won't come. Yet.tho regular disohargo of ad- vertisements keeps up rievurtbsleis, and the trader mun evidently lind it serviceable upon ibo wholo. It may bo worth wbilo to communicate to young tradesmen tho ideas of nn old ono upon tho suljcct. Thoy aro simply and briefly as follows: " Tho fl rut utility of frequent and ro gulur advertising consists in this-there is at ail timos a largo clara of persons, both ia country and town, who havo no ti Ked places for the purchase of certain necessary arti- cles, and arc ready to be swsyod and drawn towards any particul-tr place which is oarucs'ly btougbt under their notice. Indifferent to all, they yield without hesitation to thcSrst who asks.' Then, in the country, a considerable camber ol porsoas who wish a supply of tho article adver- tised, and do not know of any particular place where it is ta bo got, being thus furnisbod with tho address of a por son who can mipply them, naturally open a communication with that address, which perhaps leads to much ulterior bnsiness. People in tho country arc also Hablo to bo fa- vourably impressed by the frequent sight of a nuino in tho newspapers. The udvortising party acquires a dis- tinction in their eyes, and thus they ara led in making a choice to prefer bim. Hut by far the most'import- ant effect of advertising is ono of an indirect nature It conveys the impression that the party-pretending or not pretending, quackish or not quackish-is anxious for business. One who is anxious for busineds is unavoidably supposed to bo ari industrious, attentive, and civil person, who keeps the best bf articles' at the çboapest rate, does everything in the neatest and most trndcsrminliko man- ner, and in general usos every expedient to gratify and attach customers. People, of coursa, liko to purohaso' under those circumstances, and the systom of advertising assuring thom that su^h circumstances exist nt this parti- cular shop, they select it accordingly." Such aro tba opinions of the i-ld tradesman alluded to, and they aro cortuiuly supported by fact ; for whenever an extensive and regular sysluui nf advertising is practised, and no hack-drawing or unconquerable circumstances exist, it is usually soin to bo attended with a considerable share of succoss. One feature in tho philosophy of the subject must bc carefully nttondod to. A faint and infrequent system of advertising does not succeed..not evengu pro- portion. "Drink deep, or taste not tho PierinrKepring." Chambers'Journal. " "? Mit BnuNiit,.- Tho London Guardian, in no article on tho Uto Mr Brunel, gavo tho following among tho anec- dotes which ure current of bis baldness and presence of mind:-'. On ono occasion bo was crossing in a basket whian somo years ago bung from a rope stretched from rock to rock, answering tho purpose of a suspension bridge, across the Av n at Clifton. Somo hitch occurred in tho tackling, and tho basket remained fixed in the middle swinging frightfully over tho river, some 30O feet below Brunel coolly climhod tho ropo, disengaged thu knots,'and was drawn back in safety." Audacity was one leading feature of Brunel's engineering character. An nnecdoto is related which illustrates this strikingly. Brunel held views in contradiction to those of his brethren, as lo the employment of a peculiar kind of Roman cement in rail- way bridge building. Other engineers objected to its uso, as it hardened too fast to allow tho work to settle properly. Not so Brunel. Trusting to his own view, he used this mortar in one of the first large bridges constructed by them for the Great Weitem lino. lt fell soon after its orection. Brunel entered tho room where the directors wore assembled in discomfilted conclavo, to discuss tho accident. " i congratúlalo yon, gentlemen on the fall of \-- bridge," was Brunel's entry on the Bubjoct. " Con- gratulate usl nn nn accident involving disaster and tho loss ;of £-Î" was tho angry and amazed rejoinder. " C -rt linly," slid Brunel coolly, " I was just about to put up 2110 bridges on the samo principle." WALKING ON THC WATKR.- Toronto Globe, of Sept 19, contains nn account of nn extraordinary feat pcrformod by Mr Hickok, a ics dent of Toronto, hoing no other than that of walking upon tho water, by means ot na apparatus he has invented. Ou the previous Saturday aftornoon, a party invited to witness tho fest proceeded to the Don B tnt ¡on, and on arriving ht tho spot indicated, pdpablo o-ddence was soon alfotded that his invention, despite the doubts generally enieruin.d, would enable him to walk upon the water, for thero he wai, in tho middle of thc Don, miking bis way ag rust tho current, which, at this placo, runs rather quickly. He toon neared tho purty, and when within speaking distance turned r und with tho greaten possible case. Ho bad in his hand a email polo, scarcely large onough to alford him.any assistance, so far as preserving his balanco was concerned. That be could do without it was soon proved, for he threw it from him, receiving in lieu thereof, from a man who accompanied h m in a boat, a walking-stick of ordinary size He com- menced his return down tho river, proceeding vory steadily and almost ns quickly as a pedestrian upon dry land wh'.n walking at a moderate paco. Ba ore going far he threw the stick from him. but shortly afterwards resumed tho polo. To the nnl okci'3 bo nppoarod to do quito ns well without it. When nearly out of sight ho retraced his Bte ps, and again came opposito the party. In reply to a question asked be said ho was not at all fatigued. After promenading f r a few minutes moro, having been on the water at least half an bour, ho got inti the boat and was rowed to land. Tho Bhoes by which this extraordinary foat was.porformod aro of tia, nnd, it is statud, about -tfcot long, nnd capable of being packed into a small space, but tho mechanism employed remains lor tbe present a secrot. . . A Jouas ON A TREADMILL-A story is told of Baron P-, who, whon once visiting a penal institution, in- spected tlie " mill" with the rest, and being practically disposed, tho learned judge philanthropically trusted him' seit npon its treads, desiring tho warden to set it in mo- tion. Tho machine was accordingly adjusted, nnd his lordship begin to lift his foot. In a few minutes, how- ever, bo had had quito enough of it nnd called to bo re- leased, bat this wax not so rosy " 1'loaso my l-.rd," said tho man, "you can't get off, it's set fjr twenty minutes, tint's the shortest time we caa malte it go " Su, nrJcns valais, Ibo judge was in durance li Ito Signor Ricoab.,cca in the stocks, except that ho was obliged to keep " moviug on" nntit his " term1' expired. À HAPPY DisTi.voruN.-" You've no wife, T'belnve. said Mr Slunk lo his neighbour. "No, sir," was thc re ply, "I never was married." "Ah," said Mr Blank, "you aro a happy dog." A short timo after, Mr Blank, in addressing a marrioJ rona, said, -' You have a wife, bb?" " Mos, Bir, a wife ood threo ohildren." " Indeed," said Mr Blank, "you oro a happy mun," "Why, Mr Blank,"said one of tho company, "your romnrks to thc unmarried and married sojm to conflict somewhat " /'Not ot all, not at ull, sir. There is a difference ia my state- ments. Please to ba moro observing sir, I said tho man who hud no wifo waa a happy dog, and tho mau who had a wife was a bappy man. Nothing conflicting, sir, nothing at all. .I know what I say, sir." . NICKNAMES.-No name, however, can oscapo from being turned into ridicule, by adding to it a droll prefix. Lyon, whom I know at college, u great coxcomb, to his borious distress, was everywhere gree'ed as " Dandy Lyon." No man was ever more annoyed than'hé was by this ridiculous juke, and great H OB his relief when he in- herited an estate, with tho privilege of assuming the narnu of "Wieder" Had be laid abide his absurd nt le of drees, lt is possible ho might thus have oícapad tho ridi- cule to which ho had exposed himself; but his relentless companions merely altered Mn nickiinino. nnd ba was over afterwards known as '. Beau Windor."- Dub'in Universllu Magazine. 1 UK CnAniTT THICK.-Breslau, a celebrated 'joggler,' being ai C iiiterbury with his t-oop. met with such bad success that they were nlninst i.lnrved. Ho ropnirod to the churchwarden!1, and promised to glvo tho profita of a night's conjuration to the poor, if tho parish , would par for hiring a . room, ilse. The chnrltnblo bait took, the' benefit proved nbumpor, and nojet morning the church- warden's waited upon tho wizird to touch thö receipt«. " I have nlrendy disposed of dem," sahl ? Breslau ¡ " the profits nero for do poor. I have I opt in; promise,' aud given do money to my own people, who are do poorest in dis pari«h I"- "Slr I" exclaimed tho churchwardens,' "thia is a trick,"-" I kn)w-it," roplied tba conjuror, " J live by uly^ tricks," There 1< a niau at Dorking so polite, that ho invariably savs when passing a hon on hcrqoat, " 1) n't risc, ma'am." S/I'IIIB almost equals tho pnlitonoss of n friend nf ours, who, i n taking his scat on a- conchboK, 'always .deemed it his duty tu enquire of tho diivcr on which sido ho 'would pro for to iii I ' ' .' NOT TO nu FODND IN Boawsr-t.-"IB it wrong, Doc- tor, to holiovo in ghosts?" .'No, sirj no moro wrong than in believing in you lt may bo foolish i but thora being no substance ur foundation Ipr tho belief, tho folly, sir, is quito immaterial,-Slr Punch's Unpublished Atwdolcs of Dr Johnson, - WHAT SHIM. I TAKBT - A'lady acquaintance, young, lovoly, and intelligent, called in a celobratod physician to " do something" for' a rush of blood to the hoad, »» |. hnve boen doctoring myself." said tho languid fair one, with a smile, to the bluff though hind Al. D" while he was feeling her pulso. " Ah ! how?'' " Why, I have talton Brandrutb's pills, Staluburn's pills, Sand's sarsaparilla, Jayne's expectorant, mod Dr Sherman's lozenges and plastor, nnd-" " Guod gracious, midam!" interrupted tho astonished doctor, "all these things do your com- plaint no good." , No I then what shall 1 tako ?'. pet- tishly enquired tho patient. " Take !" exclaimed tho doctor, eyeing liar from head to foot " Take !'» ox claimed ho, ofter moments of reflection-"tako, why take off your corsot. HOOARTH AMD TXTB NOBLEMAN.-A nobleman who was both plain and deformed, sat for his picture, which was J> executed in Hogarth's happiest manner, and with singifC lar and rigid fidelity. Tho peer, disgusted nt this coun- terpart of bl« doar self, waa n >t disposed , very readily to ' pay for a reflection that would only insult him with his deformities. After some time had elapsed, and numer- ous unsuccessful applications bad been made for pay mont, the painter resortod to an expedient whioh ho know ' must alarm the nobleman's prido. Be sont him a card, 1 with his dutiful respects, stating that "if his lordship did not send for it in thrco dnys, it would bo disposod of to Mr Paro, tho famous wild boast man, Mr Hogarth hav- ing given that gentleman a confidential promiso of il, for nn exhibition picture outside \\\U van, on his lordship's rorusal." Tho intimation had the desired effect ; tho picture wftR paid for. TUB SotntRR's CAM.-It mnst bo confessed that in tho way of flogging the British Army outstrips every other army in the world. It ls too bad that tho British soldier, who never allows tho enemy to seo his back, shonld bo called npon to exhibit it to his own country UIOQ I '-Punch. A son of tho Emorald Tala on hoing told that a friend of his had put his monoy in the stock«, replied, " Och, nn i'ts thoro ye aro 1 Troth, on' I novor had n tannin in tho stocks, but, ho tho holy poker, I've had my brogues there oftener than I liked, sure." One old Irish darno asked another, touching some par- . son recently deceased, tho followinor' question: " Eh, doar, Judy, îUnnuh. iv what did ho die?"-" Ayoh. don," re- plied Judy, "bc died lo a Tuesday, I'm tould."-Cody's Cork and the Cor/conlans. IRISH ALI. OVER I-An Irish paper, describing tba talking fish, says, "it is. quito araru avis." This bull, howover. comes in most happily, as it present* us with, a combination that occurs but rarely, of fish, flesh, and fowl. \- Punch. TlIK CoNONORnM THAT WON TUB PRrJÎ'3 AT THE LAST GRAND BILLINGSOATB FLOWKB. SHOW.-Supposing yon have got a fish, when is it like n flower? When you havo got a mignionetto (Aim tn your net).-Punch. Fifty guests once ato everything a certain, man had in hi9 house. Tho next guest he turned out bv simply point- ing to the dato box What was tho dato?-March 4th, .'58. (VTarch forthl-fifty nto!) A doctor's wlfo attempted to movo him by lier tenrs. " Ahl" said ho, " tears aro usoloss. I havomalysed thom. They contain a little phosphate of limo, soma chlorate ol sodium, and water." Some wicked rascal says "that ho has invented a new telegraph." Ile proposes lo placo a lino of women Aft; I BtcpB apart, and commit tho nows to thc first as a profoumi secret: . . 