HUNTING. JfXE'XlTOt ?WXTBX IKE MErinOTJUSE T* the Editor of BdVi Lift in Victoria. Dn ui Bell, — The scurry after the dingo that has so daringly made the vicinity of Flemlngton the scene of his ravages on livo mutton and veal camo off last Satur dav as 1 informed vou it would, and afforded a tolorablo amount of sport to the fow who were really well mounted. The meet was at Bannister's Racecourse hotel, at eight in tho morning, and tho, lovely weather after the recent rain, which ensured a good scent, attracted many of the regular uruJsera mm « bjjiiiim»u£, v. «iw«,».«». »«w worthy master is a most punctual man, and ho waxed rather wroth at. two or three of the fellows whom he knew were coining being behindhand; but in five minutes the expected field were in attendance, and wo trotted off after th« 'darlings,' whom Fred., tho whip, had gone on with. On overhauling then, it pleased me much to see that the month's daily exercise they have now had has made a striking difference in their condi tion, the inch-thick fat bavin* left their ribs, whilstcoats and eyes looked healthy and lively. I must mention, by-the-byc, that as the season has not begun, the caval cade wero all in mufti, ' pink ' not being sported until the opening day en rtglt. The nags did not num ber many ofthe crack limber-crossers amongst them, the only well-known horses out being Littlo Wonder, Nim rod, Mocking Bird, Long Dog, Comm, Charlton, Stranger, Buck, and Hecter O'Halloran. I may say, however, that a young horse of Mr. B.'s, and a promising animal belonging to Mr. Thompson, did their w«rk remarkably well for the first timo across country after hounds. Within half a m'ie »f tho tryst the hounds were drawn across a paddock where the varmint had been seen early in the morning, and they almost immediately dashed forward on his trail. Uufortunately, a cur, that was in company with a plough team, ran yelping away just as they opened in full chorus, and the inevitable consequence was that they pinned him before you could say Jack Robinson ! They w«rp soon flegged «ff, and a mni,i --iit. forward rrnt them on the line again. But here an awkward impediment, in the way of a higbisk fence on n slippery sideling stopped everybody for some seconds, the horses not beinc able to get a rise at it. Mr. Watson and two or three others to«k the one at right angles int» the roal, but Mocking Bird's rider wouldn't ho be.it, and got a grasser in getting over at the secoid attempt. The little horse hit hard, and cami down lumpus, Mr. C. riding him pluckily to the ground. A succession of fences now had to hi crossed or rimmiil through, the hounds being airay at a rattling paco, and the scent lot. The direction was over Mr. Milltr's and Mr. King's farms, and over tho steep hills that look down on the Saltwater river to the left of the Ktilor road, the going being very heavy in conssquence of tht late rains, and much of tha land being nnder cultivation. Had it not been, indeed, that convenient lanes allowed certain pf tht tyros t« be there or thereabouts to pull a top rail down when somg of us were pounded, few would have seen the pack again ; and, as it was, thoy kopt a long way in the vim. After a spin of some seven miles, the last of which was sevsro uphill work, the hounds were seen crowding all tail d«wn to a winding creek, tbt leaders icing within a very few yards of th« wurrigal, and a booming, fellow he saemed. Here an awkward fenci loomed in our direct way, and only Chailton and Stranger jumped it, tho former nearly discharging his game rider in the deed. Tht others who happened to bo up galloped down to the creek and worked their way up its bed ; but on reaching a spot where the pack had dashed pell-mell into a water hole, not a vestigs was there of the wild dog. Ho had disappeared like tho oft quoted ?' baseless fabric,' and not loft a single track behind. The hole was sounded all over with rails, in the hope he was drowned, but in vain ; and an active search on the banks and the neighbouring rocks was equally unsuccessful, so that tho villlan must have 'planted*1 in the mysterious way those acquainted with the habits of the animal are aware he often docs. As nothing more could be done, the master ordered us all home, and none were very sorry, as their horses w«ro pretty well blown- Though disappointed of a brush, the satisfaction, at any rate, was obtainad of knowing that the quarry was a veritable dingo, and likely to afford us a merry dance another day. A little moro condition and practico will make horse, hound, and man better fitted for the really hard work, nnd enable the ' Ghost' to narrate moro moving ' tnlc9 of flood and Hold' than the present Some of the bipeds and quadrupeds, as ho said before, behaved well in the midit of difficulties, hut thedoponent cannot hector on his own performances nt all, at all ! If it be fine on this Saturday thcro will be ' another little go,' and vou shall hear all about it from NIMROD'S GHOST. MKLnouUNE Hu.it Cr.un. — Tho members of tho M. II. C. will meet at Kirk's Bazaar, at three o'clock on ?Thursday, to arrange tho necessary preliminaries, financial and otherwise, for the coming season, and the Master hopes there will be a strong muster to encourage him. 'When yonng Hodge first came up to town his failier told him it would bo polite when being helped to dlnnor, to say to the host, ' Half that, If you please.'. It bo happened that at the flrjt dinner to which lie was invited a'sucklnp; pig was ono of the dishes. Tho host, pointing with hij knife to tho young porkor, asked, ' WeU, Mr. Hodge, will y»u have this our favourite dish, or haunch of mutton 1' Upon wlrch, recollecting his lesson, ho replied, ' Half that, it you please,' to the consternation of nil present ' A tEBPETUAi. Stiukh.— A bus drummer is con tinually striking for wages. The Matbimonial Codb.— Tho husband reigns, but it is the wifi) who governs.— Punch: Queky BY A Lahdsman.— Does n ship wear whale bone in her stays, and docs she ever suffer from tight lnelng? ? A Pjiintsr'b Excuse.— A writer called at his frir.tor'i nnd accused the comp ifltor of not having punc uated his poem, when tho typo earnestly replied, ' I'm not » pointer — I'm n setter.' Sam Sliok oh Boaud a Smr.— If it warn't for sea sickness, which is a merciful dispensation of Providence, thorewould.be no such thing as travellln' by water, thero would be such a mob of mothers, aunts, daughters, nieces, and little ones, and bo many politicians, tourists, spekilalors, and idlers, there would be no room to oat, drink, walk or sleep ; a* it'is, there ain't a bit too much space for theso operations. Oh, it's a great blessing, is sea-Bickness ; like, emigration, it's a great relief where thero is a surplus population, it keeps so many folks away from tfie table, and when it blow) hard, sends such lots of them down to tbo catacombs below. 