RECEPTION OF. POSTULANT TO THE ORDER OF MERCY. The ceremony of the reception of a postulant to the " Order of Our Lady of Mercy," took place yesterday, in the church of St. Francis, Elizabeth-street, in the presence of a large con- gi gation. The Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Roman Catholic 13 shop, was the celebrant, and was assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.O., the Very Rev. Dean Hayes Geelong's and several of the clergy in and around Melbourne. The choir had the benefit of the assistance of Miss Macarthy and Mr. Ewart. The church was prepared in the usual manner for the solemnity, a large space in front of the altar being set apart for the accommodation of the religious, the postulant, and her immediate friends. The postulant, Miss Kate Collins, was attended during the ceremony by several young ladies, attired in white, and wearing medals and wreaths. The postulant herself was, as usual, bridal costume, and wore a long lace veil, and upon her head a wreath of flowers. The procession entered the church shortly after 10 o'clock, in the following order First, a novice of the only bearing the cross ; then the young ladies, friends of the postulant; the notices; the professed religious, wearing the black veil ; then the postulant, having on either side of her the mother superior and the mother assistant. Next came the acolytes with censers, the clergy, and last of all the bishop, supported by his chaplains. The religious bore papers in their hands. On arriving at the sanctuary steps, the mother superior, holding the postulant by her right hand, both made the genuineness before the blessed sacrament, the bishop and clergy passing within the rails. The superioress and assistant then retired with the rest of the religious to the places appointed for them, the novice elect remaining on her knees. Mass was then celebrated by the bishop, the " Kyrie" and other portions of the service being chanted by the choir and upon the conclusion of the mass, the ceremony of the reception began. The choir chanted the hymn. "O Glo- rose Virginum," and the bishop (without mitre) sang the vesicles and prayer appointed. Next followed the blessing of the wax candle, placed on the epistle side of the altar, the whole of the religious kneeling. The novice elect was then conducted by the assistant and superioress to the altar, where, kneeling in front of the bishop's chair placed in the centre of the altar, she received from him the candle, first kissing the bishop's hand and then the candle. The bishop addressed her in the words of the prayer. At cape, filia Carissima," &c.;, charging her that she should receive the corporal light as an emblem of the inward, to the dispelling of all the darkness of ignorance or error and that, illuminated with the light of divine wisdom, by the fervour of the Holy Ghost, she might deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the church. The novice elect then retired and took her seat in the middle of the choir, and immediately afterwards was conducted as before to the altar, and kneeling, was interrogated -by the bishop, wearing his mitre, and holding the crozier, as follows Bishop My child, what do you demand ? Block. The mercy of God, and the holy habit of religion. Bishop's it with your own free will you demand the holy habit of religion? Elect. Yes, my lord. Bishop (to the superioress).-Reverend mother, have you made the necessary inquiries, and are you satisfied ? Superioress. - Yes, my Lord. Bishop. - My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in. religion to the end of your life, and do you hope to have sufficient strength to carry constantly the sweet yoke of Our Lord Jesus Christ, solely for the love and fear of God? Elect Relying on the mercy of God, I hope to be able to do so. The Bishop, being then divested of his mitre, rose and said, first in Latin and then in English What God has commenced in you may he perfect. Elect. Amen. Bishop.- May the Lord banish from you the old man with his works. The elect again responded, Amen. The novice elect then genuflected, and retired, conducted by the mother assistant and supe- Prioress into the sacristy, to put off her secular 'dross. The choir in the interval chanted the psalms appointed, and the bishop blessed the habit, which had been left at the epistle side of the altar, praying that by it, the emblem of holiness of heart and of contempt of the world, the elect, visibly instructed of her holy intention, might preserve the habit of holy chastity, received through the divine inspiration, and might be clothed with a happy immortality; and further, that, being put on as an index to the knowledge of religion. the elect might, by it. be known among all other women to be dedicated to God, and that it might be to her a protection of safety, a mark of religion, a beginning of holiness, and a strong defence against all the weapons of the enemy, that, persevering in Charity, she might be enriched with a hundred fold reward. Having concluded this prayer, the bishop sprinkled the habit with holy water, and delivered it to one of the religious to take to the novice elect. He then blessed the veil in like manner, praying that the elect might always preserve what was mystically signified thereby. The veil being sprinkled the bishop resumed his mitre, and awaited the return of the novice, who, shortly afterwards, re-entered, attired in the habit of a novice, and accompanied as before. The choir, as she did so, sang the beautiful metaphor " Qua? est ista ?" The bishop then, turning towards the postulant, made over her the sign of the cross, and said the prayer appointed, the whole of the religious kneeling. Then, his mitre being removed, he said another short prayer, and sat down, resuming his mitre. The novice gave her candle to the mother assistant and being conducted by the latter and the superioress to the altar, knelt and received the creature from the bishop, kissing first his hand and then the cincture, the bishop pronouncing simultaneously the words, When thou wast younger, thou didst give myself 5s. The novice then rose, and bowing to the superioress, presented the creature to her, The superioress at once girded her in the usual manner, and furnished her with the heads and crucifix. The novice then knelt, and received from the bishop the white veil, which was fastened by the superioress, and next the church cloak, which she also presented to the superiors in the same manner as the creature. The bishop said the prayer, " Ikddat Ubi Dominus slogan immortalitatU." The novice, thus clothed, genufleeted, and, receiving Her candle from the mother assistant, retired, and knelt down, being sprinkled with holy water by the bishop, saying an appropriate prayer. At its conclusion, the novice, rising, declared her renunciation of the world, using the following solemn words The empire of the world, and all the grandeur of this earth, I have despised for the love of Our Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart incline th.e These words were repeated by the carriers, and the novice, retiring a few steps, the religious song in Latin, in a clear and touch- ing tone, the expressive canticles, " My heart hath uttered a good word : I speak my words to the King being answered by the choir, also in Latin, with the words "Whom I have seen, whom I have loved," ice. This was one of the most effective and beautiful features in the ceremony, and made a deep impression on all present. As the canticles concluded, the novice knelt down, and, giving her candle to the mother assistant, prostrated herself full on her face; the clergy and religious knelt, and the choir song the "Veni, Creator Spiritus." The clergy and religious then rose and turned to the altar, the novice still remaining prostrate, while some prayers were said by the bishop. At their conclusion the bishop, advancing to the rails of the altar, sprinkled the prostrate form of the novice with holy water. She then rose, and together with the mother assistant, made a genuflexion to the blessed sacrament. The assistant next conducted her to the superioress, to whom she knelt, and who at once raised and embraced her. She then proceeded to embrace the other religions, bowing to each M she did so, and receiving her candle from the mother assistant, took her place according to rank among the religious. The candles for benediction were then lighted, and the choir sang the psalm of rejoicing, " Ecce quant bonum." After this, benediction of the most holy sacra- ment was given by the bishop, the choir singing the beautiful hymns, " O Salutaris" and " Tan ' turn Ergo." The ceremony concluded with a short sermon appropriate to the occasion by the Rev. Dr. Barry. The novice takes the name, in religion, of Sister Mary of Mercy. A LARGE number of most valuable material and meteorological instruments were forwarded by the Government to Sydney last month by the Australian mail packet Delta. Banker's dir. CUuXT. MALICIOUS MISCHIEF On Saturday night some malicious scoundrel gave a dose of leading cork to a valuable calf, the property of Mr. James Gleeson, of Warrenheip, from the effects Of Jh'fU A'H**-.uThe owner s offered a reward of 500 for the apprehension of the delin- quent Ballarat Star. RonuKRY AT MARYUOBOUQH.-An impudent robbery was perpetrated on Wednesday. A man who was purchasing some trifling articles at a store belonging to Mr. Simpson, situated near 85 Tears' took the, as"se. containing £90, out of Mrs. Simpson's hands, and escaped with it Before she could give an alarm. Notnwe of the money has yet been found. "CITY 