BETSY BROWN. A TRUE STORY. This story, in all its essential points, is, we believe, strictly and literally true; and it will probably be thought by most of our readers that it affords a confirmation of the common saying, that "truth is stranger than fiction." It may perhaps be proper to add, for the sake of some of our readers, that Tangletown has probably taken its name from the abundance on its shore of that kind of sea-weed often called Tangle.—ED. Blackwood Magazine. ALL must have heard of Mrs Brown, Who kept the old "Cod's Head Hotel," Close to tide mark in TANGLETOWN, Where brightest sea nymphs love to dwell: For in her house, time out of mind, Men fond of fish and frolic dined. And no one surely can forget How fishes there of every fin Rushing to table from the net, Strove, in all shapes, our smiles to win; Some holding in strange mouths strange tails, Like minnows some, and some like whales. But 'tis not of the fishes there That we would speak—my muse and I; For them we have no time to spare— In fact, we've "other fish to fry:" We've doings there most strange to show Of him of ever-bended bow. Good Mrs Brown had daughters twain— Such daughters as you oft may see, At least may look for not in vain, At bar of thriving hostelry: Fine rosy women—rather stout— Better with head-gear than without. Were we to say they were not young, More than was meant we might express: They were—in a politer tongue— Not in their premiere jeunesse; Yet buxom, blooming women still, Killing all round, but hard to kill. BETSY, the eldest—and of her It is that we are now to speak— Was, if we do not greatly err, Not of a temper the most meek: This was, perhaps, the reason why She had not brook'd the marriage-tie. But now at last arrived a day, When, after some few perverse years, Our honest Betsy meant to pay The minister all her arrears: For from a neighb'ring town there came A gallant sergeant, JONES by name. A likely fellow was this Jones-- Six foot and more without his shoes: Not with the rugged high cheek-bones Of sergeant of the kilt or trews, But with the round and ruddy face That speaks of well-breech'd Saxon race. He looked on Betsy—she on him— And the thing was as good as done: He, with such length and strength of limb, She, the whole reg'ment fit to stun: Ere word was spoken you might swear That words were not much needed there. It was the oyster time, and oft To "The Cod's Head" Jones found his way; And there he loved with sawder soft And shell-fish to beguile the day: Dando himself had hid his head, To see the life the sergeant led. It no doubt always seem'd most strange To those who saw him in the bar, That worthy Mrs Brown should change After the thing had gone no far; But, though the reason still is hid, Change she unquestionably did. And Betsy scarce believes her ears, When, just as Jones has "left" one day, She, without word of warning, hears Her mother in a mark'd tone say, "Betsy, no child of his and mine Shall marry sergeant of the Line." Says Betsy, "This is rather late— We've fixed the day for Monday next." But Mrs Brown was stern as fate, Still holding to the self-same text: No daughter of the old "Cod's Head" Shall ever with a sergeant wed. And when the sergeant came next day, Instead of oysters, as before, He found, to his no small dismay, Only the outside of the door: For Mrs Brown, who "knew her place," Shut the old "Cod's Head" in his face. Fish is but fish, and flesh but flesh— And some things neither well can bear: Jones, while "The Cod's Head" wound was fresh, Lost something of his jaunty air; But after season due of grief, He look'd around, and found relief. For at "The Soldier's Joy" there dwelt A maiden like "the unsunn'd snow;" And Jones now look'd on her, and felt What only men like Jones can know: He look'd on her by morning sun, And in the ev'ning they were ONE. Swift the next morning speed the news To "The Cod's Head"—and all that day, Though food she might not quite refuse, Betsy was in a dreadful way; And oft she cried, and stoutly too, "Oh, mother, mother, this is you!" Good Mrs Brown, what could she say? No doubt she was right glad at heart, Yet she spoke little through the day, And doubly plied each household art; But evening came, and then she said, "Oh, Betsy, Betsy, go to bed!" These were the words the mother said: And now mark Betsy's, in reply— "My bed to-night will be a bed That none among you need envy!" They thought she spoke of broken rest; But Betsy knew her meaning best. The morning dawns—and what a scene What clothes are these all strew'd about? They're Betsy 's clothes—what does it mean? Naked by night, she has gone out-- She has gone out—it is too clear— And thrown herself from off the pier! And well may some folks now recall Those words of hers the night before: For now, of course, to one and all Their real, dreadful sense they bore: The bed that was her bed to be, Was at the bottom of the sea! Hard things are said of Mrs Brown, Ev'n by her sister, Mrs SNODY: But the chief thought throughout the town, Is now the finding of THE BODY: And boats are searching all around, And no doubt it will soon be found. For days they search, both far and near, But still the search is all in vain: "NO-BODY," boatmen say, "is here, 'Tis useless quite to search again: The tide was strong, and it may be Many and many a mile at sea." But now a certain SIMON SNIPE Call'd to inquire for Mrs Brown: A little man, of judgment ripe, The oracle of Tangletown: A man who might be said to bring His beak to bear on ev'rything. Snipe with the little servant-maid Of "The Cod's Head" some converse had; And she, poor SUSAN, sobbing, said, "Oh, Mr Snipe, it's very sad! It really oversets me quite — I saw Miss Betsy's ghost last night!" Simon a ghost had never seen— But thought, in his peculiar way, "If through the night it here has been, It can't be far off through the day:" And then he sniff'd about, and said, "Have you look'd into that press bed?" Behind the mangle was that bed— Behind the mangle, in the wall; And it had enter'd no one's head Ever to think of it at all; But there seem'd something in the air That said to Snipe, "The ghost is there." And now, who will believe my tale? Snipe opens wide the press-bed door, And forth there comes, of cheese and ale, Fragrance that bed ne'er knew before; And there is Betsy, safe and sound— There, there she is—the body's found! And what said Betsy? nothing more Than we are now to tell to you; She look'd out at the press-bed door, And said to Snipe and little Sue, "Have I not served my mother right Have I not given her a fright?" Yet afterwards 'twas her delight, Among her chosen friends, to tell About the ghost that walk'd at night, And stored its press-bed pantry well, And saw the boats at break of day Seeking its body in the bay. Years now have pass'd; and many a change We all have seen in all around; But amidst things both new and strange, The old "Cod's Head" may still be found: Old—and old fashion'd, if you will-- But there it is—"The Cod's Head" still. And still, when passing by its door, We sometimes feel as if the breeze Upon its waving pinions bore A SOMETHING as of ale and cheese, Still speaking of the old renown Of THE PRESS-BED AND BETSY BROWN! 