GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. -9 UuBBOrsxEBED DOGS. - Notwithstanding (tlio examples which are weekly mntlo nt tho JRolice Office by finine persons who have ne- glected to register t'ioir dogs, there aro yet ¡many persons who bavo disregarded tho warn- ing. We beg to caution these persons against persisting in their neglect, us the means adop- ted by the Police to discover them is not de- spondent upon chnncc,'but constitutes ii systeuia we portion of routine duty. Wo would advise, therefore, every owner of a dog not registered tolosa no timo in complying with tho law in this respect in order to avoid tho unpleasantness of a summons to tho Polico Office, and its still $»ore unpleasant consequence,-n pecuniary .One, CABKON TO POBLICAKS.-Yesterday pt tho Italic« Office a publican of this city was fined for neglecting to inscribo his name on tho house in the terms proscribed by tho LiccnsingAct. In this case thero were extenuating circumstances, the fault being with tho painter mid not with the landlord, but as some of the parties who obtained transfers at the last Licensing Day may not have complied with tho law in this respect, we would advise them to do so without delay to avoid the risk of a summons hoforo tho Police Bench, and a pecuniary penalty that may «mount to £3 and costs. PBOEESSOK B03HELL arrived in Sydney from Moreton Bay on Salar Jay evening, and will .commence a farewell engagement for twelve nights at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday next, at tho conclusion of which hopioceedsto tasmania en route for California. As this will positively bo the last opportunity our readers will ¿ave of witnessina the extraordinary mani- festations educed hy this gentlcinin's ungular. »elver?, wo have no doubt they will avail them petoqs of it to investigate tho wonders of that ' seemingly magic art of which the professor is so unrivalled a master.-Sydney Empire. iSiE PçofMjB OP DKMEIIAKA. -A people s > happily satiated with their own position I neve? saw elsewhere, cxecpt at Barba docs. And how could they fail to be satisfied, looking at their advantages? A million hogsheads ot aqgir to bo made when the cpojics come ! They do not, the most of thom, appeal to tho land as being that of their nativity, but they lova it no less than that of their adoption. " Look at me," says ono, " I bavo beon 3D years without .leaving it, sud have never had a headache." I look and see a remarkably halo man of 40 I ' should say, but ho says 5<>. " That's nothing,'' ~ «ay« another, who certainly may bo stricken in year«, " I bavo boon here fivc-anrl-flfty years and have never been ill but once, when I was foolish enough to go to England. Ugh ! I shall r.ovoi forget it. 'Wby.Sir, there was frost in October," *' Yes," I said, " and snow in .May sometimes. It is not all sunshine' with mo, whatever it may be with you." "Not that wo have toj much sunshine," interposed a lady, "you don't think we have, do you f " "Not in the least, Who could ask moro, madam, than to bask in «ich ¡sunshine as yoma from ycar'B end to year's ?end?" " And is commerce flourishing ?" I .sked of «gentleman in trade. " Flourishing ßir. If you want to mako money, hero's your* ¡ground. Why,Sir, hero ia this wretched little «treet, there has been moro money turned in tho Host IO years thsn, than, than-"and ho rura maged among tho half-crowns in his breecher , > pocket for a simile, as though not a few of the profits spoken of had found their ¡pay' thither. * Do you eyer find it dull hero ?" I asked of hay, perhaps not with very good issue, for we Englishmen bave sometimes an idea that there is perhaps a little sameness about life to a small colony ' Dull 1 no Whit should make us dull P We linve a great deal moro to ninuse US than most of you have at home" lins might perhaps bo true of many of us ' We havo dance nnd dmnor partió-" mid private theatricals And thou lira-' Now Mrs- was tho cover nor's wife, and all oulORiums on society m Georgetown alwnjs ended with an eul0L,min upon hor -Trollope s West Indus GAUIBAIDI TO THK LADIIS OP ITALY - General Guribnl li has just addressed tho follow wg proclamation to the ladies of Italy - ' \Vhon tho ladies of Milan, Venice, nnd other Italian cities asked at evening parlies, their children, friends, or lovers if they wore not going to tho holy war, and in this way increased the ranks of tho liberating army with tho young, the brave, and tim ilhistruu* -then, I say, Uley gave to the character of this epoch the brilliant stamp of female patriotism, which, according to history, bears witness to us of i ho valour of the Roman S, artan and Carthaginian women Well, these ladies, these women, wor J thy of the times of ancient Italy, who sent to us their hcloi ed ones, to us their brothers bj blood, will they now refuse to throw their su perfluitioä into tho balance for the redemption of linly ? The Indies Cniroh of Pnvin Martinez, Deorcht, Sinon, Burne irdi of Como, Pnllavicino, Speri, Popoh, Snlvi, luvothey no corar ules in heart in tho 100 cities of Italy ? Arc there not thousands of women like tho Vcrri, Cisaui, Mautegazza, Ainldi Adunólo I omellmi, who will throw in tho face of those » ho wish to oppress us their superfluous oma incuts, their jen els their hur their clul Iren evon as a holocaust for the redemption of this people u Inch does not cliooso to he ii shire to tho caprice of foreign princes but deaires to bo plncod on the same footing mid to take its sent by the side of the other nations of Europe who mc our sisters, and of whom we feol ouisclvos woithy ? One lady th n, one woman of every Itali m city town and village must invito the fur so\, invigorited by tho consciousness of hnvin0 achieved a solemn nnd vital act for tho country and tina woinnn must say to all tho rest - Do not come anti oller collars and tiessscs (it lira not jet come to that) but offer youl super fluities to this Itt y, which wo can form in one day Do it without stint . for the poverful ones of tho earth will bow before the millions th it can bo spared from your s ivings before tho million of armed cituem. Wo shall sec no longer our children exposed to the massacres of battle holds and God will bless oui most holy work -O Garibaldi " NOT TO BK ror/i>D is BOSWEOT -' Is it wrong, Doctoi, to behevu in ghosts°" "No Su, no moro wiong thin believing m you It may bo foolish , but there being no substance of foundation foi tho behel the folly, ¡air is quito nnmnterinl "- 1/i Punch's Unpublished Anec dotes of Dr Johnson A bciEMiHO ⅈ AGE -A philosopher's wife attempted to movo lum by her tears "Ah ' ' sud ho " tcais' they aie useless, I havo analysed them They contain a little phosphate of lime, some chloi ate of sodium, mucus and water ' ' 