ENORMOUS ESTIMATES. (From tlio Times 18th Fotmmrjr.) I Whntever W9 may think'of tlu demands upon our pockets which the heads of Departments aro now almost; nightly making, it is impossible to deny tho exquisite candour, the ostentatious frankness, and the great rhetorical ability with which they expand the ' items which cast up into these tremendous totals. Mr. Gladstone's Budget without Mr. Gl.uls'coo's speech would have driven the Houso ol Commons frantic ; but the spear was so very sharp that it entered the li ah without making a nerve quiver, mid even now we aro only askingeach other whether thero are strong symptoms of in- flammation about the parts affáiirínt Lord Clarence Paget's Navy Estimatif were laid open with such candid regret that even tho ghost of Joseph Hunu 1 must have smiled grimly if allowed to revisit his old haunts. Last night Mr. Sidney Herbert, no unpractised rhotorician, carno forward to tell us why it is absolutely necessary that the Army for tho next year should cost us fifteen trillions. The HoUso was not in a hurry to hear the explanation. For five hours and a half they dallied upon iiidilfeTe'iifc subjects. Questions of many kinds, and matters of multifarious character and some of little interest, con- sumed the fresh attention of tho House1. Mr Bouverie, for this once, might have had some reason to feel vexed in soul, and nn Act of Parliament for the suppression of Mr. Darby Griffith seemed at one moment nlmostjiistifiable. But, as thero were pearls in the dung- hill t'f Ennius, so there were points of light in this eli nos. Lord John llusse'll was able to tell the Houso of Commons, what Lord Granville repeated in the Houso of Lords', that at length the Government aro aware of the intentions of the Emperor of the Fiench with rega-d to Savoy. The Emperor, accord- ing to this last phase of his mind, think? that if Sardinia takes Central Italy Ff once has a right to some increaso of territory, but ho tvil not act upt n this conviction without the consent of the people of Savoy, and without" con- sultation" with the great Powers. J tis, of course, pleasant from time lo lime to be informed under which thimble this S'ivoy pea is supposed to lie , but while Mr. Sidney Herbert was anxiously incubating timk enormous egg, and eager to be lid of that fifteen million monstrosity already chipping at its shell, it must have been heartbreaking to have to answer questions nbout target practice grounds mid Woolwich schools, and It) listen to stories about London cabs with infectious linings,and the nature of the accommodation at the Victoria Hotel. AU things, however, must have an end, and even the auim.ited notes of interrogation that punctuate debates were at last exhausted, and Mr. Sidney Heibcrt was allowed to tell the House that he was about to place belora them " the largest Estimates which have ever boen propesed in time of ppnee." He " franltly admitted that they were enonnou?," and with this pleasant preludo lie went at once into the reasons for this vtry candidly stated, but not therefore less unpleasant, fact. Mr. Sicney Herbert, liku all his school, lind three couises open to him. Mr. Gladstone told us that ho had a choice of three means by which to raise the public revenue, and that he might have had a generous Budget with a shilling Income-tax, n shabby Butlgi t with a ninepetiny Income- tax, and n errand Budget with a tenpenny Income-tax ; so Mr. Sidney Herbert had three couises open io him by which to spend what Mr. Glad5Éoiio had raised. First, he might have spent it in moro men ; secondly, ho might have spent it in keeping up the Militia ; and, thirdly, he might spend it by laying in store» of new arms and implements of war. Some peop'o may ask, " Why spend it all ?" and wo should have been prono to rank ourselves among these inquirers if Mr. Herbei t had by any strnngo chance wuudercd from tho traditions of his school, and had chosen any but the third of his three alteinatives. But, when ive ask why it is th.it these Estimates aro £1,982,978 in encsss of last year, and when Mr. lleibcrt answers that all this excess is spent in " new arms and implements of was which the .ulvanco of scienco h. g introduced, whieh tho neigh bout iug countries of Europe ore rapidly adopting, and which wo ourbdves cannot neglect without serious injury to tho relative powers nnd influence of tho country," and when he shows us, moreover, that one-half of I he sum is spent in supplying rifled guns to tho navy, wo have not much left to say against lho increase. Tlio increase is satibfactorily accounted for, but not so tho pedestal from which th.it increase springs. Wo ehope we are not bi und by the thirteen millions of Just year ; for, if we are, wo shall next year be bound by the fiftte millions of tb I tear, and there will '.be somethiilgii Ve'y unusual about the circumstances of"next'ye^ar if it'iiill îlot; 'bring With 'it 'some ¡very, ya\id reasons for an increase upon tho ye.ir before. We pre,,Mr. Herbert tells us, in a transitii a state, and we have to vote a million, and ita run into debt wi h the East Iiidinl servite for no one knows how i mutch more,' on1'account of'tho Chihcue' War. But we are »lways in a transition state. It was Armstrong yesterday» it is Whitworth to-dny, and it may bespmebpdy clue to-morrow. So we are always in a chronic state of oflensive1 peace with Oin na. If the rumours that reach us by'( way of St. "Petersburg hdfar'any: foiiiidalioii.thofo is( '¡lerKafs less tfccStsronföVgrcafc'"expeh'!U' turo just now up <n the peaceful o< ercion of our Celestial ii fonds than thera usually is;but wohnte no pçtatrbope, notwithstanding, of being able >to,"Töte the omission of the annual China million from next year's Estimator It is always easy to account« for tho drop which makes tho cup run over. What wo should uko to seo acoountêàV for mo the old dregs (hat have'never been cleared out. Upon al! this 'Mr. Herbtrt gives us no information. Wo do not imputo it to him ns a fault, for human enduvaiico would not allow tííAÍ all the details of our Army syet^îtf should be annually developed in a 'late commonccd speech. We aro not sure that no tdtoald have gained much hy any information he could give ; for the power to examino when he mny suspect nbiise«, and to rcfoi m when ho miy-be convinced of their», does not exist in ill Secretary of War. When we como-tff read Mr. Herbei t's explanation, or to» toad these Estimate?, it striked us as » singular fact that in all the ofilmBry items of continuous expendituro Iher detailed explanations aro in au mve«i» priportion to the curiosity of the public« When we mo asked £275,697 for the Educational and Scientific Branches of the Militaiy Service, wo have a general notion that bomo such sum may fairly be spent in sucti objets We. seo certain results obtained, There are the Oiilnanco Maps, and Chcísc'A1 Ho'piÈnl, and the Musketry Instruction, and tfic schools at Woolwioh and Ch.itliam1» We could nlmoit give ci edit for swesw such sum oft" hand ; yet hsre wo have' details of twelve folio paces of figures. When wo havo to pass ¿51,499,036 for Pay und Monoy Allowances, ive may get what information no oin out of one page. The majmity of these headings-, indeed, give ua no information, except that eveiythin^ ive know nothing about and care nothing "nbout is becoming; I heavier year by ypar, and that, if lhere bo a decrease, it is generally in some itom of acknowledged utility. It is not that the country will f*&k; 210,000 men too large an Army to htfidl India, to protect our colonies, and to give security to those islands. It is not that ive grudge ono shilling1 of the money which is necessary fco pay and clothe and feed these men iu full reasonable comfort, or to arm them with the very best weapons which may be invented» So fur ns the efficient bert ice ia concerned, it is the duty ol' a great and liol»coun- try to do all this liberally. But supposa wo wera to ititioduco vulgar iules *r>f accounts in'o this branch of tho public" service. Suppose wo were to discourage waste, to disallow useloi» expenditure, to dig out sinecures, and lo pay no money unless for services rendered, does any ono suppose that these Esti . mates would still amount to fifteen1 millions ? The mystery and tho igno« ranee aro so piofound that it is not physically impossible that oven ander these conditions the jesuit might be the» same, and that a hi ead stream ofligfutS tiould only show how pure and pellucid " our military system is. At present, unfortunately, the nation, ¡u its igno- rance, does not' believe this to bo the case» We give what wo are nskor), prodigally, and with our eyes shut, be* causo ive must have the Army, and be causo wo aie not allowed to have it at a less price. The object is so impeiatively necessary that ive vole enough for waste and for work-wo calculate a margin for abuse?. " Give abundantly, «ive> very abundantly, my children/' cried the Spanish preaching friar, " for tlitf inoiipj you give will li ivo to pisr through many hands." 