THE PANTHER KILLER. I Translated from the Moniteur, of April 21st, 1860.) WITHOUT doubt a supreme harmony, vital and providential, governs, animates, and preserves the world, , but we are obliged to confess that this harmony is strange. That we may not lose ourselves in in- finitude let us confine ourselves to the earth; and what kind of harmony do we see ? the harmony of carnage ! In the sir, in the waters, on the solid ground, there is nothing but perpetual massacre. To the north and to the south, to the east and to the west at the icy note) under the flames of the equator, beasts, birds, fish and reptiles, spring, fly, swim, and run towards their stray Each species lives on the death of certain others; and finally, man, who calls himself the king of animals, proves it by killing them to supply his wants, his luxury, or his pleasure. It is true that he will avenge his victims on himself. After having chased all kinds of animals man chases man! Behold the perfection of harmony The first of those illustrious huntsmen of whom history has preserved the memory was a hunter of men. 2200 years before the Christian era when guns were unknown, Tubal Cain, however had found out how to forge iron, end' our fathers made arms before they had made ploughshares. Nimrod had bows and arrows, swords, axes, spears, and clubs, and with these primitive equipments. With a sure eye, a stout heart and muscular arms, the powerful hunter ran through the country washed by the Tigris and Euphrates, shying and terrifying. He cut out for himself a kingdom, and established the first empire of Assyria. After Nimrod great hunters appeared, whose glory greatly eclipsed his own. Hercules and Theseus were benefactors of humanity, and humanity in gratitude raised them to gods. To these celebrated hunters of Greece, France is able to compare two of her children-the lion-tamer and the panther slayer. Who has not heard of Chevalier Gerard-of his boldness, his generosity, his labours, and his victories ? Before him, the lion was acknowledged by the Arabs to be the King of the deserts. They called him, with timid respect the Master." Save by chance, or by fortunate temerity, never did men seek to recover from him the kingdom. "My Lord," tranquil and superb, ran over his domain, and made his pasture of all that he encountered. When the country could not afford him prey he went near to the camp, without a evasion or precaution. His years announced his coming; but the inhabitants of the camp did nothing but raise cries, and kindle fires to frighten him away. The lion, without concern, in one bound leaped over the boards r, and seized on a ball or a horse, and dragged it over bushes and ditches, to eat it at his ease on the banks of some Tiver. The impost raised by the Lord of the Desert was ten times greater than the tribute imposed by their conquerors. When Gerard announced himself as a liberator, they took him for a fool. This enemy against whom the Arabs were in the habit of putting the country in arms, dearly purchasing their victory over him, the Chevalier proposed to conquer alone. When he had accomplished this miracle, which they had judged impossible, they took him, if not for a god at least for an intimate friend of Allah, and a cousin of the prophet-although a Frank. This miracle he renewed twenty times, and he has himself recounted his exploits. These duels of the two kings of-animals took place face to face, and often without any other witnesses than the trembling stars, and the jackals of the vultures hoping for a feast. Such are the incidents of an history which has no need of the adorn- ments of a skilful pen, for it has been related in simple and forcible language by M. Gerard himself. M. Bombonnol has undertaken to give a recital of WE marvellous exploits with the same simplicity, but he is less skilful with the pen than with the rifle. His journal, however, interests us as much as that of his predecessor. Between the killer of lions and the slayer of panthers there has arisen a rivalry of danger, merit, and glory, which has engaged the two hunting writers in a sort of controversy. M. Gerard is all for lions and does not care to combat than with these great yellow " seniors." He speaks of pan- thers with little consideration, and on that ground it is that M. Bombonnol picks a quarrel with him, having made these African leopards his peculiar game. Non nostrum inter ves Qantas composers lives we, who have never seen at the end of a gun anything more than a poor partridge or a timid hare, of which many run- and flew as though they had not been touched by our shot. . We shall not permit ourselves to decide the question at issue between our two illustrious adepts in the art of St. Hubert. Nevertheless, without wronging the lions we must avow that panthers do inspire us with a certain degree of respect. Let us figure to ourselves seat many feet in length, and weigh- ing about 200 lbs. It leaps by bounds, and with one stroke of a claw kills an ox. Before such a monster man is not much better than a mouse. Happily, however, this mouse is armed with intelligence, and with a rifle. But still this carbine must be well charged, with powder and conical balls, and well capped, and it is necessary that the mind should be well fortified by intrepid coolness-that the arm should be firm, and the eye sure. There must be no trembling of the arm, nor swerving of the eye. The pride of the lion is as great as his ferocity. He does not choose to adopt any ruse, but comes in the face of his aggressor, with a calm insolence and freedom which gives you time to adjust the musket. He comes in full day. In view of the armed man, the noble animal stops, looks about, coaches on his belly, and waits for the balls with magnificent indifference. At night, when he comes towards the bait without seeing the hunter in his ambush, his pace is still more measured and he announces himself by roars of thunder. A hunter tfcuB forewarned is able to calculate his distance, and he has need to calculate well. The ball should penetrate exactly behind the shoulder and pierce the heart, " or rather should perforate the cranium and enter the brain piercing the eyeball. It is only so that the beast is killed on the spot. Every other wound, even those which are mortal, give time for the wounded animal to fall like thunder on his aggressor, and to overwhelm him with the weight of his force still un- broken and his rage fully exasperated. Lions have been riddled with balls by a troop of hunters, and after receiving as many as ten mortal wounds have precipitated themselves-all streaming withstood on their assailants and died revenged on the mutilated bodies of men and horses. Such is this redoubtable animal and the panther has not IEBS force or courage. It has, however, greater ferocity, and above all, it is more tricky and less easily approached. There lies the danger. The hun- ter expects a son to come. Often he sees him advance, and is able to keep him at the length of his gun but he neither seen nor knows when to expect the panther. The only indication of his proximity is the silence or the terror of the animals which form the bait. All of a sudden something enormous bounds into the plain, cuts the trembling air, and falls on the prey which he crushes with his paw. This is the panther. While he tears his victim and drinks his warm blood, unnecessary promptly to dispatch him. Care, however, must he taken not to make a noise, for a second bound might bring the panther on the hunter, vainly hidden, in his unmasked covert. M. Bombonnol placed his bait with a temerity which appeared at first to the Arabs as great a folly as the audacity of M. Gerard, and in a manner which singularly increased the danger before an enemy whose attack was so sudden. The killers of lions and panthers were compelled to seek for a long time before sending this terrible game, which was accustomed to be hunted, but which the inhabitants of the desert did not readily seek after. Those who fled the danger, however, often encountered, while M. Gerard d M. Bombonnol, in order to get within shot often passed whole nights in the depths of solitude, and they found the fatigue even greater than the "auger. M. Bombonnol endeavoured to improve upon the manner of arranging his bait. It was necessary that the goat, which he was accustomed to attach to a bush about twenty paces from him, should cry aloud, in order to attract the panther. He imagined and that is his excuse-that by piercing the ear, and even the tongue, of the poor beast, and passing a string through them he could induce it to utter cries of suffering, but when the enemy was in the neighbourhood, the animal was silent, and the strong remained in the hand of the hunter. He hit, however, BEEn a better plan. He took with him a kiss and a goat. He fastened the mother to a stump, and bid jUfflBelf in a neighbouring bush with the kind. When we goat was silent he made the little one cry, to which 'Be other one answered. When the poor goat would y» Fate, in order not to attract the panther, of , I'VE, diviDed the approach, the kid, tormented,. Doubted its cries, and the goat responded with an in- donation of affright which seemed to counsel prudence to its nurseling. She was thus betrayed by maternal devotion But the hunter holding the had made a part of himself, and instead of jumping on the kid, I 'ne panther, attracted by the cries of the kid, might readily leap on the bush and crush the man that caused the cry. These hunts have sometimes terminated in tragic TEA a-B any one might SUPPose and some have come. in comedies. On one occasion, after a long nights citing, the hunter, pricking up his ears and Peering into the silent shadows, suddenly aroused. ARe goat was agitated and breathed hard. A confused form was about to precipitate itself on her. It was the panther, so long expected. "With a thousand precautions to avoid making the foliage crack, M. Bombonnol raised his gun to his shoulder, and placing the barrel on the " rest," took his aim. The mass still presented only an uncertain form. Three times the hunter touched the trigger, and three times, not certain, stopped the pressure. But he could not remain in the dangerous vicarage of this ferocious beast, and he decided to draw at a venture. His shot took effect. All was silent. The monster must be destroyed. The conqueror came from his hiding-place, and approached with prudent joy and measured steps. But one step more, and he would be more certain of his game. A ray of the moon pierced the clouds and fell upon the bodies, and the intrepid hunter saw on the carcass of the goat the inanimate body of an old buck-the grandfather of a troop. Another night M. Bombonnol was on the track of a panther, which had made great carriage on the oxen and horses for its sole pleasure, because it never touched its mangled prey. It kept its Ramadhan, if one might believe the Arabs. As it approached the bait the hunter heard behind him, at one hundred yards distant, a noise which announced the coming of a second panther. Should he draw, and make this a double shot ? No, better than that. A furious roar was heard at twenty-five paces from the second beast. There were three panthers ! The hunter found the country a little too full of game j but the two beasts which had followed the first here attacked each other furiously. M. Bombonnol, scandalised, but sufficiently content, perceived that the damsel who first approached had two lovers, who were fighting a duel for her pleasure. This domestic discussion prevented them from troubling themselves with the ghost of the man who gave thanks for this coquetry of the " good Moslem." I M. Bombonnol tells us many other interesting adventures, but as our chat about this book must be limited, we will conclude by relating a tragedy. Our readers must not imagine that these hunts are always parties of pleasure, each terminating in gratification of triumph. A panther bounded on the bait. At the same instant two shots were fired, and both hit, but they had been fired a little too quickly, and under unfavourable circumstances. They had not penetrated the heart or the brain. The two fore paws had, however, been broken. The beast raised itself with its utmost force and rage on its hind legs, and sprang, and before the hunter was able to make a movement he was under the feet of the panther. If it had been able to use its claws he would have been lost. Happily those deadly claws hung bleeding to the broken limbs, but the panther still possessed its teeth, and took in its mouth the head of the hunter. He had on, however, a double helmet cap, which softened the pressure. He seized his hunting knife, and plunged it up to the hilt in the body, which crushed him, and so deprived it of life. It was time, for his strength was failing. He was frightfully mutilated. One of his arms was lacerated and his head was one sore. He recovered, and has exacted high payment for his wounds from the sisters of this quarter of the Course. A lady once desired to partake of these dangers. We admire, and we do not know that we shall follow the example. We believe that in a little while they might clothe us like a Zouave, and conduct us like any one else to the cannon's mouth on some beautiful day when the sun, piercing the cloud of smoke, shines upon the country over which waves the tricolour. But in the night, without the excitement of powder and great ideas, we should certainly hesitate to put ourselves under the claws of a ferocious beast. Besides, this death is not sufficiently dignified or sufficiently poetic. We shall consider of it. The Arabs, who are a sober people, do not seek poetry in these dangers, but their admiration is great for the heart which has braved, and the rifle which has triumphed over them. M. Gerard and M. Bombonnol have been rewarded for their courage and services, by the gratitude of the camps they have delivered from their enemies, and to this time they are supposed to be invincible. In reading an account of the ovations to the illustrious hunters we recall to mind the beautiful recital of Enced in Virgil, of the struggle of Hercules and the plenitude of grateful joy on the part of the Ansonians. This exultation was natural and simple. The monster is dead! The tyrant, whom they did not venture to approach, behold him now lying on ensanguined soil-this devas- tator this bandit ! The crowd view him first at a distance, with suspicion, but when they find that he is really dead they touch and insult him. They demand of him his victims. Each has some accusation to make. One widow reclaims her only goal another her only son. All fasten themselves onto the heavy prey and drag him along. They then hoist him on to the back of smile, which bends under the weight, and groans in contact with the ferocious beast. The conqueror marches behind, surrounded by the joyous multitude, who cry aloud their eulogies and scatter their fireworks. A Homeric repast is served, of which he is the hero the hero being sometimes a little disgusted, because the Arab cooking is not absolutely palatable. In order to make it better they accompany this good fare with music equally agreeable, and the ears as well as the stomach of the here are equally delighted. His heart, however, is content as with friendly glances he looks at his faithful arms. We need not now the club which Hercules alone could carry, on the bow which the Prince of the Caryatides only could bend. The rifle is more formidable. A child may lift it, and a movement of the finger is sufficient to send forth death. These monsters are vanquished, that is one thing. Nature's submissive- and man reigns at lost. 