VICTORIA SUFFERING A RECOVERY. LECTURE AT THE EXHIBITION BUILDIKG. Archibald Michie, Esq., M.L.A., delivered lnst evening, at the Exhibitien Building, the long anticipated lecture, ' Victoria Suffering a Re covery.' The superior character of the two pre vious lectures which Mr. Michie delivered, and the success which attended them, drew together perhap3 the largest audience that has ever asscm in Victoria upon any similar occasion. The lecture was delivered in connection with the Melbourne Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. The building was literally crammed, and numbers of applicants for reserved seats were turned away some minutes before the time ap pointed for the commencement of the lecture, and at that time there could not have been less than 5000 persons present, amongst -whom we noticed his Excellency Sir Ileury and Lady Barkly, the Hon. the Chief Secretary, the Hon. the Treasurer, the Hon. the President of Lands and Survey, His Honor Mr. Justice Pohlman, the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Professor Hearn , Dr. Maendam, M.L.A., G. Jumieson, Esq., Pre Bidentpf the Young Men's Association, the He v. J. J. Bleasdale, the Kev. I. Hethrington, the Hon. II. Miller, Captain Bancroft, together with a number of our leading merchants, &c.; His Excellence Sib. Hexky Bakely took the chair, mid at once introduced to the meeting Mr. , 'Micitix, -who was received with loud and prolonged applause. He said: — 'I won der,' a'aid the liLtlc French princess, on hearing ot ,tho great distress of many of her father's subjects, — 'I wonder why ? the poor peoplo should starve,; why don't they eatspnie of those nice little cakes I see in the confectioners' shop windows as we pass through the streets.' Here is'' a wonder not confined to little Trench princesses. '-Given' mouths and meat, our first impression is, why not fall to ? It requires an effort of the rea3on to learn whereiore there should be any want. in the midst of apparent plenty. There 'cannot he a. doubt that'this colony of Vic toria is laboring under a severe depres sion at the present time, and yet it is difficult to realise that fact., as we read the journals, walk through the streets, or go into our places of public1 amusement. . I catch even myself frequently demanding of myself, — ' Where ts.tliU crisis we are perpetually hearing of?' '-Theatres and concerts flourish as of old. No end of German bands still paraue the town. About every fortieth shop is photographing nil the ugly faces in the metropolis. Races, pic-nic's, nnd excursion trains have by no means died out. Some weeks back — I read it in the Argus, — a man sold 200 canaries in a few hours at Sandhurst, at £1 each, and was so delighted at the buoyancy ot the canary market in that auriferous locality, that he was coming down to Melbourne for a fresh supply. Even our street beggars are not as other street beggars. As I was going into town the other morning, I saw one perched on the top of a low-backed car, going out apparently on an ex cursion to Brighton ; and I have heard that he occasionally lunched at a confectioner's. Remark ing on this to some one afterwards, I was informed that this same beggar came from Kcw into town of a morning to business, and went away again in the evening, like other mercantile gentlemen, comfortably and respectably on a low-backed car. (Loud laughter.) Here again we are reminded of Sydney Smith's- oelc brated contrasts between this country and all others. Set a beggar on horseback, says the old proverb, and he'll ride to the— &c.; Here we can promote the beggar oven to a low-backed car, and he does not ride to any such fearful terminus ; ho most judiciously goes no further than the Chief Justice's neighborhood, at ICenr. In short, look ing merely to the surface of society, nobody seems to be ' on his last logs,' except Mr. G. V. Brooke, and under the circumstances we cannot pity even him, seeing how he prospers on them. Yet a depression there must be, as every one says so. It may be that it would be considered as prosperity in England, and many other countries, but it is a depression in Victoria. Are the causes thereof more obscure, than the effects are undeniable ? Is not the body politic, like the body natural? Does not the excitement and over-trading of the post, commit qver-drafts on the vigour of the present and future ? and does not, therefore, depression follow excitement, as naturally as night the day ? ? Is not this observa ble all the world over ? And if uo, is there any thing in the social constitution of Victoria, which should give her any special immunity from sucli visitations ? Surely not. So far from this, the very vigor of a young community like this, facili tates excess, as, on the same principle, it facili tates recovery. Meanwhile disaster is a groat sobariser. It stimulates reflection. If we are all waking up out of a wild dream, to sec so many properties sold for the beuclit of mortgagees, we may at least rub our eyea ; look at thingd, if possible, in. their right proportions ; consider from what causes mich effects have accrued ; how long thoy are likely to continue; and -by what means suoli effects may most speedilybe removed. There is no lack of state doctors, and the prescriptions are pouring in. Restore immigration, cries one; crush quart/, aays .another; put down your buggy, growls a third ; improve your mining machinery, insists a fourth ; plant ?vineyards and export colonial wine, recommends a .fifth ; drink it, urges a sixth ; pass a thorough 4 good Land Bill, says a seventh ; pro tect colonial industry, urges an eighth ; and so on. Can- any one of those proscriptions, or all of them put together, cure the present stagnation, or pre vent the recurrence of it ? ' The colonial situation a study,' seems to bo no inappropriate subject for a lecture, which aims at clearing in some degree our ideas on this, to nil of us, rather important in quiry. (Loud applause.) We are half a million, in a ltuul and under a climate capable of sustaining many millions. Our lauds in the main are not all of the richest j but very mnny years must elapse before even our best soils are subdued to the uses of man. It is only Borne seven years since Victorians were elate, intoxicated with prosperity ; when, sensible man, and fools alike, had money thrown ns it were at their heads ; and when (as is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of it went in absurdity and extravagance almost ns speedily as it was acquired. The causes of this flush of excitement, of this very saturnalia of the newly monied, were even at the time obvious enough. The. vast yields of our newly discovered gold fields hail attracted scores of thousands of enterprising and energetic spirits from all parts of the world. Scarcely one of these people came here absolutely destitute. Almost .ill arrived with some, and many with considerable means. All required to be fed, clad, housed. Instantaneously, therefore, a demand prodigiously in excess of the supply, arose for everything necessary to the feeding, clothing, and housing of the new arrivals. To aggravate, and intensify (and having considerably the effect of prolonging) this demand, by very far the larger proportion of the laboring men betook themselves to the gold-fields, where they con tinued so long as gold was to be had in almost fabulous quantities for the mere trouble of scratch ing it off the surface of the soil, And yet houses, and such food as could not bo imported, were required, and must be had for all. The first consoquenco was that wages of all kinds of labor, ekillod, and unskilled, rose to such a height, as we now almost fear to think of. Plasterers and ma sons, £2 a day ; carpenters, 30s. a-day ; common laborers, £1 a-day. In a word, the average gains at the gold fields furnished the standard to which the rates of all other wages naturally and neces snrily gravitated. The golden fund from which everybody wus apparently being made rich was partly brought and partly found here. Tho for tunato owners of a few (in any other part of tho world) wretched tone-incuts became, as by a stroke of Harlequin's wand, transformed into capitalists. Wonderful ns were the prices paid to the Go vernment for town and country allotments, still more wonderful prices v/evs gotforthesamolaivlsos they passed from hand to hand. In a few mouths during the latter part of the year 1852 and tho j'ear 1853, house rent rose from £1.50 a year to £900 a year for tenements such as any Londoner can enjoy for £50 or £60 a year. Hay was £70 a ton; vegetables neither poor nor rich could in dulge in habitually, save in their dreams. Cab bages, I believe, sometimes changed hands at nbout five shillings each. Meanwhile the very police, the coachmen, the grooms, lawyers' clerks, aye, and even official men in largo numbers, were off to ' the gold- fields, and even Sir William tf/Beekotti tho then Chief Justieg (boiug at that timl nil lufrtltaj nrtd hit ogaeliuina ?? nan tit') hud for some -weeks to be wheeled to .the Court by his sons in a bath chair. (Loud laughter.) This was before my advent to Melbourne ; but quite as strange things took place even many weeks after my arrival. A once fellow counsel of mine in Sydney, Mr. John Bayley Darvall, came down here in 1852, in con sequence of a request that he would fill the vacancy likely to occur on our bench by reason of the then contemplated visit of Chief' Justice a'Beckett to Europe. Mr. Darvall arrived from Sydney on a Sunday. The hotels were all full ; the waiters little short of insulting to any exact ing and intolerable wretch who wore a black hat and did not drink 'a nobbler ' about every five minutes. Mr. Darvall applied for a separata bedroom ; but such applications at that period were considered as some evidence of lunacy in the persons who preferred them. Poor John Bayley Darvall, I think I see him now, a gentlemanly man — with a manner of blended austerity and politeness, which (according to one of his critics) made him a curious mixture of Coriolanus, and Beau Brummell, — I think I see, and hear him using his powers of persuasion (which were con siderable) to win that single-bedded room. What was his success ? Why, we were told, and the story never was denied, that the best terms he could procure were, a comfortable shake-down on the top of a tap-room table, between two lucky diggers ! (Renewed laughter.) That, or the alternative of walking all night about Melbourne streets, — and such streets at that time, — ho might choose between — ' The art of our necessities is strange, That can make vile things precious.' Thus, in his sore extremity, -philosophise!! poor King Lear; and thus probably felt poor Mr. Darvall. He took the table and the diggers ; but the next morning I, myself, saw him posting -down this street as hard as his legs could carry him from a farewell visit to Vice-Royalty, back to the vessel that brought him to Melbourne. In a few hours he was steaming from our Bay, and I need hardly say, he never came back. Our whale city, in short, was at that time a sort of fevered, drunken, delirious Pandemonium. In nothing was Melbourne industry then more conspicuously manifested, than in burglaries, robberies, ' stickings-up,' and shootings in every direction. When you dined out in those days, your host, on your leaving his house to return home, kindly placed a Colt's re volver in your hand, and suggested that you should keep the middle of the street, and that it might not be, on the whole, impolitic to shoot the first gentleman you met who said ' Mate, can you tell us what's o'clock?' Nevertheless, the greed of gain reconciled us to all these miseries, which of course could be but transitory. Lodging, food, police protection, being then altogether in dispensable ; the high rents, high prices, and high wages, cured themselves. Capitalists concen trated their efforts on building — market garden ers and farmers found their callings more profit able than gold digging, until as the new supplies of each grew up to, and at last met the demand, prices came down almost as rapidly as thoy rose. Meanwhile the rich finds were becoming fewer at the gold-fields : immigration, by reason of our disorganized condition, fell off, and in less than five years from our first gold discovery, everything was changed. A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to bo built again. St. Kildas, Prahrans, South Yarras and Emerald Hills, were competing for tenants; market gardeners and farmers were competing for customers, artisans for employers, candidates for policemnnships ; and rents, as well as prices, fell us rapidly as they rose. I do not say that wages fell, for a. sort of imperial ukase has said wages shall not' fall; and nature is for the thousand and first time-turned out of doors to come in at the window as of old. Why do I thus run over this rapid retrosx-ect ? Because we can hardly stare fair unless we do so. It is well to take stock, of our condition ; to see what has been done, during the last seven or eight years. The Melbourne of 1852, then but a very inferior English town, un paved, unlighted, muddy, miserable, dangerous, has become transformed into a great city, as com fortable, as elegant, as luxurious, (it is hardly an exaggeration to say it) as any place out of Lon don or Paris. Ballaarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton, and other places, have sprung into con siderable townships; are .lighted by gas, and are alive with the busy hum of men. A. beautifully metalled road, enables you now to do in eight or nine hours to Castlemaine, a journey which, in the year 1852, you could hardly achieve in less than three days, and even then, at the risk, in the winter time, of disappearing in the mud by the way. Our advance, then, is measured by the whole difference between what the colony was in the year 1852, and that which we find it at the present time ; and therefore, he must be very blind, very ignorant, or very perverse, who would aver that we have made no progress ; and that, after all those years, we have nothing to show ibr our gold. And yet, assertions like this, we do occasionally meet with, amongst platform ora tors, and newspaper correspondents. (Applause.) Speaking the truth of, and to what are called tho working classes — as if there were here any class which does not work — is not considered by some people as tho surest means of attaining to popu larity. However this may be, sure I am that speaking tho truth exactly us it is in a man, and as if he were speaking to his own consciousness, must in the long run meet with tho approbation of tho just and tho sensible of all classes. Wise and moderate men will be tolerant of error, and as to the rest, what does it matter what fools or rogues say of you ? I propose, therefore, to talk to my audience publicly, in the strictest con fident—about labor, wages, producers, distri butors, immigration, free-trade, &c.;, &c;, in the confidence that I shall be lLstened to with patience, oven though you should not agree with my conclusions; as in any event, discussion and discovery are as sisted by mutual toleration. A hiss never settled any truth, nor was political economy ever ad vanced by cries of 'Turn him out,' unless. the man to be turned out was interrupting the speaker. As everything we eat, drink, and enjoy, — save air and those other things we get for nothing,— are tho results of labor seconding and wielding the powers of nature, the labor ques tion is always at the base of every discussion of this kind. Nothing is more common than to hear some individual, who rises for the instruction of his fellow-creatures, cry, in reference to all those persons who do not actually handle a chisel, a saw, a plough, or some other physical tool or implement, — ' they are drones in the human hive; and throw all Mel bourne's thousand merchants into Hobson's Bay, and no one would miss them ; but throw an equal number of working men into the same watery grave, and, see what you shall see !' Startling this, very. And we usually find stuck against it in the newspapers, 'loud cheers.' (Renewed applause.) I wonder what the same en lightened cheerers would say to that in genious man who is reported to have once visited the source of tho river Thames in Glou cestershire, and in an ecstatic sense of sup posed mischievous power, clapped his hands upon the springs, exclaiming, 'What will they say of this down at Wapping ? ' Now, what they would say of this down at Wap ping, would be about the measure of what this world at large would say on the sudden depriva tion of a few hundreds or even thousands of either her merchants or mechanics. The sun would continue to rise and set ; people would go to their work, and come home from it, and men of busi ness would assemble in Collins street as before. Sure am I, for my own part, that marchants in tho main are as useful as mechanics, and mechanics as merchants, or they would not be where they are. But the mecha nic sometimes demands of the merchant ' What do you produce I You are of no use at all, for you produce nothing.' Well, let us follow this a little further. Strip that mechanic of everything ha did not produce himself, and what sort of a figure would he cut? Would his own toilet be one jot more complete than it was when he first came like the rest of us muling and puling into this world, ' to make his mother,' as Jeremy Taylor says, ' a little glad, and very sorrowful.' From head to foot, is there one thread he has made himself ? How many animals have lived and died ? how many voyages have been made ? how many dealings and bargainings, and spinnings, and weaviugs, and tannings, and stitchings, and pickings, and unpackings, have all been done before ho could be clothed ? Arc not distributors then quite as useful and valuable a class as those called producers ? Again, go from what our mechanic wears, to what he cats and rinks ; what of these things has he ever pro duced ? Run over all the operations that must occur before he can breakfast off thut cheap loaf which is brought to his table— let him reflect upon his sugar, his tea, his coffee, his butter, his bacon, his beer, perhaps his nobbler What an infinity of human industries have been in motion and have by some mysterious process come together and converged into that breakfast which he devours (and thinks no more of) for a shilling. What factories are smoking, what steam engines plying, what storms at sea being battled with, wha*. aching heads over ledgers, what pryings into prices current, what watchings of seasons and of weather, what ship-buildings and shipwrecks, what ingenious implements in vented, what vast successes, and as vast failures, what happiness, and what despair, are all cease lessly vexing the surface of the universal globe, in order to keep that mechanic, and all other wearers of clothes, and eaters of breakfasts, supplied with the necessaries of life, from day to day? Again, turn from our bodily to our intel lectual waftts. Man cannot live by brenl alone ; tho diviner part of him needs other aliment. A penny loaf may suffice for his breakfast, but libraries are not more than sufficient to feed his curiosity, and his appetite for inquiry, nnd speculation, nnd discussion. Think, then, of the thousands and 1 tens of thousands of authors (from Homer dSwn to Martin Tupper), of eopiera, nnd printers, and paper makers, and booksellers, and newspaper men of ail grades and forms of industry, physical and intellectual, kept ceaselessly at work to feed tho insatiable brain of man ! and as the result of all these labors you got a classic for a shilling, and tho Times newspaper, that 'history of the world for one day,' for .fiveDencc, and the St. Kilda Chronicle for: nothing ; (roars of laughter) for they always send me the paper, but never call for the subscrip tion ! Miracles iire extinct, but these results bear the closest resemblance to a miracle. They are simply the highest developments of the divi sion of labor. The opposite point to this cx trcmest application of the division of labor principle is exhibited in tho situation of Robinson Crusoe - upon his uninhabited island. Our working man, -with his forty or fifty shillings a week, is, in many respects, richer than Julius Cajsar in his imperial purple. A man can chip stones, or plane wood, and with his day's wage walk into the next street, and command the industry of the world. For him, as for every one whose labor can bring money, the sun is ever shininu. the fruits ever crowing, the nations ever toiling. He holds up a magic piece of gold, or a bit of particularly dirty paper, and the world rushes towards him with her choicest treasures. Is it better to be this man, or to be compelled, like Robinson Crusoe, to produce with difficulty what others can buy with ease ? A sufficiently absurd question surely upon the face of it, and yet it is a question protectionists ought to consider with respect. For, the thing called Protection must always in its very nature be an approximation more or less to the condition of Robinson Crusoe. Protection, by a plainer and more descriptive name, is compelling A to buy something of B, at a higher price than that for which C can and will sell the same article. B calls it protec tion. A calls it robbery. B calls it protection, because he says, if you expose him co the com petition of C, he (B) can't live by his business. A calls it robbery because you force from his pocket for the benefit of B the' difference between the price at which he (A) can buy of C, and the price at which he (A) must buy of B. Transpose the position of A and C respectively, and each will then call the thing by the name which the other applies to it. There never was a colony less ex posed to foreign competition, more thoroughly en joying protection, than that of which Robinson Crusoe was the governor, and man Friday tho governed. And what. was the state of their pas torsi, agricultural, and manufacturing interests ? Look at Robinson Crusoe's trousers and cap; .in the old wood-cuts; then turn to some of our co lonists rigged in slops from top to toe. Why Robinson Crusoe in all his 'glory was not arrayed like' one of - these. (Applause nnd laughter.) And yet- our slop dressed colonist — 3ue the evidence and report, of the late committee on the tariff question— goes straight from a furious speech in favor of protection to native industry, and invests .his eight or ten shillings in a pair of imported mole skins. In short, he thinks it .perfectly proper that every body else should protect native industry, but he feels no particular necessity for protect ing it himself. Hence practice contradicts pro fession, and the truths of political eaonomy break through cant. It comes round to this wonderful final result that any, and every man, who can work at any think for which society has a demand — and any and every man who has either saved for himself, or who has succeeded to the savings or possessions of another— has got a certain corresponding power over all the other in dustries and stored labor (called property) of the ro3t of the world. And the world is all the wiser, the richer, and better, by each man just working, when, where, and how he can, and exchanging the fruits of his labor us and where ho thinks best. ' Protection,' as it appears to me, is merely another name for ob . tainiug mousy under false pretences, by Act of Parliament. (Cheoi'3, and disapprobation.) To hear some Protectiauists talk, one would think that nobody of any consequence lived in this colony on the import trade. I say nothing here for the ni3rchants,. because they arc to be thrown into Hobson's Bay ; but how absut the shop keepers, the porters, the draymen, the innumerable mechanics connected with the shipping interest, the clerks, the domestic servants ? Arc they all to become shoemakers, tailors, eoaohmakers, cabinet makers, &c.;, to show us how they ' can't do it' at any price others can afford to pay ? These arc to the initiated, but trite considerations, yet. are they by many every day either forgotten, or ig nored. Thp only pretext for a return to any thing like protection, is the oft quoted exceptional case admitted by John Stuart Mill, viz., where young countries, as fitted as older countries for particular manufactures, are desirous of receiving the start those old countries have obtained, anil try to recover this start by imposing dutie3 upon the foreign product. Even here, the: exception admits, if it does not prove' the rule. For the pro tection is to be but temporary, and to cease when the older country is' overtaken'. If the older country cannot be overtaken, then the' protection is . mischievous, as ? beiii-j first a throwing away of a. certain portion of the industry of the vainly competing country. Even Mr. Mill, however, in the very passage of the work alluded to, seem? to forget that in new countries, some protection already oxist3 in the very nature of things, in the cost of freight, expenses, &p.;, of the imported commodity to the new country.. Against Mr. John Stuart Mill, on this point, might be quoted his equally cele brated father, James Mill, who never admitted such an exception at all. As for the common talk on this point, I suspect many attendants at meetings hardly know what protection ? means. 'Protection to Native Industry,' has a senti mental sound about it. We all like to be taken care of, and the expression savours of that. So that you have only to start the word Protec tion at some meetings, and you catch a large por tion of the audience at once, who are for protect ing everything and everybody even to the ' un protected female,' made immortal by Punch. But to come from the sentimental, to the abstract, to the concrete, are they for giving 35s. a pair for Melbourne made shoes, inferior to the best im ported at a pound? Protection, to be worth the name, must come to something like that, or it is no protection at all. Now, who are tho3e who most loudly demand this protection? Skilled me chanics : a very valuable class in any community, it cannot be denied. . They cannot, or will not dig for gold ; they cannot turn to tillage ; they are un able to offer anything to society as the purchasing power of the necessaries of life, save their skilled labor. The farmer getting only six or seven shillings for a truss of hay, says to the shoe maker, ' I could not, even if I would, give you 353\. for a pair of colonial made shoes when I can get a pair from Paris or Northampton, at 20s.' The shoemaker must either undersell the impor ter, or turn to something .else, or leave the colony. Perhaps he takes tho last course, in which case, a good artisan is lost to our society. Still, is this, or are any number of such instances as these sufficient ground for our abandoning Free Trade as at present prevailing in the Australian colonies ? Are all boot-wearers in the colony to pay this forty shillings as the price of keeping the superfluous bootmakers here ? Yes, says the bootmaker — No, says the boot wearer. On which side lies the prosperity of the general colony ? Endeavoring to ascertain this, let us try the matter a little farther. Imagine general protection to shoemakers, tailors, coach makers, even farmers, and all in like case with the instance put, of the immigrant shoemaker. At once, the cost of living, would to the whole of 113 bo increased by some 100 or loO per cent., so far us such cost related to tho taxed or the protected articles. Whence h this increased price to come ? J'fOiC tho golddiigji-? G,ui w-j expeot it ? Hs gstSf and can only get, the market price of the world for his gold ; but he would have to exchange the fruits of bis labor, not at the market price of the world, but at the artificially raised market price of the colony of Victoria for his boots, clothes, tools, &c; , &c.; The storekeeper, the professional man, the agriculturist, tho sheep farmer, tho offi cial man, would be in the same position. What would be the first, and immediate consequence of the change ? A vast number of miners would at once be thrown out of employment, for already, as we are told, they arc only making on an average, wage3 sufficient to support them, at their work. If the' enhanced price were paid at ail, it could only be by miners working harder, and procuring more gold. But, if the miner could not pay, he must leave the colony, or turn to something else. If .the official man, U12 storekeeper, the agriculturist cannot pay, they must all either leave the colony, or turn to something else. Many, in this turning to something else, would of course, turn to the protected trades. This would ? increase compe tition among them, and in lime reduce the prices of their .goods, but not to .the import prices with out duty, or in such case the protection would be superfluous. Meanwhile, it seems certain that a large number of people, especially from among those belonging to the unprotected trades, would ba obliged to 'leave the colony unable to subsist here. Industry of one kind would thus be forced into artificial channels, whilst industry of another kind would be forced out of the colony altogether. These seem to be inevitable evils, and they are of a very grave character. For labor, like water, loft to itself, finds its level, and any artificial damming of it up in any country, new or old, only prevents it from going where the common wants could employ. , it to the greatest advantage. Under either set of conditions, therefore, viz. : under those, of free trade, as under those of protection, a certain number of per sons are always leaving, and will always leave every country, for want of employment fitted to their powers. England, we are often told, has fought her way to pre-eminence among the na tions under a system of protection ; partly true. And Mr. Thomas Sayeis the other day, disabled of his right arm, fought for two hours very gal lantly with his left, and really might have beaten Mr. ileenan had the affair gone on. And, there fore, let every nation that would thrash its Heenan begin by crippling commerce of its right arm, which, is liberty. But we should keep the money in the country we are told. Why keep the money in the country ? As if money were of any use at all, except as an instrument of ex change. But that the depression W3 complain of cannot arise from our sending money out of the country for goods is seen in this — that money is still rapidly accumulating in the banks. Curious contradiction. Deposits lying in banks unused by the depositors, and yet an universal outcry of the scarcity of money, and an almost stag nation of tho3e building and other operations which can only be carried on with money. Well, a very little observation, and reflection upon things in general, will soon clear up this apparent contradiction. In tho flrsi place, immigration has almost ceased. .No great demand, theiefore, now exists for houses. I mentioned awhile ago, that house-rent had fallen several hundred per cent. Houses which in every part of Melbourne and the suburbs were in 1854 let at £500 and £600 a-ycar each, may now be had for £100 or £120. Very respsctable cottages, such a3 we. usually find in the occupation, of artisans and others of the community called the laboring ' classes, are easily procurable at £20 or £25 a-year. What inducement, then, have capi talists to build, if they can only build at such cost as to exclude anything like the possibility of their obtaining interest upon their outlay ? Capitalists in these colonies, we all know, look for, and usually : obtain, 10 per cent, for their money. . But a great Mel bourne capitalist, one who has perhaps expended as much money among the building trades as any man in Victoria, told me the other day that he cannot build now — (looking at wages in the one direction, and at reduced rentals in another) _ — 30 as to secure 5 per- cent, for his money, even were houses' to remain continuously tenanted, and though they were never to require reparation. Tho consequence of this is, that no one now builds who can avoid it. Nor, as I conceive, would even the lowering of wages produce in it self mora than a temporary alleviation of this state ot things. Any impulse which reduced wages could communicate to building would be merely transitory. In a population so slowly increasing m ours at present, tho supply of house aco- jnmodatiou soon overtakes the demand, and whan that point, is attained, expect to hoar cries of depression of the building trades. But when that depression comes— ill other words, when society has got. as much house accommodation as it wants, I apprehend that unless nature's laws are to reversed, unless she is to contradict herself ibr be the special benefit of the suffering handicrafts, wages must full. Remember I am no advocate for low wag«s ; I msrelygive simple and articu late expression to nature's silent and inexorable operations. (Hear, hear.) I would far sooner sec wages very high than very low ; for T am cer tain it would ha far better for hid, even selfishly considered. But how can I, how can any ordi narily reflecting man walk about the streets of Melbourne, and fail to see, that wages must come down together with rentals and profits, and in come generally. Ponder upon the announcement of that resiautant-keepcr in Swanston street, whoso attractive board I pass almost every morn ing — I do not give his name, lest it should be .supposed that I wish to push that gentleman's trade at the expense of the many other similar establishments in the city equally good and cheap — ponder, I say, on this board 011 which the proprietor sets forth that you can have a plate of meat and vegetables, and another of pudding, all for one shilling. Nota benc — no extra charge for change of plate ! (Great laughter.) ; How can we get that excel lent and substantial dinner for a shilling, but that all the articles oC which it is composed are at such a pries that tho restaurant keeper can carry en his business on these terms, nnd yet get a living profit by his trade? Fellow up his busi ness into the related industries with which he daaU ; consider his now reduced (perhaps not sufficiently reduced) rent, his cheap apparel, his cheap vegetables, his not very dear (although in a country like this, not yet sufficiently cheap) beef and muttton ; consider all these things, these cheap results of colonial industry for the last seven or eight yoass, and then tell me whence is this .restaurant-keeper, nnd the people with whom he deals, market gardeners and others, whence are thoy to gat tho money with which to pay labor, ' sixteen shillings a day and nothing less ! ' You cannot get blood out of a stone; you will not find capitalists undertaking any en terprise by which they are to lose, and not to gain. All interests, therefore, both of capital and labor, depending interchangeably upon each other, will always correct and adjust each other. Strikes, therefore, must almost always be. either superfluous, or unavailing: super fluous,' where, as in 1851, masons got 30s. a day, 'because society couldn't get such labor at that time for less; unavailing, now, because society is not particularly 111 want of such labor, even at a third, of the former price. Nor is the reduction of wage3 an unmixed evil — if evil at all — to tho mason himself. He can command almost as many of the necessaries and luxuries of life now with ten or twelve shillings a day, as formerly he could command with the larger sum. And he possesses tliis equally large command, with the apparently smaller meaiiH, simply because every body ebe is obliged to submit to a smaller money compensation for the goods in which he deals. How, then, can any particular tradesman, who thinks at all_, expect benefit by reduced prices,aud yet escape himself ? To expect such tilings is to expect incongruities, self- contradictions, impossi bilities. It is to expect other men to work for us without our working for them. It is to demand tlv.it something shall comu out of nothing ; thnt wages shall be paid, which no returns can pro duce ; and if all sections of workers demanded the same thing a3 uguinst each other, society would be little better than a largo lunatic asylum, where each resident fancies everybody olse mud but him self. What, then, is to be done under these unpleasant circumstances ? Well, I conceive things must be left, in a large measure, to those internal sources of healing — the vis medica trie natures, — which society contains within itself. Depression precedes prosperity, and prosperity provokes speculation, and speculation leads about again to depression, with as regular an alternative as day and night, and night and morning. Such a state of things is not peculiar to Australia. It is tho same in England. It is tho same in America. It is the same in all great commercial countries. Talk to people who lived in the United States in tho year 1838, and they tell you that wlteu selling off their gsedj end ohsttote »t that time, prices were little more than nominal, for want of money. Lists of ' wild cat' banks were kept handy in every store and counting house, that men might judge ns safely as possible, whose paper money to take, and whose to reject. That was a collapse, following immediately upon previous universal speculations upon credits, just of the very same character as that we are suffering under at the present time. The fever and agus of trade seems to be tho same all over the world. Can nothing, then, be done for the patient ? Has the politico-economical pharmacopoeia no medi cine for so stubborn and prolonged a complaint? Yes. Art, and treatment may do something — perhaps much, but certainly not all. We can second nature, not control her.' 'What, then, is to be done? Why, cries every one, 'Give everybody something more to do.' ' Find us fresh cus tomers,' cries all, from the shopkeeper, listle is, and almost hopeless, over his warc3, to the arti ficer \vh03e tools are idle in his basket. Fresh customers? Most willingly, but where are they to come from ? From natural increase of our present population ? Hardly so. Read the Rev. Mr. Mal'hus's book on the principle of popu lation — the book of a very wise, a very amiable, a very much abused, and certainly not a too well understood man. He will show you that under the mo3t favorable circumstances you may double your population, from within, in some fifteen or twenty years. Will you wait so long for your now customers? Where shall they come from then, but from across the seas? What! immigration ? Aye, immigration. What ! import fresh labor at' the cost of the present laborers, to contend with these latter ! Here is a question, which, I observe, easily brings down a cheer at many public meetings, und for certain, I am not going to treat with any light spirit of ridicule, or with any other than very serious and respectful consideration those cheers. Say they are not the cheers of tho en lightened, — are those workmen the only people who have not been sound political economists in matters touching their own labor ? Have British merchants and manufacturers and statesmen never been at fault on such subjects as free trade, and international tariffs, and employment of ma chinery ? And cannot we be reasonably consi derate to these cheers, when we reflect upon the indisputable fact that a working man's labor is of as much importance to him as is a nobleman's estate to the nobleman ? Each has but his pre sent means of livelihood, and each may surely be allowed to feel deeply, and express himself strongly, on any proposition the effect of which may be to bring him (as he thinks) nearer to starvation. Well, then, I am not in the least put out by the antMmmigrntion cheers. I ask only for a hearing. I protest that if the cheerers can confute me, I shall be as well p': eased as if they were to admit that I had convinced them ; for as I have said my only ob ject is truth. We come back, then, to that word immigration* Are we to raise from the working man taxes wherewith to introduce competitors with the working man's labor? That is the shape in which the question is usually put. I answer, 'No.' But is that the fair way of put ting the question ? Does no fallacy lurk in the premises ? Is nothing assumed which ought not to be assumed ? Tax the working man to find competition with himself? Is it a tax ? If I pay £100 for a hundred acres of land, how is that 'a tax upon the working man ? The payment, for that land does not come out of his pocket, but out of the pocket of the purchaser. The more land you sell the more you increase the demand for la bor. And if you are artificially to increase the demand for labor, why not with the very same funds with which you have increased the demand for it also increase the supply? The whole process being an artificial one, what does the working man propose to do with the proceeds of the land sales, assuming that no portion thereof is to be devoted to immigration? 'Oh, put it into pub lic works,' says he ; 'find us something to do.' Aye, but then we have to hear the other side. We turn to the land purchaser. We say to him, ' what do you say to the public works nostrum ?' ' 'Well,1 he says, 'why am I to buy land, and pay for it, in order that this colony is to be kept us a preserve for the annual erection and construc tion of public works, more espscially now that there is almost no public to call for any additional works of the sort 5' It seems to me, then, to come back to this ; that if I buy merely a hundred pounds worth of the public estate, the public have a right to expend that £100 as they please. If they import four or five artizans, or agricultural laborers, with the money, does it necessarily follow that those laborers on their arrival m the colony enter into injurious competition with the laborers already 'here ? Surely no, although frequently tho laboring classes seem to have arrived at dif ferent conclusions. They forget that every man is a consumer as well as a producer ; that every man, in proportion to his command over the in dustry of all other workers, is a customer of those other workers. The newly -arrived miner, mason, or shoemaker, may seem to be more or less a fresh candidate for those fields of exertion there tofore the monopoly of the men already assem bled on them ; but iu fact ho benefits others as much us himself; lie buys their labor with his — they sell their labor for his — each enhances the comforts of the others; and that which seems at a first glance to be competition, is, in IacI, co operation when more attentively regarded. Lst any man cast back his memory along the last nine years. Has he ever known low wages during a period of extensive immigration ? Were wages ever so high in this colony, as during the years 1852, 1853, and 1851 ? And yet, was it not during those years that the immigration tide, was running most strongly towards these shores ? Granted that the gold-fields took much of this labor, yet the main cause of wages keep ing up lay in the fact, that whether working on the gold-fields, on farms, or in houses, the importa tion, of laborers was an importation of the demand f -;r labor, capital ; the savings of labor grew with that labor ; thi3 capital, as fresh labor continued to pour into the colony, of course employed more labor, and so each producing and promoting the other, the colony advance:! in prosperity. Immi gration, has stopped; the working men are now freed, from imported competition; and yet have there ever been such lusty cries of want of work as now? Surely thess things cannot be without their own significance for all! From tho above observations it will bo apparent enough, I think, that our circurastancss now call for a resumption of immigration, not paid for by the working man, but paid far by capital. (Applause.) If there be no error in the above conclusions, it seems clear that the effect of assisted immigration is this : that we sell our land, and with the proceeds buy customers of, as well as competitors with, tho working man; and judging by results, such are the mysterious but certain advantages of division ,pf labor, that the new arrival is more valuable as a customer, to those already arrived, than he is injurious to them as a competitor; and I am glad that this is so. It takes the last rag of an excuse from men, who having got to this colony, would shut the door in the face of those suffering millions, who are struggling with the direst forms of poverty at home. The inex orable law, by which, in all countries, population must at some time or other pre33 upon subsis tence, compels colonisation ; and i3 there any; selfishness more depraved or inhuman than that which would confine our fellow creatures in a position of pain and struggle from which we have thought fit to escape ourselves ? But is there nothing more to ba done than to restore immi. gration? Yes, certainly. Of what use will im migration be, if, as hitherto, it flows through this colony as water through a sieve ? We must, if possible, fix people here when we get them. The great earth-hunger of man, as some German writer has wiled it, must bo satisfied. In plain English, all the facilities legislation can provide, should be furnished for enuuling every man to till the soil who desires to do so. But he may ruin himself. Let him. Free trade in ruin as in evevy thing else. ('Hear,' and laughter.) Doubtless men sometimes, nay very frequently if you like, err in the choice of a profession. But it is certain, as a general rule, the State cannot (even if it were a function of the State, which it is not) take better care of men, than men can take care of themselves Let every man, then, who likes it, go into farming I at one;. Put things at tho worst, and I suppose your farmer dou3 become insolvent, rural insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourkc street insolvency. A man never suems to 1110 so happy as when surrounded by his stacks, his pigs, his wine, his growing crops, his children tumbling nmong the straw, or laughing among the vines. If there be perfect and sereno enjoyment, surely it is here. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) All farm scones equally conduce to happi ness and peaco .of mind; and therefore uo wonder that tXo majority of immigrants harbor th9 rwtkus at at aejiw tlmo or ottwf QAng upon the land. This earth hunger all thoughtful statesmen, as I think, will, in new countries, wisely satisfy ; and do not fear that free society will incur more evils in this direction of human industry than free society can correct or cure ; especially now that the last great discoveries of Stuart have practically enlarged the habitable globe, by adding to it a fair and green central land, which so lately we had condemned as an arid dasert. Do not bo alarmed. I ara not going to talk about the Land Bill, any fu.rth.sr than it immediately bears upon my larger subject. Wo have all baen pretty well bored to death by the ceaseless babblement about 'lot' and 'limited auction,' and unlimited desire to settle the poor man on the lauds. I know it has pretty no.irly settled me in the land. Fearful, however, -as this subject has now become, I desire to remark upon what appear to me to be one or two errors. Those who talk about getting the utmost for the public' estate, a? it is called, seem to assume that the state -in selling land is to be regarded merely as you regard a private vendor. If you do . this, surely you confound two essentially different things. The object of the state is to settle the country. The object of the private vendor, is to get as much for his land as possible. The end which the private vendor has, constitutes merely the moans which the state works towards a fur ther end. But why, it lias been said, should the state be deprived of that difference which A may : make by reselling to B, and which difference the state might have made in the first instance, had the land been sold by open competition ? Is it ;: unreasonable to answer that the state is not a ; land-jobber r that it finds its account as much, or ' more, in getting people on the land, as iu getting money for the land iu tho first instance ? that the ' / state, having discharged its duty as a vendor, commences another function as a tax-gatherer — . your cultivator becoming at once a consumer of some or all of those dutiable goods which yield the great bulk of our large revenue. The coun try becomes opened up ; roods and bridges are formed and built; the wilderness is suodued to the uses of man ; the colony grows. Then, just as the blood circulates through the human framo, labor, ? unimpeded on any side, flows in every direction throughout the length and breadth of the land, instead of being dammed up and confined, as too frequently it now is, in little local congestions — over-supply in one spot, and deficiency of hands in. another, atone and the same time. Look, again, at the secondary evil consequences of doling out land screwed up to the highest price for agriculture and granting principalities at a merely nominal rent for pasturage. You offend that abstract sense of justice which, more or less, is found among all men; you force upon us the conviction - that there, is a privileged and petted class amo:i2 us.- Impatient people ask, why should, a sheep former enjoy miles upon miles of land, at littlo more than a nominal rent, whilst the agriculturist . cannot hold the smallest farm on any such terms ? I have no desire to stir up class against class, but whilst such a state of things as this exists, no Convention, no Eastern Market, is required to effect such an object — jealousy and antagonism grow and strengthen of themselves. It has been : frequently supposed, and at times with some ap pearance of foundation for the supposition, that it is of the essence of the democratic spirit in this country, as in others, to hate wealth, and to pull down capital into the dust. Sometimes , perhaps, this low and unworthy spirit may be met with ; but is it not equally probable that this sup2 posed hatred is frequently rather apparent than real ? And is there not at the least something curiously anomalous in men hating what they are every hour striving to become — namely, rich men However this may be, I must yet admit, looking dispassionately at the subject, that if the squat ters have evinced some selfishness on the one hand, squatted' opponents have sometimes exhi bited unreason on the other. After all, it is merely human nature that men who are, as they profess to bolieve.lawfully entitled to great advan tages should desire to retain them ; but it is also natural as well as just that the public should desire to make the squatter pay a just rent for the lands he enjoys. Cannot both these objects be ' achieved without oppre3sion, illegality, or injus tice in any direction ? I think they can ; and I think also those objects can be achieved with vast advantage to the general productive- ' ness and prosperity of tho whole coun try. This is a subject not to be settled by the extremely short and neat prescrip tion, sometimes proposed to us of ' Driving the squatters across the Murray.' 'Driving the snuatters across the Murray' might be driving our dinners across the Murray ; and put in that shapa requires to be re-consjdered. One vast evil connected with this interest at present stares U3 in the face. From the uncertainty of the squatting tenure, all the runs throughout the country necessarily remain in an unimproved state. Vho will trouble himself to dig -.veils, construct reservoirs for water, or even bo at tho ? expense of making two blades of grass groiv where one grew before, unless he have a reasonable as ? surauce that he shall ' teap. where ho has sown?' Whilst the squatter is liable to be turned out at a moment's notice, without compensation for im provements, he has of course no motive to improve and, consequently, a great part of Australia is, iu a mitigated form, iu much the ? sumo situation as was Ireland, between mortgagors und mortgagees, before tho passing of the En cumbered Estates Act. The land at home had ceased to be the property of the mortgagor and he was consequently indifferent and without hope. The land had not become absolutely tho ' mortgagee's, and therefore he had not thedeep in terest in the property wo observe in ordinary owners. The problem, therefore, was to educe out of this chaos of split-up interests and indif ferontisms the beneficial management of the land by those to whom it should be the exclusive pro perty. That problem was solved successfully by that most practical as well as scientific statesman, Sir Robert Peel. Surely there are no specialties in our case which make it a more embarrassing one than the Irish difficulty. Apart from faction, jealousy, and wrong-headeduess, the rationale of the matter seems to lie in. a nutshel. I pro- ? sume very few persons who really have any practical acquaintance with this country,' will dispute that many of these Iand3 are only fit for pastoral purposes. Nature lias passed an eternal sentence of sterility upon them. Are these lands not to be turned to the best ac count ? Can they be turned to the best account, unless you give individuals an exclusive interest in thorn ? Can you give this interest effectually, unless you say that whatsoever the squatter lays out on his squattage, shall be secured to himself — as you protect any other person in tho enjoy ment of the fruits of his industry. Can you thus secure the squatter, unless you say he shall enjoy his lease, or compensation in some shape, if he bo deprived o'f it ? No. I say then, that in the future administration of these merely pastoral lands — whether they be under the State, or under rural municipalities — that at the same time you secure to the public an adequate rental, and the right of le- entry at any time on equitable terms for sale, you must secure to the sheep fanner, as he will then be called (a new nomenclature mark ing the new era), the thing, or its equivulent for which he has bargained, and thenceforth squatter and anti-squatter heartburnings will cease ; pas toral lands will be improved like other lands their leases assignable like other Iease3, artesian wells would be sunk, artificial grasses laid down, paddocks fenced in, reservoirs formed, home steads established, a vastly additional demand for labor would spring up throughout all these grazing farms in connexion with tho improve ments going on in them, and beef and mutton, as in the olden time of tho colony, would again be 3d. a pound to all of us. Sooner or later, such lands, would have to be thus dealt with, had squatters and Orders in Council nqver been heard of. It is simply a qnestion of turning your pro perty to the best account. Under the present no-system the squatter is the only party who profits by it. He gains exactly what tho public loses. What is that ? The difference between the nominal rent he pays and the fair nnd sub stantial rent he ought to pay, and which, as he says, he is, under an equitable system, willing to pay. Sixteen thousand sheep, with 1 tin on the Murray, lately cost £24,900. This is at the rate of 31s. ahead. For any excess or deficiency in number delivered, allowance, at the rate of 12s. a head, was to be made by either side to the other. The difference, therefore, between the 12s. and the 31s. respectively represents the value of the run, ns settled in the sincerest manner between the vendor and the vendee, and amounting to something above £15,000. Now, I would not. rack-rent the squatter with a 10 pnr cent, rental on tho above amount ; but, something reasonable, lot us say, on the grazing capabilities of each run. Lst us never be oppressive ; but, bearing in mind old' Isaac WaUmi'arecommotidatiOn of tondernasj svsft to th« worm, U% us p«6 ihu heofc littsu 1&» Bquattcr ' ns if we loved him.' (Cheers and laughter.) But I sometimes read in the journals reports of public meeting speeches,' from which I gather that the Legislature dare not meddle with the squatters, for tiiat the banks have got them, and that the banks are all-powerful. This is startling, and, moreover, rather inconsistent with other uud just referred to descriptions of squatters by the same denouncers. One ?while, the squatter, with greedy maw, is swallowing everybody else ; at ' another mo ment:, the squatter is being swallowed — himself, a t'nt and sleek deer, gradually going down the capacious throat of a banking boa-constrictor. (Kenewed laughter.) So that, upon this pleasant theory, there would appear to lie but ' one way' for us all. Awed then by these awful banks, and sharing . only the common reverence for plate glass, and splendid mahogany, and brass rails, and the mysteries of the parlor, does my friend, therefore, who the other day said to me, in Queen street, ' I hope, in that lecture of yours, you are going to touch up the bunks,' think that I am going to do, or attempt anything of the kind. What would the banks care for my touching up — they who can touch up everybody? Besides, who so presumptuous as to say that he really knows anything distinct about those . great, sub lime, moneyed mysteries ? Who, save Joseph ?Macardy, who offers himself as a special Pro vidence to take care of everybody's money, from £1 upwards — who snve he knows any thing about these greatly reverenced es tablishments ? Who but Joseph knows any thing about their assets, their liabilities, their profits, out of what capital made, by what pre cise business, and under what circumstances ? Why am I to be called upon to show my ignorance as to the manner or degree in which- the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons, ?which some superstitious people regard as influ encing all the monied tides in the affairs of men ? Why should I vainly attempt to understand how people can discount at 10 per cent., and divide 20 percent, dividend? I may have dim visions of over-trading, and so on ; but I fly the subject, and leave it to the next edition of Joseph Macardy's pamphlet. Yet, even in flying the subject, may I not ask why that million's worth of debentures of the Melbourne issue has not yet seen the light, according to the act in that case made and provided? (Hear, hear.) Of a Terity, many a poor servant 'and small capitalist -would be glad to buy a £30 or £50, or £100 debenture, carrying every hour on its back 6 per cent, interest, rather than hold ingj a bank note of the same amount, bearing no interest at all. And this brings me ' to a sub ject to which Legislature itself at some time may come — I mean to the consideration of founding in this colony a truly national bank, where the state will be, as it ought to be, the only maker of paper money among us, as a legal tender ; when the state will have, as it ought to have, the whole profit derivable from any credit that state may have in the world, when that very profit may be. turned into the means of paying the interest of our debentures, or into public works, rather than being left to any number of people who choose to join together, subscribe their deposits, apply for an Act, call themselves a bank, and forthwith commence the Royal prerogative of making money. (' Hear, hear ;' and cheers.) The Haines-ciwj-Childers Ministry proposed such a measure as a National Bank (now some five years back). The Haines Ministry went out; Mr. Childers went home ; and the idea became smothered in the land question. But the idea is not dead. Look into Mr. Ricardo's Works, and you will ' find ably and distinctly sketched his idea of a National Bank, in which, the state sh«uld have the profit of the banking operations. Sueh an establishment, I have been informed once existed in New Zea land, and was only discontinued — so I have been told by ' experienced New Zealand settlers — . because the revenue and the transactions were iiot large enough to make it worth while to con tinue the institution. With a revenue like ours, however, of £3,000,000 a-rear; with deposits like ours of £6,000,000 a-year,'it seems scarcely neces sary that wo should henceforth be dependent on English capitalists, working in large measure with colonial moneys. I have revived the idea : let others work it out to practical issues. Time admonishes me that I must hasten to close. Have I .said all that I have to siiy about the depression ? Well, nearly, but not quite. It seems to me that groat public disasters frequentlv contain the seeds of still greater benefits, and that even depressions, crises, commercial revul sions, have their uses. They set men thinking, devising, casting about for modes of escape ; to giving practical effect to new and valuable thoughts ; to developing resources of the colony, the thought of which may not havo occurred to prosperous and contented, and uninquiring minds. ' Sweet are the uses of adversity.' Now that we have millions of sheep in the colony, no one thinks of bestowing any special glory on old John Macarthur for first introducing the merino sheep; and yet he was an original man, a genius, a brave, self- dependent man in his way. His son, too, tho major-general who has so lately left us, what has he not done for our wine trade ? Many years ago, he went himself to Germany, distributed pamphlets in English and German, explained the capabilities of the colony for the cultivation of the vine, and for wine- making ; engaged vigncrons, put them on board ship, got into trouble — he told me so him self — on a charge of kidnapping the Germans to this fearful country ; and yet he has never pub lished these things; but should he ever read tlie account of them in any history of the colony, he would blush to find their fame. The great de pression of 1843 and 1S44 set the Messrs. O'Brien, of Yass, boiling their sheep — at that time mere woolly vermin — for their tallow. Thus, a fat sheep was found convertible into a fiveand threepenny export. This was a discovery at the time, and acknowledged andappreciated as such : and it was a discovery — the re3ult of deep and general distress taxing men's inventions. In like manner, coming nearer home, a short time back, a very gentlemanly man — one with whom many in this room are well acquainted — stopped me at the corner of Collins and Queen streets, and said he had understood I was much interested in the de velopment of our resources ; and receiving for answer that I was so, he proceeded to say that he had discovered one, that he had it about him, and could at once submit it to my consideration. I was interested, as you may suppose, and so must you be. We have read a great deul lately about Australian geni3. So per haps your imaginations are already scampering off into the regions of mineralogy or geology. Was it a diamond? No. Perhaps an aquamarine topaz, or a ruby, or an emerald ? Not at all. You give it up_ ? Well, then, he drew it from his coat pocket with a solemnity I cannot describe, and it was, — what ? A sausage — (roars of laughter) — a short, red, regulai, orthodox, unmistakeable save loy ! Before I had recovered from my surprise he said, ' Taste that, and tell me what you think of it.' Well, I hesitated, because, although I ike sausages, I have a prejudice (perhaps a weak, and finicking, and unfounded prejudice), against sausages being carried about in people's pockets. In an instant, however, I saw that his enthusiasm ignored all such despicable weaknesses, and evi dently quite unapprehensive of the cause of my confusion, he pressed the article upon me. I took a cautious and critical nibble. ' Now,' he said, 'what do you say to it?' 'Well,' I answered, ' I have tasted worse sausages than that.' 'I should say so,' said he, ' but what will you think, my dear sir, when I tell you that the whole of that sausage is made out of kanga roo ?' 'Well,' I said, 'I could believe it.' ?' I am going,' he said, ' to apply to the Solicitor General for a patent, for I believe the idea is thoroughly new.' I said, 'I thought so, too.' He carefully wrapped the saveloy in paper, re dropped it into its appointed receptacle, and strode away -with an air that delighted me. lie did not seem so much to think of any profit derivable from this preparation, as from the fact that he was car rying a portion of the salvation of the colony in his pocket, society all unconscious of the millen nium impending. We may laugh at this, but is not the great city of Bologna itself better known to the great British mind by Bologna's celebrated sausages, than by her fountains, her colossal statues, her picture galleries, her museums and cabinets of art, her Cardinal Mezzofanti's, her public libraries, or by being the birthplace of one of the greatest orators of our day — Father Gavazzi. . On these occasions, perhaps, we may feel half disposed to despise the sausage, but we are at times glad enough to eat it for all that. I maintain that my gentlemanly friend's idea is good. It is another, and a worthy attempt, to give by_ transformation exchangeable value to that ?whioh. is at present comparatively -valueless, many things arc yet to be grown and produced in this country, end profitably exported, whioh down to hi f m%a\ U»i b»fi ntrw h««u »vm thought ! of. For we are little better than Chinese copyists after all. Bo it hats, crinoline, peg-tops, houses, or the growing of wheat and oats, what they do and wear at homo we do and wear here. There are stony and arid bits of country in this Victoria on which a' sheep would starve, but on which »n Angora goat would thrive, and bring profit to the owner. The bad times will bring the gcats, the wine, the olive, the cotton, the silk, the sausages, the dried fruits, and other good tilings in due season. But if great depressions work such good results on men's outward circumstances, how much more do they improve man himself? How ameliorate his moral nature ? How soften the hard merchant into the molting philantropist, how make his heart like that of the ancient m.iri ner overflow with emotion, and 'bless us un awares.' Look at that speech of Mr Sichel's, as re ported in the Argus of the Sth of Septtmber Ia3t,_on the universally interesting subject of the provision trade. - Wo always knew him as one of the clearest of intellects ; we now know him a3 one of the most benevolent of men. (' Hear,' and laughter.) I have ere now been moved by the ' reason (as Macaulay finely describes it) pene trated, and made red-hot by pastion,' in the Tie CoronA, of Demosthenes ; I have read Cicero's fine invectives against Cataline and Plunkett's celebrated knocking at ? the door ; but never have I been more moved than, by Mr. Sichel on the minor morals of merchants, what they are, and what thsy ought ' to be, touching the provision trade. ' If anything goes wrong,' says he, ' in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, who is there, or what means exist here, to provide a remedy ? ' Oh, cured spite — he seems to say — that I should over be born to set them right.' ' AVe should act to gether,' says he, 'not pulling 'against each other ; and should endeavor to put an end to the many palty motives, envy, malice, and spite which, it cannot be denied, exists among us. If, on the contrary, we see each other often, and are thrown more together day by day, we shall soon come to act with more unanimity, and more pro fitably to our common interests. Instead of this we are accustomed to a selfish manner of con ducting business, each reckoning his own advan tage more than that of the general body, not one of us,' says he, ' is at the bottom of what goes on in Bass's beer, Sinclair's hams, or Gould's butter, &c.; Now, Mr. S. P. Lord indorsed every word of these self-denying sentiments, and they passed nem. con. How delightful is this ! (Re newed laughter.) Henceforth we may look for a little more public spirit among the merchants. Henceforth we may find them standing more fre quently for the Legislature, and thereby ac knowledging that they have duties to the country as well as towards each other: Hence forth, at any rate, the' Chamber of Commerce will be a sort- «f commercial Agapemone. ormercantUe abode of love. Saltings of invoices and secrets in prices current shall be no more. Every man who knows anything by which he may profit shall henceforth proclaim it, with a loud voice, xvpon 'Change. Dennistoun Brothers shall be Everybody's Brothers, and shall be seen in every direction pouring oil into all sorts of wounds. Litigation shall be at end, and rows of alms- houses, for the -lawyers, shall be erected ; and his Excellency shall lay the first stone, and congratulate the audience upon the present lec turer being the first recipient of the new bounty. (Applause and laughter.) My feelings overcome me, and I must close the pic ture. Do not imagine, that because I hace been 'irawn off to a somewhat romping digression, that I have forgotten our situation. If I have shown more levity in the course of this lecture than some people may think becoming amongst a ruined people, pray consider it is because I for one do not consider we are ruined at all. Like the gen tleman who had seen too many ghosts himself, to. be able to believe in them, so, I have seen the colony ruined too many time3, to believe in its going to be ruined now. That there is distress amongst us there can be no doubt. In all periods of transition in every country, there must ever be more or less of distress ; distress ever occasionally among industrious, provident, and worthy fami lies* Such cases, pox'haps, we have all known. But I believe the greatest outcry about the short comings of the colony proceeds not from this class at all. Unfortunately, every new country has in it large numbers of waifs and strays of humanity, unfitted for any mortal pursuit ; a vague, listless, hoping, waiting class, always talking, never doing, save for a few hours together, and whose fate you have never any difficulty in fortelling. These sink down, and succumb here, as they would anywhere, else. But for those who can apply their hands or their heads to the work to be done, what is really the matter ? Depression ! Commercial crisis, for sooth ! What's a commercial crisis, comparsd with a cannon ball crisis ? We have heard enough and to spare it is true, about Now Cale donia, and about Frencli fleets in Hobson's Bay. Let them come ; I believe in Old Caledonia, and in Old England, and in ' ould' Ireland, and also in our volunteers, as right, earnest, six o'clock in the morning fellows, who mean it. But just imagine for a moment that such a flent were' here, and that a strong detachment of French marines had caught our seven bank mana gers, and clapped them into a chain-gang, and got them 'ill on board ship as hostages for a good rattling ransom ? Here's something like a crisis if you like. What was the imprisonment of the seven Bishops, about which history makes so much fuss, compared with this cooping up of our seven bankers ? Imagine them, if you can, looking over the bulwarks of some ' tall admiral,' ' and pining for their parlors. This is the ludi crous side of war, and we laugh ; and, strange to say, laughter and tears are never more sincere than when they are close to each other. For, whilst contrasting mere distress of peace with the horrors of war, other and awful compa risons with our own present happy condition press upon the memory. Was not Palermo' bombarded theiother day, and wore not wives, and mothers, and little children slaughtered amongst the hus bands, and the sons, and the fathers ? Look at Taranaki's misery at our very door. Think of the fired homesteads, of the dispersed and ruined households, the hopes and labours of years of patient toil annihilated in an instant among a people who, the other day, deemed themselves as secure as we consider ourselves now. Do we sufficiently and habitually consider, then, the ad vantages we actually enjoy ? Health, food, warmth, Ugh1'.', liberty, some leisure for reading, for thought, and recreation ; — are these posses sions nothing ? Are they not, indeed, all, so far aa this mere subluniary life is concerned ? I am not preaching any impossible philosophy, or any anti-colonial degree of abstinence and selfmorti fication. I merely mean to say, that there is no thing like looking resolutely at the better side of of every situation, and being thankful to God that things are no worse. It is certain that as man is at present constituted he cannot even pro perly taste pleasure, without having first known pain. We most of us command more than the people of many other countries enjoy, and as much as unsophisticated man really wants. And if at times and seasons — and such times and sea sons come to us all — we find ourselves unable to live up to our own doctrine, and that we are yet querulously repining under those losses, and crosses, and petty griefs and disasters, which have power over the strongest as over the weakest, let us still thankfully bear, in mind that — as the wisest and most benignant of human spirits has said,— ' This wide and universal theatre Presents more woful pageants, than the scene Wherein we play in.' Good night. (Loud and prolenged applause.) Dr. Macadam rose to move a vote of thanks to Mr. Michie, for the truly magnificent address with which he had favored them, an address in which he had given them the history of the past, the present, and tven the shadowings forth of the future. It was a lecture that would have done credit to the first men of the mother country, from George Dawson to Professor Blakely, or to that man of men, Thackeray, with whom they might justly liken Mr. Michie. (Great applaus'e.) Mr. Michie had shed a lustre upon their society by his lecture, which was a truly national one, one that would be perused with interest in England, would endear the colony of Victoria to many a heart, and would prove of great benefit to many, both inside and outside the land of their adoption. He begged to call on them to join in a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Michie for his truly valu able and magnificent lecture. (Loud and pro longed cheering.) . His Excellencs-, in putting the motion, called upon all present to express their assent by their plaudits. This request was met by tremendous and con tinued cheering, and one cheer more. Mr. Michie, in acknowledging tho compliment iHt had been paid him, said, that thsy wore all then suiftritis a ttwttf, hit wdkss* item tut imconsionably long address, and himself from an exertion, which even for him was an unusual one. He therefore would not detain them any longer, but would conclude* by moving a vote of thanks to His Excellency the Governor, who was at all times found both ready and willing to come forward and fav*r any move ment for tho general benefit of the community with his countenance and support. (Cheers.) Mr. Jamikson seconded the motion, which was carried umid loud cheering. His Excellency, in thanking the large assem bly for the compliment paid him, remarked that although all of them might not perhaps agree with all that had been advanced by Mr. Michie, still they could not but admire the wit and ability with which the several arguments had been maintained, and the courage with which he had run full tilt against some very popular ideas, as well as against many of the prejudices and opinions of the upper classes. (Applause.) In fact lie thought he had hit them very fuir all round. (Cheers.) Ho again begged to thank the meeting for the compliment they had paid him, and to assure them that he took a deep interest in tho welfare and progress of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. (Loud cheers). The assemblage then dispersed. Rojibehy. at Notms Dame. — A considerable robbery was perpetrated on Wednesday night in the cathedral of Notie Dame.. On 'Thursday morning the beadle of the church, on entering the sacristy, perceived that all the presses which had contained the' valuable articles used in the cele biation of Divine service were open, and that a great part of those objects had disappeared. In formation was immediately given to the Commis sary of Police, and an examination of the place was instituted. It appears that tho thieves had during the night introduced themselves within the enclosure of planks which surrounds the place where workmen are employed in the repair of the building, and by means of si ladder, which they found there, effected an entrance through the ogival window. They then got into the inner part of the building, and broke open the presses. A largo ostensoir, in solid gold, was found jam med between the grating of the window, being too large te pass through. The articles stolen consist of a number of chalices, vases, crosses, &c.;, ornamented with brilliant and other pre cious stones. Among them was a cross in dia monds, given by the Emperor on the occasion of the baptism of the Prince Imperial. The Commis sary of Police of the Quarter and the Chief of the Police de Sureta, on being informed of the robbery, hastened to the spot and commenced their investigations. After examining the spot through which the thieves entered they were led by dif ferent footmarks toward the parapet wall of the quay, to the right of the sacristy, and on leaning over this wall they discovered the end of a cord attached to a ring which was just below the level of the water. Thinking that this cord might be in some way connected with the robbery, they sent some boatmen to the spot, and when the cord was drawn up it brought with it a fisherman's net very badly fastened, and which contained the greater part of the valuable articles taken, but many of which' had the diamonds and precious stones re moved from them. Orders were then given to procure divers in order to ascertain whether other articles might still remain at the bottom of the river. From the discovery of those articles, as above described, the supposition is that the robbers, after having deposited their first booty in the net and sunk it in the' river, whence they could have removed it at some future time, returned to the church to make further researches, and that they were then disturbed by the barking of a dog, and had hastily taken to flight, dropping some of the objects on their way out. — Gnlignani. 