IT is, we suppose, inseparable from great cities and great states that their annals should chronicle great events-not great in the aggregation of many littles but individually great, colossal, monstrous. Of late years this tendency has most remarkably developed itself. Monster fortunes, monster benefactions, monster works and undertakings, monster crimes, monster failures. Amongst the last-named, the great insolvency case of Streatfeild, Laurence, S Mortimore stares the mercantile world fairly out of countenance. The old adage says, " There's nothing like leather," and many unfortunate victims of these monster leather-sellers will be able to give a melancholy turn to that adage. This renowned firm has gone for a million sterling, or within a trifle, and the vast amount for which they have failed is even less significant than the system upon which they appear to have transacted business ; a system which is well illustrated by an incident in low life, said to have once occurred at the London Docks. It is as follows: A party of Irishmen walking along the quay, the wind blew one of their hats into the water, then some 20 feet below the quay pavement. The astute wearer of the hat reflected for a moment how to recover his hat ." wide-awake," and at length resolved to hang down the side of the dock-wall, grasping firmly a ring on the edge of it. One of Paddy's companions next slid down Paddy and firmly grasped his heels; a third then in like manner attached himself to the heels of the second. Paddy's hold began to relax under the increased weight dependent upon his wrists, and at last he shouted to his mates-" Hold tight below while I spit in my hands." Paddy let go to " spit in his hands," and the next moment all three were in the water together. This illustrates exactly the position of Messrs. Streatfield & Co., and the various leather sellers who were depending on them and who fell with them. Mr. Commissioner Linklater, in examining one of the great insolvents, expressed himself very plainly with reference to the mode in which business had been conducted by the firm. As the sun is the centre of the solar system, so the firm of Streatfeild, Laurence, S. Mortimore, was the centre of many lesser worlds of leather These were retained in their commercial orbits by the central power, which, in turn, was supported and influenced by its satellites. Putting aside metaphor, Streatfield & Co. had. immense sums of money due to them ; so long as these sums of money appeared in their books as available assets, the firm was solvent ; but, written off, the firm would be insolvent. Many of Streatfield & Co.'s debtors were really insolvent, and the position of the principal firm was fearfully compromised by the position of the lesser houses. Now comes the crisis; either Streatfield & Co. must find money to keep the smaller firms on their legs, or the smaller firms must go, and with them the great house. Acting on the gambler's motto "double or quits," Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurence, S Mortimore advance money right and left, entering these advances as good debts available assets, although they knew that the parties receiving the assistance were insolvent at the time of receiving it, and that it was only to stave off the public declaration of insolvency that the money was lent. Commenting upon these transactions, Mr. Commissioner Linklater says that such entries are not debts at all they are only the ghosts and shadows of debts ; ocular delusions, faint resemblances of something going before, and being themselves without any real value or actual bona-fide existence. Many of Messrs. Streatfeild's creditors are exceedingly indignant on finding these items amongst the assets, and insist upon a distinction in which these entries shall be kept separate from entries of bona-fide trading. There can be no doubt that such transactions as these are very common, although not usually revealed in such huge proportions as in the case now before us. We think, also, that there can be no question as to the shadowy and unreal character of all such assets. If A sells goods to B for £20,000, and to save B from insolvency lends him £10,000, that £10,000 represents, in another form, half of the former £20,000 ; or as Mr. Linklater puts it, it is a reflection simply of the original substance which has produced it, and which is answerable for it." The London Times has the following : " A bankrupt's accounts, at least the creditors' side of them, are a kind of mixture of terra firma and mirage in which one half the debts which meet us are only created to save the other half. They are the second thoughts of editorship, more humble companions to first transactions; they are in spirit and intention diminution of preceding debts, which only unhappily fall of that desirable object, and become augmentations of them-good money thrown after bad, or rather bad money thrown after worse. Such is this ambiguous and nondescript class of debts, which excites the natural displeasure of some of the creditors of Messrs. Laurence & Mortimore, who accordingly represent to the Court in Basinghall-street, with great care and discrimi- nation, that these are not real debts, and that a distinction is to be drawn between the genuine article and these spurious representations of it. " With respect to the fact itself, we all know very well that it is a prevailing practice in the commercial world to send money after money in this way, So-and-so is in difficulties and must be assisted; that is the system which comes out in the disclosures just made in Basinghall-street in the case to which we are referring, and is determinately elicited and brought out in detail by Mr. Linklater's cross-examination. The bank. rupt admits case after case of it Mr. Hcvoen Smith told me that Payne & Clark were in difficulties, and said they must be assisted. I said we ought to assist Payne S Clark Mr. Herbert Smith said Payne & Clark-would stop unless assisted, by them, and that they (Herbert Smith & Co.) would stop unless assisted by us. And if Herbert Smith A Co.' stopped, it would then go hard with Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurence, S Mortimore. The several links in the chain are all connected together, and if the enemy is kept out at one end it is security to the other. Herbert Smith said You shall not lose a shilling by me.' ' That is to be the ultimate effect of this train of supports Payne and Clark leaning on Herbert Smith & Co., and Herbert Smith & Co. on Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore. All this is in the face of positive insolvency, believed at the time to be the condition of the assisted party :-' I believed Herbert Smith & Co. to be insolvent apart from the mine. ...... I did not know the amount of liability of Payne and Clark to Herbert Smith. I do not know that I have inquired. I was satisfied with Herbert Smith's assurance that we should not lose a shilling by him. The bankrupts themselves have the benefit of the same system when their own case becomes imminent. * I went to Mr. Chapman's private residence and said that we could not get on, and that we should require some assistance. He said-' Oh ! you must not stop.' A sum of £20,000 was lent immediately to prevent this dire necessity, with a prospect of more ; but, even when this £20,000 is got, £2,000 of it forthwith goes to prevent Herbert Smith and Co. 4 stopping.' " Herbert Smith asked for the £2,000; that was the reason of my paying it to him. " Mr Linklater Did you or did you not give it to him to prevent his stopping P " 4 The Bankrupt-I gave it to him to provide formerly of Ids falling due on the following day. " Mr Linklater Answer my question. Yes or No. " The Bankrupt-I gave it to him to prevent his stopping.' "And so the case goes on Smith, Patient, and Smith ' are another creditor. ' In March or April I did not think should lose £100,000 by Smith & Patient- perhaps £30,000 or £40,000. I still continued discounting their bills perhaps to the amount of one-third of their debt to us. Thus, the debt of this firm to the bankrupt firm grows from £60,000 to £120,000 within the space of a few months of the bankruptcy-all, of course, allowed to be contracted on the principle that they could not afford to stop this accumulation of debt; for what, then, would become of Smith Patient, and Co. ?" It is obvious that any continuation of dealings on the part of one firm with another known to be in a slippery condition is of the nature of a loan for the purpose of preventing 'stoppage.' 'Rider did a large trade in the United States, and in order to be able to get goods on the best terms we gave him our acceptances. We did not often look into the account ; we thought it always safe. A debt of £28,000 thus figures in the bankrupts' balance-sheet as due from Elder, on the ground of these accommodation acceptances; 'whereas,' says Mr. Linklater, 'this is obviously a mere sham debt. As a matter of book-keeping, and for the sake of convenience, the bankrupts might debit Rider with their acceptances at the time they were given ; but when the account was dealt with in Court, these acceptances could not possibly figure as a debt, because they had only been a liability contracted, and never so much actual money lent to another party." The Times, however, no sooner ends its expose of this description of mercantile hocus-pocus than it enters a plea of abatement in favor of the the system denounced. The following is deserving of attention: When a number of debts which are put down turn out to be on examination paper debts, it is, of course, a great disappointment to the creditors, but, as the creditors cannot possibly get more than the bankrupt has, they are deprived of nothing by such misrepresentation, for they would not have got more by less appearing in the balance-sheet. If there is any suspicion, indeed, that such over-statement is a bond to cover the omission of some real property which ought to appear in the assets, it is highly proper that the discovery should act as a stimulus to a stricter examination of his affairs. But, otherwise, the mere describing certain debts as real debts which are only the fictitious creation of a highly artificial system of trade, does no creditor any pecuniary harm. * * * You cannot deny altogether the right of a man in trade to speculate with his money, and if he thinks that by keeping up a tottering debtor by additional support he will ultimately get back the whole of the increased debt, whereas he is certain not to be paid the existing debt if he lets him fall this is a speculation which stands on much the same ground as other kinds of speculation. Ifor can we wholly omit the claims of mercantile friendship, which sometimes not un- naturally arise when firms have long dealt with each other. This is a question, then, that can- not be decided by any summary dictum. In the present highly artificial state of trade especially it would be impossible to lay down any stringent rule. It is evident that the interests of different firms are so often intertwined now that mutual assistance has become, to a certain extent, almost a law of trade." Plausible as the above argument is, we consider it essentially unsound and highly dangerous. If a man, knowing himself to be insolvent, acts illegally in making away with his property, we do not see why another man should be allowed, when solvent, to make himself insolvent that he may keep some one else from insolvency. By the course adopted by Streatfield & Co., they in effect substituted for their previously good credit, the rotten credit of Herbert Smith, Payne, Clark, and Elder. The money that would have kept Streatfeild, Laurence, & Mortimore solvent went to save the tottering firms from insolvency, although it could not save them after all. As to the claims of mercantile friendship," it will be a bad thing for trade if it is carried to such lengths as to ruin the wealthiest houses in the vain effort to bolster up falling ones ; the vessel that relieves a sinking ship does so no longer than self-preservation, the first law of nature, allows. No doubt we have a highly artificial" state of trade, but this is precisely what con- duces to such ruinous results and if " the law of trade" receives its elucidation in such collapses as those now adverted to, the sooner that law is repealed the better. The commercial writer in the Daily News has the following comments on the article in the Times at " Now, with all deference to the Times, we cannot help seeing something very dangerous in this doctrine-something demanding a protest. Let the terms upon which one trader may help another be by all means clearly defined. Can a man have better guidance upon the point, however, than that afforded by his own conscience ? If he contrive, by giving additional support' to ' a tottering debtor,' to get back the whole of the increased debt, and if his own security be purchased at the cost of other people, upon whom the ' tottering debtor ' ultimately falls, we think his conduct ought to be stigmatised as disgraceful, since he simply shifts the loss from his own shoulders to those of others, who are not so well-informed as himself. Eegardedfrom A moral point of view, he lends himself to a conspiracy to extricate himself from difficulty by dragging others into it. It behoves every fair dealing trader, therefore, when he is appealed to to grant a special measure of assistance, to insist upon receiving full details as to his debtor's position. H there be a reasonable prospect of the concern being retrieved, it is at once a prudent and a kind-hearted action to grant assistance; but, if the case be hopeless, the debtor ought to be forced to stop at once, instead of being encouraged to increase the number of his victims. And in all cases involving clearly a violation of these plain honest principles, the commercial community ought to protect themselves by branding both the conspirators." 