OUR ABORIGINES. No. IV. Are they capable of receiving the blessings of civilization and of Christianity ? (Respectfully addressed to the consideration of His Excellency the Govenor.) HAVING already viewed this question under two aspects, viz., intellectually and industrially, I proceed now to consider it in its moral and re- ligious bearing. It will be seen from a previous "paper" that 1 entertain the strongest and most decided views in reference to the lawful debase- ment and intense moral degradation of our abo- rigines. Indeed, I scarcely conceive it possible of them, morally to sink lower in the scale of being than they are at present. But notwith- standing this, I believe—nay, why should I make any reservation at all—I know, that although they have wandered an almost infinite distance from the standard of moral excellence yet that their position is not a hopelessly irrecoverable one, I know that they are susceptible of im- provement and elevation in the best and most comprehensive sensed the term, that they are not so irretrievably bad but what they can be come really and truly good and farther, that they are capable of understanding, appreciating, and enjoying all the great and essential blessings of Christianity itself. Even were I wholly un- acquainted with the condition of our natives, yet as a firm believer in Revelation, I could not otherwise than have held and maintained these sentiments, for who does not believe that our common Christianity or in other words, the gospel of Christ, is designed to meet the re- quirements of the most fallen spirit, and pos- sesses the inherent power of effectually raising the most abject specimens of humanity. I wish further to remark—and I regard this as one of the most important statements I have yet made —that it his been ascertained, as an undoubted fact, that the only way of truly and permanently civilizing our natives is by first inducing good religious tastes and habits. Those who have felt most interested in the natives, and who have devoted the greatest attention to this subject, have found that no confidence for any length of time can be placed in the stability and faithful;- ness of a native—I refer now to those who have been induced to settle down in a locality and to work on there own account—unless you have been first successful in conveying religious instruction. The experiment has been tried again and again, and always I believe with similar results. Those natives of whom mention his been made, as having thoroughly localized themselves, and sedulously cultivated their own farms, were all strongly imbued with religious feelings, and were influenced, I believe by high religious principle. Their moral deportment was to say the least, certainly superior to the majority of the whites with whom they come in contact. Far from using blasphemous or profane language themselves, they would sharply rebuke it in the European. If you entered any of their huts on a Sabbath day you would almost invariably find them engaged in reading either the bible or the prayer-book. They regularly attended divine service, They evinced a most commendable de- sire to gain general useful knowledge, and tre- quently walked two miles after their daily labors were over in order to secure this object. It was this moral power they possessed which alone en- able them to rise superior to their original tastes and habits and to withstand successfully the obloquy derision, and strong seductive arts brought to bear by the other natives. Some- times fine, intelligent, and educated natives would be persuaded to locate near these chris- tianizes natives and to co-operate with them but in every instance in which a pure morality had not been previously engendered it was found that they were utterly incapable of re- pelling those unfriendly and antagonistic influ- ences above alluded to, and accordingly were soon allured from their occupation In corroboration of the statement that the " blacks" are capable of receiving the benefits of Christianity, let me now adduce another fact, and I have no doubt that many such might be adduced 1 once knew a boy whose moral habits were exceedingly vicious and de praved. He had gone to greater lengths and had been guilty of more unclean and degrading practices than most native youths. He was certainly a most unpromising creature to ope- rate on. He was taken, however, from his friends and relatives, and brought under a course of training. Not long afterwards he was taken ill and this illness subsequently proved fatal. Whilst under its influence his mind became seriously impressed. He was no longer the "ring-leader'' in the evil practices of the native youths. He gradually discontinued swearing, and the use of low, obscene expres- sions. He became the reprover and instructor of his companions. His demeanour was quiet and respectful. As the disease gained ground, these impressions grew deeper, and his general beha- viour was increasingly satisfactory. He seemed to think that he was shortly going to die and was anxious duly to prepare himself for his ap- proaching end. His disease being consumption, he was enabled to walk about, to think and to talk, up to within a few hours of his actual de- cease. Having retired at the usual hour during the night he grew worse. Feeling that death was close at hand, he awoke the youths who were sleeping around him. He then knelt up in his bed, and after breathing forth the following prayer, "O God! have mercy upon me. Make me a good boy, and when I die take me to heaven for Jesus Christ's sake ''-- he fell back and expired. Can any one doubt the propriety of there being read over the re- mains of such a departed youth- "in sure and certain hope of a joyful resurrection " But I am anxious, Sir, to introduce into this "paper" confirmatory intelligence of a more recent and most cheering kind. This intelli- gence is embodied in the Melbourne 'Christian Times ' dated March 3rd 1860. It refers to a public meeting held in that city on behalf of the aborigines, Sir Henry Barkly being in the chair, supported by the Protestant Bishop and others. As no account of its proceedings has hitherto appeared in the columns of the ' M.B. Courier,' I shall take the liberty of giving a few somewhat lengthy extracts from the above paper. The avowed object of this meeting was, as stated, ' to receive tidings from the Moravian missionaries on the (river) Wimmera and to express sympathy with their objects and efforts " His Excellency expressed the deep interest he felt in the proceedings of the mission since his arrival in the colony He had hoped that ere this, the Government of the country would have been able to adopt some general and compre- hensive measure for the benefit of the aborigines. The Bishop of Melbourne then give an account of the rise and progress of the Moravian Mission After others had spoken, the following corres- pondence was lead from the missionaries We must content ourselves with presenting its more important extracts. The first letter is addressed to the Rev. Mr. Chase, in answer to one of his. "My dear Friend -You have heard about the state of our yet feeble and yet young mission from some friends and I shall gladly give you more, though concise, particulars about what the Lord has done to us. I must say I feel somewhat timid in doing so, fearing that something of my own should creep in. But to facts. Soon after my return from town the blacks began to disperse, until all had left us ex- cept Pepper. We had little to encourage us, but plenty cause for grief and sorrow. Pepper, too, although he attended out me tings, came to school, etc, gave but little or no hope. Our faith was weak, but the Lord enabled us to to on By degrees the blacks again began togather round about, and, though often in great weak- ness, we ventured upon the Lord's command and promise, to sow the seed of the word of God; and we may firmly believe that the Holy Spirit was working to bring the word home to the heart and conscience of this dark people, although our weak human eye could nothing detect. On the 15 th of January, it was on Sundav, after service, I took thirty large bible pictures, given to us by some friends in Altona, and showed and explained them to some of the young people. The deluge and the Saviour in his agony in Gethsemane, were particular objects of attraction. Either on that evening or the following I spoke to them at some length of our Saviour's wrestling in the garden for us. On the afternoon of the 18th, I had Pepper and two others in our room, transla- tingJohn vi , 25 and 26, and John x 17. When the last verse of the Good Shepherd was finished. Pepper exclaimed, ' 0 that is so very sweet !' In the evening nine out of the ten staying here, astonished and gladdened me by their quick and joyful coming to our meeting, after having been invited to it. Shortly after the conclusion of that meeting, and after I had sat down to write a few lines. Pepper came to me and said, 'O! I want to speak to you about my state.' He was outside and I asked him to come in. At first he made a few inarticulate remarkes about the liking he had for a certain book, but soon began '0, I do not know how I feel, I have wept about my sins. Last night I could havev cried aloud before I went down to the river for to fetch some water; and I have thought about out Saviour that night went into the garden and prayed there till the sweat came down from him like drops of blood, and that for me. ' I spoke with him, prayed with him wept, shook hands, and parted It was to me like a dream, an yet it was reality How I felt and how I spent that night I cannnot tell. I was afraid of the thought how this tender plant of Divine grace is ex osed to so much that can hinder the growth thereof, how old customs, flash, the still wicked heart, the world, and what therein is, how all this will strive to get the upper hand, and to check this plant in its first bud. I was afraid. Pcpper soon began to speak to his countrymen about what felt, and in vited them to partake of the same blessings. The following Saturday he and Bony went to Upper Regions, a station fourteen miles from here, and had, on the Sunday after, prayer-meet- ings with the blacks staying there. On Monday following he returned, an brought several others with him. His mother came too,and said to Mr. Hagenaner, . My word, my piccanninny keep him pray longe blackfellow ; not longe station, but longe bush.' In the meantime more came to us. There are now again about sixty staying with us. The work of the Holy Spirit, since Pepper's awakening, has been going on among the blacks, and although no other case of so striking a nature as that of Pepper's has occurred we may, nevertheless, firmly believe that the Holy Ghost is preparing many a one from among them for the great Marriage-feast of the Lamb. Many of them are more or less stirred up, wish for the knowledge of their eternal salvation, and like to get instruction at school Pepper has made fun progress in learning, and reads several p alms This has stimulated many, who are now hard over the lesson- books. On Saturday night they had a large corroboree, which, when heard by brother H, caused him to go to them, but as soon as they perceived him, many of them crept under their blankets. On my way home from the station, I was visiting, (Oh, I mu t not for.et to mention that to our joy, Pepper who lately avowed ' to follow the Lo d all his life, had not joined the corroboree, but had kept in his hut). On my return home I called at Mr Ellerman's place, when I met Brother H. It was sundown when we left, and hurried home for the evening service. When we arrived at the camp of the blacks it was dark, but, to our surprise and exceeding joy, Pepper had before him in a semicircle between forty and fifty of his fellowmen, some sitting, some standing, and with attention listening to the invitatton he gave them to the Kingdom of Heaven. He modestly stopped when we arrived, but we desired him to go on. I prayed afterwards. So you see the Lold does his work without us. Soon after, a quarrel ensued in the camp, and we went to see what was the matter, Pepper, Kurney,* Young Boney, and Talliho, did not meddle in this atfair ; they sat quiet, shook their heads, and said : 'I do not know what to think about the blacks.' Oh, dear friend, could you have seen this morning fifty to sixty dark children of the Australian bush gathered before us under a large gum- tree, listening with attention to the Gospel and hearing their voices sing - 'Jesus is our highest good, ' He hath saved us by his blood,' &c.; You would with us have thanked the Lord The dead indeed hear the voice of the Son of God. Yours faithfully, E. S SPIESEKE. " My Dear Mr Chase- ' In taking up my pen in order to answer your very kind letter I must say to you, Oh that you could be here and see the wouderful works of the Lold among our poor fellowmen ! I must confess I am rather bashful in stating to you some facts of the powerfull works of grace which we see day by day. Things which I could believe before, as now, AS I CAN SEE THEM, more difficult for me to believe, and I am sure many other believers will be in the same state. I never before saw the grace of God working so mightily as in Pepper feeling his sins, weeping over them, and at the same time seeing Chri t as a crucified Saviour. On that very hot Saturday he went away to Upper Region's station in order to keep prayer with the blacks there. He took them all (about forty) into the Mallee scrub, and kept service, prayed and read psalms out of his book; What a wonderful work of the Lord! The poor heathen, without any white man in the wilder- ness assembled together for prayer. The whole blacks here in the district are stirred up, and many are waiting for the great light in their hearts, as several of them told me yesterday in these words :-' Oh, I wish I could feel and know it as Pepper does, but I am stupid.' We want more help and Mr. Ellerman advises me to come to town. Yours truly, J. A. HAGENANER. Now I can easily imagine that there are many who will regard the above language as the language of fanaticism, or the raving of enthusiasts. But still, facts are facts ; truth is truth, let who may gainsay ; and all right minded persons will unite with me and say, " It is the Lord's doings, and it is marvellous in our eyes,'' and thus having proved, satis- factorily as I consider, that the question at the head of this " paper'' may be answered in the affirmative, I think it high time that I should at once close my remarks. PHILANTHROPIST. Brisbane, June 20th. . 