IT IS NOW A LONG TIME since the Stuart breakfast took place, and if the public were not pretty forbearing, they would before this have raised an outcry against the detention of the promised diary and chart of the late exploratory journey. It was at once admitted on all hands that Mr. Stuart should not divulge the secrets of his trip until he had got clear away upon his second journey; although, perhaps, the majority of those who thus consented to gag the press did not really see any necessity for doing so. Mr. Stuart might have sent his diary to Melbourne on the day that he quitted Adelaide, and might have proclaimed-" Catch who can," in the face of Burke and his waggons, Landells and his camels. But this was not insisted on it was agreed that the public should sit in darkness till Stuart had obtained such a start of his rivals as to leave them not the ghost of a chance. Well, has he not now been away quite long enough, and what decent pretext is there for longer secrecy as to the details of his past trip P It appears that the chief delays-we know not from what cause-were prior to Stuart's reaching Mount Remarkable, which place he left on the 14th instant, with his second in command, Mr. Kekwick, the rest of the party being in advance. Mr. Chambers, we are told, had everything ready for the party at his most northerly station and all things considered, we should really like to be told what reason is there for keeping back the particulars of the last trip. It cannot be Mr. Stuart that wishes it we do not believe Mr. Chambers wishes it why, there fore, is it done? As to Mr. Burke's over- taking Mr. Stuart, the idea is too ludicrous to be entertained for a moment. Mr. Burke, like Mr Babbage, is overwhelmed with the weight of his baggage and it is doubtful whether he will ever cross the continent at all. Certainly, the idea of his overtaking and outstripping Stuart is an absurdity. We hope, therefore, that the Government will at once take measures to place the facts and records of Mr. Stuart's recent journey before the public. The community have bought these records ; they have voted the sum necessary for the expedition now on its way out, expressly on condition that Stuart's diary and chart shall be public property. Now, why are they so long kept back The idea that Burke is going to beat Stuart is pusillanimous in the extreme : he cannot do it; and if the people of South Australia are to be longer kept in ignorance as to the recent exploration of the interior, we hope some more convincing reason will be alleged than any we have yet heard of. 