THE NIGHT BEFORE THE DUEL. A TALB or 1HK COUTH AUMKICAN WAR Ot 1.' DEPEMSEXCK. | By Mm Bu»hbt. ( Cor.tiuded.) Da Lacy wis taken to ths priion to past there th« ahort interval between hi, condemnation and hii ?Kecution. H!a mind was in a chaoi. Was he to be foreed ao suddenly to quit thii wdtld in ths hey day of youth and health ? He would not have dxeadjd to mtet death in the field of battle, to fall a, heroes fall, but thus— thui to die as a traitor, to leave tha itigma of diihonor on his proud name ! The thought was agony ; ;and whither M'tts ho going ? into eternity t Was he so soon to appear t&erj; wiin *11 bissina upon his soul? Ho shuddered 'm all the f.lll.a and faults of hia past life roso up in review before him, and assumed a darker dye, now tli'at he waa about tostmd biforo the judgment seat ' of that mighty Being of whom he had thought to little, and whose commandments he had so often slighted. And tho hand from which hi3 death-blow «ame— O'Donncll's, his friend, the companion of years! Hn remembered the unfortunate iniftake Jscinta had made in addressing her notes to him self and to O'Donnell, and know that O'JDocnoll mujt havcactcd under a fit of jealous rage. ' But he will not ttain his soul with murder, sorely. I will write to him; there may yet be time to save me from this dreadful fate.' Ths gaolrr, who was very sorry for. him, willingly supplied hiix with writing materials, and ho wrote an eloquent and urgent noto to his formor comrade, which the caoler promised to send immediately. Ho did his pari, for he called up one of the negroes who attended in the prison, and desired him to run to Captain O' Done ell' b quarters, to insist upon seeing him at onco, and to deliver the lettor to him without lots of timo. The negro set off with setraicg alacrity, but as soon as he was out of the gaoler's sight he slackened his pace, and began to stroll lniily along. llo met first one person ho knew, and then another, and stopped to have a little chat with each. Then he perccived that there was some bustle on the parade ground, and he thought ho would like just to see what was gain; oo, so he dawdled away the precious time, and did not reach Captain O'Honnell's rooms until the soldiers were assembling for the performance of the fatal tragedy. And O'Donnell, what were his feelings during this eventful nifdit ? Hit mind, too, was in a whirlwind of passion and anxiety. Ho knew, and rejoiced in the thought, that some punishment would be inflicted «n Do Lacy, and that his name would bo coupled with disgraoe. Would Paea only pleco him under arrest for a time, or would he diimiss him from the British Legion ? He hoped there would be no court martial, for then the document denouncing De Lacy might be traced to him, ana ho knew that t°e could not substantiate the charges. This idea made him rngrat his precipitancy— it would have been better hsd he horsewhipped his rival, or challenged him, as he ha I at first intonded. That, however, he would do still ; no punishment inflicted by Paez should rob him of his revenge. He had fallen towards morning into a feverish sleep, and was dreaming that ho was about to stab ' De Lacy, when Jacinta rushed in between them, and received his dagger in her heart. Ho was catohing the murdered girl in his arm«, when he wa* awoke by an' official summons to repair immediately to the parade ground, where t-.mo of the mutineers of the preceding day were m u.ideigo tho sontenco pro nounced on them by cnnral Psez. Dressing hastily and with his soul 'ill full of indignation against Do Lacy, he proceeded to the appointed place. But what was his horror when he perceived the unfor tunate young officer standing, with t--o three common soldiers, awaiting the death which had been awarded them. Tho party who trero to fire at them were taking their plsoet. Then all his jealouiy, all his anger, and Jscinta herself, forgotten, O'Donnell sprang forward in the Tain hope to save his friend : it was too late. For one moaiant their t yes met, and that last look, that speaking glance of De Laoy's, haunted O'Donnell to his latest hour. ' Stop — stop I*' he shouted wildly; but his voice was unheard amidst the louder sound of the fatal volley. It fell on tho murdoror's oar liko the trump of doomsdaj*. He pressed his hands over his bloodshot eyes to exclude the dreadful tppc'.ncle, and in another moment ho dropped on the ground appa rently as dead as the' corpses at a little distance from him 1 It was a bright, beautiful morning ; all naturo seemod serene and gay, but sorrow, consternation, and gloom pervaded tho little army stationed there aud the inhabitants of the place. De l.ncy had lieen a general favorite, and his untimely death wsc much regretted. On recoveiing from his deep swoon, O'Donnell returned to his own apartmonts, and if anything could add to his misery, it was the noto from De Lacy he found thare. Oh ! if ho had re ceived that strong appeal but on. hour earlier ' Ilis viotim might have boen saved— his conscience might not have b6on seared with so terrible a crimc 1 Ho was seized with a dangerous illneBS, and in his delirium ha often spoke of himself as tho murderer of his friend ; but these who h.trd him attributed his strange words to the ravings of fever. Ht recovered at length, but his temper and man ners wero entirely changed. He bad become silent, moody, and morose: fcisgay spirits seemed to havo fled for evor, except at times when ho had drunk t»o freely, and then his mirth was wild and boisterous ; bat these short seasons of unnatural excitement wero always succeeded by fits of deep despondency. lie waa often touohy and apt to take nifjneo ; in fact, ho «as so uncertain and oapricious in his humors that his brother officers feared his brain was affected. There seemtd also to havo been quite a revolution in his feelings for Jacinta ; ho viBitod her no more, and looked aB If ho had been stung by an adder whenever he heard her name. And Jacinta — the frail oause of so much evil and misery— how did she bear the death of one favorite, the defalcation of another ? When she heard of poor De Lscy's fate she cer tainly did shed some tears, butthoydid not flowlong; and when the ' good padre' came to see her, he found her bathing her eyes with roao water to re movo the t.li*ht redness caused by her fit of weeping The padre did h(s best to comfort her. After all— ' De Lcoy was a mutinesr and heretio— he deBerved to he shot. The charitable senora proposed that some masses should brt said for the repose of his soul and its deliverance from pirgatory; but the priest as sured hor that th#y would be quite useless, as ho did not belong to ' tho Church.' Jacinta soon recovered her spirits; the knew thnt hor beauty would bring hor plenty of admirers, aud she never, for a moment, reflected that beauty does notla^t for over. Some months had clapiod from the time of tho mu tiny. De Lacy and hi» fate had bfgun to be forgotten among tho many stirring ovcHta whioh wore always taking place— the frequent engagements with the royalist troops, the nsortifloalion of revirses, and the cxcitement cf victories. Tho British Legion, which had been moving about a good deal, were again quar tered at tbe little town where the incident above re corded had taken place. Perhaps it was that a return to these sccnes bo fraught with painful reroinwcences had, as it were, reopened the old wounds in O'Don nell's heart ; but ho benamo suddenly unusunlly ab sent and gloomy, and if rallied on his bad spirits, was invariably angry and inclined to quairel. One of the junicr lieutenants, who thought him self a wit, had more than once endeavored to quiz him upon kis melancholy. O'Donnell wab much nnncyed, and at last got into a violent passion ; high words passed between them ; ho struck the lieutenant, and a challenge was the consequence. The two officers provided themselvos with seconds, and an early hour next morning was fixed on for the hostile meetiug. O'Donncll's friend spent tho re mainder of the evening with him, and about half past eleven o'clock left him to write two or thrre lelterE, and snatch a fewhoui? of deep previous to tho business of the morning. '' Take a stiif tumbler of brandy and water, my tjood fellow,' ho said ' and tnrn iu as fast as you c*«. ' ' There is no hurry, -»id O Donnell. I don t fear Maater Johnson's bullet in tho least degree, nnd I don't intend to kill Mm. I shall only give him, a scratch, just to teach him not to be such mi impefti nent jackanapeB in future.' The friends pnrted, anil O'Donnell hurriedly looked over some papers, which, he destroy id. He then wrote one or two letttcrs, snd, ns lie sealed them, he said hi/n.xdf, ' Kcally Vhi.i is almost an unneces sary cercmony, for that stupid bny, who never fought a duel in his life, is not going to send ma to the terra incognita.' Having made all tha necossary arrangements, he lightod a night taper, and quietly betook himself to b6Just as th# cocks began t-- crow his friend returned to bis apartments, expecting to see hiin up and dressed ; hut ho found him lying on ;ius bed, pale, h-iggard, r.nil trembling as if he hud been attacked by the uclrY. His eyes wero fixt^d with a glance nf horror on ono spot, and he seemtd to breathe with dilHoulty . 'O'Donnell ! what on earth ia tho matter ?' ex clnimed his friend, npproiicfc;it)g his camp-bod. ' I* li-i Hone ? Kd words 1 is ho gone ?' ' Who ?' as'iitd Edwards, in tar.aiiamoiit. ' Who 1)b Lacv,' groaned O'Ponnell, with a sbivor of *8«jje Ltcyi Impossible, my dear fellow. You for get that pour De Lacy was shot. You mutt havo had a disagreeable dream.' ' It was nodre/m; so surrt as I now see you, I saw De L cy. He mt there ' And ho pointed to a chair a: a littie distance from his beil. ' But it cai.not be Poor -£car Do Lacy was thot by order of that wretch Pi'.e*. J'-u know. How could a dead man be f.itiing in th?t chair f Come, come, O'Donnell, you jiiiist have tukew more brandy than 1 preset ibad l*it night ' ' I did not touch a drop. J augh at mc if you will, Edwards, but what 1 tell you is true', nevertheless. I tore up s»me papers, and wrote one or two letters, after you leit rae last night, and then I lay down, having taken off my coat aud upper thiugs, and lighted a night-lamp, as I intended to get up before daybreak. I wss certainly net asleep, for I was think ing of mv mother and the happy days of my boyhood in old Ireland, when I observed something like a figure flitting across my room. No one had opened the door ; it remained for a few moments strangely indistinct, but by degrees became more defined, until at last it sat down on yon chair, and 1 perceived that It was De Lacy ! And ho had the same look of mingled reproach and pity that blasted my sight on that fatal morning wnen our eyes met for the last time in life. He sat there all night— all the dreadful night, Bdwards — and I felt that he camo to summon mo to meet him before a tribunal mora awful than any on earth 1 know that my timo is CJtnc, and that I shall fall in this duel.' Edwards was startled by the recital, and shocked to see O'Donnell so unnerved. He tried to reason wilh him, he tried to cheer him, all was of no avail. At length he ssid : ' But why should poor Da Lasy's spirit— if it was * spirit — viiit you, bis particular f'iend, and forebode ev'lioyou? You never injured him. in life If ha had blunted Pae*, or tho man who denounced him, thern w.^uld bo some sense in it.' ' I was 'hat wretched mm!' cried O'Donnpll, staning uji \:ildly. 'I was maddened by my love for a *'orthJ-iss woman, cy jealousy of himt and I was— hit murderer 1' Edwards * us struck dumb for a few moments, but he soon ratorcred his solf-posscssion. He could not believe in the visit of the ghost; ho felt assured that all was the creation of a morbid fancy, or per haps an accusing conscience Slill it would be better, he thought, to humor the half maniac before him. '?When did your unearthly visitor leave your' he asked, in a tone of solemn interest. 'Juitssjou turned tho handle of the door, and when tie cocks began .to crow. He seemed at that momont to rise (rom yon very chiir, and as he did so he waved his shadowy hand, and then seemed to disappear, I know not how, or perhaps my light, so overstrained lor hours, bccama suddenly dim med.' '? ltia very, very strange,' said Udwards. ' But there nro moments when imagination ttkes the reins, tnd we fancy the most ix'.vaoruinary things. You have, doubtless, all along regretted deeply that you were in any way concerned in that poor fellow's death, and now that you are oil the ate of a duel— a matter of life and denth-your fcollng* are eti'red up anew, and in a half-dreamy state you have pictured poor De Lacy before your eyes as a visitor from the other wirld. It is your too vivid imagination, O'Dc.m -II ; but you will not be killed in the nncontre. That self sufficient puppy, John son, never fired a pistol in hit life, I dare say, in good earnest, and you are the best shot iu the whola Legion. Come, my dear fellow, be yourself! It i* almost timo for us to be on the ground — ice, day is breaking.' O'Donnoll drossed in silence; then, handing al.ttar to his friend, he requested him, in the event of hit death, to forward it to his mother. On« Of two more directions he gave liim ; then, swallowing a cup of strong coffee which Edwards had thought it necessary to order for him, ho declared himself re.vly to go ' to the placo of execution,' for, ha added, '? I know I shall be killed.' ' Tr.is will never do,' said Edwards. ' You matt not gt-, if you are in such a miserable state. 1 will hasten t'; Johnson's second, and say you are taken seriously lil, cannot leavo your bed, and tha meet ing must bs postponed. You must not go just to be slaughtered ; they will believe mo . and the duel aaa be putofT.' 'No, no,'' said O'Donnoll; 'I would not for world i ask any favor from lhat insolent bay ; no ono shall attach the stigma of cowardi'e to mj name. Hut, Edwards, promise me on9 tUng— thit you will do justice to De Lacy. Proclaim that hn was no traitor to tbo cause b» had espoimd ; prove that ho had nothing to do with the mutiny— that ho wr.s ntjustly accused, and that he porishxd - u» j ust'y. Will you promise me this ? _ ' I will,' said Edwtu'ds. ' But you will live to olear hii Ume yourself f you need not confess tha hand you had iu tho unfon^unate. matter, and I will njver'betray your confidence ; you can easily aay that circumstances you are not able to diacloso nave con vinced vou of his innocence. Everybody will beglad to take up that view of the matter, for even now thero are many doubts as to thrt reality of his guilt.' ' D.i Lacy !' exclaimed O'i^onnell, clasping hii hands for n moment, and looking upwards, ' does your spiiit hear f Your name shali he cleared of tha foul stuiu of dishonor, and your ifcath shall bo reven;cd upon your murderer. Uom« 1' he added, ' I am roudy.' The ynung men walkod arm in arm to tho plaoa ap pointed, nnd O'DoflneH'c xprejsed hii satisfaction to find that his opponent was not waiting for him, but was only cuming on the ground at the same time as himself. Edwards was most anxious for n reconciliation, and the yourg lieutenant, JohnBon, was evidently willing emu^h for it ; but hit second, a brawling, illtom pereil, disagreeable fallow, would not hear of the quarrel boing mad« up without fighting. The duel, therefore, li-ok plaoe. O'Donnell purposely avoided oven touching Johnson, while tha latter, by nuro chincs, not iu consequence of his skill, mortally wounded him. O'Donnell fell, and Edwards rnd Johnson both rushed up to him. Johnson was shocked and frightoned by his own act, and earnestly besought the dying man's forgivo ncss. Life wes ebbing fast, but O'Donnell shook hands with him, and told him lhat ho exonerated him from all blame, and that ho must not make himself unhappy at what was, after ull, moro accident than design ''It was my fate,' ha gasped, 'and you could not help it.' Thon turning hta fading fvoi on Ed wauls, who was kneeling by him, he murmured : ' 1 told you h$ came to summon mo. Itescue liis name from (lis - grace, that ho may not punus mc in the daikiome gravo! And may the God of the Universe pirdon mc — for the rake of his Sou — Jesus Christ I ' .'Aman!' said Edwards, with a aob, as poor O'Donnell foil back, and bis spirit fled to the un known regions of immortality. Header the mutiny which took place among some of tho soldiers ol the Brit sh Legion during th. revolutionary wir in South America ; the story of the officer having denounced another, who was inno cent, as having been oncerned it it; and that offljer having been shot by order of General Paex, are well authei ticated facts. The talc of the murdered rnin'j glioxc having appeared to his tcousar thd night before a duel, in which he was hilled, was current iu Cnraceas, Lagim/rii, and pomti of the West India Islands, at tho period when tMs strange ovent was soid to have eoourred. But as ne one saw the nocturnal vuitor except tho man whoso soul waa T weighed down by an unconfessHd crime equivalent to murder, it is to he supposed that tho appari'ion he thought he beheld was adelufion conjured up by a guilty ODu:-cience and an overheated briic. London Buildinos. — Thero tire in London 3 Royal Palaces for residences ; tha Royal Pa lace at Westminster, in which are the Houshs of Lords and Commons ; Whitehall ; 1 arcliiepis copal palace ; and 9 very large buildings or ?* groups of buildings, devoted to public offices, besides many isolated edifices appropriated to the same use. There are in London 1 cathedral, 1 abbey, and 322 churches, of which 68 ara within the boundaries of the city ; besides 76 chapels in connection with the Established Church ; the Independents have 116; the Bap tists, 93 ; the Wesleyans, 68 ; other Methodist denominations, 26 ; Presbyterians, 11 ; Unitari ans, 8 ; and Roman Catholics 28 placcs of wor ship. The Jews have 10 synagogues ; tha Quakers, 7 meeting-houses ; and the Catholic Apostolic Church or Irvingites, 6 churches, one of which, in Gordon square, is a very large and magnificent edifice. The Church of Scotland owns 6 churches. There' are 2 Italian Opera houses, and 20 other theatres ; and 4 large halls adapted to first- class musical entertainments ; besides the British and other national museums and picture galleries, and 10 exhibition rooms nearly always open to the public. Bank- ^ ing and commercial enterprise are represented ' by 84 banks (not including the Bank of Eng land) ; 8 principal dock companies; 10 gas companies, supplying the metropolis ; 88 in surance companies; and 11 telegraph com panies. Tho Superior Courts of Law do not occupy separate buildings. There are 10 County Courts; 2 City and 9 Metropolitan Police Courts ; 47 station houses (not including those in the suburbs) ; 4 sessions houses ; 10 prisons for criminal offenders, and two exclusively for debtors There are 3 principal Inns of Court, or large groups of buildings belonging to so cieties, enjoying peculiar privileges. 1 hero are 27 memorials and statues in the open air ; 8 principal railway stations ; 9 biidges across the Thames, and 1 tunnel beneath;? important markets for meat, fish, and vegetables ; 40 club houses ; 23 large hospitals, and numerous dis pensaries, and other charitable institutions. A Louisiana paper, in recording the death by lightning of two likely negro men, spys— ''The electrir; fluid of tho c'ouds seems' to ba no respecter of persons. It would us soon kill a negro worth fifteen hundred or two thousand dollars as a p.jor white man, not worth the powder fuel lead that it would take to blow his brains out !'' :V ???-, 