GOLD FIELDS STATISTICS. [From the Age.] From the second annual report of the Board of Science, now in our possession, we learn that, according to the mining surveyors' returns, there are 125,764 miners in the colony,-110,398 of whom are engaged in alluvial mining, and 15,366 in quartz mining. Included in the above there are 25,173 Chinese,-25,149 of whom are engaged in alluvial mining, and only 24 in quartz mining. The greatest number of alluvial miners is in the Maryborough district, and the least number in the Ararat district. Beechworth has only 304 quartz miners, although numerous veins and reefs of quartz have been discovered in that district. Sandhurst contains the greatest number of quartz miners 5,22 more than twice the number in Ballarat, Ararat, or Castlemaine. These returns show a great increase in the numbers engaged in mining pursuits, compared with the time when the last census was taken in 1857, which were then 62,428 and in 1854 the numbers were still less, namely, 32,332. The total value of mining plant on the gold-fields, including every kind of machinery, whether idle or not is £1,115,923, being an average of £8 18s. 5d. to each miner. There are altogether 581 steam engines employed in mining operations throughout the gold-fields, representing on an aggregate 8, 173a horse-power, of which 3,821 are engaged in alluvial, and 4,357 in quartz mining purposes. There are, moreover, 3,982 horse puddling machines, for each of which there is required on an average, three horses. These figures will, therefore, represent a total of 20,24 horse-power or horse, a power, be it observed, taking 5 men as the equivalent of one horse, nearly equal to the entire mining population of the colony. In the Sandhurst district, where the quartz miners are so numerous, there are only 99 steam quartz crushing machines (agg. hp. 1505), and at Castlemaine, where the number of quartz miners is 2,375, there are 85 steam quartz-crushing machines (agg. li. p. 1103). In the Ballarat district the number of steam- engines is 227, and of these 222 are employed in alluvial mining. The number of horse puddling-machines is greatest in the Sandhurst district, and in the districts of Ballarat, Maryborough, and Castlemaine the numbers are nearly equal. The least number of horse puddling machines is in the Beechworth district, where the ground is principally worked by sluices and engines moved by water-power. Maryborough is remarkable for having one windmill driving a quartz-crushing machine. The approximate value of the mining plant is highest in the Ballarat district, as might be expected from the nature of the workings. In the Maryborough district, where the number of miners is 32,933, the total value of the plant is only £115,315 and in Sandhurst, with only 17,720 miners, it is £232,623. This very great difference is due to the extension of quartz mines, and the nature of the alluvial workings in the Sandhurst district, both requiring machinery for the economical extraction of the gold and the contrast is heightened, too, by the sudden influx of population to Lamplough and Inglewood, where it has not yet been possible to place machinery. ELOQUENCE OF A YANKEE ADVOCATE. The following plea of a spread-eagle lawyer needs no com- ment:-" Gentlemen of the jury-The Scriptures saith, 'Thou shalt not kill!' Now if you hang my client you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do his duty ; but that will not exonerate you ! No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ? Who, freeman-who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word, not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience, but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principle animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrae, of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal preroga- tive ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you, by the name of women, this in injuring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmigration to do no murder. I adjure you for the love you have for the esculent and condiments gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder. I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipa- ted country ! I adjure you, by the American eagle that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you. expect free dogs not to bark at you if ever- you expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo-and to sum up all, if you over expect to be anything but a set of Exuaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throats, braided, small ends of humanity, whittlecWBwn to indistinct bility, acquit my client and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. Ontario Times. 