' THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Thursday, June 7. The Pkesident took tho chair at a few mi- nutes past 4 o'clook, and commenced the pro- ceedings by reading the usual form of prayer. MINISTERIAL STATEMENT. Mr. FELLOWS said, on Tuesday last, on the question of the adjournment of tho House, he said it was probable that|by tho day of its again meeting he would bo in a position to state what had taken place in the interim since tho altera- tions which tho Land Bill had undergone in that House. He bogged now, as the shortest and simplest modo of explanation, to road the note from His Excellency whioh was then alluded to. (Mr. Fellows then read a copy of tho letter, which will bo found in the report of tho proceed- ings of the Legislative Assembly, and continued) -Ho had now to stato, for tho information of the House, that the request, contained in that letter had been complied with. (Hoar, hear,) FURNITURE OF THE HOUSE. Tho PRESIDENT said he had that day at- tended a meeting of the Joint Library Com- mittee of both Houses, and it had been ai ranged, unless any dissent was expressed by lion, members, to hang the Counoil Chamber with curtains, in order to prevent tho draughts which had beon so much complained of. (Hoar, hear.) PARLL1MENTARY PAPER. Mr. Fellows laid on the table of the House a copy of. a rulo made by the Board of National Education. BEMISSION OF PENALTIES BILL. Mr. FELLOWS moved for leave to bring in a bill to enable the Governor to remit certain ponalties. Ho said, as the law now stood penalties payable to tho Crown only might bo remitted by the Governor if sufficient cause wero shown, but if any part of tho penalty wont to a private indi- vidual he had not that power. The bill also pro- posed to give tho Governor power to discharge persons who had beon imprisoned because they could not find sureties to koep the peaco. The bill was then read a first time. CBOWN LANDS SALES BILL. The Houso thon resolved itself into a com- mittee of the whole for the furthor consideration of this bill, commonoing at the 14th clause. Mr. FAWKNER moved that the words "four equal portions " be struck out, with a view to tho insertion of the words " two equal portions." Ho thought that overy farmer taking up and purchasing 80 aoros of land should bo allowed an equal quantity on which to graze hisstook. At the same timo, ho did not wish to give the quan- tity named in tho bill, as the result would be the locking up of a large portion of the agricultural londs in the colony. He had in his hand a copy of the address issued by the lion. Mr. Bennett two j cars ago, on the occasion of his election. That bon. member wont much further in favour of doforred payments than ho (Mr. Fawkner) did Ho called on that lion, gentleman to give his vote now in favour of tho principles ho then pro- fessed ; and ho called upon those gentle- men who held largo quantities of tho pub- lic land at nominal rentals to support tho clause also. It was proposed to allow persons to loaso land at Is. Cd. per nero, for the purpose of grazing; and ho could not see how thoäo gentlemen who ropresented the squatters could oppose such a proposition, when one of their class held 11,000 aoros for an annual payment of i 7s., and another ld.000 acres for nothing. (" The laud was worthlets.") That was always thoway with thesquatters-the land was always worthless when thoy had to pay for it ; but if it was so, why did they wish to keep it? If mon could have 13,000 acres of land by payment of a few shillings, and othors 20,000 or 30,000 acres for nothing, surely the House would consent that another olass of i men should havo tho right to lease a few acres by paying Is. 6d. per acre ? Ho would urge the House to retrace its steps in this rospect. He was quito prepared to admit that tho bill required a great deal of alteration. For instance, he in- tended to proposo the reduction of tho survey from 4,000,000 acres to 500,000 nores. He) also intended to oppose tho olouse which pre- vented a man from mortgaging orsellinghis land, lie could not see why a man should bo prevented from dealing with that which ho had bought and paid for; and he hoped tho Houso would consent to amend the bill in this particular. Ho was quite ready to believe that many men who began farming would be ruined, but so had many squatters. He, however, wisheá them to fool that the Legislature had endeavoured to put them in as good a position as possible. He urged tho committee to make this concession. Mr. HERVEY objected to the allusions to the squatters continually imported by tho Hon. Mr Fawkner into, tho debate. He thought it was botterto refrain from disturbing the unanimity of the House by making direct reforonoos to the tquatting portion of the community. They were m no way blamoablo for any position the Govern- ment might assumo in this matter. What Mr. Ifawkner asked forwas, in substanco, doforred pay- ments. (" No, no," from Mr. Fawkner.) Well - tho proposition was favourably rooeivod by those who advocated deferred payments. Ho, as he ' had before stated, was opposed to deferred pay- ments ; hut he hadno objections to a farmer bein» allowed a certain quantity of land on which to depasture his stock. He would propose that the j purchaser of one sootion might havo the other íor grazing, at a nominal rent, with the option of purchasing at some future period at a valuation, i ír181"1? th? r(?ources of the colony would be husbanded, and tho farmer would havo the nri- i i ucge of commonage. I Mr. FAWKNER, objected to tho proposition of the hon. member (Mr. Hervey), on the ground that no one ought to havo the use of the public lands without paying for them ; and again, unless the land given to the farmer for grazing pur Îtoses were immediately adjoining his agricultural and, it would be of no use to nim. The great advantage to bo gained from the plan proposed was, that the horses and working-bullocks could j be turned on the land, and brought back to work again without delay. Mr. FELLOWS pointed out that hon. mem- bers were importing into the disoussion va- | rious opinions on tho question of doferred pay- ments, whereas the olatiae merely provided that lands should bo surveyed in blocks of from SO to ICO aeres. Mr. HERVEY said it was obvious that the provisions of the clause pointed to some definite object. The proposition of the Hon. Mr. Fawk- ner was altogether different from his, and he could not seo how both views could bo accommo- dated in the same clause. Mr. A'BEOKETT supported the principle of deferred payments, as proposed by the bill. He wished to enable the man of small means only to enjoy the advantages of deferred paymonts ; and ho would, therefore, suggest that the credit sys- tem bo limited to allotments of 160 acres and under. Those who wished to purchase more than that quantity ought to pay in cash. Mr. HOPE supported the amendment of the lion. Mr. Fawkuon in preference to Mr. Her- veys suggestion. Ile supported it on the pre- vious evening, and would support it now. Mr. POWER thought they should bo very cautious in passing this clause. They should think about the land revenue of the colony. They were suffering from a want of labour in the colony at present, and if they wanted to make farms successful, they must import labour. If it were merely leases that were asked for, ho would concur in it ; but he objected most strenu- ously to deforred payments. That was the diffi- culty. If tho hon. member who had charge of the bill would state that this was not a system of deferred paymonts, he would support the pro- posal. Mr. FELLOWS stated that that was the inten- tion of the Government. As regarded the with- holding of the grant, it had receivod the serious attention of the Government ; but there was one groat objection to it. If the grant were not issued for the portion of the land that was paid for, and if, at any future time, it would bo advisable to determine the lease, it would bo open to the lessee to state that it was a groat hardship to turn him out, and take away all the improve- ments he had made. If a man takes land to farm, he must havo a houso, or some sort of a place for a homoBtead ; and if, in consequence of his violating any of tho conditions, he was I obliged to quit tho land he had leased, and that, I also, on which he had made improvements, it would undoubtedly be a great hardship. The course tho Government had adopted was ia order that it might not be said that the payment of £40 was on account of 80 acres or more of lund, but that it was for 40 acres only, as a pur- chase. Mr. POWER thought no class in the colony re- quired assistance more than the agricultural ; but to afford any opening to obtaining possession by a system of doferred payments would be a curse to the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ROLFE did not think tho proposed system was one of doferred paymonts. Leasing was quite different. Ho thought the 80 acres should be purchased and paid for, and ho decidedly ob- jected to any conditions being imposed upon this portion of tho land held. Ho would not allow the lessee to turn up the land loascd, as it would be doing an injury to the land. The speaker then went into an elaborate statement respecting the agricultural imports into Victoria during the year 1859, and stated that to have grown our own ' wheat and oats to the same extent as were im- ported, 561,900 acres would have been required to bo brought under cultivation. The butter and cheese wo also imported would have taken an- other 100,000 acres to produce ; so that hore we were importing- articlea that wo might have obtained from b6i.900 acres of our own land. He would movo that the words 640 acres in tho 24th line should bo struck out, and 100 substituted for them, bo tlint the latter amount would bo the) maximum to be purchased ; and he would strike out al! the words after "prepared," and roferring to the division of the lots. Sir J. F. PALMER Btated that they all saw the necessity of yielding somewhat ia tho bill, and ho himself was therefore disposed to do bo, and would consent to tho motion bofore them conditionally. He would desire to see the amount to bo leased restricted, say to 200 acres, and he would also wish to see the time for occupation reBtrioted to five years. Ho would then give the land to be leased for a poppercom rent. (" No, no.") He thought that any attempt to got a money rent would end in failure. After a certain number of years, when they had got a tonure, supposing the rent wero not paid, the country would not be in a position to eject thom. The loss of the land would bo a great evil, but the evil of a constant agitation would bo a still greater. Tho agitation would be a perpetual one, and would nover be disconnected from any groat question that might como up for discussion. Let thom restrict the occupancy to a cortain term, and give it at a peppercorn rental. There was anothor point he would allude to. Supposing this plan should succeed, and if, as it was deemed desirablo, it should draw a largo immigration to ' this colony, theie would be a largo tenantry of the Crown, and the collection of these rents would always bring the Government of the day into a disagreeable contact with the people, who would always be in a position to impose condi- tions upon thoso peisons whom they returned to Partiamonc. If there wero only to ho a few o£ theso tenants it would be all right ; but sup- posing thoy had 10,000 of them, what would they do then : If tho farmer were given the right of occupancy of the land for a certain period, with the clear understanding that at the end of that period it should bo put up for sale by auction, or should be open for selection, the great evil would be avoided. But supposing there were only, say l,OG0 of theso tenants, and ia addition to the 100 acres they had each purchased, they each rented 100 moro, there would be 100,000 acres leased, which, if rented at a peppercorn, would give no trouble, but if leased at Is. Cd. an acre each, would only give a revenue of ¿7,500 per annum; and, against that small advantage, there would be the odium, tlio danger, and the expense of collection. The ob- jection would not bo too great, if the timeof occupa- tion were limited. It would bo best to survey tho land in blocks of 400 acres. If it were thsn divided into eight equal parts, a man, if he purchased 50 acres, could rent another 50, or, if ho bought 100, he could rent the same quantity. Mr. FELLOWS.-Blooks of a square mile are best. Sir J. F. PALMER did not see the particular adiantago in square miles, although tuero must bo some, as it was always insisted upon. For his part, tho decimal system seemed to him to b3 a great deal better. Ho was quite satisfied that, if a party leased the land at a money rental, he would, after a period of some years, bocome the possessor of tho land uitliout any payment what ct cr. Ho appealed to thohon. member who intro- duced tho motion, and who well know thooffect of agitation, and asked him, considering what it had dono, what would it succeed in doing 1 In his opinion, the Land law should bo like the laws of the Medes and Persians-unchangeable Lot a mun do what ho liked with his own land, and pivo it him freo and unrestricted. If they thought it ndvisablo to let him land on lease, give it him free for a certain time, for five or seven jxurB, though tho former time was, in his opinion, enough, One lion, member had spoken of our importing articles that wo ourselves could have grown on 061,900 acres. Now, if theso wore brought into the market, ho thought there would bo no loss if they wore ovon given away, provided it would have the effect of inducing immigration. As to its being advisable to grow our own food, he thought, if a bushel of corn grown hero cost 4s., and we could import it from California for 2s. or 3s., it would bo far botter for us to do so, as our labour could bo far better employed boro. It was to our advantage to import from tho3o countrios that could grow cheaper than we could, and it would be a madness to go into agriculture extensively, as it was proposod to do hore, when there wero so many moro profitable things to be done. Ho would invite the Legis- latura to consider what would bo the conse- quence, if they got porsons to go into agricul- ture by extraordinary inducements, and than at a future time they should turn round upon thom, and complain of tlioir conduct. They should re mombor that before the gold-fields were disco- vered the quantity wo grew was moro than suf- ficient for our consumption. Flour was £710s. per ton, and wheat 3s. 6d. per bushol. If it should occur again, as soon as there was moro than enough for the consumption of tho popu- lation, down would go the prices. Nowj, what was their position in this colony? They could not do hero as they could in the United States or California, for there thoy had the markets of the world to go to ; but here we had nothing of the kind, and great distress would bo the con- sequence of overdoing agriculture. Mr. ROLFE had no fear of sueh a result, as he thought there would be a sufficient increase of population to prevent it occurring. Mr. FAWKNER had listened with great patience to what had fallen from the President, but ho wholly disagreed with him. Sir J, Palmer had alluded to a time when wheat was only 3s. Od. a bushel, but he could recollect the time when it was only Is. Od. a bushel, and when he saw 4,000 sheep sold at Is. 6d. each. That was when there was a general failure throughout the colony, and ho himself fell a victim to it, although he did not owe £100. He was opposed to the land being leased without any rental, although he thought seven years was enough for the man to have the use of tho land. To encourage im-, migration, ho was prepared to give half tho land fund for that purpose. Mr. COPPIN quite agreed with Mr. Follows, that they should confino themselves as much as possible to the clause, but he thought thoy should not consider the mere words. To his mind the clause meant deferred payments, as it appeared to him to give tho lessees the right to purchase what they leased, on a sort of pre-emptivo right. If ho thought, when tho squatting bill carno boforo that House, thero would he a system of deferred payments contained in it, he would support the system here, but ho was opposed to the idea altogether. The bon. member had alluded to a certain, entertainment at Ballarat, but he could assure him that ho was not inconvenienced in any way, either politicallyor bodily, by the smoke thrown upon him there. (Laughter.) Mr. BENNETT said the 14th clauso did not Îirovide deferred payments according to the popu ai sense. Deferred payments were generally supposed to moan, that a purchaser haung paid a largo proportion of the purchase money should be allowed credit for tho remainder. But the bill provided that a man should pay out and out for one portion of his land, having the power of leasing the remainder for 10 years. At the end of that time he had it in his power cither to pur- chase the leased portion or reject it. This was not deferred payments, but the creation of a pre- emptive right of the most objectionable character. Deterred payments involved either the relation of debtor ana creditor, or of landlord and tenant ; the latter relation, and the most objectionable, was that oreated by the bill. He objected to rent being paid for any portion of the land. He would say, let the adjoining subdivision to that sold be reserved from sale, and the farmer be told that ho may at any timo within three years purchase that land. If it was necessary to raise money, he would agree that 5 per cent, interest should be paid on the value of the land, in addition to the purchase money; but he objeotcd for rent being poid, because it would havo the effect of inducing in the mind of the occupant a belief that he nad somo sort of claim, of which it would be difficult to divest him. He would propose that every purchaser of from 80 to 160 acres should have the option of purchasing at the end of two, three, or five years, at the original purchase money a second section of land, with 5 per cent, added as interest. | Mr. FELLOWS said that, notwithstanding the variety of opinions expressed, there was nothing m the clause which was not reconcilable with any of them. He thought that tho man who was called upon yearly to pay rent, and admit that ho had no right to the land, was much moro likely not to regard it as his own than if he were permitted to occupy it for a number of years without auy payment. In answer to the objection of tho tenants being brought in contact with tho Crown, he might state that, in all probability, district municipal councils would be formed, to which the rents would be handed over for improve- ments. Mr. STRACHAN objocted to the reduction of the size of allotments of land below 640 acre?. He thought if it was allowed to purchase 329 acres, and rent a similar quantity, that a class of farmers would bo introduced much more likely to benefit the country titan a class of paupers. So far na he was concerned, ho was propared to allow the clauso to go, not from any pressure from without- his viows ia this respect had undergone no change. Mr. HOPE had no fear of repudiation on tho jiartof tho tenants occupying leased land; there might be a fow instances, but the law could be .easily onforced against them. Mr. BENNETT said it was not the repudiation of a few individuals that it as to be feared, but of a whole country side. Mr. A'BEOKETT protested against tho stato- j mont of tho Hon. Mr. Bennett, which attributol a lawlessness to the people of the. colony whioh was most unfounded. It was nothing less than a libel on tho Bmall farmers of the colony to maka such an imputation against thom. He could not seo that any additional machinery would be re- quired for tho collection of tho rent, as the obli gntion'would be on tho tenant to pay his ront, otherwiso his lease would bo forfeited. "Mr. BENNETT explained that his observa- tions had reference, not to tho payment of ront, but to the refusal of a whole country-sido to take up the leased land. Mr. COLE said, in legislating on this question, thoy wore forgetting what was Being, done ia the neighbouring colonies. It was said that Sir Charles Nicholson proposed to sell land in Queensland at 5s. per acre ; and he had lately seen an article in tho Sydney Morning Beralil stating that at the Columbia River farmers woro allowed to take up 100 acres of land before survey, paying down Bs. por aero, and the re- mainder, at not moro than 10s. per nore, when called upon, no could not seo how our farinera, paying £1 per aero for their land, and with labour at a high rato, could bo expeoted to compoto with the farmers of California. Ho was no free- trader-ho had seen the folly of it, and thought the prosperity of the colony would be increased by a system of protective duties. Mr. nERVEY thought if the House merely wished to give a grazing right over a subdivision of land, that it should bo distinctly stated by making alterations in the clause to that effect. Mr. FELLOWS said it appeared to him that thero wore in the Houso hardly two hon. mem- bers who woro agreed in respect to deferred pay- ments. If it was intouded to get rid of this principle by means of this clause, he must take the sonso of the committee. Mr. FawkneR's amendment was thon put and agreed to, and the clause, as amended, adopted. Tho 15th clause was then passed, with certain amendmonts, the only one other than a verbid one being "that applications for allotments should be made in not more than three months aftor their proclamation in the Gazette." The 16th clause, providing that lands should be proclaimed in districts, was passed without amendment. On the 17th clause boing moved, whioh pro- vided that the board should survey 4,000,000 of acres within 12 months from the passing of the net, Mr. FAWKNER moved that the words 500,00!) should bo substituted for 4,000,000. Mr. FRASER suggostod that Mr. Fawlmor Bhould altor his amendment to 1,000,000. He would make it " not less than 500,000, nor moro than 1,000,000." Mr. FELLOWS thought it was very well to limit the minimum, but not the maximum. There might be applications for more thaa 1,000,000 acres. Mr. A'BEOKETT thought the greatest care should be taken in surveying the land ; and askod how much could be surveyed in the specified time ? Sir J. F. PALMER stated that he had made inquiries into the system of geodetic survey to be carried out, and found that it would be ten- dered for at a very low rate. He had, indeod, heard of one caso where a party had offered to survey a whole degree at Is. ()d. per acre ; but this was, perhaps, an exceptional case. Mr. COPPIN intended to support the System of salo by auction, and for that 1,000,000 acres would bo little enough to bo surveyed. He would oppose Mr, Fawkner's amendment. Mr. STRACHAN thought it would be an ab- surdity to survey 4,000,000 aorcs of agricultural land. Sir J. F. PALMER bogged to correct what ha had just said. He meant to say lid. per aero was the price the survey was tendered for, and not Is. Gu., as he said before. Mr. FELLOWS observed that the quantity surveyed would be quite independent of tho quantity proclaimed. Mr. A'BECKETT put it to tho Houso whe- ther .it was likely tho Government, with the staff it would have at its disposal, would be able to select and survey 1,000,000 of acres of good land in a twelvemonth? (Mr. Fraser.-"Yes.") The hon. member said, "Yes," but he very muoh doubted it. If it were made compulsory upon the Government to put up for sale 1,000,000 of acres in the next twelvemonth, it was giving thora a herculean task, especially when, as said hy Mr. Fellows, it was quite possible that it would requiro to nave 2,000,000 or more acres of land surveyed before getting 1,000,000 such as they wanted for sale. The present system of survey was vory bad. The system of tender had brought; forward a number of surveyors whoso work could not be depended upon. The words " four millions " were then struck out, and tho words "one million" were substi- tuted for them. Mr. FAWKNER then moved the insertion of the words, after "million," "one- fourth of which Bball be special lands." They would want a good deal of money, and they must get a good price for them. He would therefore wish one-fourth of this million to be special lands, so that they should be sold by auction. Mr. STEWART wished to! know if this one fourth would be in addition to the special lands mentioned in the 12th clause? (Mr. Fawkner. "Yes") Because in that case it would be bast to alter that clause. Mr. FELLOWS said this was the very sugges- tion he was going to make himself ; otherwise ifc | would make nonsense of the clause. The amendment was thon withdrawn, for the purpose of its being inserted in the 12th olause, [ when the bill was recommitted. The 18th clause, providing the manner in which applications were to be made, was then j proposed. Mr. Cole and Sir J. F. Palmer supported tho systom of free selection without auction, and stated examples in whioh it would benefit persons coming into the colony. Mr. A'BECKETT was in favour of a'valuation system. Mi. BENNETT thought they were going ort too fast.. They were going into clauso after clause without over having decided upon the main principles of. the bill-whether sales should be by fioe selection or by auction. The bon. member thought it would be best to postpone the discussion. Ho would move that the chairman report progress, and ask leave to sit again on Tuesday, by which time thoy would have deter- mined upon the principles_of the bill. > Mr. FAWKNER opposed any adjournment. Already on a former occasion they had lost noarly four hours, which wero ohiofly occupied in hear- ing the last hon. member talk. Tho country was m an uproar. (« No, no.") Yes it was ; ha T Í T^n parta ?f the country. The people wanted the bill passed ; and although he did not expeot to see it passed as he wished, still ha wished to seo the matter settled. t-JP^ÍÜ "ï"1 ^ Hervey were of opinion Cat tho 17th clause hod completely set at rest how tho million of acres were to be sold. *i^r\FI,,L0?rS th0.uSnt that any member who thought sale by auction should not be the sola mode of disposing of the public lands would vote for the present clause. - Sir J. P. PALMER thought that whethor tho land was open for free selection at £1 per acre. or by valuation, it was desirable that persona coming to the colony should not be kept for a lengthened time before being able to get land! but should be able to go to tEe Survey-office and choose it at once. The real object of ais bul. ho ^Äed'f ?£" î° "ïer faoUities t0 the ünrai firant to got.the land ho wanted. If A wanted a particular piece of land, ho had, under tíús bul to wait a considerable time before his tender waS opened, and then, perhaps, he found B nadgiven another tender for iL and ho was as far offge£ ting it as ho was at f&st.; He thought it prem£ turo to decide upon this olause until they ¿ad deZ tenmned upon whether the land shoula bedout _uotíon.UP PnCe W Sh0Uld be put »P *. m- F?LL0WS thought it was absurd because) * man got; to the office "ratho should get the pre* ferable claim to the land. If a big man an* ti*? T Ä* t0 íhe door a -ttíegíbefore^t was opened, the weaker individual might ve« hkelyget hustled off and the strongfr wouk? make a nish and get tho land. . . Mr. POWER supported the motion for report- ing progress. He really thought the eonSes n,fX° U?der8^dÄ m>T* "s pS ought to bo established before detaUs were dealt HHT nHo.Wft8 n°t.Pwpared to support the abo- lition of the auction systom ; and he thought ÄÄ ^Ven to hon. members f°r » I ^ FELLOWS said, this olause simply ia. [volved tho proposition whether there should ba i sales otherwise than by auotion, and thoso who i voted against the clause virtually said that landa i should not be sold in any other way than b» auction. * Mr. BENNETT suggested that the prinoipla of how lands were to be sold should he fairli determined m open argument, and he Would urea on the committee the propriety of roportine progress. r ^* [ Mr. COPPIN said ho was in favour of salob» auction, and would therefore voto againm- -T olause. - ' b"»"^ ftla Sir JAMES PALMPn " ._ ... ' volved the question of^"SS?* ,thi_ olau*> in future bo soldIbvanL«^hether ianda should ia !^<w«^ÄÄ£S?fc Ho hadVot imnortunf. -.,2""r_faura?I?t on the merits 0f tbü 'toth» S Triad, t-,ní He thought the question ought to bo fairly * nrgued. ' j ?' ' The question that the Chairman report pro- gress and ask leave to sit again on Tuesday was then putland the committee divided, with the fol- lowing result : Contonts .10 Non-contents.14 Majority. 4 Mr. FELLOWS said that, the question of ad- journment having been disposed of, he had no objection to the Chah man's roporting progress till the following day, with a view to going back to Hie first 12 clauses of the bill. \ Mr. HERVEY said, all he had ever contended for in reference to the valuation of land was, that thero wore lands which possessed certain advan- tages over and above thoso artificial advantages enumerated in the bill, and that those lands should bo sold at a price aboi e £1 per acre. Mr. BENNETT reiterated his ùows as to the necessity of discussing the priuoiplo of the bill before entering into its details. The remaining clauses of the bill were then post- poned, and the committee proceeded to consider the first clause of the bill, which was agreed to without amendment. All the clauses to the ' eleventh, inolusivo, wero agieed to, with verbal amendments. The chairman reported progress, mid obtained leave to sit on the following day. POSTPONEMENTS. Tho consideration of the message from the > Assembly on the Law of Evidence Bill was postponed till tho following day, also the further consideration of the Education Bill in com- mittee. LIBRARY COMMITTEE. On the motion that the progress report of the Library Committeo be adopted, " " Mr. ROLFE moved that, in addition to the names of the Lord Bishop of Molbourne and the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, as recipients of Par- liamentary papers, tho names of the olorgymaa of othor denominations be added. After some conveisation, the ordor of the day lias postponed till Tuesday. LIEN ON WOOL BILL. The House then íesolved itself into a com-1 niittce on this bill, pro forma. The Chairman obtained leave to sit again on the following day. BELTAST BOUNDARIES BILL. On the motion of Mr. Fraser, the report of tho committee on this bill was adopted; and it was read a third time, and passed. COLLINGWOOD GAS COMPANY'S BILL. On the motion of Mr. Coppin, this bill was y read a socond time and committed pro formi. Its further consideration in committee was made mi order for Tuesday. l. ' The House, at 10 minutes to 11 o'clock, ad" ' 'jotiined until the following (this) day. : ' LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. * Thursday, June 7. ' The Speaker took the chair at 13 m' mites past 4 o'clock, at which time there was a full attendance of membois. The galleries woro also crowded with visitors, evidently anxious to hear the Ministerial explanations. , MESSAGE THOM THE GOVERNOR. The SPEAKER announced that the private tecictary of tho Governor had communicated to him the fact that His Excellency would attenl ' the Legislative Council on the following day, at half-past 4 o'clock, to] give his assent to certain bills. REPORTS. A supplementary report fiom the Civil Service Commissioners, and other papéis, wero laid on the table. THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. Mr. NICHOLSON.-I rise, sir, for the pur- pose of making a short statement on behalf of myself and colleagues. I may, in the first ' place, be allowed, perhaps, to read to hon. members a letter which I have received from His Excellency the Governor, It is to this effect : " Toorak, June 4, I860. "Dear Sir,-When you tendered the resigna- tion of the Ministry lost Wednesday, on the ground of the alterations tho Land Bill had un- dergone in committee of the Legislative Council, und recommended that the responsibility of forming a"new Administration should be devolved upon tlio Hon. Mr. Bennett, as leader of the Opposition on the occasion, I took time for in- quiry and consideration before I either accepted the resignation or adopted the advico offered. " My reason for this course was, that I looked .upon any request to Mr. Bennett to form an 'Administration as tantamount to an abandon- ment of the bill in question, which the Legislative Assembly has spent so many months in discuss- ing, and has passed by so very large a majority. Furthermore, I saw clearly that, m the face of that majority, it would be impossible for any Ad xninistration ho could form to carry on the busi- ness of the country. " I preferred, therefore, awaiting the effect . ii hieb the prospect of your retirement from officä, and the probability of a subsequent collision be- tween the two Houses, might have on the mem- bers of the Legislative Council who had voted against tho bill as it stood ; and I have employed tho interval in endeavouring to ascertain from thoso of tho number with whom I could most un- deservedly communicate what chance there wa3 0f their modifications being yet restricted so far as i to admit of tbe measure being accepted on its re- turn to the Assembly. " You will have seen that hopes,to this effect were freely avowed during the debate which took | Ïlace upon the Ministerial explanation by the Ion. Mr. Fellows on Thursday evening ; while the most friendly feeling was at the sumo time expressed towards your Ministry by several of those who had voted with the Opposition. " The result of my own communications con- vinces me of the existence of a favourable dispo- sition^ in both these respects. i a < üiiltr J i I'd' " Under these circumstances, I trust that, on reviewing the whole position of affairs, and seeing the loss of time, the exasperation of feeling, and the serious injury in many ways to the oom munity which must ensue from any attempt at a change of Ministry at the present juncture, you will consent once more to resume charge of the Xand Bill, so as to afford an opportunity of learn ing what the views of the Legislative Council really are, by how many of its members they are ebal ed, and in what shape the measure will bo finally suffered to loai o that House " Li cn if that shapo prove unacceptable to tho majouty of tho Assembly, one great advantage lull have been gained, in the long protracted struggle on the land question, by the information thui acquired, and a definite issue will, moreover, bo pi esented to the constituencies of the Login Jntivo Council, when called on, under the Con- stitution Act, three months hence, to return a aiew member for overy provmoo " With a view to the interests of Her Majesty's service alone, I have therefore to request th.it " 3 ou and your colleagues will withdraw the rosig nation tendered, ana continue in the discharge of the Executive functions entrusted to you, Which I am aware of no ground foi revoking on ac- count of anything that has occurred since you o [ entered office, " I am, Dear Sir, " Yours faithfully, (Signed) " Henry Barkly. The Honourable William Nicholson, 1 vi1' &c;, &c; " , )f/On receiving this letter, I asked my colleagues to , j j^jmeet me , and, after due consideration, wo carno isL iib the resolution that it was our duty to act on e ' this letter, and withdraw the resignations we had / (!5{ <tendered. I havo nothing further to state than .!.,__. that we have done this, and have resumed office V accordingly. I Mr. DUFFY.-Mr Speaker, I have listened to the short statement of thoJChief Secretary with sincere pam and astonishment. (" Hear, hear/ Irom the Corner.) It is now about 10 days since this House gave its enthusiastic assent to a step .which that hon. gentleman took, m the full co nil dence that he liad not taken it without considering ,' ' ii hereabout it was to lead nun, and in the full con [ .! j iidence that, having taken it, he was not about to ! »-j Tetire from it. (Hear, hear,) But after the lold stand he initiated-after the hopes of the tountry were raised to such a pitch that success appealed within their grasp, wo are now invited uiïor so I must interpret the statement that hm teen made-to consent to a compromise on this jtj , question. ("Hear," from the Corner.) The hon. i ¡ s gentleman based his conduct, on the last occasion of the meeting of the House, on the precedent of i ibe retirement of Earl Groy, on lus defeat in /' committee of the House of Lords I wish the Ctju lion gentleman in. taking that precedent for his i,uide had taken the whole of it (Hear,' hear.) ' '¿ail Grey declined to return to power, except \\- _ 5)n condition of having the bill, and Jhó whole lull I smccrely wish tho hon member had i jursucd that course (heat, hear), and this both 1 cn public and personal grounds It is impossible u, \f) Iir this House, or any member ntfb. a real inte u r Test in the character ot this country, to do othor , * , than feel regret that one who represents tlu Mouse-one «ho is the offiual leader of the Jlouso, should lune tile n a stop by wluch he ij lowered, and by which wo' are all lowered. ( " No," from the Ministerial bench ; and " Hoar, from the Corner.) Sir, what has raised tho hon. mem- ber to tho position ho holds ? Is it tho large in- tellectual resources that ho possesses as a states- man and administrator in this Houso? (" That's on the othor sido," from Mr. Service. Laughter ; *' Hear," and " No.") Is it tho mastery in debate that ho has exhibited in this.Houso ? (" No," from, tho Corner.) He has gained his pros eut position because men in this Houso, and o it sido of it, trusted in the intogrity of kU character and tho firmness of his principles. (Hear, hear.) But I would beg to say that the course ho seems to bo prepared to tako is one that will sorely imperil and ruin that chnraotor. (" Hear, hear," and " No, no.") Hon. members may uttor a negative, but I don't think those who do so havo taken the troublo to consider | what will bo tho inevitable result of this course by and by. Horotoforo, when the bon. gentlemxi pledged himsolf prepared to abido by a particular principle, and to adopt a particular course, thora was a wide, if not an universal, conviction tint that course would bo taken, and that principio uphold. But what will bo the valuo of such pledges any more if-I am arguing this question liypothotically-the arrangement wo aro now asked to submit to, without explanation, is ono meant to end in compromise 1 (" Hear," from the Corner ; and a laugh from the Ministerial sido.). Hon. members on the fix sido seem, by thoir ironical cheers, to suggest that this is not so. Thon. I ask. whv did not tim lion, member tell us that he was not prepared to consent to any compromiso on this question? (Hoar, hear.) Why has ho not told us on this occa- sion, as on the day of our lastmcoting, that by tin principles of this bill he is prepared to stand '! (Hear, hear.) I repeat, I feel with regret that a gentleman who is in a position to bo of great usa to this country, and whose character is part of the public possessions of this country, should put it into such a serious risk. ("Oh, oh.") I will venturo to add, if he has been induced to take this step, as I venturo to assumo, by somo of his colleagues (" Hoar, hear," from the Corner), in some of whom wo havo no confidence (" Hoar, hear," and lnughtor)-in some of whom, know- ing as we did their antecedents, we never ha 1 confidence -it was a vory short-sighted prorioodin; on his part, for neither he nor they will derive any benefit from it. And why ? Is there a-iy member of this House ignorant of the positb.i which the Government has occupied? On n) question, except the Land question, have thoy had a working majority in this Houso. (" Hoar, hear," and " No, no.") They have been ha- bitually defeated on all other questions. Over and over again they have met defeats, which no Government that I have known could endurj. On the Land question, however, thoy had a ma- jority. And why? Because they wore sup- ported by bon. members on this sido of the House (" Hear," and laughter), who were friends not to the mon, but the measure. (Ironical cheers.) But I greatly mistake these bon. gentlemen if, after tho evi- dence of compromise now given to us-unloss it be withdrawn and renounced in the most em- phatic manner-the confidence which had enabled the Government to endure be not at once and for ever withdrawn. (Hear, hear.) For what pur Ïose, I will ask, did the majority of the membarg see around me now consent to eject the hv.e Government from office? Was it that they be- lieved the ridiculous and malignant fables of tin Constitutional Association ? Was it thought or hoped to replace them by mon more ablo as administrators and Ministers ? If so, in that, at all events, they wero signally unsuccessful ; for I venture to affirm, and I do so without the smallest fear of contradiction, that there is not a single office in the Go- vernment-with the exception, perhaps, of that of Attorney-General-which is not at Îiresent occupied by a gentleman who performs lis duties, here and elsewhere, less efficiently than his predecessor. (A laugh, and " Hear, hear.") The late Government were overthrown, not with the hope that those gentlemen whj suc- ceeded them would perform their duties moro efficiently, but from the suspicion-and I believe a well-founded suspicion- that on the Land ques- tion they wore not to bo trusted to do thu bidding and wishes of the country. That was the reason of their fall. But if the result of over six months' dealing with this question is, that, < after nil, the principles which the country con- tend for aro not to be carried into effect- if, after all, the country must endure, as God forbid it should, a pro- squatter Land Bill, then it would be much moro honest, much more legitimate, and much moro constitu- tional, that that measure should bo carrlod tnrougu tins üouso by an Administration con- I sisting of gentlemen who have throughout taken the risk of advocating these unpopular opinions, rather than by others who got into omeo by clamouring in favour of popular opinions, and j appear willing, if I do not misinterpret this move, to retain office by sacrificing those opi- nions. (Hear, hear.) If this be a compromiso (if it be not, I shall be glad to hear the Chief Secre- tary state, unequivocally and unmistakably, tho intentions of tho Government), I have shoiva how it will affect the hon. gentlemen who natu- rally bear tho responsibility as well as tho glory of resistance. I have also shown how it will affect the Ministry themselves. But we havo another consideration. How will it affect this House 1 (Hear, hear.) I think it will affect this House most injuriously. The hon. member and his colleagues have raised an issue, promaturely, I bellovo, with the other branch of the Legislature, and brought the two Houses face to face; and tint issue is ono in which one or the other Houso must I givo woy. Well ; what is to bo the conclusion oE that ? The conclusion of it seems to bo, that a majority of 44 in this Houso must yield to a mi- nority of 7 in tho other House. (Ironical cheers.) That is the solo solution, unless wo are prepared to abide by the bill and the whole bill. (Hoar, hear.) And hero I must not be misunderstood I as having the smallest hostility to the other branch of tho Legislature. (" Oh, oh," and " hear, ! hear.") I have never failed to express, who« the legitimate occasion offered for the expression, of my desire, that it should bo stronger ani more important than it is, accompanied by tho solo condition that it should bo dissolvable, when the necessity arose, and be subjected to the wishes and will of tho people That is still I my wish. I wish to seo it a great proud senate, able to withstand the caprico cither of thii House or a.chance majority outside; but, in order that it may possess that conservative element, it must be absolutely free from all sus- i picion of self-interest. (Hear, hear.) That con- dition it manifestly docs not possess at the pre- sent time, and for that reasoii I now desire, on | behalf, not of the House but tho country, lo sea it defeated. (Hear, hear.) As far as 1 am con- cerned, and-this matter having come upon u? I so much by surprise, and being go carefully con- I coaled to the last-I can speak only for myself (I have not had the opportunity of consulting any | one), I will resist by every means that may be afforded mo in this HouBe, and I will mark my disapprobation of any attempt to compromiso any of tho principles of the Land Bill. (Cheers.) I do so becauso the bill, diminished from its pre- sent character, will not answer any of tho objects j which it was intended to serve. It will not bring . immigration to this country. It will not even re- tain our population in this country. It will not tranquilise the present disturbed state of tbo publio mind. So far tram that, anv comnromisn nvnn if it should be assented to and"become law, according to my conviction, would be imme- diately followed by fresh agitation. (Hear, hear.) The question ought to bo sot' at reBt, and romoved out of the way ' of legislation on other questions. (Hear, hear.) And having expressed frankly my con- victions in relation to the courso the Go- vernment has taken, and which we must sanction by our silence, or dissent from in the way I am endeavouring to do, thore is ono othor point which I feel it would be treacherous and cowardly to avoid speaking out my sentiments upon, though, doubtless, it is one which I ap- proach with some hesitation. The Chief Secre- tary has submitted to the House a communica- tion addressed by the Governor to lum. Having heard that in the casual way I did, I of coursa am not so completely master of it as if I had rend it at leisure, but it comes toi this, that the Governor put himself in commu- nication with various gentlemen hi thot.othor House, in order to bring about such' an arrangement as would so modify the Land «Bill that it might pass the Council, and yet bo ac- ceptable to tho Assembly. (Hear, hear,,),u For, my part, I don't know what constitutional in- strument tho Governor may po33ess as to u mea- sure such as tho Land Bill altered by tho Upper Houso. The Constitution possesses suchauiia strument of the completest kind. The confi- dence of this House is the evidence of that. .Tua confidence of this Houso was given to a Govern- ment who declared that they would insist.upoa the Land Bill, and the whole of that billi, Hut how tho Governor, or any person outside ,tliU House, can como to any detinito conclusion with a view to acting upon tho modifi- cations of the Land Bill by tho , othor House, is for beyond my. comprehension. I will go further, and say that the Governor, who is tho Qucon's representative in this country, ought, it seems to me, to keep within the limita observed by tho Sovereign at home. Now, th a Queen can do no wrong, because the Queen doji nothing bave on the recommendation of her o in- stitutional adviser. She takes no step of a po- litical character except on tho adiiou of ion; Minister. But if mensures are taken without t!is assistance of responsible advisers, lite rojpouu bilily on tho port of those advise m to the c j nitr/ tlibappears. I have no hesitation in saying tu i-, £> have heard with regret and apprehension1 tb.3 courso which the Governor has felt himself jmti iicdin taking. That I think a course non' o-tho Constitution. I think when one Govorimiant resigned, the G. vernor ought to h.ivu pit Iii ii . belt in communication with somebody clio, ptr t'iularly as the functions of Government In^ii and end with a Ministry. Hear, heir.) I'.u hon, gentleman hero complained of lion.' mora- bais on the other side making " a disagreeable noise." The SPEAKER romindcd tho hon. momba. that ho was out of order. Mr. DUFFY.-In what respect ? The SPEAKER.-The bon. member tias'iu light to accuse lion, members of making'a dis- agreeable noiso. Ho has no right to ranko a re- mark that may bo offensive to any bon. mombar. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DUFFY (during continued laughtor from the Ministerial side) complained that there was n lcpetition of tho noise, and pointod to tho Ministerial benches. Mr. MARTLEY, who roso amid loud cries of " chair," said ho only laughed. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. SNODGRASS also roso, but was grootal with continued exclamations or " chair," which lasted for some minutes, during which Mr. Snodgrass kept possession of the floor. The SPEAKER requested the bon. member to resumo his scat. > Mr. SNODGRASS intimated that he desired tí speaK* to a point of order, and was allowed ti proceed. Ho commenced by referring to thi Ministerial explanation last week, whoa tho Speaker ruled in his (Mr. Snodgrass'B) own ease, that as he was not about to make a Ministerial statement ho could not bo heard, whereupon Mr. LOADER protested that Mr. Snodgrass wns clearly out of order in referring to a previous overling's debato. (A laugh.) Mr. SNODGRASS.-I morely wish to know whether the bon, gentleman (Mr. Duffy) is about to make a Ministerial explanation, that the same ruling may bo applied. The SPEAKER.-I presume the lion, mombor intends to concludo with a motion. Mr. DUFFY.-This interruption has boen sd trivial, that I shall make no further remark upon it. I will ask the Houso to como back to the real question-a vital question for the honour and interest of this House. I was speaking as to the course which the Govornor hu taken. That courso, though no doubt wollmeaat, is not one well known to the Constitution. When tho Govornor is represented by Ministors hor3, us ho is now, no doubt thoy aro i answerable for whatever is done. But I fool I should be eva 1 ing a responsibility in n manner unworthy of a member of this Houso if I did not sta'to, frankly mid freely, that tho courso taken by tho Governor in tho interval is not one that I think justifiablo ; at nil ovonts, it is not ono to nhich I can givo my assent. And'in ordor that this question m»y bo fairly debated, as I think it is entitled to, I move that the House, at its rising, do adjourn till to-morrow. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NICHOLSON.-Mr. Speaker, the speech which I made-tbo statement, rather, that I laid before tho House-I admit was a short ono, but in it I laid boforo the Houso all that I had to state; and whon the lion, mombor (Mr. Duffy) talks about Government having mado compro- mises, or intend making compromisos, I say that the observations are founded simply upon the lion, mombor's own fancy. I know of no such things. Tho Government have made no compromise ; and with regard to any compromise wo may intend to mako-("Oh," from tho Corner)-wo aro at liberty to tako what courso we jilease. AYo are as much entitled to the free oxeroiso of our votes as lion, members in the Corner. (Hear, hear.) Wo intend, with thosa members or without them, to exorcise that right. (Choers.) I say tho Government havo mudo no compromiso ; and what is moro, it is only fair to others to add, tint they have not boon asked to make any. Tin lion, mombor had pointed out that the legiti- mate and constitutional courso to pursuo would bo by conference between tho two Houses. Tins ii exactly what I think wo aro coming to. If there is a compromise at all, it cannot be between tho members of the Ministry and certain mem- bers of tho other branch of tho Legislature, but it must bo between tho two Houses of Legislatura themselves. Thatistheconstitutionalway. (Hear.) We have mado no conditions of compromiso ; wa have been asked to mako none (hoar, hoar) ; aal thoreforo I think a groat part of tho bon. mem- ber's speech falls to tho ground. (Choors.) Tho hon. member has taken upon himself to state that I havo adopted tho present stop on the novice oí sovorai or my non. colleagues, in whom ho has no confidence Now, I will stato that I hold myself personally responsible for this net to-day. It was taken, of course, with the full knowlod co of my colleagues, betweon whom and myself Utero is no difference of opinion on the subj act ; but for the act I hold myself fully responsible. It was adopted as a matter of duty; and I trust thal my colleagues and myself, wlionovor called upon under similar circumstances, will not abandon the stato, or allow the country to bo loft without a Ministry. (" Oh," and "Hear.") The bon. member has also questioned the conditions on which the Government hold office. Helias pointed out the support which ho and his colleagues have given the Ministry on this land question. Ile Los likewiso sought to point out how weak the Ministry has been on othor matters save this. I can only say that I differ altogether from the bon. moinboi-, (Hoar, hoar.) If the assertion of tho bon. member wero correot, and if tho ex- istence of the Ministry wore to dopend upon his support, I would not hold -oflico nn ' hour. (Cheers.) Thereforo tho bon. mombor may tako what courso ho pleases. Whatever that coursa maybe, the Government holds itself independent of that lion, member. (Hoar, hoar.) The lion, member appeared to speak as tho representa- tive of the Cornor. I am not aware on what authority he did so, but ho assumed to speak for tho whole body. (Hear, hear.) I caro not what combination the lion, member may cuter into : all I can say is that I do not intend to bo guided by thom. (ChoorB.J With th 330 few remarks, I think I have "cleared the courso." (A laugh, and " Hear, hear.") When it is said that I ought to join the cry of " The bill, tho whole bill, and nothing but the bill," I reply that I feol myself at liborty to take what course I please. As to that courso I shall not consult the bon. member. I shall consult tho jo whom I am accustomed to consult-I shall 00.1 sult my colleagues. (Hear, hoar.) Tho lion, member, when ho speaks of " The whole bill and nothing but the bill," should remember that to a portion of that bill I havo boen throughout, and am still, opposed. I refer to the question of indefinito commonages, I am, I repeat, still opposed to that ; and thereforo I conceive it, would bo a piece of the greatest inconsistency in me if I were to adopt the cry of " Tho whole bill and nothing but the bill. (Cheers.) Mr. GRAY said it was with regrot ho hoard the statement mado that evening by the Chiof Secretary, and tho terms, or rather tho no torms, on which that bon. gentleman had accepted the proposition laid down for bim in the order of tho Governor. (Hear, hear.) As well as he coald understand tho Governor's letter, from th.3 cursory manner in which it had boen road, ha took it to mean that in all future controversies between tho Lower and the Upper Houses, tha Assembly should give way, until some two yoarj went round, at tho ona of which time smill changes in the Upper House might, perhaps, bring it moro into conformity with the Lower. (Hear.) In other words, ho understood it to mow that this country was to bavo tho very worst kind of aristocracy. Those woro not the principios oa which the Chief Secretary had hitherto recom- mended himself to the country. (Hear, hoar.) In tho mother country tho Constitution had its íesources and its resorts in times of great diffi- culty ; for thero, whenever tho Upper Houso, or the two upper branches of the Legislature, combined to oppose the will of the Common), tho Lower Houso had tho power of throwing tha lcsponsibility of Government on the shouldor.i of those who opposed them, by refusing tin means of supply. It was considered in a consti- tutional country that those two ordersof theLogls lature which rested not on tho representative power of the peoplo, but on hereditary right, should not venture to put themselves so' far m opposition to the general wishos of the peoplo as toj by involving the country in governmental difficulties, prevent tiie Government being carried on ; or if thoy did, the pressure of ,the Lower Houso would bo put on them, to, raise those difficulties fromrwhieh tha Chief' Secretary appeared on this occasion to havo shrunk. ("No, no," from the Treasury benches.) Hon, members said '.'No, no;" hi said "Yes, yes." (Hear, hear.) What public exigency, ho would ask, had compelled the Chief Secretary to resumo office? (Hear, hear.). Tha Chief Secretary had had it ia his power to put a .moral coercion both on < the G> \ernor and upon the other Houso (hear, hear) to put, he repeated, a moral > coorcion on a reluctant Governor and a reluctant Uppar House, if they choso to hold out, and to press oa them, by tho moral force tho country hod at ¡ti command, the acceptance of this bill. (Hear, hear.) This bill was one that particularly be- longed to that House-it was one that belongel particularly to the mosses of tho peoplo of this country ; it concerned the propeity of the masso3 of this country. (Hear, hear.) It therefore was a bill that tho Upper Houso ought to have made no alteration in, even the smallest. Tb.it was tho eroimd on which it waa considerad tho Chief Secretary was standing whoa a few nights boforo he carno down to thit House and won a character for manlineu by saying ho had resigned rather than allow the bill to bo mutilated. (Hear, hear.) Was that the position of tho Chief Secretary now, or did he desire the bill to pass? Did the hon. tho Attorney- General desire-to soo this bill passed? Had that hon. and leavnod gentleman over show.i any indication in that House that he desirod to see it passed ? (Hear, hear.) Had not, he would ;itk, the Attorney-General encouraged and invital this rebellion in the Upper House? Had thora net been a sort of mock misunderstanding or unger between tho Attorney -Geueial and the Otiief Secretary ? and had not the courue taken thora jj. won for the Chief Secretary the confidence of tho : country? (Hear.) Haditnotbeenpubliclyroported that the Attorney-General had refused to be a, party to withdrawing? and was not. ho would ask, that a portion of tho coercion that was pub cn the Chief Secretary to induce him to takta that night a course different from that which a, few nights sinco he said ho was prepared to take ? (Hear, hoar.) There nover was a publio man ia this country, and-if this lesson of what ho should call political botrayal did its work--thero nevor would be a public man so much trusted as the Chief Secretary had been. (Cheers.) That vory thing was in itself n part of the alarm that filled tho other House, and per- haps uuduly alarmed the representative o' sovereignty hero. (Hear, hear.) If tho Chief Secretary had only stood inactive, tho country would have polled itself, and, by remonstrance i to tho Governor and tho Upper House, showa thoy were, nine out of ton, in favour of passing this bill. (Hoar.) Ile could gather, from thi acts and languago of tho Chief Secretary, ni other conclusion than that when that lion, gentío man was boforo his constituents at Sand- ridge he meant nothing except to displace tho gentlemen who most ably, but with less sym- pathy from the country, at that timeoocupiel the Treasury benches. (Hear, hear.) It would appear that when the lion, gentleman and tin Attorney-General addressed their constituents thoy did not mean to carry out this bill. Could any one beliove thoy did, when tha Attornoy-Goneral, night after night, ronewed his invitation in that House for the Upper House to altor this bill ? (Cheers.) Why was it at that time that the country arose in a burst of hopo, when tho Chief Secretary seemed to soparato himself from that conduct of tho Attornoy General ? It was becauso it was believod tho Chief Secretary had overcome the Attornoy Geueral, but it appeared that the Chief Scoro tary himsolf now lay down under the Upper Houso. (Cheers, and " No, no.") It would ap- pear that Houso had not been adjourned to wait until thoy saw what the Upper Houso would do ; but it was adjourned to accept whatever the Uppor Houso would direct. In fact thoy wero told that the people of this coun- try should succumb to tho wishes of the Upper Houso (cheors) ; nnd that nono of those constitutional difficulties should bo raised to make it less useful lo them. That was tho adjournment asked for by tho Chief Secretary, who had that night undono everything whioh ho had done to his credit a few nights sinco. ("Hear, hear." Cries of " Question, question.") Mr. SERVICE said ho could not allow that discussion to drop without making a remark or two. The opposition-from the " Corner" was Bimply the natural reaction of that extraordinary demonstration theyjhad from that sido of¡ tho Houso on the previous Thursday. On the occa- sion to which ho alluded thoro was a su- perfluity of compliments poured on the hoad of the Ministry by the hon. gentlomen in tho Corner (laughter) ; and because tho Government had not seen fit to takenup the cry raised by thoBO bon. membors of " The bill, tho wholo bill, and nothing but the bill," the prosont reaction was tho consequence. (Cheers and laughter.) Ho should, however, ask the House, sonously, was it ever supposed, when this bill was sent up to the Upper House, that it would como back literally as it went? (Mr. Loader and Mr. Duffy,-"Yes j in principle.") Hon. mombers said, " Yea ; in principle." Woll, ho would join issue on that. Ho did not join with the lion, mombers in thoir extreme outcry of the "wholo bill." Tho Chief Secretary had given a sufficient rooson for not being expected to take the position the Corner wished in making that cry. When, how- ever, hon. mombers spoke of the " principle " of the bill, ho would ask if thoy could point out ona single act done or one singlo word said by tho Chief Secretary, or any of his colleagues, to show that they had receded from the principles of tho bill ? (Hear, hoar.) The lion, member, (Mr. Duffy) hod, with his usual ability for compliment- ing- but in his own peculiar way - spoken of certain members of tho Ministry. That han. member no doubt hoped that the time would yet arrive when ho would lead that Houso (" Hear," and laughter), with an array of talent supporting him ou tho Treasury bonohos-an ? array which would not only bo looked on as ex- ceeding that of tho present Government, but even that on which the lion, and learned gentle- man had turned his back. (Laughter.) Tho House had as yet no opportunity of Booing the lion, and learned gentleman's colleagues ; but thoy had had some opportunity of seeing those whom, that hon. and learned gentleman wished to see at his back ; and ho thought be was perfectly justi- fied, without egotism, or any attempt to dotroct from the merits of others, in saying that tho business of the country was as likely to be con- ducted properly by tho gentlemen then in office, as thoso who supported the bon. and learned member. (Hoar, near.) Tho hon. and loarnod member for Rodney had that evening allowed himself to run hastily into tho opposite direction; but at the same timo following the samo spirit which had actuated him on the previous Thurs- day, and during the interval from that to tho present time. That bon. member had not been idle sinco tho Houso lost met. Thoy had, no doubt, all of thom read the speeches of the bon. member in the morning papers ; and there could bo no doubt that lion, gontleman did hope that ho would bo ablo to securo a satisfactory laud bill. (Hear.) But again, ho wished to put beforo the Houso the position of Ministers with regard to this bill. Whon it' went to the Upper Houso the Ministers stated tho leading principles of the bill, and thoso on which thoy would accept no compromiso. Those principles were, shortly, uniform prico, leasing, and commonage ; and, in respect to thom, Minis- ters said they would accept no compromiso. But if any bon. member meant to say that in no shape or form would the Govornmont accept any modification in the dotails of tho bill, then ho would challcngo that lion, member to say whoa and where the Ministry so pledged themselves Ï (Hear, hear.) In his opinion, that Houso would be fairly justified in nccopting a modification in tho dotails of the bill from the Upper House. Again, it might be asked, what good hil been done hy tho resignation of Minis- ters? ( Cheers,) That was the question ; and he assorted that timo woultl show ("Oh, oh," and laughter) what good would result fron ,tho resignation. So far, howover, as thoy coull baso their convictions upon the lottor that ha 1 just been read from tho Governor, and the ex- pressions conveyed in it, based as thoy woro on communications His Excollonoy had with moni- tors of the Upper Houso, he thought Ministen were justified in coming to the conclusion that tho Upper House wero prepared to modify thoir viens, in order to pass a measure which would havo tho assont of that Houso. (Uear( hear.) Tlio Ministry had felt themselves justifiod in believing that to bo the case, from the statements in the letter of tho Governor statements so distinct and unmistakable that on thom thoy felt justified in coming to the conclusion that the Upper House was prepared to yield thoso principles to which ho had alluded ; and if tho Uppor House did not do bo, then ho would pledge himself that tho Government would never yield thom. (Cheors.) Ho most distinctly assorted that tho Government would abido by thoso principles which ho had stated, and on -ulrich the bill should either stand or tall. (Hear, hear.) There was nothing had transpired whicli did not wnrrant ithe conviction that the resignation of the Ministry would havo the effect of producing o Land 15ill which could not have been obtained withou,t it. Ho had no doubt some bon. members in that Houso woro sorry that tho Govornmont lind taken the course they bad. He had no hesi- tation in endorsing what had boon stated by the Chief Secretary, that,while tho.Government hal been anxiouB to secure tho support of tho House generally for tho measure, never during tho whola Íiotsage of the bill through tho .Houso did ' thera or ono momont arise a misconception' as t> the terms on which the mombers of the Corner und the Ministry stood. (Hear,i hoar,)' Thora never was ono single solitary moment in whic i the Ministry felt tnoy in any respect received the1 t,ympathy,of the - lion, ^mombor for Yillioi» ¡tnd Heytesbury, or thoso-ho did not ,know how many or how few ' thoy wero (hoar, hear) -who acted with that bon. nntl learned gentleman. (Hoar, hear.) So far for thoänani-. testation which had^been made b^ lion, gqn 'tlemcn in the Corner. \As for tho Goverriiuont, thero was not one iriember of it that was not'pro pared to tako up the note that had boen sounded by the Chief Secretary ; and to say to lion, gentle-; men in the Corner that if thoy, thought tiley could manage that Houso and carry on tho public business, let them try. (Mr. Duffy.-"'Hear, hear.") The bon. ano learned member foi'-1 Vil- liers and Heytesbury said " Hear, hear/'-méan ing, of courso, that ho could manago public allairs. (Laughter.) " All ho could say wasjlctHhat lion, gentleman como and try it. (Hear, hear.) Let the bon. member put a distinct issuo on the paper, and come and try the question. IjChoers.) Ho said that in no spirit of bravado. He was awaro there wero three parties'in'that Houso, nnd that any two of them "combined could beat the other. In saying that ho exceptad the Cornor; because, evett jnith the support of tho other party, ho thought'' the Corner would havo considerable difficulty in maintaining a position at all equal to that of tho present Government (hear, hear) j and ho had no hesitation in saying that if the lion, mombor for Villiers and Heytesbury had beon on tho Minis- terial benches ' for the lost six months, and anxious to carry a Land Bill, ho would have sub- mitted to more dograding defeats than tho pre edit Government had done. (Cheers.) ' ' Mr. LOADER said thero was a very romar_ nblc difference between the tone of Ministers on that as compared with a former occasion.'' O à the occasion to which ho alluded they were deter mined to stand or fall by tho bill, and to resign, their position if it wore not passed. On the pro sent, in conscquonco of the superior influouoe brought lo benr on thom, they found out that thoy liad boen hasty in thoir decision, and this they should not havo resigned. (Hoar, hoar.) Thoy woro told thoy carno too quickly to tho do termination to resign, and that thoy should wait a littlo to seo what the Council would do, and not bo rash. (Hear.) That was, no doubt, good advice; but what ho wanted to know was, why the Ministors did not tako that courso themselves, instead of saying thoy would resign if. the bill woro not passed ; and thon quietly succumbing to tho Governor, nnd saying, " Oh, yos, your advioo is good-we wore too hasty ; wo will wait patiently until we see what is done boforo wo determino whether wo aro nblo to carry on tho eovernmont of tli3 country?" (Hoar.) It woulrf appear that thoy had had four or five days of political confusion unnecessarily. Ho repeated, the present was au undignified position for Ministers. Eithor thoy woro right in resigning, and, if so, should hav.1 stuck to it ; or else thoy woro wrong, and, if so, hi 1 admitted they woro, andlmddoncnghtiunccoptin j ottioo if thoy intended to carry out the altor.i tions made in the Upper House, and support them in that Assembly. Ho did not seo there was much to bo said in that debate. Ho thought tho wholo caso lay in tho conduct of Minister!. (Hear, hear.) Thoy ought not on that occasion to rodiscuss the Land quostion. It was, in fact, URBlpill tr. Ar. co. ft.» H.-' - - . i ? * - - uDuiuas io uo so ; tor tlio' President of Lands told thom he cared not for tho vote of tha Houso, and the Chief Secretary said ho would opposa the com.monngo«again, and that ho would ask no ono whother thoy would or not support lum until tho bill with its amendments came down. How was the House to reconcilo that statement with tho former statement of tho Ministry/that thoy would not accept defeat on tho bill, but that whatever the Assembly de- termined on should bo tho bill the Ministry would carry ? Thoy had now a contradiction. Ministers had abandoned their position on tho bill. Thoy lind informed the Houso that the bill thoy introduced might bo amended by the Assombly in any form it choso, and that thoy would support it. Ultimately the bill was passed, and sent to the Upper Houso by a sweeping majority; and in consequence of what oc- curred tuero tho Ministry resigned. The Go- vernor, however, said that Ministers had boon hasty-that they ought to wait to seo what tho Uppor Houso would do; and accordingly, notwithstanding thoir declaration to resign Jor carry the bill, thoy return to wait paliontly for the Upper Houso. (Hoar.) Tho wholo country was, therefore, to be paralysed, and for what¿? For tho squatting intorest-au interest which re- presented less than tho public-house interest, but which had. Uko tbo frog in the fable, so magni- fied itself that it was likely to burst, and tho sooner it did so tho better for tho country. ( "Hoar," and laughter.) If this country woro to he invaded ho would uko to know would the squatting interest riso in arms to defend it ? This bill was a Ministerial compromise. Tho Chief Secretary, at Sandridge, spoko of a compromise, and said it would bo better to talco 10s. in tho pound' than nothing. (" Hear," and " No.") Well, it might bo 10j. (laughter) ; but, oven so, tho 4,000,000 acres proposed to bo surveyed, as compared with tlio m bolo extent of the colony, was only Is. öd. in the pound ; so that tho people of the colony woro to get I8d. in tho pound, and tho squatters tho lSs. Od. (Hoar.) These facts should bo per- petually repeated until the Laud quoslion was settled. (Hear.) Ho owned himself deeply voxed to think that the Ministry should so soon havo departed from tho principles thoy thom fcelrcs laid down a fow nights ago ; but no doubt a day of reckoning would como. It was impos- sible to koop down progress-onwards it must go; and whether the obstruction was tho mouu . tim of squatterdom or not, it must bo burst up, and seattored abroad, so long as the people wero mindful of their rights. Mr. SNODGRASS, after seeing in the public prints the principles which wore usually advo- cated by the bon. member for West Melbourne nt tbo public meetings which ho attended, would wish, when that lion, member alluded to himself (Mr. Snodgrass) as a squatter, he would put him- self in the position ho (Mr. Snodgrass) occupied. Ho at loast was honest onough to say what really wero his own sentiments, and did not. desire to obtnin power by advocating those which ho must know in his own heart woro opposed to the best interests of the country. Mr. LOADER rose to ordor. Tho lion, spoakor i was charging him with saying that which ho know was untrue. (" No, no.") Mr. SNODGRASS had novor desired to charge tho bon. member with knowingly uttering an un ti uth, or ho would havo dono it in another way. Hoonly spoke of him as having been tboodvoeato of mensures-for instance, his resolutions* on iniini giation-which, whon ho found thoy woro opposed by a certain class, ho hau withdrawn. (Mr. Londor, " No.") From tho public prints ho found that tho bon. member was reported to havo ex- pressed au intontion of withdrawing those resolutions. Whon any lion, mombor strongly urged immigration, mid thon withdrew from his pro-nrranged lino of action, in conse- quence of out-of- doors influence, there woro bonio grounds for a charge of inconsistency, (litar.) Such inconsistencies had led tho working classes, between whom and the squatters that lion, moinber was always drawing comparisons, to say, when asked to protect the country-" Wo will protoct our country if wo got tho lands." This was tho payment they asked for. To como to tho real question at issuo, whoa the Ministry tendered their resignation, ho (Mr. Snodgrass) disagreed with the polioy of such a proceeding, behoving that mat icis had not reached tho pitch al which the principles of the bill were endangered. Hon. members of tho Council thought fit to object to tho modo of deferred payments adopted in the bill, but surely other modes might havo boen choion. Tho bon. tho Ohiof Secretary had nctod in too much of a hurry, without oven paying tho House the compliment of asking its opinion. In his opinion tho Houso was entitled to have this compliment paid thom. A conference might havo been held to consider tho subject; but,doubtloss, a feeling of indignation on tho part of tho lion, tho Chiot Secretary, in which, of courso, his col- leagues shared, incited him to tako the stop he did. This stop, however, was highly praisod by tho lion, members in tbo Corner, who, whon thoy now carno forward to-day and coudoninod tho withdrawal of the resignation, left bim but one conclusion to draw, and that was, that those lion, members who now scorned disappointed, would only bo too glad to accept omeo thomsolvo'. (A laugh.) Of courso. ho was wrong to alluJo to publia rumours, but would do so now, /so tar as to remark that he had heard I it reported that tho lion, member for Villiers and Ilojtesbury was expectod to succeed tho lion, tho Chief Secretary, and tho hon. mombor for North Melbourne was named as ono of tho pro- bable law officers of tho Crown. Boforo turning out ono Ministry, ho should certainly like to havj some idea as to who wero to succeed to office, au 1 was quito satisfied with the courso the Ministry had taken, Mr. BARTON.-As, ho had boon alluded to as one of a future Ministry, ho might as well at once-(" Question." Loud laughter.) Mr. CARPENTER roso to ordor. Mr. BARTON had thought the interruption had proceeded from tho hon. the Solicitor-uono ral; but as it was only from the hon. member for Maudurang i itlr. ¡¡lAUl'UHiï. Had not interrupted the boa. member, and thought suoh allusions woro not in order. Mr. BARTON had boen, at first, surprised to [und himBolf, os ho thought, interrupted by the [hon. the Solicitor-General, and had thoreforo stood dumb, but it caused no wondor to find tho lion, member for Mandurang doing so, as that iros his practico on all occasions. (" Ob, oh,") It did not matter, however; and his answor to the hon. mombor who desirod to know if he {Mr. ¡Barton) was to be one of the future Ministry i-nould be, that though his saorifices hod already Ihcon neither fow nor small, ho had no desiro to 'add to thom by being Attorney-Gonoral te any Ministry. (" Ob, oh I ") He . had hoard the Statement of the hon. the Chief Secretory with 'great pain. On Thursday last, he had expressed unbounded confidence in the Ministry, whioh ¡confidence ho was sorry to say had now alto nether evaporated. On that night, ho thought the best reasons had boan given for retiring from, office, but now the story, that- ? ' ' " Tbo klne of France, with 20,000 men, Marchen up a bill and thon marshal down again," was told again. Tho Ministry hod marched out jpf omeo because thoy would not compromise their principles, and now marched in again be fcauso they found tho hill too difficult. Tho state- ment of the lion, tho Chiof Secretary was as unin- telligible as any statement ever had boon. A fcompromiso was to bo made, but with whom? with tho Eastern Market? with tho Upper House? >r with both, or neither ? When the resignation ros first announced, ho thought at least that the .ountry had an honest Chief Seorotary, tho mv [ority of whoso colleagues woro also honest. Tho in. the Attornoy-Oonoral, for instaneo, he .jew to bo an honest man, howevor much he dif- fered with bira on cortain points. What did the "linistry resign for? What was thoir objoot? ros it to imitate the last Ministry, and loavo tho _and Bill to bo decided by future elections of ion. members of the Upper Houso? Whit rere those elections to be? If ho was not lisinfonned, some of tho members who re red by rotation had voted in favour of .jo bill. (A voioo.-" Only ono.") That oas rould rcduoo the test to be instituted by ona and would tho vote of the rest turn tho scalo ? The only result would bo n further delay and' a. longer lenso of offico by tho present Ministry, ono bart of whom wero anxious for delay for party reasons, and the other part to pocket tho prooe ed of office. . -.' i i > r The SPEAKER.-The bon. member is out of order m imputing motives, Mr. BARTON had mentioned no names lind imputed nothing to any one. It had been stated by the hon. tho Chief Secretary-tlia» he was anxious for a conioronco botween the twj Houses. (" No, no.") Now, in England, asimilar conference had once been proposed, but it wa? then resolved by ono branch of the Legisla- ture that everything that passed should bo in writing, and that all proceedings should be car- ried on by tho interchange of written documents i Was this the easy modo it was proposed to adopt? It was ovidont that the idea of a con- ference was one of thosedevices resorted to toso cure tho acknowledged end oftheparty whosopur pose, as declared in The Argus and othorwiso was to delay the question as long as it was posäi blo so to do. The policy of the squatters was well known; and what then was the policy of the Upper House? It had thrown out two Land bills but what was it willing to accept? That had never been told yet, and all that was known was that the policy of the squatters was to stick to the lands as long as possible, so that by the assistance of the people's money in the banks they might purchase all the lands at auction that were worth buying. True there would bo lauds left that would bo wortli having, but the eyes of tho country would bo picked out. The Land quostion had hitherto been kept oscillating botwoon tho people and tho Lower Houso, and now it was to bo kept oscillat- ing between the Lower and the Upper House .»hilo time was granted, and the squattors' obieot obtained, lor aught ho know, tho highest inttu inco in tho colony would yet bo brought to boar to mako the dolay the longer, and so eke out tho * years that the squattors wanted bofore the neonlo were allowed to get at their birthright. Ho warned thoso in office that if they thoueht they had got a leaso of oflico, thoy would soon lind out thou mistake. Ho wished Mr O'Sha rmBsy wore back again. (Laughter.) He bo lieved tho good sense and natural démocratie sentimonts of the hon. member for Kilmore would totally provent him from allowing himself to be carried away by the insano, insonsato folly of thoso who desired to delay the settlement of this question. (Lauphter.) It was truo that bon member had voted against tho measure, 'and ha might havo hoon led to do so by his disagreement with some of its main principles; but he would no more have approved of the conduct of the Upper House and the Government than he would have flown. If it was necessary to have a choice of evils, and a Ministry who would be indifferent to the people, and he and those with him, could turn the scale, he would say, the sooner they turned out the present Ministry the better. (Laughter.) Even if the hon, member for Dalhousie were to form a Ministry, it would be better to have a known evil than one which could not be described. At any rate, such a Minister would be better than a man who, after having been lauded by the public so much that it was impossible to laud a man more-(an hon, member.-" You lauded him.") He admitted he did so, because he thought that hon. membor was an honest man. He regretted that he had done so, and, would undo what he had done at the first opportunity. He had no confidence in the rest of the Ministry either. The whole act of resignation was a dodge on their part (" Hear, hear," from Mr. L. L Smith), to show that they would be inevitably recalled, and that it was impossible to form any other Ministry. Who had confidence in any one of them now? Was the Chief Secretary possessed of superhuman abilities? He had the credit of having raised himself from small be- ginnings, and that without a stain on his reputation (hear,Hear); but he had done that day enough to blacken his character for ever. (Laughter) It would have been better for him had he gone among a tribe of aborigines. (Great laughter.) As for the hon, the President of the Board of Land and Works, had he the confidence of the people ? That hon. gentleman had taunted the hon. mem- ber for Villiers with a desire to enter office, but did he know that at first he himself would have been sacrificed to make way for that hon, member ? That taunt came ill from him under those circumstances, and was as un- graceful as possible. Next came the hon, the Postmaster-General. That hon. member had said or done little enough to give confidence. With the exception of bringing forward his tele- graphic resolutions, which he did not carry, he had done and said nothing throughout his career which was worth comment. Then there was the Attorney-General, whom he (Mr. Barton) ad- mitted had been an honest opponent of every liberal measure that had been brought into the bill. To come to the other law officer, for what I did ho desorvo confidonco ? Had ho boen se- lected on account of his cffioienoy ? (" Yos.") I The othor night he had shown himself ignorant of tlio difference between simplo and special con.-1 tracts ; and what else had ho dono to show his fitness for office ? Nothing ; and the sooner he submitted himself again to tho sweot voices of tho matrons of Maldon tho better. Ho (Mr. Barton) hoped the matrons and the'mon of Maldon would tell that lion, mombor what they-thought of him and his principios. Ho would say littlo moro. As for the lion, mombor who thought proper to threaten othor lion, mem- bers with his displeosuro, and to say ho did not caro for tho votes of those in his (Mr. Barton's) part of tho Houso, ho would ask hinv, if ho had lorgotton that he, too, bad a constituency ? Evon the mon of Sandridgo might got angry, and turn upon him, and drive him with ignominy from his place. (Laughton) Did ho romomber that; in toll- ing bon. members ho did not caro for their voto, he was tolling a part of tho peoplo of tho colony that he did not caro for its support ? On what could ho roly, then, for support? If ho reliod ou the support of tho press, ho relied on journals the ninjouty of which woro always arrayed against tho popular interest, and which wero paid for being so. Tho press tried to mako tho Ilousesub sidizo it for Die support of its oalumnies, and to perpctuiito its own roports; but it should not do ko, if ho (Mr. Barton) could stop it.: It wau a press which had dono its best to annihilate ovory man who attempted to do any good for his coun- try, but failed in the attempt-lamentably, misorably. It had never lost an opportunity lu gain its purpose ; for, ns regarded himself, when ho had entored tho Houso ho was in possession of a large business, which had con- siderably diminished, ns ho believed, through the hostility of a portion of the press, whioli had laid itself out to misrepresent all ho did and said. He cared not a pin for its nonsense ; and if reduced to break stones on the road, ho would still stay in the House till tho Land quostio/i was carried. He told bon. members that thoir attempt to betray the country bud failed, and that tho Ministry should bo driven from oflico, if not from that House. Ho only desired that it would bo in accordance with tho rules of tho House that the bon. mombots who had just ro takon office should go before the country again ; and it would be soon seen if thoy would dare, to accept lilis compromiso. His eyes were op'oncd ; and ho now saw that tho object tho Ministry hal in viow was morely to koop their seats. Lot thom bo what they might, thoy could not bo worse than thoy wero, (Laughter.) Ho liopod tho peoplo would not bo silent, nor neglect to sup ? port tho real honour and dignity of the Houso.' if Victoria lost its population noxt spring, it would havo no one but the Chief Secretary to blame, for to lum, who at ono time had all tho credit, should be now all the disgrace Mr. BRODIE said the lion, mombor who had spokenlast had, as usual, assumed to speak on bo half of tho country. He had donous ho always did, arrogate to himself and to thoso lion, members who Bat near lum the position of speaking in tho narnu of the country and of the pcoplo. But really ho (Mr, Brodie) was tomptcd to ask what was the actual position of tho lion, membor and his friends in,tho popular confidence '! (Hoar, hear.) Whcro^ for instance, had been the lion" mombor for Rodney when, not long ago, ho «tooti for the representation of a large constituency 1 Did tho pcoplo return him ? Mr. GRAY.-And why not? Whynot? (Orto j of " Ordor.") Mr. BRODIE.--Well, tho lion, momber'wai tupposed to bo the moBt popular man of his party, and why did ho not succeed ? Tho fact was, that as the country then rojoctod him, ho, (Mr. Brodio) believed thoy would, reject >h|j opinions tilso.''Anti, on tho other hand, another lion, moinber lind tho othor, day been ro turncd to Parliament by a magnificent nu 5or¡ty, although ho was opposed to dofened piy ? xnonts, and a uniform pneo for land, and wai fnvourablo to protection. (Hoar, hear.) Why did the pooplo deny thoir.support to those whom, nccoiding to tho bon. mombor, thoy had so nuny reasons for supporting? The lion, member, aul his Montis ought to know that thoy did not, m fact, bo represent tho people as to justify thora in regarding themselves as pre-eminently in a posi- tion to speak for the people. Thoro bud boon a great amount of talk in the same quarter about liberality, and liberal measures. What did it mean? if it meant anything in the mouths of lion, gentlemen opposite, it meant nothing short of ' a community of goods. How, ho woull ask, could one lion, member, as had boou the caw), who know anything-and ho nun bo supposed to know something-of Mia value ot proporty, calmly look forward,to tlio sacrifico of some six millions of property, as I13 hud dono? Ho (Mr. Brodio) did not deny that, m his opinion, the squattors had their Ianda fat too cheap, but he did not desire to fill into tho opposite extremo, mid make thp Und worth nothing. It was his opinion that the pre hcnt differences wero peculiarly matter for ar-. rangement, l'hoy ought to bo arranged.,, 'Ehoy! w ci 0 not to sacrifico the presont Ministry tu tin 11:1 now purposes of a clap- trap outcry, nor to jield to the threats and dcnunciatioiiS)|iofi Hauern Market meetings, assembled with drums and torchcB to overawe the rest of tho population, What, after nil, did those moo« AVhydid so ww?%«gl( V hy, to seo a number of acrobats i, S^ innre way as thoy would have aX J?ïi '» Ä 1 y going to a theatre (laugbS. "?'*' ¡pito of tho evident absurdity o""'" f w- « ing, hon. gentlemen opposite inSsÄ Pnti tpon spearing in tho name of the.JW111! acting really vory much uko a «"mí*"1"?' "a Bagg.. (Laughter and "t^ST^ lenr," from Mr. L. L. Smith 1 Ti,« V n It» (Wr. Barton) too, was loudLb? hil'l5» "f*-' on mombor for Kilmore should 1 eS"Bl11' tho House. How ho had turned J? S^»1» cn the vote of want of confideneow % Ion. member who fortified li&l; *l'i »gainst the then Government oc ti,«,," Wj>< that it had acted ns it had dono1Cry ^ the Land Bill ? (Hear, hear ) Wlth r« li The SPEAKER said tho bon. __»," cf order. raomborwas«j Mr. BRODIE.-Well, it wn* ¡ suy rato, ho would say, for the W f^*' * pósito and tho bon. member C ïnttr°> combine m any way. f"ITn.» ,nT»e [ laughter.) Hon. gentlemen on¿¿"'" « vnys using threatening languai-e lo Ve ll oiffered from them. Tiley were tnU thos.11 »1 tobo raised from tho HurOT&V.;!ff* mid laughter) 5 but tho fact was tt L ''". Lover raised after all, cxcent Z\11 ,01cc « n little occasional Wu^menl l^a,d'* (Laughter.) Andthorewasa La?Lfblr the population of the oSaSMA^ f this bill to enable thom toÄd',ert;J ,nd were not passed; buí hoyt "ÎVl 0 the example of California.ff i,i_. lund system of tho United States did n, M ?c" PeÄ8oiDM<> ¡t. Ho wascon«T 1 0 land 'bilf would ever prevent Z^ io a country in which the?M* leeomçiich. Il ,M absl¿dXÄ' that they would never be aU toïï_ï 1 opulation except under a particular Ä'' Ho look execution t,nt.l." £"" ..T.T1* perhaps. Ltace.lmttheywoari.Táoraío Mmistry.ho thought, had taken nvrfiJ1 course in resigning, and so throwingLP¥ majority of tho Upper Ilouso the AL a resh Government. If those S& -, - "-lu vjouncilcouldii tlject, undor tho circumstances, to a Lwdli vliich,pcrhap8,migutnotnltogetherembcAi!l oin views. There had been, therefore, a ¿I for Mr. Nicholson to do but to return tool! Ard then, as to tho majority of 50 to lhtl 1 ad passed tho bill, did all tho bon. maali v ho voted in that majority beliovo in all ils r-1 usions? No. They wished the bill topsail lime settlement might bo effected, nntl that t 1\. ouse might get rid of that eternal question « ii turn to tho work of practical legislation 'li rll mean to havo tlio wholo bill, and notbii'i (l.o bill ? No : and ho, for ono, had ouïr?* 1er it, in tho hopo that the Upper House ». i o tome good by amending some of ¡t6 prona 'In short, ho thought the Ministiy lind lakent inly course thoy could take ; and that, b.Q ti ken it, they woro, undor tho circumslm ] ( rfectly justified in returning to office i cught to bo supported. (Hear, hear,) ' Mr. M'LELLAN said, in his opinion, Hep Secretary had failed to justify himself n j courso ho had adopted. Why hadhenudti attempt at a simm resignation at all, until c concession, or token of concession, tal l¡ made by the Upper House ? There uasrA. now apparent that lins not so before hisrt<ç tion, and they wcio in no more satisfnclotjn lion. Tho Chief Secretary had said hohl/t* declared his intention of sticking by "lid fl e wholo bill, and nothing but tlio bill" 1 1 c had said bo was prepared to stand or Mkjt jiinciples of tho bill. How did it no»i» ii lit ho was? (Hear, hear.) Ho (Mr.311 Inn) was afraid ho was not so prepare! I auld not but think thero had been a destruí ii just cause, and that a high character,s:i ti at borno by tlio lion, gentleman,Mi liiivo been sacrificed in the way it had, Ï irgard to what had fallon from the lion, mt' (Sir. Brodie), as to gentlemen on his (Mr.i|L Inn's) side of tho House not représentai, rcoplo moro than others, he begged toajt to represented a larger constituency tlmil: lion, member. ("No," from Mr, Brad»). (Mr. M'Lollau) never presumed to (¡peak tai whole country, but ho could say tliateifiji lio lind hitherto spoken had boen approTedlj constituency. Do uould never cease tea till tho Land Bill Mas cariied. If lit li Bill should not pass, what, ho null tí had the Nicholson Ministry dono! (Che and counter chcorB.) Thoy lind broijtlL n lot of sham gold-fields acls, and ;"J half useless measures. (Renewed tlsf and counter cheers.) But what realp ticnl good had thoy accomplished! Hi.. bo far bettor tlio lights should bo oxtiimk and that bon, mombers should go Ul their constituencies in the middle of Jtf ter, than sit there and do nothing. (J( hear.) If tho bill «oro not passed, tbejr; sacrifico at onco their honour and their ps (Cheers.) . , Mr. HOOD said thohon. member (Mr E hcd expressed his disapproval of thostvleil inmbcrs on that side of the House. 'lieft l un ivo that. The real question Mas, it tho Government were right in returningtiá vithin one weeli, and so falsifying thoirrrt (Hear, hear.) Tho speech of the lion, Cc «oner of Landa and Survey had rt disappointed him. It was semi-drntnatie,« eluicah. and semi- impreBsivo. (Lauglittr| hrd oudcntly been got up. (Bono« ed lui Qho lion, gentleman lind indulged fc in unnecessary and invidious compausons. 1 v ps one achievement. Was it right, i, foi him to sneer, us ho had donc, ii capacity for business of lion, membtn that sido of tho House? Ho Mould iii mend tho bon. member, and olliers, li collect a well-known principio of lojt, which, if you could not adduco argtuntit pi oof of a position, you wero justified mt bidcring it falso. The lion, member (Mr En: for instanco, had made a speech ninth t tnincd nothing but assertion, assertion, («¡a (Laughter.) Ho had said ceitain lion, ira' arrogated to thenisehcs that they rcprt k the people. Ho (Mr. Hood) would not pj that subject then; he would simply ají within a very few weeks nil districts ⅈ dosses of tho community would lie Etudiifi j ctitions, imploring thom to pass the lill m mlegiity. Ho know of tMO country à* v Inch were doing so already. Knowing Hil, i alf o that no potitiono had been presented!^ tie bill, thoy woro justified in saying thit tb rq resented the pcoplo in supporting tit I. TI e Chief Secretary liad said it would be yt¡ to await the result of ceitain elections Ion j rovinces, to tako place in August andiijt. tir; but ho thought tho lion, gcnllcna l 1 u\ o forgotten tho ¡£5,000 property quabfiia Looking at flvoout of six of tho bon. uti if tho Upper Houso wbo had voted apiri lill, to their wealth, and to the difficnl fnding others equally rich to oppose tbca Idicved that, in all probability, they'mu. iciurncd without opposition. And hot, 0 tould such elections be considered as ices (he bcnso of tho country ? Tbo Upper Boa» lot repicscnt tho country, but osli»1 in-all jiortionof tho population. It,1« , Chief Secretary was not prepared to get oil: oppose them, what ho said about aniW ubiiltof thoso elections was a mero sim m »ame membors would bo returned, andthtii^j then bo told, " Oh, it is tho voico of the« ni d things must remain as they nrc." ' hear.) That was what tho Chief Sccretuia But if so, and if the Upper Ilousowtf going on with tho details of tlio bill, iu remain calm, and still assert that liena' to tho principles ho had enunciated in tit t \- of that day week ? (Cheers.) There m question asked which had not been ans»1 < and ho repeated it,'in tho hope that it ti answered. Why had tho Mimstiy ie¿$ 'Mr. JOHNSTON said ho would not Mi Houso long, but ho must Bay ho didtiif ' the Ministry had gained a great victory, f hear.) Ho had not been present at Iii» debate, but ho had seen it thencitdiJi] ' newspapers, and heard also that notaÇfj praises bad been heaped upon the i' 'lor the course they had pursued; W bo looked back upon all tho circawj and found how very little had como out ti H he must say the Ministry were not in itBl letter position. An attempt had been t»l coerce the Upper House, and it had tmf M'Lollau.-''Disgracefully failed."), w'J Ministry had resumed oflico, without I come to any definite understood"* result, however, had arisen from I» oigamzation of , the Ministry us lo ' there could bo no doubt. It w,16 that tho unholy alliance between the JIM the gentlemen of tho Corner had be»B up. (Loud cheers, laughter, andcouitlf"1* The Corner condemned tho Ministrj t). loudly as thoy liad praised them (Laughter.) Ono bon. member had ovenffl far as to say that the Chief Secretar; Wg lavo takon himself off to tho atongM' , 1 ad becomo as black as they were, Iw It had boen said thoro nould «J of .the -bill, if the Ministry W acted as thoy had done, but he (Mr. '<? enid thcro could bo no risk of the majority of that House would never pin bill. (Cheers. For himself, he had Bert» n-uch interest in doferred payments, Mt» tbero woro other principles morotajw'i' , as free selection and a uniform pri«. j» t,jfcn, enough of sales by auction, «w*1 «ile, would never,, agree to any i» ', .did not. embrace the two principles « mentioned. Ho regretted tlio pw«" up by tho squatters in tho Upper li»" t¡~could be no doubt that the bill hil ¡m defeated by a squatting majority (Hear, Imt) He hinihelf had from tho first boan Jnuti squatter , but when, after some absonoa. j_¡kd returned to tho colony, he had imagined Hill thinfeS weroehangod, and that tho squattor-i Suss Kono Dy> m t,lloy wore b°oomo harm l. But, from what ho had seen latoly of , Upper Houso, ho must say ho felt his old , sninttcr feelings roviving within him, and ker than things should continue as thoy woie, |e thought it better thoy should do away wi h oiltmg altogether (Ohoers ) One wholesome It iv auld certainly flow from tho presa ib ilion of ifTurs, for thoy had stUl a majority that House which would carry a liberal laa I "' (_oud cheela ) \|r NOODS roso amidst loud erics of "quaj 0 and " adjourn Ho Bait! ho was much disp- uted at what lind fallen both fiom tho Chief crethr> and tho Commissioner of Lands and r cj Ho could not but think tho ground ir their feet was very slippery. Although |rq hid denied what had been hinted about a i piomi=e, e\ery ono must fool that it had lfi cfiuted, or virtually so. (Hear, hoj,r i [v hid hoped tho mnjoiity of 65 to 11 a |1 ln\c decided tlio question, but it now iiMin-d that, notwithstanding tho saonlien 'in members-ho meant the Liberal members ".hid nude, thoy wero doomod to bo disap ,n!ed lo piss a Land Bill was tho only iot " he « it ni tint Rouse, and as soon as it wa < it td, he, for ono, should tako himself off, nnl "lj After an n"itntiou of tin ee yoars, aftor clio ill of a trulv popular representation had tap t ttdtd, oi supposed to bo effected, thoy now u d o it th it no such thin¿ had boon Thoy 1 been humbug cd,mfnct, that was tho proper l0,l to use Thoy found, after all then. jcufclc. i few gentlemen, otvncre of stations, [tra -illowcd to sit and vote on thoir own li- res!« mil u cruthing supposed to have been held for tho popular causo had turno J. 111 ela ion and a Biinro (Hear, heal ) Tho jit of tho piesent discussion would bo mosb Íü atrsfutory to tho country, notwithstanding ht had been said hythe lion mombor (11° rodle) and by tho Chief Secretary Th-» ninny had been anxiously waiting for the se/ Dînent of tho Land question, and now thoy n! til it tho old gamo was all to bo playo I r rig m, m oidei that the squ "tors mi dit b3 He to pinchoso tho land, mid that a largo lanl ird clnss mu,ht bo created in tho country lieu, heil ) And yet the Chief Secretary iii teni of tilling them that the Ministry would ontinuo m powei with a compromiso on tho part f the Upper House, morely told them that thoy ,o Id continuo in powor Peril ips thoro would e no compromiso nt nil-perhaps thero wo al I enobill at ill (Heir, hear) It would luv j ¡en oat honest and stiaightforwaid to lo1 hem knov what thoy wero to oxpoot If hines «ero to remain as thoy woro, lu hould feel inclined to reoommond peoplo . to Sow Zealand, or somo othor colony ¡nd leave such a sheep mn as Victona would Jwbccomo Past legislation had done so-nj BiiL,»tiny rate, it had loft mauy poisons ia nth n condition that thoy could not got awi/ Bat still thodugtis, who could carry their ten, i ki) with thom, wero better off than tho M ' mrao mcicli nits, who could not transpoit tluir kc bluestone stores If the bill should n^ a <, he foi one should counsel all over whom he ii any mfliit.net:. to loave. a place which W13 ecomemoio le/iol than a homo to them Au ItempUos beuiL undo to koop an oligarchy in 0 session of tho land and tho country, and so rg is they woio to bo niiosted by tho momb"M 1 the L-fcislitiio Council, ho could seo no prac nl solution of tho question Ho had thought; -?e Chief Secretary would have said that, unless Be LcRishtno Council should pass tiio bill Be should bo prepared to advise tlio uttei -\ atiott of all squatting m the intorme ite districts (Hoar, hoar.) Such a coursa wild hue boon a ii aniy and honest one ünlow [i tthiii wero dono boforo long, he (Mr Woods) '"u lÍImT iln° morm»S the question o Id he settled in a very rough and uncoromo ?ous manner lion members on his sido of tha louse hid boon twitted rither unmercifully. id one lion membu had hinted that thoy woro nppouittl w thoy had boon looking-for a ,ii co of gettinj, into the Ministry There ii * hVUH ,of"truth m suoh a* 'mputation. oír, heir ) But oven granting that it were so k wai, there m tho antecedents of the present ¿cram nt to «hour that bon momberfon Ins |)c of the Houso could not conduct the busmets 1 hc c,0lm^y ful|y as well» (Chows and fcüter) Thora«« tho Post offi^icu m |ue Whoconduotet that > Was thoioany hing ?neilluly wondoifu oi difficult about ita ? moment' Aud tho Trade and Customs, ? n who could not do tin," (LaiHitor) k1 n, tho officers who « ei o at the head of tliosa ipiitments, enjoying thou £1,200 or £1 COO a "ir, i, thociso might bo, ho should há\o to k io iiciy until amount of capacity to nob . s doner,, «eil, for yale», those lion gZx [,,f, r" "i 0,1f,s,^u Pnvato mattera t> "iii' ' dl W "ot como bef0'« «io public. 7r 11 'i' "?'. ' T'JfM they could und ti > (bond hu"hter) Tho Ministry had, in ?ed, I ion ht in "orno mining moosuros, whica ' lieTJlÄ"Vl,UÜf '.?H ttemrÄMt Í w« ii, ,woula,m9bably fu"»s'i an equally titi I ti,? Vi10"18.,0, *"» WnHomen cV.i atti «itn it (Ronowed laughtoi ) Oh'anl eu «u the bon the Solicitor General, wholml h « , J ¥ l°m pe?í0 on thu bw °f astagc , I rÄ'"0T1'11,d0 before (Konowoi ,f.iñ'^ry-°ft'e capacities of the movi- le h <T°f J°°»t'"uedlaughtei) Tho die wol _ ..».v>,»j uu u toniior ocji proemed foi him a suppoit which, if li3 Mibi^fc^??»^ i i uuucu mom, no would íeceivo no longoi. It "t t suit him to ignoio the notion of popular ro |t tata lou, but ho must i calizo the fact tint Lr> mc.mbc.rof that Houso was a representative f the people, and claimed to bo heard, nnl to kilchoan! (Hear, hear ) It seemed íoally mi (Mi Woods) as if manhood siuTnigo ha 1 ct jcen i cah¿cd or understood, and that it hal te i toi ,ottcn that oveiy one was an oloctor, an I 1 i voieo in tho cotintiy. (Heal lion ) If in rs imagined they could ignore that fact, thoy oui 1 m ike up somo morning, and find they hal i ¡i « tumble mistake Ho did not want to seo ij c' dono which would go to unpin tho eth- el ey of a second Chamboi, but with manhood fln"c. on ono sido, and only a lostnctod ono ii tin. other-with the masses of the peoplo on Ire nie, and a fow bankers, merchants, and li|iiatt ison tho othoi-it must boovideut to all lit ny agreement which might take place bj lueen two such blanches of a. Logislnturomust bo h cid) accidental It appeal ed to him that asf ulla It ment should h vi o been mado by tho Chief icirctiiy upon lesuming the reins of offlco as ho ;iic upon lesigmn ' them. The Houso was thoa. :iun to imdustaud that the Ministry lesignol ice «mo tho L gislntive Council practic elly ino)ed certain foitures m tho Land Sill Now, tiliil not appear that any contiaiy action hal iken placo in the Council, ond it did. ii par that, on the lecommondatioa of hs 1 \cellcncy, tho Government lind resumed dice He (Mi Wbod3) behovod that tlu k1 uo would havo beon slopped some ti na Moro had tho Chief Seoretary stated thit (iercsi0ncd so us to allow the loadei of thoOppJ lition m the othoi House to cany out his vie v3 rehti\o to tlio bill ,1'hat would be, uiofTcet, th tt k nd his colle itjiies intended to stand by tua kill is it was It ho had said " no compioiniso," li re would hnio boon no debate at ntl As th> ase liowciei stood, tho Houso and thocountiy Uti i n"'ht to know where thoy wcio drifting, lo, for it must bo quite clear, from tho shoit paiement mado by tho bon. tho Clnot fccictuy, that tho giound w.is still opea for upi omiso That lion, mombor ought to it c\pl unod on what conditions ho resumoi mci, moio particularly after tho \oiy libeu.1 iippo t hu Ministiy had recoivod upon th? ill It h id been intimated that thero would bj confuenco between tho two Houses. Bunn- in incnibci on that side had deolaicd such a. use unconstitutional and impossible Tra ijouty of tho Houso, ho behoved, coneuirod it. a mc« It appealed not unlikely tint amend iciits in tho bill mado by both Houses would b> mdicd IncUnaids und forwaids, and ho wishoJ. know wheio tho farco was to end. Let? tho tie bo tncd at onco, so ns to know in which buick of the Leyslauuo the roal powci lay. lie umntiy ivis sick of the mteimiu blc discussions on the Land Bul, which Was, owever fiulty, an approach to a piopo» sot lenient of tho much-vexed question, Tho mlts m ic might bo .reoddy romodied Sonu liou"lit if tho hill bscamo law, the public landi oulil bo practically aliena* ed to tho people now i the colony, to tlio oxclusion of any who might i tlio futuro arrive from the mother country. hit, he thought, would not bo tho caso, for if io hill becamo lawto morrow, there would not bo lure than 10,000 porsons found totakoup tein >0 dining thone\tl2months. Atthesamotime, nUiicunciits to emigrate fron, England would e itlorded Ho was surprised commercial mon. 11 not seo tho matter in its truo light, but por hteil in standing m tho way of the settlement o£ it 1 ends, and consequently of immigration. IE tere w is tu bo any compromise m the measure i the part of Government, it was tanta lount to tllit House saying tboy bad boen mis ikcn m then views before, although having asscd tho measure by a largo majority. Tho ut.-[i"u hid been under consideration for ii j ihico years, and had boen invariably ?»'idled bv the squatters, both in and out t the Council, in a manner which showed icy weio desirous of driving tho present upulation out of the colony. What w« icir reason ho could not toll, unless it was that: iey wished to introduce a less mdependent claw f colonists into tho country, in which case tha d world system of landlord and tenant, with 1 its grinding miseries, would bo o^abhsbod. le would usR what the Uovcrnmcnt hid to ¡¡how for the seven or eight months thoj had occupied iho5 Treasury benches except the passing of th Estimates and the Appropnntion Bill If u li id not been for the distress that would havo been caused to tho country, ho (Mr AVoods) shoul 1 have opposed the Appropriation Bill Since i had passed, the tone of the Mimmy scorned completely to havo changed At th simo timo, he trusted he wis mistaken in tho view ho lind taken of their polioy in i efei cuco t tbo Land Bill Ho hoped thoy would btnnl b tho bill, and accept of no compromise, for then they were secure beth of thoBiippoitof bon mom hers on his sido of tho House and of the counti v a huge If, however, thoy accepted a compromise, he trusted so powerful a combination would bo formed m the Houso as must maka it inipossibii foi thnt, or any future Ministry, to canj on go lernment unless ,thoy acceded in tho first phej to tho long oxpressed wishes of tho people Mr PltENDERGAST would not lia\e trouble 1 the Houso had ho not foreseen, when tho Ministi y letigncd, that matters deeply aflccting the colony must, of necessity, mise out of that resiLiiutiuii Bowns Entisfied there could bo nopiopti Lovem mont unless Ministeis wero well watched hy in dependent mombers No statute, since the tim > of i\ ihinm III., had been passed which curbo I lho power of the Crown, for tho Mimstus of Hu Kint, wero deemed to bo responsible to tho Housj oi Commons, and the Houso of Commons to th > people It w ns for that reason no si atutc, had been j assed eui bing the pi orogatn o of the Oi own Still it was necessary that what had been pin oh is o l ly bloodshed, and tho tonor of bloodshed i hould not bo allowed to slip iiwaj A motion t curb tho powei of tho Crown bud of lato boon ii ado in tho Butish Houso of Commons, but with cut effect If, however, anything wero tooma nae horn His Excellency Sir Henry Burl ly to justify such a motion in Victoria, the blame would Le laid at the door of tho present Ministry )\ hilo ucognizing the importance of the Land Bill lu (Mr Prendergast) did not ngiee with it os i iii ole Tho hon the Attornoy General, ns well as li mself, had spoken against parts of the bill and Vt they had both voted for it The bon tho Attorney General had possibly studied its mo usions moro closoly oven than himself It waa ncessnrv to the credit of tho counliy that unio such bill should bo passed It mHit b) Itercd ns occasion requiicd When ho was told lint tho Government had thought fit to resign i d not becauso their measure had been thicTvn c et in tho other branch of tho Logislntm o for it lus indioato, and could still be io committed ind, in f net, sent back again pi etty much as' I «fore, ho thought their resiLiintion was, lo siv II e lenBt of it, premature Ile cai ed not foi Ihu iimouis out of doors, hut this much wuk coi tam Uat tho Ministry were to n coi tam extent con i ci ed bj tho letta from His Lvcclltnoy which ltd been lead by tho lion tho Chief Sccictaiy Jt wns also clear that a convoiuntion hud taken finco between the represcntatn c of Her Maio"v j rd persons outside thiitHouso,i elatn o to carn in cn Her Majesty's Goveinment He (Mi Pieiider" fast) wished thero wns such a thing m that Houso as actual party, in fact, two niopeily oitam/«d inities for then the Land Bill would hate boon n oro ful y discussed, and indeed havo been mudo a Letter bill lie would not lmo spoken that ticning, but ho thought the bon tho Chef Secretary had done wroiif, bj los.gnmg, «nd put JJisLxeelloncym a fnlso position by compell'm. lum ns it wero to write a lettci almost condemna toiy of tho courso taken by tho Government Mr SINCLAIR hid voted foi the bill at ovorv Un_e; iib ho considered it wns founded upou the j nm.iplcswb.ich hoenunemttd to his com iituencv I ' 'IT"',,0 J n elecl,on ,Ho llol,ed ]t « oi'ld como lack to that House neither mut Ktcd noi much altered, mid that the Government would mun inni its principios intnet lho onlj objection ho 1 ad to the bill wis, tint the quuntitj ot land ihrown open to survey wns tookie it Mr DON, from all ho could ¡, nllcr of thu Chief Secrctaiy's salement, whichTho hnd not ho advantage of henni,,,, wns of opinion tint lho Minis ry had returned to office without havm" i ecomphshed anything, and had, ns far as ho could make out, raised tho outcrj of i Ministonnl cm» when no necessity cms! ¿c1 for doini o J heir conduct was a piece of pu Lament in-ho wns louie to use> an unpnihnmoutnry pim,' a was humbug Mr Mmtloj -" Yes, yen lui,,, ti. Well ,f the ho,, the SoheVi G , " "l liked tho word, let him havo it abo Min, , v s conduct was a píceo of Pnrlnmentary hunioi (A laugh ) Tho country lind gamed abholi t h Milling by tho resignation. It wir almost ,. ii min» to ask what proportion of the »tolo he Upper House represented, foi ho fond that all «ho voted at tho last elections of uiididati» but one, successful ard unrmcce" ful, did not number moro than 0,000 Vue fhcj¡then fair représentât» es oía people numb , ing half a million of «horn it mis' a pío d oti t to tay tim 150,000 were on tho electora roll ot the Lcfcislative Assembly That tho toum.v thould bo goierned by i^ini ty u present ,n?t u opinions, and not 01 cn thoso, ot 0,000 inhibit its lins indeed monstrous 'iho Goiernmont .ti earned nothing by thoir ninnamvics Y J "' had , they had gamed tho knowledge that ni ni members of tho House now know I at ley wcie mistaken in thom Thoy, ,t soe.nuT had been prematino m piaismg tho Oouiii' ment, and their encourngemont had bien i< tiibutcd to bad motives Hie charge h id been made by the bon. membei for Dalhousie lo IT (Mr Don's) part, ho at any late might baie been excluded from the category, for it was fi, bc ond ho bounds of probability that ho wouldTwo been influenced by any hankering after noie? belonging as ho did to n class which hid b u m t put its foot inside tho House Tiieio ,ns no hopo or chance of his slUing or tim Trcnsuiy benches duung J,is nntma! I Surely, therefoio, he might bo exctlinC1 from having low, selfish, oi interested ,. ot ," let them understand distmetlj whetbci thoQo vernment intended to stand bj tlio ¿11 as ?i passed through this Houso Did they mtu I to stand by the leading pnnuples of tlit ¿li' What «ere, those lending principies > Ho had aodes.ro to say anything disrespectful wTthro i,ard to tho Ministry, «nd parliuifailv the eo Ju man at their head. Ho bid tho WW T of the honesty and mtegrHy of tlÄd?VT ary, and although he had an objtclTo" t L awyo.sjet he idmned tho Mimstri is a ¿u Iv beeauso they spoke out their opinions sha«Jut m W ardly and openly A latiLh j This h,.. 1 put it to Ministe/s whotlieAhii lutenckd to a tid ty tho leading principles of tfio bill ' U"r, " puce« was one. (" Heal, hear," from the ", n tory bench ) lVeo selection over foui m I on . cercs«ns another. (A \ oico - " ¿.,7 now ") Was not thal a IcTdmg Ä ^ul hej «otto havo four million acres ? It appel, then, that they woro to havo fison» in,tVl,,. Ï I mujit bo overnalf a m.ll.Ônof 'acrecer& only bo over that winch tho Comnnssio \;of Land and Woiks used to boast of-144 Ac cs tad not one worth selection (LauelTtei ) Wuo hey to have the leasing system, or tho «£ Um of deferred payments? Wero they to Imio fnimers' commons I Was thit »T,S , ° the Land Bill, winch had been Asea bv tlio »ember foi Dalhousie, embodied Tn,ÍLId away from it? (A lnutrli I if i, l «he four million ( acreB^wire "o ' °o - J they «ero to have free selection oioithov lîîn ïfha ywhat Valuo «»W Vi Lilli If tho selection «ero confined to a few _, - ......... vi Jiuuuo were to bo inverted, and men had to give plaeo to liutes-if this were all that the Chief Secretary und the Ministry had dono for the country, it «mounted simply to nothing tit all. Disappoint- ment must take the plnco of that confidence which tho" Houso fearlessly reposed ni tho Minis fry, and nothing would remnin for tho people but deep regret, and that fooling of hope deferred which sickens tbo heart. (A laugh, and "Hear hear.") If ever a party had lost a chunco of perpetual popularity, tlio present Mi- nistry wore the mon. (Laughter and cheers.) The Land.' question was ono in which every inhabitant'of the country was inteii'nted. It was of inore importance than all the uthor puLlio questions put together. Let tho Houso then bo determined to havo n proper settlement of the question, and to show the Ministiy that they wcro~the creators of Cabinets. (Hear, hear.) Nothing, ho believed, had given such a blow to the pastoral interest as tho recent pro- ceedings. ."Men .who had long defended thom were now arrayed in opposition. The member for St. Kilda (Mr. Johnston) lind that ci cuing declared that, , unless tho question were settled immediately, tho squatting interest should be swept out of oxistenco altogether. This he (Mr. Bon)'called a sign of tho times. Ho contended.that tho correctness of the "pure and simple" doctrines of the Convention were boing generally admitted, and that public opinion was travelling rapidly Conventionwards. Ho com- plained of the mombo« for Mandurang and South Bourke (Mr. Brodie and Mr. Newton) lidiouling his notions. Ho had done far moro for the political benefit of his country thim thoso bon. gontlemen ; indeed hu had forgotten a thou- sand times moro than thoso gentlemen badleurnt. (Laughter.) He reminded theHouso that thoy had not the ghost of an O'shanassy Ministry tu fight with,' That party was gone, and for over. Ho entertained a decidedly different opinion to his friend the member for North Melbourne (Sir. Borton) in wishiBg.tho member for Kilmoio back- again on the Treasury bouches. Ho (Mr. Bon) wished nothing of tho sort. Ho had mi ob- jection, to seeing the member for Kilmore on tho "right" benches, though not on tho I " left." (Laughter.) Ho did not like to go back- wards, and the O'shanassy Ministry wero f.u- bo hind tho present Government. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, he said bo should bko tin Chief Secretary to give some undertaking th.it the principles to which ho (Mr. Don) had called .men- tion would bo preserved. Mr. BMBLING observed that the pi' action which lie mado on tho night of the aunour. umei t of the Ministerial resignation was being ^er¡licd, He then stated that that resignation wns a aery wrong step , that tho Ministry would not extricate themselves from thou difficulty without ignominy ; and that this proceeding would do them moro harm than anything else which had happened during the presontscssion, Tbo caso of Lord Groy had been cited as a warrant for tho Ministen c1 step, but if Lord Grey committed a faut pas, the Chief Secretary of Victoria was not justified in following his example. (Laughter ) With regard to the intentions of the Government, ho eom llnmed that tho oiaole did not gt\o a ceri un lound. Ministerial views weie like those m the mmera obscura, no one but the Chief Secrotaiy «ould see them. (A laugh.) He complu ned lhat the Chief Secretary hod exhibited great dis- courtesy towards Mr. Duffy, and a want of fn in- nées throughout tho proceedings genei ally TI o Chief Secretary lind thrown down tho gauntlet to tho othor side of tho House. (" We will tike it up," from Mr. L L. Smith, and lnughtei J He (Mr. Embling) had known no similar Ministerial crisis in the British Houso of Com- mons Another week had been added to the present tedious session. A great deal of feeling Had been excited, and eui bono ? Merely for tho display of petulant humour on tho pnrt of the Executive. They would not havo the bill muti- lated or tampered with, and then all at once thty carno down to the House, and announced that they had received from His Excellency a letter which had induced them to chango their minda. Now, if he wero desirous of throwing suspicion on iho proceedings of the Government, 1 o might say that the idea of the pieparntion of that letter, and tho determination of the time when that letter should bo published, might la\o arisen from one particular mind. Ile 1 nrdly thought the Governor, whom ho respected ib tho representative of Her Majesty, would 1 ive written that letter but for tho aduce of somo ono prcsont in tbo Houso on this cccasion. ("Hoar, hear," and disapprobation J He thought they wero bound to throw e\eiy po« sitlo facility to induce the population of tho colony to increase in eveiy legitimn'o way. (" Oh," and laughter ) Ho contended the Go umment lind played falsely to both sides of tho House, and ho could only look on bon. members m the " Corner ' na being completely "sold" and '' done for." (Hoar ) Mr. HADLEY had cei tamly understood that tboMinisteis lind committed themselves to lins bill -not, in tho oxtromo language of " the bill, tho whole bill, and nothing but the bill," hut so f ai at concerned its principles and the dogico to which they should bo carried No certain statement having been made by Ministers as to what thoy would stand on, ho feared additional timo would now be lost by tho discussion in tho Uppei Hou e, and thus tho great object would bo gamed of keeping the settlement of tho Land question ns fnr off as ovor. (Hoar, hear.) Tor Ins part, he could only say that if the Ministry deserted any of the great principles of the bill, ho would op re se such a doeortion, and uso every endeavom to carry the bill. (Hear, hear.) Ho had mixed much with tho people of the country, and ho could emphatically deny the statement that theio was no cry in the country for this bill Nothing could be further from tho truth. What wits wanting at that timo was a bold statesman who would lead thom out of their present diffi- culty. That seemed to be the gicat want on the present occasion (Hear, hear.) He did not seo the use of sending up bills to the other House until this question was settled. Tho Uppoi House hud already this session thrown out two most im- portant measures-tho bill for tho Abolition of bfato Aid, and tho Pensions Bill, and it did not appear to him thero was much uso in Bending up otlici bills to them That Houso, to maintain its dignity and position in tho countiy, should adhere strictly to the bill, or give place to any other gentlemen who considered they could be able to carry it. (Hear.) For himself, ho should say that if any compromise carno donn ns to the pneo of land, that compromiso w ould havo his opposition. (Hear ) air PYKE said,-Hon members who had ad diessedtho House had commenced by express- ing then pam and regrot at tho course they wa e about to adopt Ho should oxpiess lus p im and >e_ret at tlio course those bon members lind thought fit to adopt ( Hear, horn ) Ho thou lib that was a timo when, nbovonll others, oil should bo thrown on tho troubled waters tWhtoi ) That was not the timo when any hon mombci having the good of the country at henil "lould desire to throw obstacles m tho way of a settle- ment (Hoar) Ho doubted tho patnotism-iim he disboheved the patriotism (ironical cheers)-¿I hon members who, when a question that li iel nutntetl the countiy for so mnny yean and which it wns so desnablo should be biought te a satisfactory issue, wns in a fan way of settlement would add fuo to the bro and increase he diffi- culty surrouiidint it. (Hoai, hear) It was sa- tisfactory to know,while that discussion wns Hik- ing placo there m the other branch of the Leu - laturosomoof tho leading pnnciples of tho bill were being discussed So t{,at it Vis imponible hori gentlemen elsewhere should bo ml uouced by lho speeches dehveied m that House (UiT M'Lellan-'MVhnt about the resignation ' ) Laufchter ) Hon member/- of the Opposition by their conduct that night had donoallin hen power írtfl0\enta fallsfn,ctory,solutl0n of Ü»» question Cheers, and countor cheers Tho speeches¡" those bon gentlemen would havo been She pur pose if they had not been purely hypothetical aud imnginary (Hear heai ) Tto Chief Secretary stated simply and honestly what had trmspned and hon members on the other side it once jumped to tho conclusion that the Government were about to abandon the bill Not one "ord tint had been uttoied by the Chief ScpJtniir justified that conclusion '(Hear ) Ohe.efoÄ w ns sorry hon membeis oppositoshoiildlmi e t ikei a course, which nothing that was said m that ncu"e justified thom in adopting Ono lion member mercy. Ho could only lepy that "Trulvtho mercy of the wicked is cruo. * (LaughtciT Ho thought if tho lion gentleman had only the good of the country at heart, ho would luvtei abstained from personalities Hear, hear ) Tho position of the question wns this -The Ministry, boney n thero was an intention on the pmtot {he Upper! Houso so to mutilate tho bill as that it would bo impossible for tho Assembly to accept it, took the course thoy did, and which ho was poud they had take« (Hem ) Thoy did not rotuin to nil, £ ngain without good grounds, and ho could only sav it bon. gen lernert thought othenviso Iel them fay so boldly. Hear, lear.) There was not. one member on the treasury'benches who de- sired to sit there ono moment longer than be- thought his doing so was for the good of thS country. _ It was not tho desire of place or pny-an insinuation so base that ho hardly know low to meet it (hear,)-thnt influenced Manis- teis m tho courso they had adopted. (Hear v*?i,) H1 \vr0l,ld ,ask tUo ll0n- member for Villiers and Heytesbury, who introduced tills d.fccussion and who of all members ought to know whether there wero not times at which it was the duty of tho Government not TO state to the House,everything that Zd transpired in the Cabinet. Hear, hear.) They weVe sookon to about precedent ; but there coulu X dent. In this country members wero elected on mnnhoodsulTrnge-very diiFerciitfrom the English lieuse of Commons. Neither dld til0 Upper Houso hero at al correspond to the llouio' of Lords at home. It was the duty of tho Govern- ment to remain as long as thoy could enny 0 t the principles of ho bill, and'if ho«, me.íibera opposite thought they wero not for the good Of the country, then, he would say, let those lion members come over and try for thpm0f.lv"= (Hear..) For his part he haZo deshe ÍS re ain .is seat one moment longer than ho had tho con iidcnco of tho country. («Hear," and <. Oh l") As a Ministry thoy cared little for the attacks of those who, in spite of their assertions, dhl not really desire that tho bill should be carriedI info (fleet; and, ho coulel tell the lion, member for Villiers and Heytesbury that thoy were «bout even, for if ho Mr. Duffy) did not place confi denco m what tho Government did, tue Goveni member! l0' ne° wh»t<"cr to. tiho bon. Mr. DUFFY.-That used not to bo tlio hon number's opinion. ° ' i "3?v;£.'îf^Bfn8ked if auy- tewteM effect could U expected from n contiiumnco of tho preso 5 delate, and whether, after their résignation, the; were not entitled to confidence till they baa been 1 ned and found wanting. Ho hoped the House m 011 d adjourn nt once, and not continue to sp0. ttCSL* tllin£S wllidl "" z Mr. NEWTON thought the remarks made with icfpoct to tho bon. member for Villiers and H.jtCBbury wero very refreshing aftor the assist ;...ee of that hon. gentleman baa been sough 'by the present Ministry in the first instance. Ho for one did not think the Ministry justified in the coiirf e it had taken 01; tho former or the preso ? ocoauon ; and if the first position of the Ministry nas .111 incorrect cue, that it took now was necei f-nrily equally so. If tho Government resigned beiauso ho mam principles of the bill were en- dangered,-why did it not do bo when the uri - ciple of free selection boforo survey ,m thiûwi. out! Ho saw no reason for tlio re- turn to olhco, save the Governor's letter, which seemed to bo written to serve as an excuse, ilo congratulated the hon. member for Collingwood upon the speech of which ho had so safely and happily delivered himself laughter), but did not think the Government had' dealt fa rly wi 1. tho House. If there was to be a compromise, 0 thought the Houso ought to bo told now what the compromise was. Hoîmagined something lurked behind, and would Uko to know what it would really turn out to bo. As for the remarks of the other-hon. member for Collingwood, he had no doubt that when he was in the wilds of Scotland he was a sort of Admirablo Crichton, whotaw great pity that when he left his country ho left l0ecTu,Ceh if A' 0arlli?B b^ndhim\laVg"te^ Leo use, If he had not, ho might have saved them all thejtrouble, and done all the legislation hinin EClf. In place of being the twinkling star he nowj was, ho might have been a glorious sun. (Great laughter.) Mr. BROOKE said the House had been asked! to continuo its confidence in professions the m'n-j cerity of which he could not think had been fully developed. Ho dwelt on the circumstances of, the resignation, and remarked that ho though- it, strange no explanation should be volunteered of the conditions on which the Government lind re-l taken office. Ho alluded to the precedent adducodj by tho bon. the Chief Secretary-that of Earl Groy's resignation on account of the Lords' re-l fusal to pass the Reform Bill.-but added thanl he considered that tho parallel ceased when thuj Chief Secretary returned to office wiihout a guaranteo equal to that possessed by Earl Grey-«J v'z. tlio King's written promise to create peer ii in order to force tho bill through the HOU831 of Lords. The bon. the Chiof Secretary amil his colleagues had returned to office on tho] strength of a letter from His Excellency, and he (Mr. Brooke) thought thnt if His Excellency! choso to mix himself up in affairs of the lundi lu Was surpassing his functions. As defining thal I roper limits of responsible government ho in-j tlnnccd the case of Sir Charlea Metcalfe, who, ; whilo- Govornor of Cannda, wished to override tho constitution in a manner similar to that under discussion. The present caso could hardly bo said to show that the principio of responsible govern- ment had been fully carried out. The Government in resigning had tendered certain advice. Was that advice noted on? No; the Governor took timo to consider. Ho had never asked tho gentleman indicated by the responsible advisers of tho Crown to form a Ministry, but appeared to havo taken a stop something like that he took two year» before, whon bo endeavoured to bring about a coa- lition between Mr. Michie, Mr. Haines, and Mr. 0 Shannssy, which carno to nothing. The Governor ctnversed with several lion, members of the Upper Houso, and ho (Mr. Brooke) denied that ho hod any constitutional right to do so. except at the- il stance of his legal advisers. This step laid 1 im (tho Governor) open to animadversion, and 1 e (Mr. Brooke) was not to bo prevented from stating in Parliament his view of the case. It i prcaied to him.that tho Government had nbnn cuicd tho position they took up a week sinco, ! or no sufficient reason, as they had previously iLnndoned every other. And ho thought the ( hitf Secretary had not acted consistently with li o high character ho had previously borne. Ii i j poured that, with all his honesty, that bon. n tmbor was destitute of the firmness which was i ( ceesnry for bim to bo able properly to fulfil 1 it duties. As for the doctrine of compromise, 1 e did not think it was legal for tbo Houso to entertain the question at all, and, after quoting ti o Constitution Act respecting monoy bills, ¡.iLUed that the Land Bill was essentially a n cney bill, and that thereforo its clauses wero v.] alterable by tbo Upper House. Having mado ibis constitutional objection, ho should say no n ore, considering it perfectly idlo for the Legis h.livo Council to attempt tho amendment of a I ill which the provisions of tho Constitution Act rrccluded it from touching. Mr. STEPHEN was satisfied that, as tho Land Bill hnd not been introduced into the House as a money bill should have been, the objection of tho Ion. member for Geelong fell to the ground. Ho cid not think, the debate a useless one, as much i nluable opinion had been elicited, but he thought i.n explanation from tho Ohief Secretary respect- ing his future conduct was called for. Perhaps, lad that lion, gentleman addressed a short noto t o His Excellency in reply to tho one he rc eeived, stating his determination to adhere to the n nin principles of the bill, much misunderstand irg would have been saved ; but, as ho had i.ot extravagantly praised the Chief Secretary before, he would not greatly blame bim now. It was the Governor's privilege to take advico from private friends relative to the resignation of Ministers. Ho trusted the breach between the tw o Houses would not bo widened, whilst at tho i time time trusting tho debato of that evening w ould havo a salutary influence in another quar- ter, so that when the bill carno down, the task of that House would bo easy and pleasant. Ho also tiusted that tho speeches of tho past week out of e'oors would never bo renewed. (Hear.) Mr, L, L. SMITH complained of the disrespect fhown the House, and moro especially the Cor- ner, by tho Chief Secretary. Ho might have given a statement of tho policy it was proposed to adopt, instead of merely reading to them His Üxcclíoncy's letter, by which proceeding it was i ought to sliift tho onus from the Ministry's to tlio Governor's shoulders. Ho (Mr. L. L. Smith) believed tho Chief Secretary resigned offico " because he thought ho wns tho rock which ex- isted and always would do in theBO colonies." (Laughter.) Unless it wns almost certain the TJpperHouBe wero prepared to mako concessions, lho Government wero not justified in resigning. "\\\ hen he (Mr. L. L. Smith) Baw tho Government supported by squatters, and friends of squatters, ho feared -somo covert project was on foot. A plain and manly Btntement, with which fho Heuso bad not boon favoured, would have put on end to all dibquietudo. The Corner had been defied-tho Corner, by which the Ministry had leen supported ; and ho thought that discourtesy might havo been spared. Mr. JONES was greatly surprised at tho aspect tho dobiite lind assumed that evening, and tho length to which it lind extended. The debate, ho considered, was quite prematuro, and tho onslaught and tirade against tho Government uncalled for. In the former debate, he lind not token part, leaving it to older members of the Hou60, and thoso moro conversant with its forms, to state their opinions. Ho thought the Govern- ment-had boen hasty in resigning before tho other House had brought anything practically before them. Ho was glad, however, thoy had token np the reins again, but ho thought it would bo better to wait, before giving any decided opinion, until the bill had been reported to them from tho other Houso. Mr. BENNETT felt that somo reason Bhould be assigned by the Government for the courso they hnd pursued-a Government which had boen , supported by bon. members on that sido of the Houso. It was said by some that the bill was not acceptable to the country, but he could affirm that his constituents, the farmers of East Bourke, woro rendy to go upon the lands under its provisions. The forthcoming elections, to which allusions had been made in His Excel- lency's letter, would not, ho thought, mako any matcnul difference in the passing of tho bill in tho Uppor House, as it was well known what in ,i_nenees could bo brought to bear upon electors. Mr. FRAZER nos of a Miiiilur opinion. The Ministry, it appeared to him, had played fast and loose with that House, more par- ticularly with a certnin portion of it-but between two stools they might fall to the ground. Let tho House know what tho future conduct of the Government wns to be, otherwise they might be going on from month to month, and bo at tho end in tho snmo fix with regard to the bill as tbey were then. Tho fact of the Ministry having been assisted in their measure by tho Corner had been taken advantage of by tho hen. Commissioner of Lands and Survey, who hod taunted them with having given a superfluity of support. That might, at any rate, have beoa ipnredthem. (A laugh. ) Howould nut say the Press bud anything to do with the late Ministoiinl movement; but still it was curious that tho courso recommended by n portion of it had been followed, Tho lion, member for North 'Mol leurno (Mi. Barton) said ho hoped Mr, O'sha- nassy bad been back to form a Ministry. Mr. BARTON denied that he had said any- thing of the sort. (" Oh, oh." "Yesyou did.") He was as likely to hopo the lion, member for Dalhousie would take olfico. Mr. FRAZER did not think the speedy re- turn f of Mr. O'shanassy had weighed for a moment1 with the Chief Secretary in tho courso lie had adopted. The hon. member concluded by hoping tue Ministry, if thoy resigned again, would not resume office unless they wero pre- pared to propose something definite. Mr. HENDERSON ftlso considered the Minis- try had committed a great mistake whon they i «signed -office, and had put His Excellency into a falso position. He submitted that ' the Governor had no other course to pursue. ' His Excellency hnd no responsible Ministers. 'He could not, Uko the Queen, avail himself of the services of a Privy Council. He hnd, there- fore, no.other resource than to seek in any part of the colony-in any section of political parties in tho country-gentlemen to assist him with ad- vice in tho emergenoy. (Hear, hear.) Ho (Mr. Henderson) thought His Excellency had in no way abused the authority with which ho was in- vested. (Cheers.) On the other hand, ho should leave tho Ministry and tho gentlemen who had foimerly given them such an enthusiastic sup- port to settle their differences among themselves. (Laughter and cheers.) The motion " that the House do now adjourn ' was then put, and negatived. ' ' INTESTATE ESTATES BILL. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of amendments in this bill from the Legislativo Council. TENSIONS BILL. -he amendments of the Legislative Council weio about to bo taken into consideration, when Mr, BROOKE suggested that, as tbo amend- ments involved Constitutional principles, which should be considered in a fuller Houso, their con- sideration should bo deferred for a week. Ho concluded with a motion to this effect, which was agreed to. INSOLVENT LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. STEPHEN moved the second reading of this bill ; and explained that tho object of tho measure was, to provide for the proving of debts, and the surrender of insolvont estates in the countryj-without compelling tho parties to como to lho metropolis. Tho Chamber of Coramorco at Ballarat, and merchants and dealers in the in- terior, had already pointed out the importance of Euch a step. There was no possibility of passing «n enlarged Insolvent Act for some time tocóme, and therefore this interim bill- short as it was, consisting of only four clauses-would be a great boon to tho community. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read a second time. The House then won't into committeo on tho measure. Clause 1, enacting that theGovernorin Council moy appoint commissioners in tho country dis tiitts; and clauso 2, vesting the power and ni th on ty of the chief commissioner ia such i Akers, were agreed to without opposition, !On clauso 3, empowering "evory commis- sioner to accept the surrender of an insolvent estate," some discussion arose, and . Mr. STEPHEN agreed to report progress, and ask leave to sit again on Tuesday next. The other orders of the day wore postponed. ¡THE OVENS GOLD-MELDS WATERWOBKS COM TANY. Mr. WOOD moved that the Ovens Gold-fields Water Company's Bill be read a third time. The motion was agreed to. On tho motion of Mr. Brodie, a proviso was inserted in one of tho clauses, providing that the Governor should have power to place limits and restrictions on tho grants under the bill. The bill was then passed. The House rose at 11 o'clock, and adjourned to 4 o'clock on following (this) evening. 