We lately congratulated our readers on the fact that it had been announced by an authority that "there are no ruffians in this colony," and we would have been glad could we now cite the same authority in proof that Australia Felix was equally free from perjurers. This, however, we cannot do. Judge Rogers, during the County Court pro- ceedings yesterday, caught a prevari- cator aod sent him to gaol for a week -a right wholesome lessou, that might, we regret to say, be often repeated with considerable good in most of our law courts. There is a terrible amount of lying in our courts, and the pity is that the difficulty of fixing the lie is so great as to render a committal as rare as the crime is prevalent. His Honor administered a very proper rebuke to the levity displayed in court while the committed witness was breaking his oath to tell the truth. The Crocodile Company, Black Hill, have just crushed 80 tons of quartz from their claim, and obtained a yield of about 42 ounces of gold, not includ- ing what may yet be washed out of the blankets, so that the average per ton may safely be estimated at half an ounce. This party only commenced to erect their machinery in the begin- ning of April, and they have thus been about the most expeditious in their operations of any company we know of. The Nelson Company, Frenchman's, have got through"the 4th rock, and are now puddling up at 330 feet. The company's shaft cannot be very far from the gutter, aud indeed the sooner j they reef now the better almost. On Friday night a Melbourne carrier, named Hexham, who was en- camped at Warrenheip, had three , valuable horses which he turned adrift to graze stolen from him. The animals were valued at .£140. The bazaar in aid of the building fund of the Roman Catholic church in Sturt street will open this morning, and continue for three days, in the salerooms belonging to Mr W. C. Smith, at the corner of Sturt and Doveton streets. There is a large collection of the useful and ornamental for inspection and purchase, and a band of music will be iu attendance. The Southern Gross Company, In- kermann, have struck the second rock at a depth of 179 feet, a fact which shows well for the chances of the I company. The sinking done by the company is as follows :-Rock from surface to 171, fine drift to 175, hard i clay to second rock. Puddling up is ! now going on, preparatory to a set in upon the second rock. j The Golden Gate Company, Redan, j divided £42 per share last week, be- ing the usual fortnightly dividend. The Melbourne bakers have reduced j the price of the 4lb loaf to one shilling ; ' those of Ballarat have reduced their ! price also, from one shilling and four ¡ pence to one shilling and twopence the 4lb loaf. Ou Saturday evening two mea with fire-arms entered the tent of a man named Bland, while he was oat selling his week's gold. One of lhem compelled Mrs Bland to stand in the chimney and look up it, while the other ransacked the tent for valuables. Their threats and language were of a disgusting des- cription. She was forced to point out a pound note in a glass on the table, the only money they had in the place. One of them was about to take Mr Bland's best clothes, but on second thought declined. The amateur performance last ci ¿ht (Monday) at" the Royal, was honored by a well filled house, the dress circle and boxes being especially crowded. The first piece was " The Spectre Bridegroom," in which Mr R. WaUli : as the ** heavy father" was made up admirably, and enacted the character with much ability and effect, and Mr j Sherard hit off the country servant j with considerable drollery and humor, both gentlemen eliciting peals of laugh- ter at the various points in the piece. Mr Haywood as Nicodemus discovered a very Oood conception of the part, but was unable to preserve face enough before the provoking fright depicted in the squire's phiz during the supposed ghost scenes. Mr J. H. Taylor was not so well upas usual in his part, and failed to throw vivacity enough into the business. . Mr Moore did the Un- dertaker with awful and lachrymose grief, and the ladies, Miss Harland and Miss Dunn, of course well supported the amateurs, the piece passing off very well, and loud calls at the close brought the ** histrionics " again their iiefore the curtain to make bows in acknowledgment. The curtain then rose upon a comic dance by Mr ; Solliaox, which was one of the most attractive things of the evening, |h<mgh provokingly brief notwithstandfhg the response made to the encore* which greeted ¿the first performance: We have wslrlom Been so light andi easy and withal graceful a ipa* seul. The well known old farce &Box; and Cox" was the next presentation, Mr Hoskins and Major Wallace enacting the parts of the immortal lodgers of the equally immortal Mrs Bouncer (Mrs Bellair). The whole thing was delightfully funny, and of the lodgers we must give the -palm to the non-professional. There was a quiet and sustained drollery about the "printer" which was scarcely equalled by the representative of the gentleman representing " the hatting interest." The " Irish Tutor" closed the evening's entertainments, but oar space precludes a detailed notice of this, one of the best portions of the night's performances. As Dr O' Toole, Major Wallace fully verified our pre- vious estimate of his histrionic accom- plishments, and the rest of the amateurs played well up in support, the house j being convulsed with laughter at the ! repeated hits in the coarse of the piece. I This evening " The World and the Stage" will be again performed, with Miss Rosa Dunn in lieu of Miss Avonia Jones as Kate Robertson. All parts of the house are to be open to- night at half-price. Yesterday afternoon two bakers found found several gold specimens on the brink of the Creek which runs be- hind Spencer's Bakery on Bakery Hill. The finders are so elate with their dis- covery that they have determined to mark off a claim in the locality alluded to. We have heard of other persons also who picked up some specimens in the same place. A meeting of the members of the Rifle Club was to have been held last night at Roy's Hotel, but owing to the paucity of attendance the business to be transacted was postponed till a future day. Last evening about 200 persons sat down to tea in the Evangelical Lu- theran Church. Several clergymen of other hranches of the Protestant Church were present. After tea the Reverend Pastor Goethe, of Melbourne, was called to the chair, and a beautiful extempore prayer having been offered up by the Bev. Mr Walker, the chair- man bore testimony to the laborious exertions of the Rev. Pastor Niquet among the German population of Bal- larat. They came from the land of I Luther, and were proud to belong to ! the church of Luther, which taught the grand doctrine of justification by Faith. In 1853 there was not a single Evan- gelical Lutheran Church in the colony : now they had one in Melbourne, in Geelong, Ballarat, Bendigo, Smythes- dale, at the Grange, and various other parts of the colony. In Melbourne they had also a monthly German magazine, which was paying its expenses. They had also schools and schoolmasters, and a dépôt for Ger- man books, and they had every rea- son to be thankful for the great progress they had made. The Rev. Pastor Niquet next addressed the meeting, and having alluded to his connection with the aborigines and the vicissitudes which he encountered in the colony, his arrival on Ballarat, I and visits to h's countrymen in tents i and in the bush, he spoke of the kindness which he had experienced from all sections of Protestants here. ! He was followed by the Rev. Mr Mil- lard, who said he was proud that the spirit of catholicity which he witnessed pervaded the various evangelical sec- tions of the Church on Ballarat. The various speeches were translated into German by the chairman. Several other persons addressed the meeting, after which a collection was made, a hymn sung, and the proceedings ter- minated. We have received a copy of a new publication by Messrs Heath and Cor- dell, of Geelong, entitled " The Co- lonial Handbook for Farmers and Gardeners," which we can strongly recommend to those to whom it is addressed. It is in a large measure a compilation of articles which have al- ready appeared in that well known and valuable serial, the Victorian Agricul taral and Horticultural Gazette, among j which we may specially mention " How to cultivate a hundred acres of land," the " Farmers' Calendar," Table for calculating wages," &c.; Mr Thomas Lang is the agent for the sale of thc work in this district. Some thief or thieves, on Friday morning, entered a shed belonging to a carpenter named Butler, in Doveton street south, and stole a basket of tools. Several other articles were left outside the shed ready for being carried away, but the thief, it is presumed, had been scared, for they were left behind. At the District Police Court yester- day, a man named Henry Smith was committed for trial at the Circuit Court for forging the name of Mr Philip Russell, of Carngham, to an order for £20, which he presented to Mr Craig of Bath's Hotel. As an instance of the honesty, which sometimes characterises persons in humble circumstances, we may men- tion that on Saturday night a woman named Tyke, who resides on the Brown Hill, lost a purse containing £31 12s in a very mysterious way. A person was apprehended on suspi- cion of stealing the money, but on ; being brought before the magistrates ' at the Eastern Court yesterday, he was discharged. After his arrest a miner named James Robertson, who resides at the Brown Hill, found the purse on Sunday on the road with its contents all right. Hearing that Mrs Tyke had lost the money he handed her over the parse and its contents after receiving a description thereof. The money was found several yards from the place where Mrs Tyke had been, but how it got there is at pre- sent involved in mystery. Yesterday an action, which caused much amusement in Court, was brought by a lithographer in town .gainst Mr Marshall, the undertaker, for £1919s 6d for show cards, etc., hthrjgraph^ For ta« defendant;. Both aàek irâpexenresênted 4>y legal gentle- men. Mr1 Marshall it appears being desirous of pushing business took de- fendant to see thé front of his pre- mises on the Main Road, and made a bargain with bim-for a lithographed plait of the building, with the Cemetery and a few imposing headstones neatly grafted into the plan in perspective, and a hearse and mourning coach, and all the necessary requirements to make an imposing funeral cortege moving as it were to their destination. When the show cards were finished defendant expressed himself in glow- ing terms as to the very ar- tistic manner in which the work was executed, and forthwith ordered gilt frames to be made for the litho- graphic exhibition. These were duly sent to all the principal publichouses in town, and hung up in the bars ; but one day some sympathetic friend rushed into the defendant's shop, and in his own words said that the litho- grapher had "wrote him down an ass." An explanation followed, and after a minute inspection of the show card, it was then discovered that " Marshall" was metamorphosed into " Marsali," " hearses" into " harses," and " coffins plain and mounted" was abbreviated into " coffins plain mounted." For these and some other causes the defendant refused to pay the bill. The Bench suggested a compromise, but this was not acceded to, and ultimately the magistrates struck £5 5s off the bill, and made an order for the balance. 