LAYINQ THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. JOHN'S CATHOLIC COLLEGE. Early in the present month the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Soman Catholic College of fit. John tbe Evangelist (University of Sydney), was performed, according to the Latin ritual, by the Most Beverend Archbishop Folding assisted by a very large body of his olergy, in the presence of a great concourse of people. The assemblage (which at leapt nnmberpd from 1600 to 2000 persons) included all the more prominent end influential members of the Catholio community, together -with a considerable number, who, though professing a different faith, nevertheless were desirous of testifying bv their presence the warm interest tbey felt in the promotion of collegiate education iu this colony. Amongst those present we noticed, in addition to his Exoellency the Governor-General, the Vi:o Provost, the Hon F L S Merewether, MIC; Mr Pe'er Faucett, and other members of ths Senate'of tbe University; tbe Warden and Fellows of St Paul's College (including Mr Cape and Sir Alfred Stephen, CJ); the Very Revd the Rfctor of St John's, and Messrs Hart, MLA, J V Go-man, R O'Connor, and other lay and clerical gentlemen connected with the same collegiate establishment, all wearing their appropriate costumes, academical or otherwise. The assembly also numbered several members of the local Legislatuie, including Mr Joha Hay, Mr Hieronimus, and others. Heavy showers fell during the ceremony, and no doubt interfered with the attendance of the spectators, but did not damp the obvious interest manifested in the proceedings by all present. Some accommodation had bees provided for such an emergency by the erection of a shed, and oovered dais or platform—the latter placed for the Archbishop and his assistants, at tho eastern end of tbe ground—so that the inconvenience which would otherwise hive resulted from the pluvial visitation was, in some degree obviated. The site of St John's College is on the western side of the open land, formerly known as Grose Farm, and the structure, when completed, will occupy a most picturesque and elevated position. This grouud, as our readers are doubtless aware has been especially set apart for collegiate purposes, the Government granting eighteen acres to each denomination, availing itself of the advantages of tbe Affiliated Colleges' Act. The buildings are to be carried out in Pyrmont stone like those of the University | but the architect s will be of an earlier character than is adopted for that structure. They will comprise accommodation for eighty resident students, each having a separate room, rector «nd vice-rector's apartments, library, room for philosophical instruments, apartments for five professors, two recreation rooms, infirmary, a large hall, and spacious chapel, besides four lecture roomB, and other arrangements. The principal entrance will be by the tower, which will stand on the side facing the Parramatta Road This tower will be thirty-five feet square, and about two hundred feet high to the pinnacles. Tbe lower story of the tower will be vauited, stone graiaing. The plans were prepared at the commencement of the last year by W W Wardell, Fellow of the Royal Institute of Architects of London, and now chief architect of the Department of Public Works in Victoria A clerk of works is appointed to reside on the spot and exercise a constant supervision of the work. Shortly after eleven a.m , the procecdir.es commenced by the following procession, which moved ftom the BchoolhouBB at Camperdown in the following order:— Cross, Young Men's Society, Christian Doctrine Society, Holy Catholio Guild, Students from Lyndhurst College, Fellows of St. John's College, Acolyte: Processional Cross; Acolyte t CroBs, The Clergy according to seniority, The Clergy of the Cathedral, Kigbt Reverend Abbot Gregory, Arcblepiscop&l; Cross, Assistant Priest, Assistant Deacons. His Grace the Archbishop, Train Bearers, Boole and Csndle Bearers. Arrived at tbe gropnd, the clergy and officials took up their respective™positions as previously arranged. The Archbishop {who was robed in fall pontificals) was accompanied by the Bight Reverend Abbott H. G Gregory, and o ber attendant priests and dignities, all habited in the richly embroidered copes, &c;„ peculiar to the Roman Catholic Church. His Grace the Archbiphop (speaking from the covered platform) then addressed the assembly* The ceremony to be performed was of such a nature tfiat all who heard him speak must be more or less familiar with its end and object. Never th less, as amongst those kind friends of oihfcr denominations who had favoured them with thtir prosenc? on that occasion, there might be many who sincerely believed that the Supreme Author of all good, was pleased, io compilation to fallen man, to make use of material means in order to convey grace to the soul, he would offer a few observations on the Bubject. Snch channels by which grace was com- municated came under two distinct henda —sacrsmects and sacramental agencies Under the category of the latter was the ceremony, now to take place, tobeclasB d. Whilst, however, thefr friends might believe in tho existenoe of sicraments and sacramental agencies, they might perhaps, for one cause or another, be inclined to imagine that those which the Catholic Church had in daily »sa are inefficacious— many that they were unauthoriecd, and therefore superstitions. He should confine his observations to that spiritual benediction in which tbey sere tbtt day to engage—namely, to the particular ceremony in which, with prayer and the ministration of the Divine Word, they were to lay the foundation ftone of the Chapel and College of St. John the Evangelist. And if there were any there inclined to look with a certa'n degree of pity upon them aB Catholics for attaching importance to such a ceremony, be would desire all sich to bear in mind one fsat which, duly considered, might, with ths blesBing of Qod, cause them toamend their judgment. He would wish them to know or to remember that the very ritual which would direct them in the performance of tho duty now before tbem, was precisely the tama as fh,-j.t which had guided the lips and hands of the venerable s^int; who laid the foundations of the cathedrals and ministers, and colleges of their dear native land—those glorious fanes which all still remembered, and at which they had so often gazed silent admiration and wonder. And ''ho, indeed, was there amongst them that' could look back unmoved to thoBe youthful days when he had paced the aisles of those mighty edifices, contemplating the marvellous architectural beauties there everywhere displayed, and endeavouring to estimate the amount of the intellect that planned, and the artistic skill which raised, such exquisitely elaborate structures. Taking tbis into consideration, he felt that they ought to be filled with Bhame, so to speak, when they refleoted that they had been deemed by the Director of all things individually not unworthy to be called to walk in the footsteps of great and good men to whom he had referred, and here, in this Australian land, to accomplish thosthings which a St. Thomas, a St. Edwa-d and a St. Huch.hadsowo.-ihily performed of yore. In his own hands, as he there addressed them, was deposited a pastoral staff of which they wielded by the venora Me Edward of York, one thousand years ago, was tbe actual prototype. When they saw all this,—and witnessed the solemn procession passing along the site of the walls which were thus to be consecrated,—when they lis tened to the solemn chaunts which would there be sung a lone vista would rise before them, and then heart would insensibly melt under the influence of hallowed feelings set in motion by these mental links iu the great chain of the past- Thus through the goodness of Jesus, and tbe ministering of hiB church, a telegram might, as it were, be sent hack through ages, conveying to tbem all, as he hoped,—sweetly though silently—the thoughts and words of thoBe whom they all revered and loved as the founders of the Christian Church of Eng land and Ireland. 'Ihe force and good j effects of eaoh a connecting syna athetic chain were not to be estimated, and not to be surpassed; not eren by that line of communiaation (which some years hence they hoped to have) when, by the agency of an electric spark, tidings might arrive, with lightning speed, from tbe far oS land, to which they were all so strongly attched —conveying file glad and welcome intellig«n«e that those who were so lored "ere not dead, as presupposed ; but still, by the blessing of God a.ivo and well. Those holy men of olden time, whose examples were set before tbem, when engaged in functions correspondent to those tbey were now about to discharge, did always invoke a bles-ing upjn the material work wMch they took in hand—not only for themselves but for all in time to come, that all might be benefited by their labours. And who can tell whether the solemn and religions thoughts that have pervaded the minds of men from age to age, in those sacred structures—weaning them from the miserable affections of time, have not been God's answer to the prayers of those venerable vi men, ji—t—i-—j— thus freely and continuously giving that which thoy of all things most earnestly desired P . . . . He regretted tbat the uncertainty of the weather would not permit him to enter into a complete detail of the particulars of the ceremonial rite in which they were about to engage, and of which the merit or efficacy, was solely to be derived from its reference to th« sufferings and death of Christ. The object of the benediction wns to take something, as it vt ere, from that great curse which has fallen upon the human race. All thing* created for the service of the man —Whether animate and inauimate—were, in the begining, pronounced by the Creator to be very good. Rut man fell from his allegiance to his God. and sin entered into the world, *eath and misery by sin, and the Prince of Da'knetB then became tho : Prince of this world. All was therenpon changed, and whathad been made for the service and for the good of man became tainted and unfitted for its original use. Thus 6t Paul assures us tbat everything in creation groaneth and travaileth until now; j and he elsewhere tells us that every creatu'e is good when sanctified by the word of God and by prayer. To so sanctify that which God has made for man's use was precisely what they then proposed to do. Various parages in the Old Testament might he referred to, where the practice of thus invoking the blessing of God, is spoken of, and where we are in many places informed of tho manner in which God himself, by special revelation, showed how things were to be reclaimed IromtLeir present state of corruption by meins of solemn benediction. Suffice it now ts say thit that part of Holy Scripture distioctly informs us that the Priest of God, by God's command, spread his hands over the victim about to be sacriflced, and blessed it. The corn and wino was also sacerdotally blesBed by praye*, andthey wereallaware with what solemnity was that templo reared which the Lord had dignified with his presence. Sordid this system of benediction cease at the CIOBB of the Mosaic dispensation. Far from it. Our blessed Lord blessed the loavtsandthe fi.beB for the five thousand —bleBsed the children that were . brought to him—and lining up his eyes, blessed also the bread and wine which I were to be afterwards transformed into the bleBBed body and blood of our Lord. Iu I blessing the creatures of God, the Church i had always accompanied ber prayers by the use of the sign of the MOSS. Now, in I the sign of the cross, which was familiar to them all, these two ingredients were to 1 be found j all that God bad made known to us, and that He had proposed for our belief. When, therefore, they made the sign of the cross, they justified their be lief tbat He, tbe very God, from all c-ler„ nity, who vouchsafed to become man, died on the cross to save us from our sins. When they made .he sign of the cross, they declared their i-a' vation and the good they initflit hope to came to them through the merits of JeBus C'hiht, including all the graces they stood in net-d of. t-eeing that *he cro^e was the formu a of the Cbrifctian's fai'h, hopo. and charity 1 j—for who could make the sign of thecioes without being reminded of that love of God which caused him uotto spare his only Bon, ))tt gave bim to save a fallen world. Might he not ask, is th»re anything sfiperstitious in this ? anything not in per. feet accordance with man's fall and man's redempti >n ? Did not tbe history of the redemption preach of Christ crucified and of the abundant blecsings internal and external, fljwing from those wounds made for our salvation ? Haviag thus expressed the doctrine of the Church, and given some intimation of the meaning of those rites they were about to bs engaged in, he hoped no one wou d mistake tueir' mean, ing. Having thus breathed forth this prayer, that the Lord might vouchsafe to conduct them all to eternal life, let us now proceed to ths performance ef this solemn tite before us. His Grace, vested over his rochet with amice alb, girdle, stole whito cope, anl {ilain mitre, and holding the croBier in bis eft band, standing, then blessed the salt and the water, having first exorcised them so that from the place where they should be sprinkled " might fly away and depart' every fantasy and wickedness, and deceit of diabolical fraiid; and every unclean spirit." The Bait was then put int the water in the iTorm of a cross, his Graca saying at tbe time " Let there be made mingling of salt and water [equally. In the name of the Father, &c;, &c.;" The choir, which was composed cbicfly of the monks and ecclesiastical students of Lynd • hurst College, was led by the preoento'', the Rev H A Curtis, O.S.B. and the R«v N Quirk, second cantor (who wore highly embroidered copes to distinguish their office), then chanted an antiphon and Psalm the alternate verses being taken ?P y b t h 3 Archbishop, the Bight,Ber Abbott iregnry, 6 the Very Ber rwJ Sumner, the Very Rev Dean O'CoS and some others of the superior chJt' To their voices was added those of tfi, acolytes, standard bearers, clergymen in surplices, and the assistant priests. 3V Gregorian chants were used on this OOM! eion, and tbe effect of all these voices nw swelling, and BOW falling with the harmo. ny of these grand molodies. was oalcnlat.J to rxcite devotional feelings and to lift th« f The chant beaded the Archbishop, his mitre laid aside offered up a prayer, then descended from the platform followed by his clergymen and tram bearers, and having come to the foundation stone, which was lying on the ground,-he blessed it. (he prieits fespoad! wg alternately, He then invoked Heaven to bless the stone for the foundation of the College in honour of St. John, and sprinkled it With holy water. The stone was then raised to a convenient height, and the Archbishop, taking the silver trowel pre! eented to him by the Very Rev Dean O'Connell, on behalf of the Fe'lows of the College, marked the sides, and top, and bottom of the stone with the sign 0fth» crass, in the name of the Holy Trinitv The store was then blessLd, and the Archbishop having put on his mitre ascended the p'atform whilst the choristers ehanted ths Litany of )h3 Sainte. At tbe ccncusi n, the Archbishop again lad arid - his mitre. Bud, standing towards the found, twnjstone, again prayed. He then descended from the platform, and, taking his V . ' ,P ®»">ir chanted the 126th PsUm. h 6 B t a e His e ExceUnncy the Governor-General at this time left the soot where he had been from the com. uuncement, and also went down to the foundation stone, accompanied by his aidede-camp, bv Mr Gorman, Mr O'Connor.and other gentlemen. T h e v R s r ^ O'Connell, O S.B here read a translation of tbe document about to be placed iu the bottle, in which were enclosed the coins of the realm, and a copy of the document in parchment „„„ ! in in tha the n.Dtk 1 oavity M.J. he bottle made C was then deposited for it, over" which°w«i . - - | plao >dalarge ooppcr platthe, with thefollowing inscription: ' yjiW Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam. ^ ^ Sub invocatione S. Joannia Evangelists f Lapidem Primarium. Collegii Romani Catholic!. In Universitato Sidneiensi, Benedixit et Posuit. 111ms. ct Komus. Joannes Beds, O.S.B _ Arpus, Sidneien: BieSra Pesti ejusdem Apos : et Prang: Anno Keparatte Salutis MDCCCLX Pio Nono, Pont Max : n. i Britanniarum Regina. AH Tt. £ Aur; Col: Praf Ad Rev , D , V M . O'ConneU, O.8.B., Coll: Kectore. ... 5 A Cori»h Pet: Faucet e T Qre6°fJ' Joan: V Gorman R„Hiero„. „ . i' - " King Heydon y j j m e r o McEnoroe, n K e a t ^n! M.cdonnell Archidi- TW P„„„„ « ,. Ad Rev Y J Therry B A ° . Jtev J P Sheridan Hie: O'Connor M a k , D B n Edw Butler J o a t l Hubert Plunk- Qui: Curtis, B.A. ett, B.A., Sociis ° »vis, u l : D jr""' ^ ^a*dell architect, ®y c G Ellis, Becret: . . . r touched and placed the H I 8 U r a c e t h e n s t 0, J," V*I 'oundatioa, saying, in Latin n e English—" In the faith of Jesus V°"! ',. If' first stone in this c w e t , 1 , e I m" ,7'„ , » " of the Father, ° I n t h end e D of m the Holy Ghost, , ' i ® r flourish here, and the if" °f ' t t I t °' i l brotherly a love ,• and that , ?, O . o 4 flD y devoted to prayer, and ;? p l a c e m f l b e 6 l Q T O c a T «d praise of the name l i'"! t ™ l 0 n ' a " our Lord, who, Uie Father, 1 and b s t the Holy Ghost, V 'gneth, God, world without j 11 . re stone, being placed an.,, "V" y ' afterward sprinkled l t h l l m e w a f l U w h l l s t the 60:h Psalm « -V r, 1f. chanting was "J ™ ' an dis t1, grace W h e n again t h e ascended tbe P 11 60 > "» «er having offered prayer, I a t t o r m al a 6 P p ™ formed for the purpose r o e s s t!°° l o n foundations which had be. ? ? , Dd t h - c and sprinkling them e a r k e d o u t w , U l w a l. - cortege, which e r w ( a", Posing was led by the Raster S'. u T e r y lm . e ' the Reverend Father obeehy, 1 c e i who e a i o n was , s followed by the acolytes j 1^a/ , °B and cencers: to them sue- , acolytes lnc e B with covered torches, the o a" J> clergy in mrplie.es, fellow*, cleri- t . o r >'> - Jphn's College, the two c l l ® a n < 1 f la P"«sts S t to the Archbishop, the asBI Archbishop a n himself and hie train bearers, A ,, y l^ted nearly half an hour, "" c e r t HPP m o D e 'h^e times to offer up f™J a "' c o e * ™ l n choristers chanted the . e , a t a t t 1 „ Psalms The pr cession returned 1 from 1 2 l s t whence it started, and the Archbishop having laid bBide his mitre, chanted the first verse of the hymn com' then mencing, put on "Veni, his mitre, Creator and Spiritus." turned with He bis clergy towa-ds the east, and chanted alternate versts with the choristers. A final prayer was then offered up, and the peremony of benediction, and laying the foundation stone of the college terminated with the solemn benediction of the people by the Archbishop The Governor-General, attended by hii staff, by Sir Alfred Stephen, the Hon. F. L. S. Merewe'.her, and Mr Kennedy, the .Registrar of the University, then went upon the platform, and courteously saluted the Archbibljop. His G r a c e living acknowledged the salutation, then roBe and spoke as follows: " It becomes now my duty, dear friendi, to congratulate you upon the actual commencement of the building, to which we have so long looked forward, some with unalloyed hope, some with impatience. I do not doubt a good account of the delsy can be rendered by those to whom the management has been entraBted. However, this is not the moment for suA enquiry, but for congratulations, and wi may well trust ourselves to this uppermost feeling of thankfulness and joyful anticipation. We have begun a work which i« next the building of a temple for the more immediate service of God—tbe most worthy of all that can be done by human sktll and taste, aided by a generous expenditure. I do not know how many of{tl)MP around me have teeu the desigUs of the College of St John the Evangelist wilbia JP University of' Sydney, but some I know 6 have seen them, and they, I a® confident, will join with me in assuring you that the structure will be or- right noble one. Jt wijl not staple the munificent University whose lengthened and spreading shadows it will reciprecate— pukhra/Uie pulchrior mater—nor College of St. Paul. It is trne, in point of time( we are bat second in the field. Tbe building will be a fitting typo of the kind of education for which it is designed—capacious, solid, simple, costly, and lasting. Nor is this symbolio teaching needlew- Wehave have had already, thanks be to God, success to some tolerable extent fa primary edaoation^and in that middUatag* * • •„„ irtiicli arms for the labor of life e whose condition reth? Be earlv as possible to plunge ?t e it.Se^f toll anS gain But for g^eT^duoation we have hitherto not "iJ? consequence, we have numbers " f t e a sufficient eagerness indeed and who naj , edncation which promises Mediate "refit and influx; bat not Zl«idea and adequate appreciation yf.f u^ijeat education and its purpose. wJn tSn. buildings and our ^ff of profe^ors will be-as they must t such circumstances as ours-a l B Sinn greater it may be in capacity ETS!nrW necessities, as some will ^"tetK necessities, but the great- Tthc provision will speak el^u,ntly S and stir up a desire for those ! „.„«.« of intellect iai wealth ana accorn- •SSSt of which they bespeak the tf jffini the arduous*.*, University r<SL>and. fci flu. TOW. I say, th« .trie of the noble building ws propose J^ erect will suggest something of SL Character of that education we the character desiderate yet. It will be the arithmetically esti S S needs of this present hour, as the Ii,i™,rinn eivn within its waits will " mental faculties capable of wider aorlioation than would be needed for the serrice of any single pursuit or profession . It wU' be solid, as tlie education will bo deep, accurate, and thorough. It will be simple, at the education will be. because established on perfect training, in a few subjects so as to discipline the faculties of the mind. It will be cnstly-and so we do not disguise the fact the education will be costly—I clo not refer to money cost— but costlv in the devotion of the best talents and the manly energy ef . our most promising youth, and on the part of parents in the self-denying patient expectation of a fruit rich bnt ripening. It will be lasting, this College of ours; and so will its education; inasmuch as loolting beyond pre- sent applause, it will form capacity for which any of the multifarious occupations of future life will be at once exercise and development It will train men, as men,—that is, in regaid to the noblest faculty of intellect and imagination, and not merely is accidental membfrs of this or to that profession. Nor are we without subjects of great promise in this yonthful community of ours. On this anhject I will venture to quote to you th words of an eminent man, whose whole lifeline been spent in the study of it : — Our desideratum, liesajs, our desideratum is the force, the steadiness, the comprehensiveness and the flexibility of intellect, ilie command over our own powers, the instinctive just estimate of things as tt.ry pass hefore us, which 6nme'itne8 indeed is a tia'ural gift, but commonly is not gained without much effort and the exercise of years. This is rejl cultivation of mind. Certainly, a liberal education dues manifest itself in a courtesy, propriety, and polish of »,vd and action, which is beautiful in itself, and acceptable'0 others; but it docs much more. It brings the mind into form; for the mind is like the body. Boya outcrow their shape and their strength ; their limbs have to b" knit together ; and their constitution needs tone. Mistaking animil spirits for nerve, and over-ennftdent in their health, ignorant That they can bear, and how to manage themselves, they are immoderate and extravagant, and fall into sharp sicknesses. _ This if an emblem of their minds ; at- first ihey have rio principle laid down within them as a foundation for the intellect lo build upon ; they have no discriminating convictions, and no grasp of consequcnces. Tn con c q'ienee, they talk at random, if they talk much, and cannot help being flippant, or what ii emphatically called " young." They are merely dat(led by phenomena, ins-eid of perceiving things. Jt were well if none remained boys all their lives ; but what is more common than the Bight of grown men talking on political or moral, or religious subjects, in that off.hand idle way which we signify by the word "unreal" ? ''That they simply do not know what they are talking about'' is the spontaneous silent remark of any man of sense who hears them. Hence RUCII persons have no difficulty in contradicting themselves ineucccssive sentences, without being conscious of it. Hence others, whose defective intellectual training is more latent, have their .most unfortunate crotchctB, as they arc called, or hobbies, which deprive them of the influence which their estimable qualities would otherwise secure. Hence others can nevetlook straight before them—never see the point, and have no difficulties in the most difficult subjects. Others nre hopelessly obstinate and prejudiced, and return the next to their old opinions after they have been driven from them, without even an attempt to explain why Gihers are so intemperate and intractable that there is uo greater calamity tor a guod cause than that they should goi hold of it. These wort's of the rev. the Prebidcnt of the Catholic University of Dublin find, I doubt not, their constant application everywhere, and certainly ihey suggest pictures et vyhat we think we have Ji'en and heard of. They place in relief those most preoiong and crowning benefits of university training, which are very commonly only seen and vslutd in contrast with their opposite defects and vices, just as a nrrfecf symmetry is move quickly apprehended and valued by the occ wiouul sight of deformity. I -will not no v detain you longer than will be nt-cessary in lew ww ds TO sngg(st the debt qf gratitude, which, Without reference to others, we Catholics owe to the legislators of the < olony, and to the eminent personage who has thiday honoured us with his presence. The Governor General, who wns received With cheers, then rose and said, that al. though he did not belong tu their community, he sympathised heartily with everything that tended to promote the relicions in'strne turn of the people at large. (Cheers.) H. appeared that day tietore them in a dou'ol" Capacity, first as a Governor willing to show every encouragement and to give assistance 10 doing a good work ; and secondly, as a private Chrixtian, who had come to see the Umstian ceremony of laying the first stone ot a building devoted, he misht sjy, to education, and, iu tact, to religions purposes *le looked, he must confess, with the greatest possible interest on the ceremony, Because it combined with education, ihat wantage he looked on ssmest essential— religion. It told them they \vcre not goins xp occupy this building merely for learnins which they might apply to their temporal , benefit. . Had it been so, the cnatices were, they would not hiv- found there, or many others now present. But tl»U L rpl i f"°1 with education, and H!'" 1 ™ th»t the most important part to Wuoh they had to look was the future. That ™ 7lf ,, ;i l ««or Which they were going to S;"»• building, and it told those who ,helr 3 , legislators and principal them I,* S .°, U n ™ n w do everything not for of the^r fof| Cr s «d for the good "eatures (Applause.) For tnisobject he hailed „„ i, l ie^utiori ,'lf lWa Brevent.j'l."""Ranees, as they knew, had Where if diversity from being a place therefoS^Emraw , ere tau 8 bt religion, and weiore it was that they erected those " thtae jQung aen who re-S ceived a secular education at tiie ijilverslty might be instructed in religion, W«te it slot for this he woulu rather see t?ie.University destroyed than see a lot of boya there whose intellects were developed but whose moral qualities were left neglected. (Applause.) In this place the character of education would constantly and gradually improve itself, till it approached the standard of the old world, whioh they have been accustomed to look up to. Everything he bad intended to say had been better said by the Axohhishop, and as he saw a black cloud throating rain overhead, he would conclude with every good wish tor them all, and for the institution in particular, and wish them good day. His Excellency then departed amid loud cheers. The Archbishop with his train immediately afterwards left the platform, and on pissing through to his carriage, was loudly cheered. His Grace bowed a response to those indications of warm and generous feelings, and bestowed his bsnediction on the women who knelt beBide him as he passad on. The crowd then slowly dispersed, and thus ended the ceremony which throughout excited amongst the Catholic spectators the deepest reverenoe, and whioh was not without effect upon those who, though not of that communion, were not insensible to the influence of solemn ceremonies which bear the impress of centuries of time, and whioh are sanctified by prayer and praise. 