SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21,1860; MB. WEEKES, in his speech on the occasion of his return for West Maitland, has given a clear exposition of the policy which he and his col- leagues have taken office to carry out. The candour with which he has declared the inten- tions of the ROBERTSON Ministry contrasts favourably with the reserve maintained under similar circumstances by the members of the preceding Administration. He speaks as one having authority,-as one who is conscious of unfolding a definite system of ministerial action to be faithfully and vigorously pursued, and not as if he opened his mouth by sufferance, and was afraid of opening it too wide. There is none of that hesitation and "cry your mercy" air about the expression of his opinions on the leading questions of the day, that cha- racterised the public apologies of his official predecessors, over whose head the sword of DAMOCLES seems to have been consciously sus- pended from the first to the last moment of their ministerial existence. We have now evi- dently a stronger Government, both as regards its own composition and its relation to the ex j teraal elements of power. Of this the bold frankness adverted to, is a notable indication. A Ministry has no need for'subterfuge or concealment when its views are in harmony with the opinions and sym- pathies of a great majority of the people at large. That such is the relation in which the present Ministry stand to the community, the unop- posed return of Mr. WEEKES-the warm recep- tion which the enunciation of the ministerial intentions met with in the large constituency of West Maitland-- and, as we said before; the very fulness and boldness of the declaration it itself.-form a sufficient Droof. -Mr. WEEKES apologises for the public incon- veniences sustained bj the frequent change of ministerios, on the ground that such vicissi- tudes alone are a sign of healthy life in the body politic. He compares the political energy manifested in this wise, with the death-like torpor which prevailed under the old regime, and shews that those changes are incidents of responsible government in all countries,-and especially so, he might have added, at that par- ticular stage of political progress when parties have not arrived at full and distinct develop [ment. This indubitably is our present condi- tion. Tho opposite systems of Parliamentary Government are not clearly distinguishable as [yet, andaré not accepted by a sufficient num- ber to an adequate extent in their entirety, to secure a proper degree of perma- nency to . any administration. Those upon whom the requisite amount of political discipline has so far operated as to systematise their exertions are the men who compose the successive Ministries. The rest are but undergoing the process which will en- able them in the end to give practical effect to their opinions, - For whatever may be said of a Government by means ot parties, it ia. unde- niable that the whole body of English prece- dents are wholly inapplicable to any other, an 1 it is actually questionable, moreover, whether responsible Government is at all practicable on a different system. We incline to the opinion that;it is not. In our judgment, therefore, the final development of distinct pasties in. our political arena is a thing to be desired. The fundamental line of distinction betwteen tho two great classes of Conservatives and Reformers seems tb have been drawn by nature herself in the original conformation of the human mind. Upon this all other circumstances have only . a modifying influence., ' The origin of party, therefore, is traceable to*tba constitution of nature. -But there is no occasion that the dif- ferences thus engendered, should anywhere re- sult in enmity and malice. Still less in the land of liberty and "'peace can there be any necessity that political contrarities should lead to violence in speech or action, or to even the smallest breach of charity. The integrity of party distinction in our estimation is perfectly compatible with brotherly love and all the amenities of social life. , . Mr. WEEKES enumerates the/measures under consideration by the COWPER Ministry,-at the period of its resignation, some of which4h*d.' been introduced into the Assembly, and some worein a forward state of preparation. Among the latter was a Bill for the. construction of an Upper House. The difficulties which lie in the way of a satisfactory solution of this ques- tion, as" we have previously shewn, are1 very great. But in all those points in which the scheme shadowed forth by Mr. WEEKES differs from that of Mr. FORSTER, it seems to be de- serving of a preference. It is unmistakably more liberal and practical. Nevertheless, it is scarcely to be. expected that any wisdom short of that derivable from experience will succeed in the construction of an Upper House that shall effectually answer the purposes of its crea- tion. We should not,' therefore, be too exact- ing In this, particular. . ' In reference to an objection which had been urged against the position of Mr. CoWTER¿ as the nominee of the Gro wn, in the Upper House, Mr. WEEKES fully vindicates the wisdom of the arrangement objected to. Mr. COWPER, it must be allowed, is certainly the best man to : execute the delicate task - of . in- ducing the members of. the Legislative Council to become parties to their own political annihilation. The obstacles to be encountered in the attainment of this end seem, never to have been properly appreciated. If the Council should resolutely decline to put an end to itself -the diplomatic value of Mr. COWPER'S ' ser- vices in smoothing the way to a quiet surrender of its existence will become, if we mistake not, very apparent. There is certainly no man in the community more fit to manage so delicate an affair with discretion, tact, : and firmness. He may without reproach advise the House to gather its cloak about it and give up the ghost with dignity, whereas any of the older members nominated on a'different footing, would, in tak- ing such a course, have too far resembled BRUTUS the assassin. With regard to the peculiar position in which the Government stand as to the public expenditure, Mr. WEEKES gives a full explana- tion of the circumstances that have led to the present dilemma, and the steps by which the Ministry propose to extricate themselves. Mr. WEEKES almost promises that it Bhall nevei occur again, after an Act of Indemnity for the mtTbaucW*wwñuía^GeL,T\tn^^ Bill, with such modifications as further refiec tion and the additional light thrown upon the subject by discussion had shewn to be necea sary. With the foregoing Ministerial programme ' we have much reason-to be satisfied. It is gratifying also to find that the question ol Chinese immigration will be resolutely dealt with. The only point upon which we are any- wise dissatisfied relates to the manner in whicfc the abolition of the export duty upon gold is mentioned. That "when the state of thc public finances would warrant the step thej would introduce a Bill for the repeal of this duty," is a stereotyped officialism which, in thu mouth of a Minister, as Ministers go, may bi said to mean nothing. In reference to the re tention of this impost, however, its suspensioi in Victoria and Queensland should be taker in'o àcoouttt. Under these circumstances ii must operate greatly to our disadvantage in t commercial point of view. We are willing nevertheless, to give the present Ministry credit for the best intentions, and to believe that, however little to the purpose the above notification relative to the gold duty might be, on the part of politicians fully .indoctrinated with the policy pf mental reservation-on the Sresent occasion, and when made use of by Ir. WEEKES, it conveys a promise that may even mean more than it expresses. EVERY obscure municipality and private club furnishes illustrations for the moralist of the delusive influence of power. In the public affairs of colonies, even while their population is small, and their importance in the eyes of the world at a very low mark, it is "common proof " and matter for continual comment, that the assumption of office strangely alters the views of politicians. But the most impressive lessons on the danger of delusion which ever accompanies power, are those given by the language and conduct of the leaders of mighty nations. And just now the world sees exhi- bited to public gaze and universal contempla- tion, a singular confirmation of the moralists' humbling proposition as to the delusive ten- dency of power, in the language of President BUCHANAN. Exulting over the settlement of the question of slavery in the territories (that is, lands be- longing to the republic, and under a process of colonisation from the different States, but not yet in a position to claim independent existence as " States,") the President says:—"The right has been established of every citizen to take his property of any kind, including slaves, into the common territories belonging equally to all the States of the confederacy, and to have it pro- tected there under the federal constitution. Neither Congress, nor a territorial legislature, nor any human power has any authority to an- nul or impair this vested right." He adds the following marvellous expression of satisfaction. "It is a striking proof of the sense of justice which is inherent in our people that the property in slaves has never been disturbed, to my knowledge, in any of the territories. Even throughout the late treaty in Kansas there has not been any at- tempt, as I am credibly informed, to interfere in a single instance, with the right of the master." The President then is in happy ignorance of facts known to every one who reach the public journals of America. His exalted office confers on him the delightful power of forgetting deeds that leave a painful remembrance in every other mind. The whole world, with the exception of Mr. BUCHANAN, is familiar with the history of the feuds, fatal to many, which followed the first attempt to introduce slaves as property into Nebraska and Kansas. The brave but mis- guided champion of the slave who, in December last, suffered the extreme penalty of the law for his attempt to commence a revolution in favour of the oppressed, was nerved to his des- perate enterprise by the remembrance of the cruel death inflicted on one of his sons in Kansas for endeavouring to set aside, the unna- tural and iniquitous claim there set up to hold man as property. In those territories, though the full force of the United States Government has at length secured the undisturbed continu- ance of slavery, until the time comes for the transformation of the territories into States, property in slaves was bravely and even fiercely assailed to the knowledge of all who chose to concern themselves about the progress of events there, though it seems the vigilant benignant President had no knowledge of the fact. But besides ignorance of facts, this sentence of the President betrays a gross want of common reasoning power. He assumes that " property in slaves has never been dis- turbed in any of the territories,"—that is, in lands not yet sufficiently populated to be con- stituted States; and then, although the States contain a whole army of abolitionists and slave rescuers, posted here and there with lines of secret communication, ever and anon suc- cessfully employed in furthering refugees from the land of bondage to the free soil of a British colony ; he accepts it as a proof of the sense of justice inherent in the American people that there are not, as far as he knows, any such abolitionists and slave rescuers in the "terri- tories." Holding the rescue of a slave to be a great crime, and not denying that this crime is practised by thouands in the " States," yet be- cause among a mere handful of people in the " territories " this crime has not yet, to his knowledge, been committed, he praises the citizens of the whole Republic for their " inher- ent sense of justice." But more strange and deplorable by far than this forgetfulness of facts and blundering in logic is the heartlessness, the utter want of moral sensitiveness with which the head of a great Christian nation deliberately ascribes to "sense of justice," the alleged universal acqui- escence in the " property in slaves." "Sense of justice," proved by unanimous ap- proval of a legalised institution that condemns millions of immortal human beings to the lot of beasts of burden, and mere chattels ! If this be a faithful expression of, American " sense of justice," then was American "hu- manity" fairly represented the other day before the astonished and indignant natives of the Isle of Wight in the persons of the two mates charged with beating and stamping to death half-a-dozen coloured sailors. Ancient tyrants dared men to ask of them a better reason than their own will and pleasure for keeping their subjects in slavery. Modern despots, like NAPOLEON, offer to the world the plea of "necessity" to excuse their gagging, banishing, street-firing, and other cruelties. But the chosen ruler of the nation that boasts most exorbitantly of freedom, out- does all other tyrants in the shameless front sanctions. Oppression in any form is an in- tolerable outrage on the rights of man, an insult to his Maker. But oppression cloaked with a lie is made tenfold more galling and odious. And when the lie with which tyrants cloak oppression is the plea that " an inherent sense of justice" sustains it, the lowest depth of baseness and cruelty has been reached. If we believed that the American people accepted the praise thus accorded to " their sense of justice," we should say that from America—which once promised to bless the world by the most illustrious example of self- government, and in many virtues had taken the lead of all peoples—the glory is departed, the very soul is gone. But there are noble minds, not a few, in America to whom this praise will come as a brand of disgrace. And the approaching election of President may prove to BUCHANAN that the sense of justice in his people, to which he ascribed a villanous consent to manstealing, will no longer endure the iniquity of which he has been the shameless advocate. Though so fully misrepresented by this Pre- sident, the American people have an inherent sense of justice and humanity ; and in every part of the world they have won the esteem of their fellow men by the exercise of these quali- ties. Even on the subject of that long cher- ished "institution" about which the majority have enjoined on this sense of justice to be silent, they are now, year by year, shewing themselves more and more alive to their na- tional guilt, and eager to deliver themselves from that gigantic crime. Remembering the tendency of slavery to en- gender debasement of soul in those who are familiar with the degradation, of their fellow creatures, it is a wonder that amid the all-pervading pestilential influence of slave- holding in America, there remains a spark of true manly feeling. We claim pity for our cousins beyond the Pacific, on the ground that they had the unspeakable calamity to receive as a bequest from the mother-country the hydra- like institution which has grown faster than the people who cherished it, and now threatens to involve them in desolating conflict, or in the far more horrible fate of perpetual moral de- basement. We pity them; but our pity will turn to admiration when that great nation, in- dignantly repudiating the flatteries and evil counsels of BUCHANAN and his party, sets about the noble work of blotting out from her stand- ard the stain of slavery. 