POLICE COURT. FRIDAY. BEFORE W. Tarleton, P.M. and Thomas Giblin, Esqrs., J. P. John Alexander was charged with using obscene language in the public street, to wit, Liverpool- street on the 12th instant. He pleadel not guilty when P. C. Sergeant Smith and Constable Bodiner deposed to the in- decency of the expression for which defendant had been apprehended and he was fined 5s and 2s costs. Walter McFarlane apparently of unsound mind was charged as an idle and disorderly person in being found sleeping in a pig sty (with two pigs), in the Slaughterhouse Yards at half-past three this morning. Defendant pleaded guilty, and the Police Magistrate sentenced him to a month's imprison- ment with a view to his being placed under medical treatment, and if found to be of unsound mind, then to be sent to the Lunatic Asylum. LARCENY. Mary Archibald, charged with larcency under £5 in stealing a white shirt and other articles the property of Margaret Smith pleaded guilty and was sentence to six month's imprisonment with hard labour. In reply to the Bench D. C. Macguire stated that prisoner had never been before the Bench for larceny before, but notwithstanding, she spent the most of her time in the Factory for drunkenness and disturbing the peace. SPECIAL SERVICES. -At the special Services for the working classes, at the Mechanic's Institute, to- morrow afternoon a lecture will be delivered by the Rev. J. Shipphird on " The Object of Life." INCREASED MORTALITY. -Consequent, perhaps on the prevading epidemic Death is busy with his victims, and our obituary discloses his conquest over old and young. On Friday we had to chronicle the demise of more than one very old resident amongst us whose enfeebled strength and waning vigour in all probability were unable to withstand the attacks of the destroyer. Amongst these we may notice Mr. John Burnett, formerly Colonial Secretary under the government of Sir George Arthur, and afterwards Sheriff the colony in the 81st year of his age. Mr. J. B. Jones aged 88 years a very old resident at the Lower Marshes, and Mrs. Elizabeth Addison, in her 93rd year, the surviving parent of the Messrs. J. A. and Hugh Addison, formerly well-known builders in this city ; in our obituary, also, will be found the name of an old but humble colonist Mr. Thomas Mackerell, of Kangaroo Bottom, who had attained the age of seventy three years. Young children, too, have been fatally attacked, and many families are mourn- ing for the death of relatives or friends. Nor is this all, for reports incessantly reach us of the sufferings of several of our fellow citizens, some of whom we hear are not likely to recover, while our medical practitioners are harassed night and day by their unremitting attendance on the sick. Never before do we recolect Hobart Town to be so afflicted with sickness the aged and the ailing being pecu- liarly liable to attack and some as we have seen, having sunk under the malady. If this state of things goes on we shall have to regret the depar- ture of many from amongst us. A STRANGE STORY. -A sad event unfortunately not unique in the anuals of science has just occuried here. Some time ago, a lady of superior talent as governess in private familes, had confided to her care a little Russian boy, born deaf and dumb. The child was of gentle temper and en- dearing manners and the pool governess bent the whole of her intelligence to the possibility of in- structing him to keep pace with her other pupils Soon, at sight of his quick comprehension of the various methods she invented for his instruction she began to grow more ambitious still and to be devoured with the desire to endow him with the faculty which Nature herself had denied. For this purpose it appears that Mademoselle Claret spent whole nights in study, and lavished her slender means in experiments. At length the light broke in upon her. She remained perfectly convinced that in sulphuric ether must reside the talisman powerful enough to restore the deaf to a sense of heaing. She began by pouring into the ear few drops only at a time, gradually increasing the quantity until it reached ten drops. The cure was complete. The child heard and under- stood in a short time. The articulation was still imperfect for a little while longer, but that, it seems has since yelded to surgical treatment. The fame ot the cure spread far and near. The remedy was tried upon numberless individuals in all stages of deafness and in every case succeeded. A com- mission was named to pronounce upon the discovery made by Mademoiselle Claret. The decision was made wholly in its favour, the Montyon prize was awarded to the fortunate lady, and varius testi- monials of favour were conveyed to her, both from public bodies and private individuals. But the end of this sacrifice and devotion to the cause of humanity is sad to tell. Poor Mademoiselle Claret unable to resist the change from a position of dependence and privation to one of fame and com- parative opulence has sunk beneath the weight of the unexpected honours thus conferred upon her Her mind, worn out with study and anxiety, worn out with laboir and with watching has given way, and she has just been conveyed a hopeless maniac to a maison de sante at Montmartre.—Letter from Paris. REMARKABLE CASE. -The adage that " truth is stranger than fiction " has been illustrated by a re- markable circumstance, which has occuned within the last week, in the neighbourhood of Neettlebed, Oxfordshire, and ecxcited very great interest in that part of the country. It was on the afternoon of Thursday the 19th instant that Mr. Hensman, living at Huntercomb Farm, Nuffield was walking homewards when he came up with two respectable persons who remarked that they were going into the wood, near Ipsden, to see an old Roman well there. As this is a spot which his attracted the notice of many lovers of antiquarian researches, Mr. Hensman said he would accompany them. The well, which has been dry for years, was reached, and the party began examning the material of the top part. One of them stooped down to look into it, with the view of ascertaining whether he could see the bottom. By general repute the well is con- sidered to be of the depth of 100 feet, and a stone was thrown down, thinking it would give the party some idea as to the accuracy of the rumor on this point. As soon as it reached the bottom a noise was heard which one of them asserted was the cry of a child. The others ridiculed the notion of a living creature being there ; but further listening with carefulness, convinced them of then friend's statement. Mr. Hensman then went to Parrott's farm, a short dis- tance off, and stated that he wanted a person to go down the well, as there was evidently a child there, and alive. A boy was asked if he would go down, and he (Mr. Hensman) said he would gve him a half- sovereign ; others also anxious that the well should be searched, offered smaller amounts, and in a little time a liberal sum was realised to give as a reward to the boy. The sanction of the mother of the boy having been obtained, he was secured by strong ropes, but, before descending, the precaution was adopted of lowering a candle to ascertain if there was any foul air in the well. The candle con- tinued to burn and the state of the well in that respect being satisfactory the boy was let down. When he reached the bottom he called out to those at the top that there was a child there, and alive. He was asked if he could manage to hold it and he called out " Yes." Having secured the child in his arms, the party at the top began pulling him up gragdually, and in a few minutes he arrived at the opening of the well with a fine female infant of about 14 months old. It was alive but in state of exhaustion from having been without food for two or three days. There was a considerable crowd collected by the time of the child being brought up out of the well, and on some of the cottagers looking at it they recognised it as belonging to a young woman who was seen going in the di- rection of the wood two days previously and had since been missing from the neighbourhood. Mr. Hensman took the child to parrott's farm,where the mistress of the house took charge of it and gave it milk and other nourish- ment. It was very ravenous for food, but it was given with caution. On being examined no injury appealed on the body, but there was a little bruise and scratch on the upper part of the left cheek. This remarkable case has excited great sesation in the locality, and much curiosity to see the child which has had such narrow escape from death. As it was but little injured, it is sup- posed that the inhuman mother contrived, by means of a long rope to lower it to the bottom of the well and then left it to die of starvation. The police have been activei in their inquiries to trace the mother, and it is expected that she will soon be in custody. On careful inquiry it was ascertained beyond all doubt that the child had been in the well part of two days and one night. Under careful treatment the child is doing well, and will no doubt ever be regarded with interest, and as the wouder of Ipsden Wood. When the story was first related at Wallingford on Friday last scarcely any one would believe it, but Mr. Hensman, being in the town, he was sought out by several respectable people and he assured them of its truthfulness, and that he was the person who took the child from the boy at the top of the well. THE RING FINGER. -In the ancient ritual of mar- riage the ring was placed by the husband at the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words, " In the name of the Father," he then removed it to the forefinger, adding, " and of the Son," then to the middle finger, adding, " and of the Holy Ghost, finally he left it as now, on the forth finger with the closing word, " Amen."—Notes and Queries. LANDING OF GARIBALDI AT MARSALA. -We have been favoured by Messrs. O'Byrne, of Adelphi-ter- race, the navy agents, with the following particu- lar of the Landing of Garibaldi at Marsala, ex- tracted from a private letter :- " While on shore to-day, about 2.30 or 3 in the afternoon, we entered a cafe. In a few minutes several fellows entered some in red, others in plain clothes, all armed with muskets and bayonets. Every one around seemed favourable to them. We at once asked what was the matter, and were told that it was a case of Viva Italia, and Garibaldi had landed. We immediately took a walk round the town, and found the soldiers (patriots) had possession. We wanted to go to- wards the country, but the officer in command, a fine looking fellow, told us we could not pass with- out an order from General Garibaldi. We there- fore returned to the mole for the purpose of getting on board, and met more soldiers coming in. At the mole-gate we were again stopped, and there detained until a pass from the General was procured for us. On the mole we met fresh troops, who had disem- barked with arms, ammunition, %c. We were in- formed that some 2000 had been thrown into the town, and that more would soon follow, the only thing they wished for being that they might meet the Neapolitans. They all appealed fine athletic fellows—just the sort to make short work of a dish of maccaroni. They landed from two steamers close under the noses of the Neapo- litans who, with two steamers and a sailing frigate, had been constantly watching the coast. The smallest of these vessels could easily have pre- vented the landing, but she was too cautious to at- tempt it. After the soldiers, however, were safe on shore, the Neapolitans closed in and filed on the town, or rather at a few stragglers on the mole—a mere waste of powder, for many of the shots fell short, and those that did reach terra firma merely ploughed the earth that the enemy had passed over. There is no doubt whatever but that one at least of Gaiibaldi's vessels, particularly the rear- most, could have been cut oft, but, no, they were afraid to try it on. After these had been aban- doned by the Italians they were taken possession of at 6.30 p.m. by the Neapolitans, who, however, displayed much hesitation, evidently deeming " dis- cretion the better part of valour. ' At this mo- ment, as we are in the act of leaving for Malta, a stramer and frigate are opening on the town, but the fire receives no return. Whether they have artillery or not, we are unable to state. We can only remark that we saw none. The people in the town received Garibaldi and his followers with open arms, appearing as if they had been long ex pecting them. At the time of the General's ar- rival there were no Neapolitan troops in the town. Owing to the shallowness of the water their large ships could not approach. "—Globe. 