: WESLEYAX ANNIVERSARY. The first anniversary of the establishment of the Wcslcyau Chapel, l'akiugton- street, was commemorated on Monday evening.. The building w;is crowded with members of the congregation, and others. After tea, the ltev. Mr Dare called upon Mr Quiuau to take the chair, which having been done, the llev. Mr Tueklield com menced the proceedings with prayer. The chairman, in opening the business of the meeting, referred in very complimentary terms to Mr Lowe, who had presided so frequently over reunions of a similar kind. He trusted, however, that he himself yielded to no man in zeal for God's work. He re joiced to sec so large a concourse of friends gathered together upon so important an occasion. The occasion was of importance, although it had reference merely to a matter of stone and mortar, but such matters were owned and acknowledged of God, and they formed a part of the divine economy. (Applause.) The Treasurer then read a statement of receipts and expenditure, from which it appeared that a debt of LbOO was still upon the building. The accounts had been audited by Messrs. Tempest, Huut, aud Tomlinsoii. At tbis stage of the proceedings the choir of congregation sang an appropriate piece of music. The chairman then called upon the liev. Mr Tucklield to propose the first resolution. The llev Mr Tucklield, alter making some pleasant remarks, said he was at a loss to understand upon what principle ho had been appointed to the front of the battle. Perhaps it was because he hailed from Cornwall, the congregations in which county have the re putation of working their ministers to death, without being particularly sorry for it cither, if an opinion might be formed from the wording of one of their favorite hymns beginning with— " ltejoice for a brother's decease !" (Applause aud laughter.) Perhaps that was the reason. At all events, he was not dis couraged at the work he Lad to do.- On the one hand there was the enemy—the debt of LiiOO, aud on the other there was that nume rous aud smiling congregation. Their very countenances inspired him with courage. Tlij chapel in winch they were assembled was worthy of the people and of the. cause, aiid showed a vast improvement upon the former building. (A Voice—" Who planned the former building laughter.) Never mind it who planned it (laughter.) That was past and gone, and the fact then before them was that they had a better building. When he looked around those walls, lie felt like the Psalmist in the lffiird Psalm, when he calls upon his soul and all that is within him to bless aud praise God's holy mime. The resolution which he had to pfopose was as follows.:—"That this meeting returns its grateful acknowledgments to Almighty God for his goodness vouchsafed in connection with the services of this sanctuary during the past year; and earnestly prays for a more copious outpouring of the'spirit from on high during tlio year ensuing." _ Thoy were to thank God, not only for brick cud mortar, but for the spiritual blessings whioh many souls had received during the past year within those walls, fie called upon theiu to think upon what they had seen, what they had heard, aud what thev had felt during the sendees in that chapel for the past year. His conviction was that, if they contemplated upon that subject; a'prayerfiu feeling of joy, gladness, and thanksgiving ivould spring up, and reach the Author of Mercies, even \Vliile they were gathered togeihor ivitlup those walls.. The Holy Ghost was not straitened as regards place—the Iloly Ghost was not straitened as regards time—nor was it straitened as regards instrumentality. It was as willing to pour down its spirit in Newtown as in America. (Here the Rev. speaker referred at some length to the reli gious revivals iti that country.) Again allud ing to the fact of his being dGoriiishnisn, ho referred to the peculiarities imputed to | the Cornish character, in so far as collections were concerned. It was a coiii mon -saying that more than half-a- crown cojjfld ueyer he got out of a Comishman- at one collection, no matter how excited he might' lie" (Laughter.) ' But thcro were inanyindividuals'in that room who would raise the Cornish'stahdard'ofgiviiig'by their example that evening,' an example which' would do credit to themselves aiid to their country. They would shoty that they could give as much—putting down pound for pound—as people from any other copnty in England, (A voice op the platform—The rev gentleman is speaking fur Idmself | he is going to come out strong to- night,—Laughter and applause) As lie said bet'oro there was a battle to be fought that night between the Lb'OO and that congregation. (Cheers.) The Ilev. Mr Iliggiiis, in seconding the resolution, remarked that it consisted of two distinct parts: thankfulness for the past and prayer for the future) Anniversaries wore pleasing occasions, all the more pleasing for the commingling of that which is soTcinu with that which is joyous, which made them like Sabbath day , days of gladness and not of gloom. There was everything to en courage them in the statement recently read by the treasurer, and jt did. indeed behove that congregation to offer up iLs acknowledg ments to Almighty God for blessings'received during the past year. The brat way to get more money was to approve of money already gotten, the rev speaker concluding by making an earnest appeal for an outpouring of the Holy Spirit,' and he specially invoiced the Divine blessing upon the respected Chair man, wishing him every Christian joy until the time appointed for him To wing his joyous (light To regions all unknown before, Ami dwell ill God's unclouded light, And love and praise him evermore. Mr Alliiston, in supporting the resolution, remarked that it was' an object of mourning to the angels—if nimels over did niouin—that sanctuaries should lie built for divine wor ship, and that 110 souls were saved through their medium. He rejoiced to say that such was not the case with regard to that build ing and that congregation during the past year, Thence the rev. gentleman enlarged upon his hubjcct in an earliest; spirit, and spoke of the efficacy of prayer as a divine agency. Me .illustrated bis remarks by de tailing a narrative of a pious blacksmith, who, oji a.certain Friday (his village being long dead to alt sense of religion) called upon the minister and implored him to invite the people to a meeting. The minister was doubtful at first, but he yielded to the soli citousncss of the blacksmith, and the meet ing was called. There was 110 outpouring for some time, until one exclaimed," If any sinner here can pray, let him pray for me and another, and another, made the same exclamation, and an extensive revival [ throughout the village was the consequence. There was, at that very time, a promise of an awakening in Newtown. It was seen last Sabbath evening; it was, perhaps, as' yet but a little cloud, not bigger than a man's hand, but it would wax larger until it ex tended over the wliolo spiritual horizon, and when penetrated by prayer, it would dissolve upon them, and descend in a copious Hood of blessing, and God would be glorified. (Ap plause) The resolution was then;put and carried. The choir then sang another appropriate piece of music. The Rev Mr Bytheway proposed the fol lowing resolution That this'meeting, persuaded that the house of prayer should be free from financial encumbrance, pledges it self to do all in its power to liquidate the debt 011 this sanctuary." In advocating that motion the rev. gentleman commenced an cloquciit and impassioned address by refer ring to the glories of the Mount Zion temple, as emblematical of tlie purer constitution of tbc Christian Church. The glory of the lat ter house excelled the glory of the former. They had not the typical pomp of the old Jewish service, - but they had the brighter glory from above shining on the sacred page. The speaker then delivered a fervid appeal, in which he called upon the congregation to excel even themselves in giving (applause.) Mr Lowe, alluding to the exertions of tlic previous sjicakcr,- said that lie did not share in the Cornish wish of killing ministers by over-working them, nor did lie, for one, like to see them kill themselves, and he thought, the Almighty was not pleased either. He (the speaker) was of opinion that it was bet ter for ministers to throw their ardour into their faith instead ofinto the voice, and he hoped the congregation would not get into the habit of requiring three sermons a day. lie believed that any minister, even the most fervent, could throw all his energies, ghostly and bodily—with the aid of God's Holy Spirit,—into two sermons a day. it gave him (Mr Lowe) much gratification to sec the ministers 011 that platform 011 such a de lightful occasion, and he concluded by wel coming the Rev Mr Tucklicld back again, whom he pleasantly rallied upon his Cornish connexions, and upon the hint which had fallen from him earlier in the evening that be intended to astonish even himself by hisowu munificence (applause and laughter.) The Rev. Mr Dare, in supporting the rcso lution,|ivas sure he uecd not apologise for confining himself to a very few remarks at that late hour of the night. He regretted the absence of the Rev. Campbell, the Rev. Mr Henderson (of the Baptist persuasion), and the Rev. Mr Henderson (of the Presby terian Church), each of whom would have, attended, but for prior engagements. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to comment jocularly upon the excellence of the tea1 festival, which lie was happy to bear his testimony, was far superior to a similar en tertainment 011 a previous occasion, when it was found that an infusion of a large quan tity of onion seeds and a pair of saddle flaps had by some inexplicable means got mixed up with the pure congou, and exceed ingly peculiar was the flavor of the beverage. With reference to the Cornish allusions during the evening, he was not aware that a Cornishman had to redeem his reputation for liberality; but lie hoped that all the congregation would act upon the Cornish motto, " One and all," and outdo themselves. The reverend gentle man concluded a brief but humorous address by reminding his audience of one of Rowland Hill's charges to his flock, when a collection was about to be made—"Those who give gold may go out by the door to the right, j those who give silver by the door to the left, those who give copper had better come round into the vestry, and those who give nothing will have the goodness to step this way until they come under my pulpit, as I shall have a few remarks to make to them." These directions of the eccentric preacher, it was needless to add, resulted in a highly satisfactory collection. (Cheers.) A collection was then made, and proceed ings terminated with a hymn and a blessing. 