MISSIONARY MEE TIN GK On Sion day night a meeting waa held in St. Paul's Churdi, in aid of the Morarían and Church of England missions to the Aborigines. Tho attendance was pretty nu- merous. The chair was occupied by the Bar. &. I. Cummins. After the einging of a hymn, und the offering up of prayer by the B :v. Mr Citase, of Melbourne, Tho Chairman said he should oommenc¿ by apologising, as hs waa under a wrong im- pression as to the object of the meeting, which was one for the Aborigines generally ; but as it was called in connection with t ho Moravian Mission, the meeting, ho thought, would hare no objection to divide the collec- tion b-'tween the Church of England Mission and that of the Moravians. (Hear, bear.) The Ker. Mr Patter rose to move the first resolution, aud in doing so thought (hit ttie Rev Mr Chase might with more propriety ba called on to more it-" That it was their duty as British Christiana to care for the spiritual welfare of the Aborigines of Victoria, and to support to the utmost of their power every Christi<n effort for their evangelist (ion." Some persona might say what have we to do with the Aborigines? What was their origin, and where were they cradled ? What was it to them that they were in a state of declension, or if they became extinct altogether ? There was a show of speciality in this argument ; for every man ehould first commence a missionary effort in his owu hearr, and next turn his attention to the members of his own family ; and after that there were plenty of professing Christians white men who needed missionary efforts to arouse them from their state. Some of them were sunk nearly as low as thc Aborigines, end it would appear that this country needed especially missionary labors ; bot be was sorry to say that there was no fear of them running into a state of enthusiasm in their missionary efforts. The Chinese did not stand in need of as much effort to evangelise them as the aborigines did. The latter had sunk into the lowest depths of degradation. Their doom was sealed, and like other nations they would pass away, but as Chris ' tians they were bound to make an effort in their behalf. He concluded by moving tl* résolution. The Rev. Mr Easton had read of Carte»») passing through the picture gallery of Vatican and stamping with his foot on tbs ground and eaying, he "thanked God thu he was a painter." He could thank Gol that he was a missionary, and in that BOR. tion lie stood amongst them that night ¿ had labored for years among a deaitu people, and he spoke of what he Usd SEQ and what he had known, and not teem book or hearsay. He therefore hoped that UK would give him credit for what he said at he wonld show them that tj gospel {alone could derate man ia t social scale among the nations of the ear li e had labored is a country that vu cal the white man's grave, and he hoped, tot fore they would not tike him as a sp&tn; a ghost. (liaughter.) Three hundred y ago a British ship took someof the ñutir Africa to Hayti, and this event gave j pain to Queen Elizabeth; but her conj overruled her, and she granted letters p 1 to establish the slave trade, and it wai 1 fifty years since England had wiped I hands of the greatest curse under th J (Applause) Let them think of the st I ii,e natives of the part of the world alio I for the last 300 years. Some persoi I tiiat they were but one remove bt j Chimpanzee, He had been a minio 1 40 nations of Africa, and year after i had seen slaves landed onthe coast of sL¿ Leone, and he had a foll opiwrtoabrf knowing what heathenism and sarai»! were. After enlarging on thu ¿5, for some time, the speaker proceX roscow to what a high stat' of WUÍMÜO, thesa degiadei p opie could he broo«¿ St the Messing and refining inflneneeatChnttia» ïty- Hiring poi 1 a warm tribule ,0 / G :urch Misai inary Society in Ame»,hi«t0. celled to show the unity inn auted amL the various protestant mUsionari a in 5 part of th« world. The »peaker neiteM«e rated several honorable sud other ganuema who were either slav s ia their early da« ot foe sous i-f slaves, and win nov octaiibi high positions in the govemineni of fa coumrias of Africt. If ttte §^ could elevate thesa men thus, thin it nat the duty of Christiana to miäa gospel to every part of the globe, Th; vfo. mau had au no;ii>alhy to tbs l.lack" nu bul the c -1 ir of the black mau'c «kin ni G <d" fault and not his; why then sb-jald1 ita exist ia the Christian's breast any aatinatby t his I«*« fortunate brother? Relating * matter« nearer home, Australia utt»hoa{C 1 the Aborigine. It ai l not belsar, to tl j while men by conquest or by right. Th-jhi annexed it, and wey «ere tumid lo elna the position of these men. The speak-mt referred ta the unfortunate Ki^tr expédia detailed his cxperieno- a anim; the mi« Aus'ralia, with wi oin he also hil labored a nñísionary, and conciadei bj ap tlogis lor the time lie had owupied ihdr fltiemn and alconie i the renilu'ion. which wu and < arrie i. Tile Kev. Pastor Nique'., of the OHO Church, n it address-d the meeting,«adi th« he hid been a missionary shout 1, miles from Ballarat, among iheAtamjiaes. said the children of tho natives hal «j facility lor l< arning rui-sic. Tnej hi i ag respect lor old a/»e; and when aa ol! ra said Peace, fit duwn," all was ail-.nl em them. The sp akar next detailed ec1 amu-iitig anecdotes ia conn-dion wi» Aborigines, uni concluded by slating du felt a great interest in lb« sjiirivoal «elf« the natives, and warmly iiilogis-d the aionary cíTirts of the Chnrch ol England, rho Ker. S. L. Cliasc ruse to propos neu resolution as follows:- "Thit**i to express our Ive srtfolt gradule io Gi thc measure ol blessing which Ei has tl granted to the preaching uf tue C amongst the Abuiigtaes, sa) to gard tho s&m.-; ss ai t of enlarged missionary «ucees time to come." The rev.'gentlemin aid that he was a plain clergyman of the Coard of_ England, on his way to the Moama Missionary Station at the Wimmera, rt« they were about to open a place of worship for the aborigines. He was glad to hare an opportunity of meeting them all, and as isa hastened on he would detail to them tbs missionary labors among the catires. Some short time ago a missionary took a fe* pic- tures relative to the flood, ic, whicb hea plained to the natives, and this camed io awakening among them. In a few days one young man called at the missionary's door, and ultimately told him that he had bsa thinking of Iiis sins all night, Theiiiissoatry took this young man under his charge, and now he wai a converted Christian, sad ni abie to read certain passages of the Bible lo some of the natives whom he collected in die busli. The natives might be seen gathered round this young manto tue number of« or 50, and he reading and' praying with them. They hada camp at the Wimmera,«ad os one occasion there was a fight thai between the young men and the old men, the former refusing to obey the orders of the latter. Such a cotnnwfta the settler 6tated was never know. Tte cause of it was an attempt made by the old men to compel *he young men to join cor- roboree, but the latter refused to hare «nj thing to do with this brutal barbarism, m referred the dispútelo the native misiionirf, who decided in favor of the young men. Tte old men at last said that none need go ont ; those who wished. The revered then pointed out the beneficial el mg the conversion of tbeyourjgi to, whom he called Pepper, and > until he had learned to read the tbs hymns, Sec., and was nov teaching the aborigines in we rn tl ie English language. Tue aboi now built a church, which wonld J on Sunday next. They bad also j bell, which was heard to reverten i the bush. The blessing of Ged j reston the labors of this yoong nu j often been said that "one half of did not know how the otber half li this was tlie case with the aborigi i Government very wisely had e j Boards in various parts of thc < take charge of the moaey roted for port of the natives, and this was found to work very The Moravian. Mission cost thi Society something like £600 per ano as the society was not in a position to it, it devolved on the Christiansof tb to do so. If they did their dntr, /« the time was not far distant wheo i ritjines would be brought to the to" of the Saviour. Mr Halls took a temperance rie"' question, aud seconded the resotaiwk The Kev. Mr Henderson did not whether he was to second theres* not, as he was set down for it. With j to the remarks of Mr Halls, spiritnoas 1 no doubt should be kept from theiaftj the Church of Christ had its dory W « if the teetotal society thought it negied daly in this respect, the best thing it«" would be to send a teetotal missionsrj ) natives. The aborigines irere a «3 graded people, and be was glad t0 ^ the progress Christianity was mabagw them. Christianity, as a coaseqneW its civilizing influences, tended ip 4(0 degree tc subjugate bárbaro ti« nation* ? person who read history knew this. U<T in Van Diemen's Laad and in North Aa» The Bible was translated into « l"*"^ Amtrica, and the people rh» spo*e ^ guage were now exiioct. When » « nation came in, as il were, on thew?« barous one, nothing could pretty! Ute. from extinction but the gnp" 01 ^ There were other sins «nd vices *» with the blacks as well a« draokeon* ^ could be attributed tu the rhtU """'jj true Christianity alone could '^""L^ Tbere was a gre.« deal of " "M^*^ ianity," no d'ialit, »«nong the Maos, ^ was to be attributed to the hltaw. H,tcrf« of early life. This was so in *¡ the early Christian cbureb, ^"fïzLti occarred now, they should not be ow ^ ^ but take courage «od goon ,,6°?£Uwi( ca us 6 of Christ. They h.d ^W^^ rf grateful for, aud amoojf "^"^¡^^ brought back the nauwtof *.* UDI'' ^^~~7. rilMe Those Aborigines ! rt*'**hfhlanodonb!butGod «rould Si g¡« them fttn-ber S^^sndCbrist'"^8.*^ civilize ^rf,W^,níe»II"J^ «o. The speaker sing- I « tkw rn.de. and .f>r si, iSS** ?"etti"gS°P-11"" 