THE WATER WE USE AND DRINK. (From the Marl; Lane Express.) Dr Franklin used to observe that the only animals created to drink water were those which from their conformation are able to lap it on the surface of the earth. Although we do not rank under the banners of George Cruik shank and his total-abstinence friends, we aro free to admit that there are seasons and locali ties when a cool draught of spring water is a very refreshing beverage ; and no doubt the axiom of Professor Johnson may be admitted in its full extent, that the water we drink is next in importance to the air we breathe. It forms three-fourths of the weight of living animals, is the most abundant substance we meet with on the face of the earth, and covers to an unknown depth at least three- fourths of its entire surface. What with the drinking fountains opened here and there in the metropolis and provincial towns by philanthropic individuals and corporate bodies, and the discussions now going on in the public journals as to the purity of water, the subject is making as much noise as the Great Eastern. Although it can scarely be affirmed in the words of the ancient mariner, that there is ' Water here and water there, and not a drop to drink,' the subject is prominent, and not un deserving of a passing notice. For instance, the metropolitan lonngers and sight-seers, and the thousand visitors lo the South Kensington Museum, are edified and en lightened by the sight of a dozen or more huge glass jars arranged by Dr. Lankester, containing specimens of Thames water, taken at various points from Southend to Thames Ditton, to show the influence of the sewerage of London in ren dering tbe water unfit for drinking purposes ; and even the specimens of water from the com paratively pure surface wells of the paiish of St. James, Westminister, show large quantities of organic matter. A man, we are told, must con sume a certain amount of dirt in his lifetime ; and whether it be contained in his food or his drink, we suppose matters little. But we cer tainly prefer to have it disguised. Surface well waters are most abundant in organic matter, which is derived from soaking through the soil, which is permeated with house drainage, &c.; This organic matter arises to some extent from the decomposition of animal and vegetable substances, either growing in the water or cast into it ; and when it putrifies may render the water in which it is present very injurious and even fatal in its effects. But yet, aiter an, may we not uouot tne correct ness of the popular idea that the mainten tenanee of health depends very much on the quality of tho water. For example, we see all sorts of anima's— herbivorous, granivorous, and carnivorous -often supplied only from a green pool or horsepond. In fact, such a place is usually preferred for the use of all domestic nninials ; and wild animals generally prefer staguaut pools. Man, too, though compelled to di ink water of the most different qualities, yet does so without detriment to health. Some are compelled to drink what is called ' hard water,' and others ' soft water and each comes to iike that which he is accustomed to and objects only to a change. The inhabitants of Suez pre fer their own brackish, bitter water to the fresh water of the steamers, and yet it does not injure their health. The water taken 011 board ship, for the first fortnight or three weeks emits a putrified smell from the death of insects and plants in it ; and yet it does not produce sick ness. The water in the neighborhood of mineral or chalybeate springs is more or less tainted with the salts or gases which give those springs this peculiar taste ; and yet the resi dents drink and enjoy it. And even the mud - hole of Australia furnishes the only, and not an unwholesome drink for aborigines aad travellers in that country. Nay, more, we im pregnate with the most deleterious gases water and other fluids intended for beverages and me dicinal purposes. Thus soda water, lemonade, gingerbeer, champagne, and ale, are considered good, just in proportion to the lnrge quantity of carbonic-acid gas they contain. Many mineral waters, and their artificial imitations, contain sulphuretted hydrogen gas, which gives them a smell of rotten eggs, and is the cause — when mingled with the atmosphere, and breathed — of the worst forms of fever on the coast of Africa and elsewhere. In like manner lime and iron, (which all ordinary water contain) are adminis tered medicinally in water. The explanation of these facts is easy. What would be deleterious if breathed— that is, carried with air into the lungs — is useful when taken into the stomach, because the lungs are the organs for getting rid of such things after they have served their purpose in the body ; whilst the stomach is the organ to receive them for the nourishment of the body. It may, then, be affirmed that pure water would be unwholesome — that is, water without the salts and gases which it gene rally contains ; and for this reason — that the animal body requires for its proper nourishment lime, iron, sulphur, phosphorus, &c.; ; and in no form caii these be presented to it so suitably, and in such infinitesimal dilution, as that in which they exist in water. Water may, how ever, become impregnated with these things to a degree in which it would, if drunk, be injurious to health, just as the atmosphere, which is generally in the nttest state for tha support of life, may, from accidental or even natural causes, become overloaded with noxious gases. But as Providence has furnished the means of purifying the atmosphere by currents, rain and heat, so also has Providence taken care f that there shall be moans for purifying the other essential — water. The earth is the great purifier, deodorizer, and disinfectant. As rain falls, it carries with it ammonia and other gases contained in the atmosphere. When it reaches the ground, it also mingles with the animal and vegetable matter it finds there, and holds much of it in suspension or solution. The water sinks through the surface, and, as it descends, is raDidlv Durified from most of this foreign matter by the earth, which thus acts as a filter. So rapidly does this purification or Alteration take place, that little or no impurity passes further than a foot or so downwards. All rain water does not, however, sink into the. earth ; a considerable quantity of it runs along the surface, carrying impurities of all sorts with it into streams, pools, and such receptacles. Here, (then, it has to be purified for the use of the fish that inhabit tho water, and of the lands animals that drink it. This is done partly by the insects and other creatures that teem in all water, and immediately convert the dead animal matter it {contains into their own living tissues, and partly by the vegetable life that uni. versilly pamdsa it. It is a papular trro'r to | speak of water, undergoing this two-fold pro cess of purification, as beia# in a state of putrefaction; or to suppose that green stag nant water is unhealthy. The fact is that pu trefaction is thus arrested, and the green color is imparted by the luxuriant vegetation of the most beautiful and minute plants. These plants, too, are not poisonous, and therefore are drunk iu with the water by herbivorous, graminivorous, and carnivorous animals, without detriment, as already|noticed. The process is this : — A pool, for example, is filled with muddy rain water ; the heavier impurities, sand, (fcc., subside, and iu a few days the whole assumes a greenish hue, bv tho germination of seeds of minute watpr plants, which have the power of retaining their vitality (like the sporules of fungi on laud) through heat or cold, drought or moisture, until the favorable and usefnl time for their develop ment arrives. They then shoot forth into activity and the intensity of their verdure depends on the quantity of suitable nourishment they find in the water, just as the luxuriance and color of culti vation depends upon the quantity of the manure the soil contains. By degrees the pool becomes less and less green as the water is deprived of the nourishment it affords to the plants, until they die of inanition (as plants exhaust soil, and ceaso to flourish or live), and tho water, if undisturbed or unreplenished by foreign matter, becomes trans parent, and thus tit for the habitation of the higher orders of fishes, and the use of the highest ' orders of land animals, including man. Speaking of tha water we drink, in his 'Che- mistry of common life,' Professor Johnson re marks : 'In nature water is never found perfectly pure. . That which descends in rain is contami nated with the impurities it washes out of the air; that which rises in springs, by the substance it meet within the earth itself. In rivers the impu rity of the water is sometimes visible to the eye. It is often of a red color, as it flows through rocks of red marl, which contain much oxide of iron in their composition ; it descends milky from tho glaciers of Iceland and the slopes of the Andes, because of the white earth it holds in suspension ; it i3 often grey or brown in our muddiest English rivers ; it is always brown where it issues from boggy lakes or runs across a peaty country ; it is sometimes black to the eye when the quan tity of vegetable matter is excessive, as in th« Rio Negro of South America ; and it is green in the geysers of Iceland, in the Swiss lakes, among the islands of the South Sea, and around our own islands, because of the yellow matters which it everywhere holds in suspension or solution.' While, we trust, we have in the foregoing, remarks succeeded in moving some of the bugbears that are floated about, to alarm tha uninformed, respscting the impurities and un vrholesomeness of watsr, there is no reason whatever why water intended for domestic ? use should not bo freed or cleared from the grosser impurities with which it is charged, and rendered more agreeable to tho eye. A ready method of obtaining a knowledge of the comparative organic impurities of water i* the addition of the permanganate of soda or potash. This salt, which gives to water a beau tiful red color, is easily decomposed by organic matters. When the same quantity of the permanganate is added to a series of waters containing organic matters, those which contain the least retain tho most color, and vice versa. The passing water over iron has been found to have a remarkably purifying effect, and this has been patented by Dr Medlock. The best remedy for impure water is filtering, which may be done by passing the water through charcoal and sand. Man generally desires to gratify both the eye and the palate in drinking water, and therefore prefers taking the water from a well rather than a pool, whether green or transparent ; thence he di^s a hole in tne earth, and thereby avails himself of this great natural filter, or if necessary he makes an artificial one. Still, however, the water contains the seeds of water plants ; for, from whatever depth it may bo taken, it will, if kept in a bottle, become green iu a few days. That it also contains living creatures in great abundance is manitested hy the offensive smell which the best water shortly assumes, owing to their death and putrefaction when transferred from their natural place in a well to a jug or other vessel.J But, besides these, the water, however filtered, still contains the gases and Ealts which, as above explained, render it wholesome. However useful the contact of iron may be in rendering water wholesome, lead is, on the contrary, most obnoxious ; and the leaden cis terns in such general use in towns, unless occa sionally scoured out, accumulate a vast amount of injurious deposit. This branch of the sub ject has lately occupied a large share of atten tion among medical men, and we notice that a very important paper by Dr Lindsay, of Perth, ' On the Action of Hard Waters upon Lead/' was read at the recent meeting of the British Association, and which is published in extenso in the 'Journal of the Society of Arts.' Dr Lindsay's experiments tend to show that it ia the soft or rain water that has the most perni cious effect in decomposing the lead ; hard waters being far less active in their operation upon the metal?. The Casinos of California. — A ballroom he roine, a Creole girl from New Orleans, was stabbed in the shoulder by a jealous Ghilena. The doctor was called upon to attend the beautiful and now blaspheming vixen, who, between the sharp stitches of his suture-needle, cursed alternately her rival and her Adams's revolver, that had hung fire. The wound was healed, but our author was no physician to so bad a mind as tnat of the Creole vengeful spitfire, who had scarcely escaped from his handi when, at a dis hevelled masked ball, she struck her Chilian enemv a fatal blow with a bowie knife. Intro duced by this adventure to the orgies of tho place, Dr Palmer soon learned and witnessed the incidents of '* The Fate of the Fairleighs.' Amid the revels he detected a tall and singularly graceful young Englishwoman, who seemed strangely out of place there and hopelessly wretched — who moved in the dance, grave, pale, aud abstracted, with bo apparent interest in it or unconscious of it. 'How like the very ghost of a bacclianale, with her motions merely, but not emotions, she flung herself desperately into the brave ab indon of the Spanish dance, flashing her soft white shoulders, beautifully balancing her pensi'o arms, proudly careering her conquering neck. ' This woman, a refuse from the English home of her husband and from the society of her ac« quaintances, had come ' to see hor fata out' — to dazzle and dance her life away in all* the rudeness of Californian adventure. Her proud spirit, however, remained to ker ; and when her husband also made his appear ance in California she found his approach in tolerable. Whether it were a sense of injury or of remorse, she only flamed with passion. But this was but for a moment ; soon she turned ashen pale, withfe deep, dangerous, and despair ing hate ; her health and beauty departed at once ; arsenic was attempted, but the doctor came just in time to pump it up ; but impatient for the end, the sequel soon came, and her corpse was recovered from the river. The most interesting circumstance, which proves how curiously goodness and wickedness are some times blended together, remains to be stated. She left to her son, the offspring of her mrrriage, a large legacy, which she had industriously hoarded, signing the will with her assumed naine and a fearful appendage — 'Lucy Mason, the Lost.' — ' Romantic Aspect* of California and India, in Knickerbocker.. A marvellous case of suicide occurred a few d%ys ago at Exeter. A blacksmith, named Wood^ate, deliberately heated a peker, and pushed it red into his abdomen. Tf?bia operation be performed four tirms. He died iu a few hours, saying tbat what he' bad done be had bsen tempted to,(lo ' for the Want of. the graoa of Sod.' fir e.'Atr #cw t Ut 1M+4 ) 