PANAMA VERSOS SUEZ. , . TO IHI .EDITOR. 0*r TBE IMPIEI. I SIB,-A. " Biscuit" ia ibe Sydney Morning Herald ol ike 7th instant, baa kindly voltm<eered to reveal, «bat be asserts bas been known to " man; p'aotical men," re apeoling tbe great disadvantages" of the Panama ronte. His estimates of the working expenses, the length of time feqalred for the passage, &o..; Seo., have doubtless been prepared with great care, and his conclusion re- specting the impracticability, and ultimate failure of tbe proposed line is doubtless correot, and the " many prac- tical men" highly satisfactory and gratifying. . But his conolndiog analogy, or want of on »logy, between the ronte from Panama to San francisco, and the route from Panama to Australia, will aoaroely bear ex. amination. ' : Kow, why bas "Biscuit*' only referred to the time between 1840 and 1863 ? With the same consistency he might quote the material of wbiob he professes to have leen made at £100 per ton, because, at some -time, -under eertain circumstances, it was sold at that price. If he bas pretended to make a statement of faots as they existed previous to 1863, end has aa wilfully suppressed the faots beering on tbe same subjects, tbat have ex- isted «ince tbat time, tben same other .'practical men" will infer that he bas a motive for so doing, wbioh he is willing to oonceal. Or, if on'the other hand, be has kept himself in ignóranos of those matters during the last seven or eight years, then he has wilfully thrust himself forward upon the public in an imperfect con- dition, only half ba ked, lu the first place, the time required by tbe Oolden Age, and 2. L. Stephens, is from 13 to IS days, instead of 10. Other steamers in the same line from 16 to 17 days. The steamers do not call for coal at any inter, mediate port, .except Aoapulcon. Some coasting steamers run direot from Ban Fran, cisco to Monterey and San Diego; bot the Panama steamers never oall at any of these places. And further, the steamers formerly running from San Francisco to Kioaregu*, performed the entire trip without calling any. where for coal. Tho high rates of freight and fare alluded to, were before the opening of the Isthmus railway, when freight and passengors were conwyed aoross tbe Isthmus on pock , horses and mules. As long ago as 1880, the obarge for light freight by the express companies was three cents per lb., whioh is only £13 per ton instead of £id, and 1 am informed, on good authority, that it is now rednoed to one cent per lb. In 18S0, the fare in the first cabin was usually from £i0 to ¿60 ; in the Beoond cabin, from ¿30 to £315 ; and these rates were not merely for a " ten deja sail" to Panama, but for tbe entire distance to New York or Kew Orleans, including the Isthmus transit. 'When there ia a healthy competition existing, as at present, the rates are even further reduced. Besides the steamers have aoco rrmodation for from 400 to 8C0 steerage pas- sengers, at fares varying according to competition, from £10 to ¿30, and generally carry a full complement. The drawbaok aa to climate," &o.;, is bat tha ghost of a bug-bear wbiob is often conjured np, and as often van, isbes on the approach of examination. The " mortality" alluded to, was among the Irish navvies, while they were at work on the railway daring several unusually unhealthy seasons. Both'Englishmen and Americans, as well ss other foreigners, reside con stantly at Panama and Aspinwall, without fear of fevers or " black vomit." Several thousands of passengers from Kew York and New Orleans, cross the Isthmus every month, even in the most unhealthy seasons Gises of sickness are seldom hesrd of, and the few cases that do occur, are generally attributable to imprudence, io ea iog or drinking while on the Isthmus, or what ia miare common, to the effects of overcrowded tteamtrt. The whole time occupied in crossing is from three to fire hourn, certainly nat long enough to oontract any Ttry si riana malady. A residence of several years in California subsequent to 1803, wiib constant opportunities for conversing with passengers, enables me to write confidently on thees matters. 1 have the honour (o remain, very truly, yourB, Seo., H. re. Brisbane, Queensland, Maroh lllh. I860. I ==r On the 21st December, s complimentary dinner was siren to Sir George Grey, K.C.B., Governor of tbe Cape of Good Hope, at the London Tavern, where about 130 gentlemen, either former residents or commercially interested in Ibo colony, assembled to greet bim. It is stated that there is now ia the Court of Divorce an arrear of 800 divorce CSBSS, and ISO probate and administration cases;" Tbs brewers of Manheim having agreed to sell their beer st the uniform rate of 3} frentzen the glass, tbs beer-drinkers ot the town entered into a coalition not to o nvnme any of the beer made by the above-named indi . -In 1« for t*'rpr> wk', hr'whic i ?« it iw thrrtpht.'ne b ..r-'» lt b» Lr»-g t lt» tr - u o i. 'I/ue kuWz r lu tuiueth.i g li ï» !Li.i» a hell; . . 