THE PROTECTION MOVEMENT IN MELBOURNE. (ibridj d from the Argus.) A public meelinsf was held at Hoc'iin's Assembly ISootn, El-'zibeth street, for the purpose of considering tlie advisability ot petitioning tho I egisiature to p-omo;e ci l iniil industry by imposing a d(ity on the impi>r ili m ofa l foreign produce. The fo in was w-.ll filled ca the occatijn. Mr T Load r, M.L.A., presided, and was sapported on the nlatform by Messrs Heal is, Don, Wilson Gray, G, M. S'ephen, Sinclair, Carr, &a.; The Chairman introduced the business by etating- that the meeting had been called at the instance of the Conference, which had met for the purpose of considering the desirability of having protective duties. He wan glad to ace the Conference moving in the matter, because, no doubt, whatever might be tbe opinions held by the majority of the people, trade was in a depress d state, and it was evident that something necetsary for the purpose of encouraging native industry should be adopted. Whether the encouragement should be offered in the shape of a protective duty, or in any other shape, was a question for consideration, The conference .considered that protective duties wonld meet the srgecoy of the want. The Freetraders did sot admit this. Well, import duties had been imposed in other countries for the purpose of protecting nativg, commerce. (Hear, hear.) Therefere, he thought the onus of showing that protective duties would not > meet the want here fell upon the Free-traders. His own opinion was that something in this respect ought to be done in Victoria. Produoe is the sonroe of wealth, and the greater the productions of a nation, the greater its wealth, the greater number of persona employed, and *he greater the prosperity and happiness of the people Hesr, hear.) A' huge manufacturing; adness mamjt large iiv« of iragdi i'i flowing throagh and nourishing every branch of trade throaghont the comthnnity (Hear, bear.) But that river of trade (continued the speaker) ia not to be found here. We have sent away millions per annum to other countries, to augment the river of wages flowing there, leaving our own perfectly neglected. During last year he found from a easterns' return goods were imported into Victoria to the amount of £15,444,000, while the exports amounted to only £14,000,003. There was therefore, £1,330,000 against the colony for that period. The difference in t.he previous year was £1,100,000. And if this were continued—ia the face of bad trade and markets glutted with the products of foreign countries—a bad state of things wonld be the consequence. It was stated by the Freetraders tbat Protection was a description of class legislation, which seeks to beni fit tbe minority at the expanse of the majority. (" >0, no.") He did not consider this objection a sound one, and he trusted tbat come gentleman in the conrse of the evening, would address himself to that point, and refute the assertion- (Sear hear.) Mr Warren then addressed the meeting. —Looking at tho present state of the colony, he thoaght some alteration was necessary, and that alteration, he maintained, must be made by the Legislature Hundreds of men bad been attracted l'rom their homes, and indnced to settle in tbis cmntry, in the hope of bettering their condition. And what were they doing ? Walking about the streets, surveying and inspecting goo J s wbich they expected 1 hey should have manufactured. (Hear, h=a.r.) Not. one-half of the mechanics were in full -work, and in consequence th*y were leavin r the township* of Victoria, to seek other employment which they imagined to be more remunerative. (Hear, bear.) Tin desire ofthise who agitated this qui stior, was not In increase the price of c il rial g 'Ods; their desire was simoly that, by imposing a duty npon imported manufactured good?, those qo ids should contribute something towa ds the national expenses. (A voice—"The land.") That subject he was not rpcakintf upon— the Convention would h.ok after that— but he would say, that tbe Convention principles, without Proration, would be of little U<P, while Protection would ba of no use without the land. (Sear, hear) He bad had the pleasure of appearing ou this subject before a Committee of the Legislative Assembly, and ho was happy to observe tbat they appeared to feel something of the kind was neecsary. (Hear, hear.) He predicted that if tbe present conrse of policy were continued, things would become much worse tban they are now. If the present generation could not get a living, what would their families do afterwards. What chance was "here of apprenticing a youth to a trade ? A trades • man, when uppealed to on this subject, says, "I have not work for myself, and if I have, I don't know how long it will last; perhaps I myself may have to go sp the country for a living next week." The institution of protective duties would not only benefit tbe artisan, but the unskilled labourer, and even (be gold digger would reap great benefit from the change. Boots and shoes to tbe value of £2000 were imported daily into the colony, but the article would not bear wear and tear, whereas, they would be sure of a good article if co'onial made, because the maker had a character to lose. The distressed state of the colony, he contended, was shown by the fact of 35 cases being disposed of in a day in the Insolvent Court. He concluded by moving tho following resolution — "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the present depressed state of the colony evidenced by the numerous failures in business, the scarcity of employment, and the great number of unemployed, who are daily increasing, demands the immediate action of the Legislature to remedy.' 1 Mr Graham Berry (Prahran) seconded the resolution. He thought the meeting was a sufficient answer to the articles which had appeared in the leading journal of the place. The people, it showed, did care somewhat on this queetion. He was pleased to see the question rated at its true importation, it Free-trade were the grand and beneficial thing it was represented to be, ought not (his to be a prosperous nation ? Had they not had seven years of it uninterruptedly f And if so, and the result were the condition stated in the resolution, must there not bo "something rotten in the state of Denmark." (A laugh and Hear, hear.) He admitted flue Free trad?, carried out in its integrity—if ad ipted by all nations—vas a grand idea ; but it was their duty to luuk to th» resources of the colony, and the material advancement of its peoplo, rather than promulgate anygrond idea, however br- ncli -i.il it might promise to be at some future, day. (Hear, hear). He held that nstead of the courts teeming with hank ruptcv, distress in the citioB and towns, and workmen wandering idly ab-.ut the -tree s, this oountry ought to be the hvppiist on the face of the earth; hut, taking the great bulk of the peooli, per haps they were the mo6t miserable, (dear, heur, and Xa, 110 ) It was pviful. he thought, to see the piet-ile nttimpts which -weie being made to wri:e down the movement. Alluding to Mr toward Langton's letter in (hat dav's Ar^'us, he contended that it was not (rue that Britain was 11 Free-trade nation. She might approach nearer to it than any other nation ; she might be abU to throw at de the armour she had worn, and meet the world unarmed; but would Jt be wise for tbe child to do the same as tho man ? therefore he thought it well thit the Government should look closely to the care of the child at present under its charge. Referring to the Victorian tariff he observed with respect to cork, that the plain nnwrought article was admitted duty free; if cnt ruund, it had to pay so much per cwt. ; and, if made into ordinary corks, 8d per lb. With respect to paper, rags were admitted duty free, but there was a duty, even on waste paper, oNjdperlb. Tbis showed that the Governmeut looked not simply to reveiiae, but countenanced in some measure a Protectionist policy. Therefore, if Free-traders would look a little below the surface, they would find that not only WBB there in Victoria an approach to Protection, but lhoy would not ask that the colony shopld follow in the steps of the mother cosntry, The present men may struggle through difficulty, but if the colony was ever to become settled with regard to its people and its homes; if the colonists were to be able properly to educate their children, and be content that here they might lay their bones, and also the banes of their posterity, Government must do something towaids protecting those trades and manufactures that would give employment to the people. (Cheers). Mr fieales, M.L.A., said he ihoold content himself by saying few w«td* » ttggort ef tbr object <Jf the meeting. He. believed the time was come when the people of this colony were entitled to ask the Legislature for an uniform system of protection to native industry. (Cheers.) England was held upas a Free-Trade country. , .60 far, however, from that being the case, he believed that every as-called Free-trade movement in England was, ia reality, a. protective movement in faronr of those interests with which she was most closely identified. (Sear, hear.} The principle of Free-trade, as exemplified by the repeal of the Cora Laws, was nothing more than a species of Protection (Hear, hear.) In England there was a duty on everything in proportion to the labour expended on it. (H-ar, hear.) He had always looked on England iu the light of a huge workshop; and, no doubt, she bad well competed with all the workshops of the world. (Hear.) The object of those who repealed the Corn Laws was to give to the manu- facturing population a cheap loaf, and thereby aliow the country the better to compete with the other workshops of the the world. (Cheers.) In illostrLon of , the fact that the English tariff was a protective tariff on the manufacturing interests he would mention a few fac's. Tbe raw material for baskets was allowed into England free of duty, whereas manufactured bitkets were charged at the rate of 4d a foot. (Hear, hear). The material for walking canes was also admitted duty free, bu: the moment a little labor was expended on it, a tax of G9 a 1 cwt. was laid on. (Hear. hear). Feathers in a raw state w«re admitted free of dn(y, but once (hey wi.rp cleaned a protective duty of 3i a lb was levied. So with cotton, timber, and many other articles. (Cheers). If, thtre fore, a protective duty was r quired for an o'd acd established country like England, b w much more forcible wa9 the argument when]applied to a young country like this ? (Cheers). With reap ct to the question ol the education of the rising generation, he might observe that that q-ie-tion had been attempted to be met by Mr Langton, but (hat gentleman had failed etfregiowlv in doing so. (Hear, hear). Mr Laogion said because a number of their boys w-re employed in huxte.ing newspapers and fruit, that therefore r.hey cou:d not edocate or bring up their boys to trades. Such H future as that was not what any one at that meeting wished for his sons. (Cheers). They wished to see their children occupy an honorable and useful position, and as such, they wished to see them brought up to some useful tradss. (Cheers). He had been for many years connected with one particular trifle in this colony, and to that trade he would address himself, as be believed it had received a blow which it would take years to recover from. (Hear, hear) He had be^n a coach-builder in this colony, and he had hoped to bring up one of his sons to that trade, but he was not ablo to do so, as there was not a coachmaker in the colony who felt himself justified in taking apprentices. (Hear, hear) Now, he would ask, why were not many articles tint could he produced in this colony made here, instead ot being imported from foreign markets ? It was not btcause they could not be produced, but because there was such an uncertainty in business in thtB colony that no man felt himself justified in investing a sufficient amount of capital in business to enable him to compete with tho markets of the world. (Hear, hear), He would give them a few figures in connection with the coach- building trade. During the iaBtthreo years there were American buggies imported into this colony to the amount of £202,218, or an average of £67,406 a- Toar. Of that sum about one-half, or £33,703 a-year, was spent in labour—a sum which would hare kept in coastunt employment during the three years 189 skilled woikmen at £4 a week. (Cheers.) It was a notorious fact that during these three years there hsd be n in this city hundreds of coach-builders in abject poverty. (Cheers.) He did not think such a slate of thingB as that told well for the present system. (Hear, hear.) Under protec ion thos ? buggies, the average price of which was £130, could be produced in the colony for £90. (Hear, heir) If, therefore, there were Protection it} (his article, every class would ba benefitted— the man who nrodneed aud the man who consumed. (Cheers.) On the other hand the colony had to complain that its great product—gold—was (oxed to thn extent of 23i. an cunce, before it would be allowed to eater England in a manufactured shape Hi would ask was it for revenue purposes that tar was laid on ; or was it not for the purpose of protecting the jewellers of Cheapsido, who were alw&vs; very loud in th ••ir clamours for Protection, and who hid had a very fair share of it? (Cheers ) He had always said he was either a Protectionist or an English Free-trader, es t ' did not think there was anv tUfference in tho terms. (Hear, hear.) Whath* contended for was that, inasmuch as the statesmen of Great Brita'n found it right to protect thiir own manufacturing interests, the people of this clony should have such protection f.j- native industry as would in the r.-nd make the cjlony grca* and ftiuri- hing. (Cheers.) Under all thoBe cirou ii^ta ieei. he would a Ic. was it not th» oljBnt 0? tha* m-> ting to b-iutr ah Mit a Chungs (hat woulij hare the eflVct of making theciuntry more prosperous, and orca'ing a bitfe' state of things thao existed at present ? (Cheers.) MrWiriams supported the resolution. As a eoaebmaker, hec.uld hear testimony to the truth of tho stati-m&Dt; of the boa gentleman who had prrcdid bim. For niinseif, he bad graduated in a Free- trade school, and was accustomed to associate himeelf with Free-trade principles until Krec-lude took great libertt.s with him. (Laughter.) When thut came to pass, he found it was very desirable to change his opinions. (Hear, hear) In the coach building trade the manufactures had greatly decreased since 1852. In that year there were 20 factories, aud in 1856, 29 ; but since that time they had become less and less, in the face of a greatly increasing population, • (Hear, hear.) In England protective duties'might be traced either io the fact that the Government wished to foster native industry, or to so create a revenue, In eiiher view of the case, the result was the same—namely, to bring to a high state Qf perfection the peculiar manufactures of the country, and to establish them on a sound and solid foundation. (Hear, bear.) Again, there was no reciprocity in these matters. A carriage exported from this colony to the United States ef America was charged the duty of 24 percent, while a similar article sent to this conntry was admitted free of duty. At present there was a large amount of skilled labour engaged in the coiony in inferior occupations, which, nnder a system of Protection, would be employed io such a manner as to establish their manubctnrss on a solid foundation, «nd, by developing the resources of the oawtry, offer intoeeaenUi toe the tow hesitating emigrant to settle oa the* shorea. (Hear, hear.) It should be ^ lected that wheu. goo'ds were s=ld K tllT class tha? that ™? wss alDed engaged iu cariying the Sf goods from shore to shore. Themerc&oU; therefore, were in favour of the M S • tete or Uuugs because they were ft" interested in the import trade. hear.) A good deal bad beensaid^S regard to apprentices, and on th&t; s,b,*ect he wouldobserve, that^tbe presenter the manufacturing interests he did not fel himself justified in taking them, <w d } more prosperous state he wonld. (acar. He would not occupy them further, bu congratulate the country on the fact of so influential a meeting assembling in favour The Chairman then put the resolution which wai carried by a show of hand..' one gentleman, amid much laughter B ing his band in dissent ' ral1 " Mr Hill (Richmond) proposed the s>cond resolution That in the „< .v. ma^utture^f ^ be allowed to enter <hi« cVlonyte 8^1 dmv whilst the colonial workmen, -who are tax.3 to support the revenue, are wandering aW seeking employment in vain. ' he considered it was not right to import foreign produce while the people starving (A voice-"There are plel of stones to break ") ProtectiQIli Q tended, meant that a fair amount of dufr should be put upon each mannfactured article, so that (he coloniat might bs enabled to compete properly with ti» foreigner He complained that member, of the Conveti'ioo did not advocate a Protectionist policy, (Mr Dsn, who was sitting on the edt-e of the platform, denied (his.) The speaker complained that the mBj inty of the Oonv;iition geDtlemea at the last election did not wake dUtinct de. claratious on the subject. (Cries of • Yes • and dissent.) He contrasted the state of Ame- i<-a when governelby Free Trade policy with its condition under Proteo. riouist rule, and^ave a glowing picture of the benefi-s that might be expected to flow, in Victoria, from the imposition of a duty on all articles of foreign manufacture and the total repeal of the duties on tea crffee, sugar, and other nectssaries of life'. Protection, he asserted, followed nature' whilu Free Trade made men idle, disso' lute, and everything that was bsd! (A laugb ) The adoption of Protection he admi.tod, might lead to high prices at first; but, with the most skilled laborers in the world, proper encouragement only was needed to encourage general prosperity. (Cheere.) Mr MeCann (Geeloog) congratulated the meeting upon the presence of so manv members of the Legislature, and expressed his conviction the movement now started would receive the support of a majority in the present rtfoimed Parliament. He was opposed to every species of class legislation, and for that reason was a Protectionist. The system of Free Trade, as adopted by this colony, was class legislation, and of the worst kind. Wharves were made here for the benefit of the foreigner, who used them, and paid nolhing towards their cost! Hallways were being constructed at an expense of something like £8,000,000, simply for the benefit of the foreigner. According to the present arrangement, the farmers around the gold-fcjds sent tbeir ( produce ;thither. By meanB of the railways now forming, foreign grain would be sent up to thfl gold-fields at a nominal charge, and the farmers would be deprived of the protection they now enjoyed. If t that were not class legislation, he should t like to know what was. Again, it was j Baid that there were certain classes whom p I Protection would not benefit. It was said s that it would not benefit clerks in Government employ. Why. there was a cry b in about cutting down their salaries. That p was ia the goad old times Butiftbers ti were good times again to morrow (hers would be no occasion for that cry. He wou-d give protection to all classes. The protection that he claimed for himself he fo p s would extend to others. The protection to claimed for the shoemaker ho would have (h extendi to the farmer. (Hear, htar.) Much had been said with regard to the opening of the lands, and attention had been call d to America; hut, although that country prospered with the opening of tbe lands, what wonld she hive been without Protection ? With angard to the question of taxation, he observed that additional revenue would be needed by the iovernmtut from one siuree or another, and it could not come better than from protective duties on manufactured articles, which would lead to a re-diBtribution of taxation, and tiiu repeal of dulies on those articles whi<£ a r e mare copsumcd by the woriipe-clus than any other. The result of this would bs geoerr.l prosperity. Should, however, (ho present course be persisted in, trade would decline, the number of skilled labourers wou'd decrease, and 40yea-s hence there would be no tanners enrrie-s, or fboemakers among Ihtm (A voioe.—"There wil, be a few stonemasons." 'Jhat might be BO, hut even at tbat time, judging by p esent appearances, ' o building might be needed, l'herc wrre, however abundant] sou c B of wealth in 'In land.^if but pro-J i'erly app'ied and properly protected— •imb.r, land, g' ld, a;d wool. And'lortl fr.iin all theau channels broke forth(tb cry, whi.h, as native of the coloDy, l hoped woald be duly attended to—" rr tect our native industry. (Cheers. Mr Sinclair, M. L A., wqs glad 1(0 find;' large and important a meeting asiemble^3 favour of this principle, which be was to say he believed met with the roncurrfte of a majority of the members of theLpgi*' tivc Assembly. (Hear, hear.) At the"' : scot moment there was a Selcct Comiy* tee of the Assembly i-itting on this BU'K'J which he hoped would Teport in favor ol Protection. Whatever the report »a » e intended giving his vote in favour itM principle. (Cheers) He had notintn« el1 to speak at that meeting, and hchad,he' e ' fore, no statistics to lay before them; at I might observe that he would be niostaW | to join hands on the platform wilh 'M Iiams (bear, hear) in carrying out th'g ,e 'i orinci^ile, which he hnd no doubt ivotd teal preatly to thefuture well-being of this» lon !'' (Hear; bear ) He could only Bay J* had ttied nine year's of Free-trade,1 was now willing to try nine yearso' tection, and he did not consider tb'T c0 °. L say which WBB the better system V". 1,1 had tried both. (Cheers end laagXf -) *, I had been said that the «tohema»oi« ® 4 n ! I < op want Protection. He thought the jcntleffl» u I who stated that was under a mistake. (" e ' I hear) He recollected that some time """J there was a proposition to send » I bad £200,000 to Carrara for marble. I occasion the masons were with him to affl i| and when he called a meeting »t 'he » I tre, Protection was declared to be the ,| of the day (eheersj) and the projector" » j that disgraceful piece of business • denounced from the platform that the I for the Carrara marble was dispensed in -i (ChoetB «n<$ laughter.) If that eriaJTM been sent, skilled labour to the vjM! ] 4280,000 woald h»r» b«a lwt W* 1 tll th •Ji M Sti »i . t h e country itself ab&unded; « e^the ®o.t double description, in s sK»® t o „ J H e had not oome there to « Should not, therefore, do m ore T^lare hU intention to advocate the ^SLdgive his vote for protect™ to ffiSfo, every occasion when the Sone^beforehiii. (Cheer'.) ftai A., who «1 received with ^ wU be wished to correct a ™Ksi°n into which somespeakera have faUen. There were two JkoitwsssBia were not favourable movement It had been stated that «? 7t gentlemen who were associat- K & l inagiutingfor a thorough rmnof the land system were opposed to "[°™,Jent. That was a great mistake, K S w e e were nothing of the kind. JnSSA very large proportion of the lut Coavention that uietin that place were • f„our of this movement {Hear, hear); "jke huneeUit was. who proposed a resoi rS»OD the night the members were elect f oJ Actions to be sent to Melbourne Vffhich included in u the principle of (Hear, hear.) Again, ftWaa id J thatthe masons, seeing that a church nMnot be put in the hold of a ship, or SS upon the side of a hill (laughter), J r e opposed to Protection. The masons, nn the contrary, bad not only been in favour rf Protection, but they had given « good .Morale of how to obtain it by protecting SsdU. (Cheers). And he would tell the ttades of Melbourne that if they would take iheeame course to protect themselves— ifihev wouid show the same determination I-the same powers of organi»ation-(hear, hear)—and the same ability to cotnbire all (heir efioi's into one, as the masons had Sone-theT would gain their point before the rat 10 months. (Cheera.) When the Carrara marble was about to be brought here what did the masons do ? They raised the popular voice against it to such an esteot, that it rang and tingled in those men's esrs who wanted to introduce it, that to this day Carrara marble started up before them at every turn, like the Ghost of Hamlet's Pather. (Cheers and laughter). He would tell the people that, if they were in earnest about this Protection, they should tot he afiaid. as they should not fail of having the aupport of both the parlies he had just mentioned. (Hear, hear). For himself he wanted piotection to native industry not to oreaie a revenue, fir he was quite sure th Government would take good care to put the taxes for that purpose (Hear, hear) Indeed they might depend upon it the Government would never forget that part of their duty, (Laughter.) They would always leture as much money aa they could wisely tpwd, and as much more as they could get. {Cheers and laughter.) What he wanted Protection for was to keep the people employed, and he would leave the taxing to the Government, (Laughter). WBB Richard Cobden, he would ask, a Free-trader f No. Cobden was as much a Protectionist aa he o my one else in that room, but he knew the tight way to go about it. (Hear, hear.) It vat not the farmers that were in favour of Free-trade in England It was where the population congregated in maaseB, and arose every morning at half-past 6, to start that tremendous roll of machinery that clothed the world—these were the men who required Tree trade, in order to enable them to tmpete wiOi the foreign manufactures. (Sear.) Jn this country there was to Free - trade. It was Free - trade to every one but themselves. (Hear, hear). The foreigners, who did not pay half the taxes, were allowed to send their goods here duty free. He wanted to equalise the game and to see those men made to bear a abate of our burdens, the way to do which VIE to tax the goods before they came in, (theert). In consequence of the present ijitem skilled artizans were forced to labor it employments where no skill was required, •id Urns there was an amount of valuable labor lost to the colony that even in this thinly peopled country was to be counted by millions of money, (hear, hear) The meetini mijlt be assured that, although some persons might have opposed the movement two or three months ago, they would not do to now, (hear, hear). He had great pleasure in supporting tbe resolution, and he hoped before long to have the opportunity of supporting it in a place where his support would le of more effect, (cheers.) Mr G M Stephen, MLA, who was called for, said he cang to the meeting more for th purpose of listemug than talking, considering as he did, that it was his duty as a legislator to hear the sentiments of the public, in order that he might be better fitted to fight the battles that had to be fonght in another place. But were he to say that he went to fatliament as a Protectionist, he ahould be unworthy of their approbation, He felt, although he had read much, particularly ignorant upon the subject. So many theories had been broached by writers that he had a difficulty in finding a safe or middle course. Therefore, he was anxious to discover, by attending to the wisdom of others, how he UjtRht lend a hand in improving their condition. He knew many trades in the colony -trades which ministered to the comfort of the wealthy—that might safely be protected, tiymafrngthe wealthy pay for their luxu- ?ica. He Was prepared to say that there was »o necessity for importing the carriages and the furniture that were brought into this wuotry. Hi, only difficulty with regard 10 Protection was how to deal with the matter •0 as not to injure a large portion nf the community. He referred to the mere labirk , }"" * nothing toprotect—nothing out 8 c the 6 hands h o b a that d gained them their bread. ""ylM.MO men in the colony, at least »u.l>00 had nothing to throw in the scale, and sow would increased prices affect them ? ,,, r v . P,' aa to what wouldlbe \ r,.,JT hlm UBe therefore he was prepared to go ! l t m forth ; s n d into Parliament, and hear WWaastonstely and calmly the various t t h" '6 be urged for and u • . • I"""™- m ht At the same time he Would inform,hem that if he could not go fen - colonial expreaiusikt. „ . ,1 ^ ^ "f bs ne t 0 8 Smil.1 n^ l u B r u s u t a , J the other gent i ' ^ , sddressed l a o n them, (cheers). vf/"' ™ «f»y was also called for, who, a ton? H? 1 .? P presence as M aHrt? e j 'J eeUnR P' t 0 BC0<? t h with i s those who X^r*^ e m and ithi6ed tbathe was anxious Mfe acqusinted with the tacts upon which ,«» had founded such large opinions in favor whVhT ; , " " Ihe statement SCita JSSI" h0a H e r e f e ° c d "onthaf™,.., ! ' h C l s t e then k c , i m pointed 1 0 out n " e y H e tb i^lVS! ' circumstances a defi- w w on iff S? ! e v ° * n u P e m tnly ' that i h t o by c c u n r general fax ESrf • l U Vmmoaitiea' im^d. SuKr^v 1 t ?^' U e d , >R from his inter. Pret?rt* „ ' 1 ;. °P 8 ari6iV Melbourne which b the pe want ,e o f of trade, fpr tbe a? knew that the want HS-Mnattion p t t r^ m e B v h Q » " byraoreeircum- C 6 6 e d 101>,! P'eaiiM nf . i -»<>t merely by the de- & on h U t a J ° T ^ unsettled ' l6 S b " at MelmhecL3 t r a d s m E° ! t" morrow. B e n d i Vok ^Htl" >P°»ti°tt ot a general C p l o t 7 f / ' ,n * > e given to the I - " ' ""1 settled octt' coSClt " 6 ^ t ^ d c B »"lthof mT'Z ' Z?^ (hear e e n hear.) e l a l Here- ^'d beJ^J^fJ^'^ observations fcat H",^ r'5 1 wothermoveupon r R M d , 0 thM move- « • 5 r e t 0 t o gainst r c e Protec- ttenUo M "'steetion for j' ? ««Wngto efecure J^SL fIlf v w ' h e nothing to debar ,ld e 16 d o of property • " W t r v . o l d \- In a new "•^BWItrib^ySS* e™r flowinginto might be an inducement to a large skilled population to comli here—the land la perpetually inct easing in value; and, therefore, he trusted that whatever they might do with regard to Protection, they would not recklessly strike * blow at the other movement, (cheers.) The resolution wis then pat end carried. The Chairman said the next part of the proceedings was to adopt a petition to the Legislative Assyibly, embodying the fore, going resolutions. The Ch'irman read the petition, which prayed that the Legislature would " remove all duties from the articlea of sustenance that do not compete with colonial industry, and affix import duties on those foreign productions that lessen the demand for labor in those occupations where the workmen need it. It was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanlu to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. - 