: THE UNCOMMERCIAL TRAVELLER. Tiie Polick in Liverpool. ; ' Is the '-sweet: little cherub who sits smiling aloft and keeps watch on the life of Poor Jack, com missioned to .take charge of Mercantile Jack, .as well as Jack of the national navy ? If not, who is? What is the cherub about, aiid what are. we all about; when Poor Mercantile Jack is having his. brains slowly knocked out by pennyweights; aboard the brig Beelzebub, or the barque Bowie knife— wheu(he looks his last at' that infernal craft, with the first officer's iron boot-heel in his reimuiuug ur. wuu ins uyiiiy uuuy tuwwu overboard in the ship's wake, while' the cruel wounds-in it do ' the multitudinous; seas incarna dine ?' ' , ' .' . ... Is it unreasonable to entertain a belief that if, aboard the brig Beelzebub or the barque Bowie knife, the first officer did half the .damage to cotton that lie . does to men, there would presently arise from both sides of .tlio Atlantic so viciferous an invocation of the sweet'j little i cherub who sits calculating aloft; keeping .watch, on- the markets that pay, that sucli vigilaiit cherub, would, with a winged sword, have that gallant officer's 'organ of destructiveness out of his head in the space of a flash Of lightning ? .. r- / If it be- nnreasonable, then am I the -most unreasonable of men, for I-belicYC it with.all my soul. / 1 ' This was my thought? as I walked the dock quays at Liverpool, keeping watch ' on poor . Mercantile Jack. Alas for me 1 I have long outgrown tlio state of a sweot little 1 cherub-; but' there I was, and there Mercantile Jack:was, and verj' busy, lie was, and very cold lie' was ; 'tho snow yet lying in' the frozen furrows, of tlie land,: and the north- east winds - snipping off -the. tops of tlie little waves in' the Mersey, aiid rolling' them into hailstones to pelfhini .witli'.; .Mercantile Jack was hard at it, in tlievliard weather, as Ije mostly is in all weathers,* poor Jaok. He was girded: to ship's -masts' and funnels of steamers, like a' forester to- a great oak, scraping and paint ing; he was lying out on yards, furling sails that tried to Nbeat him off ; he was dimly discernible up in a world of giant cobwebs, reefing and splicing ; he was faintly audible down in 'holds, stowing and unshipping ? cargo ; lie was winding round and round at capstans, melodious, mono tonous, and drunk ; he was of a diabolical aspect; with coaling for -tlie Antipodes;- he was washing decks barefoot, with the breast of his red shirt opou to the blast, though it was sharper than the knife in his leathern girdle ; ho was looking over bulwarks, all eyes and hair ; he was standing by at the shoot of tlio . Cunard stoanier, off to-morrow, as the stocks in trado of several butchers, poulterers, and .fishmongers, poured down into the ice-house ; hp was coining ^aboard of other vessels, with his kit in a tarpaulin bag, attended by plunderers to tho very' last, moment of his shore-going existence. As though hissenses when released from tho uproar of the elements were under obligation to bo confused by somo other turmoil, there was a rattling of wheels, a clattering of hoofs, a flushing ol iron, a jolting of cotton anil hides and cask'; and Umber, ail inces. s-ant deafening disturbance, on the quays, tlint wns tho very madness of sound. And as iu the midst of it lie stood swaying about, with his hair blown all manner of wild ways, rather erazedly taking leave of his plunderers, all the rigging in tho docks was shrill in the wind, ami every littlo steamer coming and going across the Mersey was sharp in its blowing off, and every buoy in the river bobbed spitefully up and down, as if there were a general taunting chorus of ' Come along, Mercantile Jack 1 Ill-lodged, ill -fed, ill- used, hocusscd, entrapped, anticipated, cleaned-out. Come along, Poor Mercantile Jack, and be temp est tossed till you aro drowned 1' The 'uncommercial transaction which had ' brought mo and Jack together, was this: — I had entered the Liverpool police-force, that I might have a look tit the various unlawful traps which are every night set for Jack. As my term of service in that distinguished corps was short, and my personal bias in the capacity of one of its members has ceased, no suspicion will attach to my evidence that it is an admirable fore. Besides tiiat it is composed, without favour, of tli'c best men that can be picked, it is directed by an un usual intelligence. . Its organisation against fires, I take to be much- better than. tlie metropolitan system, arid in' all respects it tempers its remark able vigilance with a still more remarkable discre tion. -; ?' . - ?- ; '? ' ? ?; ?' ?' ? Jack had knocked off work in the docks some hours, and I had taken, for purposes of identifi cation,, a photograph likeness of a. thief, in- the portrait-room at our head police-office (on' the whole, lie seemed rather complimented: by the proceeding), and I had been on policc-paradfc, and the small hand of,- the clock , was moving on to ten, when, I, took -up' my lantern to ifollow Mr. Superintendent to the traps that were set for Jack. *'? In Mr. Superintendent I saw, as anybody mighti;-' a tall, well-looking, well set-up .man of-tho sol- ; dierly bearing, with a cavalry air, a 'good' chest, and a resolute but not by any means ungentle face. He carried in his hand a plain black walk ing-stick of .hardwood ; and whenever and wliere 'ever, at any time of the night, he struck it on the pavement witli a ringing sound, it instantly pro duced a whistle out of the darkness, ami a police man. To this remarkable stick, I refer ail air of : mystery and magic -which pervaded the whole of my requisition among the traps that were set for ? Jack. V . We began by diving into the. obscurest streets and lanes of the port. .Suddenly pausing in a flow of cheerful discourse before a dead wall, ap parently some? ten miles long, Mr. Superintendent struck upon the ground, and the wall opened duil shot out, with military salute of hand to temple, . two policemen — not in the least surprised them selves, not in' the least surprising Mr. Superin tendent. A, - ' All right, Sharpeye ?' ? . -?* ' All right,1 sir.' ' All right, Trampfoot t' ? -' ' All right, sir.' ? ? -. v 'Is Quickear there ?' ' Here am I, sir.' ' Come with us.' , ' Yes, sir.' - . ?-. So Sharpeye went before, and -Mr. -Superinten- dent and I went next, and Trampfoot and Quick ear marched, as rear-guard. Sharpeye, I, soon had occasion to remark, had a skilful anil quite professional ' way of opening doors— touched latches delicately, as if they were keys of musical instruments — opeue'd every door lie touched, as if lie were perfectly confident that there was stolen property behind it — instantly insinuated himself, to prevent its being shut. , V Sharpeye opened several . doors, of. .'traps', that were set for Jack, but Jack did not happen to be iu any of them. They were all such miserable places that really, 'Jack,- -if I' were you, I would give them a wider birth. . In every trap,' some body was sitting over a fire, waiting for Jack. Now, it was a crouching old woman, like the picture of the Norwood Gipsy iii the old sixpenny dreaui books ; now, it was a crimp of the malo sex in a checked shirt, and without a coat', read ing a newspaper ; now, it was a man crimp and a woman crimp, who always introduced themselves as united in holy matrimony; now, it was Jack's delight, his (un) lovely Nan ; but they were all waiting for Jack, and were all frightfully disap pointed to see us. Imported Stock. — Thursday's .Herald says : — Mr. 'William Burt has just succeeded in bring ing safe to the colony, per Ardmillan, eight ? horses and twenty-seven rams, which we believe we are, fully authorised in saying is ^ne of. the nnest importations oi stoctt yet mane, ine con dition of the horses is something wonderful, -con- sidering the protracted voyage— upwards of 120 ' 1 days. But a great deal of this is attributable to the ; presence of Mr. Burt himself on board, ;and the very' expensive' way in which the fittings are ; put together - a regular stable (eacli liorse with av': looso box) -hiving beenjiuilt on deck.' Many ex-, cellent hints imiglit bo obtained by a visit to tlio ? ship previous to the landing of the stock, which, ; ? we understand, will be effectod at the Circular , ? . Quay, this afternoon. - . - ' A' New York. Spiritual Medium in Ala- - . bajia.— Dr. G. Redman, a spiritual medium of , this city, has been travelling South, exhibiting lii3 , , powers in suaimoniifg the. ghosts of the departed. ;. Ho' got as far down . as: Montgomery, Alabainn, ' , s where, if we credit the account he gives in his. letter to tho Spiritual Telegraph' of this week, ho : and his associate, Mr. Lansing, made a great stir. ?. He says :— ' The; circles have been composed of - the slite of. city and country. lncluding many cler gyman, members: of the Legislature (now! itt„t . season), with, a fair proportion of the lnore. unde-. i - veloped portion of the connmiinty. So great has been thq excitement that- tho more conservative, .: church-goers' 'sent in a petition to the Legislature, asking their interference in our case. The bill, , iniposing a Ane ot filty dollars per , diem' on tilt public spirit-niediums, was frained.and'preseiited ; to the august . body by -Dr.; Mabury, . and subse quently, by motion' of Mr. Ciithcrall, the amount 1 . was increased ;to- five: Jiundi-ed dollars per day; the bill passed, the House like a whirlwind, anil / the rules were suspended, to send it directly to the . Senate, where it also passed without a thought. - The only negative votes were those from men- . bers who had attended our circles.'— jV. Y. Post. , A Tiiuillixg Incidext,— An incident dis playing much heroism has Qccurred on the Pennsylvania railroad. As one of tho freight , trains was coming fast round ii sharp curvc, tho , engineer saw a small child sitting in'the middle of _ . ;he track, playing, unconscious of its danger. He instantly ?wh|stled, put: down breaks, anil reversed his engine, but the and the high speed at wliich it was going rendered it impossible to stop before -reaching the child; in this emergency, when' most men would havo stood paralysed with horror, the conductor of the train, with steadiness of nervq that has few parallels, ran to the engine, : crawled down on the cow catcher, and holding himself with one hand, leaned , as far forward as possible, and as he ap proached. ;tbp child, with a sweeping blow of tlio other he threw it off the track. It was the work of an iiistant, and required a steady hand and cool head to accomplish it, but he was equal to the emergency. The .train was -stopped, and on going back, tho child was found lying at the foot of a small pmbankment, alive aiid kicking, but somewhat .stunned and bruised. ? . Printed nnd published for the proprietors, John and Thomas Garrett, by the said Thomas . G.wtiU'/rr, at The Illawaiiha Muucunv, General Let tor- press l-Vinting Office, corner, of ? - the Market-square, Wollongong, IllftWarflb 011 I'riday, Angus I 17, 1800. 