COUNTRY NEWS. BATHURST. TUB Fret Press reports the proceedings at tho ceroroony of laying tho foundation stone of the Presbyterian Church at Cowra, which came off on Thursday lost. The weather was vory favourable, and the assemblage, for a small country township, was all that could be dcBlred. The proceedings were commenced by. the Hov. James Adam, who was accompanied to the ground by the Rev. James B. Laughton of Bathurst, and by Messru. Camp- bell and Hood, trustees of the Church. After the sing- ing of Psalm 102nd,' versos 10-18, the reading of Psalm 147th, and the offering up of prayer, Mr. Adam ad . dressed the assembly. Oeorge Campbell, Esq., J.P., tben advanoed, and in tho name of ihe trustees, handed to tho Hov. Mr. Laughton a BBBlod bottle, requesting him to bavo tho goodness to lay the stone. Th« bottle was deposited by him in n chamber, out in the lower surface of the stono and contained several.coins of the realm, copies of the Bathurst Free Press, and of tho Bathurst Times, of thu loot issue (September 15,) a copy of the Edinburgh Weekly Scotsman (Juno 0th, 180O,) and a parchment containing the following inscrip- tion : O LORIA DEO IN EXCEL3IB. Tho Steno tn trhloh tills Dooiimont ls dopoaltail, ls the Foun- dation Stono of a I'resbytarlun Church, uniter thu Jurisdiction of tho Synod of Australia la oannootlon with tho Established Churoh nt Scotland to bo doaignatoil SAINT PETEIt'S OHUUCB, Cowra. Tula Stone wan laid on Thursday, the twentieth day of Soptembor, in tho Year of Our Lord Ono Tliou eoud Hight Hundred anil Sixty ¡ In ibo twenty-fourth year of tho llolan of Hor Moat Gracious if u.loalr Victoria, hy tho O roon of God, of tho United Kingdom ot Croat Brimin and Irnlaail, Quoon, IWandor of tho Faith: Ul« Excollonoy Slr 'William Thomas Donison. Kulght, bolng Onvornnr-Ooneral of Bor Mi jomy's Australian PosBoattonn ; tho Itor. John Dougall, Mlnlitor of 8L Auilrow'a Churoli, Sydnoy, being Moderator of the Hvnod of Australia : by tba Hovd. Jamos ltrothorlon Laughton, H.A., Minister or St. Stophon'a Oburch, Uathiirat, asslstnd by tho Hov. Jamo» Adam. M A., Moderator or tho I'rcabytory of llutuurst, «nd Minister or tho Uppor Laohlan Dlatrlot In tho Colony of Now South Walo». Truttooa, Qoorgo Campboll, William Ouaby, and William Hood. The rev. gentloroan having then spread tho mortar on tho bed prepared for the stone, it was oased down by Mr. Pindar, tho oontruo'nr, into ita pormnnont place. The stono having Deon duly adjusted, Mr. Laughton struok it three times with a mallet, saying-" I lay this stone as tho foundation stone nf a Presbyterian abura*) under tho jurisdiction of tho Synod of Australia, in cnn* neation with, the Established Clin rob of Scotland, to bo designated *St. Peter's Churoli, Cowra,'" in tho namo ol tba Fittbor, nnd of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Mr. Laughton then addressed thc assembly at some length, and announoed that offerings in nid of tho build- ing fund would now be collected on tho stono. A con- siderable sum was thus obtained ; and it is gratifying to find that nearly tho whole, of the funds required for the building havo boon subscribed. A doxology was then «ung aml'tho benndiotion having been pronounood by the Hov.'Mr. Adams, tho meeting separated. Tho following is from the samo paper : STONE RODDERY/.-On Fri-lay night last nn attomnt wes made to break into tho stores of Messrs. Tress and Croaker, auctioneers, .Hooick-stroet, whian was only partially successful. It appears that the robbers, know- ing that no porson slopt upon' tho premises, must havo scaled the wall nt tho back and' obtained an entrance into tho yard. Mossrs. Tress and Cranker had but very reewntly secured the back ;door of the main atoren, by a. strong iron bar, whioh.it was impossible to remove from the outside, so that tho rogues wero defea ed In their attempt upon the main building. - Huwevor, (boy ?managed to wr< st tho 'look and staplo from the door of ono of tho outhouses, from whioh they abstracted à quantity of raisins and some bottles. of sauoos. It is supposed that they intended to hove taken away some of tho'henvier goods,''as the groat gatos loading into Howiok-atreet bad been forced, but they wore evidently disturbed and retreated (ho same way as they ontered. Wo should bo tery glad to see tho scoundrels brou «hito justioo, and racoivá the punishment they so richly merit. "TUB G ns AT HUSK OK THE Lowsn Timon.-On this subject a correspondent of tue Bathurst Time» says :-I send you, per favour of sergeant M'Ctuie, a sample of washing stuff, taken out of Hayes' claim on tba Mow Rush, Lower Turon, whioh, you will,observe, is of ex- ceedingly rioh quality. There is twolve feet or washing Btuff in ¡thia olaim,- and it will ftveroge one bullee por dish ; io faot, snob a olalm of. such un extent and rioli. nrss; boa never been knnwn before on tho Turon. There are plenty othor good claims on the same rush, willoh ara vory good and rioh; but Robert Hayes' alaim is the pink. ' ' ' 1 MAN DnowNitD.-Tho Orango correspondent ¡of tho samo journal wrltos aa follows :-I am sorry to stato that the: report vrbloh was current in town last week, oonceming tho ro-appoaronco of. John Meir tin at Ophir, waa inoorroot. On Friday last nt noon, a digger rodo rapidly luto Oronge, and informed the pollón that tho body of B man was discovered that morning 'floating in' tho J ".nation waterhole, about 100 yards from the publia, bouse. Through tho. Moons or Mr. Templer, the ap-, pointed coroner, somo dfOloulty aroso in finding a magistrate to hold tho inquiry that evening ; And tho body was theroupon allowed to romain in the stato it was found till .next merningt when E. Haine, Esq., J.P., Dr. Warren, and other gentlemen .mst for .the purpose of holding a magisterial inquiry oonaernlng tho probable aeuso of death. Dr. Warron mada a critical examination of tho body, after whioh a number of witnesses woru oxnralnod, end thc oonoluslon atrivod at was that of acoldeutal drowning. 