ONDERPUL JOURNEY OF A GREYHOUND. ÏOR the truth of the following facts I can well vouch, having been present at their accomplishment. Two or three ycnrs ago I went down, for a few weeks' shooting, into L-shire, and was staying at the house of an intimate friend of mine, Mr. S-, who had much landed property in the neighbourhood, part of -which-that near home-he cultivated him . self. My friend is a great sportsman, very fond of dogs of ull descriptions, and possessing, amongst ethers, a good kennel of strong, well-bred greyhounds. One of these animals, however, above all the rest, wa? an especial _ favourite, and, being a really valuable dog, he carried off several handsome prizes at the dif- ferent coursing meetings in L-shire and the neigh- bouring counties, and was in consequence justly cele- brated. He was a beautifully clean-made, fawn coloured animal, of immense speed and power, and, at the time of which I write, nearly four years old. His coat was silky, and, os the old trainer would sometimes remark, '* a'moBt bright eneu' to shave by;" his muzzle and feet ("points," I believe, should say) black, the only white mark about him being a curious star on his side, from which on account of its shape, he received his name of "Diamond." , Having given this brief description of him, I will proceed to relate the extraordinary performance which is the subject of my anecdote. > One afternoon, on our return from shooting over an outlying covert, about a > week after my arrival, Mr S-was informed that Mr. II-, a great ally of his, > was waiting for him indoors, having como by the coach, and walked over from > the post town, n mile distant, where he had been set down. This gentle- > man's business was twofold ; he wanted to see his friend, whom he had not > met for some time, and also to borrow Diamond for a month or six weeks. Mr. > S-, after a while, kindly agreed to part with his favourite for the time > named, accompanying his con- sent with many charges as to the care that must > be taken of him during his absence from home. Mr. H-stayed the night, > intending to start on his homeward journey early the next day ; but, unfor- > tunately for this arrangement, a letter, forwarded from home, arrived at > breakfast time, which neces- sitated his proceeding at once to London, and a > consequent absence from home during another day. Moreover, S-'s house would > be greatly out of his way on his retuM journey ; under which circumstances > combined, the question as to how the dog was to be be conveyed to his > destination was a puzzler. He could not be sent by coach, the risk being too > great ; besides, how was he to be conveyed over the ten miles that > intervened between the coach road aud Mr. H-'s house ? Ho could not go by > rail, as, unfor- tunately, there was none between the two places, though > there soon will be, as many " navvies " were hard at work on the projected > line, during my visit last September. ' "What's to be done?" says H-. "I must have the dog as soon as possible." "Don't know, I'm sure," replies S-, "We'll think over it. In the meantime, come out and have a walk round my farmyard. I rather pride myself on it, and you've an hour or two to while away before you need start for town," And so we sallied forth. The two friends duly praised and criticised the different stock and farm implements. I held my tongue, for, truth to tell, I don't understand much about such things, and so did not hazard making re- marks whih might only betray my ignorance. As we were looking "over the stables, a strong, well shaped cob caught Mr. H-'s eye. " Why, S-, you've got a handsome one there,' ' «aid he. " Yes, he is handsome, and good too. But I'm going to sell him ; I've too many already. Do -rou nappen to know any one wanting such a thing ?" " Yes, I think I do. Is he sound ? " " Perfectly, I can assure you. But who's to be the jrarchaser ?" " Sound ! Well, I'll take your word for it, S-, though I wouldn't do the same with every one, and Til buy him myself; he's just what I want. And now, as to price ; what's the figure ?" , However, we need not mind the figure ; suffice it that the handsome cob changed owners at once. * »Dear, dear !" cried Mr. H., as soon as the bar- gain -was concluded, "I've been puzzling all the morning how to send one animal home, and now I've «addled myself with another." *. Oh, thtf's easy ; make one take the other. Ia a -word, old Ike, my trainer, shall ride the horse down and lead the dog. I am sure I con trust him, and he can return by coach. Supposing he starts about four o'clock in the morning, he'll then be with you in the evening, and, if you'll be kind enough to put him up for the night, can be back next day." And so it was arranged. Mr. H- left us at midday, and punctually at Joux in the morning, old Ike started on his journey of .fifty-four miles-not a fraction less-and we thought xti more about the matter. The day passed, I forget how ; and half of the next, en which Ike was to return, was already over. I was Sitting writing letters in the dining-room, when in bounced S--, his face flushed with anger. *. What do you think that stupid fellow Ike has done ?-now what do you think ?' ' I'm sure I couldn't imagine, and said so. " Why, he has actually let the dog loose on tho Toad, and he has just found his way home mud stained and lame, and scarcely able to stand. He's in the loose box ; go and look at the poor brute. It's a shame of that Ike to be so careless-a positive , shame ! Diamond's half dead from fatigue and want of food. But I must go and do what I can for Jï'm." I did BB my host directed, and repaired to the ' stabler. There was Diamond, sure enough, and just as certain was it that he was half dead. His master set to work ; he carefully fomented the cuts and ' bruises .with which his legs were covered, fed him slowly from his hand, and having almost hidden him in the supply of straw that formed his bed, left him I to Test in peace, whilst ho occupied his time in be- I wailing the unfortunate occurrence, and working I himself up by degrees into a most unamiable and un- 1 enviable frame of mind. This was about at its very I height when the innocent cause of all this disquiet in I my kost walked cooUy and calmly into the yard, as if nothing had happened, touching his hat as he ap- proached. " Well, sir ! '' quoth S-, barely able to contain I bis wrath, " so you delivered Diamond quite safely, I I suppose ? " " Ees sur, I did, an' Muster H-- wur very glad to see un, that he wor'. He telled me as I was to teUyou-" .* "Now, Master Ike, I've never had reason to doubt , you before, and I warn you to take care what you're about." " Whey, Measter, what be the matter wi'me ? I'm ? not a tellin' no lies as I knows on." " When did you see the dog lact, sir ? Answer me that, before you say anything else." "Well, let's zee," replied honest Ike; "I seed . 'un this mornin' afore I corned away, an' I corned away half after eight. I couldn't go for to leave the i place eout sayin' so much as good-bye, like, to the old dog. Na, na ! that I couldn't ? So I went into t'stable, an' guv un a partin' pat afore startin, homewardB." " Why, you old-; " but I need not repeat the words : my friend S- was rather out of temper, you know. " Just come with me and look here, and j then be good enough to repeat what you've said. Now, man, look at that dog lying there ; "and yet you want to delude me with your story. What dog's that ? " -Ike's face would have been invaluable te David Wilkie at that moment. " I wunt b'lieve it," he exclaimed. " 'Tare wery like 'un, but I wunt b'lieve it. Let's look at t'other side, ole chap," he continued, as he turned the poor beast over. The'e was the white star. " Well, ' that ees a go. Never mind, tho.' I told 'ee afore, an' I teU 'ee again, Measter, if I wur to die for it next minit, I patted that ere dog's 'ead this very mornin' at Muster H-'s, as sartin as I stands ere now. Write an' ax 'un if I didn't, for he wur J standin' by at the toime." And off went Ike, mum- bling and grumbling to himself at his sorry welcome home. S-- did write that very evening. He was anxious to have Die's behaviour cleared up, though he could not credit hie words. He might have done, though, as it turned out, for the old trainer had spoken the .truth. Mr. H-wrote to my friend by the same post ; the letters actually crossed on the road, and the purport of his letter was regret for the loss of Diamond, who, on his opening the stable door where he had been shut up, had bounded out, rushed at once to the gate, and made off full speed. The letter *. concluded by saying: .'This was at nine o'clock i " this morning. I have already sent in pursuit, and ' offered a reward for his recovery." | , Now, when Diamond made his appearance at home that same day, and when first I saw him, I happened to be holding my watch in hand ; it was exactly two o'clock.' He had travelled fifty-four miles in the almost incredible short space of five hours, and that too over a road which he had only traversed once be- fore in his life. Not one false step could have been taken ; and allowing that a quarter of an hour only WW consumed in his stoppages for water, ho had travelled at the rate of eleven miles on hour for fhe consecutive hours. The dog that performed this wondetful feat recovered in time, and is, I believe olive and well at this moment, though he could not do the like now-a-days, poor fellow ; he's getting old -that is, for a dog.-fauure /four. AMERICAN LiTitnATr.-There is a peculiar typo of the American mind which is strongly in revolt against American utilities, and which is predisposed by the very monotony of its surroundings to hues of contrast mid attitudes of antagonism. Wc have seen the manifestation of this revolt in American literature in Edgar Poe, and even in Longfellow and Washing- ton living. It is emphatically the desire of idealists like these and of Mr. Hawthorne to escape from the " iron nile" of their country and the " social despot- ism" of their generation. They disdam to bo parts of n complicated scheme of progress, which can only result in their arrival at a colder and drearier restion than that they were bom in, and they refuse to add to " on accumulated pile of usefulness, of which the only use will be to burden their posterity with even heavier thoughts and more inordinate labour than their own." This impulse induces them to become vagrants in imagination and reality, tourists in the old world of Europe, dreamers and artificers in the older world of poetry and romance; and the contrast of that to which they attach themselves, as coin pared with that which they fly from, is more stimulating than early nssociotion with such influences is to its. We have, in truth, no parallel among our stlveB to the freshness of their enthusiasm and no equivalent to its literary restlessness or tlan. Send Mr. Thackeray to Rome, and ho goes and comes with the average impressions of a man of the world, to whom art, history, and poetry are very passable entrees, in addition to the ordinary pabulum of n "fogey" or "fat contributor." But the American artist finds himself in Rome with eyes full of innocent wonder, and a heart thumping against his breast like that of Aladdin in the cave. Ile comes, as he ob- serves, from a country where " there is no shadow, no antiquity, no mystery, no picturesque and gloomy wrong, nor anything but a commonplace prosperity, in broad and simple daylight ; " and he stands in the centre of the ruins of the historic world till their very dust, as it floats in the air, intoxicates hitn line wine -till the ghosts of the Capitol dance before him in infinite confusion, like the night concourse of spectres which the magician of the Coliseum displayed to the excited gaze of Benvenuto Cellini. The statues and pictures take form and walk, ns their subjects quicken ; or at least they seem to the poet's eye to be struggling out of tombs into which they are crushed by a vast heap of vague and ponderous remembrances. -Times, JAPAN.-Some correspondence presented to Parlia- ment on the state of nffairs in Japan brings the in- formation from that quarter down to the 7th of January last. It is not encouraging with regard to the prospects of trade. The Government, it is said, keep up all the outward appearances of a desire to give execution to the treaties, while their acts leave no doubt whatever of a hostile animus. On the other band, the disposition of the people in general re- mains most amicable. They are so fettered, however, by municipal and other regulations of a severe cha- racter that it is almost impossible to establish com- munication with them. No respectable persons of education are allowed to hold intercourse with foreigners unless specially employed by the Govern- ment for that purpose. In Jeddo the diplomatic representatives themselves are liable to insult from officers of the State ; in Kanngawa foreigners arc murdered, and in Hakodadi and Nagasaki their houses are broken into, and the Îiroperty of the merchants, even in shipment and anning, is daringly pilfered, the authorities taking no measures either for prevention or punishment. In- cendiary flrcB also are of constant occurrence, and in the last instance £50,000 of British and American property was consumed or plundered, the police present being themselves engaged in stealing. " With a perpetual menace of assassination on the one hand and incendiarism on the other, while earth, quakes almost every week shake the houses to their foundations," the post of diplomatic agent at Jeddo i« described to be a serious trial even for those of the most bold and sanguine temperament. The under- standing that a powerful European expedition is about to visit China to compel good faith in that quarter is believed to have produced some effect in exciting the fears of the Government | but if this expedition is not vigorously conducted the result in Japan will, of course, be to increase the détermination to get rid of us. Mr. Rutherford Alcock. lhe British Consul- General, seems from the first to have pursued a course of great, but not un- dignified, forbearance, and occasionally to hnve pro- duced by this means a disposition to good conduct on the part of the officials. All such manifestations, however, are temporary, and on a recent occasion, in laying before the Government a recapitulation of their misdeeds and disregard of the treaty stipula- tions, he was led to hint that force might ultimately have to be employed. The Home Government, while approving his general proceedings, dissented from this. In a despatch, duted the 28th of February last, Lord John Russell regretted that any threat of war had been resorted to, his reasons being that if the grievances are not redressed and war is not made, the character of the British Government is in some degree impaired, while, on the other hand, if war is made to enforce the observance of a commercial treaty, we run tho risk of engaging in protracted hostilities "and of earning a reputation for quarrelling with every nation in the East." Whether it is wise either to enter into treaties, if we mean to announce after- wards that we may be cheated with impunity, or to regulate our actions not by the distinct merita of a question, but by the fear of being called quarrelsome, are points which may admit of discussion. On the whole, however, there is a reason to hope, with his lordship, that " time and patience may remove many of the evils now complained of," and to admit that " the Japanese, on their side, may be jealous of Euro- peans who insult their usages and carry away their gold " THE DEFENCES OF THE CHANNEL ISLANDS.— We are glad to learn, from late and sure authority, her Ma- jesty's Government is not unmindful nor forgetful of the words of the Duke of Wellington, "Once get a good naval station at the Channel Islands, and you will he as free from French invasion as if you were in my own room." It is now fifteen years since the Go- vernment of the day appointed a secret commission, composed of military and naval officers, to survey the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and to report upon the best means of fortifying them; and of establishing at each a naval station, or harbour of refuge, as it -was called, for obvious reasons. The commissioners suggested the construction of such harbours at the three islands, but at two only were their suggestions carried out. The harbour of St. Katherine's, Jersey, which is immediately opposite St. Malo, has one breakwater complete, and could afford accommodation to a considerable squadron, but the principal works are being carried on at Alderney, whose small ordinary popu- lation of 1200 inhabitants is now increased by a settlement of 900 artizans and 60 horses, working under the direction of Messrs. Jackson and Byng, the contractors. An immense breakwater had been constructed at Braye Bay, capable of affording shelter and anchorage to fifteen sail of the line, at a dis- tance of about eight miles from Cape La Hogue and Cherbourg, on one side, and not more than forty from Portland, on the other, where there is accommodation for a powerful fleet. The new harbour is studded with recently-erected forts, armed with guns of the heaviest calibre, and the whole offne works are being carried on with the greatest activity. It is the confi- dent opinion of competent judges that when these fortifications of the Channel Islands have been com Eleted all chance of annoyance from Cherbourg will e quite out of the question. The whole of the works 1 have been planned by and are under the direction of Messrs. Walker, Burgess, and Cooper, the Trinity house engineers.-United Service Gazette. MANUFACTURE OF LOCOMOTIVES ABROAD.-The Engineer, in a review of the foreign locomotive and machine trades, states that of the 2624 engines in use on the railways of France at the commencement of 1858, no less than 2521 were of French manufacture. At the same time 2277 of the 2850 locomotives in use on the railways of Germany were of German manu- facture, 301 only being of English make, besides 190 Belgian, 60 American, and 22 French-built engines. Of the machinery employed upon the Russian rail- . ways a large portion has been made in and near St. Petersburg, and a recent Russian order for sixty loco- motives, for which a great Newcastle, firm tendered, was carried off by the proprietors of a factory in Genoa. In Austria there is an extensive locomotive factory at Vienna, owned by the Government, and conducted by Mr. J. Haswell, where every kind of railway machinery is produced ; and a first-class loco- motive can now be made in Vienna for £500 less than a similar engine can be sent there from Newcastle or Manchester. Another considerable factory is in opera- tion at Weiner-Neustadt, twenty-nine miles south- west of Vienna. In Prussia, Borsig's factory at Ber- lin has turned out, since it was established, nearly 1200 locomotives. M. Woëhlet'a locomotive works, also in Berlin, produce a considerable amount of rail- way machinery, 2d, Maffei has 9 locomptiye iMtoxy at ïlirschau, near Munich. In Wurtemberg the e are some extensive works at Lsslingtii where, l>e S des laTge quantities of other micninery, fifty lieo motives ure made yearly Messrs Eschcr, W w, an I Co , at Zurich, are extensively engaged m the iniinulaeturc of machinery, including le eom lives The workshops of Belgium, mcluthng the t,reit factory at bei amg, are celebrated even in Eiiglind C ii, of Pnris, whose works now comprise those lorim. rl\ corned on by Cave. Ins made nearly 800 locomotivos and Gonm, also ot Paris, has executed ti groat de»ii ot locomotive and other railway work Messrs Andre. Koeehhn, and Co , of Mulhouse, have turned out as many as mnetv-tight locomotives in a single year Schneider and Co , at Creusot, BuddtcoTi, at Rouen, Parent and Schaken, at Omllens, near Lyons , the Grnfienstndtcn Company, near Strasburg, mil othe r Irench makers, also manufacture locomotives and other machinery to a very largo extent. LovvDirT- In 1307, when the Vrchbishop ot St Andrew s vv as a prisoner at Winchester, he was allowed Is per day for the maintenance of nimself anil servant1), divided m the following proportions -rir the archbishop s own duily expense, Gd , one m*ti Bervunt to attend him, 3d one boy ditto, 1-id lud the Queen of Robert Bruce, who v\ns a prisoner in Englontl in 1314, was allowed only 20a a ween, tor herself and household BrAiuis AND HtTs i\ VrMCF -The following nott fiention, signed Hol^egethan, hn9 been issued it "Venice ' It still occurs that funUion tries of the state, notwithstanding the prescriptions of the Impe rial resolution of the 12th of September, 1852, quoted in the circulais of June 7th, l8 j0, ami Tebru iry 10th of this year, aro seen weaimg boards on their chins To this irregularity another is added, vi/, thitof wearing the hats called a la CHOW, which are cm sidered as the emblem of the purty opposed to the Im ponai and Royal Government In conformity to the requisition of February 14th 18G0, No lo2l P, issued bv the presidency of the local Impen ii and Royal Lieutenancy, ofhtials are now again enjoined to con- form themselves exactly to the Imperial order as regards the beard , and they cannot moreover, on any account, be allowed to wear ha s a la Catiour Offi- cials are also informed that the said Presidency has in- structed the directors of police and the prov mcial dele- gations on the continent to exercise the most rigorous watchfulne68, to cause a procès ve) bal to be drawn up in any case of transgression of the ibovt rules, and to apply there disciplinary punishments prescribed ' Lirr -Ah there is a touching beauty in the radiant up look of a girl just crossing the limits ot youth, and commencing her journey through the checkered sphere of womanhood1 It is all dew spnrklc and morning glory to her ardent buoyant spirit, as she presses tor ward exulting in blibsful anticipations But the withering heat of the conflict of life creeps on , the dew drops exhale, the garlands of hope, shuttered and dead, strew the path , and too often, ore noontide the clear brow and sweet smile aie exchanged for the weary look of one longing for the evening rear, tho twilight, tho night Oh, may the good God ¿ivehis sleep early unto these many 