ELECTION FOR GEELONG. I tiie nomination. I Tho nomination of candidates to fill tho va cancy in the representation of East Geelong, in the Legislative Assembly, took place yestcrday moming, ill front of the Police Court, Yarra street, Geelong. Between 200 and 2-30 perrons were present. Precisely at twelve o'clock, W. Buruowf.s, Esq., the Returning Officer, nppeared on the hustings, and- said that in con sequence of their representative, Dr. Greeves, having accepted a position of emolument under the Crown, a vacancy had occurred in the repre sentation of their district, which they were then called upon to fill up. Having read the writ authorising him to proceed to the election, tlie Returning Officer called upon the electors to come forward and propose any person whom they deemed an eligible candidate. Air. W. Hitchcock nominated A. F. A. Greeves, Esq., as a fit and proper person to re present East Geelong in the Legislative As sembly. He had great pleasure in proposing their old representative who had served them so well, and although the Argus might attack him, yet they very well knew that these articles were written from policy and not from principle. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Greeves had done Ids utmost to promote their interests. He had succeeded in obtaining for them the grant of £3000 to assist in the search for coal in the district. He had also materially assisted in and had been consistent upon the land question, nnd he know he was also a firm protectionist. ('Oh,' and 'Hear, hear.') Air. John Noijli: seconded the nomination of Dr. Greeves, who he said was the best represen tative East Geelong had ever had. ; . Air. Feuouson- had a gentleman to propose whom after they had heard him, he was ccrtain they would approve of. He was pleased to hear that Mr. Hitchcock was s» satisfied that Dr.' Greeves was a staunch protectionist, but unfortu nately, they had had it from his (Air. Hitchcock's) own lips that he would not believe it himself until he had got a written document from the Doctor to that effect. ('They can't believe him now.') Air.' Ferguson then proceeded to comment upon the' conduct of Dr. Greeves with regard to the' Land Titles Bill and the Lien Bill, contending' that had he really done h'13 best and stuck to the! measure Torrens' Act' might then at that time, have been the law of the land. (Hoar, hear.)! The candidate he had to propose was in favor of] a national system of education, and was opposed! to State aid to religion. With regard to the water! supply for Geelong and the £200,000, he would! do his utmost to have due attention paid to their; wants, and that was all Dr. Greeves could do, for; ho had made no conditions respecting that matter j upon entering the Ministry. (Hear; hear.) He had great pleasure in proposing Graham Berry, Esq., as a fit and proper person to represent the district of East Geelong in the Legislative Assem bly. ('Oh,' and cheers.) I Air. Robert Ui'Ston seconded the nomination, j The Retur.visq Officer.: Is there any other) candidate? ('Brodie, Brodie.') ( Mr. T. A Sedars nominated Air. Wm. Nixon! as a fit and proper par.? on. to represent the district of East Geelong in tho Legislative Assembly. (Laughter, an I ' that's a sham.') j Air. W. B. Nkw.h ax seconded the nomination, i (?'No no,' 'nonsense;' 'lio's only a puppat.')^ Dr. Greeves then came forward and was re- ' ceived with mingled cheers nnd hisses. He said : ' Mr. Returning Officcr und geiillernon electors of1 Eist Geelong, — four months ago you did me the' honor to return me as vmir representative to the1 Legislative Assembly. Upon that occasion, and; prior to tho election, I explained to you at great' length my opinions. upon the several political' topics of the day, and upon those subjects which,' at that time, were com:irmanding a very great share ! of public attention, ana -, which were deemed of! the greatest importance to tho welfare and the j prosperity of ths country. \ A.nd although I had: not the advantage of having any of those speeches I reported so that the electors might be enabled to | ppruse them at their leisure, 'I had the satisfac-l tion and gratification of being placed at the headj of the poll by a large majority. (Cheers, and! cries of ' You won't be again.'.') At that time I] made a thorough exposition of my political creed, .1 and to that I have nothing to acld now,' and in; that I desire to alter nothing. (Hear, hoar.) Alii the promises that I then made to the electors of j this district I have endeavored faithfully to keep. ' With reference to that Land Bill which has since, become the law of the land, I looked upon it as aj question of the utmost importance, but said that; it could only be settled by a compromise, since J scarcely any two persons were agreed in their f views upon the subject. It was by a compromise i that that question was settled, and the bill which ; has since passed the Legislature of the colony i3 essentially a compromise be-; tween the several parties. ('It's a sham')-, ~And~although I acknowledge that there are some * portions . of that, bill which do not meet with my entire approval, stui x consider tnat it is a step, and a great step too, in th^ right direction. (Hear, hear.) It is calculated to open the lands ' to the people and to enable them to settle upon the land's of the colony. And I consider that we should congratulate ourselves that we have at' last obtained a measure oy which a man with United means, if really anxious to exercise his industry and to develop the resources of the calony, is able to do so to an extent which other wise w-uld have been , wholly out of his reach. ('Oh!' and uproar; ' Why didn't you vote for the Orders in Council?') I shall be very' happy to answer any questions that may bo put to me by any elector with reference to political quisdons as soon as I have concluded my ro- 1 marks, but in the meantime, I trust that I shall be accorded a fair hearing. (Hear, hear.) With reference to the carrying out of the Land Bill, it has happened to fall to my duty to carry into effict that measure, and to bring its provisions into operation; and I hope that I shall be dis tinctly understood, and that what I say will be taken without any reservation whatsoever, and that whatever my political opponents — I, wiil not say enemies — may say to the contrniy, that I shall be believed by the electors of East Geelong — ( ' No, you won't,') — when I say that it shall be my most earnest endeavor to carry out the pro visions of the. Land Bill in their fullest and most liberal interpretation, so that tho people may bo enabled at once to get possession of the lands, and, as I said in my acld.'oss, it shall not be my fault if they do not do so. (Hear, hear.) I propose, if I may ,u3e tlie word, to popularize the measure, and to bring it before the people in such a shape that they ihay know what they have to get. I intend to have plan 3 pre n-iv/.rl nrmn an extensive scale, whlih shall be ac cessible' to the public at cost price, so that per son* of the most limited moans ? may be enabled I to procure all the iv forma ion th ;y may desire, j and in order to give tho fullest publicity to this ; information, all such plans and the proclamation connected therewith, shall b'3 placed in the differ- j cnt police an l survey offices throughout the J colony, so that a mm desirous of settling on the | land may easily look out and choose for himself. (Hear, hear.) Arrangements liavo been' made whereby a large quantity ofland will be surveyed : and proclaimed ; and unless some unforeseen ac cident should unfortunately occur, land will be I rea ly for selection on thi very day that the Land j Bill come* into operation. Extensive common- | ages are b.uug furveyed, both in tho neighbor- j hood of tho diggings and of the inland townships; ! nnd it only lemains for parsons interested in those .! subjects to communicate with the Government, I so that the land applied for might be surveyed , for these purposes. (Hear, hear.) Besides this, ;; other large surveys are being m ide, which as ' soon as completed will be proclaimed, so that 1 the people may be enabled to go and select for themselves. The Laud Department can only; proclaim tho3e lands which have been surveyed, and are ready for selection ; and- if such lands are not in the situation desired by the people,' all they can do is' to wait a little until the other surveys were pushed forward. I shall do my best to realise and carry into ! effect the principles of the - bill, and. it ! shall be 110 fault of mine if the people do not | Bottle on the lands. I made another promise with regard to Geelong, which was to do my utmost ! for its local interests, and particularly with regard to the water supply of the : own. I have, as my friend on my left (D \ Thomson) is aware, sup ported him whenever that subject was brought under the notice of Parlhmjnt ; but with regard to the grant of money which ought to have been given to this town, but was credited to purposes connected wiih the Yan Yean extension to AIcl 1 bourne and its suburbs, I am not disposed to ' impute particular blame to nny one. (A Voice : j 'It was Haines's fault.') The intention of the Legislature in passing the Public Loan Act could not bemisunderstood. It was perfectly well known, : nl the fact was thi. the sum of money intended 10 be raised for watei supply to this town was wholly absorbed in those extensive and expensive works which are still in progress in conncction with the Yan Yean water supply to the metro polis. I have, however, done my best to mature the heads of a measure to carry out a scheme of water supply for Geelong. I am in communica tion withrvarious persons in order to obtain that loo:d information, without which it would be im possible. to peifect such a measure, and it will be one r of ray first . nets, if ro - clected, which I am satis ^ed I shall be, to introduce into Parliament, and I hope it will be carried into law. (Heai.) I trust that no one will say that, with regard to that measure, .there has been any delay, for no man that ha« any knowledge of parlia mentary business could have been obtained who would introduce, or even prepare such a measure for introduction, at so late a period of the session. Aly friend who proposed me alluded to one or two local matters — coal for instance — in which I aided in procuring a grant of money, and I cor dially support him when he says that the disco very of a coal mine is of more value than the dis covery of a gold mine. But I would go further, and appeal to this meeting whether I have not, as your representative, faithfully and diligently per formed my duty, and attended to all applications from my constituents, whether they were or wore not my supporters at the hustings, nnd done all to promote the local interests of this place or the requirements of individuals. I would, now desire to speak upon one or two matters about which I made my constituents no promise, since they were not then matters- of public interest or before the Parliament of this country. Sometime after my en tering the Assembly two bilk wore brought down from the Legislative Council. They were certainly in a very defective condition, although two of the most important matters that could be introduced, viz., the Divorce Bill and Torrens' Real Property Act. What was the condition of those measures ? One gentleman — a member of the Assembly — had promissd to take up the Divorce Bill, and another member Torrens' Bill, but both declined to do so when it became necessary that they should be taken in hand, and though they were, as I have said, two very important measures, they would, in all probability, have been suffered to drop through, had I not taken them up, without hav ing read a single line beyond the marginal notes, conceiving that it would be a shame if they wore suffered to lap3e in the Assembly. I found tho Divorce Bill in a most imperfect and absolutely impracticable condition. The two English Acts of Parliament, recently passed, had been overlooked altogether, and by a more accident, I was enabled to get tho bill through committee, and it became law, after having its clauses extended from 13 or 1 1 to 36. Although there may be a difference of opinion with regard to some of its provisions, it Is a valuable measure — providing for widows, and cuuuren worse man orpnans, anu nusDanus amr wives in their mutual relations. Tho other Trea sure was Torrens' Real Property Act, as introduced by Air. Coppin, and as passed through the Legis lative Council, as Air. Alichie described it, exactly as a man would carry a sack of coals, without any kind of alteration ; a measure made for the laws of South Australia, which differed in many particu lars from those of Victoria, and without even tho t tilling alteration of substituting the words ' Colony of Victoria' instead of 'Province of South Australia.' The bill passed in this state through the Council, and came down to the As sembly, and when it was shortly after proposed for consideration, Air. 0'Shanas3y declined the conduct of it; and it was when Mr. Bailey, on the spur of the moment, moved that it be read a first time and then dropped it, that I took it in hand, and immediately gave notice for its second reading, and it was four months on the notice paper before I had the ghost of a chance of getting on with it. From night to night there was the Land Bill before the House, which, with other : measures, had preccdencc ; and it was impossible, I with the arrangement existing, by which Govern ment business had priority three nights out of ] four, and no fresh business taken after eleven o'clock, to push the bill forward until the session was brought to a close. These facts were known to the editor of the Argut, and yet he has 011 two occasions with a view of damaging me as a public man, and of weakening my interest with you, made me the subject ot a most unfair and unfounded attack. Upon the .first occasion of his attacking mo 011 the subject, characterising me a3 a great delin quent, I wrote a letter asking him to mention one occasion or day on which I could have brought on the measure m Parliament, and did not avail myself of the opportunity. He (the editor of the Argus) was in the House almost every night, and ought to have been enabled to say whether I could have brought ii on ; but to my letter (though he did me the courtesy to publish it) he has not replied, except by a repetition of the attack. :. That was not a fair way of treating public men; and there were few men, in the. face of so large a number of lawyers, who wouldliave undertaken the management oL so extensive and ill-formed a measure as this was. When Air. Torrens came down trom South Australia to look after the passing of tlie' measure — for it was a pet scheme of his, and he deserves all praise for having done what all the lawyers in England had failed to do — ho was surprised to find the manner in which the Council had passed the bill, consisting of 140 clauses and 15 schedules, and wrote out for mo 297 amendments ; and after returning to South Australia foi warded to me by post some twenty I or thirty more. Some of them, it is true, were but verbal amendments, but even verbal amendments must be passed in a legal manner, and occupy time, and must be made in due form, according . to law ; but a great number were alterations in principle, which would involve one or two nights of debate upon each amendment. I consulted, as the ses sion wore on, those gentlemen who took an in toiC3t in the measure, as I had always done, amongst whom was Air. Wilson Grny, who ren dered me useful assistance on that occasion ; and he entirely, agreed with me, and still agrees, that I I took ihe best course to carry the measure — not I at so late a period of the session to press a measure which was . so crude and imperfect'; but to have it remodelled during the recess, and moulded into shape nnd re-introduced nex* session. I trust I have shown that not a scintilla or shadow of hlame can nttach J t,o m ! with regard to this measure. With respect to other promises, I can only repeat what I have before said, that my desire is to promote the genb I ral interests of this place, and to go on with every measure I have taken up — including the water supply ? to Geelong — and generally pay that attention ? to the interests ot the town and neighborhood wh:«h I havo hitherto endeavored to do. With respect to the general policy of the Government, I cannot at this moment enter largely upon it. I will only say ' one word with regard to the decentralisation of institutions; the getting the country spread over with municipal institutions, road boards, or what ever you like to call th.'in, which I think is of paramount importance. As soon as the people settle down into local communities, I think it is; necessary that there should be local government ' for such convnuuitie3. It will also have the fur- ' ther advantage of relieving tho central Govern- : mcnt from that enormous pressure they were sub- ; jectcd to, from the construction of d great mass of; roads and punlic works throughout the country, lam convinced that public undertakings are never so well executed by a distant Government as by ai local body residing 011 the spot. With regard, to the tariff, . I liave explained my views ! as fully on the subject. (A Voice: 'But you explained them so va^uelv.') I am sure that p.-Mon cannot havo attended any one of my meet-| ings. (A Voicc : ' Well, give us an nccount of it; now.') I will give the same account ! have, already given if tint individual chooscs to' sayi that he has not nearu. me oetorc on .ine suujucu; Aly views on protection ore very wcll known t'i; those who attended my meetings. I nm a dis tinct protectionist — a protectionist in every sense of the word, for I believe under the circumstanccs of this colony, so different from the mother coun try, with regard to machinery especially,' and the amount, of population, and the immense number of trades and avocations to which they can devote! theni3clve3, that a system of .protection, would relieve a great social ev.li provide the means of putting our youth to useful and industrious occu pations, nnd provide us with what we want from within our own resources, and what is of great importance, keep our money within our own shores. I nm quite sure that many will agree with me when I say that I do not believe in poli tical economists, since they are not agreodatmmgst themselves iu that very essential piiucip 0, whether supply reirulitHS demand, or ds mand regulates supply, and until they are agreed in that particular point, we ought not to be blamed for daring to think for ourselves. I am not aware that there is ( any other topic upon which I can address you, but I will be happy lo answer any questions that may be put to me. A nuinbpr of electors then proceeded to put queries to the candidate, as follow : — Ax Elector: Is the statement contained inBear's Circular relative to the manner in which tho squatiers' runs are to be dealt with during the next session of Parlia nent, nnd w.tli regard to the term of years for which tha leases are to be granted, correct ? Dr. Greeves: I tbink the electors wiil easily see that what takes place in confidence in the Cabinet, T could not state here, since it would he a breach of faith ; but this much I can say, that it is evident that that report must hi incorrect, since the Cabinet have never taken that point into con sideration. A Voice : Is the Divorce Bill retrospective, because I don't want to lose my wife ? (Roars of laughter.) Dr. Greeves : The Divorce Bill will not affect any man that stick to his wife, nor any wife that sticks to her husband. (Hear, hear.) An Elector : Would you, if a run supported 20,000 sheep, have it divided so that it should support 20,000 families ? ('Oh,' and laughter.) I mean 20 families; because 1000 sheep would make a man independent, whilst 20,000 would keep him like a prince. Dr. Greeves : I am in favor of a division of runs. An Elector : Did you not attempt to assist Mr. Ebdcn in the formation of a cabinet ? Dr. Greeves: Air. Ebdcn asked me to join his his cabinet should I10 succeed in forming one. (Oh, oh.) An Elector : Have you not tried to join every cabinet that has been formed? ('Hear,' and laughter.) Dr. Gref.ves : No. An-Elector: Would you put an end to the prac tice which has prevailed of wrongly describing land, such as describing good agricultural soil as stony ground, and stony ground as good land ? Dr. Greeves : If I 'found, nny officer wilfully and knowingly making such a misrepresentation I would dismiss him from his post. (Hear, hear.) _ In reply to several questions that were put to him relative to his connection with the Water Commission, Dr. Greeves said that I10 had per formed the duties of a Commissioner for a year and a half without receiving any salary, although the other members of the board were at the same time receiving £1000 per annum. At the time that he joined the Commission the whole of the great expenditure for the Af an Yean, which swal- ' lowed up tho £200,000 for Geelong, had taken place. An Elector : Will you support a Lien Bill for giving the workman lus wages independent of the contractor ? Dr. Greeves : Ye3. I supported Air. Barton's bill, rind I will support any other for the same purpose, but my own hands will be full, and I could not introduce such a measure. An Elector : Are you in such a position as to be enabled to support a measure for protection to native industry as a private member ? Dr. Greeves : Yes, and I will do so. In reply to some other questions put to him, Dr. Greeve* said that there were large tracts of valuable land which could n it be thrown open for selection for some time, because the Survey O (lice had deemed it advisable to delay the sur vey of such lands, since ha:l they been surveyed they would have been absorbed by capitalists.' An Elector : What about immigration ? Dr. Greeves: I thuik that, taking into con sideration the disparity of the sexes in this co lony, that a small amount should be voted to as sisted female inunigra iun, and I also think it will be desirable to import a few men here who un derstand trades with which we are unacquainted, such as tho making of wine, drying of figs and raisins, and the manufacture of olive oil. Air. BEitAN : Now, do you really think that your services to the State are worth £2000 a-year? (Great laughter. Cries of ' Yes' and ' no.') Dr. Gueevf.s : Aly salary is not £2000 a-year ; it lias been, considerably reduced by the pro3ent Alinistry. A Voice : What is tho amout ? Da. Greeve3 : I believe it is somewhere about £1700 a-yoar. (A voice : 'Never mind, you get your cheque, and you'll be all right then, doctor.') The RaruaN'i.vii Officer : I think some 'of you must have had your dinner before you came here, and I wish you would let us go to ours. An Elector : Will you see that there is enough money placed on the estimates for the working the steam dredges on the Bar? Dr. Greeves : Certainly. An Elector: What size do you think the runs should be? Ought they to be tendered for, or let oy auction ; and do you reply as a minister or a private member ? Dr. Greeves : It is impossible to giv- an off ? hand reply to such a question. The size of tlio runs must depend on circumstances. As to the mode of lotting, I would let by auction, as I con sider we should deal with the public lands oswitli a man's private C3tate, viz., . make the best of them. (Cheers.) - -. ,, Air. Graham BF.nRV next came forward, and was received with loud cheers. He said he had come down there to fight abattlo of principle. In Alelbourne tho fooling was one of universal dis gust that the Alinistry had filled up the office of Lands and Survey with, nnd entrusted the carry ing out of the Land Bill to, one who had invari ably opposed all its most liberal provisions. (' Hear, hear,' and cheers.) It was felt that thoy should shew by the first election that took, , y place, that the country considered they had gono - too far and were determined not to submit to it.-' ?/';.? (Cheers.) They were no w placed in a very serious -. position. The question1 to be determined wns whether or not the country was to bo governed on principles truly democratic.' Was it by elect- iug mm of the Greeves stamp that they would satisfactorily determine that question ? ('No, no and cheers.) Dr. Greeves had told them that it had fallen to his lot to carry out llie Land Bill, but. . ' *' ? before he could do that, they would have to carry y him in. (' Hear,' and laughter.) He had y watched very narrowly tho passing of tho Land if Bill, and know that it was principally V I Dr. Grooves and men of his class that had disap- .«$$?'? pointed them iu having the Orders in Council '{f carried into effect, wh:ch would have given the V people the land* in reality, and' would not have u been a sham such as the present bill. (Hear T: hear.) When ho might have stood up like a man. to support the Alinistry in that constitutional course which they at ono time announced theiV^^jj':.^ intention 01 pursuing — iov mere i»;uuw ; it is confessed even by those who opposed it, that'^o^'V' it was a constitutional course,— lie abandoned.-^ '*V' them and opposed tho true interests of tho;Vj..\ country. ('Cheers,' 'oh, oh,' and intomiption.)..%^' ' The Returnixo Officer said that as thoy^; could get 110 eligible candidate there to come tor- ?- ward to represent tlieni, lie thought they might be courteous to those who camo from a distance (Hear, hear.) , , , , 4 Air. Bburv, continuing, said that he already l'elt quite at home amongst the people of Geelong, indeed he felt like one of themselveB. (Hear, hear.) Tlie question which tlioy had to decide was, whether they would be governed by the despotic oligarchy of the Upper House, or by tho real representatives of the people— tho Assembly. If they were to have democratic Government— the Upper House must be reformed, because it was not only upon the Land Bill, but upon every other material question, that the legislation of the Council was contradistinguished from that of tho Assembly. (A voice : 'Because they are squatters.') Certainly. ''.But looking at tlint faot, that they were squatters, would they send a man ^ into the Assembly who would support and encourage them? (Cries of 'No, 110. ) It there had not been traitors in tho Assembly— and traitors were the worst of foes — thoy would not havo been obliged! to have accepted such a Land Bill as tho one that was then the law of tlio land. (' Hear, hear,' nnd a voice :. ' The Eastern Market.') Well, he had spoken at the Eastern Market, nnd I10 was proud of having done so. Those meetings had been grossly misrepiesented, and when a notice of motion, for a vote of thanks to the police for thoir disgraceful behavior in tlie Parliament yard was placed upon the pap or, it was withdrawn by the Government, became they would not have tho question discussed. Tho question whether they should be governed by tho oligarchy of the Upper House or by the repre sentatives of the people included almost every other question of the day. (Cheers and uproar.) Tho Returnin'o Officer : Let me beg of you to conduct yourselves as men. Air. Bbriiv, continuing : One of tho most im portant questions affecting the colony was that of assisted immigration. He w is aware tli.it d'M peratc efforts wero bfiijg made in certain circlis a'ain to introduce a system of assisted immigration, but when they saw the distress already exisiing 1 in the colony he maintained it was most crutd to talk of ' bringuig other men out here. (Hear hear.) It was only upon the last day upon which Parliament mer. that u petition was presented to the Assembly, bv COS wam.ni piayLag for work for their im-h ri .b. 1 - keep their children from sl«rvuiT. ? !« ha:' :'lw:iy.s b?2:i ?.:i advocate of ):i. 11 j wA-i al;in-: t'.w ftwt in Mel bourne ts a^wwita t!i it principle, both in public mseting-s and through ths public press ; and hs was convinced that ths colony could not be truly pro.'psrous unless native industry and colonial manufacture were stimulated and encouraged. With regard to education — he was in favor of a truly national system. The rising generation must be taught to read and write, and also in structed in the elements of general information, and to do that, it was nccessary that the religious principle should be strictly excluded from their schools. Legislation had been delayed, and the country put to great expense bv the differences existing between the two Houses. As an instance, lie would refer to the bill for tlie abolition of State-aid to religion, which, though several times passed by the Lower House, had been always rejected by the Upper, and also to tlio Lien Bill, which though urgently demanded by the people and passed by their representatives, was rejected with contumely by the Council. .Popular government in tho colony at the present time was only a sham, and then, when a dead lock occurred, .the enemies of popular government pointed ,them out as an example of the failure of that principle. The failure of popular govern ment here affected the cause of progress through out the world, and they owed it to themselves to remove those obstacles which retarded its full and free development. (' Hear, hear,' nnd cheers.) Hitherto there had been too much centralization in Melbourne, and too much money lavished upon the public buildings in that city. He contended that if proper economy had been used in the Go vernment of tho country, they would never have been compelled to borrow that large. sum of money for the construction of their rail roads, which would for a long time remain as an incubus upon the colony, Dr. Gresvar. ha I said lu w.h a member of the Govern ment ; but lie (Mr. lierry) would like to know how 'long it v.M3 probable that Government would la-it : Thoy h:nl not the eonlidenee of the' people, and the manner in which Ihey ha I filled up tha last vacancy shouvd that tii.iy wjro receding more nnd more from the popular side. Therefore if m returning Dr. Greaves as their representative, they relied that they would have a member of tho Government to represent them, they were relying upon a broken reed; for whether Dr. Greeves was lpcted or not, tha present Ministry would last but a very short time : and then, where could the next Ministry he got from, but the two cotncrs of the House — the real representatives of tho people? 'With regard to the water supply, and the other local requirements of Geelong, he pro mised them that, if elected, he would do Ilia utmost to see justice done to them. (Cheers.) In answer to a number of questions that wero then put to him, Mr. Harry replied that he was in favor of the establishment of a mint, and a na tional bank of issue, which would break up that power which the banks exorcised so prejudicially to the general interests of the com munity. Ho was in favor of payment of members, believing that if the members of tho Legislative Assembly were not paid, they might as well at once abolish all their democratic insti tutions. By abolishing tho property qualifica tion, thoy had , practically assented to the prin ciple, 'because it was evident that a poor man could not devote his whole time to tho service of his country without being paid for it. (Hear, hear.) He was in favor of thnt constitutional liberty which their fathers bled for — tho liberty of meeting when they liked, -where they liked, and in as large numbers as they liked, to discuss a-ny or every political question. (Cheers.) And he -was able to prove that the Government in tended, and did bring about the late riot for the purpose of having an excuse for coercing tho people. The Land Bill as it had been passed was to a considerable extent a sham, and it was a still greater sham to place the administration of it in the hands of a man who had done his utmost to defeat all its most liberal provisions. (Cheers.) Mr. Nixon next addressed the electors, stating that he .should withdraw from the contest, as he had neither time nor money to do his duty to them as their representative, and lie knew if he! ? trusted to tho peoplo of G oolong to support him ho would be trusting to a broken reed. He did not. admire ail tho acts of Dr. Grooves. lie of course judged of him by what tho press said, and Dr. Greeves said the press misrepresented him, but ho had ob served that all public men in tho Assembly 'whose acts did not square with their professions.' in-, variably said tho press misrepresented', them. ('Hear,' and laughter.) Dr. G reeves, ho weVeV, had claims upon them (oh, oh) which they'' should consider. Ho was also a member of the Govern ment, and 'hail the power to servo thorn. ,! ('No,' and uproar.) Tho IIkti.'rni.vo Opfioru then called for a show of hands, which ho declared to be in favor of Mr. , Graham Berry ; only about 15 being held up for JDr. Greeves an :l 5 for Mr. Nixon. For Graham Borry there were about 200. A poll was then demanded by Dr. Giikuvks, and a vote of thanks having been accorded to the Returning Olllcer, the proceedings terminated. Make way for a hindepondent voter,' said n man nt n recent election in New Orleans. ' Why, my good man,' said tho cleric, ' it s not an hour since you deposited your vote at this very poll.' ' I knows it, I knows it,' said thi independent voter, ' but that 'ere was the Democratic ticket, this is the Whig.' 'But it you strive to vote twice I shall have you arrested.' 'You will, will you?' shouted the son of the sovereign people, ' then I says that if I'm denied the right of voting for tho Whigs, after goin' the whole ticket for the Democratics, there ain't no universal suffrage, that's all, it's a darn'd one- sided business take it all round.' A Hasty Dooi'on. — Some years ago a ship from Spain arrived in the port of Manilla. Among the passengers was a young doctor from Madrid, who had gone to tho Philippines with tho design of settling in tho colony and pushing his fortune by means of his profession. On the morning after ho I had landed our doctor sallied forth for a walk on tho pasco. Ho had not proceeded far when his at tentionwas attracted to a young girl, a native, . who was walking a few paces ahead of him. lie observed that every now and then the girl stooped her head towards the pavement, which ? was ?. Btraightway spotted with blood. Alarmed on the ? girl's account, our doctor walked rapidly after lier, observing that she still continued to expectorate blood at intervals as she went. Before lie' could come up with her, the girl had reach her home, a humble cottago in tho suburbs, into which she entered. The doctor followed close upon her heels, and summoning lier father and mother, di rected them to send immediately for the priest, as their daughter had not many hours to livo. The distraoted parents, having learned tho profession of llioir visitor, immediately acceded to his request. Tlie child was put to bed in extreme aflrrglit, having been told what was about to befall lier. Tho nearest pndro was brought, and everything ar ranged to smooth the journey of her soul through thep asses of purgatory. T'he doctor plied his skill to the utmost, but in vain. In less than twenty four hours the girl was dead. As up to that time the young Indian had always enjoyed ex cellent lieulth, the doctor's prognostication was rogarded as an evidence of great and mysterious skill. The fame of it soon spread through Manilla, anil In a few hours tho no wlv-ai rived physician wasjboleagucred with patients, anil in a lair way of accumulating a fortune. In tlio midst of all this, some one had tho curiosity to ask the doctor how ho could possibly havo pre dicted tho death of the girl, seeing that she had been in perfect health, a few hours before. ' Pre dict it,' replied the doctor, ' why, sir, I saw her spit blood enough to have killed her half-a- dozen times.'' ' Blood ! How did you know it was blood ?' ' How ! from the color ; how else?' 'But every one spits red blood in Manilla.' The doc tor, who had already observed this fact, and was laboring under some uneasiness in regard to it, refused to make any further confession at tlie time ; but ho said enough to elucidate the mys tery. The thing soon spread throughout the city, anu it became clear to every one that what the new medico had taken for blood, was nothing else than tho red juice of tho buyo, and that the poor girl had died from the fear of death caused by j his prediction. His patients now fled from him as speedily an they had congregated ; and to avoid the ridicule that awaited him, ns well as the in dignation of the friends of the deceased girl, our doctor was fain to escape from Manilla, and re turn to Spain iu the same ship that brought liim out. — Popular Jfhtori/ of the Seven Prevailing Narcotics of the World. 