THE PATRIOT P OUT. . Tm? Athenceum of March 2 has a notice of the life and works of Francesco Dall' Ongaro, con- cerning.whom tho reviewer thus speaks at the , commencement of his article :-Dall' Ongaro, ? the Venetian priest, poet, . playright, and jour nalist, the soldier of the Roman Republic and -aide-de-camp of Garibaldi, tbe editor of the .* Monitore di Soma, who wrote its last article in '49 with French bayonets gloaming at the jrint ing-office dooTS, and expiated his sins of patriotism by a ten years' exile, embodies not only in his .works but in his life so much that is characteristic of'his country and his time that the roughest ?? outline of them is suggestive of the strange and Storied scenes of - which they form a part." . We have not sufficient space for tho nine columns of print . which are devoted by tho Athenceum to a review..of the actions and writings of tho gallant and eloquent Italian ; but we Bub join the concluding portion bf the notice, making BO doubt that all our readers who admire true Soctry, brilliantly and vigorously written, will not elsy in making a further acquaintance with the author. For awhile, daring tbe gallant defence of Rome he (Dall' Ongaro) was one cf Garibaldi's aides-de ' camp, and when all was finally lost, and he had written the last article of bia journal with French soldiers surrounding the printing- office doors, he accompanied the people to make their last protest at the Capitol, and fled into exile, which lasted -. until .the liberation, of the Duchies, in April last, permitted him to return to Tuscany. Four years of his banishment wore spent in the . Canton Tïcïnô, where he published a volume bf popular songs, and engaged in other literary un- dertakings with some of his countrymen residing in Switzerland. Subsequently,. he delivered a course of admirable lectures on Danto, at Brus- sels; and, later still, established himself at Paris, where he wrote several dramatic pieces. The Italian translation of Racine's " Phèdre," in which Madame Ristori . appeared in Paris and London, is due to his 'pea, as well as that of Milman's " Fazio," in which the gifted artist obtained so signal a success two years ago in London. But it is still as the lyric poet, nervous and picturesque -as the Bong writer- elegantly tender or bitterly severe-dealing easily, alike with the silken plian- cies of his own Venetian didcot, or the - fiery cadences of pithy Tuscan-that Dall' Ongaro attracts bis countrymen's .warmest sympathies. -Good samples of his-peculiar.power are to be' found in several of hisClatest'published poems, written since his return from' banishment on poli tical subjects ; and so. far, of course, piece* de cir- constance, yet instinct with the heart-stirring and undying music of some of the old Jacobite songs. Take, for. instan ce, .« lae Phantom Volunteers," just published; at Mib> n. /. We .Béteçt, tbe "opening lines, in-which tbé poet describes himself as. pre- senting to Victor .Emmanuel in shadowy review the spirits of the heroes who have bled in the cause of Italy to reinforce" his living troops : Lo ! King Victor ! to tty presence I too bring a chosen band; Volunteers who will not fail thee Danger-proof in heart and sand. At thy trumpet-clang they come Newly risen from the tomb, As au flesh shall risa one day . Into judgment from the clay. Hount, brave hearts, and flu your places, For the roll-call has began ; ' . Let the King behold your faces, I trill tell the deeds you've dons ! From the farthest Alps to Scylla, For their land and for the right, Once they rose, and atrove, and suffered, T<> prsnerve that prophet-light "Which now roars and blazes on From the scaffold to the throne. And the Italian cities shakes ; "With the freedom cry it wakes. He then proceeds with a long and eloquent enumeration of his heroes, and rounds it off thus : Whether 'mid the flash of banners \- On the battle field they fell | Or, the sport of coward outrage, Perished in a dungeon cell ; Some struck down 'mid trumpet's clanging, Soma on shameful gibbets hanging ; King I what matters it to thee ? Each one died for Italy. Anon the phantom of the betrayed and broken- hearted Charles Albert crosses Che Bcone with picturesque power Hark yon phantom tall and gloomy, Following-my battalions now; What a brand of grief it weareth On its stern and lofty brow ; King! it clasps thee, liinb to limb, ?Tis Superea's hermit grim, Como to cleanse with blood the stain Of Novara's shame and pain. And King; Victor's charger feeling That strange bnrden oh bis back, Shivers, snorts, breaks thro' the squadron», Like an arrow on its track ; Where the ranks most thickly gather, Whirling headlong son and father O'er the plain in panio fear, As the fiend were in his rear ! Up, bold heartB I the signal's giren, For tho brave 'tis dawn of day ; And the Rubicon's behind os Dead and living I to the fray. Straightway the ghostly phalanx sweeps donn upon the flesh-and-blood warriors. Eaoh ghost mounts tip behind a horseman, and goads ltira with two-fold energy to the attack. As they drive madly onward, there comes a fine touch of pathos, put into the mouth of one of the dead sons of re enslaved and suffering Venice : Ugo Bossi'8 mournful spirit Cries to each who passes near it 'Neath a two-fold yoke we lie, Give us two- fold liberty ! While the Austrian oppressor "With his breath pollutes our sky, "While God's word is used to sanction Traffic in man's infamy, From Cenia' Mont to iEtna's slope, Freedom is a baseless hope. Brothers, on ! the monarch spake Italy is ALL awake ! It will be seen by the above quotations that Dall' Ongaro, like so many other Italian Repub- licans, has laid down all party prejudice in this last struggle for nationality, and honestly accepts the King of Piedmont for the champion of freedom, since better may not be. There is much that is good in a greusome episode in the latter part of the poem, in which a ghastly group of four headless spectres urge on the flagging energies of " the Gallic leader," sitting stiff and stem in his gor- geous stirrups, gazing after the on-rushing host ; but we prefer to quote the pathetic closing linos, in which tho poet wakens from his phantom re- view to the real daylight view of things : Rome !-and Italy ! where are ye ? Whither are my champions tledT O ye shapes of fevered longing ! O proud visions of the dead ! Fresher graves than these are making, More brave hearts lie round unwaking, Pope and King livo throned in state Italy exists not yet ! In his ".Garibaldi," Dall' Ongaro' strikes into a rougher measure, as befits the hero of the strain, whom he lovingly portrays as follows : He, when onr first cry of wrath was awaking, The pillars of Heroules passed at a nighs, Ho heard the glad uproar of voiees outbreaking, He aaw that men's arms were yet weak for the fight, And cried, " Rite undaunted, and trust you to me." Garibaldi-'tis be ! Fair Lombard hills, which the sunshine caresses, What sheaves of brave .hearts at his bidding ye bore ! "Up rose old Rome, with the helm on her tresses, Full armed in the might of her heroes that were, Kew Arnold, new Brutus to back up her plea. , . Garibaldi-'tis he ! Fnll of spirit, too, is the description of Gari- baldi's conquering course in the last campaign : Boused by his name, the old squadrons to greet him, Dashed first in file oo'r the Rubicán'» flow. Como, Varese, unarmed, rose too meet bim. One to six thousand marched on the fee, And whirled them like dust from the walli he set free. Garibaldi-'tis he I Post Montebello, away to Magenta, His is the name that can scare the great host, Even where he fights not,. his form in their centre Towers, a gigantio and awe-bringing ghost, Buch as the best of them shudders to see. Garibaldi-'tis he ! Eaoh monarch stares on his pale sceptred brother, Mute at the peril which threatens their plan. Hark ! they ask truce. They swear peace to each other ; Roth of them dread lest the will of one man Set Europe a-blaie again, friends tho1 they be. Garibaldi-'tia he ! Never will Austrian truces nor treaties, Drive ber straight back to the Alps whence she came. Up, brave cbief of Piedmont, and erv to the «¡ties, The Tuscan, the Lombard, " Rend piecemeal for sharao Tho treacherous terms cf a shameful decree.!" Garibaldi-'tis he ! In the last verse, however, comes ont the full bitterness of the Republican's heart, trembling lest the faith of kings bc found wanting : Fostered too long, the blind people's re'iance Fast wanes to a close and ia darkness mast fall. For treachery tames the proud squadrons' defiance. There is but one name-bot one man of them all The healer of Italy'» death-wound to be-f- .. ,. .,, ., Garibaldi-'tis he ! .'. A SENSATION PRKACBXIÍ IS PrnxiBÉtPHiA.-The Philadelphia correspondent of the New York Tribune writes:-"A perfect furore is prevailing among the churches, tinder the preaching and lecturing of a young Irish clergyman-the Bey. Grattan Guinness. He comes among ns to enlighten ' as as to the extent and power of the great religious awakening now in progress in Ireland, and to gather suoh contributions in aid of schools and churches for the poor Irish , as may be offered to him. He speaks with . wonderful fluency, clearness, and power. His descriptions of the Irish re- vival are so full, minute, and satisfactory, aa to aston- ish,our. people-at the marvelousness of the work. He bas been hère ft ve week», during which he has preached some sixty times, yet- the masses crowd in to hear him even more anxiously than when he began. Every Sunday he preaches three times, and every even, ir g during - the week. > Scaroely an advertisement of hs appearance1 is published, yet his audiences are tremendous. ' When tho' Sunday service begins at 3J o'clock, thYcbmetis packed fall, of people hy J. and when the iertico ii'ovei, hundreds-keop their Beats to be sure" of them' for the evening sermon, which concludes at 10 o'croclr, so that'tbey-aretin,'cbnrchl some nine hours. No auch enthusiasm has been witnessed since the days of Summerfield. Mr. Guinness bas been the means of again reviving the revival of two years ago, and numbera Lave been reached to conviction under ; his ministry. 