-.-WESLEYAN MISSIONARY MEETING..- . The annual meeting of the VVesl'eyan Missionary So-' ciety at Castieraaine was held In the Wesloyon chapel, on Tuesday, tho 13th inst. Tho Rov. Mr Rnstnn opened thajncetlng by prayer, and tho Rev. Mr Draper was ap pointed chairman. - The Chairman urged on the meeting the great im portance of their work, and tbe necessity of increasing exertion. He referred to the interesting ordinnnco of adult baptism, to be glvon to three of the Chinese. He regretted tiiey were not able to hold more direct commu- nicaUon with tuat numerous race, and paid a well merited culogium on Lconga Too, the Chinese missionary. The speaker In glowing terms described the vast opening presented by tho Holy Spirit in the work of evangelizing the Chinese, and urged tlio Church to dedicate them selves afresh to tho mighty and noble task of aiding to bring the benighted heathen to tlio knowledge of the truth as it is made known in Jesus Christ. The Rov. Mr Raston read tho report and stated that the operations of tho society extended to New Zealand, the Friendly, and Fiji islands j nud the Chinese in this colony. Several valunblo items of statistics and interest ing incidents were read from the general report. The Chinese mission in Castlemaine had been twelve months under the direct care of the Weslcyan body. Encouraging results had been found, and Leong a Too lias laboured diligently daily in visiting nnd teaching. Some of tlio Chineso have sought admission into tlio Christian Church, to the number of eleven, and have renounced idolatry. One of the Chinese to be baptised that evening is a man of considerable attainments in the literature of his own country. The financial receipts for Castieraaine were £64 10s, nnd for the district £158 12s. The Rev Mr Blamyiies moved the adoption of tho report, and the expression of thanks for the blessings and encouragements afforded by. the Divine Being, in doing which ne took a rapid survey of the present state of Christian missions, and remarked that, as God had placed the Chinese mission in their care, they were bound tocarryit on, and, when truly christianised, make them " Celestials " indeed j childreu, not of the material sun, but ot God's own Son. The resolution was seconded by the Rev Leong-a-Toe, Chinese minister, who took the opportunity of presenting a report of the progress of the Chinese mission— it lias existed for five years ; during three and a-half years which Leong-a-Toe has laboured among them — his hearers numbered 24,210: there had been eleven conver sions, seven of whom had been baptised by the Rev Mr Raston. We trust to be able to present this report in our next. The 476th hymn, on the baptism of adults, was then sung, commencing : — " Come, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Honour the means ordained by Thee," and the three Chinese converts presented themselves, the Rev Mr Draper superintending. The Rev. Mr Raston stated that' be had the applica tions of the Chinese candidates In their own hand writ ing, for admission to the church, and translations made by an eminent scholar in Melbourne, one of their own countrymen— and there was every proof tbat these docu ments were genuine. Tho confessions ol faith were read in English, and the result of a private examination of the three converts as to their views of Christianity. The former detailed their previous history, and tlio latter was exceedingly simple and interesting. When asked what they would do with their religion when they went back to China, they replied that they would never give up the religion of Jesus, but would teneli it their families. The baptism was performed' in the usual way, the three converts kneeling, whilst being sprinkled with water in the name of the Father, Son, nnd Holy Ghost. The three christians—" Ing-tye " or " brethren," were then addressed by Leong a Toe, in Chinese, and the impressive and most interesting ordinance concluded. \- The Rev Mr Raston moved the second resolution in favor of the Chinese Mission in particular, and prayer being essential for missions generally. He alluded to the great subject oi African missions, he had witnessed and assisted in during the ten years he had laboured in Africa tne baptism of ten thousand Africans. The African Mission presented a delightful subject for contemplation, and lie wished he could be a young man again that he might once more go out as a missionary. Mr Baker seconded the resolution, and it was unani mously adopted. The collections on Sunday and at the meeting amounted to 161 5s 6d. Miss Wilkinson's missionary lion which the year before last produced 10s, this year pro duced one guinea. The Sunday School children last Christmas collected the handsome sum of 201. The Missionary Society has voted £100 towards building the Chinese chapel, near the National School. The Chinese themselves have contributed £140 towards Its erection on the land already bought, and a list of subscriptions to the extent of £06 for that object, were announced, which we shall give in detail in our next issue. A vote of thanks was awarded to the Chairman, and the meeting closed with the doxology and prayer. 