METtiQPQLJTdX GOSSIP, (From the Liverpool Albion.) PABATMOUNT in interest to the proceedings parliament are still the doings of Pullinger, w! has done the Union Bank oat of upwards of quarter of a million. ït'waa thought he won get off scot free, though Scotchmen, the mt double-sighted of all Highlanders, were his on lookers: and overlook him they certainly di The chairman and one of the founders of tl Bank, and who and whose family and friends, n forgetting "the devoted Scrimgeour," have foul many a golden egg in that comfortable co sanguineous nest, and in other collateral ones tc is Sir Peter Laurie, the sage who boasted : would put down suicido, and vowed he wou -walk any day twenty miles to see a reform criminal. Very fortunately he wont have to ta so' long a journey to behold such a phoenix in t person of hts pet, the aforesaid Pullinger, who, was expected, would call upon the city Solon his west end residence, one of these days, ai consult with him as to the desirability of amendi the law which permits knaves to rob an establis went wherein they can provo a presumptive t partnery. It was vory doubtful if Pullinger cou be laid hold of under any clause of the Praudule Trastees' Act; and, if not, the chances we numerous in favour of escape. Formerly 1 could, havo been secured under the Jotnt-stoi Act ; but that is repealed ; and many wise nu .'of the east held that lie was consequently intac lt is with an eye to like contingency that tl Bank of England will not permit thoir employ .to"hold Bank Stock ; because, bting sharcholdei they would be partners, and might do what tin liked with their own, even when occasional mistaking tttttm for mewn. Hence the aniicip . tions of Pullingcr's acquittal ; at least on tl more serious charges. The words of the Fraudulei Trastees' Act, 20 and 21 Viet., c. 54, a -these :-" If any person, being a director, racmbe ^public ' officer of any body corporate or publ -company, fraudulently take or. apply for his ow use, any of the money or other property of sue Tiodj corporate or publio company, he shall I £U¡H"e of a misdemeanor." The words of tl Joint-stock Act, 7 and 8 Viet., c. 113, ai xheso :-" No action or suit by or against a publ company shall be in anywise affected by roast »f the plaintiff or defendant therein being .shareholder ; but thc same remedy may bo ha .in respect of any canse of action or suit whaievi which each shareholder or company might ba* 'had if such cause of action or such suit had arise with a stranger." This act is now repealed ; and it was assume ?that, if he ? bad not confessed, the meshes of n -other statute would be strong enough to captai tho- leviathan swindler, whoso exposure lu .prompted a glorification of the management o itself, and a touching appeal to the diddled shan holders on behalf of tho devoted Scrimgcoui whose: romantic credonce in the probity of th Robert Macairo of Princess-street had been s .rad. ly overthrown. How truly romantic tho credence was appears from this, that when, in th casual absonco of Pullingcr, who had ' forgetful]; -locked up both tho real and thc fraudulent Bank c England pass-books, instead of leaving the latte accessible as usual, Scrimagoour sent over ti Xiothbiiry, for mero form's sake, to know who was thc balance to thc Union's credit ; and whet he saw a discrepancy of a quarter of a million ai compared.-with Pullingcr's figures, he put it dowr to a mere clerical error, arid treated it as a gooi . joke against the lax book-keeping of the elderli Jemalc of Thrcadnoedlc-streot. Nay, on sending for Pulliriger he thought it n capital piece o ? pleasantry ;< but Pullinger soon showed him ho* blank was tho fun, aud made a clean breast of Iii empty chest. The horror of. i-'crimgeour ii ... describing ac tragic, with a good deal of tlx ; .comio ;-tho 'latter element being appreciable -exclusively by disinterested spectators; for it wai only a short "timo previously he was swaggering about tho impossibility of fraud in the Union, thc model?. bank, tho bank of tho model Sir Fetci Laurie and tho model Laurie family, directors o ' North British aud no end of assurance and othci \- -companies. ' The groat difficulty now will be tc prevent actions for recovery of the money losl »through notorious . and nndeniablo neglect ol -directoral duty ; tilt by no other means can thc .bottom bo got at of the ramified rogueries mic .duperies forming thc Pullinger frauds, especially the alleged Stock JCxchango complicities, Respecting tho lattor, thc less said now thc ?Letter, considering how much and much worse there may havo to bc said shortly. The frankness of the fellow's admission of guilt at the Mansior 'House yesterday encouragea the belief that he will afford every facility*for pointing thc moral of the old tale, namely, how one man may steal t horse .when another must not look over a hedge j bow 'little knaves are laid by tho heels, ano1 clapped on the treadmill, while large ones go OD ..their way «i-joicing to May meetings, and subscribe to societies for taking tho Emperor of Ashantee's r-Jiair out of curl, and tho cultivation of crinoline among the ninety-fivo undraped wives ofthat . polygamous potentate. Pullingor has hitherto passed for a somewhat exemplary .character in private lift;, being free from moro sensual vice. Thoroin he differs from other of tho late gigantic rascals,'' but not from Sadlier, of whom it could not be oven said what is known of Pullingor, that ho was fond of his stomach, a gourmand in food, a gournet in wine. It was ex- pected that, nt .yesterday's examination, oven this negativo praise would be shown to be .fallacious, and that lúa expenditure partook of the complexion of that of mnny of Jiis prototypes. Nothing of thc sort has thus far transpired in an accredited form. At thc samo time there are manifestly Absurd tales about his expenditure in tho Eedpath linc of luxury, articles of taste, vertu, and so forth. lt was said he had given largo commission for .pictures at Brunel's sale, described here this .day fortnight, thc proceeds of which, it may be as well to state, now exceed ¡£12,0^0. Other sales «fa like kind have been going on at the same place, Christie'*, all Uris and last week, the prices not being less probably than £20,000 in the aggregate. This day week, for instance, there was a salo of Mr. Ilcugha pictures, from Manchester, some of the prices being given apparently in very wantonness. Por example, a little thing of "Turner's, .some two feet square, Bambrough Castle, was put up at 200 guineas, the limit of *Jie-commission the auctioneer had ; whereupon a Mr. Pennell, said to be a Cottonopolis Croesus, bid £500, and it was forthwith knocked down, «here ie.'ng no other offer. If this sort of tariff ÍB kept up «¡th tho pictures nt the Royal Acadatay, which oppns on Monday, and of the private view of'which Ibo'papers to-day are full, our artists will soon each be sketching a millennium a piece of their own, _witli this portrait in tho foreground, largo as lifo, and not much less unnatural. Before speaking of the exhibition, it may not be amiss to say tjtot Holman Hunt's "Pinding of : Christ in the Temple" was taken some days ago , to RfiiB Nightingale, nt her present town re idence,. tho Burlington Hotel,; Cork-street, I where many a thousand cork baa been drawn at thc «spense of ilcrscjau ratepayers by 'Liverpool' Tow« Hall witnesses marjy a afcoal of turtle maâe lore to; and, in tho snape of venison haunches, more stags dispatched by veneatorial Dicky Sams than ever Jacques ruminated ripon in tile forest ct Ardennes. As the public ara aware, Miss Nightingale has been ail'invalid ever since her return from the Crimea, whence she has carried 'hither the virus of insidious disease, sa typical of the malafidea -in which tho whole credulity and connivance sham war and aggresive peace were conceived by en un-English British cabinet, and carried to a close by that Geeek ol the Lower Empire who enacts the role of a Muscovite satrap at the Tuileries as the never-to be-crowned Napoleon III. But though confined to her room, the indefatigable Florence, with i ! self- devotion that would have ensured lier can ouization in the days of St. Ur¿ula, has beer I incessantly toiling for the amelioration of thc corporeal ills that flesh is heir to ; and actively enforcing, in a thousand ways, those roost practica of all precepts whereof her Notes on Nursing art made up. .Being unable to go out of doors, and expressing a desire to see tho artist's renderingeol his pathetic and sublime subject, the picture wai conveyed to the bedside of the exemplary woman sp much of whose own lifo has been guided by tin text symbolized on the canvas-" Wist yo not thal I must be about my Father's business." Some- thing more than a singular coincidence, therefore, was in her longing to contemplate tho pictoria representation of the divine worker and instr act oj placed amidst the realities of the nover- changing East ; and as nothing could bc more flattering tc the prestige of the painter than this anticipative eagerness to see his handiwork, so could nothing be more confirmatory of the deservedness of hi: repute than the judgment of such a critic thal this performance is worthy of bim. Conspicuous from their absence, or by xnosl inadequate evidence of their presence, are several of the illuminative lights of other days in this year's gathering. Maclise is too intent on his heroic frescos, Waterloo and Trafalgar, in the Royal Gallery of the Lords, to meet his pictorial poors on the ordinary lovel of the *' lino j" and h's countryman Mukeady, is away. So aro Ward and Eastlake ; while in minature Sir W. BOBS, whose works form a large exhibition of themselves just now, at the Society of Arts, in the Adelph^ is dead ; and Carrick is reduced to colouring photographs, Thorburn having fors ikon his firsl love, and betaken himself to oil. The general publio will find that miniatures, beautiful miniatures, are almost turned out of doors ; architecture having shared much the like fate ¡ and nearly the same thing may be said of sculpture so far as the quality of the " stone ideal'' is con- cerned :-an aggregate of results truly tittillating to tho amour propre of a nation that will persuade itself it must begoing ahead in all things osthetical because its nowspapera t ll if, so. But, then, can there bc a doubt that in the homely, thc matter; of fact, and the coinmon-sense-able we are advancing? When Sidney Herbert, thc othor day, told the engi- neers that it would bc as well not to expend a thou- sand pounds on works that could be sufficiently con- structed for as many shillings, he was regarded as though an oracle had spoken. This year the hanging committee are applauded as if they bad discovered a new tint in the rainbow and tiie art of roprodacing it, becauso they li tvo found out that it is not beneficial to the effect of paintings to hang them out of sight. Accordingly, this sus pensatory junto are bedaubed with panegyric for having done away, for the first time, with ti e sky linc, that is, with the practice of sticking pictures CIOBO to a ceiling some thirty feet high, morely becauso their frames would fit there, and nowhere ¿Iso. So wonderful a reformation in this ago of improvement seems to liavepro-disposed all visitors who have yet got their noses within the privileged precincts to open wide the eyo of unqual ¿ad admiration of all things within scope of vision, anti to unloose tho tongue of laudation on all hands. Everybody has surpassed himself, which was the only thing left for him to . do, ns < he had surpassed everybody elso before. This is patticularly applicable to Lándsaer's "High- land Flood," wherein, on an area Iii feet by 8 tho largest he has yet occupied-he enacts all sorts of marvels in the animal magnetising line, translating sowi submerged sheep, cows, donkeys, pigs, and other wild fowl, into surprising natural curiosities, or curiosities of nature, rover which the pscado-onthusiasts rhapsodize without end, or without middle or beginning cither; for the matter of that. Liverpool Ansdell is likewise in great force with a grand gallery picture, most conspicu- ously placed, tho Lost Shepherd ;'' and in refe- rence to your local limners, it may be said that Westcott has three portraits, one a noble full length, in bis best manner, and no better tuanocr is there extant ; while Dawson's St. Paul's seen from the Hiver" might pass for a Turner, and a good one too, equalling tho samo artist's Westminster Palace now hung in the Speaker's house ; while Marshall und Oakes likewise have charming sub- jects congenially treated. But of these and other Lancashire witcheries more will hare to. be told another time. Somewhat of a local, ns well os universal in1 tcrest may bc said to attach tb O'Neil s picture, because of the occurrence-the wreck of the Royal Charter, 't he crowded deck of the.doomed ship, tho wild clements, the rock-bound coast, and tho conveyance of the rope asboro by thc Volunteer (hence the name) are delineated with a vividness that will secure a constant group round the picture. Perhaps tho most generally attractive " on the merits," as the lawyers say, will bo thc' Incident from the life of Maria Antoinette, by Elmore, who has a genius for the sanguinary dramatic. Next will perhaps be îlillais' tale of lore and war, tho Black Brnnswicker," (said to bo already bought for ¿51000 by Gámbaro*,) a superb piece of phosphoreaence for the large number who are enamoured of the phantasmagoric cxercitations of the Pro-Raphelitcs, though sober tastes shrink from the'papier mache glitter and glare of the colours and contrasts. A very effective affair, only less so than Iiis Derby Day of last year, is Frith's Claude Dnval-a whole chapter from : Harrison Ainsworth, but told in a dozen lines by Macaulay, from whose pen Frith's pencil has transferred it. Egg "Tames the Shrew" in a companion to his Brunel Shaksperean production lately noticed herc, Katherina being seated, tho make-believe violent husband having just removed the meat from before her. Among Grant's portraits are Sir W. W. Wynne and Lady, sub- scribed for at one shilling each by 12,000 admirers, as many as Fluellen or Owen Glendower could probably boast of at a time. Solomon's new version of the Bridge of Sighs-the Buioide of on unfortunate frailty from off Vauxhall instead of Waterloo, with tue drowned and ghastly corpse exposed under the light of a policeman's "bull eye'' before a party of masqueraders -returning from the Garden?, will provo a magnet with the million admirers of the horrible, being "moreover very^natural though very French, but on that ac- count all the more fashionable perhaps. The Misses Houtries manifest their uanal excellence in flower pieces that should carry away prizes at a Chiswick floral fete, if there is over .to bc an ex- j hibition cf the sort again, which the metropolitan j gardeners seemed to dés¿>a,irof till this week wli .n j their drooping spirits have» revived at the report < rain in the country, there being none here y< however. Not to extend these remarks into regular notice, which would be very irregular i Buch a place, it will suffice to say that anybod going to the Academy this year with modera! expectations, and disposed to be pleased wit mediocrity, leaving ont the sublime of it, will ni be disappointed. Country cousins should bear i mind that the best time to go, if they really wai to see the pictures, and not tho dresses of (1 Ldies looking at them, is the morning, meanir thereby not three o'clock p.m., but eight o'oloc a.m. The academy is the only exhibition opt thus carly, the directors being intent on the cantu of that mythical golden worm which rewards birt that are betimes upon tho wing in picking t vermicular crumbs of comfort. The real loadstar of the collection, in the ey of the multitude, became of the alluring them if not of th a treatment, though the latter isa mirable, is the Marriage of the Princess Boyal, 1 Philip, and which met with great praise at tl royal visit on Thursday, several of the origina being in the picture, and therein contemplate their " counterfeit presentments" with not unjusl fiable complacency ; for the painter has not bet too much of a parasite. While toning down tl Consort's pinquidity, he has retained a portline not altogether inconsistent with grandfather gravity, and has given him an expression of op; countenance that goes far, or at least should go f to counteract the cutting things Humboldt bi lately said of H.R.H.'a narrow-mindedness, ar which so many other people say, of course in whisper, of his narrowness in another sense, mea; ing a sordid one. Growing years are reputed 1 be accompanied with increasing partiality for pu suits which first led to Brougham christening hi: Archimedes, whsu the Lord Harry was asked the scientific Albert wasn't an'adcpt at the screw In matters of art these penurious proclivities ai developed in a stylo unpleasingly inconsistent wit the Medici-like credit ho is so anxious to keep U] and does keep np with tho public, though tl profession know differently, to their cost ; for "commission" is a subject not of rejoicing an gratnlation, but of condolence and commisoratio with all brethren of the brush, so far as the diret sterling results of tho patronage is concerned t the artist so honoured. Thc shrewdest and mot closo-fisted dealer that ever drove bargain in the: things might take a lesson from the accomplishe F. M. Our teutonic Mcccenas appraises tl market valuo of every element in his piotorii orders just as certain dandies about town used < do in thc last generation when they got clothe for next to nothing, because their wearing of thei advertised the tailors. A ry Scheffer got twenfr fold more for huxtering oi l Louis Phillippe, wt well knew the value of a penny, for be bad olte to earn one before he could buy a roll to brea his fast, than any twenty of our artists, Landsec and all his Noah's ark included, have derive from our court, which certainly doos not " hat boetry and bainting," as certain of our Gorma regalit s boasted of doing, but indulges the lov thereof by the most adroitly close-shaving cor tiivancos. Albert would have been our man fe tho French Treaty, and it is surprising that Glac stone, who is constitutionally thrifty himself, an knows how *e thrift doth follow fawning," did nc propose him. Assuredly the cunning and greed. Gauls would not have overreached him in the wa, they have done thc Unadorned One, who has si muddled matters that whereas Bull could former! got three francs in exchange for half-a-crotvn, h has now to pay bulf-a-crown for two francs, an another half-crown's worth . of puffery of tba imperial magnanimity, which permits this Bell picking of our own pockets for tho enrichment c anti reciprocating neighbours. . But what could tho Prince know of things mer cantilo ? There is nothing ho docs l't know ha money is to be made out of. To that sort o learning thcro is indeed a royal road, and lie ha foun i it out, and perambulates it with an cage continuity that should constitute him president o the Peripatetic Club, if thcro be such an association No danger of his being open to the reproicl iiguiiiSt Meehi of not being able to tell to a farthing tho profits of farming becauyo of imperfect book keeping. But that is all well enough ; and si may thc civil list curtailment, though an ex keeper of the sovereign's conscience has said it r. ilkg.il to put in tho privy purse what parliamon h<-s specified shall be o horwise disbursed. Wita is not BO well, however, is the ravivai of all sorta o feuda'eque seigneurial pretensions, dead and buriec since curfew timo ;-enforcing obsolete right o rights of royalty, and forestries, and foresboros and crown claims without end, in mines, water w»y3, and tho Siamese Twin ghosts of Coke upor Li) ttelton only know what besides'. It was son)« few, but only a few, of these circumstances thai were vaguely hinted at here the other day, whet speaking of the Duchy of Cornwall Bill being buniol through the Commons, iu an empty house, towards midnight, Mr. Disraeli ''happening" to ht so mysteriously present, and taking so lively an in- terest in the promotion of an obscuro government measure the real drift of which only some hall dozen " independent'' members had the least idea of. They dare not call their souls theil own, much less cry out ubaut their properties being affected :-in such fashion, for instance, as that at Falmouth, where to the chagrin of tho - Cornish . men, accustomed though they arc to sharp practice on the part ol the crown attornoys, the pressure bas been just put on to tho tune of some .£1800 for the " pri- vilege" of using the bed of the sea for a purpose of great public utility. But why doesn't some- body protest ? Fine talk. Where is the rat will bell the cat ? A tale is unfolded to-day by Mr. Morris Moore, writing from Milan, 03 to the consequences that await any one who shall dissent from any- thing suggested by anybody connected with that exalted quarter, indicated however distantly, or in however humble a capacity. Witnoss the wrath, quoth tho experienced Morris, that, combining " the ferocity of the middle age with the malignant meanness of this," has fallen on all who spoiled the job about Otto Mandler ;-the '' export" who was paid for scouring tho continent in search of tho risings of galleries, to bo bought by the British public at prices that would be extravagant for first-class works ;--said extravagance con ! trasting strangely ~ with the excessive frugality already adverted to touching all things pertaining to that cardinal point in personal arithmetic, Number One. These traits arc to bc regretted for divers roasons. They give rise to talk that is'nt agreeable-talk that isn't restricted to small eoandalmongering Boswells of tlie school of Mr. Judge, the Windsor eavesdropper, who inventoried, or perhaps int vented,.the alleged cheese-parings, and candle-end savings at the Castle-a repetition of the ignoble niggardliness which Gillvay ánd Peter Pindar have eternized in connection'with Queen Charlotte and her skin-flint spouse. But the sting of all that satire, however, was blunted at tho death of that careful couple, when it was'discovered that their reputed stinginess had- resulted in no accu- mulations/and left "no effects :" nor had there been any appropriations worth talking: of during life. Still'tuc stories, ind Ute usc made of them, did 1 rauch to profane thc divinity that should hedge a king. Prodigality ia ono thing, but the opposite I extreme -is another. It is perhaps even less easily excused in a true prince," with whose very being one instinctively associates liberality, and has no desire to see him in youth take up with the good old gentlemanly vice of avarice, " all wise housewife saws to the contrary notwith- standing. Meanwhile, the community at large have reason to rejoice that, sunned bj the considerate countenance of royalty, merit, in a thousand shapes comes to light, and is nurtured afterwards into health and vigour by the public, let grumblers grumble aa they will, and es (hey do, about stinted pecuniary encouragement from the supreme fount. 