TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS. ? 9 Fire in Su86ex.btht.et. — On Saturday evening last, a little after eight o'clock, Borne boys playing at the extreme southern end of Sussex etreet, observed flames issuing from Mr. A. Cooper's wine and Bpirit store, an extensive range of buildings the last on the western aide of Sussex-street, The fire lasted for about an hour, and it is somewhat singular that the whole of the damage was confined to the upper story of the store, in which the fire commenced, and from the large quantity of inflammable material that story oon tained— hay, straw, old cases, cordage, &c.; — it was astonishing how the floor, which is composed of red pine boards, should have escaped being burnt. The principal loss sustained was from the destruction of a large quantity of valuable furniture, the property, we believe, of Mr. Lord, who is alBO the owner of the stores, and which had been temporarily stored there. Its estimated value we have not been able to ascertain. The pre mises ate insured in the Imperial Fire Office for £1600, and the contents of the store in the same office for £700. The roof, which was of galvanized iron tiles, is completely destroyed; and to the fact of itB being so composed, is attributed the cixcuinEtance that so little damage was comparatively done, as the strength of the roof, to a great extent, kept down the force of the flameB. The flooring has also to some extent been charred and injured. TJnivbhsity Appointment.— At the late monthly meeting ef the Senate of the Sydney University, Mr. Edward Reeve was appointed to the office of Curator of the Museum of Antiquities in connection with that institution. Mr. Reeve has been known for eome years pastas a writer for the metropolitan Press, and is the author of a comprehensive Gazetter of Central Polynesia, a pamphlet oa Collegiate Education, an Historical Tragedy, and other contributions to colo nial literature, Rutherglen.— The Murray Gazette says :— Wah gunyah is very prolific in new leads, sixteen are now announced as having been discovered, one of which is on the edge of the sold ground, near the Young Wahgunyah Lead. The prospectors report a prospect at 5 dwts. 24 grs. to the tin dish, at 120 feet sinking, and they propose to call it Sailor's Gully Lead. There is room for three claims. The second in point of priority has not been named. It was discovered in a gully north-west of the Robert Burns, and between the Eureka and Clyde Leads. The depth of sinking is 130 feet, and the dirt will average about 2 ozs. to three loads. The third new lead is immediately below the Star Hotel, it has been christened the Garibaldi Lead. The prospectors bottomed at 160 feet, on two feet of washdirt, which prospects all the way through half-a-pennyweight to the oil-can. They are still on the dip, and anticipate heavier pros pects in the deep ground. The fourth new lead since Wednesday morning has been called the All England. It is about half-a- mile north of Rutherglen. The depth of sinking is 180 feet, and the prospect half a pennyweight to the tin dish. BALMAIN REGATTA. - Upwards of twenty members of the committee assembled on Thursday evening for the purpose of hearing the evidence touching the fouling between H. White and R. Green, at the late Balmain Regatta. The whole affair was conducted in the most impartial manner ; the several evidences being given in the presence of the two men, who thus had the opportunity of putting such questions to the wit nesses as they thought necessary. The examination lasted until ten o'clock, and so closely tallied in almost every point, that but one conclusion could be arrived at, and the committee were unanimous in pronounc- ing R. Green guilty of fouling H. White. A resolu- tion was then put and passed, that R. Green be fined £10, such amount to be handed over to H. White ; and that he be disqualified from entering for the forthcoming Anniversary Regatta unless the fine be paid. Railway Idiosyncrasy. — ' A Working Man ' writes : — Wishing to give my family a day's fresh air, I irent tCLlhe -Sjulnfiy.-P*»l«s»3» .Station to aBPftrtftin - the different fares, &c.; There were only one or two .time bills, and -at the botttom you were referred w some bookseller in George-street, instead of having the time tables and rates cf font published in the newspapers every month, and lists stuck up at all the post offices in the suburbs. Is it possible for any one to be surprised the railway does not pay ? were it under private management the lesult would be very different. Bazaae it Newtowk.— With a view to the liquidation of the debt In the new Wesleysn ehnroh at Newtown, a bataar was opened on Tuesday in the adjoining tehoolroom. The stockin trade, at is usual on sunh eooasloni, wai of the most varied description, comprising paintings, engravings, toys, tapestry, and a large number of things generally included in the very compre hensive term 'fancy work.' The many articles— useful and beautiful— exhibited for sale evidenced the taste and industry or these ladies who hate given eo muoh of their time to reader the etallt attractive. Clothing for the riling generation was soppli d in great abundance, and, being made to wear, and not merely to ?ell, a portion of it was readily disposed of at a reasonable price. Bnt for the unfavourable state of the weather, no doubt a large ?ale would have been effected. In addition to articles generally the farm yard— the idea probably being that some of the visitors, while providing beforehand a Christmas dinner, might at the ' same time do something to relieve from debt a noble building - erected for rhe worship of the Giver of all good things. But the rain fell, and the poultry outride were left to plume themselves at their leature. The schoolroom, which was very tastefully decorated with tuwat and foliage, was crowded during the after soon. Owing, however, to the dullness of the morning and the .eneislnre of the evening, the receipts are of -ourae not eo large u they might otherwise have been. Ihe banar will be opened again to-day at noon. Apart from its object, it is worth a visit, iwie in eome respects equal to that held aome months ago in the temperance Hall. A band was in attendance during.the daj, and the performers did their beet to counteract the depressing, in. - vflajecce«f. the weather. ......' . ??: - ? : . Fins— Dr. Sesmann, commissioned by. the British Government - 'to explore the Fiji Islands, arrived on Tuesday by the Biaghound. \- Bis opinion of the capabilities of these islands is very favourable, -*ad tberesesme every probability that they will be added to the Dosser Stan* of 4be Crown. . ' - ' ' ? .. Lahoe Buck Shake.— Mr. A. Davy, of Harrington Park, has forwarded the following aoerant of n narrow escape from one of ' this clam of reptiles. He says, under daw the 11th instant:— Having been out op the grounds and ntumlne- towards the nonse, I wat net by my daughter, Etty, who appeared pale and terrified ; she said she ana htr little eister had been into the garden to cut some lettuce ; that when in the act of stooping with the knire, a very large black snake glided from the spot, which had petrified them both with terror. 8he said it was as thick as her arm and of great length. I immediately ran to the place, picking up on the way a thick stick, accompanied by my son. After a long search for the replile in Tain, we were reluctantly returning towards the house, when, half-way from where it was first seen \- andthehesse,on some trenched ground, recently planted with orange treei, the monster was again caught sight of, and, after a emart chase, was at last dispatched. It was the largest black snake I bed ever seen. Its head appeared rather small, its body thickening from the neck towards the centre, and again eight or ten inches horn its tail, tapering off to a point: 1'. was thoroughly scaled from nose to tail, and measured full fix feet in length, and six Inches in circumference. ?Writs Bmtjkmeb.— Writs have been returned to his Excellency certitjtag the return of the following gentlemen to serve as members or the Legislative Assembly, for the electoral districts - specified in connexion with their respective names :— Bathurat, James Hart, Esq. ; Bratdwood, Merlon Morlarty, Eiq-; Eden, Daniel Eg-an, Esq.; Goulbum, Charles Hamilton Walsh, Eiq.; tic Upper Hunter, the Hon. John Bobertson, Esq. ; the Murrain bidgee, William Mscleay, Esq.; Faddlngton, John Sutherland, E»q,i Parramatta, John Lackey and James Byrnes, Eeqs. ; East Sydney, the Hon. Charles Cowper, Henry Parses, John Ualdwell, atd Robert Stewart, Etq.; Gold-fields North, James Hosklns, Eaq. ; Gold-fields South, John Bowie Wilson, Esq. lireOBDKLt Aiskucuau at tbe MutKeT whist.— An - In habitant of this locality wishes, (through the Herald,) to call; the attention of the police authorities to an annoyance to which the residents at aa.d near to the Market Wharf have, for some time pact been subjected, viz., the nightly assembling together of a number of boys, who usually keep together till ten o'clock, and sometimes later, shouting, throwing atones, and making use of the most shameful land disgusting language. The writer adds:— 'On the last two Babbath evenings a fight has been got up between some of these boys— » number of men, to their Discredit be It told, standing by and encouraging them. On such occatione the police are in request, but they are scarcely ever to be Men on the wharf. Moaai.— A gentleman of Maltland has favoured us with the flcht of a letter describing the effects of a fearful hailstorm, which raged at Mcree and Its neighbourhood recently. The writer lives some twelve miles from Moree, and says It was not felt at bis nation. His letter is dated December t. He says :' We had a f ear *nl hailstorm in this neighbourhood the other day. It killed thirty ewes and lambs at the BB station, and knocked one eye out of about twenty strong ewes : it was the poor ewes that were kuiid. I hear that about 100 of Mr. Lloyd's sheep wen killed, ?a well as one of the shepherd'a dogs, and hundreds of wild ducks and cockatoos. I saw the blanks getting them in scores, dead. . Ihe hailstones, the shepherds say, wef about the else of a ten's «*g. At Moree it took the roof off all thetaouaes.-Maltlanu BawA&n; foe SusosuLi SravHats.— Mr. G. Thornton (whose . eon was one of ihe party in the boat whleh was oapaiMd near the Beads on Saturday, the 1st Instant) has transmitted, through Mr. North, a letter expressing his thankfulness and gratitude tor the services of rab-iaspeotor Ferris and his boat's crew, whereby ttrt youths-were rescued from a watery grave. The letter was MCompasMd by a reward of fifteen pounds, to be distributed among the crew of the police boat. A Ji« -aown» » Namoi.— The body of a nan was found lying across the branch or a tree, situated in the water. Then were twelve nun present, who all thought he was accidentally drocnid. He was supposed to be a man who reported himself ? servant of Mr. John Eckford's, was about 6 feet 6, Inches in height, had on a white shirt and moleskin trousers, but the body was to AfCompoKd that more eonld not be made out. He was bniiH) o» the banks of the river where he was taken ont. JH- BB0.-eir Frederick WlUlam PotUnger, Bart* has been ?MOtntrd registrar of births, deaths, ana marriages for the dl» ttW ot Dakko, mt Job* Bwlly, lit., deetated. BiBNty G»MB»s-uai.-A meeting of the OTneral com. mtitee of 'he Gjmiiailum was held on TtKsday after noon at the Town Hell-Dr. Woolley In the ohair. Dr. Fouoart read the report as to the apparatus, drawings of which be exhibited. The eontiderauon of the report was deferred to a Mure dav. It was then moved by Mr. Mac Donnell, seconded by Mr. Klnloch, that the etcretarv and trea surer be empowered to proenn an advance of £IW from the bank, for the purpose of erecting the apparatus. Tbi« resolution having been unanimously agreed to, the meeting adjourned till Friday ntxt, the Hlh lnstanu Bombay Scnooi Ahmvmsaiv.— The services in connexion with the Congregational Church, Boarke-street, wen held on Sunday last, when rermons were preached by the Ber. Messrs. Kent, Irtnelde, and Vetch. On Tuesday evening, arier a social Ma me, ring, the annual public meeting was held, and an interesting report of the operations of the past year was read by the secretarr, Mr. William Field. After which suitable addresses were delivered bytheBev. Mersrs. Catbbertson and Vetoh, and also by Messrs. Pottle, Brbinson, and Fairfax. The report ehoned considerable progress over the previous years. ArwciATioN roa the 8ihtues:on op Cattm Steaumo.— A meettnr of the committee of the above Association was held at the officer, on Wednesday. Mr. Arthur Hodgson, the president, In the chair. The following gentlemen were present : Meiers. Raymond, Iceley, W. F. Buchanan, Cullen, Tooth, Chanvel, and M'Lean. A very glaring case of oaltle stealing in the Ceoar Brush, Scone, was brought under the notice of the committee, and it was resolved that a letter should be written to the Bench of magistrates at 8oone, with a view to carrying out . Iheprovitlone of theSlh rule of the Association relative to rewards, and offering the assistance of the Association In prosecuting Che pertlts already committed for trial. Several new members have joined the Association since the last meeting. The committee adjouraed until the Mth instant. Covets or Qvaetee Sibeioks toe 1861.— Proclamations appear in Friday's Government Gazette, authorizing the holding of Courts or General Quarter Sessions, at the pisses and on the dates specified as follows, vie. ! At Sydney— On Mon day, the 14th of January; Monday, 16th February; Monday, 4th March; Mondsy, .22nd April; Monday, Seih nay; Monday, 17th June; Monday, lith July; Mondsy, 19lh August; Monday, 2nd September; Monday, 21st October ; Monday, 18th November ; Monday 16th December, 1861.— At Balhurst,25th February, and Monday, 17th June. 1861. At|Uudg«-On Friday, Sth April, and Friday, Sth July, 1861. At Wellington— On Tuesday, 9th April, and Tuesday, 9th July, IS6I At East Meilland-On Monday, the 4th February, and Monday, 6th May, 1861. At Port Mscqunrle-On Monday, Jltb March, 1661\. At Grafton-On Monday, 15th April, 1861. At Singleton —On Tuesday, :6th May, 1861. At Mnswellbrook— On Monday, 3rd June, 1861. At Scone— On Monday, 10th Jane, 1861. At Tamworib-On Friday, list June, 1861. At Armidale— On Mon dsy, 1st July, 1861. Gold fsov thi Wajueb-awat Creek,— The other day, Mr. Futtcr, ef Bungonla, rnoight into town a fine nugget of gold, ob tained by a men named Mathews at the Wathed.away Creek. He was offered £7 for it, bnt not feeling satisfied to take that amount he had It melted down at the establishment or Mr. H. 6. Clarke, and yesterday sold it to Mearrs. 8. Emannel and Son. The weight of pure gold was 21 ots., and the price obtained was £S 9s.-Gouleurn Herald. Acciexh»l Sum or a Chiid.— On Friday the infant ehild of Richard Camman, navvy, rending at Blaok Creek, aged one year and eight months, was accidentally killed from a fall. An inquest was held on Saturday. From the evidence it appeared that on the day named, the mother had put the child into a cask that was placed on a wheelbarrow, for the purpose of fetching water from the creek. The easkwas tied by a slight piece of clothes line, and on the barrow being raised (the child leaning at the time over the !««*) the cord broke, and the cask and the child fell to the greund. The child was instantly carried into the tent in an insensible state, and Dr. Street sent for, who at once pronounced the case hopeless. The little sufferer aoen after became convulsed, and died about five o'clock. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental deat*.-Maitland Mercury. Sr.Kn.io.DiN Elictiok.— It will be seen by this day's issue that Mr. Hay is to be opposed for Denlliquln. We can hardly think that the friends ol the opposing candidate are really serious in their movement*. No one weuld stand the ghost of a chance against Mr. Hay under ordinary dmmstanees, but as a political apathy is proverbial among the sqnatters in every part of this colony, we would beg to eall the attention or the electors or these districts to the necessity for action, in order to ehow to the people of the colony the esteem in wmch Mr. Hay is held. Even nun should be pelled, and the squatters themselves should see to this. IT they neglect doing eo, they will give their opponents an oppor tunity of making a demonstration most damaging in its character both to their interests and those of the public. We thought at first that the opposition was a men Joke, ana we believe that as neb it was originally intended ; but we see by our advertising columns that Mr. WUloughby means to continue a contest wnion at any time wonla be hopeless if not ridiculous. Democracy Is making fearful strides even in these distant parts, and it Is high tine to take some steps in favonr of forming a pastoral colony in tie Interior which will counteract the evil effects inherent in our electoral act We again warn the settlers and others against apathy, if only to show Mr. Hay that we cannot allow his many years of faithful and able eervloes to go unrequited.— Pastoral Times. Gold News.— The quartz reef Bt Avisford, which has been worked by two parties.for upwards of six months has now been tested in the Pioneer Company's Machine, one or King and How land's Patent, of twelve clampers, lately erected— about a docen parties had worked on this reef for a short time after its being opened, bnt only the two referred to stuck to it—there belns; no prospect of having the quarti crushed was a sufficient discourage* menu The reef has continued narrow, generally only six or eigUt inches In width, and the stone baa of course been raised , with difficulty, The quenttycrriineq.br one ofthe .pa»u-«,iwi- . nea um y, consisted of twenty-seven tons, which produced 71 osa. - inane pounding it; tliey kept an exact account, whleh showed 1M ots. procured in this manner, thus nuking the total 201 ozs. 3 dwts. for the twenty-seven tons or 70 oas. to the ton. They calculated that the two of them can raise a ton a week. The other party about ten days ago had their lot crushed, it consisted ortweatyions, and yielded 41 oss.; they had treated their quarts in the same manner, pounding out all they oould, not having any prospect of getting it crashed. Ae they seemed not to have kept any account, the whole amount cannot be ascer tained.— Mudgee Newspaper. THEFnrr atDeniijqoi'.— The lease of the does to be collected at the ferry across the Edward Biver at Oeniliquln was, on Wednesday lost, put up to auction by the Bench of Magistrates hut only one bid of la. (from Mr. Taylor, of the Boysl Hotel), waa obtained, and the bidder being called noon to find two eurettes in the sum tf 2s. each, declined doing so; consequently the matter lapsed. The above fact is a good reply to the malicious reports ol busy whisperers, who would, if they could, spread an unfavour able Impression abroad with respect to the new bridge, whleh is fan drawing towards completion-— Pastoral Times. Ai»6FORTE«VoiEi-Ts*as — The rifles for the two companies . of the Northumberland Volunteers arrived on Wednesday, at the respective depots. We understand that there are ISO rifles for each company, with bayonets and accoutrements oomoleie. The weapon is the long Entield of 1859, a three- grooved rifle, with the wood of the stock extending nearly to th* muscle of the barrel, to which it Is firmly hound by bands, or rings tightly screwed beneath. The rifles are sighted up to M0 yards. The bayonet is triangular in section, ana deeply fluted; ana when attached to the barrel projects eo far to the side as not to interfere in susy way with the sight. The rifles and their fittings an finished witn neatness and extreme accuracy, and each one is numbered. The weight of each, with the bayonet, is about tea pounds.— Mercury. Sihhee » the Hon. Jokw Bouavsoii.— On Friday evening, at half-past seven, a number of the friends and supporters of this gentlemen assembled at Mr. A. Johnstonels haul, fisone, to welcome the Hon. John fioberteon to a dinner which they had pro vidid,and which the hon gentleman consented to partake of. \- Dr. BusMll was reeved to the chair, supported on bis right .% most profuse and r«l»i1tf itmlftlm-^tt obalrannpro posed the -.health of the. Queen, tne Governor-OemraL and . lastly, the health of the Hon. John Eobertsoo, which wat Tanuik most enthusiastically, and responded to brlely by the turn. ? gentleman, cwnisint his thanks for the kind manner be had . been treated by all the constituency, and the aignal triumph achieved that day— again assuring them of Us devotedneea to tie country's good, and de;ermlnatlon never to flinch from the work before him in Parliament, till he had accomplished all that the people desired with regard to throwing open the public lands, &t;,;Mr. Bobertson eat down amidst great cheers. Next followed la the order of toasts 'The Army and Navy,' 'Pastoral and Agricultural Interests of the Colony,' ' The Press,' ' Lady Detlson and the Ladles of the Colony,' ' Mrs. Bobertsen miA Family,' ' Glorious minority of 19,' ' Host and Hostess,' - ' The stewards,' to., fa., all of wbich wen responded to by some very able remarks. The chairman called upon the assem bly to drink success to the Bobertson-Cowper Ministry, which was replied to by Mr. Bobertson, speaking in glowing terms of the talents ol Mr. Cowper as a statesman. Harmony was then the order or the evening, wblch was kept up till a late hour— every one present feeling at the breaklng-up'satisfied of baring enjoyed themselves beyond measure. The weather remains the same as last report— dry and windy. It has been threaten ing for rain during the last day or two, but up to the present timekeepeoff. Ibeheatoflhe sun's rays has been at times intense, proving rather trying to the kitchen gardens and orchards ; a moderate fall of rain is greatly wanted. Heaping and thresh ing going en vigorously.— Maltland Mercury. Dinnxe to Mb. Aanou-.— A dinner was yesterday Riven, by the electors of Paterson, to the Hon. W. M. Arnold, at Mrs. Broderick's inn, Fiteraon, where shortly after seven o'clock p.m. about thirty gentlemen, including eome who bad come from a considerable distance, sat down to do justice to the many nod things provided. The chair was occupied by Charles Reynolds, Esq., of Tocal: the vlce-obelr byj. M'Cormack, Esq., both of whom ably fulfilled ihe duties assigned them. The cuMeoary loyal toasts were given and responded to in an unusually warm manner, followed by the toast of the evening, 'Oar honorable guest, W. M. Arnold, Esq.,' which was received with the greatest enthusiasm, aud responded to by that gentleman in a long and brilliant epoch, abounding in wit, learning, and ability. Many other toasts were given and replied to, and the Prceei dings did not close until a late hour, having been marked by order Bnd the best of feeling.— Maltland Mercury. Woman Drowned in a Watesholx bt hee Husband.— Writ, ing to the Border Post, on the Wth ultimo, the Wangsratta oor reipondent of that journal aays .'-Information was brought into town by Mr. Macartney, en Tuesday evening, that a man named William Smith had murdered his wife by drowning her in a waurhole in Maloney's Creek, near Oiley. The police started out immediately and arrested the man. The body of the woman was recovered on Wednesday in a state of nudity. The water was only about four feet deep. It seems that Smith had been working for some time at Claney's pnbUc-hoiue ; that he had a quarrel with his wife on Tuesday morning, and that she left him Intending to go to Waniantts. Be went after her, and was sees in her company about five p.m., when they wen quarrelling Bear the oreek, shortly after he rushed up amongst the farms, saying that abe had drowned Her* aelf, for he had found all her clothes by tha slue ef tbs creek. He Km ststed that he had not seen her sinoe 8 o'elook that morning. ; The body of deceased and the prisoner wen brought into town on Wednesday evening. Next morning the prisoner was bromrbt W- at tha Police Conn, and remanded till Saturday. The name The EoowoiCAi. Gaedenb, saELBOBwrav-The Argue of «th instant states that there have been aome recent addlSone to the zoological collection, Inducing two mocklSbireefrom ladll! which, though not equal to Ue inooUna birSd TtouthAmwriet fc' tcme surprisingly ImluUvT^owers; and aboutTdaS English squirrels, which arrived by one of the last ships. Some of these Dr. Mueller propmee to set at large on tie ranges. There is now a dtae colony or young pbtasams. TheBUto squirrels have had a Utter ; and tie recent birth of* spotted deer hassUllfartoei 'augmented the live nook. The thrushes and marling, which came out from England two monKs ago nave vkiV*1 liome?* plom*B*' kti *fft' *° * *''* t*WBcUcd w 