how harry dickson won his ," wife; It is -just forty-five years since my education was finished at Mrs.. Middleton'a seminary for young ladies, the most genteel .school in our part of Hampshire, where we learned reading, writing, and needle- work, polite behaviour, and the country dances. I was seventeen, land the eldest of ten children. My : father's farm was but a small one, held on lease from our rich neighbour, Farmer Dickson, theprincipal man .in' our parish after the squire; He had two farms leased from him besides, roy father's, and ulargo one which he tilled himself;1 kept a re tinue of men and1 maids,' did tbe best ploughing, turned out the finest cattle, and made' a vast deal of-money by his dairy. 1 His wife had died beforej was born, and his house was kept in prime order by the youngest of his. aunts, Miss Millwood.: -He had neither--son nor daughter but Master Harry, whom everybody thought a sensible, handsome young man, and not half so purse-proud as his father. Being our landlord and next neighbour) he took'agreat interest in hs.:, ,He said .the family .was too, large for: my father and mother without advice , but provid ing for them1 was their chief .difficulty , /and when they heardthat'a distant relation, of -his) Mrs. Williams-of the Golden Sheaf, wanted a well-brought-up girl, not .as a servant, but to help, in . the .hbuse?keeping, they thought -it might be agood situation for me. - 11 1 - To fftll f.Hn wVmlo fKprft nrinf.lipr reason for .niy. going. . Before - I left - school Harry- Dickson had begiin'to pay me atten tions ; - not that I encouraged him much, but he would come after, me, and it did not please his father. The old -man thought his' son should look higher than a poor farmer's daughter ; . and my parents, having a" good bit of pride, .were just as angry when they come to know of it'. My father said -he hoped no /daughter of his would ever tempt a young man/to disobey his father. My mother said she hoped I had more spirit than to wish to marry, into a family, who did not think us 'good enough for them. ! Of course my- father and mother iWere right. I gave Harry back his ring, but, it was after a good deal of crying. -He gwore;he would never marry anotherwoman, ' though his fa? ther should disinherit him ; and to let Farmer Dickson and the whole country, see that we weUe not set on trapping his son, it was settled that I should go to Mrs. Williams. My father went one day to consult her,: and when all was settled he look me and my trunk respectably in -the'London coach, which then passed through Ciatford,' our village, and stop- ped'at the Golden Sheaf. For a country: inD, the house was large and handsome. .It! had every convenience of yard arid stabling, a good garden, a fine orchard; and some hundred acres of corn and meadow land. It was situated.', .on the highroad 'where Surrey ;.ahd Hampshire meet. The ground was highland from its up per window one could see many ' a mile along the road and over the country. Stage coaches and, -carriers' wagons stopped ' there ; so did hunts and travelling gentry, corn and cattle dealers on their way to London, farmers. to and -from the market towns; and all who came) or! went spoke well of the good housekeeping/ the fair dealing, and the general civility of- Mrs/ Williams. ' 1 ; She was a tall, thin; woman,, upright,- active,'1 and 'still 'handsome, .though bordering on sixty.; Her -black hair was but thinly sprinkled' with; gray. She had a good deal of the gentlewo-' man in- .her manner -; always .wore a black tabi-l net1 gown,- a tamboured apron, and a cap 'of Nottingham laoe) whioh was fine enough in' those times. But there was something: in her look 'both stern -and rigid that-it made one care-1 ful of- one's ' doings before her/.'. Her story,' which we had ' heard in private ; from-. Farmer: ' Dickson, yn both sad and singular. ) She had; been brought up iu a respectable country inn of . the.county of Cornwall, and'inarried'a rich far-1 mer. - He left her early a widow, with an only daughter.' " She managed the farm we.ll> how-, ever, and was a prosperous woman. Herj" daughter grew " up a beautiful girl ,' and the! mother's heart' was wrapped up in her ; but the, son. and heir .of a neighbouring squire induced! her' to1 elope with 'him, and 'marriage into his- high family was not to be thought - of. Mrs.: ; Williams was a woman .of high spirit, strict and; proud/' - It; was said that the . poor girl never! diired to'let it be known where ! she lived, for tear -ot ner . motner, ana tne squire s son re-; mained abroad'. But. the old woman would: ,not. stand the -disgrace;: she sold house and: farm, left that part of -the country; bought' the; Golden 'Sheaf, and 'set herself up' where nobody; knew.herrfamiiy or history : ; shehad been doing'; iwell for many a year; / " ; : . \ "//Stern as she looked, Mrs) Williams was kind ! to me, and I. did my- best to please her. There; was a good deal of novelty and life to be Been : about the inn. 1 - I -soon got1 over the parting - with my mother , and, sisters, i and was . trying hard. to" think _no' more of Hnwyj though I -had; hiade up 'my /mind— minds are so 'easily made, up at seventeen— to live unmarried for his sake. Thus the summer' wore away, 'and tbe . harvest past, and the 'shbrt . dull - days of .November came on. : I had got accustomed to" the ways 'of ; the house. . Though good; . it was 'aii/ old one. There , was the best kitchen, and the best 'par lour opening from it; numbersuf pantries, d< sbte'toirapiipwdB''; !and. a stair. hUhind'the old dresser, leading right up to.Mrs. ' Williams's own room; ' It was oyer the porch, /arid bad windows on. three sides) which gave her a view bf all- whoxame' arid werit.v/Her'accbuiite were kept there, in an cild/fashiqiied oak desk ; so were her, choice tecipes. and she . had- them for making eterythirig/_ jhere was a cupboard set in;the thick, of, .jjieiyyall,. its door not to be dis tinguished from the thiok of the waaiDscot, iu which Messrs. Williams kept the most rare 'and carious '"bf her stores'. 1 ,was once .peririitted to see 'them, as a, great privilege, for she never trusted the key to any hand but her. own. There were spices ' and .essences, costly at the Hme/of my stb'ry, anii not common yet;, old China which, had been brought from the first of the East India Company's; ships ; ' mixtures for. taking/put stains';/ powder for destroying booths /--'and/a 'poison for rats invented long ago by some. of the. Cornish people, and of such a terrible nature that if one rat took it all the rest fled from the place, and never came back. So Mrs. Williams told me, hut I won't vouch for.it ; ; and can only remember now that the poison resembled nothing I ever saw but red pepper, which was an expensive luxury at that time, and kept in the cupboard also, It may' be believed that I was . in great favor, for not only were her treasures shown to me) but I had tea with Mrs. Williams in the porch-raom every evening. She took kindly to me from the first. 1 ' ' One close, cloudy day, such as comes so of ten at the Martinmas time, I was sitting in the best kitchen/close by the parlour, doing some needlework, and Mrs. Williams was up in her own room settling the accounts, for it was Monday, and early in the afternoon. The sound of a.horse's hoof on the road made melook out; and1 there was a gentleman, handsomely mounted, :with a. servant after .him,, as gentle men rode in those dayG.' They looked as if they had' travelled, far, and werecbming to/rest \- at the inn. : When the gentleman'1 alighted' I saw ho was tali, handsome, somewhere. /about .35, and had a jovial and good natured look) like one who was well pleased with'1 hitiiself and everything about him. He walked in not at all strange like, and asked -me in the- most ci vil and 'courteous manner if Mrs/ Williams lived here, and if he arid his servant could have dinner. Tho first question was asked in a low tone, the second in a louder key; and before I could answer it Mrs. Williams came down; Judging , from her look, he was - quite a new customer. I thought the geritleman glanced curiously at her at first, and -then seeming sa? tisfied that all was richt. reneaf ed his ouesiion about the dinner) saying he . was a stranger in that part of the/country, but he had .heard so much of the Golden Sheaf that he wished to stop and dine'at the house. . ! . 1 never saw Mrs. Williams receive any gen tleman with more, respect and ceremony. Sho oourtesied him into the best parlour,) called the hostlers to : help his servants, with the horses, took his orders for dinner, and set about cook ing it herself, for, the cook was hard ot work making black and white puddings in the but? tery. My first notion was that she bad disco) vcred him to be some great person .in disguise; and I half expected to be told of it. 1 Mrs. Williams used to talk to me a good deal when we' were alone on quiet afternoons/but now she went on cooking and making things ready without saying a word, and there was a queer fixed look in her face whicli I could not under stand,; but it kept me from /talking. I laid down ray work and rose to make the eel-soup ; it was one of the things for which the "house was famous— a Cornwall dish, I believe; and I had been trusted with the making it of late, to my great exultation. , But now she stopped me, "No, Mary, finish i your sewing"; those linens will be wanted." I'll make the soup my self." '7) 7 '/" . I sewed away, wondering who the gentle man could he, and what had come over Mrs. Williams; till happening' to look up I missed her out qf . the. kitchen. -.She had. gone to her own room,' but "came hack in a minute with a paper, in her band,; which she shook into the soup, .and then threw into the fire. " That's >the. red- pepper, it will do now," said she taking up, a' spoonful and making be lieve to taste it, but she did not. ' I stitched oh for a minute or two, though my blood was running, cold ; arid the boiling of that soup through the large quiet kitchen sounds through my head even now. Mrs Williams was stand ing at the window with her back to me. I never wi|l)kriow, what made me do it, but it ..was as if sririiebody .had bidden me, and; with out a .word or a thought but that it must be done,- 1 ran -to-the fire, gave the saucepan .a poke, arid sent the soup blazing up the chim ney. As it fizzed up, thie thought of her an ger came over me/ I knew not what I did, but uttering, a wild cry of fear, I rushed to the nearest. door, and it was the best parlor. The next thing l remerhber is crouching behind ihe gentleman, whq had started up,. and! stood in the door, as Mrs. Williams came forward -'with two knives, which had been lying on the win dow sill, in her-harid: , ' Pooh, mever mind the spilling of the soup,'; said he, understanding at once what I had' done, which 'indeed was easily seen: /: ')Youi would not' be angry with the child for that; she could riot help.it, I dare say'.,' If cab) dine; very well without it. You don't know We) Mrs Williams,' he Continued, coming a stop nearer " where she ; stood, still lo&kiog; at me witll' a deadly glitter in her eyes. Don't I!' said she, and I did thick she was trying which of the knives/was' the sharp-1 est. ; 'Well,' said the gentleman, ' youmayknow me to.be Edward Winstanley; but you , don't know that T have married your- daughter, and brought her- home a lady. 'I never meant to act the villain by her. We' were privately mar- ! ried, but while the old man lived it had to be kept a secret, and we knew you would not keep' it. That is . why I have come to-day to sur prise you; but you will come to Winstanley Park, and give . us! your blessing, By Jove/ ma'am, you are not going to faint ?' She had staggered back against the wall, her white lips set, and her eyes' growing glassy. / He and I, and half,. a dozen;. of the servants, whom my1 scream had brought in, ran to help her;, but) she pushed, .us away with' a desperate effort, darledupatairs, and we heard her lock herself in her ownroom. The whole house was ter ribly frightened j the maids all concluding, that Mrs. Williams had seen a ghost. What Mr' Winstanley. thought I do not know, but he! asked ine rio questions, and' never seemed to suspect : any thing about the spilled soup. He left, a note for Mrs. Williams, arid went off with the servant a little before sunset. - We all went about our business, for work never slacked in that house, on any account, and. the evening coach was expected. . Just before it came Mrs.! Williams'- bell rang, 1 arid the' housrimaid said; she wanted me.' When I came |into the room: she ,.was; sitting at- the desk, looking 1 herself! again ; but her face was still white, and she had! her long knitted purse full of guineas in .- her! hand. < 1 !. ; Mary,' said she ' you are a good girl, take this and go home j I'll take care that <you get; no' blame.'. 7 I wari't no) money, ma'am,' said I; 'but I'll go home' if you let me; and never say) ri word, except to my .fatiier.and mother,' i ; /r > She.- held ;out the1 purse once more,- and then pointed to, the doorj/but could say hpthing ; it must have been a hard pull for : heriproud ' spii rit. I got out of the room as quick as I could, threw on my hat and .'cloak, and got into the coach as soon as.it came up, leaving trunk and all behind me. My . father, and mother.' were :mightilyvsurpri- scd when it set me down at their door atClat- ford; just as the clpck ' struck' twelve / they were still ririore astonished when - 1 told- them what had brought' me horiie. My- father first called mo a brave, good girl, and then advised me not to be proud about it, because it was the work of Providence, arid we were bound on all - hands to keep such a' story quiet about Farmer Dickson's relation,' The story was kept be tween me and them ';' but my horrie-cominggot wind, and Farmer Dickson came in a great fluster., te know; why Mary had left her good situation. .- My/mother would not have reflec tions cast on her child; so she . told him in the parlour; and what. he said I don't know, be cause the:door was' fast shut; but he came out rubbing his hands, and clapped me on the back, saying, _ ' By jing; you are a fine girl, Mary ! and if Harry don't finish that business, I'll ask you te be Mrs. Dickson myself.' I think I have not much more to tell. Harry did finish the business. There were some peo? pie in our village that never got. over the won der of it ; but I am proud to say the Dickson family did not lose by me, for ten years . alter,: Mrs. Wiljiams ; died in her own inn, and left her whole property in equal shares between me and1 her daughter, Lady Winstanley. 1 She! had neysr. gone to the Park but once, and then she would neither eat, drink, nor sleep in the house: but saw her daughter and grandson, now heir of the estate, and then 1 went straight back ' to the Golden Sbeaf. ! She never took another girl to stay with her ; but the maids had a story among them, and they always stuck to it, that I went on. account of something terrible which came down the chimney, and. frightened -Mrs. Williams half out of her senses. They said one thing, however, which I am inclined to think .might be true, that she never liked to make eel soup after, nor cared to .look at red pepper - —OJiambers: ' " j Mr. Dickens and the Roman Catholics. — Mr. Dickens has had a rather lively contro versy with; an ultramontane citizen of Cork, This gentleman, feeling himself, as a Catholic, aggrieved by one or two articles exposing Papal excesses in Ituly, which appeared some time ago in All the Tear Pound, wrote to Mr. Dickens on the subject. ' Mr. Dickens, in re ply, denied that the complaint was reasonable, declared that he had never ' pandered to the acrimonious or intolerant feeling against the Roman Catholic Church,' and added the follow ing well merited (hruBt : — ' Let me, in all good humor, recomrhend you to observe whether it's (the Church's) accredited organs are as con siderate towards Protestants, and to give your judgment of me the benefit of the com parison. The Oroan at St. Paul's .Cathedral. — ' The sound of this organ, celebrated throughout the world for its capacity and richness of tone, has been heard for the last time. This noble instrument was built by that celebrated artist, Bernard Schmidt, better known in England as " Father Smith " in the year 1694. It cost, -we find, £2,000 exclusive of the case, accord ing to contract, and contained only twenty -one wnoie stops, ana nine " naives or ecnoes. In all it had 2,123 pipes, and although in this respect it was not considered, perhaps, quite so extensive as some others in the metropolis, yet from the peculiar construction of the build ing, the effects produced proved to be equal to to those of an instrument contaioiug double the number of stops, Mr Hill has received from the authorities instructions to construct an in strument for the Cathedral fully three times the size of tbe late organ, the inflation of the bellows to be either by hydraulic povrer or by steam. Two soldiers, both dragoons, one a sergeant, the other a private, lately entered a railway car riage. The sergeant fell, asleep; the private stealthily took out a razor, and to the horror of the passengers,' began to sharpen its edge. He allayed their fears for a moment, by cutting bread and meat with the weapon. Then he put the remainder away, and continued to sharpen his razor. The excitement of the pas sengers was now intense) Suddenly the ser geant a woke, and, seizing the private by the, throat, .disarmed him. The private was a.lu- . natic en route to an asylum. ; A. /French Cause Celebre. — -The Tours journals describe a trial which has just taken place before the Court of Assizes of that city, arid which has excited extraordinary interest throughout France. A lady who is possessed of a fortune of - 400,000f. or 500,000f., being separated from her husband, has, since 1851, lived at Chinon, with ber -daughter, who is now about sixteen years of age. ' She visited in the best society of the town and neighborhood, and towards the end of last year,- brought out her daughter, who is very pretty. The girl was thought rather forward in her . manners, but that demeanor was attributed to the inconside- rateuess of youth. Before long, however, it became rumored that she waB very free with the coachman, and it was. stated that the man himself had boasted that he was the lover of his young mistress, and that she was about to become a, mother. Iff January last he disap peared, and Madame Lemoine stated that she had been obliged to discharge him because he had the impudence to ask her daughter's hand in marriage. The mother and daughter after wards went into society as usual, but they were the subjects of much malevolent remark. Things continued in this state until August last, when the commissary of police of the district, received several anonymous letters, stating that in the night of the 29 th of July, the young lady had been, delivered of a child alive, and that the little creature had been killed by the younglady's mother.' .As on the 31st July the mother and daughter had been seen going about their house and grounds as usual, the commissary attached little importance to the letters ; but he commu nicated them t j the public prosecutor, and the latter deemed it right to question the -lady. She indignantly declared the statement uu- founded, and, after some hesitation, laid a com plaint of calumnious denunciation against tbe supposed author 0/ the letters, : and against her ex-coachman. . But she was told that in order to support the complaint it was necessary that her .daughter should be examined by a medical man, <:She consented, though with manifest repugnance, but when a physician a few hours afterwards visited her, she said that the exa mination was unnecessary, as she .vas ready to admit that her daughter had been delivered of, a child,, but that it was born .dead/ and that she had burned the body, and she declared that her daughter had become enceinte in consequence of violence committed ori'her by the coachman ; she . also said that she had been silent on the subject of thie violence, and ' had burned the body of the child from a fear of scandal. On that both mother and. daughter were arrested. The young lady at first told the same tale as .the mother, but being pressed with ques tions, she declared that no' violence had been used by the coachman, and that the child was riot born dead, bat had been killed by her mothor beforeburnt. Since then Madame Le moine has persisted in her original story, and says that , in contradicting it' her daughter must be laboring under a hallucination. Both mo- tjier and daughter were tried for infanticide. The trial terminated on the 1 2th - December. - Tho jury acquitted Angelina Leirioine, but found her mother guilty with extenuating circumstances. Tho sentence wai twenty years' hard labor. A letter from Tours says, that since her acquit tal Mdlle." Angelina has received several offers of raarrioge; she. .will, however, be delivered over to the custody of her - father, who intends to place her in a convent duriug her' minority'. Fetis, the coachman, received n dottceur ol lOOf. while' the trial was going on, for going to a photographer's touit for his portrait. ' Among the speakers who have been heard upon the subject of national defence has beeu the great tragedian, Mr. Macready, who bos been honour ably devoting his leisure since he left the stage to Sromoting education and enlightenment in the istrict he selected for his retreat. He hasBpoken out gallantly upon the duty ' of defending the country, but characteristically added that there was cue enemy against whom he hoped to see every rifle pointed — the arch enemy ignorance. - 