COLONIAL PARLIAMENT. NEW SOUTH WAXES. LEGISLATIVJTASSElVfBLY. Fain A v, OCTOBER, 5. THE SrEAKER took the chair at twenty five mini'es past three COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS AND QUALIFI- CATIONS The members of the Committee of Eleotlons and QnaliB oatlons Wire called to the table, aid took th* oi'hs as re- quired by the Electoral Act .T!HB TÜMDT ELECTION. The SPE \E ti informed the House that be had jet re- ceived no answer in writing to the question which ha h vi, on the 27th September last, formally put to the bon mom ber for Fast Macquarie (Mr Deniehy) He had intimated to the hon member that he had rooelved a wri t, aunou ic ine his return for tho electorate of the Tumut, and had called upon him to eleot foi which district he would sit To that letter, as he had already statod, he (the Speakor) had received no written reply. Mr DENIEHY said it was BB much due to the boa. the Speaker as to himself that he should explain why it was that he had considered it is tint) to take the course whiah he had taken In reference to this matter. On twoleparata grounds, he took it that it was impossible that Ira could have taken it on bimssif to make the olootlon Which he was called upon to do The first ground willoh had refer- ence to a motion that had been on the biwness paper for tome considerable timo past, bo regard i n the most im- portant lint his course of act' i lu ii buen influenced by a other circumstance- b« thought the election for the> Tumut was not legal, oud that the whole proceeding! wire null and vcid Before proceeding to an explanation of" the cmrse which he bad deemed it Is duty to take, he should like it to be clearly understood-as he know that it bad been industriously circuUtod out of doors that be wns wilfully aud des gnedly stand in? in the way of the 1 nmnt electorate being fairly represented-he shmld Uko it understood that in acting as be bad dono he WAS only in-l fluenced by a desire to protect the electors of the Tumut, lol common with all the other constituencies of the colony, from what he considered was a most improper and unco i stitntional proceeding (' Hear, hear," from Mr Forstor ) When it was announced that be (Mr. Deoiehy) had boo j returned for the Tumut, ho had placed a motion on the paper affirming that from certain irregularities that had taken place, the election was illegal. Various honorable members bad acquiesced in bis view at the time. Tho hon and rev member (Dr Lang) In particular had roforrod to an instance in his Parliamentary career, not exactly similar, bnt which still bare upon the case, and the rev member bad shown that the invariable practice in auch cases was to Issue anew it rit Such an anomaly as this Tumut election had not been known before , the case hal no parallel either in this colony or in tho mother country. The case of Mr Plunkett some few years since vv is not at all similar. That bon and learned gentleman had been returned for two constituencies simultaneously, tor Bathurst and Argvle, and he waa oalled upon to mite his election within a month after the writs were roturaos! The hon gentleman did make hu election, and sat for the county ot Argyle. But the cass was, altogether different willi bim (Mr. Doniohy) He was returned as theN member for the Tumut near'y a month aftur he hal been returned for the electorate of East Macquarie, and after he liad actually taken his seat m the House (Hear, heir ) So that be could not possibly have b en legally returned for the Tumut. The fact that he had bean for sevei ii weekB sitting and voting as member for East Micquane was a proof that he oould not have been a omdldate f r the Tumut, and, couse juently, not liable to be returned for the two places And, on this ground, ho had thought the matter one which it was desirable the tlouso shou d decide Having boen returned for Tumut at a' time when he was actually the sitting member for Fast Macquarie, he could uot regard turns If as having a right to select Tho other reason whioh Induced^ bim to act us be had done was that he coisidered it his duty to make a staud against tho unconstitutional prac- tices which had marked the pioceedings of this eleotiou be alluded to the very improper mode of procedure adopted by the Government in settling Mr ROPTON rose to order. Toe lion gentleman was proceeding beyond au explanation, and entering upon mat- ura which would provoke a discussion. Mr. DENIEHY was simply proceeding to show that the Government had pursued an unconstitutional couria Mr BOTTON submitted tnat the time of the House ought not to be takon up needlessly when there was the Land debate and other important business to be pro- ceeded with^ The SPEAKER observed that, as tim was a matter affecting the privileges of the House, it was desirable it ) should be settled. Mr KOTTON enqnirea if other members would have the privilege of speskiug on the subjectI The SPEAKER presumed tbe lion, member (Mr. Denleby) would conclude with a motion, m which case, of cenrse, every bon. member who chose could aidress the Horse. Mr DENLEHY then proceeded to show tbit certain irregularities had taken place ia the conduct of the Tumut election. No poll had been taken at Adelong, in conse- quence of the necessary papers not having- re ve ned tia returning- olficer there, and this omission had oeen rome 1 o i in a manier which he (Mr Donieny] oonaidereJ Dorieo.ly illegal, though he understood that it bad been endorsed by the Vf rbalfcOpinion of the present Attorney General He tnew not on what gtounda of law or lo¿is the learnel fu etionary bad based his opinion, but it was to b3 i e gretted that In a matter of au much importance ho had not thought it proper to give a wntteu opinion H«(Vlr. Deniehy) had looked very carefully into tlio matt r, an 1 was fully convinced that the election w13 illegal, and therefore be could have no right ti re gard himself as the member tur Tu nut U he only clause that the Government could many if iy rerer to aa bearing upon this eise «as the 53th oliiuso ot the Electoral Act, whioh was similar In all respects ti cuo contained in the Constitution Act, but under that c uisa it was provided that any inegularity at an election, 0 her than a n'ere formal one, c mid only be cured by the issue of a new writ, and upon this point he might quote the case that bad occurred some time back at Moreton Bay. The clause in queftiou allowed the Government to rtmedy all irregularities of a merely formal nature , but surely no hou. member wou'd for a moment contend that the irregularity of failing to take the poll at an important polling-place was one of a merely formal nature Any non member must see how very euch it would be calculated to influence un election if the poll wera allowed to be taken at two places, winkt at the third and most important it «as not taken, and, regauod in that light, they must ¡>ee that such an irregularity cenld not be a formal ore He had boen told that the Government relied upon the 39th clause of the Electoral Act That clause pro- vided that the lieturmng-otUcei should preside at the chief polling place, and Bhould appoint deputies to preside at the other polling places, and that if by reason of tbe absence of any returning officer, or deputy returmng offlcer, a poll should net be taken at any polling-place, the election was not therefore to be void, but another day wis to be appointed at which the poll was to be taken at such polling-place. But here the Heturning-offlcer was pre- sent, and willing to take the poll if the means had been provided, and therefore this clause could not apply. He conld not therefore Bee tbat nnrjor either oUuse the Go- vernment was justified in taking .this extraordinary step of committing an unconstitutional act, aud he put it to the Honse to say, whether they would permit any su^h tampering with elections, and whether, if allowed, It might not in the end affect to some great extent the exeicise of the franchise He could imagine many cases in which the taking the poll at two places and omit- ting to take it at a third might very materially afTaot the result of an election, and even in his own case it waa cal- culated to have that efftiot. He did not, however, in any way wish to attribute improper motives to the Government in the act they had done, but would candidly admit that he believed that in doing It they were actuated by the very best motives But this was altogether beside the question, as it was no matter bow good their motives might have been, Bince tbey had no right to act in an illegal and im- proper way. Une only question was, whether the Govern- ment ought to haye taken a course whioh they were in na way authorised to take. He should now leave the matter in the bands of the House, with this remark, that this question was a most important one that ought to be at once decided Under the Lex Parliamentorn ot England such a case could scarcely occur, but here the right of election was so wide that it was a question wbetber it was not competent for a constituency, if tuey deemed it advisable, to elect as their representative a member of that House, as they might eleot any person Lot nnder any ban contained In the Act If such were the case, the sooner the question was set at rest the better. With this view, and as it bad been suggested to bim that the Committee of Elections and Qualifications had very wide powers conferred upon them, extending even to questions of this kind, he ahonld conclude by moving that this matter be referred to that committee for its decision and report. Before sitting down, however, he begged to disclaim any intention or desire [to prevent this con BtitneBcy from being represented On the contrary, he would wiBh to hurry on the decision of the nutter as speedily as possible, as he considered that their returning bim to represent them waa one of the highest honours he had ever had conferred on him, partlcalirly a* he know no person there with the exception of the ratui iiing officer. Mr. FORSTER seconded the motion Mr LGAN submitted to the hon member whether, as lie complained of the delay about this mitter, which he looked u« on rightly as one ot importance, it would not bo bettei ii a resolution dedaring the scat vacant were put to the House at once This district would not then be uore presented much longer, while if the question were sent to the Committee of Lleo'ions and Qualifications it might be unrepresented for two or three months Mr AKNOLD said, if the hon member who mide this motion liad been actaated entirely by a dedre to relieve this constituency from tea difficulty in which they were p'aced, instead of moving that thf question be referred to the Committee of Eleotlons and Qialinjations, he might have moved tho resolution that the seat wasmow vacant If the House bad arrived at any conclusions from the hon. member's arguments, it would, he (Mr. Arnoll) presumed, be In the power of the Home to do that whleh tho Committee of Bleitions and Qual ficalions was asked to do. All that this com* unttee could do was to report that for some canse or other the seat ought to be declared vacant-* point which might be settled to-day. The bon. member seemed to think that some irregularities had been committed In this elec- tion which would make the return void on inquiry. (Mr. DENIEHY : Ab inltlo ) The hon. member had not attempted to say that anything had taken place to render the proceedings void from tbe beginning ; there was a re- turn from the proper ofllcor, wheroby the hon. membor would be enabled to take his seat, sud it was a q'iattlon wbat the result might have been had it not happened titi'. the hon, member was returned for another pla-o He was inclined to think tbe hon. member's view ot the question wonld then have been verv different, It wai doubtful whother he wou'd in silence have suffered himself to be deprived of his seat narely by the notion of the Government. There was no doubt an Irregularity has boen committed, and it might ba a qu Btlon whother the irrega'artty had bean cured In the proper way, or cured at all. The 53th clause left some doubt on the matter, but it would be seen that the cou eluding section pointed out tho wa) in which any irnpaii ment ot a foraial nature might be remedied, though not the mode by whioh it conld be remedied, such an iiupsdi mfnt as that of not taking a poll at one ot the pelling places. The Act, however, m the beginning of this c1 vuse, declared that the taking or not taking a poll, or any delay in doing so, should not be a fatal impadiine it to tho lot urn of a member, but it provided no means by whioh that irregularity should be cured. That was the only reason, he took it, that ths hon, member objected to the proceedings of the Government, the bon. inember thinking that they ought to have Issued a new writ. In order to prevont loes of time he believe! they authorised the returninç-ofllcer to take a poll at thiB place v here the delay bad occurred It was a ques- tion whother, no steps having been taken to the contrary, the hon member was not entitled to ko'd his seat for this electorate (the Tuinul) The Parliamentary praotlce then would be to pruceed by petition, on which tho Spoaker conld call upon the bon member to determino for which electorate be would tike his seat The bon member said that the electors ki ew they waro electing a person not capable of representins them , but he ( Mr. Arnold) coutil find noluiKg in our leglsla'ion which wou'd proveut a oon Btituoroy from electing any poreoi who might alroady be a member of the Assembly If the lion, member was so anxious that no unnecessary delay should take pi ice in deciding ujxm this question, he might have at onoe moved tln-t the seat be deolared vacant, and there was little doubt the House Mould have agreed to a motion of that kind. Air FOR-TER said it was scarcaly decent for the hon. member who had just sat doun to impute basa motivas to the mover of this resolution. air, A UK OLD asked whether the hon member was at liberty to charge him with Indecency in imputing base motives to the hon. membor opposite. Mr. FORSTER said if the hon member did not intend to do so he WAS satisfied 1 he motives of the hon member on this side of the House in bringing lorward his motion non under consideration wero Bimply to obtain tha satis- factory settlement of an important quastion, and to I sustain what were, beyond all question, tJB revi Interests of the electors ot the Tumut, and those of all voters in other electorates of the colony He would not have felt himself bound to take steps H hie li mint subject the electors of the Tumut to the inconvenience ot a considerable amount of delay, had he not felt that a great constitutional ques- tion was hero involvod. His hon friend (Mr. Deniehy) had been indirectly attacked, and his motives tor declining to make tho motion declaring the seat vacant had been most unfairly impugned A proposal had been made by oneofthi lion, members opposite that the bon member (Mr. Ueniehj) should bring forward a motton to the eil act that the seat for the electorate of the Tu rant was vacant, without, as he (Mr. Forster) understood, specifying the îeasoLi- H by it was so vacant. Such a motion might have tho desired effect, but it WSB still the same thing which the Government itself could bave done before that evening. It \ ould have been moro regular for some member of He Gonn ment to have moved that the seat in question should be declared vacant, and this they might have done several days ago. For himself he (Mr. Forster) was dis- posed to think that the hon. mamber (Mr. Deniehy) would ¿lu well to move a motion declaring (ho seat for the Tumut v cint-taking caie that in the woiding of his motion he did not commit himself to any expression of opinion as to the legality of the course which had baen adoptad with referei ce to the late eleotion. Mr. DBN1E1IY contended that it was questionable whether he had the power to movo any such motion for the purpose of decl&nng; tho scat in question vacant. Rut» however that might be, It was quite another thing to say that Government bad any right to supplement an election lu tho manner nhich they had done, and without the slightest sanction trom the law. Whj was not a fresh writ issued when an evident irregularlt) had occurred' There was no explanation giveu why that bad not been done, the bon. member opposite (Mr Arnold), hal wholly omitted to state why that so obviously proper oonrso bad not been adopted. Instead of any bucti explanation nothing bad been forthcoming, but offens'vo îusinuatloas as to hon. members' motives, which were veiy gratuitously impugned. The proper course for the Government to hive pursued was, tu doubted)}, to have issued a new writ, as was uolurmly the practice in England. Why it had not been done was not explained. '1 be lion memoer the ¡secretary for Lands had taken upon himself to throw out the Imputa- tion, that it le (Mr. Doulehy) had not happened to have buen eitcltil fur another coiatituent), they wcuid not have beard any question ra aed o, hin upon the subject (Hear) In this the honorable niambar m«_-uiea lu» lieigiitioui'a o irn bj his otfii btiihel, aud i vi dei tly fuppostd that ho (Mr De.iiohy) t^u d have acted as lie ini(,ht have noted himself. Mr ARNOLD exuressed his doubts as to whether the boiorablt, member was m ordar in thin aüjicsäiu_- the House Mr DLNIRHVsud that ho was replying to'ijunous Insinuations i_ade against him by the honorable membor opposite Mr ARNOLD could rot underntind «hat puasifila in siuuatlor hecou'dhave made, anil disclaimed au) inten- tion of doing anything of the kind Mr. DEMLUY said tbs ollensive insinuatioi was that lie (Mr. Deniehy ) would not have pursued the same course which lie non took if lie bad not happened to be elected elsewhere. Whether he had beon elected for East Macquarie or not would not have caused bim to entertain any other than his present opinion as to the invalidity of the Tumut election. Annous as he was again to place in the hands of thceewto had done bim the honour to vota for him the power of once a*ain eierclsing the franchise, it iias highly import mt that such a question as was here at stake should be permanently and properly settled-once for all, and tor the best possiblo reason«. They might not always be so fortunate as to have such a Government as thev were blessed with at present- one SAVS TEUR ET S ÍNS jamociiE He had no objection, hjwever, to move that the seat should be declared vac mt, provided, of course, that It was competent for bira to take such a stepvwtbout making the admission that he had ever been legally re- turned for the Tumut. Mr. FAUCETTandMr MARTIN rose together, but the former gentleman eave way to Mr. MAUTLN, who was proceeding to speak when The SPEAKER expressed hit opinion that the bon. member was preoluded from speaking in consequence of the bon member (Mr. Deniehy) having made his reply. Mr. MARTIN claimed the right to speak, inasmuch as the matter before ths House was a question ot privilege In such a question he maintained that he might speak when, and as olten as he thought proper. He claimed it not as a matter of courtesy, but as a matter of right. It appeared to bim that the only reason why such a matter should be referred to the Committee ot Elections and Qualifications was in order that enquiry might be made by means of evidence into the faotiof the ease. Here, however, there was no question as to what those facts were,und such delay as must inevitably rouilt from a reference to the sa<d committee ought therefore to ba avoided as being wholly unnecessary. They had by the \3th section of the Electoral Act power to declare vacancies In all eases. He took it that the election was clearly void, because although there was no express law to the eflect that a person already a member of the House should not bo elected for one or more constituencies-there were dantes In the Act entirely inconsistent with such a state of things , otherwise all the constituencies might choose to elect the same member, and this wonld be directly at variance with that part of the law which declared that the Assembly should con- sist of seventy-two members The hon. gentleman con cludtd by mering " That Daniel Henry Deniehy, Esq , who was on the 15th May, 1860, returned as one of tue members for East Macquarie, and who took his seat as such member on the 22ad of the same month, having b°en afterwards, on the 12th June, 1860, and while lie was such member for East Blacqnar,pt returned as a meiubar for the Tumut to fill the vacant seat create! by the resigna- tion of George Dunmore Lang, Esq , the late member for the same electoi al district, this House resolves that the said return of the 12th June, 1860, Is void, and that the seat of the electoial dish-lot of the Tumut is still vacant." Dr. LANG seconded the motion Mr DEMEflT then said he would withdraw hi^ reso- lution in favour of the motion of the bon. member I jr East Sydney. - Air. ROTTOK opposed the resolution of Mr. Martin, on the ground that it would bo compelling the House to deolare the law. He believed the hon. member opposite had been legally elected for the Tnmut, and that he had been guilty of borne disrespect towards tho House ia not electing for which constituency he would sit. Mr. BLAKE was of opinion that unless Boma steps were taken by petition, the member was oapnble of sitting. He did not sea muoh force in the argument of the hon. and learned member for East Sydney, because the same result would occur if fifty constituency elected the same person whether he were already a member of the House or not. He thought the proper course for the hon member opposite to adopt would be to elect for which of the two constituencies he would sit, he having been elected by bo' h. Mr. ROBERTSON regretted that so much valuab'e time should be lost about a matter which night be settled in two mlrntes by the bon member (Mr. Den ehv) elect- ing for which of the two constituencies he would sit. The thing was discreditable to the House, and cou'd hardly give people out of doors a very high opinion of tl-eir desire to faollitate the publia business. He (Mr. Robertson) should be glad to have the opinion of tie Speaker as to the course which it was most advisable to take under the circumstances. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER gave it as his opiuion that the beat course would be to refer the question to the Committee of Eleotlons and Qualifications, who possessed ample power under the 72td section to bear and determine a question of this kind. This would be the safest coarse to pursue, and the proceedings need not be long delayed, as ho un- derstood the hon. member (Mr Deniehy) waa preuired to appear before the Committee at the earliest perod that might be fixed. If it was sbown that tbe constitutional objection urged by the lion, momber was con eat, it would ba batter (seeing that the House sat under statute law) that tho error should be amended by special enactruoat, rathor thau by a resolution After some explanatory observations fr im Mr DENIEHY and Mr AUtfOLD, tho question waa put, and the motion for referring the matter to tho Elections Committee was carried without a division, the amendment having been previously put and negatived The SPEAKER thon appointed rueiday next, vt noon, for the first meeting of the comuiitteo PET! PION Mr ARNOLD piewitod a petition fioni !4r> mimbi tants of Shell H.rboor, praying for tho passin,» of a good Land Bill. Petition received PAPERS Mr WEEKE3 laid upon the table cei tain o irroipond enco relativo to the collection of duty on gold nu portel into Victoria, via the River Murray. Ordered to be printed. SEIZURES ON THE MURR VY Mr. WEEKES begged to lay upon tho table a corres- pondence that bad taken p'aca relative to the oirure ot dutiable goodB on the River Murray, by Ombra lion so officers of Victoria, and in moving that tho pipara b3 printed, ho would g ve the lloma an ouMiao of t'ij contents of the lettors, which might mt at the presei t moment prove uninteresting It hal certainly taken the G">t eminent completely by surprise when they found that vessel« navigating the River Murray, which beyond oil dispu e waa within the territory ot Now South Wales had boon seized with the goods they had onboard by the Custom) autborities of Victoria. The eiroumstances had been m the first Instance communicated to the Government by certain letters reoeived from Captain Calell, whom bon. members might know as being connected for many yoars with the river navigation of the intenor The first letter received from him was dated the 2lst August, I860, and in it he stated that on tho 29th May, certaiu packages of tea were shipped from Captain Cadell'a store, at tho Dir llng junction, on board the Wakool steamer, the duty on which had been paid to New South Wales at Goolwa iiro custom-house oflicers allowed it to pass, but ultimately the second oflicer seiE»d it, on its return down the river, be- cause, as he stated, the tea was not entered on the mani- fest Captain Cadell explained that it was impossible to produce a manifest, as there was no custom boase ollicoi belonging to New South Wales at the locality where the goods were shipped, and that Victoria asserted bor right to seize all unmanifested goods within three miles of her boundary He also stated that on the Victoria side of the river a complete cordon of Custom House ollioers existed, and suggested that New South Walos should establish Custom House posts on her side of the river, m order to prevent annoyance to the river trade. On the 22nd August Captain Cadell addressed another letter to the Government informing tbem tint the Vic orlan Govern- ment bad decided that as the gooda bad been seireJ on tho downward trip the searcher had been instructed to releuso them, but that the Viotonan Government by the way in which they bad acted had left the principle of the right of seizure vvbere it was before, and supposing that, as depots for goods had been established all along the ba iks of the Murray and Darling, some provision ought to be made for declaring that all goods afloat on the river Murray should be free 'J. he next letter was one received by Mr Cadell from the Coinmibsioner of Trade and Cm to an of Victoria, informing that gentleman that direct ons had been given to release the goods On tue 10th Sept inbor, Captain Cadell addressed another le ter to this Govern- ment, informing them that ano her seizuio had been ni* te on board the Wakool steamer, bound from Wentworth to the Murrumbidgee, thoueh, to avoid any difficulty which the Victorian police mi"ht throw in the way. clearance and bilis of lading were providod Thoy ware, however, so zed, because the clearances wore nude out in the captain s name, the goods having been transhipped from a similar steamer used for the navigation of the Murrum bidgee He pointed out that the oustom House o beers of Victoria bad now taken charge of the «ho'e river, every serjeart of police, and, he believed, every constable, being appointed a Custom Hcuso officer, and that in const quenco New South Wales was to a great extent debaned from the free uso of the stree m On toe 13th September another letter wa« received from Captain Cadell, stating that the Commis- sioner of Trade and Customs, anticipating tho occurrence of sire liar seizures, bad issued instructions to release the gcods seized, and had promised to bold the right of so ireh in abeyance. The Government then put themselves into communication with that of Vtctorlo, pointing out that the whole shearn of the Murray belonged to the territory oi New South Wales, the boundary ot tho colony of Victoria being expressiv declired in their Constitution Act tobo up to the bank tf the river only. In answer to this com- munication, on the 27th September this Government received the following from the Chef Secretary of \ letona - Sir,-In reference to your despatches of the 18th and 20th t-cptccbcr. calling the attention of thin Government to selauros made on boord tho steamer V\ nkool, trading on tho IUv er Murray, I have the honour to br'ng under jour nonce a let cr rooelvod lum the Comm! Monir of Trade and Customs, enclosing an order l^ued cn Die 13 h instant, which will, it is conceived, prevent the recurrí nee of difficulties of a Uko nature 1 ou will also pcrocl^c by tho Commissioner's le'tcr, that on burt, nprrUed of tho ed/urca referred to in your letter«, he lui m diaiely ordered tho good» to be rekascd. (Signed) WILLUM Niciot'ON. (Enclosure ] Department of Trade and Custom«, 20th September, 1800. Sir,-1 bave the honour to loknowlodgc the receipt of two co n niunicalioiie from the hon. the Colonial Seoretary of New Jouth Wales, dated respectively 18th and 20th beptcmb»r, which were referred to co on the 21th and 2Mb idem, and in whioh tbe alten lion of this Government Is invited to certain seizures which had been made on the steamer specified in tho margin, and trading upon the that Murray. The seizures therein alluded to were made under a depart- mental order issued by my predecessor in Vugust la«t, in accord- ance with tho powers \csied in the Commissioner of Trade and Customs by the C\ ictorian) " Customs Act, 18JJ ' On ro'eronce to the Act l8 and 19 Met, cap 51, sec 5, it will be found that although the rt\er Murray Is undoubtedly within the territory of kew South Wales, the colonies bordering thereon arc cnl'tlcd to "mate reguluious for the levjidg of CuetomB duties on articles imported into tho said two colonies (\ew South Wales and ^ ictoria) respectively, by vriiy of the river Murray, and for the punishment of offences against tbo Customs laws of the said two colonies respe-can ely " So far, therefore, as the legalities of tho case arc concerned, it is trident that the Government of Motorii have not exoecded thiir own rights, nor infringed on the rights of that of New South \\\ ales hy these seizures r<ciiher can ii be shown that their ao lion therein is in contravention of tho colonial treaty But deem- ing tbo eye em of border Custom Houses impolitic, and taking into consideration also the recent assimilation of the South Aus- tralian tariff, 1 issued, on the 13th Instant, an order (a copy of which is herewith forwarded for the information of the Go\cra- ment of I»ew South Wales) which will eff dually prevent the re- currence of difficulties of a Uko nature I may add that upon being apprised of the seizure alluded to in the IctterB of Mr Cowper, I immediately ordered the goods to be released, and acquainted the owners with that circumstance. (Signed) 'VINCENT FVKB (Order referred to in enclosure ) Murray River Trade After miture consideration, 1 have arrived at the conclusion that the system of stopping and searching ic«scl« on the Vlurray ia impclllic and injurious to tho river trade Under the«e cir- cumstances, I hereby cancel tho instructions contained in v(r. Tjlot's letters of the 20th August, 1859, No A 603 065, in the last paragraph of hie letter of the same date, No A 00«, and in the llfth paragraph of Mr. Miller's letter of the 25th August, 1859, No A 600. Searchers of Cus oms will, in future, exercise the right of Ecnrch only when gooda are LAVDED on the \ ictorhn side, and no vessels coming down the n\ei ure to be in any way interfered with. In the ease of good« landed from vessel« whioh have not the original clearance from the Goolwa on board, tbo o ill or will ao cept copies or extrada from the original manifests (with full par- ticulars of marke, brands, &.C ) as sufficient evidence of any goods having duty poid at the Goolwa, and afterwards transhipped. .Should there be no Buch copies, nor other evidence to provi. the payment of duty, the goods should bo detained, and full particu- lars traiiBmlited to inc. (Signed) VINCEST PYKE In quoting from the Act, however, the lion commissionei entirely left out of sight the faot that tne regulations to be framed shonld.only be so upon the joint or concurrent action of the two colonies interested. This, then, was a record of a tiansaction that bad certainly taken the Go- vernment by surprise They had no idea whatevor that when all that immense sensation was got up throughout ?\ ictoria at the appearance of only one solitary Customs oflicer at Albury, that colony had already establish a cor- don of Customs officers along their whole bjundary line, and that these ofheers exacted compliance with the pro- visions of the Victorian Customs Act, even on the waters of.thè Murray, which was not within their territory. These, as the Commissioner of Trado and Customs was compelled to admit, belonged solely to New South Wales, and until joint action were taken it was an Infringement of tho privileges of New South Wales if Vlotona pretenled to interfere Mr. AHNOLD seconded tho motion foi pri itng the papers Mr PLUNKETT said it was not u»ual to print pipers upon matters of negotiation while still pending It was a Cabinet matter, and its publication might create a bad kellng between the two colonies Mr. WELKES explained that fie matter he had just submitted to the House was In point ot fict closed , tba Goycromeut had recen el an explanation, and the illegal j course t?hen by the neighbouring colony had been pointed out to them. He believed that with tome modification tbey would pursue that course no further-that was, they would confine themselves to searching goods landed on their shores. The Government thought it their duty to lay the case before Parliament at the earliest opportunity, BO as to make the House and country aware of proceedings of the character he had described. . Dr LANG thought the Government were quite justi fled in bringing forward these documents, if it were only to shew tbe House and the public the stale of things as at present connected wi h the Uiver Murray. A vessel pro- ceeding on our own waters appeared to have been seized by the agents cf another Government wLo had nothiug to do with that river He renvnibered that at tho time of separation it was settled that the whole or the waters of Hie Murray should be part and parcel of the territory of iNew South Wales, ~D1STRIUT COURT AfSOlfâ_""^> Jp answer to a question from Mr. DBNIHRV J_hii£0BBRW .8Uted fflL establishing a dlslnct c urt at Sofala lu« 3' ferred to the Judge. Sofala no doubt oJgit ft» MESSRS. PETO AND CO Mr TERRY asked the honorable Secretar, U» "«1. Whether the Government have Ukea _"t, * made any ai rangements, for setflin. thn ^.,.'it dispute with the agents of Messrs. Peto and Co 'Ul> evidenaewas given in the railway Inuulrv uit !s in connection with the contracts now bair¿IÄN that Arro? 2. What agent are the Oof«T» *S dealing with, Mr. Wiilccfx or Mr. Spiller ? Th*1»! Spillet's power-of-attorney override the niwoMf .^ held bv Mr. WIllcox? 4. D"BJ Mr. Arl **l position of engineer or agett to the nrm of Pola!3 cr that of accountant ?" 10">t«I[| Mr. ARNOLD in reply stated that some BteMhiiv_ taken which it was hoped would have had th» ii1» settling the matter in dispute; but he did notnii1' waa yot at llbeny to state wliat those stem wèrn T concessions had been made to the now contractor Li were several matters not at present arran«' ? Goveri ment were now dealing with Mr. Willen. ? attorney of Sir Morton Peto and Co, and he (Mr » knew nothing ot Mr. Spiller-s authority or ooiitiv, RETURN. F ^ Mr. PIDDINGTON asked the Colonial Hw "When the return to nu address pasied on 2.1B)» I860, tor nn occomit of tho receipts und dlsimrsenhh the Consolidated Revenue Fund for 1859. will h» i." ' on tbetableiftlisHonse?' DB UH Mr. WEEKES, In reply, UM the doonment In o", upon the ti.ble, and moved that It be printed. H * Motion put and passed. I CUSiOMS OFFICERS ON TUG MURRA! I Mr. ASHBR asked the lion. Colonial TWll " 1. What duties have bosn performed, and wüitfan are being now performed, by the- Cus'ora-homa offitri,B Albury und Meamn ? 2. For what purposes vtttJË oflicirs paid ? 3. Is it tho intoi.tioa of tha Gorain/l to retain those cfillers in their prisant aecupiUont'1¡| Mr. WBEKE3 in reply stated, that the dutiej petl/ï| by the officers at Albury and Moama wore the cÀaM as far PS practicable, of the statistics rolalira tothill from the colony of Victoria across the Murray InUljIa South Wales. The Goverument had no present ¡att.Ul cf removing those officers. g POLICE PAY. 1 Mr. ASHER asked the Colonial Treasurer, " fît; J police at Albury and Gundagai have not been wjJ| extra half-a-crown a day tor escort duty, as im\& the m by this House ?" w Mr. WEEKES replied that the amount votad »ml ha'f-a-crown a day extra piy for escort duty, m 2s. 6d. n day for rations, when absent from thelrVciï on escort duty, which allowance would ba piliri claimed and supported by proper vouchers CROWN LANDS ALllnIni'MOr, BILL. The debute on the second reaalng of the Croira Lui Alienation Bill was resumed. Mr. EGAN felt it due to himself, in conseqnaii some remark which had been made by an hon. men'«) the previous evening, to state that his object in urç the adjournment of the debate, was not uselessly tip tract ihisdisonsson, but to give bon. members an 03 ¿unity of expressing their opinions upon the meunna before the House. The question thereby affected ruo of to ordinary importance, for it was one whioh hills more or less, considered and discussed, both ia tatt Bal and by (be public, uatil further disBusiin K it teemed to be almost unnecessary, jf mia jnrious. lie had taken some trouble to etiyl ¡Kio the general nnlure of this bill, and tbe el elusion he had arrived at was, that it was a measure i_| taken altogether, was likely to meet with a largetasg of pnblio approbation. (Hear.) It was a bill upimäS in fact, there was not HUely ti ba a very considiil difference of opinion in that House ; so muoh so,tutu did not tliii.k the House would be likely to divide tpuo secot.d reading. Tue hon. member tho Secreting Lands, iu his speeoh when introducing the bill, hadml that it was a'measure upon which the Ministry,oM_| ?bo formed one, were determined to rig their existence, but that was not, ho iapj.3 to ba undersiood to mean that thev pledged tleoiísfl to go out of office if certain modifications and ataul in their bill should be made by tbo Hanse in comalia Perhaps he might be pernlllted, as one who did nottfï occupy the time of the House, to offer n few remartjrj référer ce to some of tho clauses of this bill. Ila coull;« that the 2nd, 3rd. 4th, and 5th clauses of the billtotülí 8omo importance, and to bo in the main unobjectlojuil but there was, be conceived, In the 6th clause a teil degree of lestrlctiou whioh he was not prepared to4 dorse. He alluded to the last proviso in that clam» I that there was restriction with which he was not prepil to concur; not thinking that the squatter should, n_l the circumstances, be subjected tosuoh au appralsenell was there provided. The appraisement wai, he sa?, tia not less than one ponnd per acre, and, lie suppaijll much moro as might be thonght expedient. This aita tion between tho agricultural and the pastoral oana appeared to him to be somewhat strange. Wallabin! prepared to give every facility to the ona of these "IM eise Ms pre-emptive tight of purchase, he thought Uni« same facilities should also be freely extended to ci enjryed by the other. Ile did not think that it wai iii thing " that the squatter should be subject to ¡J approvement of not less than a pouud an a The 8th and 9 li clause appeared to ii ti be necessary for the elfeclual working of the H In the' 13th olause thero was something to whioh ti. it right to take exception, and that was the eipreat "tllice day"-that any person might tender write)? plications to the Land Agent on any Land Office Dr.1 He supposed that this meant every day, or else what nil be the particular advantage which would therebji (fl'eicd to applicants. Tha main clause was no djnalls eighteenth of the bill. To this clause also lu coiliti altogether agree in its present shape. Nevertire»,! was very evident to bim that considerable care badi« taken in the preparation of this bill, and very probillji! that struck bira as prominently objectionable might¡8î> dlfledordone away with In committtee. With regirlJ the matter of deferred payments he (Air. Egan) tbtifl that the time allowed should bo prolonged to /¡rejes, and that all that the purchaser ouebt to be called upai WHS to pay the interest ol 6 per cent, on the valus olia land, and nothing more. It was all very well for piafl resident in Sydney, and unacquainted with tha tutaii the country, to bold that no man ought to take Undo'' less he was prepared to pay all the money dowa for vii he purchased. Such a rule of action, however, wilt» which would not be found to answer for U country, where the effect would ba ta lit all the monty of the purchaser, and to ¡si him none for Improvements. (Uear, from Mr. Hoilisl In many parla of the country, the parties who KUI& the land were not able to purchase, and yet paid £l9t year for the land which they occupied for agrloafal purposes. In many districts, the majority of the if cnltural residents were thus merely tenants, lu state of affairs was certainly one that it was not desMi to perpetuate. He waB glad to find that, Instead of ti:i depositofiO percent., the present bills would make in vision for the payment of 25 per cent. People wjuldtli not be so ready to run no laud atid afterwards forfeit it deposit as at present. Ila hoped tho second reading old bill would not be made a party question, but that all »sa do their beBt so to deal with the measure that It n'(i prove acceptable t J the people and a boon to the couti. Mr. J. CAMPBELL complained of the practice 1» prevailed in the early days of the olonv, when the GÎT» ment, Instead of preserving the large alluvial flats fort'ï benefit of small settlers, gave them away in great quit' ties to speculators. The principle of deferred piyosí was a prominent feature of the bill, but ho thoiijblls Government would have done much hotter if they tils' apart the alluvial lands of the country and propossäs give tbem away in lots of from fifty to 100 acres to 1? persons who would Bettie upon them and cultlïits. t would not grant the titles at once, but would say totoa You may go and select your laud, and when we null* have cultivated it and Bettled on It jon <" have L't. The system of deferred psymck placed too great a pswer in the ninth « the Government. The provision for the payment «H percent, was no doubt a great Improvement npjntU which nt present regulated the araaukt to be dep.sitel« purchase. There were many cases where land tai W purchased and abandoned after being run up to »uti»' mous price. It must ba rememhared that land tia had been run up to 40s. an acre, could not afterwardiK purchased at the upset price. The consequence MitJ1 it was likely to lie idle for many years. It was no»H«| under these circumstances, that land remained unsold» the hands of the Government. He, as a merohuit, « inteiested in the growth of wool. If they did noteipf" how could thoy import ? Ho should be sorry, tberera' lo do anything needlessly to infringe upon the sqi-'tsjj He would support the second reading of the present P with a view in committee to make such amend-»!1 aa were accessary for the cood of the country. Jilr. BLACK said the hon. member ( Ifr. uainpWJ)Hi Bud enough to show that he held prli oiplos In référençât! this great question which, if they were embodied in leja lotion, vvonld have led to amnchmore liberal bill It" that which had emanated fioni the so-called Hb°ralMif Istrj. Ho had given expressioi to views in which it m by no mennB clear the members-of tho present Goren ment participated Not holding, and never having be 4 a single foot of agrlcultuial or pastoral land in thecalwjr it would be admitted that, in coming to the eansidintw of this Question, he (Mr. Mick) was little HW to be Bwajed or iiiii lencdd by personal Interest« It might be that this circumstance woaM M. lcolted upon by some persons rather in the light of . «"J qualification. (Hear, hear ) Others, perhaps, wonidIw upon it d fletently. Hut, personally, he (Mr. BUM) isjj thankful that he was thus disencumbered of all pir.'"" bias, and that he come to the disoussion of the qniiJ» whollv uiiiiiflu-ncîd. Though last night he had w »¡»¡ self thought proper to move the adjournment of '[' debate, still he bad voted for the motion whan am as he believed it was by no means an unreasonabla pHrj sit'on. When they considered the grett impirtai»« tie lill itself, nid remembered that lbs e^'. aid mcie va in-ble portion of the evenlig » boen ev grossed by the Government, it »*W to him that the motive for adjinrnm»' wes i ot at all unreasonable. (Hoar, hear) The Gow ment, however, finding themselves backed by a '»"JwjL fediug themselves tolerab y strong, and thinking" ' , they might possibly carry the second readbg hy a «sir «> coup d' ôtat," strenuously resisted, and nsed their utmost '«ideatöorB to force,on the bill. They mit;ht even have ' mcceéded in carrying the second reading ; hat if thoe had ilote so, he (Mr. Black) was inclined to think toa tempo . rary triumph wbich would hay» been thuss^enrfd «jula bave benn but a poor jnstiStution to tho ojmrnnriity tor bavin« suppressed discuw'.on on this very import- ant measure. During , the short, lull wilso transpired on the conclusion of tao bonong» BHimber's (Mr. Roborteon)- speeob, that bon. «en1161»»0, ,, «emed. to think either that the principles of his billor the ' :-nlatltndesofhls aâiress had so overwhelmed,the Hoiiso, ' thot honorable mecibers who might be supposed to eil ¿r from oin must teen, and for ever afterwards, remain mute .If this waaihehonorKhle gentleman's opinion-andtwwouia , Un to be so tom the fact that he had thrown^down N ebaUenge-h»a caUerl for one combatant art«»T" T~ ke (MrfBlarit) thought the air of defianceiwas Ihardly justi fiable, and that the most Inexperienced ?P"1»*«1??^." «eeH that K recoiled upon the honorable member himself. «The bon. gentleman, after having called in vain for any «iombatent to enter the lista, felt, nOj^VÄhÄ . to tbis^nestion of the land, he had .«»'«^n,,fc# "e , ^months ¿f oil the world. (A laugh.) As a means of im \- / ureraing the Bouse with a due sense of his earnestnesshe bad told them that if they dorad to thro* out these bills ' he (Mr. Robertson) should retire altogether from the tur . ! '¿io Is Of public life ; that unless these bills are carriel into ?law be would have no rest for the Bale of his feet ; that hu . . chest should be found haunting those benohos, .'. til hovering over the legislation of the country till this Croat question was set at rest to his satisfaction. (Laughter) .These measures defeated, tbe ghost of the hon. gentleman was to walk the «bamber with* brazen breastp'ate inscribed probably with the words " Rerenge I Revenge for the death of my Crown Jjand»'Alienation and Occupation Bills!!" (Uugbter.) Bnt tbe House was not to he frightened either by the real embodiment or by the ghostly appearance ot the hon. member. But, really, the question was far too important to permit of his wasting time in allusions of this kind- ("Hear, hear," from Mr. Robertson), . «.r.d as there appeared to be a desire that every bon. member who addressed the House 'should keep as close as possible to the points, he (Mr. Black) would endeavour in what he bad to say to be as brief as possible-(hear, hear)-and would confine his observations within as small a compass as possible. It had been said that there was a very general desire that the bill should go to a second reading. Ho believed this was the case; personally, ho should deem it his duty to record his Tote in favour cf ,the sccopd reading- Hut, 'though he might feel it incumbent upon him to take this courue, still he did not wish it to be considered that his voting in this way implied a , concurrence in all the provisions of the bill. (" Oh, oh," from Mr. Robert- son.) He knew that it was the parliamentary courue, when disapproving of the principles contained in any measure, that the disapprobation Bhouid be expressed by ?voting aealDBt the secoi.d reading. (Hear, hear.) He knew that the course he proposed to to110 was an extra- ordinary one. (Hear, hear.) But extraordinary circum- stances justified the adoption of extraordinary courses. >(L*ud cries of " Hear, hear.") IjOokiBg to the years of delay that had already taken place-lookiug to the fact that the country was anxiously awaiting the settlement of this «location- (hear, hear)-and thut tbey had a bill before them which, if ic did not merit their entire approbation, they might, nevertheless, render acceptable to the country, bo for one was not disposed to retard the adjustment ol' this question by -»too rigid adherence to parliamentary practice and pre .cèdent. (Hear, hear.) He should, therefore, vote for the second reading, though there waa much in the bills whijh he could cot but condemn. And he felt he was psrfectly justified In taking this course. And if the membora of the Government who had introduced this bill were as sincere as his side of the House in their desire to odjust this great question, they would on their part be prepared to uccsot any modifications of the measure that might be made In committee, even though those alterations should so materially change the features of the bill that they (tho Government) might no longer be able to regard the mea- sure aa their own. 'If the bill ever went to committee, as he (Mr. Black) sincerely trusted it woulel, he hoped it wou'd be BO altered in some of its main provisions as to be made capable of satisfying the expectations of those whd desired to see the land system of the country settled on a fair ami . eqnitable basis. (Hear, bear.) But be hoped that the ?Government would also be prepared to receive these amendments and alterations in a fair and proper spirit that they would feel it their duty to meet the views of the House, even the ugh by so doing they would nob be able to claim so much credit to themselves for giving to tie country a new sybtem of lasd administration. (Hear, hear.) It must be admitted, bethought, that any Go- vernment would mid it a most diUleulb task to frame such .v bill for the adjustment of the land question as wou'd ba ? deemed acceptable to all the members of tbe House. It was impossible to prepare a measure against whhh some ob- jection would not be urged ; and on this account he was the more inclined to regard it as the duty of the Gjveru ment to assent to the amendments of the committee, even though, as he hud already said, those alterations were so essential and material that they mlgiit completely change the character of the bill, and reuder it ¡inpossibla for the Government any longer to call it their own. And in his (Mr. Black's) opinion, no measure that had yet been sub- mitted in relation to the publio lands more required altera- tion than tlie bill now before the House. The bon. mem- ber (Mr. Robertson) who introduced it bad told them that it embodied his views, and that thOBO views were the result of an experience of eighteen or twenty years. But be would wish to secure the lion. Seoretary against the delusion and hallucination to which he had so long , given way, and that was, that because he had held these opinions for twenty, nay let him say for fifty years, that, mere lact was of itself conclusive proof that those opinions were Bound. Any such belief as that was a perfect delu- sion, a.-.d famished proof only to this effect thut the bon. member bad held those opinions consistently-that he had believed in them once, and so entirely that he bad si iC3 shut his eyes to thatllight whioh, if ¡he had allowed it to glimmer upon his mind, would have shown him tbat his opinions were not so perfeotly sound as he once .fauolod them to be. The great distinguishing doctrine of the hon. Secretary was , that of free selection; and though the honorable member had made so much of this doctrine upon every occasion, yet he (Mr. B.) believed that there was a kind of artilles now being practised upin the country by leading it to believa that tbiB bill embodied free selection. For his own part, it he had any knowledge at all of the value of terms, there was no term more inapplicable to the principle of this bill than that of''free selection » The hon. Secretory mignt .call it "selection," if he thought fit, or if he wished to designate It more appropriately, he nii'ht call it " restricted selection ;" but if he ( Mr. ß.) were to giva it a name, he would denounce it as an " enalaved selection." (Mr ROBERTSON: " Without survey -, that is the free- dom !") The hon. Secretary said without survey was the freedom given. No doubt, any person, if he eave it to he understood that he wished to settle and cu'tivate, might get land without survey under .this Act. He might be told thut he could travel to the westward until he reached the South Australian boundary, te the north until he met the frontier line of Queensland, and to the south until he reached tho boundary line of Victoria ; and that he might run where he liked, stop where he liked, seleot where he liked, aud «it down where he liked ; but he would be told also that, while the Government allowed bira to do this, they would, at the same time take care that he gave them as good .guarantees as they cou'd possibly exact from him ; and he believed that such guarantees would not have been ex- acted, even by a Nero. They would take caro that he should ireside upon the land, that he should imorove the land, ithat he bhouid pay the full price of j£l an acre for the .land, that he should pay 25 per cent, of his purchase, that ' ne should pay tho other seventy-five per cent, .at the end of three or five year«, as the' iterm might be fixed, and that he should not on .any condi- tion strike off the fetters that had boen placed on him -1Tv' 1* peri0(1 of bondage had fully expired. And then, ir this state of things appeared unsatisfactory to him, he might be told that the bill made other provisions for pur «base, and that if he did not Ilka to pay £1 an »ore for his ' »? C7 -i vn and I5s- 8t the end of five years-ho might, if he had n'enty of money in his purse and wanted C£ &a; i re? 1nallMVy of land, be able to go to the Sacre «í?...ir e- ' po,nt oul to him some favourite boallty, fw8,B.ti8fy,'1"n that it was inferior and back land; aud iZ. « .S e.W,n,ht*r' adn>itting its inferiority and back 3" To .lM^noe?lve.orders,to PutnP thi" favourite Ä,i nnctlonv when .be would have an opportunity of be frit tw shJPh-,.mahlnK,tthe88 observations, because «ion ? îîii5îiu,n mM n.oUlln£ more than a m«"> Preteti w» *n?¡«A lty' a l,reteAr-aion î»*t it.was in HO possible waj entitled to assume. A great many theories had been broached em tbe subject of the land, aua .as he had had aS muted to allude to them, without layingfhlm«elf onen to »charge of jouira. The bon. Secretary for Lands had laBt t vening, taken upon himself the duties of an historian by proposing to supply the Hou.6 *ith the hiatory of tl,¿ efforts that had been made to settle this question. He allu ded to one bill after another that had beeu Introduced, nor, or course, forgetting his own. But ho would toll that hon. «umber that to attain the character of an historian it required thnt his history should be a faithful one, for if it w«e not so, it wonld not bo in the least degree valuable. ,tn aiinding to the measures introduced, by some strange oorgetfulness, the bon. member omitted one link io the 'Jw vhls h,i8toryF by neglecting to mention the bill, iiGSBRTSON: I certainly did allcde toit) He felt uo ojieace at this omission, because, if allusion had been m-*Jetoi6 by the bon. BecieWy, it could only have been dont' Sa terms that would doubtless have been very grati- * tying ti) the hon. membfr, but by no means pleasing to mm (Mr. B.). The hon. Secretary had, on various occa- sions, expressed his opinion of that measure, in terms that rendered it ve-y undesirable that at the present time he ahonld say inn thing about it. In that bill wbich he had intrtdnced, and which the bon. Secretary had omitted to >« IJI1' *'a8 Pfopoied to do something of the kind that f;^îV0»*. thon/, ht ought to have been done in refer. tut .,h8a»»P0"»l fcf the public lane's. He qntto agreed ?»fc.iihe hoP' e*cretary >n tho priaciple wbicb 'L ! M?preased' thatt«-'6 presentsvstera of administering th«.r^iiC'J"?-dli *? »H«»»m'y was faulty. In the eitremeT t£at colonisation had been thereby interfered with, and , iVnl^ni?e(luen<Iy a 6rcat ci,a»£e WJ« neiessary, and th»>, rrfJt»Ä "was dekirallie io giva free selection to the £ «at tody 0f the people. On n msHer «f ;nis kind, one would naturally expect that a gre,\fc .wtesman would look for a precedent on a large iwta to thow 'colonias which bad had to deal with extensive, tr*_ts of was e lands; and that being the case, pre eminently o'i^ií they to loak to hatnartVr the Hew* World where co ousa'ian had been corried on on the most gigantic, the mast sir. Jes,-U io ile -to the Uüit-d States of America, li m gat n*tu.ni y be n.qnired whether, from su.h. an _ Pn'nple as this before , them, sometnlng' might no* te found to jnvlde ' them lu their oresent circumstances ; when they knew that ia a comparatively ihorU- paceof time-short in the history of a nation-a population of between thirty and forty millions had been comfortably settled in this fair region of the earth ; that no cemplaint&of; a very serious kind bad been made against the mode in which thev administered their public lands that though faults had been fonnd with the system, yet that Buch would be.tbe rase with all systems ; yet thaï it ! WBS admitted that the mode of administering their publie land» was one that this colony, or any other new country, might regara ns an example to follow, with Borne small modifications to adapt it to the peculiar features of th.s country :-when they Baw all this, he was surprised that more had not been made of the experience that was to be gleaned Irom that groat country, lo the bill to which he alluded as having been brought ¡in by himself, he bad endeavoured to embody the leading pro visions of the American system. He WSB compelled to moke these observations, though they were not made with anj view to magnify himBelf for anything he mhrhthave dtne when he filled tbeoffloe of Secretary for bauds, but Eolelv to put himself in a proper light before the public. i In th"e two bills new before the House, the bon. Secretary had professed to imitate the policy of the United States; bit either the bon. Secretary must have very nnperfeotly understood their system, or else he must have purposely evaded some of ti eir most Important provisions Oneof the great features of the American syBtem was the survey^ of districts, -¡that persons wishing to have lund before the Burvey overtoak the dis- trict in which they wished to settle, should be permitted to select land, to sit down npon and oultiv_ta it, and to become, in the true sense of the word, squatters. But the hon. Secretary for Lands seemed to hive over- looked the fact that whereas tha free selector or squatter who went in advance of the tide of settlement was, under the American system, here to be overtaken by the survey of the district In a comparatively short space of time; thfrewasno provision made in the bill which ths bon. Secretaiy had introduced for such an event, bnt men were left to select where they would, to go where no surveyor could reach them, and no provisions were made for in- cluding those »electors at any time within the pale of civilisation. There was another very essential difference between this bill and the American system. There they had what was called free grass. He knew that this was one of the bon. Secretary's trump cards, that it was a subject upon which be had talked langer and oftener than upan any other, that he had said upon moro than one occasion that free grass was in other words no grass at all ; and that the hon. member had found that it acted so remark- ably fnvcnrably for his popularity, that he made use of it upon every great occasion. In America they had free grass; the freeholder had free U6e of the grass of the whole territory until overtaken by the survey. It he ahose to occupy a portion of a district which was surveyed, he had the free use of the unocoupied portion until the surveyed district came to be taken up. If he went beyand the limits of the surveyed district be had tho use of the whole of the unalienafed territory around bim. He (Mr. Black) thought he saw here in reality anch a thing as free grass. The difficulty in this country of introducing such advan- tages as these arose from this-whereas in America there was territory unoccupied until the tide of civilisation had come up; in this country we had it occupied at distant intervals by flocks and herds which fattened upon its lands. It was because this was the case that he had never | been ebie to advocate to Its fullest extent the introduction i of the American land system ; but he had endeavoured to j n.troduce a modification of its principles. Toe hon. Secretary for LandB might give the people grvss, but It was not free. The bon. member did not believe In the existence of free gra^s ; but in the bill which was intro- duced by himBelf (Mr. Clack), believing as be did in the possibility of giving it, and of the great advantage it would be to that class ef people he desired to see Intro- duced, namely, small squatters and farmers, he endea- voured to modify the American system, so as still to secure the advantages of free grass. He did BO in this manner: that there should be Bnrvoyed within a certain period, and at all times kept suneyod, a quarter of a million of acres, [Mr. ROBERTSON : We have half a million now I] It should be snrveyed in settlements of eight thousand acres. Within the limits of those set- tlement', ary one should be at liberty at once to go and take np whatever ho desired, and until the whole of the settlement WSB occupied he should havp the free use of the grass around about him, and that the freeholders within the limits of any particular settlement should be authorised to malte such regulations as they themselves shonld_ think expedient for the fair and impartial use of the grass* lying in the midst of them. There had been a great deal of mystification and misrepresentation of the American land eyttem ; nnd seeing that it was important that the matter shot Id be placed clearly before them in order to enable them to judge how far the bills introduced oame wa to this (perhaps the highest) standard for a land policy, he proposed to occupy a brief time in showing what the United States land policy really was. The au- thority he »hould cite WOB one of unquestionable reliance, and held a high otliclal situation in the United States-it was Mr. Francis Bowen, Professor ef Moral Philosophy and Civil Polioy lu Harvard College. That gentleman, in a woik entitled " The Principles of Political Economy, applied to the Condition, the Resources, and the Iaatitu» t ions of the American people," writes as follows : The land Is carefully divided by the Government surveyors into townships BIT miles square, each of these being subdivided into tbirty-nx sections of one square mile, or 640 acres each. All ia held at a minimum price of I dollar 35 cents an acre ; find the sales are made at public auction as rapidly a6 the progroe« of the populntion BccmB to rerjuiie. Landa which will not bring: 1 dollar ¡5 cents an acre at the public sale are still held by the Government, tubieot to entry at any future time at pin üte rale, end at the minimum price. Ar.y person can (elect a quarter, or even an eighth section, ICO or eighty acree, wherever he can find one siirvoyed and not yet cold, and by making a record of bia intention to occupy and settle it himself, he can iccure what is called the "pre-emptive right" -a right which, partly by the force of law and partly by custom, amount« to a privilege of purchasing that land at the minimum price cf 1 dollar 25 cents an acre whenever the Government shall think proper to sell it, which it will de when the settlement ia io far advanced aa to render it probable that most of the land in the ..loinity will bring that price. Tous the »ctual settler, In truth, ebtains hie land ou credit, though all actual eales are for oaeh, lie bas credit till the actual sale is ordered, and sonic year« may in- tervene, during which he may proceed to clear and cultivate his land, and actually obtain enough from it to make up ita price, «cure thai no one will o\eruld him, and that he cannot be obliged to pay more than 1 dollar 25 sent« an acre for it, huwever great may have been his improvements, leay this system has worked welt, the only cvi\ experienced Under it being, that speculators will sometimes buy up largo tract« not subject to pre-emption right at the minimum Government price, and bold them for an Indi finite period, hoping that, as the popu- lations gradually close up and conoentrale around them, thoy may again bo brought into niaiket at a much advanced price. While thus held, the j retrain unocoupied broad patches of wilderness among tho settlements, obstructing communication between the surrounding lands, and barring out occupation and improvement. But there IB a check to this evil in tbe fact that such lands aro subjict to Stole taxntion, though they arc tax-free before theyi are fold by the Unifd Sutes, nnd mo tnxcB being proportioned to the rise in value oi the property, it is not for the interest of Che speculators to retain the land a long timo. Relying upon an authority of Buch unimpeachable cha-i raoter loi a true exposition of the American land polioy, he should like to ask the hon. Secretary for Landp, and those who supported these bills in their integrity, where were the features of resemblance between tbe American system and these characterless measures now Introduced ? No doubt, the hon. Secretary for Lands believed in these, principles himself, but he was egregiouslv mistaken if he thought thnt when passed into law they" would tend in any degree to a practical solution of the difficulty the1 House was endeavouring to grapple with. In America land was sold at a dollar and a half, or 5s. an acre. The bon. Secretary for Lands nude the price of land in this' colony, to olstant from the mother country, and' that source of emigration (Europe), as high as 20s. an acre, with no attempt to reduce it ; so tbAt he (Mr. Black) believed the land would pass into the hands of wealthy men at very inadequate prices. More thin this, the bon. fceoretary insisted that this free selector (rather bond-slave) should occupy and cultivate the land for three years before he cou'd make it his own. The consequence of this would be that many, having during that time spent their money, energies, labour, and hope m vain, would look upon toe land with loathing. If the hon. member at the head of the Government had been désirons of standing well with the community, or of cultivating that popularity to which he appeared to attach so muoh importance, why did he not endeavour to give the free selector (the Door man) land at a reduced price ? Why not make an effort to bring the price down to such figure as would make the acqusition of it a boon to him? When he considered how great were the advantages, in point of price of land and comparatively small' dist-nce, ' which the United States of America, and the thereto ad-1 jocent British colonies, offered to intendiug immigrants ' Jrom the mother country-as compared with these colo- nies-he was qnite unable to see on what ground« It could be supposed that they could expect, now trat asBisted immigration was put an ead to, that «mi- grants could ever be indnced to come out to this country, rbeie.was nothing that would be likely to attract them out lo thete shores in what was tobe found in either of tnese two bills. Such an i&flux; of immigration was what Uiey jill mott desired to see, but what, ?»??_ í.Mt,ln,í 4l?ot to in «y wa-v promoted by the tiras cf thia measure. Should the gold In this ' ÄLT?6'to-pr40J.*a ««"««»of »Kractlon, the land system PurT uJa th l,blU wonld Bot brlnK PeoP18 «""'rom fhh£_. £_?"\tWBi J?*_ltabto that they »*»-M I»T Ti£t i K^ .*.*«?. If they did not make their land policy a liberal one it would be absolntely impassible for tT In-t?*-eepl£Up!aBe iB theT* » tad to run w th vSSL?T"*?* BEd «¿««"d- le »ymg this he (Mr. Black) did not Bean to «y that be intended to express hi, entire approbation of etther of the land systems adopted in those two oelon es. With respect to the Und r!Í_rem_fl \eMa' to WleWthat it was one that was so . complle&ted; m its arrancementB > na to render it extremely probable that it would have to1 H\\* Aud an,d stop1*08«1 before,very long- perhaps before it had been In operation for more than a twelvamosth. And, again, as compared with this bill, he must say that he considered the land policy of Queensland was one that was infinitely morellbera'. Looking npon the provisions of that bill as compared with those of this, he must say that he thong)tthat Oiieenilatd wcpJtl he, by parties intending toemigiate, considered to be infinitely preferable to this colony when it'came to have to bear such a burden-such an incubas as this measure. (Hear, bear.) The noliey. here was, nadonM, or ought to be, the throwinrr of land orion to ready sale and otcnnancy,; but whatever w« done in tironiotn-K mí h an object, they were b, ti idIt« tike caro and see that treyd.d not injure the pisterai httreMsol the colony. It tóight be said that in thai partially opp-iinfe this bill, as be intended to c1* '»* was running «ranter to his well known oplnionfion the land question. Ho such thing. It was no more than what was lust to the pastiral interest that he desired to Bee seeurad. It required no very sagacious nn'nd to see, even driring the first week's residence In this colony, the great extent and importance of the pastoral interest. At one no very remote period the pastoral interest snpnlled an amount ot material wealth' greater than any other. Its importance as an Interest, he had never ques- tioned for à moment. Even at a time when he Mr. Black) was - r_uoclated with that body, of men, the Lind Leagno-uf whom the hon. member the Premier had spoken in such inconsistent, such sneer- ing, and steh unworthy terms-he, and those who hod acted With him, had never undervalued the real import- ance or that Interest. (Cries of hear.) And here he would take leave to ask upon what ground it was that the bon. member the Secretary for Lands had dared to Bpeak In snch unbecoming, and such disparaging terms of any body of men who had thought proper to give expression to their opinion upon the Land Bill, or upon any other subject ? It appeared, however, that the Land League had committed the grave offence of having independent ideas, and of having manifested a deposition to support those opinions which they had conceived to be Une, with- out any regard as to what might be the sentiments of the members of the present Government Therefore it was that they were to be spoken of with such undeserved oon "tempt-as If they were not as deeply, as warmly, and, he would even venture to say, as honestly interested m the settlement of the great land question as those -who have brought this measure forward. And what did the Land League say on this question ? They said, In their printed manifesto, that, much as they approved of the land system of America, it was one that it was impossible altogether to adopt in this colony, inas- much as the fact of there long having been here (what there «as not in the early days of American settlement) large possessions of Hacks and herds, was an important consideration which could not be ignored. (Hear, hear) As such possessors of flocks and herds, it WHB held by the Leagae that the squatters had undeMabie claims for consideration ' in the settlement of this great question upon the people at large. Still they thought that the system under which the pastoral interests were at present unduly favoured, ought to utelergo a radical change : and that the arrange- ments which were now in torce, for providing grass and water for sheep and cattle, should not be permitted to stand in the way of a settlement of the lands of the colony by a hnman population. He disclaimed emphatically all unthinking hostility to the pastoral interests of the colony, ar.d did by no>eans desire an entire,'or even partial anni- hilation of the pastoral interests of the colony. But they desired to put an end to mere squatting by large capi- talists, and to allow others, of smaller means, to have a share therein, whose cMef recoinraandat'on were but their honesty, their integrity, and their enterprise. He believed that " Ireo gruss," which had been scouted by the hon. the Secretary for Lands, was moit essential tolhe prosperity of agricnlture. It tended to strengthen the opinion he had always entertained of the policy of the Cowper Government and the Robertson Government, in reference to the question of pnblic lands, when he found that they had, by the alterations in their land bills, shewn that they had teen the necessity of modifying some of what he (Mr. Blank) called their oppressive conditions.. It was proposée! in the first bills introduced by Mr. Robert- son that land should be alienated on these conditions : thft 10s. should be paid on taking possession, that the purchaser should reside for five years upan the land. Mr. ROBERTSON : No ; one year. Mr. BLACK-And that they Bhould effect improve- ments to the extent of 10s., and pay the balance of the price, as it was called, at the end of the period. Now, these conditions were found too oppressive, and they had lestricted the period to tbreeyears. Mr. ROBERTSON : Only one year in either oase-in this bl 1 or the other. Mr. BLACK : It was necesBary that he should reside for three years on the land, either by himself or some one. Mr. ROBERTSON : Oh ! Mr. BLACK was sorry the hon. gentleman should think It consiBteut with his position to interrupt any one on grounds such as those. The hon. member was splitting straws, and it was evident that he (Mr. B.) was correct. The depth of the lots, too, inBtcad of being forty chainB, were now limited to twenty. He thought, from what he bad stated, It would be seen that between these bills and the American system there was only one feature of resemblance, and it was this-that undor both all persons wishing to have land might go where they pleased. But the b Us of the hon. gentleman opposite were destitute of all thoBe other features of the American land policy whioh made the system of free selection of anything like practical value. With regard to the price he was not aware that there wore many who entertained serious objections to anything like a reduction. He could never Bee any magic in the price of 20s. He would go further. He hau never been able to see any sound reason in the price of 20s. What could be urged in its favour except that they had had 20¿. for a number of years past? It might with equal reason be urged that the price had been eohBiderably lower. In Tasmania land had been sold at 10s. ; in tie United States at a dollar and a quarter. In both Upper and Lower Canada the price of land had been somewhat lower than even n the United States. He wonld also ask what consistency was there in retaining the price at 20s. while they professed to be desirons of giving facilities to the great body of the people to acquire land ? Would it be maintained that land in this colony was as well worth 20s. as land in Ameica was worth 5s. ? He thought that could not fairly be urged. The price of land ought to be brought down to the lowest pos- sible figure. There were some who said they could not regard the price of land as a principle. It was difficult sometimes to Bettie what were principles aad what were details, but 999 out of a thousand app'ioantsfor land would at once recognise the difference between payi.K £100 and £50 for the same tting. They would readily acknowledge that that difference was Buch as to entitle it to the charac- ter of a principle in the fullest sense of the word. In endeavouring to settle the price of land they were bou'id as far as possible to bring some prinoiple to bear upon their calculations as an element in ming that price What principle, thtn, was there for them to refer to? They had the example of other countries, but other countries vi ere no Anide to them in this resnect. He believed, however, that It was passible to find another stai.dard He had long held that tbe only and the utmost price which the Government ot this coun- try was justified in charging for land oistributed among the people-to whom the land belongs-was a price which should be equal, and no more than equal to the expense which the Government might incur in putting them fairly atd fully in possession of the land. (Hear, hear.) Tnat WBB an anpreciable principle. It could not be urged that it had taken anything like 20s. per acre to put the occupant in pcBsesBion of the land. He believed, however, that it cost more to do this than most persons imagined, but he tbeneht it did not exceed from 5B. to 10s. If they, adopted 10s. they would be fixing upon a price which wonld cover all legitimate expenses in putting the occu- pant in possession of the land, and recognise the only principle which he had ever been--able to get bold ef, in settling this question of price.1 He did not know how far the Government might be dis.1 posed lo insist upon the price-how far they were deter- mined to stand or fall by that principle of the bill He imagined, however, the Government were not wedded to' their opinion as to price, as he found they introduced a sort of sliding scale. The price to the " bona fide" agri-l cultnriBt was «ned at twenty shniingn, whilst the price of what was termed inferior or back lands was set down at' five shillings. He wonld like to know on what prinoiple, and by whom the classification was to be effected. And besldep, the bill gave a disoretionary power-a most dan- gerous power-(hear, hear)-to the Government in rela- tion to the price. He would not say that this Government were less worthy to be entrusted with such a, power than any whioh might succeed them ; but in his opinion no such discretion should be left with any Government whatever. (Hear, hear.) Why, he wonld ask, Bhould there bo any distinction of price? It would be argued, no donbt, that some lands were much better situated than others, and this, no donbt, was a reason to advance in favour of a variation in price. But were there only two qualities of land to be dealt with? Why n;t adopt the plan of the merchant or trader, who fixed the prices of his wares according to their eiualily alone? There were as many different descriptions of land as of sngar, or any other article ; and if they were to have a sliding scale of prices for land.it must be a justly and scientifically graduated scale. How were the Govern ment to lix the value of the land ? How were they to ascertain the proper price Mr. ROBERTSON : Sale by auction. i Mr. BLACK :i_io doubt this would give the opportunity of framing a.cale, and to tome extent perhaps it was an answer to what he had Btated. Bat he would remind the i hon. member (Mr. Robertson) that 'with the great majority of the people the auction system had baen I deneiunctd-(hear, hear)-in the strongest terms, aB having lr.flicted grevons irjury on the country, and ' materially retarded its settle ment and progress. (Hear. llZl ,,.WHu ,b,6, ¿"»»Mge »ot this \ fact before us, It would be wrong to say that the' auction system was one which conld be at all commended. No, he¡thought the price must be fixed by the bill itself, without rofereuoe to auction, and wlthonh leaving.such a discretionary power in the hands of ? the Government. (Hear, hear ) This brought him to ?.« ,Jiloked nP°n as the predominant feature of the bill. If they were to judge of the views of the Govern- ment, apart from the plausible speeches In which those views were put forth, the only object of this bill would , seem to beto exaetthe utmost farthing for the land. Judired ¡ ot by its provisions alone, pricewonld appear to be the ' paramount object. No doubt he should be told this was not the case-that the sole objeot «ras to secure settlement and population. (" Hear,hear," from Mr. Robertson.! But ¡T. » '?. m. many other m-tters, he feared the word of promise oft .given to the ear and broken to the hope by lí!J>rS?5Dt G°_er»ment- They promised one thing and £5"i_.id M0Ulf!:\ lf tbe Government wonld say that _ÄV-_li!"ithe,.r I5ain obiect> aDd 8t,U «sert tbe¡r ettsrniHjntlon to stand ly the principles contained in these bills, he (Mr. Black) thought lie would bejostlfied P questioning their sincerity and also their coasistoncy. Population was the grand1 object thvfc should be kept ia vlf w He believed, with the hon. member for tho Glebe (Mr. Carrpbel.), that it the land eunld be given awav, fre.J oi ¿Ist, forP pur lo,,» of *elt Writ, this waul 1 be the. b-rt possible n 01o of alienation that could be adopted (Ho er, hear.) Hut it was found that price WHS, III the oi rou in- stances c1 this colony, an essential ingrédient in the just administration ol the public lands. (Hea^lhear ) The great object with them was to get the people settled on the land; to próvido for the masses who were Buffering dis- tress in our towns and cities; to diminish the Dumber or our superfluous city population, and enable them to enjoy those blessingB which it was, in their power to reap rrora the cultivation tf the soil. '(Hear, bear) But this *as not the object which appeared in these bills; price seemed to be the OBIV thing kept in view. And if price was con- sidered essential, he (Mr. Black) must award these bills the palm of superiority over all other measures hitherto, introduced. Another important feature in tbe b '1 bMore the House was the principle of deferred payments. This was another delusive provision. The whole bill, indeed, waB a mass of delusions. It proteased to give free seleo tlon, but in reality free selection was not conceded at all. '(Hear, hear ) And se with regard to deferred ptyments. " There was no such thing secured bj the bill. But if there were, he (Mr. Black) thought it was questionable if any system of deferred payments could equal the advan- tages which would accrue from reducing the price of iand to the lowest possible figure. (Hear, hear.) He was not forgetful that he had at one period expressed himself as favourable to deferred payments. (" Hear, bear," from Mr. Robertson.) But this opinion was expressed at a time when he saw there was little room to hope for a reduction of price. It had always been hiB inmost desire that there should be a reduction of the price of land rather than a deferring of payment-that a man should bave an opportunity given bim to make himself a property that he might call bis own, and of whioh no power on earth should be able to deprive him ; and that he should have begotten in bim those feelings of independence the maintenance of whioh would be best for the family of which he was the head, and for the community of which he was a member. They had heard too much already of deterred payments, and too many in the commanity had already felt the bitter effects of di ferred poyments. In some cases they had proved to be no payments at all; and he thought that the effect nrder this bill would be very much the same. If it were adopted, he felt that it would tend not only to degrade ' but to endanger the State. Was it desirable, he would ask, that, whilst they proposed to plant thousands, nay, tens of thousand» on their public lands, that they should do so upon conditions that would place the p ipnlation in a position of dependence upon the state, a position in which a debtor stands toa creditor? (Hear.) Such would not be a right state of things. Better far would it be that the price ot land should be reduced, than that the Bettler and the country should be saddled with this phantom of deferred payments, to frighten and degrade it. If the land law here had been in all points lite those of the Medes and Persians, that could not be altered, and that it was absolutely necessaiy that if thoy lud a price at all they must have the 20s. an acre, then he might have' been led to believe that it would be advisable to haye some forms of deferred payments. But the more be had ' thought over it, the more he had felt that for the sake of % the commnnity, and for the sake of each individual* * * concerned in the matter, that it would be much better to reduce the price of land, ao that the purchaser might stand upon land that he might call his own and on which he conld be a free man, than occupv it in the position of a debtor to the State. There was another very objectionable feature in this bill, and that was that it reserved far too great a power to the Land Minister of the day, or to t*ae ""Government. This he conceived, to be a predominant feature of this bill, and the House ought to endeavour, as far as possible, to denude the Executive of the discretion- ary power with which they wished to clothe themsolvis. Even the bon. Secretary for Lands would not dispute that this element of discretionary power previiled to a very great extent in this bill. [Mr. ROBERTSON : Less than in yours ] He doubted that very much. But if the bill he had introduced hud gone to a second reading, and had been subjected to the seasoning hand of this House, he would have been prepared to strip tbe Gover-nraont of every par- ticle of discre ionary power that could be shown to bB of a dangerous character. It had never been his object to have any Mich discretionary power; but here in these billa there was a manifest attempt to secure it It ought to be the object of the House to legislate fixedly and finally, and thus to leave nothing of any importatce to be determined upon by the Government. [Mr. ROBERTSON ¡ " Where is any thing of importance left to the Government '! '3 Ho need only refresh the hon. Secretary's memory with one ii star ce, by telling him that the price of land, which was the very element of power, was to a great extent left to the discretion of the Government. He conceived that it would not be necessary to direot the bon. Secretary's attention to anything fu'tbër than this to show that such power was claimed. Then, again, in the very finst part of the bill, the second or third clause, he found something to which he had a very strong objection. It was there proposed to repeal certain Acts and Orders in Conncil, but only such as were repugnant to the principles of this bill. Now it would require a very nice examination, by a very discriminating mind, to show in how few, or in how many respects these aots and orders were repugnant to the provisions orthis bill. Why, then, he would atk, should there be only this partial rep?al? was it not proposed by the hon. member opposite, as the brightest feather in his cap, that it had fallen to his lot to give an entirely new land policy to the country, that eluuld lav the foundation of ita welfare and advancement? If that were the case, and if it were true, as the bon. Secretary stated, that the com, try had been moving hitherto in a wrong direction, why should they not do the thing effectually, and repeal the whole of the existing Acts and regulations. By so doing, any one who wished to know bow New South Wales administered her land policy might be referred to these bit's as the Btandaid on which to form his judgment. But with a bill that repealed rnly part of the Acts and regulations they would never be able to satisfy themselves or others as to what the laid policy of the COULtry really was. To bis mind they ought to have it as a cardinal point that all former regolat'ons should be abolished from the time when their new ard vaunted policy first took effect. Let this be the foundation stone of the new edifice they were raising up ; and in the r present legislation let the whole system of the management of their public lands be embodied. It bad been said that there were lew even amongst those who were the most interested in the publio lands whq really understood the resnlations under which they occu- pied them ; that they had in course of time become so complicated and eutargled that on many questions it became exceedingly difficult to say how the law stood. Seeing then that there was so much uncertainty in the matter, their total abolition would give them a clean sheet to start with, and consequently this ought to be tbe very first step for them to take. He thought that he had now taid enough to show that whilst he was prepared, as an extreme course that was justified by the urgency of the occasion, to vote for the second reading of this bill, ytt that be regarded it as being faulty in many TespectB; and consequently that, though he might vote for the second reading, bo should do so with the deliberate intention-not from any factious motive-of as far as possible engrafting on this bill provisions embodying principles such as those he had alluded to. Should he succeed in reducing the measure, to some limited extent, to what he conceived to be a practical form he should vote for its third reading ; but if be should' fail in carrying ont his views, he should reserve to himself the right of voting againBt the bill on Its third wading, He did not know in what position the Government would find themselves plaoed, if the House, after agreeing to the second reading, should reject the measure on the third i reading; but he would, tell the bon. Minister that the principle was a very different one,whioh led an hon, member to vote fur a second reading in the hope of amending a bill, and whioh compelled him to negative a third reading wbenall hope of amendment was gone, and v» ben tho measure was regarded as one ill adapted to supply the recurring wants of the country. If he understood the hon. Secretary for Lands aright laist night, he stated that the Government would stand or fall by these bills. Now he (Mr. Black) believed that the House was anxious to take action upon the land question, and that there was no desire to overthrow the Government or bring about a' dissolution. Eor > his own part he could sincerely say he had no desire of the kind. Ho could have no great desire to see the present Government retain their places-their position might be more beneficially supplied by other bon. members he conld see arennd him ; but having arrived at the present state of things, the oppor- tunity of legislating upon the land question ought not to be lightly thrown away, for assuredly it was time all ground of complaint AS to the difficulty of getting land should be removed ia a country with an area of 318,000 square miles, or upwards of 200,000 OOO of acrsB. It was monBtrouB that any difficulty should exist to prevent the acquirement of land in a country like this, with BO sparse a ' population. There should be no resemblance of ground for the complaint that land could not be obtained. He considered that the general condition ol'the country required that Botnetbing should be done spterJiJy and effectively-upon this matter; aid nothing would tend more strongly to revive the sinking ener«ie« of the country than wise, philanthropic, and patriotic législation with regard to the lands. VV hen he thought of the very generally depressed state of trade and cora. ' raeree, and considered how the stieam of population was dwindling away and likely to entirely disappear, he »aw how momentous it was that some legislation upon this subject should be at once entered upon, to resuscitate and advance tbe interests of the colony at large. Ra trusted there would be found a very m anlroous feeling on all sides of the House in favour of the adoption, if possible, of effective and salutary measures In dealing with tie lands. The Crown Landa* Occupation Bill was one not looked upon generally with «o much intereet W tbe Crown Lands Alienation bill, although, no .doubt.onehadanimportantbearingontbeother. But know, tog, as'le did, lhat there were sitting on one side' of tbe i House (on the Gjvernment and Opposition benches) many gentlemen deeply interested is the pastoral pursuits oí the country, he felt that the Crown Lands' Occupation Bill would be dealt with in such a way by them, who were,, he believed, a' majority in tbe House, that no injustice would be done to their interests. They were deeply interested m the bill. Since coming into the House this afternoon he had been informed that gentle- men, whose proper and peculiar duty it was to circulate Oovenr.ent advertisements, to applaud tbo member of the Government, and vjllify those_wlio dared to connaît the offene» of d flering with them orictlqg independently of them-had given it out that, in their estimation, ¡he (Mr Black) bad lost caste in their eyes. But f van ltjhe had been connected w th them «s they were, how wns^tt that these gentlemen took it npVvn them t,o abriia, ns far as they po.sibh c nld any one »horn they snupased was connected with pastoral pursuits When they stood np SB thick nnd- thln adve cates m defence of the hop member at the head of the Government, who himself told the Ilonse that he was as deeply interested in pastoral pursuits as any gentleman in the House. Was this known to that spotless thing the SvnuBT EMPIRE 2 ne did not car» much, nor did ho thin*, a majority of that House «arad muoh.for the ebullitions which showed bow the proprietors of that journal were actuated It bad been fur a long time perfectly apparent that that paper ex sted entirely for the purpose of acverlismg _?O.ÜB _D NAUSEAM, AB WINITÜM, Government aiirouncfcrnvnta, and for upholding all they did No donbt, they might be tbe sentiments of the pro pi letors that were advocated, but it was very doubtful whether. jftVe Guven ment benches had a chango of oc r-npartsbeie would not bo aoh_nge of sentiments with regnid to the gentlemen who now threw somuoh money into their pockets. These gentlemen knew very well that so tur BB the Government with which he had the honour of being connected were concerned-the propri- etors of thlB famous, high-spirited, and pan pastoral jonr nal knew that the Government of the hon. member far Oncaibeyan nevertroubled themselves as to what appeared or WBB omitted in that paper, whether of praise or blame , the owners could use their discretion ss to what they said or did not say. It might be seen from what passed before the eyes of hon. members to day, that there was a WBy of conciliating opinions as advertisements, by which that paper might be made to say pretty nearly the same thing as some non members Perhaps if the hon. mem- ber lor Queanbeyan had thiown as much money into the cc flers ot that paper as the present Government had, the proprietors would not have been so desirons of seeing thom kicked out of office. No doubt the state of things sub- sisting between them and the head of the Government suited both parties veiy well, and It was well for the JVMHBE to do all it could to keep him and h s colleagues in power, as well as to run dorfrn and abuse all those who dared to breathe a siegle whisper against their patronising: friends. But he felt that it was almost an unworthy degradation of the greatnesB of the subject now under discussion (hear, hear) to condescend te allude to such mercenary prostitution as that journal was chargeable with Unless every principle of ethics was to be utterly discarded, Bush proceedings conld net be bnt generally condemned. He Bhould trouble the HOBBS no lurther, but wonld merely state that he should not vote for this bill nnless it u id ;r went material modifications and alterations in committee. (Hear, bear ) i i Mr. HOSKINS saul that he had boen frrqucn ly lectured for Uking up the time of the House, by speaking on the land ques- tion on many occasions, bat it conld scarcely be expected that he should not tror ble tbe House at como length on the present occa- sion as the Land Question wasnow immediately under discussion 1 he hon members who occupied the Opposition benches bad ap- peared 'o be not inclined to come forward and apeak against the bill, although they bad, hitherto, taken advantage of every op portnnlty to oppose the principle of free selection, and had characterised those Mho were in favor of it as advocates for a general scramble It appeared to him that there was notwith stondirg this apparent absence of open opposition to the bill, a tacitly understood desire to emasculate it ia committee It be- hoved, therefore, the friends of the people to be actively on Iho alert, and to see that the interests of the people did not suffer Hut there were amongst bon members on the oppo- site side of the House, some who evidently found it convenient to go with the wind and to row with tho tide Others on the esme side (amongst whom was tho honorable member Mr Black), who plainly intimated their intention of opposing the third reading of the bill unless it were very much altered is committee lhls struck bim as being very strange language for the honor- able member for Kaat Sydney (Mr Black) to make use of-a gentle- man who was m the habit of addressing mob«, arid holding forth to them m a very différent strain. Tho hon member had stated that he did not timk that there waa an imtrediate necessity foi land reform. [Mr, BLACK "I never said so "] Ho begged pardon, he had made a note of the expression at the time. Other hen. members had expressed themselves unfavourable lo the bill on différent gronnda-giving different reasons for their dif- ferently developed hostility to the measure He confessed he admired their conduct, but to him it waB one that appoared to be perfectly inexplicable. He might say that it was not ia conto nance with Parliamentary practice. There were leading princi- ples engrafted in this bill, and he challenged the hon gentlem ui (Mr Forster) to deny that the leading principles were the mode in which the public landa were to be disposed of, tho manner in which the payment would be made, and the conditions upen which persons were allowed to settle upon tbe lands. The quee llon of price was a secondary consideration, and hon members would only be assisting to do what he waB sure many of them had been desirous of doing dlignstthe people with Responsible Government, and with the proceedings of the Legislature, if they supported the seoond read- ing of a bill which they intended to emasculate in committee (hi ar, hear), or expected to induce a liberal Government who intended to adhere to the principles propounded in that bill, to .violate their professions, and to bring Responsible Government into contempt They had heard some queer dogmas by land doctors, but he was sure the public would form an Impartial opinion of their proceedings in reference to this bill If they voted for the second reading, and then tried to get the principles of the bill expunged in committee. He approaohed the consideration of this question with rome diffidence. (Laughter.) He was aware there were mercantile patriots and squatting patriota here, care- less of the welfare cf the country and of the interests of the people, and who looked at everything through the medium of jnimedi&tes; personal gain. There were members here who Would sacrifice country, friends, everything to immediate personal gain. (Laughter ) And such members, bv plausible sophistry, would endeavour to impair the provisions of this bill, and strip it of ita best features But he waa sure every poison who gave the (object consideration, nnlcBs ho was inflated with his own importance, must feel a diffidence in ap- proaching the question (Hear, hear ) He could con- cave no question of equal Importance to this They were called upon to decide the princip o upon which the public lands were to be alienated-to decide whether thie oountry, which contained in itself every element of national grèametB, as had been BO well remarked by the bon nien.bcr (M. Black), was to remain a mero sheep walk, a mere tenai. Hess waste, or whether it was to have an indus tricue population who would feel an attachment to tho soil, and who, in fact, would find it to be thcir.interest to support the Go- vernment .and the laws, because every citiren not tainted by crime wculd have a voice in making those laws. (Hear, hear ) The lend question had cccupied many years sf the lives of most cminect men in other countries, ani particularly in a country which had produced in a short time a larger cumber of statesmen than any other couu ry ia the world He alluded to the Uni ed Statea of america. There were members who vilified the institutions and people or tho Iii itcd States, but he defied any one to shew a country which ia the same space cf time had produced io brilliant a galaxy of statctmon as thatcounliy. If those great statesmen then had devoted eo much of their time to the land question, ought it not to be considered a question of great importance 1 (Hear, hear ) They had heard from many of the members of the Legislature, Ire m many distil gulehed pastoral patriots, and from a certain organ of public opinion which affected to be the exponent of the opinions of those gentlemen, that the Orders in Council were quite sufficient to meet the requirements of the people of New South Wales Now, after these hon. gentlemen had BO long and esrccstly expressed those opinions, they say we ought to have ecmclcnd refotm A change had come over the spirit of their dretms M hen he found that m other countries converts, haw ever enthusiastic, were seldom emcere, ho was prepared to doubt the sincerity of those honorable gentle men (Hear, hcor, and laughter ) In another piece where thiy found a number of antiquated nobo-le« (liughtir)-thee »me opinion would probably bo odvancod , but he was prepared to t love that the Orders in Council were not adapted to etevelopc the agncnltnrol resources of the country, or to meet the desire implanted in every human breast to acquire a horre fer hiñese», and to enable him to rear up hie family m decency and respectability, and to give hu children the benefits ol an eiucatlontwhich, he regretted to say, many were not re ci ¡ving hero at present. He would only remind bon member« who would attempt to confute these assertions, and to show that the Orders in Connell were not adapted to meet the requirements of the colonista, to note tfcia fact, that the early settler» of New South Wolct-which was blessed with a genial climate and fernie soil-which was indented with numcrouB harbours, and possessed a number of river« navigable a considerable dUiance from the «eaboard-with all thuir advantages ii _.%" ¡?in our lrcre «"""felled to import cereal« to the value of£"eo,oco peronnum These fact« ought to oonvlncq han numbers that the present land regulation were not aufflolent 5 hey were now importing breadstuff« from the weat coast of south America, whioh wa« settled bv the descendant« of the erieminule bpapiarde, and who had been «tlmulated to a little cpteipriso bv an infusion of the Anglo Sajçon element«. They ímpor ed too from California, where, twelve year« ago, there were not fifty person« speaking the English language-a country where noiain tell for three month« in the yetrfand Xro a gre"? mimter of i griculmr.atB were obliged to adopt an artificial «j« em of irrigation, which had never been .«oneThere In tait Stale they were not favoured by having (o many out L-hi» ,ÏL, *° m??T nat,n,al harl»0ur6, nor so many' navi fÜll LI I8 ". ,hlB co}oay . and ?et> »though ii 1818, T.w«.nefii,Kf ft7 p?0I'e lbcre> tDcy hail, now all the .pi ?eouir Ï io,S1T' *nd mT«"«tn"d nearly everything they ï,?.-«£, _ .the.'.r "** "?»i«"»>Ptlon. They had the electra J «ííff. r«!"1""118 5° ÏU the 01lie» B-d «ha mining town«, £ Al1"?' and o<°«mean«of advancement and ¿dmfort. «ira« HA* WMe 0,dlou,'. ta would venture to read an R?M» "ti Khtc')-concerning the agricalture of thi« Slate, to show the material progress they had made hïil«î. ,ï_îi'"dln,S ,hí SP",l0D" or tome non- Bentlemen, h¿ «» I, Vi,h"e mie,'n tn(!Hoi">c ">any who would pay «orno ro *Fátl.tir. À"im1C.°.D J°u,,,a»»18. »?"> Pl'oe «>me confidence in the statistice of American agricultural socletioB - i*.'"Th* ;«"ricu,,1tnral production« of California arc becoming very IT, A,c"c,djEB «° «cent «tal letica gathered in tbe»everal Ma this wo« in a country where in 1852 there was not a «ingle «beep. There fact« would prove to unprejudiced and disin tei<sted minde that there watuometbing rotten in tho land regu ii«-,0/i,h,'iC_l0By% f»« argument had been frequently "döf»^S"i r_f1H/^',,cd up«un by aP?T'i°n oftVPrcss,that if woHlonal facilities were niven to agriculture (hey woull injure lb"./.<1U,Rt,"¿' ."?_ thnt "the «I»Mtef« were Injured they w«Id rraer.ally effect the export of that which ha« been termed t_e wculd not be the «se. There were many who nupposed that squatting on a gltomic scale we« synonymous with developing the ?*'' o'«hc "»»»ry (bear), hut what did they'flndIn W South Wales s« compared with other countries ! Here squatung tod tren bolstered up by a pa»ernal Government com £ S. S v , tíBt?' aEd whií:h framed law« for the «mat of tiut eloa«»lone, bmourwcol export« wer»increasing only in a very email degree. He waa aware that the dlsmember rrent pf Queensland had bten a los» to ua of a large number of theep , but bon, member» were aware that IS lClhs of the wool ?îi?Uv 'n Qneen«l»iid ws« Bent to Sydney for shipment In 1BS7 the pro faction of wool wa« 17,014 201 lb« , in 1853 It ""oonttn to 13,553,835 lbs , and in 1859 It wa« only 17 261,359 A» i Î Tma *lattd that in tbe BiitiBh colonies of binthern sn.Iiifiwhe*e lh«e wc;c np gigantip «quatter« occupying from ?í.,0.IC?«'.Q.n,"J1íU,1of te»«9ryi the export of wool wa« 1 723,453 lbs. in 1Í43, and litjt vcarlt amounted to 14.3G9,3l3 lb«. That f ict ncie proved that it wai not necessary to -ol«ter up squatters. Vi i? , ? row tnrD t0 »no«»«' country Wbere land« were sub- divided into very small quantities. Britbm India, in 1813, «uo Çii'A ,i.S1.6.,ä0 lb_'. índ »*86S,403 lb..' last year 7r,ftc,.itallMic»P'p"d «natUwMnot .eoeaeary to fo ter largo ÔÏÏ » r.f r'-C??-,t"ft *D!,bal a diff"«-« ««.«« of toinge wla qui t tcirpa^ bit vi th m itcreaee of txpor.« The paolsrai tt. »eurie» el ihi» coltny hou been frittered away. If lhere wa» any portion cf tbo bill before the Huuso worthy of »apport, it was that of guaranteeing not J frit grats, for he wa« m a position to show that free grass wa», \ as v » stated by the Premier, no grass at all, but the right of a «mull agriculturist to lease a certain portion of Crown lands ra whlelt to l'tpattnre his stock. Another Brgument used by thoso 'who I ad been in the hubit of supporting tbe daim» of tho tquatteie wa« that the wool produced was of higher value than the o her raw products of the colony. But he would prove from ttotis'.icB cimpiltd by a Government official and a squatter - Mr. Rolleston - that the value of the wool exported from tho oolony waa lower in amount than the agricultural and gold produoe. The once despised gold minftg «mmnnity produced an «tide of more value than the .ouatlingaiistocraoy. Those facts ought to convince bon. morn hers that what ihey bad to frequently asserted wa» not borne out by faots, aid that it waa high lime «me alteration ehould be made in ti c land »je'.cm of the colony. Mr. Haines, lately Chi« Bccretrry of Victoria-* gentleman who waa by no mean» to bo tliured *» a e'emccrnt-bad-given bia opinions on the matter, and at »Hireling in Geelong pointed out very clearly tho «vilsot the sjitem created by the Orders in Council. [The honorable member here entered into a running commentary on the part which Mr. Dcm.ldeon, Mr. Forster, and other gentlemen hail i«ktn in respect to the working olasees in lime» past, and con- cluded by quoting at some length from a speech made by Mr. Haines condemnatory of the Orders in Council] Hecould not seo on what itiitarounde free selection could be refused tothepoor mon »hen (t ¿ad teen exercised all along by the wealthy squatter. It was free telcotion that had enabled the squatters-tbe »o-ca led pioneers of the country-to amata their vast wealth. It was freo selection lhat had enabled tho bon. member for Bathurst ( «r. Of mints) and the hon. member for tho Çlarenoo (Mr. Irving) to «cn» their piincely possession«. # He (Mr. Hoskin») wouldii a o io know on what groindB either of those gentlomen would think. of voting now against the principle of free f«le°V,?nj"SDu^0 hoped he should find them voting cordially for the bill, and lend- ing iheir exe-rtionB to perfeot a meaeure whioh was désignée! to confer on their poorer fellow-colonists tho same benefit« which they themselves bad exercised on a moro extensive eoale. He might remind the Minister for Lands, in his opening speech, he made a remark that wa» calculated to mislead, by saying that occupant» of Crown lands could purchase their homestead» with- out competition. Now,:why had not the hon. Secretary told the House that ccenpants of Crown lands might purchase the whola of tho laid he held, if the Minister woutd permit it! Ho must, however, say that whilst there were very many who had availed themselves of this privilege, there were still come-though he regretted to say they were only few in number-who had con scientioufly refused to avail themselves of tho right that wai given to ttcm at the expense of their fcUow-eoloniata. He had heard the hon. member for Eden say that, in making the purchase» under the pre- emptive right, tho tquatter wa» nearly always compelled to purchase» a large quantity of bad «long with bia good land; but he (Mr. H.) might tay ihat in all his uxpenenco-and it had been very great in all part» of the colony-be had never seen a bit of bad land bought by a squatter. He would point to tho Armidale restive as an instance of how this system wa» calculated, and an »Bowing the nectstity for some speedy change. There hon. members'micht witness the anomaly of a large number of tenant« occupying land that had been bought up under pre-emptive right, and he need hardly say that tenant» were not a class that ought to be found existing in a new country uko this. It nail been'mid over «nd over again that agriculture would not pay here, but when they saw that flour waa sent to ihn colony from California, where wage» were much higher than they were in New South Wale», it muat be quite evident that that could not be the cause. What, then,, was it I Why, it wa» this, that the larger proportion of person» engaged in agricultural pursuit» in thia colony wero tenants fiona whom was exacted a moBt exorbitant rent, and thus oould not competo with the freehold proprietor of other countries. This fact »lone, 'he considered to be sufficient to show the necessity for some (peedy charge. He had mentioned ono case in tho vicinity of Armidale to show the evil efleets of tho present »y»tem, and ho conld, if necessary, mention many othors, in which tenant» of the Crown had selcoted long strips of the beat land on tho bans» of creek» or on alluvial flat»; and tho result wa«, that now, if the agriculturist wished to purchase land, be would have to tako it without water, or on a range, or in some back oountry. But with all the evil« of the present system, if it had only been fairly and impar- tially administered, thero would not havo teon tbo same outcry ; for whilst reserve» had been made, they had always been made in the worst localities that conld be found, and thus any person deEiring to purchase waa driven to these, whioh wero worthless There were other reason» why reform wa» necessary. Ho had on many cccation« called the atteution of the House to the gras« jobbery that bad been evinced on the part of »orno of the Govern- ment surveyors, but there were other persona than tneso who were also concerned in the jobbing in the public lands, and whose name« he would mention ii bo wera required to elo so. One of these was a gentleman on tbo Clarence, Mr. Bligh, who was now one of the foremost in agitating the dismem- berment of the Clarence and Richmond River districts from New Seuth Wales. And why waB this Î Because he knew that the close squatting legislature of Queensland would bo sure by their legislation to block up all tho public lande from »ale, and that consequently he would be able to let his land» at a good rent to agricultural tenant». He could allude to another Government lurveyor In New England-Mr. Oliver-who had |bcen jobbing extensively in publio lands. And here he was oonatralned to avy that he was astonished the hon. member for Sydney Eatt, who retired to be so well acquainted with the American practice, bad tot told the House what tho custom in surveying was there. He (Mr. H.) would tell hon. member» that in Amerioa the surveyor invariably marked the lot» with pegs ; but here they did not do so. (Mr. ROBERTSON :" Yes.") He would admit that when the bon. Secretan first came into office he made a change in thia respect, but latttrly the lot» hud been very indistinctly marked for sale-so much so that it wa» all but impossible! for .a purchaser to distinguish the different lots. He alluded to the ease of Mr. Oliver, who had trafficked in lind in townships, and be wa» informed that when persons applied to him to know whether, certain land wa» open for soleotion, be said he did not know, end then went and bought the land him- self insider to be able to sell it to the person requiring it at a profit. He thought, therefore, the cflf.ct of Government sur- veyor» availing themselves of their situation to traffic in the pub- lie land» ought to convince bon. mombors that free selection before survey was desirable. The hon. member for East Mac quaiie had acknowledged that the hon. Secretary for Linda had advocated the principios oontaincd in this bill years ago. Again they found thu the publio had been compelled to pay for the sur- veying of 500,000 acree of land which nobody would buy. If any argument waa required to prove that free selection waa neceecary he thought this fact alone ought to prove It. A» a matter of economy, publio policy, and justice to the people, therefore, he Hutted that the gentlemen who sat on the Opposition benches would ccnccda the privilege now. He would now proceed to show thal the OrdeiB in Council were cot made to meet the re- quirements of the country, because they gave privileges to the lessor» of the Crown, that they could purchase ICO acrtB of water frontage. It was an ;argamont that New Soulh Wale» wa» baily watered. He put it, therefore, whether it was desirable that this privilege of monopolising the whole of the water frontage ehould be granted. Ha thought this was a privilege that ought not to bo enjoyed by any colonist in a country so badly watered as New 8outh Wale». And many per- sons availed tberoBclve» of this privilege, and ono hon. member bad got a strip of land that cut off the water frontage from u lurge portion of land. (Mr. IRVING : Would yon not avail yourself of the privilege if you could!) This question had been put to bim very often. He freely admitted that he blamed no person for availing himself of tbe privileges, he wa» entitled to by law ; but he hi lieved that the law waa unjust and impcrfeot, and he would inform the hon. member that when any person aspired " to be a representative of the people, although ho belonged to ono particular claEs, bis duty was not to avail himself of the privileges which the law gave to hie clap», but ho should assist to frame a law that would conduce to the wolfaro of the whole community. He should like to hear from hon. members who followed him whether what he anerted wa» not correct, and whether tho Orders in Council were not calculated to give unjust privilege» to one class. He found that although 27 millions of acres were alienated, only 270,000 were cultivated. These facto proved that they did not make tho best use of the property blicn ated, and etmetning he thought should bo done to prevent per- sons holding these large tracts of land in a »tate of nature. If it were necessary, ho would go into the whole history of tho Order» in Council, but at this late hour he would not attempt to do so. He had beard wholesale accusations of corruption against Government» here, in BritlBh America, and io tho United States, but he had never heard arl instance of such glaring corruption na that wbich tcok "place in concooting those Orders in Connoil. Prior to the passirg or the Orders in Council in 1828, small holder» of lund in fee simple ctuld, when Crown land» were put uptoauotion, compete for a »cotlon of land, hut in 1818 laws were pasted which confiscated the property of the Bmall holder». He regretted to say that there WUB one person who should havo piotcottd the interest of the publio upon that occaBún, and who ao far forgot himtclf, hie duties to his Countryman, bia dutle» to the State,i.ad his duties as a MIniBtorof the Crown, a» to consent to this confiscation of the property of eo many humble indivi- duals. He challenged any member of the House to produce euch on instance of corruption Binco tho introduction of responsible Government. The Cowper Administration had been frcelv charged with corruption ; but had those charge» been proved'! Here wa» a case in point. Waa there no equivalent provided for thi» abnegation of the rights of tho people? Of course, there wus an incrense of salary for them the next year, and a» hod been said by the bon. member at tho head of the Govern aent, the salarie» were made to go backward-they wero retro- spective. For what cause 1 Some persons, the loseces of land beyond the boundaries, bad their leases extended, and the gentleman who happened to hold land « the *cttled districts were allowed legally to corififcatc the property of the humble occupier» of tho »oil. Ho had no wish to go into particulars, but if he heard ony bon. member» again make charge of the corruption of Governments of other countries, he should »ot fail to bring these cases before the House and tho country, and show who'were the persona who con- tested to theso nefarious proceedings, and afterwards voted for the increase or salaries. Buch a proceeding wa» nover before brought to light in any country. He should now proceed to criticise this prcduotion [the Land Bill), and in doing so he may be permitted tcrtmaik that to a certain extent ho endorsed tho opinion» of the T^w?,bt.rk(iir- JBla,ok.l- P »PPcared to him that the bon" £« / a the head or the Government, in framing this bill, while desirou» of conceding some privilege» to tho people, also, ia hi» anxiety not to injure the pastoral interest, had reserved oo much power in tho hand» of the Executive: in fact h£ Th'Äi0/ ,Land»,'»der thi» Mil would bo' alKpSwêrÎÎ" Ihcy had heard, and in fact knew, that there had been corrupt T^eJL^t'a',. H""1^' a&alnst; »oma o' "'em, wholesale. ?í; 5«..» .u?-en/nBde wi,.hout proof- But .' wa« °«"" to prevent XnXâ b";ty çf con option in euch minister»; their dude* ««S T-tï,0V3r diíne.í.'°id their power« limited. Seeing »o E,^^,Vl0CidinJne?and8 of tbe Minister for Linda in- duced him to have anobje6tion tolbia Bill. But while doing BO, he ??JIJ*7 äerevw»f many features in it in which he cordially con i;?7ir Hï,,hfn,d n8t an»ly«e them clause by olause, hut ono or two would admit of grose injustice. For inst»»«», m the Uih cl»u?e, n provided for eases whole the Holder» of adjacent latds were allowed to purchase oihor land without competition. Now he thought 1bi» was unjust. IT the first place, who was lo judge whether the land was inaufflcl«u in areo, and a» tbo land acquired" »pcoial value, , from a number of people being i locntca'in the vicinity of it, why ehould ibis particular land be exemr' from auction. Ho asked for tree, «election of country lan*; but In places whoro the land had acquired a particular v»«>Ç by the contiguity or neighbourhood of a town or Village, t>« «nd in his opinion should be nut uri firkin by auction. 1 b'POWer given to the Minister to deal with luoh caeos wonld'oABlt of gros» ' favouritism und corruption aw. wo» another lbcoBsIsteacy In the bill in the G.h clause. \ tz.l" orcrowrvLandawa» allowed to purchase 040 aorcs of uii r", I cviryewenty.flve square mile», whilst the quantity allowee,.,, paKotal occupant» was 320 acre». He would ask why they ohould oTTTT01^'*^1*11'88 they granted to another I (Mr. . ROBERT60N : They have italwady). Then, why perpetuate what hud been -acknowledged to be an injustice ? There wag another clauto, the' lïtb, wbioh would placo too much ptwer in tho hand» of the Minister. He would put it to bon. member, whether they were not acquainted wiih many places » here the light of water bad been reserved for tbo owner« of land in the immediate vicinity, lest many person» in tho nclgh tourhood in summer time should boprevented rr.m using the water. He would ask whether such a'power as that of rescinding »ucb. réservation should be placed in the hands of any Minister. There Wa» a reservation or two mile» up the northorn bank of tbo river Murray. Now he hoped to see a eystem or immigration to this ccnully -whereby immigrant« should be entitled to havo rc muwlon order» to obtain land. Consider thi» reservation grantoil to euch immigrant», they conld combine together, claim tho water fiontoge, »id prevent the pastoral occupant from obtaining water. This wa» unjust. It would prevent the purchaser of land not close to the water, from having the use of the water. Then they cime to that vexed question, the thirteenth clause, by which onepartoflhecemmunity wa» allowed to enjoy privilege» long ti jo; ed by another port. The late president of the Land League Ltd Hated ILi» tvmisg that he Wa» opposed to the Government ce nccdinc tho right to occupy the land befara it was surveyed ; but that Eon. member had not had largs acquaintance with the interior of this country ; ho had not seen the evils of the present sysfem like the bon. Minister foi Landa. It was a moral impossi- bility .for person« to get good land, and he repeated what had been called a random statement-that there was not an honest Govern- ment surveyor in the oountiy. n» had never aeen reserve« made upon good land;; the good land was kept tor the lessee« of tha Crown, whilst reserves were mode upon worthless land without water. For example, he knew of a surveyor who had «elected a reservo near the township of Uralla, New England, and who bad impro pu y contrived s mchow to got the woret land in tho neighbour- hood eel apart for thntrurpoee, yet not very far off there waa some very good land and an abundanoe of water. Tho water, however, ja« not in the reterve, but wa« included by tho aur v i yor in the block nppropiiatcd to tho occupation of a neighbour- ing pastoral lessee. The interest« of the people wero thus sacri- ficed, urd IbofC of the gentry unfairly favoured and protected. It ero wa« a truism,! he might observe, whil« speaking or this, that ought never to be lost sight of in mattera or tai« klnd-and that-is that no Government could do that for the people well which the people for themseh es could not do better. The hon. number for East Sydney, formerly president or the Land League, had «aid that in America the landy, it« survejee befo-e it was ooou pled, but in this he begged to inform that hon. gentleman that ho V>a« altogether urdcr a mistake. In that country there had ef 1 ile yeais boen nn alteration in the land law in consequonoeof tho oieiatlonof the system there having been found to have given rso to land jobbing. In that country, where there was originally u great equalization of wealth, all possessed land, and yet the helder» 01 land wero not so very rich, h> the armai of largo Lumber« of immigrant«, however, it vets found that tho holdeis or land suddenly become verv opulent. Salea of land became numerous and frequent, and then the peoplo who carne unfortunately found, to their cost, thit they cou d cot obtain land without coostributing large sums or money to the pockets oflanrtjGbbors. A« the only way to do away WHO, tiat lantljobblng, it no« then proposed to abjllsh land sales altogether, and to sanction free grants of 150 acres to everv immi- grai t ire m a foreign country. This wa» twice passed through the uciicd States' legislature, where it was opposed as being a measure of injustice to native Americans. Having, however teen t«icc curried through the leghtlatur., it was highly tiro bab e Hint it would there, ere long, receive the a«sent of the Pro s dent, which hnd|blthcrto been withheld. The President could rot lot g reMet what had been affirmed by the vote of tho two houses, the House of Representatives and that of the Senate. 1 he bill provided than any person moro than'twonty one years of egc or at the head of n family might enter upon KO acres, subicot ti. piccuipiionbycultivUDg.it for five years, and should then bo untied to a patent from the Government on paving the cost of survey, and a foe of tea dollars." _ his principle hod been nfilrmtd at tbe mooting or the delegates at the Republican Convention of Chicago, which for thirty years \- as a collection of leg hut« and wigwams, and now contained 30,t00 inhabitant«. (Hear, hear ) Petition« were sent to theao delegates from all ports cf the Union requesting them to engraft cu their platform of principle« this homestead-clause. The con- vention consented to It He might, porhops, be illowod to state tLat the convention had nominated for the presidency a person who had once been a farm servant-(hear, hear)-and those public men who had opposed his nomination, said they did so m consequence of his unswerving integrity, and because ho would carry out the laws too honestly. A higher complimont, ho thought, had never been paid to any publio man. He had little doubt this measure would become law, and theroforo the hon. gentleman (Mr. Black) had made a mistake when he said the principle or deferred payment wa not recognised in the United biotes-(bear, hear)-a free selection before survey. Although tbe present administration in the United States was opposed to tLc Homestead Bill, the Secretary for the Interior had affirmed the principle of free selection and deferred payment. He would read bU report - " I would recommend that a law be passed, in a spirit of libe- rality to settler« on unoffercd land«, allowing to caoh two year» from the .ate of filing his declaratory statement, within which to make MB proof and pay for his land, and, at tho sime time, making it Incumbent upon the President to offer at publio «ale, by prcclomation, all lands that may have been surveyed by authority of Congress, at any time within two years after the plana of eurvey have been approved. As a protection against irououltnt pre-emptions, no one should be permitted to eilect an entry until after the expiration of three months from the date of filirghis dcclsraton statement, and until he has produced satis lootcij proof of three months continued residence upon the land claimed. Br the adoption of euch amendment«, tho President would have before him a plain path of duty m bringing lands into market, ho one could be token by surprise, no expecta- tion« cttild be entertained, oi calculations made, wbioh would depend for solution on the exercise of Executive discretion. Ecnafidt pre-tropiors would be protected in the possession of the tracto upon which they had scaled, and indulged with ampio time within which to pa> for them, and our entire land system would work with such simplicity, justice, and general bene lit to Government and the cltiren as has never been attained in any other countrv possessed of largo bodies of unoccupied land " a hey found that the Government or the United States had tfflrmed the deèirabiUty of free selection before survey, and also of deferred payments. Ihcy had heard a great many people rait »gainst the United States, and it was not fashionable or respect- able to allude to the country. They had heard it predicted that this would become a great empire, and they were told they were to perpetuate the institutions of the mother country on a more democratic scale, and to establish a second England in tho South Pacific. He wonld ask could it be expected they should do so if they did not embody ihe same principles in their legislation that other countries had dono which had attracted so large a popula- tion. Ho should now allude to a policy established in another row country, a British colony-Columbia, He was about to read on extract from the special correspondent in Columbia of the Times, which had been acknowledged the leading journal in Luiopo. In hie letter, the writer says "But the most important measure by far is the pa«sing of a law hereby the acquisition of land for agricultural purposes is facilitated. " Under this law in> Brni«h subject may ncquirc 160 ao cs of lond which is emurvejod and unoccupied, in auj part of British Columbia to acquire a good inalienable claim to a perfect title to 100 acres, all thal the claimant bas to do is Io enter upon the jioiecstion so toon as he makes his selection, record his claim to it ( hat is, report the fact in writing) to the nearest magistrate, and give a description of the land. On taking possession be pay« nothing for the 'land, but has to pay a ree or 8s. for recording his claim. When the land ah ill have been surveyed by the Governmwnt the claimant oi his heirs acquire a title from Govern n ett on payment of a sum not lo exceed 10s per acre. It Is expected that the price wluah will really bo demanded will be only about 5s. per acre. This will depend upon the dotormin i tion of the. Imperial Government, ind it is to be hoped tbut they viil egree to the reduction, so as to meet tbe competition of land in the adjoining countries, which is 1] dollar an acre. The only e ejection I have to the principle of the measure i-, that the price is too high. The portiiB wiitin g te settle there are, a« a general rule, peor men, vi hose means wi 1 be exhinsted lu the c\pen«e of tiantpoit, the ccst of implements of husbandry, of farm stool., jed of buildings, and who, after these charges, or oven some or thttuarc delra)cd, cannot afford topiyKs an aero for their lj_d. lu my bumble opinion, it is a serious mistake in the Go- vernment to attempt to mako revenue cut or tho public land. Cheap, ora free gift of land, upon condition of improvement, ought io be tho attraction held out to immigrant«, audthe success cf this plan would m me end bo a source of a much larger revenue to the State than a high, or even a moderate, or, indeed, any, price put upon the land can ever become. Statesmen overlook the fact that every eettler becomes a taxpayer eiircct, and a con s-uuier of tax piying commodities. The result is înevi'ible, that if j ou increase your settlers jou inerr_»e jour revenue, and that permanently. The amount collided jrem Us an acre pul chase price FOOD v anlshcs from the treasurj. Haxation periodically replenishes it. But, independently of a thcusand argument« in lav our of a low price, wo oali never people the colony unless we compete with our neighbours, whose lund, in unlimited quantity, is UB good and moro accessible than ours, while it is alto cheaper. It wa« distressing to eco heart), stalwart men hanging about the street last year waiting for a re- duction in the price cf land in 'Vancouver's Wand, and at lait ti reed to go to Washington territory and settle there." Gibton Wakefield also advocated the principle of free selection before survey, and hls rcmarks were particularly adapted to New South Wales, because he specially alluded to the corruption of the Survey Department. It had been frequently urged that persons had no right to pick out the eyes or a run, but he could show that the Government had the right to resume any run under the orders in Council. This was evident from the eleventh rection of the orders m Council of the 29th March, 1843, and the first section of an Order passed on the 9th March, 181". The squatter posse«scd no right under those Orders in Council whioh would prevent people selecting land upon his run He caine row to another clause to which tho hon. member for Eist Sydney objectid, having reference to deferred paymenIs. He (Mr. H ) had shown already that that principle was in force in the United States under the Homestead Bill. The Minister of the Interior under the Buchanan Administration sent a minute to the feenatc rcccmracndlng an alteration to allow occupant« two years' undisturbed possession prior to being called upon to pay. He would KOW refer to a countrv in which he believed the hon. member for East Sydney resided for some year« by quoting an txtroct from an essay by Sheridan Hogan, for which he was swarded the first prize. Ii wa« to this effect : "Canada I« one of the nearest colonies to Great Britain, has a healthy and braoing climate, a soil producing the finest crops, and land no cheap and easily attainable that evory industrious person may, in a short time, become a freeholder. The min of limned means can, in Canada, give bis ton an education eecond only to that of an English University. There is the most pcrfeot freedom 5n religious opinion, and there is not a neighbouihood without its ckurcb, chapel, and school. The average rate of wages for Lower Canoda have been 6«. per doy for bakers, butchers, brickmakers, ca-pinters, cabinet- makers, and most other trades; stonecutters receive 7s" and bricklayers and stonemasons, 7s. 6d. Agents from Upper Canada and tho Western States, guaranteed Heady emple> ment for uuskilled labourât Gs. 3d , and brick- layers and stonemasons from 10«. to 12s. Gd. a day, farm la- bourer« from 10 to l8 dollars per month. In Upper Canada the mechanicsand labourers arc generally lodged and boarded by their employer«, and the table of a Canadian farmer Is sumptu ouEness itself, compared with the scant) fare obtained by the labourers in the English agricultural dlstriots. Land is as easily obtainable m Canada as in an) other British colony. The Crown landa may be purchased at from le. to Is. per aero in Lower Canada, and In Upper Canada from 4s. to 20s. per acre, the ta.ue being regulated by their situation In the former the nur chaee money is payable in five, and ia the Utter in ten years. The Goverrmmt seldom sell less than KO acres, or more than 2C0 acres to an Individual, Deferred piyme ntB"had been recognised and approved oftn Cardia, in New Zealand, in Victoria, in Van Diemen's Land, and ho trus ed the pr'nciple would also find favour here. 1 ee telce'ion »rd deferred paymenls »ere the main principles of the bill. They were the onlv principle« which would induce the settlement cf an ogricultural population on the public lapds. V iib these principles embodied in the bi'l, thej would have little need to fear for the future of the colon}. It would be ihe lilians of dealing a class of small settlors .whom it waB very desirable to encourage. It would "leo leed to the more profitable stocking of the pastoral land«, i rd induce the large holders to make permanent improvements. \- l\o avw.rion wrs so profitable as squalling , but it was notorious itatlhty asa gt_ctm rule exptnded far less in the prosecution cf tt.t'1 puisuits ihan was expended with far '(?.s ecrtojit) rl a return by the working diggers. ï"c cm e now to the prmcip'c of occupation. Hehad shewn that this foimcd tait of ihe African sjslem, whilst even ¡n"v letona, in ccrtequcnce of the speculation in land, it waa found ncoeesary to pt ovide some remedy. Ho w ab -,ne of those who was in favour í f a lal d f>\, is he ccnccivcdit tov a most equitablo one. Hitlcrtoarefoimln the lind law had <^en pressed for in order to moble emull eaiitalists to purchaec enr,u quantities of Und ?wiintuictmj cullen, und wh ch they were nur prevented tram obtaining by In'tc capitalist« who outbid tbem. He was aware that siuic ncnoroble m mbers would say that «hese prin- cipes .>' restricting persons in the quininy if land .tu-, ttcu d poisees was un-English, but be should reul the Jlpinicr e of seine of the ablest men in England on this Bu^ct A« well as that of ihe Attorney-General of Victoria, Mr.VVooo. Lord faitnh v sen of the Conservative Premier of Lngland, hud ' tialcdthathe cmtideied that no person had any right to hold land »co not apply lt.to the best use, and that the State had an utdoubttd light to eee Hat the owrers of land applied it to the i-uslcncrice -nd improvement of their rellow-men. Even Mr. Meed was of the ssme cpinion. [The hon, member quoted from n speech delivered by Mr, Wood on the land question.] Thus, they fourd that the Attorney-General or a Conservative adminis- tration was in favour of imposing restrictions on the purchasers of had. He considered that allowing the land to remain idle, nnd he enhanced in va'ue bv persons settling in the neighbour Lcod, wilhout the person to whom the land bjlongcd expending a fbillirgonit, was a curse to the comtry. They had J-enty eeMoruillionB of acres of land alienated and orly 270,000 were cu ttvattd, the rest, therefore, lay Idto. He _iaititai_ed that the nereocB who benefited the State the moat were ItO'c i creen? who had the land and cultivated it. Ttcn, ho asked, wa« it not tbe du y or the Government to see that tho land alionaUd should bo applied to a gcod purpose T The imperial Government m tho passing or tbo Constitution Aot conforred on the Logialaturo tho right to control the disposal of the land« of tho oolony, thcrororo ho askod was it not the duty of the Lrglsiaturo to »co that the lands wera applied to a good purpose J and to discourage by law land monopolies, a thing which has proved in other oountrica to be n curso I Ho wis happy to aco an hon. member (Mr. Deniehy) returned, who bo wa« suro would ooncur to the opinions or emir ont authors. Too peí son whoeo opinion bo wa» about to quote, was the mo«t Correct moral philosopher in the world-bo alluded to De Tocqueville-and ho bad stated ia his work upon Democracy in America " The Engliah aristocracy is perhaps the most liberal whioh over existed, ard no body or men ha» ever uninterruptedly fur- nished so many honourable and enlightcuod individuals to tho Government of a country. It oannot, however, osoapo ¡observa- tion, that in the legislation of England tho good of the poor has been sncnflod to the advantage of tho Hob, and the lights or tho mijority to tho privilege» of tho few. Tbe consoqucnoo u, that i'r gland at tho present day, combine» the extremes or fortune in the bosom of her society, and her p-nls and calamities aro almost equal to her power and hor renown." If such was tho opinion of so eminent a writer, he asltcd if it wa» not dcurnble some restriction» ehould be placed in this colony on the right or purchasing land, and that it was desirable to deter- mine by legislation that no person should uso land and allow it to remain idle. He WBB aware thcro was a largo quantity or unsold laid in the colony; still it was a hot that my person travelling iiilght seo that nearly all the best land was picked out or the greater portlen of the intermediate and unsettled district». Waa it not therefore thur duty, whllr granting privilege«, to the hum- bler oloeeos, at the tame to take care to conserve the land for tbe rising generation In su; port or his argument in faveur of telling the land only undet restrictions, be quoted lit eenie lei gth an extract from John Stuart Mills' dissertations upon the writings or Coleridge It »a» tbo oiinion then of tliií, ono of tho highcit authoritio«, thal no pcre.cn should bo allowed to bold quantities of laart and apply it to no useful purpote There wera thousands of acre« of lord on the banks ol tho Richmond and Clarence still in a state of nature, without a sitglo head of stock upon thom, and for wbich not a shilling was returued lo the rocnuo, whilst it might be turred to account in sueh i way it to prevent so much of our »pecio going out of the country for foreign importations, which we could raltc cursclve« Ibc Twofold Bay Company also held largo quantities of land which was keptvn a state of nativo wlld rces Ought rot Ihcfc perlons to be compelled by some law cutter to cultivate it or to pt) a tax upon their lai.d, so that thoy might be obliged to turn it to some good use. Why not glvo tho laud to eoiall capitalists and compel them to cultivate it 7 If this cli.u«P was oi was not iifllrtrcd bv the Législature here it would te affirmed by all tbo other Australian colonieB In Queensland evep they had impotcd rcstrlo ions upon people settling; upon tho lard. Some eucn restrictions as residence or cultivation would bo Ihr onlv means of preventing jobbing He »hould like io know why an invidisuB distil cilun wa« made in the prtac of land namely, £1 and 'a -a distlnc ion botwien the prico to the ic'ual cultivator, and the price to the speculator! Ile believed thi« provition WOB forced upon tho hon member who framed the bill by those who deemed that thcro should be a reduction in pride and no restriction, and he was afraid tho hon. member's judgment ard dictates of conscience bad given way to the u flueucc of those interested capitalists, lie ( Mr. HorkiL») thought by this provision the capitalist» would bo ullcwcd to have it all their own way, and It an amendment were pre posed he should support it. What efficer» wero thcro to give an opinion whether the land waa inferior in quality or noil No de pendenco could be placed upon the Government auruj ora Ile si ould tupport the second reading, btcau«o be approved of tho bill, and be should bo ready to make somo «light modifications and alterations therein, when the bill went into committee, believing as ho did that when so alteied ard modified it was a measure which would give tatisfacticn to the country If the bill w ere passed lui beneficial tflect would soon bo seen, under its influence a healthy tide of immigration would soon be found to sot in, and New Soulh Wales would in a very short time bo largely settled by a contented, happy, aid prosperous people (Cheer»). On the motion of Mr. MORRIS the dobito was then adjourned until Tuesday next, to take precedence of all other business. Tho Douro then adjourned at six minutes oast tvvclvo o'clock, tnul Tuesday next at three o'clock p in. 