BISHOP PERRY. I (To the Editor ofth$ 8tar.J I SIB,-It is really too late in Hie history ot ecclesiasticism to pretend that the English or any other church is anything bat a. sect of that great catholic church of unknown dimensions whose head is Christ. Bishop Perry would fraternise with any " national" protestant church, but not with a " dissent ing" church. Snrely the force, of Christian charity might go further at once,andadmit all who believe in Christ as the "teacher sent from God." The bishop talks of treat ing other protestant non-national churches "with common courtesy," albeit they are " inimical to the interests of the Chiirch of England." This is wonderful condescen sion, and the essence of sect. Do they preach Christ? If they do, they are not inimiraJ to the interests of Christianity, and therefore the bishop's chnreh is anti-Christian; or if his church be Christian, "thai - the non national protestant churches are amta- Chris tian. Charitable preaching this for a Chris | tian bishop. But the cardinal virtue in his lordship's creed appears to be, not the liturgy or Christianity of his church, bat | her nationality; for he would rather give up J lis liturgy than his national ecclesiaaticism. Tour reporter makes the bishop say that he' regards presbyterians (from an ecclesiastical point of view) as an Bnglishmbn regards a Scotchman. What this means I cannot'for the life of me presume to divine. The Jbisliop laments the multiplicity of sects. So do'I.1 Why tlieh does he not contend for " that one common fellowship of the Holy Ghost," wherein neither. Fope nor Convocation nor Assembly nor Conference is anything, but Ohristis all, judged of by all, nithoutsmponfwn of creed, without let or hindranoe of the per fect law of spiritual freedom?r -This'is a' part of dial " momentous question" which, accord- ?' ing to Dr Arnold, and, I may add, according to every free thinker, ** involves in it a'ehock lo existing notions,-the -greatest, probably, that , has eier been given since thediscoveryof the falsehood of Hie Pope's infallibility.' Yet it must come, and will end, in spite'of the fears and clamors of the weak and- 'bigoted, in the higher exalting and more sun establishing of Christian truth:** -Who does not agree with i Arnold?-who but those who, white with their lips-and, for anything'! know, from :their hearts too-'they deplore division, de-: mends its cohtin'ushoe by their own denial df the Christianity of all who do, not accept' (Mr shibboleth ? TourSj&Cq; .. CAXHOIIODB. Bko'wk Hnx.-Oar mire^poridfeiit wnUDg from this place on SaturdayjfteudB us the following.information:-" Along ibe lidge of tliis bill, and commencing pn( the .south western etscai^meat faaiig Ballarat,, andior # considerable distance, .beyond |Jde Monte Chncto, are a' number of quartz reef claims; the aucceac a ttending.eny of-jtjiesa & as Ho I yet been marked by .njrunosual yield, although 'J .>' J v . V .a LX. <lm wjmiianij idHaiimil fimn lliw q«x«it»?*...«. ^la «l^^q?>1^ ln&rfli;^r^^lope^of_the range; !ikiri<JnUy 'spring 8k Church,. Is, ia * teef ilaiin containing ? a mnijAs T^ffn, ' 30, feet, from the surface, out" pf -which 25 tons were taken eat, tend crushed to-iday 3by the Monte <5briBto .Oompaiiy?B -12 cirt. .tamper ia 18 hoars, andyielded.^i oz. The -claim -belongs to two poor -fianflies, and waa disr corered by the younger members jof the fami lies, ?who are manbenof the Band of Hope, hence jfche claim is styled tiie iBand ofHope. Theywjll iiqfr sdl 4bc idaim for less than .£2000, aod^it was rumored that the Monte Christbr Company may purchase it. The miners generally speaking throughout this locality are makmer ir comfortable- livine1. many of them excellent wages. More com binedlator, skiU,and capital , are introduced into the working of bothslluvial and quartz ; sinking than 'formerly. The Young Men's Christian Association lias now.lrad fm enst enceofnearly two years, and has been in constant operation without a hiatus in itsweekty lectures. Its continued healthy stkte is mainly attributable to its'self-sup portingicharacter, not being indebted to the ? casual, uncertain, and fluctuating support oi jeither the_patronage of the rich or.the . caresaesofthe profeMional. Mr Smith, the j manager of the railway works, Warrenheip, had a narrow' escape (be ottet day. While in file act ofmounting his horsey the animal suddenly galloped ofij and dragged him for &<x>nsiderkble distance on the ground, his feotbeiiig entangled in the «Hrnip. He/ however, bas now recovered. THKATKB BOZAII.-Melodrama, vaudofilla, 1 and farce have made np - the round of enter tainments at this house daring the past week, ' Miss Dunn taking leading, ptrt^ tnd appear ing in nearly ereiy piece that 1MM been pre* seated; whiletlre excellent company now at the theatre furnish at all times a oast eqoal to the respectable rendering of almost every class of play produced. And yet with all.this the house not only does not fill, but does "not reach the lately usual average audience, ex cept in pit and gallery, which generally are tolerably well patronised. A. short time since we suggested areduotion'of prices for ordi nary occasions, taking as our text the over flowing house whioh a half-prioe drew to the seventh _ or eighth representation of the "Tempest,"and we,cannot help thinking still that the experiment is worth tryiag. There is not the money afloat for purposes of amusement which there used to be, or if there is, the playgoing public evidently want some inducement they have not now ' to lead them ? to give that patronage to the theatre,- which at once tefis pleasantly- upon the managerial exchequer, and acts as an attraction in itself to the house. For who, of play-goers even, is there that does not enjoy a good audience per *e, to say nothing of the «xtra Escala tion consisting in the increased life and effort evolved by a bevy of well-filled boxes, from, the players themselves, who -are ever i most sensitiyely responsive to the "sympa thy of numbers." However, be the cause what it may, the effect is evident. There is - another experiment we have already hinted at as also worth making. We bear play goers complain of the disagreeable noises in passages and on stairs which veiy much' ' interfere with the comfortable hearing of , what is going on upon the stage at this house, most of which noise might be got rid of by a lew pounds' worth of matting about the house.' This may seem but a little; thing, but it is now an axiom that "little , things" are often very important. The memory of "that horrid noise" may be we know not how often the "last straw" which deters the blast theatre-goer or the fastidious dress circle frequenter from going to the play. But we did not meditate saying all this when we- began oar notice of the amusements at the BoyaL On Friday and Saturday nights " Barnaby Budge, from Dickens's tale ot that name, was produced, and got up with great care, and some scenic effects in the last act. But with all this we cannot say' much for the play. We are so familiar with the book, most of us, that its characters and scenes are , too vividly pictured by our own imaginations ? for us to be satisfied with any ordinary em bodiment "thereof. Tet Miss Dunn's Barnaby was a well-depicted sketch of the character,' and her get-up admirable. Miss Horwood's Dolly Varden was a little too dolly-like to be the Dolly, but this young lady played sur prisingly well for so young a beginner. Natural and easy, without any great power, hei rendering was agreeable and appropriate. The scene in the second act, between Mrs Varden (Mis Gill) and Miggs (Mrs Bellair) was a capital bit of acting, and was loudly applauded. Mr Brnton did very well as John fPillett,and Mrs Bay played with her usual ability as Mrs Budge. The rest of the characters were of average merit, but Mr Dunn's Simon Tappertit was too broadly comic. The afterpiece was "Family Fail ings," a highly amusing well rendered piece. This evening and to-morrow the perform ances will be for the benefit of the Hospital,: when {several gentlemen of Ballarat will' appear as amateur performers. The first piece to-night will-be " Raising the Wind," in which Mr B. Walsh, banister, Mr Hay wood, of. the Sub- treasury, Major Wallace, Mr Sherard, Resident Warden, Mr Warden Foster, and Mr J. EL Taylor will appear Major Wallace taking the part ot Jeremy Diddler. Mrs Bellair and Miss Bosa Dunn "will also appear. In the interlude Mr D. Oliver will sing the " National Hymn.". The afterpiece will be " Bombastes Furioso," with Major Wallace as Bombastes, Mr J. H. Taylor as King Artoxomines, Mr E, Moore (Secre tary to the Hospital) as Fusbos, .and Miss Harland as Disttiffina -, the whole to conclnde with " Sir Boger de Coverley." Nearly every seat in the house has been taken, we hear, and those who have not secured a place should lose no time. 