— John Marshall's skeleton. it is said there is a Skeleton in every house. I found thero was one in the 'house of John Marshall, into whose service 1 entered in 1827, the year of the great panic caused by a general collapse of the readily-di lated paper wings of commerce. He had, I found, a flourishing business, and the books, though there were arrears that required some time to get up, were well and methodically keiit. He had also established a good dis- counting account at the Bank of England ; which Means, that all the acceptances he re ceived, presumedly in the regular course of .. business, were as presumedly credited to him as cash, minus interest at the current rate. An often fatal facility, which I was not long in dis covering, had tempted him to discount the paper of a number of persons himself at a high fate of interest, himself, of course pocketing the interest. That, however, was a section of his affairs of which. I knew nothing, .except, a it vtos set forth in hie bill book ; and to judge from that it was very profitable. All this be- iog so, I came to the conclusion that it could not be to commercial difficulties that the dread- fill depression of mind, under which (as at first Bight I had suspected) Mr Marshall had habi tually laboured, was attributable; a depression, which often, when he thought himself unob served, I nkve seen suddenly change to word less frenzy; to gnashing of teeth, wild wring ing of the hands, maniacal fighting with the air, as if he were struggling in the gripe of some living,' bodily foe ! Whence, then, arose, that madden jng <Jis- quietude ? Suddenly the dark riddle was, I thought, made clear. Two females called at the: warehouse during Mr Marshall's absence : one a fierce-featured jvomah ofbetweeh 40 and 50 yenrs of age ; the other; her daughter.Jand of a mild, dejected aspect. They would give ho name ; but the mother said, with a kind of menace in her look and tone; that they would return towards the evening. They did sol just as I was mentioning the circumstance to Mr Marshall. The elder woman pushed bold ly into (he counting, bouse dragging her daugh ter with her ; and a terrible scene ensiled. The intruder's insolence was .met by a torrent of derisive rageful abuse. . She was to the full as fierce arid bitter ; and fiery war of words wai at length ended by both being thrust into the street by Mr Marshal) ; and as even then the virago's , tongue continued to pour forth male dictions; she waB finally given in charge of ti city constable, and taken off to the lock-upiri Giltspur street. Mr Marshall himself left the office immediately afterwards for his privatd residence at Stamford Hill. The next morning I wis called info the pri vate room ; and Mr Marshall confided to my. ' honour and discretion ' a troubled chapter of his early life. He and his father had been with hundreds of others seized by Napoiedri Bonaparte at the rapture of the peace of Amienk, and detained in France bb prisoners of war on prirble." An intimacy ensued between them and an English family named Curtis; who were similarly situated ; nbd in December 1804 John Marshall was .wedded, by civil contract only, to Julia Curtis; the bride beirig in her twenty-sixth, the bridegroom in his. twenty- second year.- A most unhappy marriage it proved to be ; and so early did unappeasable discords arise between the ill-matched pair, that .before the birth of a daughter in October 1805, legal steps had been taken by mutual consent to obfriiri its annulment ; and the' in terval prescribed by the French iaw having ex pired, sentence of divorce was. duly pronoun ced. The bhiid, . which the father had never seen, was with his ready acquiescence con- sighed to the absolute guardianship of its mo ther ; and it wits further agreed that an income of forty , pounds per annum, which Julia Curtis had brought to the marital trfcasury, shoiild re vert to her. Directly peace was restored,' continued Mr Marshall, ' I returned to England, engaged in business forthwith j and the following, year, 1815, married my present wife. I heard( nothing directly of the Crirtises, till about three weeks ago, wlien . I,. received a letter from the woman, Julia Curtis, y,ou saw here -yesterday. She had passed over from the Isle of Miin, where she has for many years resided, to York shire, to ascertain if anything could be got out of the guardian of her, somewhat wealthy bro ther, Robert Curtis, who has been long hope- \- iessly insane. He is kOownMr Willesden, the guardian, and an old friend of mine, informed me— to have made a will in her daughter's fa- vohr when h'A was cdrtiMis mentis ; and she fanciedjt might bepdssiBleto obtain an. ad vance of money upon the security of that instrument Failing in that, and. some .silly, fool having per- tuaded .her that an Ehgiisli woman once a wife is always a wife till divorced by death or act of parliament, she wrote to me, threatening that unless a large.sii'm of . money was immediately sent to her,' she would take legal proceedings for the enforcement of her rights, I took .no notice .'of the .preposterous letter; and what ' occurred yesterday you know. And now. to finish;. I trust for; ever, with this hateful, topic. Mrs Marshall has urged, me to make the woman a present of a hundred pfiririds; , I consent to do so oh condition that she solemn! ly promises never again to annoy me ; and if you, Mr Jdhnsbh, will arrange the matter for me, I shall , Be obliged,.' . I found no .difficulty whateyer, in. doing so. The fierce-willed . divorcee adding bfyfi'dr. own free grace and favour, that they fehouitfsoil./on the morrow forDouglds, in the Isle of Man, by the William and Mary; 1 . About eight day? afterwards I read the fol- lovHrig_paragfophJii thb shipping .intelligence of the; Times The William and Mary; Cap- tain Hearn; from Loudon'; bound for Douglas, Isle of Mau, was driven on shore at tlio> island of 'Anglesea; d'drihg thb late gale, and almost pieces. The crew and passengers all perished.' \I silently placed the. pAp£rv upon tfie desk before Mr. Marshall with my finger upon the paragraph, and immediately left the cbdhtirig house. I saw him. again ten minutes after wards, dhd' God forgive me if I misjudge him, \- but there .did seem to be a lustre upon his face as of a subdued vengeful exultation ; but I am, I know,, prone to rash judgments. ..The dark cloud which encompassed Mr Mar shall was not, however, lightened by that catastrophe ; and it was in another, and by me totally unsuspected direction, that the dread spectre, of which it was" the aforecasl shadow, presently revealed itself. The momentary and commercial panic had long since terminated, thougli its effects were still fell in the fall of houses that, shaken to their foundations by the finuncial eurtbqunke, slipped from lime to time through the make shift, concealed props, that for a time sustained them, into cureless ruin. One of these was a firm whose paper Mr Marshall had been in the habit of privately discounting, and when, upon seeing their names in the list of bankrupts I turned hastily to the bill book, I saw, to my i . dismay, that we had redisoounted acceptances of theirs to over four .thousand pounds at the Bank of England 1 I was almost as much amazed as shocked at the effect the intelli- genee from my lips produced upon Mr Mar shall. He stared as if thunder smitten in my face for a few seconds, and then realising the fall horror of his position, turned as if to flee; staggered a few steps? and fell with a dolefu cry upon the floor. Fortunately there was no oue present or within hearing but myself, and I soon quietly restored him to consciousness— to conscious! ness, alas i that the hand Of time was at last close upon that hour of which t(iS prophetic! tolling bad for so many miserable months sounded in his ear 1 I strove to calm his agitation. I spoke to the winds ; the wretched man heard as if not hearing me, and at last stopped my mouth, and for a time my breath, by suddenly exclaim, iog;— . .... ' You speak of yoix know hot whit ! Tliosd bills, those acceptances are— ata forgeries !' ' Forgeries !' . ' Yes; .Mr Johnson; .forgeries ! Andiind I'll be poisoned with it no longer ! alj—ali-my private discounts—all the bills tnade payable here and tparkrid in red ink, are forgeries. . ' Almighty powers,! . All, in red ink, forge ries ! Why, they are more than nine thousand pounds' .... I ' YeB,.I know; I daresay ! I have not dared to add, them- up foi; ;many a day.! Miserable man .that I am— infatuated fool that I hive beeri! / It cothmeneed with three liuhdredj pdiinds to iive my credit. !. Accursed credit j Would to God it had not been saved; And nbw-nowi Mr Johneoh;'. he went oh, to; say J perceivirig that I was utterly confounded, ' will you, can you stand by me ? You have a' cool head, ktrpng nerves ; Will you, for toy wife, my children's sake, strive to save us?' It was settled, during the lorig .and gloomy conference which followed, that everything should be left . to me, And that Mr Marshall should keep close under pretence of illness. Eightjclear days .were before, me in. which to collect, without aid from discounts, £4000 ; for on the ninth day; the first meSting under the fiat in bankruptcy would take place, and the forged bills be tendered in proof against the estate of the acceptors. I succeeded in raising the money, and not six hours too soon; .tut: there was still time to get possession of the bills without exciting suspicion or remark. I went over to the bank, and with aB uncon cerned an air as I could possibly assume, piaced a list of the acceptances I required before, the clerk who had the management of Mr Mar shall's account. Although I well remember it was a bitterly cold morning, and I heard . peo ple say that the Serpentine was. frozen com. pletely over during the night; my shirting I know was wringing wet; and my blood at fever hdat. ' Oh, you want those acceptances,', said the clerk, after giahcifig ovef Uie list; 'We in- tend proving, upon them tdmbtrow. Yon do not, I hope, cprppdsevto,%witjidraw them by a cheque ; because your account being already a trifle over drawn, I'j-4" .t ,, No; ri6; I interrupted I ' ! bring ydu cash for them.| . VSf,' . il ; , ..'Do you ? . Why not, lfien,,.pay your cash into account; and let the Hills run on to matu rity ?' - . . ' . : Because, my, good Sir, .we can "do better with them th an prove uhder the bankruptcy. t ' Ho, ho 1 I understand.; you have an differ for your debt. But mind what yoii aire about. The estate will out up very well, lam told.' ' So far successful ! . and _the. jnain . difficulties were. at last, surmounted j the; accursed red list was reduced to three itemsyriltogeiher about fourteen hundred pounds; in fact the fearful race agaiiist time.w.as as good as won, when I was suddenly tripped up and flung on my back; without chance of regaining my feet again, and in this ,wdy..,- Mr Jay, ofLeadenhall street, a creditor for upwards of two thousand pounds; insisted upon being immediately paid.. That, as I told him,, was quite out of the ques tion ; and we were next threatened with a writ; which I cared, very, little about,,, as we could have pleaded to it, and it would, have been months before judgment was -obtained. Finding I, was not to- be frightened, Mr ,'JAy weiit to Stamford Hill ; and, hlthcfiigh fearftil of some such trick; I Had .warned Mr Marshall that he must Bee everybody that called, he was weak enough to bid the servant dhriy him'. She .did . so . to Mr Jay, and - the .next; day was bribed to make an affidavit of that fact, (she at least did make the Sffid&vft; And I certaihly said no Bribe, given) , which; of conree; eetab- hshed a clear act of bankruptcy ; and Mr Jay sent me nhtice tb&t; if he was not paid by foiir o'clock on the following day, a docket would be struck against Mr Marshall, Without further notice. I took "toy way to Stamford,. Hill, to warn my unhappy principal of the fatal turn, that, through his own folly, affairs had taken. The announcement was a renewed.- dagger stroke, so to speak. Seeing no possible means of withdrawing the three remaining red. ac ceptances from the bank, I urged immediate flight; promising, of course, to do .all in my power to soften the .bl.ow tdhis wife," who, I bud ascertained; .apprehended nothing worse than .ordinary.- bankruptcy; . Mi; . Marshall listened gloUmily; with his hiiridd on Bis knee?, and his eyes -..fixed vacantly on the fire till suddenly ' recollecting I had a note - for him, I saidj_ - . : : ; ... 'By ,thi byjvSir, I, havft.S.notS for yo'ii— left at,Jhe, office; Mr. Roberfe . told me. By a Mir Wiliesden.-h ' . ; . . ;i ; i ' Mr Willesden ! iidl 'ffie lefil' Mr Marshall opened (he note; read it, startffd up, and paced to add fro tfii rooch In i» ktiife of great Jexciteineiit for a few rnornet ts ; then suddenly arresting hid Steps; Be ehid; is. he sBook ine by the hkh'd i; G'dod higfhti John ; son; God blesByou; ,.;.I sHqll Be at IJie.ware-! hoiise By. nine, p'er&aps; earlier. .Good nigBt, goodnight;' . Here .was Bpjiarfe'htly i.Bbw and jifomising turn , of : tfee wneel. I Bad a . notion of having heard „of the haihe of Willesdeb, but when or from . Whom I could not recollect. A rich friend or relative, I hoped, just turned up in the nick ,of_ time, as they .always do inplays, And it proved so. Mr Willesden called at the warehouse precisely at uine ; saw and bad a long conference with Mr Marshall ; left, as did Mr Marshall, but not with him; aud both returned within ten minutes of each other. Their Bscond. interview was a brief one, and very Boon after Mr Willesden left, I was summoned by Mr Marshall. His face was as white, I dftbrwardB remembered, as its natural sallowness would allow, and there shone a light in his eyes as of fever, or intense excitement. Take this cheque,' said he, ' and when ydu Have cashed it, arrange with Jay. No doubt he will take half down ; in which case ydu can settle the other matter. This .very afternoon were better, if it cfin be (jqhb Bietly.' ; ' The cheque was drawn upoii Jones, Lloyd, and Co., for 2.700Z, in favor of John Marshall or bearer, by Richard Willesden. I seized and posted off with it without a word, hardly feeling my feet for uplifting joy, when — won der upon wonders !— the ghost as I for half a heart beat deemed it, of Julia Curtis the younger tapped me on the shoulder and ar rested my eager steps. She looked very thin and ill ; and I soon understood she had not sailed with her mother in the William and Mary, and that sbe, moreover, had been so unwell, that she had not left her room till the day previously. ' And I should not be here now,' she continued, ' but for a letter which lias reached me, in a round qbout way, from Douglass, intimating that a Mr Willesden has come to London to inquire about us, arid that he purposes calling for that purposes upon Mr Marshall of Fencliurch street, who, he has heard, is likely to know where we are. So.' added the young woman, ' I thought 1 would wait herd; taking rriy chande of seeing you, as I did not dare, you know, to call at the office,' ' Come with me,' I exclaimed, 'to Jones, Lloyd, & Co, ; It is very likely they may know where _ Mr Wiliesden is stopping. If not, I will &sk; Mr Marshall.' was, about to ask the clerk who cashed the cheque if he knew where tBe drawer wad to be fqundj Vfhenj chSncihg to look toward d distant part of the bank, i saw Mr Wiilesden. He had apparently finished the business that called him therC, and accosting him, I said : ' There is a young woihan outside who wishes to speak with Mr Willesden. , What is the young woman's name ?' 'Julia Curtis.' . What Julia Ciirtis ?' Julia, Curtis. the younger,,.. .Here she is,'. 'Miss Curtis!' he exclaimed!. ' Can i be lieve, my eyes ?, Why i was aSsiired;by Mr Marshall hardly ten miiiutes since, that- you were too ill td leave your lodgings at Che- shunt !' t ' ' My lodgings at Chesbunt,' echoed the mystified girl; Yes. Upon ihy. word, there is some strange mystery here; Coine with , me ; we "will seek Mr Marshall at once,'. _ .During .that, brief dialogue, a dreadful suspi cion was flashing through my'.br∈' j and with a look and. . gesture, supplicatory of silence,- to Julia Curtis, I hurried away to Fenchurch street. The crossings nad hindered me; biit at length 1 burst, panting and breathless into the office. Mr Marshall was still there, and standing, with his back to the fire, . ' What has happened ?' he exclaimed before I could speak. , i -I do not - know. Mr Willesden has met with Julia Curtis : they will be here imme diately;' He started aif ifshot; 4nd grasped the man telpiece for support., .;. '.Here they are I wildly exclaimed; and rushed, out , into the warehouse to' meet arid whisper. a . warning word to tlie young woman, who; J felt, would not for the world's wealth, betray, her father knowingly. , : v , I "snalciied her away, as it were", from Mr WiUesden's.Mim; arid in a few brief sentences intimated the purport of my fears and suspii cipns,. .. She replied By>n assuring pressure of Herhfiii.d, 'He is savedi' I mentally. ejaculated, and looking up at the moment I saw Mr Mar shall's white face at the office window;' looking into tbe warehouse— a ghastly face, and in stantly, withdrawn. I.hastened .forward witli. Julia Curtis,. prd- ceding.Mr Willesden,. and. exclaiming aloud, ' All right, all right .! Mr Marshall; Miss Curtis, presefits Her respects to yoii;' , ... Mi' Marshall , was st'aiafdiiig , with liis hand resting upon a table in front of nim;.in';a rigid, upright posture; and a mocking expression seemed to, glitter , in his eyes, and :play about his lips.. He, spoke not-amoved ; riot; nor did either of us for a few moments ; and then Julia Curtis sprang towards him; sefdaming ' Father, dear father !' . The urifortiiriate man feebly strove to remove Her clasping drips, murmured something— Ellen; I thougBthis wife's name — and fell forward on the tabie. Help, swiftly as it came; arrived too iate ; John Marshall was dead ! . . . < . ._ I have but few wor'dB too add; Mr Mar shall had received the cheque for and on.-be- half of Julia Curtis, whoBe name was. signed to the receipt which he had given to Mr Wiiles den. The money was . part of what she was entitled to under the will of Robert Curtis, deceased, and Mr Marshall bad represented that at that particular moment, such a sum would be of great service to her. He, of course believe, d that Julia Curtis was drowned, and' must, I think, have intended to return Mr Wiliesden the money at some future period. J?6"8feibly, however, in the harassed and. "confu sed state of his mind, he only knew that such a suni would for the time save him. His secret was faithfully kept ; the three Hd acceptances were quietly obtained and destroyed and the Business was disposed of much more | advantageously than I expected; Oiie more word ; the coroner's inquest, guided by ' the confident dictum of the medical gentlemen who attended Mr Marshall for the four bf five weeks previous. to his decease, that he bud died of di sease of the heart, did hot think a post mortem examination of the body was required, ahd re turned a verdict of natural death. My own conviction does hot harmonii-e with the ver- toot. i ; . .<:», lux. . An. Incident, of the War in. "Moboooo. Madrid letter, in the -' Mes'age'r de Bayonh'e;' contains the following narrativd : — In one of the recent engagements Lieut. Col; Berrueta; of the - artillery, particularly., . diatin- giSBed. himself; indeed, the.S'ucceBS of the ilay was chiefly owing to tBe skill and promptitude with which he brought his guns into pl&y.; General Prim, who commands the division, was highly pleased with the colonel's, conduct, praised him as he deserved, aud inserted his nhirie in.the list of thbsb whom he recom mended to Marshall O'Donuell for promotion. The latter, however, remembering that in .1854 Cplohel Berrueta commanded the artillery which dispersed at Vicalvaro, the. revolted squadrons under General. Dutce, struck but His name, biit approved of all the other recommen dations. On learning this injustice, Colonel Berrueta did nbt utter a word, but his resolu tion was taken. He had two alternatives— to retire while in presence of the enemy, or to continue in the service under the command of a man who thus repaid his services. Neither of these could he entertain for a moment, so he withdrew to his tent, and terminated his existence by shooting hinusclf with a pistol, This dreadful act has afflicted the whole of the army." Game Laws. — A return under this head lately issued, shows that the total number of persons convicted for offences against .the game laws during the -year ending 30th June last was in England, 2,309 ; Wales, 32 ; Scotland, 235; Ireland, 32. ' 