WBIGGLBS. (FROM THE PBH OF A BANDOM OBITER.) SO. II. « Wh$W !-how the wind howls and yells, *s it plays horrible tunes on my iron- railings, and makes my window rattle ©astenet accompaniments ; or shrieks through every crack and key hole, like more misery wanting to worry me,'sighed Solomon Slugg, as he stood rubbing his nose againt his window pane, and looking out on the desolating effects of the storm which shook the city of Sydney a few days ago. . Whew !' sighed Solomon again, 'what a sombre panorama is before me of slip pery slates, nodding chimney-pots, rain washed walls, and greasy-looking church steeples. The winds have all run wild, and, like a mad-house fall of maniacs just broken out, are playing funny freaks with everything; now upsetting a weak chimney-pot-now rolling up the lead on my neighbour's house like a raspberry sandwich, and sending a shower of shin gles into his back- yard ; then trying to upset that baker's cart, bread, and boy too; and playing hundreds of tricks too wicked for winds to invent, "fis dis mally dark; the low black clouds are rolling over and over, like huge waves of wet soot; and the fierce, spike-like rain, is forcing its way everywhere, as if de termined to make everybody uncomfort able. The streets of the City are as clean as if a thousand scavengers had been mop ping them for a month; and there is no body about to dirty them again but butchers' and bakers' boys, doctors and milkmen, and poor little shivering shoe less girls with watercresses. In vain are * alarming sacrificcs ' displayed in the drapers' windows : not a customer is out to-day worth catching, and yard-sticks are as useless as greasy fiddle- bows. Masters look lachrymose, and men look lazy, and more inclined for frolicing than for fiddling about fancy goods that don't want touching, and doing all sorts of unnecessary jobs, ten times more tire some than serving whimsical costumes; greedy landlords sit uneasily in their ®asy chairs, fidgetted with fears of the intrusion of grumbling-rent-racked-ten ants, to report on dislocated tiles, cracked walls, and fallen plaster. Shopkeepers in general look as troubled as if trade were dead and buried never to rise again. Publicans alone are doing business (alas 1 trade is seldom slack with them), and some »f their taps are full of drenched out tippling mechanics and labourers, who are further decreasing their short week'* wages : and a sorrowful Saturday night and Sunday morning their poor wives and children will see: no new shoes for little Sally, her father has spent the price of them in ruin-breeding rum/ *»***> jjy veneration for a dry skin,' continued Solomon Slug,* prompts me to remain inside my house, but, thanks to the man who invented glass, I can look outside while I keep myseifas dry as a biscuit- basket. Here then, from my elevated position, I can take a hawk's^ eye view of the multitudinous masses of wet roofs, and indulge in a little specu lation (as the gentlemen observed when they started the great Sydney and Mel bourne Steam Balloon to the Moon Com pany), but if I could, at the same time, take a ghost's-eye glance beneath those roofs and analyse the hearts of some of the occupants, what a folio I could" fill with son ows of all sorts, little and large, real and imaginary. How many persons are there now reclining on satin sofas, sur rounded by elegance, fashion, and every thing which some folks think is essential to make life comfortable, rolling in riehes and luxuries, as secure from want as they are from the cold winds, yet hngging sotne misery to their hearts, real or fan ciful, as if it were really worth keeping? How much it would assist to cure tbeir fancied woes and make them grateful for their happy lot, were they to view the numberless victims of squalid wretched ness, misery, want, and sickness, in the various low-roofed hovels of the back streets ancj alleys, within scent of their own costly mansions. If I could only make them hear me, I would say to them, [n the gentlest manner in the world, . Ladies and gentlemen-you, to whom God has given a superabundance of the good things of this world, pardon Solo lom Slug for giving you a hint which will promote your happiness, and make you glad you art alive, if you will act upon it: * Think, jrhile you are sunk in soft repose, How many groan beneath life's doleful woes.' Yes. think of those, dear ladies and gentlemen; but think, at the same time, if you have some warm, half-worn cloth ing to spare, a few unnecessary blankets in your houses, or something yon would never miss from your well- stocked larder. I)raw out your purses, too, an.d distribute a little braad and coal to those poor pin ing widows, and their half-starving, jshivering children, in their cheerless, ijre'less, wet, and miry homes. Ay, do this, and your consciences will feel so comfortable when you hear the wind rattle the pelting rain against your plate glass-windows-you will feel so much satisfaction at having sent a warm shawl and a blanket, and a few other comforts, to that poor consumptive girl, whose gentle spirit will soon soar away to its heavenly mansion, and will perhaps bless jrQU for your kindness as it takes its .flight from its weary, withered house of clay-you will feel so happy, too, when you reflect that those half-famished ohil dreu will perhaps pray for the kind lady who saved them from going hungry to bed; and that poor old paralized patri arch will never forget your goodness in sending that load of firewood to warm his aching bones, and cheer his wintry soul. Oh ! ye rich fo.lks-one and all of you-think of, pity, and relieve the poor, in this stormy dreary weather, and in so doing so you will enjoy a luxury indeed, .and find a panacea for mountains of misery which afflict those who have no thing to think of, but the very things i which create and augment those miseries. # * * * ' Heigho r sighed Solomon Slug again ; 41 wish I had a sack-full of shillings- or, I may as well wish for sovereigns,-alas they a^e scarce now-a-days. Shillings and sympathy are best when they go to gether; however, such as I can give, I ,jgive heartily-my sympathy and prayers, for all the suffering sinners beneath those dripping mouldy roofs: and right glad shall I be when the welcome sun peeps . out again, from beneath his sable cur tains, to dry their fireless homes, and to . cl^er ipy mildewed heart.' r\ t 4, , uariingtiurst. AQUA. 1 