THE DEAD OF 1859. Literal ure began the funeral procès» sions of the mouths with the almost simultaneous obsequies of Hallam in England and of Prescott in America. Those accomplished historians, who won their first golden spurs at almost the same moment, died within one week ; and by n curious coincidence this double loss which letters were called to sustain in January was matohed at the close of the year by tho equally contempora- neous decease of Thomas De Quincey and of Washington Irving. Another eon gpicuom Dime within the restricted circle ofthe highest literary oulture of our times must be chronicled with these, -that of Sir James Stephen, Professor of History at the University of Cam- bridge, and who had long exeroised a sort of consultative supervision over the education of the heir of the British I throne. The world of politics has almost literally closed over the tomb of a great statesman whose doctrines had ruled the councils of Europe for neir'y 40 years. Thero is something worthy . of »he Tragic Muse of Greece in tho close which awaited tho fatally brilliant carter of Prince Metternich. His every success had been a seeming victory over tho instincts of the race, over the laws of progress, over tho rights of men. And never had nun bein more seemingly successful than ho, alike in Courtaud Cabinet. Talent, r er son al beauly, power, fane, wealth, had all been lavislud upon the diplomatist whoso skill had shaken down, as it was fancied, the whole fabric of the French ltovolution. He had long passed the ordinary limits of human life, had ¡-ecu one after another his great contempo- raries fall around him, and was reserved himself to witness at hut the utter downfall of the great system he had founded, the uprising of the Revolution, and even the returning ghost of the Emperor he had chained so strongly down upon the rock in the Indian t-ot. The last sun on which he looked shone do»vn upon the battle-fie'd of Magenta. But the triumph » hielt France and freedom won over tho deathbed of Mot tirnich was not unalloyed. The death of Alexis de Tocqueville robbed both of a loyal and gifted champion, who has left behind bim but few in anv land fully worthy, to wear his mantle. In our own country the ranks of our public men have been Itss sternly swept. Two diplomatists of respectable rank-Mr. Kosh, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Mason, of Virginia-have been taken from us, and three senators have fallen, two of whom, Messrs. Geyer and Hannegan, had retired from political life. The death of the third, Mr. Broderick, of California, is not likely, we rhay hope, to be soon paralleled in our annals, to which it has given one sad and sanguinary Ie.-eon more. One most able and faithful philanthropist has been removed from his labours in the person of Horace Mann, who loved the cause of education like a Pestalozzi, and toiled in it like a Howard. Our list grows upon our hands, and wo might extend it almost indefinitely were we to attempt to include in it all the simply eminent person* whim the last New Year found in tho busy front of life, but of Whom the year whioh yester- day dawned will have no more report to give to men. Two crowns have been taken, one from the " forehead villainous low" of the hated Ferdinand of Naples, one from the lovely brow of the gentle Stephnniu of Portugal, 'ihecru-1 Yeh went to his bloody account in far India, and the sweet voice of one of the world's s wee toft singer?, Madame Bosio, was frozen into silence among the snows of St. Petersburg. Busy and prospirous as life has been, death has been busy and prospeied too, and tho Old Year's annual lesson lies before us to-day in a shape more striking, if not more solemn chau it always wears to our too hasty and heedless eyes.-New York Times. 