EVENTS OF THE MONTH. From Sept. 15th to Sept. 21st. The first parliament of Queensland is pro- rogued. Most of our distinguished sena- tors have retired to the country to rusti- cate ; the Speaker is shaking off the soporific effects of the session's debates ; Mr. Bernays is probably calculating the beneficial consequences of a "spell" upon his constitution ; and the Sergeant-at-Arms is released from his diurnal imprisonment. Whatever may be the impressions otiteiUincd by the public as to the legislation uccomplMiod j whatever may bo the surprise of (ho "numy-headed" at the retention of office by the luinistiy throughout the session ; wliutovor objections may bo urged against tho land system which Ins now hecomu law,-there can be but one opinion as to the fidelity und con- stancy with which tlie representatives of tho people havo attended to their duty. But ono "count-out" has occurred; the ministry havo not had to'encounter factious opposition; no squabble between tho two houses lins happened ; and norimonv Inn beldom been permitted to in- trude itself during dubute. But, to come I o the prorogation. The ceremony took pince on Tues- day hint, mid paused off w;th comparatively little ostontation.. . His Excellency came dotvn to the Council Chamber at noon, csoorttd by a few mounted police und volunteers, recoived a con- gratulatory address from the Assembly, and de- livered a lengthy speech, expressive o'f his high gratification at tho ' ' satisfactory conclusion" to which legislation had b¿en brought, and his earnest hopo that tho laws and i.istitutioiis in- augurated migh*. bo " piodiiclivo of all thoie blessings" which they uro calculated to confer upon the community.' It was rotced that, at the, conclu-ion of tho speech, His lCxccllency omitted to pronounce the foi mai declaration as ,to the prorogation of pirlimrent, but tho omis- sion wns atoni'd for by tho issue of n Gazelle Extraordinary the samo evoniiig, declaring par- liament prorogued until the 13th of November. Tho members present on the occasion vvoie-the President, und JICSMS. Callow ty, KoheilB, Har- ris, Compigne, Laidley, ¡Uu.sie, and Fullerton, of the Legislative Council ; tho Speaker, and Messrs. Blakeney, Buckley, Coxen, Edmondstone, Fitzsimons, Fleming, Gore, Haly, Herbert, Jordan, Lilley, Mackenzie, Pring, " Raff', and Richards, of the Legislative Assembly. On Monday evening last, the Choral Society, assisted by 'Mr. Black ' (who has returned from his up-country tour, and who kindly proffered his gratuitous assistance), garo ti concert iii the School of Arts, before a ?' oioadod hotisu." We need senroely say that the result was highly grati- fy ing to those" persons who have taken such an intorest in the welfuro of the society. Mr. J. It. Black gavo another ol' his pleasant . " Evenings at Hume," on Wednesday hist, at whioh ho Bang some ol' his favmititos ; and his farewell entertainment carno nll'vfcry successfully this evening Wo luve hoard it mo 'tud that our fello'v towii-mi'ii aiJ iiLont to fdhnv tli>» examp'e of their Ins«ich (Hands, mid give a comp'.iinoiit ary bonclit lo Mr. Black. At the Brisb.ino Muuicipil Council, on Monday, a letter was road from the Auditur-QeiiaralofÑe'vv South Wales, requesting an ndjuslm-uit of the account of £100, buing tho amount of an advance mado hy that colony for'foncing in tho Brisbane reservoir. A report (Vera the Improvement Cmi niittoa was als» laid on llio tibié, stttiug llut I hoy hid determined upon permanent levo's in (¿iii-en and Kdivord-stn-ols; that ihey had found ilxeoosMiry to rai-o the lowest portion of Quecn Blrcot, lying Iwtween Albeit and Edward-streets, two foot ubovo tho pres.uit lovel; anil that thoy hal_ inspot-tod tho Icióls in (Jeorgo-stici.1, um! having do' eriuiiivd o,; (ho "«mo, would loioinmcnd their mlojjtijii as permaiiot.t level» for that slreot. A petition was t.lno read i'iom ceituin parties acolistomed to mnko uso of tho Kangaroo Puint ferry, praying that two sheds might bo erected on oaeli sido of lho tiver, for the prutcoiinn uf pi-v.-ii^ih-s I'liKn I.Mt <'.nd rain i ha j ttitioit ? ivijj received, 'i'lio lolloiviug tendero for execut- ing a map of tho city were thoa opened ;-Old ham, £110; John Hall, £100; Porter, £120; James Warner, £90. The fjst, being the lou eil, w..a (Kcrpted. The lender of Godfrey White, fur the crcctbn of a log culvert in Spring Hol- low for £80, wai accepted. Temiera «sie invited from competent genltant'ii for the oflico of City surveyor. Candidates will lunn to state t!>" amount of salary required, and offers will be received up to the 15th October. In Tuesday's issue we public a altamont of the amount et dation m:o\veà and goods issued at the Custom ticwn» of Wide Bay, Port Cuitis. mid l;ooK|lrl,nptom, during the month of Augus--*., 181,0, iVom which it appears that from Vrldo ¡lay tin; amount was £732 -3s. 2d.; Kiora Port Curtis, £G3 11s ; and from Rock- hampton, £351 17s Id. 'Hie committee of the Swedenborg Society, London, have forwarded to tho School of Arts in this city, a completo set ol' Swedenborg'« Theological works, consisting ol' forty volume». Great iucotivui.icncc is often .-ccisioncd by the circulation of those wretch ed apologies for muiicy, called " ca'nlwshcs," mid frequent in- stances of this occurred in our own oflicc. The documents lefcrred to are utterly valueless for negotiation here, and tho paper h generally so thin and rotten as to render tit« probability of payment extremely uncertain, because of the wear and tear consequent upon repealed changes from hand to hand. The usual monthly meeting of Building Society No. 3, w,is held on Monday evening la->t, « hen upwards of £300 was received, and five shares sold at the rate of 21 per cent interest. Tho usual fortnightly dramatic readings were held in the School of Arts on Tuesday evening last, and as customary, there was a largo attendance. The following pieces were all read admirably:-Mr. Walker, two extracts from Sir Walter Scott's poem of" Marmion ;" Mr Houghton, two stories from Paul Pry's w.>-' entitled tlio " Incoiivpiiienccs iif a c- ?*"?"« distance," and " ICarly ¡using ¡" ..uveiiient Smith, a "Requiem tor tim "' ' «""d Mr. J. P, riors." The next cn* . "eQ;' Crimean War", will take place o- ' .«urtainuient of this kind Persons . " -a l'aesday, tho 2nd October, fir-- - rfno have been iVthe habit of cutting "wood ttpotl Croivn lands in the vicinity of Brisbane, havo been brought rip all standing dur- ing the week by a request-from Inspector Quirk, who acts ns Crown Ranger, to "show their licenses," This unexpected "result of separa -ti )ii"-U3 au indignant drayman styled it-has provoked much discussion among the fraternity of carriers, .md some of tho moro irascible have coun- cbed the advisability of nuking ti "great rou- intirely " about it. Tim School ol' Arts, ipswich, is going n-hend. A colltctbn ol valuable book-» and instruments, ordeicdl'oi' that institution, arrived by the Ex p.es-i. The buoks are judiciously selected, and the inslumcnts consist of ti pair of globes of large dimensions, a self.registoring thermometer, an aneroid, nnd a mercurial barometer. The latter, however, through iiisücnre packing, has been in- jured, and will have to bo sent, to Sydney foi- re- pair. Tho subscription for th» new Hall is rapidly increasing,Uio Government havinggranted £600. The Union, schooner, which formerly traded to this port, was wrecked on or about 'the 22nd July last, at Paiera Island, some seven or eight miles to tho north wai d of M&imkau; Heads (N.Z.) As no information could ha obtained of tho crew, tiley aro all supposed to have perished. ., The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, at Toowoomba, were held on Thursday, the 13th instant, before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. The following cases were decided :- Simon Mayer, for rape, not guilty, Symes, for forgery and uttering, guilty, to be imprisoned with hard labour in Brisbane Gaol for eighteen months; Regina v. Bennett, alias Somers, alias Ward, for horse stealing, pleaded guilty, to be im- prisoned for twelve months with hard labour ; Regina v. Burnett, for stealing a cow and calf, not guilty; Patrick Sutton, larceny, three months imprisonment, with hard labour; Regina v. Conway, for stealing and receiving a bank cheque, guilty on the first count, to be imprisoned with hard labour in Brisbane Gaol for twelve months ; Regina v. "Gentleman John," a Chinaman, for stealing two pairs of trousers, guilty, to two year's hard labour on the roads ; Same v. Same, for forgery and uttering, the Attorney-General declined to prosecute ; Regina v. Keelan, for rape, to two year's hard labour on the roads. This case closed the list. The Ipswioh papers complin tna(¡ t,-]0 (j0_ verunient havo determined opon expending the £3000 voted for Brisbane-street, in that town, under the supervision of their own officers, in- stead of placing the amount to the oivdit of the Municipal Council. The 'following notification? wore mado in tlio last number of the ' Gazette':-Arthur Wilcox Manning. Esq., to hu Principal Under-Secretary, in the room of Abram Orpen- Moriai ty, Esq., resigned.--John Bramston, Esq., barrister-at !aw, lo 'JO Clerk of the Executive Council, in the room of Abram Orpen Moriarty, lüsq., resigned ¡ also to, net temporarily in the cap.ioity of Parua jiioatwvw Draughtsman.-Mr. William Gilpin Watt, "Oniet Constable of Wanriolc, to bo li», speotor'of Slaughterhouses, for the police district of Warwick.-Might Rev, Edward Wyndham TiiiTnell, D.D., fiord Bishop ol' Brisbane, and the Rev. Duncan Campbell Mnokcnzio, minister of the Chuich of Knglnnd, Gayndah, aro registered as Ministers of Religion for the celebration of Marriages, At a preliminary meeting, held at Toowoomba, on Saturday evening last, for the purpose of de- ciding upon the names of those perons who were considered best fitlod mid qualified for election to tho, proposed Municipal Council, the following mimes were carried:-Messis. Groom, Boulton, M'C'nrthy, Annand, M'Pherson, Pet6r Goutlo, J. Robertson, Kirkpatrick, T. Mather, P. ltynn, J. Clegg, D. Donovan, H. O'Marrn, G. Ballard, Klein, W. li. Green, Dodd, William, Porry, Hutchinson, Wilks, Stevens, Mole, and Lttiden burg. The names of Messrs. E. Lord, and 13, Death were rejected, tho latter wo presume, on account of tho disinclination ot the Too- woon! binns to seo a "Death's head" at their Council hoard. Tho 'D. D. Gazette' has tho following : " There is about fi\o acres i,f lund unJer a crop of oats, the property of Mr. S. Mellan, of this town, th.it now looks splendid und promises an abundance of hay. Tho field referred to is on tlio southern entrance to Toowoomba, and «ithiti sight of that township. As a Bum pie of tho pro- ductivo capabilities of tho district it is highly encouraging, and will no doubt lead to further entorpriie in tho cultivation of Cereals. It is time tho prejudice that has so long and foolishly entjrtnined, to tho offtct tint this is not an "g ricultural district, should become ofcolate, when experiments havo so satisfactorily proved its fallacy." The same journal also makes the sulijoinrcl observations relative lo tho 'necessity which exists in that locality for ti wind or steam floiu mill;-"The requirement for a work of such general utility na that of a wind or steam fljur mill must in a great moasure depend upon the times, the circumstances, and tho prospective capabilities of the locality in which it is proposed to start ono. Tim agricultural capabilities di" this district have not as jet boen sufficiently tested "to alford any rolinblo indices as to their extent, though ciion.^h lins been dono to prove its nrndnotivu capabilities of a high order. Olio ol* ino greatest oiicouragenu'tits to tigriculturnl ciUorpriao is undoubtedly the vicinity of a market. For lut a market bo ever so good, if distant, the oust of carriage renders it unavailable "as a stimulus lo production, if a wind or steam flour mill trete to bo started hero or at Toowoomba, thero is little doubt hut what it would soon be- come not alone a remunerative enterprise to a company or an individual, hut a potent auxiliary to agí ¡culturar propres*. With snob a tn.ll not only the Downs hut the vast interior country to which it is nu outlet, would no longer hu depen- dent upon the precarious stato ol' (he Ip-iwich ro.id '. for our dailv broad " Flour isa vory im pirtunt ilcm'in tho cost of carriage. But if a llom- mill wero established here, no doubt a great dent moro land wiuld be brought under cultiva- tion than ttuw, as there would bo a homo market f.ir-produiv, and up country squatters and store hoopers would get their flour from our mill, whilo the snving of tho from-here-to-Ipswich ourringo, would bo a prout both lo tilo miller and to Hie squatter." Hy tho la t mail fiom England Sir Qoorge I BOA uti received a despatch Irom the Secretary of I State, oouohed ia yery explicit language, in refer ene to fho right of Mi. Justice Imtwvcbe to a f.ilnry or £2000 n year, nn¿ ine amount of bia ret» mg tillo«anco. "^? gcWfllorv 0f gtAtlâ do' chues lus opii,.;^ (1)nl Mr> T,ntnV('lie ¡s cntUIeü, " ', "1 equity and law." lo (lie full s.tlnry given fo. n'iii hv thoNoîV f-'ûii.'h Wales nets, and con- çois in the i pinion exprcbM-d hy (he law offi-on tf »it S-uilh Wale« -1 h..t the salary H scoured hy ¡he- IClh and 20ili sériions <.f flin Order in COT eil tf the Cth JUMP, 1859. A simi1«!' cpl'iion is given with UF])ect to ti o it'tii i>iy allowance of the Judge. Jn the n u the p'uinliß' lins coiihcntctl to accept tho sum of £"0, till of winch having been promise!, it onlv remains for the ml sei ibcrs to baud over Uicir rebpi clive subscriptions, «hen Jones, nil] bo im mediately released. From Sept.21st to Sept. 28th. Rumour has been very busy during the week, as is always the case when the avocations of men do not require their undivided attention. The fitst on dit worth mentioning is that the Colonial Secretart is not unlikely to leave us, as his personal affairs requiring his presence in England. The next report- which is true enough beyond all doubt-is, that Mr. Buckley has accepted the Auditor-Generalship, and his resignation will of course involve an election for East Moreton. A thiid whisper is that Mr. Blakency has accepted, or is iiboat l,J accept, ii Police Mt'ightrucy, willi £501) it y.-ur. Seeing lU'.lt,i " billet" isgenernllv supposed to he tim umbizione di prlmpç/rjiare of th it goatlem.in, cvei * 00l|v took tho staroment for gr-mtod, almost, hct ».e'huHevo th'ut it is quite incorrect, and. that the appointment obtained bv Mf> ß!llUeney U rae,cly J.lie temp jfM.y pQS^ 0f Comroi->sior.or, io enquire ', the chnrget ngainst Mr. Halloran The '..oxt and hist rumour to which vve will give form ami embodiment is, that Mr. Jordan js to ho sent home ns the peripatetic representativo and emi- gration agont of Queensland, - 'lim, wo aro informed on good authority, is no less true than that Mr. Buckley has accepted the Auditor Generalihip^ Air. Jcrdan's resignation will ren- der another contest fir the city necessary, and men are already speculating ns to tho probable niimbar of candidates. Tho absence of Mes,ra. Herbet t, Buoklay, niid Jordan from tho House cannot fail lo bo felt «hen tho next sesión co-n ineuces, and tho best thing the various onstitu oncies can do is, to choose successors to these "refusing- place-hunters, and searching for good men and true, Vi'o published during llio'wook the report of the committee appointed to enquire, into the best method of representing the colony at the Great Exhibition ol 1862. It is evident that the mem- bers chosen for the oommitleo were not injudi- ciously selected, for thoy hnvo pei-fnrm¿d their task with all necessary completeness and in- dustry. It is recommended that samples or specimens of the following articles should bo rent:-Wool; Tallow; Hides; Meats, Pickle 1 Mid Preserved ; Grain and cereals of al! kinds, including Bice, Sorghum, Millet, and Maizo ; Wines ; Oils ; Woods, for constructive mid ortia '¡neiilal purposes; Fruits, cultivated, indigenous; Textil« material, from bonana, gigantic Lily, and for making paper; Coals; Metals; Marbles; Gums; Tortoiscshell ; Pearls ;" Coffee ; Tea; Ginger; Cinnamon ; Native Nutmeg, and At rowroot. Afiho weekly mooting of the Brisbane Coun- cil on Monday last, a resolution was carried authorizing the erection of sheds at the N.orth and Houth ferry stairs, and instructing ','no Im- provement, Committee to procuro »'.'.ans to be suhmitti-dîor approval ntafuniro meeting. The interest ni the Volunteer movement is not abating, but, on thu contrary, increasing, as the attendance at evening >'uT]]\ ",¡u "],(,"., During the lutft vTcek tho lowest number that attended was 75, and tit.., highest 90. An ngitatiou for the ejection «¡f officers has already commenced. An Interesting lecture was delivered in the Scljûol of Arts, this evening, by Mr Fou inga, a gáiitletnan who ucoonifmnied Bishop Tuffiiell xrom England. Tho subject waa " The Life of Sir Henry Havelock," and the manner in which tho subject was treated showed that the leoturer. had bestowed most careful attention on it. Mr. Poltigrew guYO his workmen their mimi annual treal on S.itutday last. The party, con- sisting of about! 50-men, women, aud children -uinbarked on board tho Urctner, and proceded to tho Hay. Having aniveil thither, the vessel shaped a northerly course, and steamed about a mile up the Pitie River. This bein occisión" upon which a vossol had entered this rivor, tlie pleasure of novelty was uddod lo the ther iittracliotis of the day. The clergymen who accompanied Bishop Tuff nell fiom England have been distributed as fol- lows :-The Rev. John Tomlinson, Brisbane; the Rev. Thomas Jones, Brisbane; the Rev. John Sutton, Gladstone; the Rev. Vincent Frederic Ransome, Toowoomba; the Rev. Edward G. Moberly, Dalby ; und tho Rev. ---- Mackenzie, Gayndah. Tho township of Toowoomba has boen pro- claimed as a placo for holding Courts of Petty Sessions. By an "advertisement in another column, we ara glad to perceivo that an effort is being made to establish a Mechanics' Instituto at South Uiisbnno. As the population is sufficiently large, and tho distança thoy have to come to this side no trillo, wo see no reason why the efforts of the projectors should not meet with success, tho rapidity with- which the shares of the Queensland Steam Navigation Company are being taken up, augurs most favourably for its success. Wo are informed that one-fourth of the shares aro already taken up in Brisbane alono. Tho foundations of the new Government House, .'o far us the excavation are concerned, are »hendy nearly completed, and vve believo the mason's woik will bo commoncod immediately, A petition signed by 94 ol tho inha bitnnls of Maryborough, praying for the incorporation of that township appeared in last Saturday's ' Go- vernment Gazette.' The new Gaol has, hy a proclamation in the ' Government Gazette,' been declared to bo A " public gaol, prison, und lioifo vf correction,'" und, in about a fortnight, will be ready to receive its future inmates. Owing to the extreme irregularity of the mails, wo ato nuable to rely upon tho regular arrival of our Chu once files. Tho following, however, is a brief epitome of ovonts, taken -from the latest papers receive'd^-Mr. Fisher,-nu active rosidout nt Grafton, is about to throw out a wharf from tho ferry stores in that town, 120- feet long, so tis to allow of vessels of heavy draught to como alongside - The same gentleman also contem- plates, the" ereolion of a flour mill-The recent coal discovery in the Lawrence district promises well, and ti party havo ali cady sunk tit a piuco called the Elbow a sim fe ol'20 feet, and from the formation of thestiata through which they pass, there is every likelihood ol' tbe.ro being an ex- tensive coal-field iu that diicetion.-A small building, for a Custom House, has boon ereoted at Gi ni ton.-The Held in the wheat ctops on farms udjacent to Ulm-u-ra was from 28 to 30 bushels to the nero, tims showing the capabilities of the Clareuce as a wheat-growing dlstriot. In speaking of the Tooloom gold-fields, the same paper remarks:-" Tho monotony of our exist oiico heio rem.iius unrelieved ; i-till we jog on from day to day foi gel hil ol' their names, and oven oblivious when I ho Sabbath tetuins. SmtH malíes occur now mid then, but the languid clia raoter iif our mining population, together «¡til their small number, prevent tiny satisfactory re sulls." At Canal Crock, somn distonoo from Tooloom, thero is a qiurlz rauf containing gold plainly to bo soon tit nine foot sinking, yet, ap- parently, it is deserted. It nppo.irs that the ut ompt to form a church on those fields was a total ni lu re. The tender of Mr, Petrie, for the ereolion of the refroslimo'it rooms in connection with the Legislativo Chambers, hu3 boon accepted, and the woik will lia immediately proceeded with. Tho tonder ol' Mr. Lucas, for tho election ol' a Court Houso at Oallaudooii, was accepted on Monda), uni tho work will of courso bo pro cowloil viith at once. Tho estimated cost is £798. From tho Ipswich Herald, HO leam that Bishop Tuffiioll was expootul to nnivo thero on tho 29th. It is understood that tho Bishop, after taking part in tho borvioo i of St. Paul's Cliuioh in lhat (own on áuinhiy ucxt, will pro or-ed to Toowonmbi mid Drayton, ami that, on his reluiM, probably on tim tollo« itig vwck, ho will remain there tor a day or tuo, and hold a confirmation. "By ne tlícations in tt\ô < ("iovernment Gazette' Arthur Wllrot Manning, Tsq , ha, ben ap- pointed! a mrmher of (lie Land Board in the room of Abram Oip.-n Mori.-riy, FCq., resigned; mid tim linn. J")," Jnmes G.ilK.wnv, by vin a" ol' Imleader-hip of Gommaient busiiiefis ¡" the Lo ^'.'"'^C'cuix-il, has bei h appointed a member i'-r-f ,,*,eoll!!Ve Co,1,ll;i|. >n tho place of Cnp'ain Cönne,], "ho Ina hoon elevated to the chair of that Hr.iiso The following appointments we:o alsonotifi-d.-Mr. Fro.tericl.- Oime Darvall (0 7 h°"''^i«r-GP!!cnil1in«ilditidn to the offices ¡dread) Hld bT him ; ttio Iîev. Iîoh,rf. Crevice to oe Deputy-iregistiur; Mr. Albert Mm-a el I Hut chit.son to b3 Sub Collector of Cusioms at Ipi- li ¡ch ; and tho Hon. Geor^o Harris, M.L.C., to ho recognized provisionally as Consular Agent fir Belgium. It m iY bo int< resting to persons of the Jewish persuasion to know lhat.fhe opening of the iSew Year wai celebiated for the first rimo in this colony during the pas' nee]: nt Ipswich, accord- ing to the usual ceremonial forms of that chnrch -about a dozen persons nsocrabl ng at Mr. An«ell's for the purpose. A public meeting «ill he held in Ipswich on Wednesday next, for tbo pm pose of forming a Champion Sweepstakes for Queensland, to take place in May next. Veil's Life in Sydney slates that Mr. Tait has thrown Zoe, the winner ol'the second Australian Champion Sweepstakes, out of work, with the intention of reserving her or the Ipswich event. On Wednesday last, in Ipswich, a number of tho residents of that town and its vicini-y as- sembled at the Clarendon Hotel, tor the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Colonel Gray. After a few appropriate remarks from tho chair- man (Mr. R. J. Smith), und Mr. O. R Chub'), the chairman, on behalf of tho subscriber;- pre- sented a purse containing one hundred guineas to the Colono!,, who. replied with much feeling and cmotiin. '\ - We perçoive that the proprietors of the " Ipswich Herald " have disposed of the copy- right, plant, &c;, to Mr. G. H. Hall, who hitherto has been the nominal editor, A child two aud a half years of ago, tho offspring of a shepherd of tbo name of Horn, on an out-station of Muninggendon, Darling Downs, was lost last Tuesday week. The poor child was out three days and nights, and was found on a steep ridge, which a grown person could with difficulty ascend, about three miles away from the hut. How it managed to escapo the native dogs, which are very numerous on that station, remains a mystery. A correspondent of tho 'JJ. D. Gazette' deícribea a " scene" .which happened at a mar- riage festival in Drayton. "Having been in- vited to spend nu hour or two with a newly-mar- ried couple," he says, "we arrived about eight o'clock, p.m., and when within a fnw yards of the place, saw from about 20 to 30 boys and young men, some gi own men, who had met'for the purposo of annoying the happy pair, which they di J in the-usual manner with tin kettle", etc. Not satisfied \ritb this, and aware that the. only two men belonging to the house were away, they took- ndvnntage of tho 'circumstance, and rushed into the house in search of tho bride, whom, when they found, dragged hor out, half dead with fright, and uko a lot of Chippewnh Indians, danced round their victim, making all kinds of vulgar gesticulations." The correspon- dent concludes by deploring the occtirretKo of such disgraceful scenes in ilia so- called enlight- ened Drayton. A Government-land salo was held in Drayton on the 17th instant, 6f town and suburban allot- ments in the vicinity of Drayton and Toowoomba, when 42 lots nero sold, lealisintf £8S4 2s. 7d. Theie is a mischievous ¡zrub, about an inch or an inch mid a half long, attacking the mots of corn < potatoes, onions, and every kind of gat den, produce, on tlio Downs. . The Messrs. 15. Crowcll and Co.,'telegraph contractors, of Melbourne,' luve arrived in Mait- land, on route to Murrurundi, to commence their contract of the line from thence to the hounda'-y of Queensland. The i arty consists of about thirty men, and thoy expect to complete the work in about ten mouths. The ' North Australian ' say» that the man cm ployed by the Municipal Council, Ipswich, lo re- move the stumps from the streets of that town, has freqnently unearthed snakes from among the roots of the stumps as many ns forty-three hav- ing been found by him in the process pf his work. It is a brown snake, fiom six to ten inches long, hut without the tapering tail usual to the family, and no larger in circumference than a larg* earth-worm, Their being so little known is ac- counted for by the fact that thoy live exclusively below ground Tho Governor has issued a proclamation, ex» tenditiif the limits of the port ot Moreton Bay to Ipsnich,and tho Colonial Tren*tirer.h.is mmounced that on and after the 1st October, dutiable goods imybe warehoused in that town. The Collector of Customs has al°o announced thal, a portion of the premises of Messrs. W. Gray and Co. lias been lioensed as a bonded store-that the river steamers Breadalbane, Brisbnne, and Bremer aro licented to convoy goods under bond-and that proper Bteps will bo taken towoids the safe cus- tody of goods in trnusitu. Twelve hourn' notioa must also ho given prior fo the removal of gonds under bond from Brisbane lo Ipsn ich, and fur- ther that nil goods must bo guaced and weighed, and marked in Brisbane previous to their re- moval. ' An interesting experiment was instituted in the Brisbano Hospital, on Thursday, by Dr. Barton, in ocjisequenee of a rumour which ap- peared in a Sydney paper, relative to the eff.'Cts of nisei)io as an antidote to strychnine. A dog, about bix months old, was made the subject of an experiment. A grain of sttychnino was attempted to be administered, some of which escaped, and as the animal appoared to revive after a-tow minutes, half a grain moro was added. In ftfteon minutes moio tho effect was visible, whereupon ten grains of arsonio wero tried, half of whioh however escaped through the violent struggles ol' the beast. In nbuut five minutes violent tetanic twitches ensued ; in two more the dog fell down. Another dose of arsenic was then given, after a lapse of 5J minutes, but in one minute more the clog died. The pulsation of the heart before death was 52. "The rosult appeared to the lookers-on, flint, so far from noting as an antidote, tho arsenio li as toned the notion of the strychnine. Two inqtfests wero hold' on Thursday, on the bodies of Ralph IIarri»ut| and a child, übont four years old, who resided with her parents on tlio Pine River. The verdiut in the first oase was, " Died lrora inflammation in tho stomuah caused by excoisivo drinking," and in the. second, " Accidental death by~burning." From Sopt. 28th to Ootober 5th. MR. BUCKI.EÏ has been gazetted as Audilor Geiicral, and has resigned'his seat in the Assem- bly. For the vaoanoy thin created in the repré- sentation of East Moreton two candidates uro «polcan of with certainty-Mr. T. S. Warry and Mr. T, L. M. Prior, and' it is generally believed that Jil'. R. Cribb will make his appearance in tile field. Mr. blakenoy, by way of filling up the time pre\iotts to obtaining the Polico- Magistracy be foro spoken of, has" acoepted the post of Com- missioner to enquire into the charges nffeoting Air. Halloran'« official oharnecer. Of course, Mr. B. only does this upon cet tain " terrums," and" it a question whethi-r, after li iving acoepted such a post, he onn hold his seat in tho House. Wo belicvo not, since evory representative is bound to tosigii upon receiving an appointment-other than that of rospoii3ible minister-in virtue of whioh he draws upon the public trensury. It is now pretty woll understood that Mr. Jor- dan is to go home as Immigration Ai.cn t, and the 'North Australian' statos that ho is to receive a salary of £600 a year and his expenses. Forsuoh a handsome "consideration" ns this, tho work ought to bo dono thoroughly, and wo must look for tho rosult in the numbor of ship loads ot imuilmunts that Mr. Jordan succeeds in sending out during the four years. Apropos of this subject, wo may givo vent to an opinion wo havo heard cxpros-ed that, ni Dr. Lang is going homo on Hho same errand on his " own hook," it is hardly north whilo to put the colony to an expenso of £800 or £1000 a year in sending home Mr. Jordan -, especially as tho Dostor is likely to bo the most successful advocate of tho two." It is confidently stated that Mr. John Kout, of Jpswich, is to have the appointmont of Polioo Magistrate in' that town. Mr. K. is the editor of Mie " North Anstiulian," and the "North Australian'" has been beslavering the Attorney General pretty much lately. Quat loci, iot ^advlotoiEi, A public meeting was held ut tim Commer- cial Hotel, South Hi isla ne, on Monday evening last, for tho f urpose of forming ii Mechanics' Institute on the South chip. The chair was taken by Mr. H. Richird«, MT1., and several oeiitlemen spoke in favor of the o'ject for which the meeting was convened. A provisional com- mittee of fifteen persons was appointed to frame rules, itf., and ¡it til-1 clo-e of the pioceedin-ís n subscription list was opened, and upwards ol'£25 subscribed towards the library fand, several gen- tleman promising h-oks-, periodicals, &o.; Thirty members were enrolled. At tho usual weekly meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Council on Monday, a report of tho Improvement Committee -.viss brought up, recom- mending that the culvert proposed to bo erected in Queon-stroet, between Wharf and Creek streets, should be made a little to the north of theprestiit bridge, but at tho same time recom- mended that, as the road at present was in fair repdr, it should stand over till the Tjeginuing of 1SG1, as tho works in hand did _ not leave sufficient funds to carry out any "more largo works this year. The Market Committee submitted a code of bye laws fo_r the consideration of the Council, whioh, after some explanation, were ordered to lie on the table for a week. A resolution to the effect that stone bo punted to Kangaroo Point for the purpose of'repairing the road in that locality, was agreed to. 'Penders were invited for clearing tho road on Wickham Ter» 'race, from the point already cleared to the G roon Hills or North Bond. Alderman Cribb brought up the motion standing in his name, relativo lo the construction of a culvert in Queen-street, which, after some conversation as to the cost (estimated at from £500 to £1500), was carried by a majority of four to threo. Tho last monthly return of the Brisbane Hospital shows the number of persons in that institution on the 1st of October to bo 34-27 pauper, and 7 pay patients. An advertisement appeared in our pafmr on Tuesday, signed by tho Harbour Waiter, noti- fying an encroachment of the sand bank upon Freeman's Channel in a north easterly direc- tion from the Red Buoy. . ^ The amount of duties received at tho Bris- bane custom house during the past month was £2650 .6s. 4d., and during the pnst quarter £9874 Os. Id. The return of tho past month shows a considerable falling-off compared with that of the proYiousfraonth, but the quarter, on the whole, indicated a large increase. The tiîual fortnightly dramatic readings were held in the School of Arts on Tuesday,' when tho following pieces were road :-" The Vulgar Little Boy," by Mr.Allwood; a chapter of " Christopher Tadpole," by Mr. Hoghton; part of the play of " The Lady of Lyons," by Mr. Allwood : and a chapter from " Martin Ohuz zlewit," by Mr. Hoghton. Tho last meeting of IJuilding Society, No. 2, was held in tho PoliCo-offico on Monday. The final report was read by the Secretary, and was declared to bo highly suti-faotory. The society has lasted four years, and tfcoso who have not bought out will netta p-ofit of £16 8s. on each of thoir shares, and besides this, a further dividend of 5s. 9d. in the £ on the last monthly payment of each member. The Executive Council have not yet come to a decision with regard to tho acceptance of tenders for the construction of tho cleotric telegraph line, bnt a meeting of the Council will he held to-movrow, and the lenders will then be taken into consideration. At the Government Land Salo in the Brisbono Police Office on Wednesday, ouCof the sixty-one loM offered for sale, only l8 wero disposed of, and tile '»mount realized £242 12s. Id. Jn no in- stance did the lots railiza a highor sum than the upset price Iked. It is generally understood that his Excellonry tho Governor will lejve by the Olnronco for Wide Bay on Tuesday, on his* contemplated visit to tho Northern districts. . \- In Thursday's issue wo published the petition of tho resident inhabitants, fi\oholdcrs and householders, in the Clarence mid Richmond dis- tricts to tho Queen, praying that her Majesty will exoroiso the right reserved to her hythe Constitution Act, by separating tho.se districts from New South Walo*, and nnnexing thom to tho colony of Queensland. The petition, rhich, wo believe, emanated from Dr. Lang's pen, ably and succinctly details all tho ficta necessary to a proper understanding of llio position of alf tiru. It exposes the whole or the chicanery and iii triguo attendant upon tho Armid ile court poti tioti-so called-of 1856, which Baid petition was nothin-j; more nor less than nil anti-separa- tion document, got np by interested parties, and for which signatures wore obtained by represent- ing its solo object to the establishment of a cir- cuit court at Armidale. It also shows the ab- surdity of the present boundary, and points out tho advantages to be g.iined by substi- tuting for it tho 30th parallel of latitude, tit which point the physical features of the country ure. specially adaptable to tho purposes of territorial pattition. Tho petition also en- larges upon the injustice with winch tho revenue arising from those districts has-been appropriated by New South Wales, without any adequate ex» pouditure being returned ; and it is stated that, while £80,000 were derived from the districts, only £4000 wero expended. We I eliovo that ti o petition is being rapidly signed, and will very probably be entrusted to the caro ol' Dr. Lang, who is about to visit England, for presoni.ation to the Secretary of State. On Saturday last, Bishop Tuffnoll VIMS welcomed in St. Paul's Church, Ipswich, by the parishoners of that church aud neighbourhood. An address, signed hy 127 persons, was presented to bim hy Colonel Gray. The Bishop, in reply- ing, mudo nu appropriate speech, mid gave a short outline of the state of episcopal affairs, ero. We hear that it is tho intention of the right rev. gentleman to make a tour through Toowoomba, Drayton, d-o. Tho Rov. Dr. Lang and his son, Mr. G. D. Lang, have determined upon visiting Europe, thoir object being to promote A suitablo stream of emigration to Queensland,' in accordance with tho provisions of the Lund Act, and tho encouragement of cotton-growing. It is thoir intention to visit -longland, Scotland, and Iro land) and by lecturing, writing, &o.;, in the towns and villages of those countries, to pro- claim tho varied resources, cliinato, and capa bilities of this oolony. It is tho intention of Mr. G. D. Lang to sturt next month, and Dr. Lang will probably sail in tho middlo of No- vember. Captain Micbosk, who is at prosont in Ips- wich, has completed his final arrangements for the gold seeking expedition, and will probably start on Monday next. * , A Government Laud Sale was hold at the .Polico-otlico, Ipswich, on 1st October, whon throe country; lots wore sold for £193 5s., and 17 town lois in tho village of Laidley wero sold for £76 10s. In tho village of Gatton, 24 lots were parted with, realising £139 5s. Out of "5-1 lots put up for salo, only 10 wero unsold. A public mooting, convened by advortiso mont, took place in tho Ülaroudón Hotel, Ipswich, on Wodiiosday.-in furthoranco of the proposal to got up a Queensland Champion Sweepstakes, to bo run for on the Ipswich course in May noxt, Mr. Murphy, (Mayor), took tho chair, and sovcral gentloinon spolto in favour of the scheme, arguing that it would bring a jpotnnany people to the district, who, besides spending theil- money there, would judge for thomsclvos what sort of tv place Ipswich was. At tho close of tho mooting, a subscription list was handed round for signa turo, and tho largo amount of £200 3s. was subscribed in sums varying from £20 to £1, making together with tho previous subscrip- tions, a total of £081 3s. A Oriokot Club is in oourso of formation at Maryborough. Tiio " W. B mid Burnett Times " says ¡-" Wo havo boon lately informed (hat auriferous do posits havo been procured in various locilitio.s, within forty miles of Maryborough, and that tho general opinion is, that I hose p'neos would bo lound,on being piospeotwil. lo turu out '.jnod pay- able gokl-liokls. Lot tu hopo ro ; and also that some means may be devised for testing their auriferous nature," A correspondent, signing himself "J. B.," states, in the same paper, that he has lately visited the fresh water lake reported some time ago as having been discovered by Lieutenant Bligh, in the neighborhood of the Carroora Mountain. He states that the lake in question is a large sheet of water seven miles in length by about four in width ; and about forty miles south-east from Maryborough. Adjoining this lake to the southward is a similar sheet of water, but of a larger area, communicating with the sea through Laguna Bay. " J. B." also states that the aborigines informed him that further south again, there were two other lakes of similar appearance, forming a continu- ous chain. The correspondent assorts that the water in both of the lakes was unmistikeably salt when he visited them, but has no doubt but that in the upper lake would become fit for use in wet seasons. The sittings of the Supreme Court were held at Maryborough on the 27th and 28th of Sep- tember, and 1st of October. The " Wide Bay and Burnett Times " has given np the ghost, or, as the proprietor more elegantly phrases it, its.publication is " post- poned for an indefinite period," Our Mary- borough correspondent puts tho failure dow i to inefficient management, "and states that 'another journal will soon be started. Out of Hie seventeen'.tendera called for for Hie conveyaneo of mails for 1861, fifteen have been accepted, the amount of the contracts bein" £4159. The lender for the daily mail bc-twreu Brisbane and Ipswich, and the weekly mail be- tween Warwick and Leyburn aro to bo served bv the 22nd instant. " Sir Charles Nicholson has returned lo Brisbane from a tour through the northern districts, the main object of which was to acquire a general information respecting the natural and artificial resources of Hie country. Aocustomed ni he was to ths flattering report of tho extensivo tracts of land in the vicinity of Rockhampton, ho states that he was not at all prepared for the beautiful natural spectacle whioh was laid out before him on his arrival in that town. On Thursday night, some person entered the late residence of Mr. Jordan, M,P., and look .therefrom a considerable number of books of1 n professional character, belonging to Mr. Mac- kenzie, who succeeds in business to Mr. Jordan, The house, which ia at present uatenantcd, was loft on the night in question with no person in possession. The thief bus succeeded hitherto in escaping justice. A sad accident occurred on Wednesday last near. Ipswioh. A farmer of the name of John Walton, who lives on the Drayton Road/nbuut six miles from Ipswich, was engaged with his son, a youth about fourteon years old, in sairin" with a cross-out saw in tho bush. By some ao^ cident a branch off tho tree fell down on tho poor boy's leg, six inches abavo the ankle, and broke it. The limb, however, has been set, And there is somo hope of his recovery. A singular case carno on for trial in the Small Debts Court, Ipsw'-eh, on Wednesday, the 3rd instant, Mr, Uaimhargar, was sued by plaintiff, Mr. Ford, for medical attendance and other costs incurred in the care of Ford's son of a bite inflicted by a dog belonging lo defendant. The attorney for Hnim be^ger contended that thora was no primn facie evidence, as the boy was not present, and the father of the toy, although piesent, lind not seen the original transaction, and contended that thero was no evidence to sh-iw that tho dog be- longed to Mr. Ilaimbergcr, and that, sitj'pas'ng it to he so, whether it was in the habit of biting mankind. There being no proof of either, the eise was postponed for the production of wit- nesses, A counter-petition to tho one already pub- lished in the ' Gazette,' that Maryborough be p.-ocliiimed a municipality is being signed in the town of Rockhampton. Tha new Union Bank at Rockhampton is in course of erection, and bids fair to outvie ¡ho pie sent style of architecture in that town. A public meeting was hold at tho Fitzroy Hotel, Rockhampton, on the 21st ultimo, for tho purpose of organizing a Cotton Growing As;ociat'ton. Sir Charles Nicholson, Bart., too'c the chair, and addressed tho meeting on the subject for which they had been gathered together, and urged upon the inhabitants the'' necessity of going at once into the matter with energy and determination. Tho following Tantiemen also addro-i3ed the meeting: .-essrs Alfred Brown, Louis, J.P., Albrecht Feez, W. Landsborough, L. J. Bird, R. M. Hunter, atid T. Vickery. Five resolutions were passed unanimously, tho objects'of which were to petition the Govern nont to take such steps as will secure to the district a supply of labour adequate to the wants of the country : that as the most direct and eligible mode of establishing tho growth of cotton, would be by a systom of moderate premiums on its ptoduction, thoy would suggest that an annual appropriation out of the revenue should be made for a limited poriod, for the pul- poso of effecting this important subject ; that a permanent association be formed, to be called the Contrai Quemsland Association, for the pur- poso of promoting the interest and aiding the development of that part of the colony ; fur cor- responding with the government with the view of securing a due appropriation of the general revenue to tho dis'.rict, the formation of emigra- tion, the development of goldfields, »rd the en- couragement of the growth of ditton, and such other articles of tropioal produce its may bo found suitublo to the soil and climate of the dis- trict. A momorial was also agreed to and is now in course of signature, petitioning tho govern- ment to toko suoh steps ns they may think fit for promoting a regular and systematic influx of popiilition to that district as, at present the great natural resources of that part of the colony of Queensland are rendered utterly unavailable in consequence of tho want of labour. A puhlio meeting was also held in Rockhamp tm for tho purpose' of establishing a national i jliool in that town. Sir 0. Nicholson Burt, took ¿ho ohnir and the following gentlemen addressed (ho meeting, chiefly discoursing about the shame- fully neglected state of the juvenile population : J. Jardin, Esq., A. F. Wood, Esq., W. Brown, fCsq., and Charles Wakefield, Esq. Olio of the tesolutions earned wus tho following:-"That this meeting pledges itself to uso every exertion to raise a sufficient sum, vihi'ch, coupled with the government grant, will octet a building suitable for the requirements of the rapidly inai easing population of this important distriot"" 