THEATRICALS AND; |aUSI0. nriffEA'JTiSB 130-SAI,^ .. Apart from ovcry other consideration, the tron3forma lion of Shaksperc's renowned tragedy of 'Macbeth' into an Italian opera presents to the mind of on Kng lishinau an idea of nnalure half comic and liaif repugnant. But when that transformation is in'itfelf nothing less than a grand botch, when notonlv is tfie poetical con struction of- tho work' ruthlossjy' mutilated, but the quality of tbo musical clothing, which, if excellent, would only justify the daring innovation, i3 threadbare in trtTMifrt nnil fmioii in pnlnlii- tlli nfiftfntit a* nf (Konrn! duction appearing as a dull nnd spiritless traveslie, the chango irritates as well ' as repels: Such, at all- events, was tho feeling which ' governed us upon witnessing tho representation of Verdi's opera of 'llacbotto' on Saturday evoning, and such* wa believe, was tbo effect which was produced upon the audience generally. It is something to over come tho notion that hurlesquo is uot intended whon the celebrated soliloquies are intoned, and tho situations are altered to suit the exigencies of tho librettist; it is more to tolerate tho interpolation of a lallet ditettiitt mint in the terrific scene in which the conscience-stricken usurper and murderer applies to his infernal, instructors ftr a further insight into his destiny. But it is impos sible, after listening for three hours'to tho dragglotailcd melodies and crude but pretentious harmonies, which, fignor. Verdi considers is music adapted to 'his subject, to rise without experiencing a sensation of utter disuust. With tho exception of tho linnlc to tho second act, which is dramatic, and the sonnambulist scene, the musical importation of tho opera is worthless, while the whole of tho stage business hut' feebly rdlecU the story of. the tragedy, and altogether obliterates its metaphysical nature. . Tho first three acts were well acted'nevertho less, and wo rarely, if ever, saw Coulon, who imperso nated the chief character, to greyer advantage. He played well throughout, but in the banquet .'scene he evinced n thorough acquaintance with the necessities of the situation, and illustrated it with a vigour a j original as it was apposite. He also sang the long and confused solos,' with which Verdi has burlhcncd the character, with much expression— perhaps as much as could be imparted to such dreary and monotonous strains ; and, saving tho combat, with Alacdttffo (1), which was a failure, his performance was altogether dignified and interesting. Sladnmo , Bianohi, as Lady Macbeth, although occasionally exhibiting the traits of a firBt-class tragedienne, as iu the - first duct with Macbeth, and in the bleep-walking «ttna,'was less effective thin usual, much of. tho music being Out of her voicer Wo did not admiro her conception of the position which Lady Macbeth occupies when her terrified lord, haunted by the ghost of thu'murdered Baiijiio, franti cally exorcises the phantom which rises at lliu banquat, a ghastly protest against the diversion of tho muracrer'a mind from the horrors of which lib fatal ambition has been tho cause. Lady Macbeth dots not mock lite terrors of hor lord, 10; her soul ii filled with similar oc cupants; eho does not rally Jiim out of contoinpt for liis. weakness, for tho canker of remorse is at her own heart, and she ultimately succumbs before its influence. She remonstrates with him from fear that the ebullitions of his distempered mind may betray the awful secret which she shares with him, and Shakspero closes this grand tccno with a touch of tho most genuine pathos. The guilty and- masculine woman is by his magic wand lost n the affectionate, and unselfish wife, whose soothing intlueuce prevails oven over the horrors of the spectral visithti/n and the sharp pang of cohscieuco. Aladamo Bianchi evidently does not hold with us in this view 0 the character, but prefers a totally opposite- idea. * She pourtrays Lmly Macbe'h as a woman whoso aml.ition masters not only her affection but her respect for her; lord; she laughs at his fears and scorns his weakness. Stillthis lady is so '.borough an actress that, if she errs, the error -is divested of nil grossness by the mnwivo grandeur of her performance, tiignor Bianchi, as Mne duffo, has a pretty solo in the. last act; but bojond thnt, tho character possesses few claims to con sideration. Tho ? choruses as -usual are for the most part Ju unison. Tho witches liavo some pretty music to sing, but its cbaracteris nnlte afvariauca with tho tragic sentiment, and to mention it for a moment, in connection with tho beautiful; melodies of Statthow Locke, would bo only short of profanation.; The scenic accessories wore satisfactory, and if wo except tho ap pearance of the opposing armies, which was tbo reverse of effeotivej the mounting of tho piico . was meritorious.. It was repeated on Monduy ovenintr, to a rather thin honse, but has been withdrawn ainco. On Tuesday evening, ' XI Trovatore ' .was performed, the principal characters by Madame Carandini and. Miss O. Hamilton, and Messrs. Slienvin and Coulon, and on the following evening 'Norma 'was played, for tho benefit of Signor rJianchi, and to a nuuierout audience. Tho Signora's Norma will rank with ihe heat that tho colonial stage has witn6ssed, and Signor Bianchi sang' Pollio'a music with great taste and expression. ? Coulon, us wo all enow, is an excellent Oroveio. The npora has seldom been rendered in a manner moro gratifying to its ud mirers. 'Nino' was repeated on 1'hursduy, by Guber natorial command, llis Excellency, and Lady Darkly wore present, and both appeared [ifcased with tho por formanco. Tho dro*s circle was crowded, but there woro too mnny uuoccupied Beats in th« other portions of tho houso. This evening Verdi's chefd'uiivre. '. Kigoletto,' will be presented for tho first time iu the Australian colonies. ??'?'? ? ..: . 1. PBMOII OS' XVAIjKS XBI3BA0CKK. A drama entitled 'Garibaldi, or tho Hero of Palermo,' was played for Iho first lime on Saturday evening at Ibis tbtatro. 1 It la of conrsa founded upon the adventures of the renowned Italian patriot, and us n piece de oircumstance involving some ctTiictivs'tableaux pertinent to tho stirring incidents in the career of 'tho great celebrity of tho day, justifies the attention which tho management has bestowed upon it. Tho author has not condescended to reveal his name, but common report identifies* him with it well-known journalist nnd public lecturer, whose literary reputation however will hardly bo enhanced by this excursion into the domains of dramatic composition. The Argus, with characteristic modesty, bai extolled this trifle na a v,-Ork of high art, whereas neither in n literary nor in n dramatic point --f view is it ontitlod to assume such a character. Tho patriollo sentiment is scarcely discernible amidst a mass of borne bastlc and worn-out phrascologv, nnd wo fancy that th hook must read liko a fecblo Afyvi leading article con taining ' takes In ' from some letter of n Bendigo cor respondent. There is no plot, nnd tho third act appears ? to havo been altered dvery ? night since the piece was firat produced. Tho author has evidently no sympathy' for his' hero, or tho causo In which bo is engaged, for if nt any moment therois an opportunity offered for arousing tho enthu siasm of tho audience, it is speedily disposed of by the Introduction of some common-place bit of colonial slang , or awkward local allusion, which is, wo suppose, consi dered to be funny. Tho picco w»s capitally played, Mr. K. lounge giving us a vtry good idea of tho plcturesquo costume of tbo hero, and Mr. F. Younge working hard to enforce a laugh from a highly considerate audience, as tho representative of an ox-dlgger from Bondlgo',' The horoinoof the piece is Annita, tho wifo of Qarilnldi, and ni represented, is principally interesting from belni In a delicate state of health, - and - dying earlv, np parently from tbo effects of a cold' caught -by jn^udlcl ously exposing herself without a bonnet to the moun tain breezes. A . capital . farce, by Madison Morton, ontitlod the ' Fitzsmylhes of Fitzsmythe Hall,' was played as the afterpiece,- on - Wednesday evening. Tho dramatic season closes on Saturday night. Mr. Colvillo, tho lessee, of the Svdnev thbatres. has becntnn t-m mnoager of this ; and next Monday, n company of Ethlo pisns; who designate thoinsclvea the San Francisco Minstrels, will appear, BMUireCESS'8 TIttEATrnE. ' Alice Grey,' the heroino of n doinestio drams, to which sho Rives tha name, has le-lnlrodiiccd Mii-s lto»a Duuii to a Melbouruo nudienco. Tli 3 piece is not re markable for anything hut otupldity ; it is ono of n oUea in which tha llritW; lemalo sorvant U pntionlaod to n Urgo extent, and injured innoconco and victorious vil lainy are illustrated afici' tho most npproved fashion. Miss Grey U ancxeinplnry barmaid with nn tiffec:iounte heart, 'nut rather soft head, who is suspected of robbing tho worthy licensed victualler who pays her bee wbrcs, of his Havings, which, by tho woy, must have accrued nt s uno very distant period, as nt tho timo thoutory opons tho 'houso' uppearj as innocent of ouatomcrs as w.is tho Itsd Cow, wilh Dunnls Buljjruddory as liconsco. Tho villain is n hypocritical -s',ler, wlio ttltoinately prays nud prigs, nud there Is a coiulo cocknoy nnd his wife, nii'l aii cldorly profuESorof tlauclnff, with whom tho luttcr indulges iu a little Platonic flirt in;;. Miss Dunn ia so much superior to tlia misurable trash she Ins to dciivor that wj wonder nt her stooping bo low, binl llogcm was complutely lost m tho lu.-wy uncle. Milne's 'makeup' an a kind of Mawicorin w.-is tlio best thinpf in tho jiicco. 'Tho Pilgiiin of Iiovo ' bus bson thu aftorpiece all tin wcok, VitnvsTtciXTSj. AitAitAT. — Itcssra. ICIaer, and their dogs and monkoys, havo lately been performing nt Ararat aud Pleasant Creek, with tolarablo success. llALLAAHAT.— Tho Ilistrionlo Sooioty pcrformod in aid of thcftiuddof the Uenovolont Asylum on Monday and Tuesday, wbou ' Macboth Travestie,' ' Tho Oiitio, and 'The 'Widow'* Vietlm,' were proenteri. - On 1hP whole the onttrt»lnir.eiit« wera very nuccemfiil, and drew good houses. 'A Niiw.YVay to P«y Ol.l Deb's' wai performed on. W'odn«d»y, Air. Wornef- snjU ning tho principal clinrnctir. L»u evoking tho ' PilRrtm o Lore' w»» to liavo boon produced 'MnmlylecfoJeiitol maKiiifiwnce.' Tin bins at- tho Char'io hnrn bct-n ns nttrnctivi. as nsnnl, nvA tha house bus 1-«-en f ilrlr pn tronisid. Tho ii- trs Worrell took their rnudlt ou Monday, and comldericp, iho couutor nltrao ion nt tho Itov»l, had onoxcollcntatlrnlanco ' . ? BK.VD100 -On Saturday evening thcra was a crowded house at tho Royal, to witness tho pcrfomuiice ot tho 'Corsican B others,' and ' My Daughters Dobnt.'1 At. the conclusion of the drama, : Mr. (-'Uiien informed tho nttdienco that Mr. and Mrs. Holt wcra re- onjagod for tho ensuing wook.'- Accordingly on ? Monday they np peired in ' Money.' for their benefit, and wero. assisted. by. Mr. J. R- Greville ns (,raw: At U10 Lyceum on Salurdny, the ' Countess or Merville,' ''. A Day a'ter tho Fair,' and a vaudtvilla by tho Yi iso man family, wero, played to n good . h'011 -a , for tho benefit of?^ir. D.'Murrajv ' On' Monday, ' Nine Points ofthe Law ' was the great attraction, fur tho benefit of Miss WooldrldRe.'tho burden of tho piece being iu the hands of Miss Fiddes nnd Mr. Holloway. ?? ,' . ?:. t Castlbwaijik.— Ur. Bushell Im3' hosn giving' his., electro-biological entertainment at tho Itoyal during the iVsKKLOso.— The Royal has boon doing good bminejs, fur Geelong, during tho woek; and Mecsrs.. Barry and Addamsseom to have established themselves ai favour ites amongst the residents of tho pivot, We r.ro told that next week the company will be strengthened by the addition of Mr.'nnd Mjs.' Murray, .Mr. and. Mrs. Ilollri wny, and- Mrs. aud Miss Wooldrfdgo, and that Mr, Harry will retire. During tho early pars of the week tho North American Clrciis was 'ou hand,' in Gcfllong;. y ;' . ?Ikolbwoob;— Mr. and'MIss' Buchanan nra' drawing crowded houses at the Royal. '.VIrglninj,'.''Piz»rro,' and ' Rob 'Roy, bavo been tlio staiuling dishes of late. arid the itan havo been ably supported by Miss Glyu don and tbo other, members of tho company. [' '' i MJtSCffijr/I-AIVKOSJ». THhATItlCAL ON Dits — It is fail that Mr. Far ?jnbarson Ins brought on 'notion n^ninst Sitinor Binia-hl to recover thb'ninount of n'weok's salary. Mr. Far quhnreon olnims to be considired under otijtugeineiit to perfoim nt tho Koyal until the oaor.1 sens n has ter minated. Miis Ju.lo Mntthcwj, Mr. Kogc.-s, nnd the Kdouin family li«vo bcou ciiff.ijed far tj,e next simsoii at Cieiuorne. .?.;.. \- 'JTMJB drillSATJSlKCAE, 1TOB1D AT ; ? '?? ? ? ' IIOMJJ. ? . ? ? ,-. (From the lfomtJN'ev)3,') One of thoso gorgeous nnd massive spectacular enter tainments ' which seem to belong particularly to the present epoch' of theatrical art, wlicthcr dramatic or operatic, has been/presented at tho itoyal Italian Opera, in the production of Meyerbeer's ' Lq Prophdte,' ro-. %ivcd with a splendour of decoration, picturesqiio truth fulntss of scenic illustration, ond %mvn\ completeness never beforo witnessed, ;wo' may venturolosay, upon the London stage; Tambe'rlik'a John i.,f Dt'i.ata is well known to our public, who havo long justly regarded' it »s one of his very greatest cffjrUj and never did lie play tho very arduous character moro rinoly than on tlio present occasion. Another great performance was Madame Calling's Fidei. This accomplish, tl artiste proved herself a worthy successor to .Mnd.imo Viardot, the Fides pur txct'.lenn of every great lyric theatre iu Europe. Weber's 'Oberon' has born produced at Ilcr Mnjeaty'a Theatre, in an Italian dress, and evidently at no small cost It has been performed four tnnes, and apparently with success; but the regular opera season having closed immediately afterwards, there was no opportunity, wa imagine for the in amiRer to recover tlio expenditure bestowed upon its production. Tho houss his siuco bcou opened for. a series uf cheap per formances. ' A new three-act comedy, 'Does ho love Me?' written by Mr. Edinond Falconer, has been produced at tho liaymarket for the benefit of Miss Amy Sedgwick. Two young ladies, one with .\ fortune, und the other portionless, change places to deceive two gentlemen who are paying attentions to them ; but it turns out that the gentlemen had donu the mmo thing, so that all comrs right in the end by being wrong. The outline of this piece would lead ono to suppose tint it; was remotely derived from ono of thoso comedies of the Marivaux kind, in which marquises nnd valels exchange parts, and are perplexed by- iho couutcrplot.1 of similarlyUnter changed ladies and soubrt'.let. Tho colouring is, how ever, completely modern.— tho dialogue tlnoughout abounding in those cxaltntions of intellect above the merits of birth and wealth, thnt have nlmost become, tho slang of the 19th c.imiry. Thero ns an amusing gen tleman, played by Mr. liuclut one, called Bubble, and . constantly spcakin; of himself in the-lhird person, his jokes are a perpetual series of puns an his own name, enunciating such prop rsltions ns 'Hubble will float,' 'Hubble will not evaporate,1' and the like; while Mn! Comfort, lliu housekeeper, equally rejoices in any sen tence in which tho word 'comfort' Is introduced. This kirid of pleasantry should bo used in moderation. Even if wo say of a gentlsmin actually named Lyou that hois as bravo as a lion, our rcmurk 13 by no means dazzling; but it is brilliant indeed to that of the wit who arbitrarily calls n man ' Lyon ' first, on purpose that he should speak of his lion-like bravi-ry afierwaids. The liaymarket season terminated a futv nights ago on tho occasion of Mr. -Unckatunu's benefit, when a translation of Scribe's 'L1 Ambassadcur,' under the titloof ' His' Excellency ,' by Mr. Chartes Mnthews, was produced. It is a mere trifle, and passed off plea santly. Tho event of tho evening was tho munagcr'u address, which n crowded houso looked forward to with considerable oxeittment. He bccan. hnmorouslv enough,, by informing his audience that, liito tho knife grindor, ho had no story to tell. Refining 10 popular topics, such ns the Volunteers, Garibnldi, and the state of the weather, as affording him no help, he turned to his own Immediate affairs, and. tho constant success of his theatre, proved by the duration of thn previous so» pohover 1«8 nights, nnd 'by. ttio' no lens siaiilficmit fact that the season -just closed occupied flGO ni^lita, during which timo ncveral new (or translated) pieces wero produced. Tlio close, of the address continued a dim programme of tho season to come :— with respect to the fn'uro, ladies and gentlemen, every exertion will bo. mudo tb susUin the high char acter of this theatre. Now comedies and manv other novelties are. in preparation. There will again -bo a' pantomime at Christmas, a fairv tain at Easter— re- cruits will be enlisted to strengthen our corps, and as I am now making nrranjroiucnts extending to this timo next year, thero is overy probability of iho doors of this establishment remaining open for inany'ii niorry month tocomo; -while with the one hundred and thirty thou sand volunteers belonging to thu country, added to tho thousands of volunteers who throughout the year murch in here, at box, pit, and gallery, I think I nuy foci as sured that not only England, but the liaymarket 'Thea- tre, is quite safe. Now, ladles and gentlemen, in thank ing you for tho brilliant assembly of this evening, 1 bid ?you farewell, but only till to-inorrow, nnd beg to say that during- our reciSi of- 20 hours we. shall be dill? gently occupied in sleeping, dining, and rending tho newspapers; wo iboll be qnlto ready to faco our audi ence again at tho 'ringing in' of tho ovorliiro nt seven o'clock to mortow night. '-.-?- An American farce, called ' Tho Fool of tho Familr,' has been produced ut.tiio Adelp'ii, to afford, an ell'sctlve opportunity for tho display of Miss Juli.-i Dalj's talents in a part new to London playgoms. ; In tho rlinrnctcr ot Betty Sander*, a pay, jolly, country girl, with a rich fund ofnatlvo drollery, nnd who passes for n fool onlv because, she attends to domestic duties, while her sister Lucelia spends her life in frivolitv and affects tho airs of a fine lady, Miss Daly'a peculiar powers of fun are ex hibited to great advantage The old melodrama of' The Harvest Homo' has been revived .at this house. A version of , the French -piooo ' Lt Marquise do Carahas!' has boon brought out nt tho Olympic as tho 'Duchess or Nothing.' Tho chief obj ct of thislittlo piece, which has been adapted by Mr. Walter Gordon, is to exhibit Mrs. Stirling in one of those spirited vivacious .characters for which she is so well suited, and never did she look better than as the gay pe»s:mt drensod up into , tho brilliant lady of quality. Tho smaller characters, bv no means strongly marked, are very. well sustained by. Mr. Additon, Mr: Cooko, Mr. Walter Gordon, and Mrs. Stephens. - An amateur performance by Iho Artillery Company, in aid of-tho funds of tho National Rifle AssocIntlon,Jias boon ciren ni 4fiA T.vnimm Tltn iinnir. ,..»..» . *.».„ roughly military aspect, in conicquenoa ol the mojorlty of tho gOBllomon being dreased ; in - uniform r ami tho performance ol the mujic by tho bsnd of tho rogiment rondered tho whole picture in parfect kceplns; - Tho iirogra-mmo of the evening comprised '. Still Waters Run Deep,' ' Charles II,' and the ' Spitalflelds Woavor,' all played by amateur gentlemen, nesUted hy profes sional ladies; and thero was apaaieul by Miss Uoslna Wright, and an address, written by ' Captain Tom Taylor, ef tho Civil Service Rlfla Voluntoore,' and spoken by Miss Kate Terry, intho 'attiro of Brltaunia. A similar performance took place subsequently at tho same house, In aid of the Hand Fund of tho Civil Service Regiment; when a fkt and indifferent comoilv by ' Captain Tom Taylor,' called 'A Lcj'tfn ('or Llfr,' was played. The most striking sctna in the perform nnces on this occasion was the nppearanco of the Volun teers upon tho stage at the ond of tho piny. , A futo in nid of tho funds of the Dramatic Collogo (now rising r,ipldly from its foundations} took plae* at t ho Crystul Palace on tha 21st of July. An additional number of actreisca presided ovor stalls at 11 Fancy Fair, nnd tho English games and pastimes were re«nncd neut Maybury, with an nccessisn of fresh humour from tho metropolitan thoatri*. Tho programmo included many additional fenturos of spcelnl interest ; nnioh«st thorn a concert, at which Madamo Githcrine Haves aud several distinguished musical colebiltics nsiisteil/end nn address, wiitteu for the occasion by Mr, ltobert Itell and delivered by Mr. Webster. Tho mult was in the highest decree successful. Nearly 13,000 perso-is were present, and it U belicvo'l that not less than UO00 wna netted by the Fund of tho Colloge. The Funcy Fair wa3 renewed on tho 23rd, when tho attoudance was again vrry large. The visit of the' Orplu'onists' to London nnd their performances nt tho Crystul Pnlaco bnvofvrmed tho clilef subject of inuaiciil curiosity nnd interest dining tho past month. Tho 'Orphuon ' is a choral society, or inther an aggregate of choral societies, founded about 15 yoar ago/ numbering at present ob.ve 40,000 members, and »prea-i over « large fxtcnt of France, especially tho southern departments. The 3000 persons who came to London for this festival are ft select body of the best shifters or tho various societies, and nro consequently native* of every part of France, and, liko tho members .,f our own provincial choral societies, belong to tho most respectable portion of tho industrial classes. They came to Kiu'land Vnltrely with a viovv to fraternise with their English brethren in tho love of art, nnd at their own Mcnemo. Thev wore exposed, it appears, to great in conveniences nnd hardship oil their first arrival ; but theia Uttaaremenl arose from tho fault of their own countryman, tho- commissioner whom thoy haiVsmt WJ foro, to provido for their accommodation— a duty whicu ho seems to have blundered or neglected. But this wns- but (i slight and passing cloud ; not affecting thy friendly, intercourse which has provailed botween the.peoplo of. London and thcir''for6lgu guests. rTho. performances at tho Crystal Pnlaco took plnco on the Both. 2Gth, and, 2BllrJun«'; and sogroat wri3 tlio success,' lliat .another was givpn on.' Saturday, 80ib June, by way of fiirowoll. They were invited ton performance, Riven to thorn ex clusively, at, Rxttcr Uajl, on tho 29th Juno, by the Sacred Mnrmonic Society, when they must havo acquired some now ideas' as to choral mujle. as if is practised in Kngland; nor did the hospitable reception end hero; the whole pirty being entertained at a dinner In the Crystal Palaconflqr. the closo of their farewell concert. ?' '.' ; Miss Cashman bas pasBed through London on her way to the United States, where it'is her Intention, to make a tour of farewell performances. . s Mr.'Balfo gavo n concert at tho Surrey Gardens a few evenings ngo^whichj'the pricecf ndmistfon being a shil ling, 'attracted an immense concourse of visitors. Tho music was chiefly vocal, and consisted almost entirely of his own compositions, which were exceedingly woll per formed hjMJiuiuborof our best singers. ' 