TEMPERANCE. (From J)r. Guthrie's Appendix to ' The Oily, its Sine, and Sorrows.') PLEA FOB BETTER LODGINGS AND SANITARY MEASUBES. The urgent necessity of these in Edinburgh is power fully brought out in a letter addressed to the Lord Provost and 'Magistrates, by Henry Johnson, Esq., H.E.I. C.S., and in a pamphlet which that gentleman has published on the state of of our closes and by streets, He exposes to those who never turn a foot in the way of tfieso abodes of foul wretchedness and misery a Btate of matters ruinous to the public health, pernicious to public morals, and a disgrace to our capital atid its inhabitants. Dr. George Bell published some yean ago an account of the houses and inhabitants of BlacklriarB' Wynd, which presents a most doleful view of the sin, misery, wretchedness, and foulness of some parts of our city. But the necessity of sanitary measures could not be better brought out than by the following extracts from a repott given last summer by Dr. Letheby, to the f!flinmifiBinni-rft fif Rawdn fnw T.nhHnn ' I have also been at much pains during the last three nionths to ascertain the precise conditions of the dwellings, the habits, and the diseases of the poor. In this way 2208 rooms have been most circumstantially inspected, and the general result is, thst nearly all of them are filthy or over- crowded, or imperfectly drained, or badly ventilated, or out of repair. In 1989 of these rooms, all, in fact, tliat are at present inhabited, there are 6791 inmates, belonging to 1676 families ; and to say nothing of the too frequent oc curence of what may be regarded as a necessitous over-crowding, where the husband, the wife, and young family of four or five children arc cramped into a miserably email and ill-conditioned room, there are numerous instances where adults of both sexes, belonging to different families, are lodged in the same room, regardless of all the common decencies of life, and where from three to five adults, men and women, besides a train or two of children, are accustomed to herd together like brute beasts or savages ; and where every hutnun instinct of propriety and decency are smothered. Like my predecessor, I have seen grown persons of both sexes sleeping in common with their parents, brothers, and sisters, and cousins, and even the casual acquaintance of a day's tramp, oc cupying the same bed of filthy rags or straw ; n woman suffering in travail, in the midst of males and females of different families tint tenant the same room ; where birth, and death go hand in hand ; where the child but newly bom, the patient cast down with fever, and the corpse waiting for inter ment, have no separation from each other, or from the rest of the inmates. Of the many cases to which I have alluded, there are some that have commanded my attention by reason of th-ir unusual depravity— caaes in whith from three to four adults of both sexes, with many children, were lodging in the same room, and often sleeping in the same bed. I have note of three or four localities where 48 men, 73 women, and 69 children are living in 34 rooms. In one room there are 2 men, 3 women, and 6 children ; and in another 1 man, 4 women, and 2 children ; and when, about a fortnight since, I visited the back room on the ground floor of No. 5, I found it occupied by 1 man, 2 women, and 2 children ; and in it was the dead body of a poor girl, who had died in childbirth a few days before. The body was stretched out on the bare door without shroud or coffin. There it lay in the midst of the Uving, and we may well ask how it can be otherwise than that the human heart should be deadened to aU the gentler feelings of our nature, when such sights as these aTe of common occurrence. ' do close and unwholesome is the atmosphere of some of the rooms, that I have endeavoured to ascer tain, by chemical means, whether it does not contain some peculiar product of decomposition, that gives to it its foul odour and its rare powers of engendering disease. I find that it is not only deficient in the due proportion of oxygen, but it contains three times the usual amount of of carbonic acid, besides a quantity of aqueous vapour charged with alkaline matter that stinks abominably. This is, doubtleeB, the product of' putrefaction and of the various fetid and stagnant ex halations that pollute the air of the place. Ia many of my former reports, and in those of my predecessor your attention has been drawn to this pestilential source of disease, and to the consequence of heaping human beings into such contracted localities ; and I again revert to it because of its great importance, not merely that it perpetuates fever and the allied disorders hut because there stalks side by side with this pesti lence a yet deadlier presence, blighting the moral existence ofa rising population, rendering the ir hearts hopeless, their acts ruffianly snd incestuous, and scattering, while society averts her eye, the retribu tive seeds of increase for crime, turbulence, and pauperism. All who are familiar with the homes of the poorer and the haunts of tha wicked and lapsed claeses will be reminded by this report of scenes which they themselves have witnessed in our large cities. Before the Statistical Society at Liverpool, in Sep tember, 1837, Mr. Langton read a paper on tbe in habited courts and cellars in Liverpool. The courts were 2271, and the cellars 7493 ; dark, damp, confined and tenanted by nearly 30,000souls. In 1838 Mr. James Heywood read a paper before the Statistical Society of London, giving an account of a house-to-house visitation, of 176 families in Manchester. 165 bouses contained many cellars, and there were 1 1 separate cellars. In 1847 a committee of the Statistical Society of London inspected the dwellings, room by room, and condition of the inhabitants, of Church. Lane, St. Giles, London. Tite papulation examined was 463, the number of families 100, and the number of bedsteads among them 90. There was an average therefore, of above 5 persons to 1 bed ; and many rooms were inhabited by as many as 22 souls. They report that ' in these wretched dwellings all ages and both sexes fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, grown-up brother and sisters, stranger adult males and females, and swarms of children, the sick, the dying, and the dead, are herded together with a proximity and mutual pressure which brutes would resist; where it is physically impossible to preserve the ordinary decencies of life ; where all sense of propriety and self respect must be lost, to be replaced only by a reckless ness of demeanour which necessarily results from vitiated minds; and yet with many of the young, brought up ill 6uch hot-beds of mental pestilence, the hopeless, hut benevolent attempt is making to implant, by means of general educatim, the seeds of religion, virtue, truth, order, industiy, and cleanliness ; but whioh seeds, to fructify advantsgeously, need, it is to j be feared, a soil far less rauk than can be found in these wreched abodes. Tender minds, once vitiated, present almost insuperable difficulties to reformation ; bad habits and depraved feelings gather with the growth, and strengthen with the strength.' In what large town iu the kingdom are not many of the poorer classes of tho people living in circumstances which outrage all decency, destroy every moral feeling, end, of necesity, lead to debasement, dissipation, and crime? ? Tut Muodeb at MuaaouBuHaAU, — On tbe IGth iostanr, et the Ysbb Petty Sessions, James Morrissy was brought uo, on remand, on a charge of having murdered a man named Paterton, st Nurrumburrsh, iu l&SS;, awl was further remanded until next Thursday, tbe ucoeassry instructions from IheAuorniy-Gcncrat'e office not having at rived. Majoe's CaesK. — On Monday evening lost a numerously sttcmlct pnbllo meeting was held at Mr. Egan'e helc), Mr. J. O'Coi nor in the chair, to devise the proper means to obtain pro tection against the continued and In quent petty depredations of the Chinese, which or lute bare b'CoSso so particularly auui.ying. It was prepoted, seconded, and unanimously carried, that a me morial be addrersed to the Bench of raugleiralos in Hr aid wood, prajlng for further police protociion, as also a more secure lock up; which memorial was forwarded to the Court on Thursday for presentation — braiauood Dispatch. Bodbket at the OatBHTAi. Bank. —On the evecingof the 16th instant, during the abscnoe of tbe manager and h.e assistants at tea, some tbrefor thieves effected an entrance by tbe backdoor into the Oriental Bank office, but all tbat waB valuable had beeo securely provided for before the establishment had bten vacated : tite deprtdators acouriog ua their booty only a revolver.— Adtlong Mfining Journal. Eh Routk roa the Snowy.— On Wednesday, a party fo men from beyond Hartley passed through the town on their way to the Snowy, lit sides paolr-horsoa, they were provided with two donkeys well ladtn with necessaries. Toe latter animals ap E eared to bear the journey well, aud rosy fare better on the ooarse crbsge of Kfaudra tbau horses.— Toss Charier. Accjdkut to run Cltvu Coach — On Wednesday evening, an accident occurred to one of the Clyde coachee which might have boen attended with very dlrastrooe results. It appears that the coach left Nelligen on the morning of thst day with a full com plement of passengers and a quantity or luggage. On coming along thoend of the new road whioh turns into Monklttee.etrtet, the wheel came in oontaot with a stomp* throwing the coachman from hie seat upon tbe ground, the wheels passing over bis chest. The liorsee broke away with the pole and burs, but were promptly secured by come parties who came to the rescue. The driver, Edwin James— to whom no blame oan be attached, as the night was vary dark-waa conveyed home, and Dr. Beer waa sent for. James was much bruised, but providentially no boneawerc broken. None of the paeaengers received any injury.— Dispatch, ef Saturday. AttOYLX AoBICULTUaAt. AMD IJJoitnCULTWetL Boctktv, — The forthcoming ploughing match of this ooolety Is to take plaoe oa the 29lh Instant, on land ef Mr. Webster's st Gsrrnorlgaeg. Thcrs ere to be three matohee, end ao the prizes arc lolrrah y liberal, it la etpeoted tbat there will be no lack of competitors. The committed aro at prcaott In oorreapc '- i.o- w|-h tt.e Go YCinmetti respecting a grant of land for 1 - : il.c 'X'. :b, 'mo- ot the eoolPty. At flirt tirey worn ebiti ', w il r..e aerie, nnd then b'.t ; but (he (omn.ittoeiuvi! - r , .? ?; ? i,.;,. iv. 'his : , loo C'j I, OUST ll'll IV. fl'. ' »'\ 'I i (( C s— M' s Me. Albert Smith,— It is with deep regret tliAt we announce the death of Mr. Albeit Smith. Tbk popular author appeared as usual in his entertainment at the Egyptian-hall on the afternoon of Saturday, May 19th, and afterwards dined with a party of his . intimate friends st the Garrick Club, of which he ww a member. For several days he had been affected by slight cold, but it did not appear at all serious, and he returned home to all appearance in Ms usual health - end Bpirits. On Sunday bronchitis became more obvioua, and on Monday it was bo much worse that his wife secretly gave instructions to issue bills putting off his lecture for that evening. WhentMs was made known to him be expressed himself much dissatisfied, thinking himself quite equal to his usual labours ; but on the next day it was found necessary to call in additional medical assistance, and the. attack, now becoming more and more serious, terminated faulty on the following morning. His death took place early on tbe morning of May 23rd, at Ms residence, North End Lodge, Fulham. It wUlbein the recollection of our readers that a few months since the deceased had a seizure which excited grave apprehensions for Mm at the time, but his speedy re appearance encouraged a hope that his health had not been nermnnontlv tflfoptorl nnH tV»e s-ah*p nfhii ultimate death would appear to have had no con nection with that attack. The deceased was born on May 24th, 1816, at Chertsey, end was educated at Merchant Taylors' School. He became a member of the College of Surgeons, in 1838, after wMch he repaired to Paris and attended the hospital ofthe Hotel Dieu. In September of that year he visited Chamouni. He then returned to England, and commenced practice with his father at Chertsey. His literary tastes wfrc early developed. These he first gratified by some contributions to tbe Meaical Times, in which appeared ' Jasper Buddie ; or, Confessions -- of a Dissecting- room Porter.' Not being satisfied - with his position as a surgeon, he prepared views of the scenery of the Alps, together with a descriptive lecture, with which he visited most uf the small towns in the vicinity of the metropolis during 1839 aud 1840. In 1841 he settled in London and commenced writing for the magazines, in which appeared, among a variety of miscellaneous articles, several of his novels, 'The Adventures of Mr. Ledbury,' 'The Scattergood Family,' 'The Marchioness of Brinviliers,' 'Christ- opher Tadpole,' and 'The Pottleton Legacy,' all of which were published subsequently as separate works, and were decidedly successful. During 1847-49 lie wrote a series of sketches, comprising ' The Natural Histories of Stuck-up People,' 'The Ballet Girl,' 'The Gent,' 'The Flirt,' 'The Idler upon Town,' and 'Evening Parties.' In 1849 he visited the East, and on his return published ' A Montn at Constantinople,' in which the exaggerated notions respecting its romance and its beauty were cleverly ridiculed ; and in 1850 he produced an entertainment called ' The Overland Mail,' wherein he was the only performer, end, with the aid of scenery, he graphically described that route. He also wrote in this year two or three operatic burlesques, In the Autumn of 1861 he revisited the scene of Ms early predilection, and succeeded with much difficulty in gaining the summit of Mont Blanc, a feat wMcn afterwards became one ef every-day occurrence. On the 15th of March, 1852, he produced at the Egyptian Hall his entertainment of 'The Ascent of Mont Blanc,' wherein his rapid but distinct utterance, his humour, the well-selected and well-painted scenery, and his careful attention to the comfort of his auditors, enabled him to achieve an unprecedented success. This entertainment continued a standard favourite for several years, when Mr. Smith determined on introducing the British public to as entirely new field of observation. In the Autumn of 1853, therefore, he went to China, and after remaining there a sufficient time to make himseh acquainted with the manners, customs, and national peculiarities of the inhabitants of the Flowery Land, he returned to London, and commenced a series of pictorial and descriptive Chinese entertainments, always delighting his overflowing audiences. About a year ago the deceased married the eldest daughter of Mr. Robert Keeley, the celebrated comedian. His loss will be deeply felt, not only by his immediate friends but also by the public gencially. His pictorial entertainments are believed to have 'enabled him to realise a con siderable fortune. — Borne Newt, May 2Gth. Street Railways and Tramways. — It would he admitted by those who have heard ^anything of the street-railways and tramways of New York and Philadelphia, or who have seen the use which has been made both bv railway carriages and the omni buses, ofthe rails along the line of Liverpool Docks, that rails or iron-tramways for vehicles drawn by horses, may be laid in streets with great advantage to the traffic of the ordinary kind. An apptehensiou has prevailed in London that they are inapplicable unless with widened streets ; and the objection seems to have led to the failure of the attempt made by a company to introduce a line on the New Road. The Marvlcbone people opposed ; aud their member, then Sir Benjamin Hall, procured the rejection in Par liament of what, with proper restrictions, might have become an impoitant measure of improve ment. It follows, however, from the success of the regulation of the traffic over London Bridge, that similar regulation which would be effected by the provision of rails, would be beneficial rather than otherwise in the narrowest streets, pro vided the rails were not raised above the 6treet level so as to interfere with traffic across them, and bene ficial as may now be observed on the Westminster Hridge. In New York, narrow streets, as well as the wider streets, ate made the route of the railway, though in some cases where the width does not suffice for two Iinea, one street serves for the line one way, and the next street for the return line. In narrow streets, some urovision of the kind is most useful to prevent noise and vibration, as well as splashing; and we may just direct attention to the fact that, whilst such lines make less dirt, and some are more readily kept clean than ordinary pavement, dust, with other finely divided matter from the streets filling the air, and respired by every one in towns, is a great source of disease. — Bt-ilcler. The following (says the Opinto'ie Rationale) is the principal passage of a letter addressed by Garibaldi to theofficcisof the English squadron off Palermo:— ' The enemies of the national independence abound in calumny towards your great nation. They impute to you the odious design of speculating upon our heroic enterprise : they accuse you of meaning to take pos session of ibis field of glory, fertilized by the sweat of so rnanv patriots— the blood of so many martyrs. If litis fatal prediction should ever be accomplished— if Sicily, now altogether Italian at heart, should he destined mcrelv to exchange the despotism of the Buurbons against an interested protectorate— England would cease to be what she now is— the sister of Italy, thst classic land of liberty.' The Dipchaiioed Indian Soldiers in the Liver pool Workhouse.— I think I could have recognised in tl.e di-malest skeleton there, the ghost of a soldier. Something of the old air was still latent in the palest shadow of life that I talked to. One emaciated crea ture, in the strictest literality worn to the bone, lay stretched on his hack, look ng so like death that I a«ked one of the doctors if he were not dying or dead ? A few kind words from the doctor, in his ear, and he opened his eyes, and smiled - looked in a momen', as if he would have made a salute if he could. ' We shall pull him through, please God,' said the doctor. ' Please God surr, and thankye,' said the patient. ' You are much better to-day ; are you not said the doctor ' I'kaec God, surr ; 'tis the slape I want, surr; 'lis my breatliiu' makes the nights so long.' ' He iR a careful fellow this, you must knew,' said the doctor, cheeifully ; ' it was raining haid when thev put him in the open cart to bring him here, and he 'had the presence of mind to ask to have a sove rei'n taken out of his pocket that he had there, and a cab engaged. Probably it saved his life.' The patient rattled out the skeleton of a laugh, and said, proud of the story, Deed, surr, an open cairt was a comical means o' bringin' a dyin' man here, and a clever way to kill him.' You might have sworn to Mm for a soldier when he said it. One thing had perplexed me very much in going from bed to bed. A very significant snd cruel thing. I could find no young man, but one. He had attracted my notice, bv having got up and dressed himself in his soldiers jacket and troustrs, with the intention of sitting by the fire ; but he had found himself too weak, aud had crept back to his bed and laid himself down on the outside of it. I could have pronounced him, alone, to bo a young man aged by famine and sickness. As we were standing by the Irish soldie- *s bed, I men tioned my perplexity to the doctor. He took a board with an in6ct iption on it from the head of the Irish man's bed, and asked me what sgc I supposed the man to be ? I had observed him with attention wMle talking to him, and answered, confidently, _ ' Fifty.' The doctor, with a pitying,glance at the patient, who had dropped into a Btupor again, put the board back, and said, ' Twenty- four.'— Dickens AU the Tear * A quaint old gentleman, in speaking of the different allotments of men, by which some become useful citize ns, and others worthless vagrantB, by way of illutcriition, remarks: ' So one slab of marblo becamss ' .1 tiseiul doorstep, while another becomes a lying ti.inh ..tone.' . ...... llesnbitiotiR ti'.kcH without thought, bring disasters wi. Mutt remedy. 