OPENING OF THE NEW CHURCH, QUEANBEYAN. ON Sunday morning last, at 11 o'clock, the new Anglican Church, called Christchurch, was solemnly opened for Divine Service. The Rev. A. D. Soares, the Incumbent, offi- ciating, in the absence of clergymen from Goulburn or Yass, whose services had been expected for the occasion. The interest mani- fested by the friends and members of the church was, judging from the very numerous attendance and becoming de- [unreadable]ment of the worshippers, more than com- ing in ; and must have afforded much pleasure to the minister and lay officers upon which has devolved the onerous task of building such an edifice. The text from which this morning discourse was preached, was ta- ken from Zechariah iv. 6: 'Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the lord almighty. After sundry introductory remarks, the preacher proceeded to speak of the sacred house in which they were then assembled, [unreadable] proper feelings which should actuate [unreadable] and hearers on the occasion. The [unreadable], he said, should not be taken to them selves, but both glory and praise should be givem to Him to whom they were so justly due. [unreadable]e," he continued, "who undertook to [unreadable] this temple to the Lord, were compara- tively few in number, and with few resources of our own. We undertook a great work in conscious weakness. We had many and great difficulties to overcome. Yes, moun- tains of difficulties, and innumerable obstruc- tions had we to encounter: but we have seen them removed one after another,—we have be- held them gradually dwindle into insignifi- cance, and disappear before us ; the great mountain has become a plain. Even enemies (who happily now no longer exist) were not wanting to hinder the good cause we had in hand, even as the Jews had enemies who en- deavoured to hinder them in their good work. We had our day of small things which many despised, and we ourselves hardly dared to contemplate the magnitude of the work we were engaged in, and found it difficult to as- sure the faint-hearted amongst us, that we should yet bring forth the headstone with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it. In these points we have found ourselves similarly circumstanced to the Jews when building their temple, after it had been destroyed; and we, like them, have succeeded in the work under- taken with doubts and fears, and much dis- trust on the part of many; we have brought this building so near to a completion, that we can in a suitable manner dedicate it to God, by the offering of praise, thanksgiving and a holy worship, and by observing in it the ordi- nances of His appointment with decency and order. And now, I would ask, whence have we obtained this success ? To whose power are we indebted? By whose might have been en- abled to carry out our designs? Oh ! brethren, let us not sacrifice to our own gifts, nor burn incense to our own exertions; but bless GOD, who has given us wherewith to build, and prospered this work of our hands upon us. Well does it become us this day to enter into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise, to be thankful unto Him, and speak good of His name." After having fully considered the bearing of the text on the erection of the material tem- ple, he proceeded to consider it from a higher point of view, and to draw from it a lesson of greater importance, though of a like natiure, observing, that the style and language of the prophet were such, that the reference to the spiritual building was plain. They evidently pointed to the final establishment of Christ's church,—the spiritual edifice; not made with hands, but reared by the power of the Holy Ghost. The structure they had built could [unreadable]n as far as it might serve for the purpose preparing stones for the true [unreadable], hence if there should go forth lively [unreadable] of Christ, who would help to build [unreadable] upon earth, they would have [unreadable] grounds for rejoicing. He attributed [unreadable] and languor of the visible [unreadable]act, that the words of their text [unreadable]rally overlooked. The early [unreadable] the gospel preached with power [unreadable] and the people who heard de- [unreadable] upon the same power; therefore the [unreadable] that followed. The revivals of the [unreadable] day were the work of the Spirit. The building up of the church had ever been his work and every member belonging to it [unreadable] acknowledge. By the grace of God I am what I am. The preacher pro- ceeded : " What an alteration should we shortly observe in the manner of our atten- dance upon God; did every member who came before Him with his lips; bear them in mind, and seek earnestly that the rich unction of the Holy One might be poured forth upon him. Who would condemn the beautiful liturgy of our church as formal, did every one who joined in it lift up his heart with his voice in the responses? It is indeed pitiable the indolent and iinattentive way in which many join in our services, bespeaking most plainly the ab- sence of the Spirit, and the little desire there is for His gracious influence. How different might it be !" After pointing out what would be the pro- bable results to the congregation, if every one present were to worship the Most High in spirit and in truth, he exhorted his hear- ers to seek the agency of the Holy Spirit as well when out of the church as whilst within its walls,—to live in the Spirit, otherwise in vain might they hope to overcome the tempta- tions of the world, the flesh, and the devil; and concluded: "Finally, my brethren, let us all learn to seek this blessing more earnestly for the church at large; let us show our mem- bership by a more cordial sympathy with the members of Christ's body generally; let us pray that the time may soon come, when we shall no more need to teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, say- ing, Know the Lord, but when all shall know Him from the least to the greatest. Oh! for the outpouring of the Spirit, in that day when the knowledge of the Lord shall cover the earth, as the waters cover the sea! when we shall all be filled with the Spirit, and in com- munion with the Father and the Son shall inherit eternal blessedness.. * * Let us pray God marvellously to carry on his work of grace, purifying our hearts by faith, and revealing himself to a perishing world, as able and willing to save to the uttermost all who come unto Him. Let us pray Him for the outpouring of His Spirit in pentecostal show- ers, that the wilderness and solitary place may be glad, and the desert blossom as the rose. * * And while we are thus praying for ourselves and others, let us earnestly strive in our own persons to exhibit all the fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, tem- perance. * * Then will heaven hereafter resound with hallelujahs, and vieing with each other in declaring, that not by might, nor by power, but by the Spirit of the Lord of Hosts, in one prolonged acclamation we shall ascribe glory to God and to the Lamb, who saved us by his grace." The sermon was listened to with devout at- tention; and we trust that the impressions made by it will be productive of real good. For our own part we never remember to have listened to a more appropriate and effective discourse. There was undoubtedly the very unction attending it which the preacher was exhorting his hearers to seek, and which he insisted was so necessary to the spiritual growth of the church. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. P. G. Smith, of Canberra, who preached a very suitable sermon from 2 Corinthians vi. 16 : For ye are the temple of the living God. The congregation; perhaps owing to the dark- ness of the night, was not nearly so large as in the morning, but was, nevertheless, equal to the expectations of many. The collections for the day amounted to £21 15s. 7d., of which the sum of £15 19s. 10d. was collected in the morning. With respect to the edifice itself, whilst it is an ornament to the town, it is a credit to the denomination to which it belongs, still more so to those whose individual exertions have brought it so near a state of completion. It is neat and beautiful without unnecessary enmbellishment, and yet nothing is wanting to render it in every way suitable for all the pur- poses of Christian worship." One thing in particular attracted our notice; we refer to the text, Believe oin the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved,—beautifully execu- ted in old English characters, and traced in relief around the chancel arch. We admire the taste which selected such a passage—there being, in our opinion, not another throughout the inspired volume so well adapted for the purpose, or so calculated to inspire, the wor- shipper with confidence towards. God. There is ample accommodation for a large congregation, the following being the dimensions of the building :—nave, length 37ft, breadth 22ft; transept, length 46ft, breadth 22ft; chancel, length 16ft, breadth 14ft.; height of walls 14ft.; height of gables, 31ft. When in its finished state it will be lighted with stained glass windows, and adorned with a spire whose height will be 75ft. from the ground. On the north side of the building is a vestry, and the entrances to the body of the church are by a door on either side of the, transept, and another at the tower end. The internal fittings are excellent, having a pulpit, reading-desk, baptismal font, commu- nion table, &c.;, in perfect. keeping with the building; and the sitting accommodations have certainly been made with a view to the ease and comfort of the occupants. As regards the financial state of the church, the cost, as far as now contracted for, is as follows:—For the building, independent of internal fittings, £1810. new internal fittings, £80, much of the furniture of the old church being used in the present ;—making a total of £1890. Of this amount about £1460 has been actually paid leaving a balance requiring immediate payment of £430. What further sum will be required for the erection of the spire and the other additions which are requi- site to the thorough finishing of the church we have not ascertained; but we think that when the time shall arrive for these improve- ments, the friends of the episcopalian church will not be slow in coming forward to so good a work. In the meantime it must be appa- rent to all, that the most active exertions are necessary to. liquidate the already specified amount of £430, and we would urgently call; upon those who have not yet paid up, their subscriptions promptly to do. so, seeing as they must, that the amount has to be paid for work already done. We congratulate the Rev. Mr. Soares, whose labours for the production of this cre- ditable structure have been untiring, on the complete success which has so far attended his exertions; and sincerely do we hope, that the numerpus congregation we witnessed on Sabbath morning last will not become the less when in succeding Sabbaths the novelty of meeting in the new sanctuary shall have pas- sed away, but continue to evince an apprecia- tion of their present privileges, by a constant and devout attendance on the ordinances of the house of God. THE court-martial on Lavelle, about which the public are pretty well tired, has now closed. The prisoner in defence asserts that by the rules of the service, he having served 12 years on the 19th November, 1859, he is on application entitled to his discharge, if in time of peace. Assuming that he was so en titled, he not only says he has been detained illegally in the service, but absnrdly claims at the rate of £700 a-year for compensation for his services. On Monday, Lavelle was found guilty—sentence deferred.—From our City Cor- respondent. REHEARSING FOR A DUEL.—On the occa sion in question Mr. Shee's friendly and skil ful professor "put him up," as the phrase went, by way of rehearsal, and instructed him to stand, edgeways, with his right: side to wards his antagoniset, guardlng his head. with his pistol held perpendicularly closed to his face, and protecting his right side with the left hand, brought round and placed on the right hip, closed to the elbow of the pistol arm. This edifying private drill was accompanied by the consolatory assurance, that if these in structions were strictly adhered to, there would not be more than six inches square of the surface exposed to the hostile bullet, in which a mortal wound could be inflicted.-Thle Life of Sir .8lMrtin Archer Shee.-By his Son. 