THEATRICALS. PJIINCB OP (VALES. Os Monday oroning Giacornmotti's irrcnt playof " EHia-... belli Queon of Kngland," was produced. The eastern-, hroccil tho fall strength of the company-Mías Muy,. Provost appenring ns Kliznhcth,'Mr Joseph IUyner as.: J arnot VI of Scotland, Mr Fitigorald Karl of E«-CÏ, Mr . Borford Sir Piantis ßrako, Mr Stnphcnj Sir Francis Bacon. In the play of Elizabeth thoio is really only ono Ki cat port-that of " tho fuir vestal of the west"-to em- body end represent which, requires not alone high Intel- ; .lett on tho part of thc nrtie'o who essayait, but also his- trionic tslontof thu first cr.ler. To say that MlsaPiovost played well, would be hut taint praise, nnd by no means adi'qnato to hor merits, lu h-r impersonation of Ina '? "Virgin Qaeon" wcro soon to advantage talents which justify thsir possessor in claiming a placo Binung tho ' greatoat nctrcRt.es of tho ago. We havo seen Mitt Provost in nil her most prominent characters, and wa have been delighted and surprised. Bnt Elizt botb is the must splendid, as it is the most perfect,'of ? all her imporsonstionn-compared with which her " Mi doa" is tumo acd inanimate, and hov '. Camille" merely sn ordinary effort of acting. 1 he play oí bliz ibeth is redo-' lent of interest to tho lover ol' history, and to tho nd mircr nf thu touching end romar.tlo j but it molt hconmo a general favourite on acc.'uiit of the onrabor of soul-stirring incidents which »re crowded together in n play of fivo acts An for tho author, wo know nut whether to praise him molt ns biston n or dra- matist. As thu historian ho is faithful ead graphic t as the dramatist ho possesses many excolloncíaei lils situa- tions nto after tho best standards. Ho han iii the piny ol , Kliztiboth admirably c idenscd all the marked oront» of that august monarch's reign, so that each act f-jrros an era, and, as tho ace drop avery time descends, na incident elations to Briti'h arms is vividly brought to mind, tja admirably aro eminent clinrneters of tho porlod no.attrayod, thht, whilo looking at - tho notion, of tho play, wo . forgot 'tis bat theatrical representation, and for a briof space live ia « ' bygone age. We seo, in our mind's oyo, men and women wbo have for aenturic* been quietly slumbering in . their graves, ngain put on " tho mortal coll." V/osco them as they were ta the hey-day of. youth, in theirprltne, in tho "rear and yellow leaf¡" wo pily their misfortunes! , witness, with intenso oxcitement, their straggle.' tor tho '.bobble reputation," and roj deo ct their triumph!, who ther of tho sword or tho pen-, woman's loro and man's per« fidy; a aoverolgn. strong in all affairs but tbosoof tho heart ; "tho shepherd's crook beside the seoptroi" tho statesman's craft; tho courtier's ingratitude) ibo death of love; tbe birth of hate; n man's presumption and a queen's remorse. Suoh aro the characteristics of the plot) such the troubles nnd triumphs which absorb the interest nud dum tho attention tn tho play of Elizabeth. Tho piny «vu» announced for rep'olftlon on Tbnrsda, evonlng. but wj rogretto state tbit, ia consequence- of cb peremptory injunctions of her physician, Mids Provost wa nimblo to appear, and tho play of Wnltaoo was substituted Wo aro p;rlo»ed to odd that MÍSB Provost continaos ver; seriously indisposed. Wo need but briefly notice the play of Hamlet, as ron tiered on Wednesday evening. . Mr Rayner's conenptiot of tho character af the, Danish .Prince, wm exceedingly correct and effective, but he wes left almost per se, bains miserably supported by tho 'Subordinate diameters, willi tho exception only of Stephens (Polomas), Hurford (faer- ies), Ophelia (Miss Kinma St Clair), and thc Quoon (Uri Crosby). Tho Ophelia of Miss St Clair was nu oxtremoly christo nnd grnctful impersonation, and whilo we expe- rience much plo.viuro in congratulating Ihii young laity on no fiuecoísfal a debut upon tho Sydney boards, wo trust op- portunity will be afforded us-of improving tho ncqnaint nnce. Mrs Crosby drcssod the Qacon in wretchedly bad tssto, looking more Jika n bilious old washerwoman suf- fering from tia doloroux than anything ehe. lier royal spouse (Mr Husker) iricsi.Uibly impressed us with tho idea of one of Iiiyard's (nat Alhomarla's) Egyptian mummle», exhumed, re painted, and burnished np for 'ho occasion. Ho was certainly AS mouldy looking and stiff as eny Indi- vidual might bo expected to bo nftor a siesta of 3000 years. Wo most, however, in fiirno's. givo him credit for being letter perfect in his- part. Wo had nearly forgotten tho "poor Ghost," which was certainly about tho poorest wo ever did ceo. Its intonation resembled moro that of an individual of stentorian longs calling for " brandy hot," lliKti that of a poor devil on furlough from the regions balow. .. . . Last night tho tragedy of Othollo was produced, and very creditably represented, tho characters Icing judi- ciously ca«t. To-nleht's hill of faro'ii more than ordina- rily attractive. On Tucsd ty omening next, wo havo heard that Mr W. H. Stephens purposes taking ii benefit ¡ but. through some' Inadvertence.' oar friand has forgotten to send us the nsunl official intimation of the interesting fact. 