CHALMERS' CHURCH SOCIAL MEET ING. A social meeting of the members and friends of Dr Cairna' congregation was hold yesterday eveniag at half past six o'clock, at Chalmers' Church, Eastern Hill, Melbourne, l)r Cairs3 pivsidlng. The church was peifaotly crowded in every part, but owing to an 'excellent arrangement, by which each of tho di visional pews formed a numbered tea tible provided with its own service, little orna confusion was per captible. Th; extremities of cach pew were adorned with very fine bouquets, contributed by tho various members of the congregation; and after tho 102nd Psalm had been sung, and a blessing had been pro nounced by Dr Cairns, the oo'npany were allowed three quarters of an hior to partika o( a libera! tea -provided for the occasion, i'ha uorvices having been removed, Dr Cairhs delivered the following address : — He begged le:.ve, as the minister of tho congregation, to congratulate them neon being there, and ho trusted -.hat they were enjiyiug in some meisuro a pure and unmixed pleasure, enhanced by seeing tlvir neighbor;; partaking of it One great olj-ct of these meotingB was 'to draw out the ei.iial feelings, and ho could not look ufiou lh2 largo num ber there assembled without feelin;; that hi this iuatance. at least that object had been tffiCted. lla need not remind them that tbe family was film true type of the Christina Church- Abraham and his eecd weic a type of the household of God. He there fore expressed again, a hope thvt all was well nitli them, aud trusted that the blem-ing of tho God' of ts'A'l would rest upon t'hfl^i aiiil their families. Without carrying out the -'»rij»inal' ilka of tho Church with respect to family division, they would r»j idly sink into their original heathenism.. As a uiii.is^ijr he looked upon thein with great anxiety, knowing that tne gospel prenchcd in the name of Carisc was ihe means of their eternal Ealvation or J destrujtiou. He had, hoivcvor, bseu solaced daring his n.inistry by many evidences of its success, and ho could nnure them that if their faith were larger, their spiritual development would also be much prater. They h»d heard ot the great e (!.;-? Is pro duced by the outpourings of tbe Holy Ghost in some places, and they had earnestly prayed for a like manifestation of the power of the Spirit there. Ho f-lt, however, sometimes- a doubt whether he should be competent to meet the requirements of such a state of things, and almost trembled at the idea of such a fignal mark of God's favor being vouchsafed 1 to him. At the same time, he felt inclined to think that in a professed Christian congregation, as much good could be effrcted by a silent worker, as by any | tumultuous exertions. Speaking of friendship, he remarked that all know the delight of having a friend j to whom they could unbosom themselves aud their ! secrets with entire confidence, but he did not believe that such a friend would be found out of the pale of the Christian church, or tho bosom of the Saviour. ! Christians were constrained to love one another, be- i cause they jointly lov-d the Lord. Those who loved e-ich other, had entire confidence in each other, and felt the spirit of that charity thst envieth not, , thinketh no evil, and bcaretliall things in Chiist, was only to be found in llis chu ch, aud were only to bj 1 brought to such r- slate of miud thro gh the medium J of Vital Christianity. In no part uf the world was Christianity more needed than in this country. Men were in a state of terror and apprehension everyday, ! and the stalo of soai&ty; that ex'sted here waa most unfavorable to tho welfare of both mind and soul. For this there was no help but by faith in Jesus, . looking to him, casting every care upon h'.m, and en tirely relying upon him for that protection without . which none could spiritually exist. There were two I dangers especially to be guarded against iu the colony — the love of riches, aud the lovej of plea- j sure. Everything around them bore out the vanity ! of passing riches, and tho scriptural opinion as to J their being t)ie root of all evil. With respect to the i love of pleasure, everyone seemed to bo entirety led away by it. Such a state of thingB was incompatible with all Berioua thought, and could only be indulged in at the expense of everything that appertained to the service of God. Looking at the stale of things as they then existed, he sometimes trembled for the result of tbe great contest that was taking plaoe between the powers of good and the agents of bin : but it was only for the present that lie feared.; lie felt confident, that the church of Christ would eventually be established throughout the lengvh and breioth of Australasia. Before that desirable day arrived, however, be dreaded that many a sad scene would take place, and many a dreary day be passed. Parliament be ' considered worthy of some notice, and he regrrtted i that th^t body had not had the decenoy to argue | about the proposal for opening their proceedings with j ? prayer, but that they had at ouce kicked it out of I doors. While mentioning this fact, he did not believe i thai the members ot that Assembly were worse than their neighbors ; he thought, in fact, that tbe course they had adopted would be approved of by nine teutha of their constituents; but be also thought thit it was preposterous to expect lhat a country thut did not . think of God in its public proceedings, eould by any possibility prosper. He must conclude, for one of his daughters bad threatened to leave if he made a long speech, and he did not desire to see her quit Ihe room Ha wished, however, to alvert to tho great difficulties met with by ministers in this country from the frequent chances in tbeic congregation, and tho impossibility of retaining auy considerable number of people in the same church for a length of time. This rapid change hid, howcvc-r, its advantages as well as its defects With regard to their financial condition, they were no» entirely out of d«bt, and had a houss of God equal to any iu th« colony. That adranUgo must he owned be ascribid^tj the deter- j mined tffoits of the christian gentle nen A'ho had been ! associated with him in tne undertaking. At the -.ame I time, however, he had to c implain of the defective | nature of the building, and the want of acoustical knowledge shown in its construction. Many were | from toe latter cause, alono compelled to absent themselves from divine service. Having done so much they ought to da more, and make the church rb p;rf;ct as possible. Mr Hurst would explain the defects aud the means of remedying them, and ha felt sure that 'those means would be found when applied for. He wished to say a word to the young men before -concluding, (cheers), aud he hoped that they would asjoci-ito themselves together, and further to the utmost of their power the improvements re quired iu the church. At tho conclusion of his ad dress the reverend gentleman was greeted with pro longcd'npplaii'e. The 133rd Psalm was then sung. Mr Bdtohart remarked that the last time he had the pleasure of addressing them, it was Ui-on a very sore subject for a Scotchman ; be was therefore happy to find that he had a better subject that evening to speak: of. He then*,spoko of fclio importance of 'social intorco^b,' espeoially among Pres byterians, and was applauded Beveral times during his brief address, which savored rather too much of sanguinary encounters between Edward and the, Scotch 650 years ago than of the benefits to be derived from that social intsr course of which he was supposed to be an advocate. The Itev. Mr Jarrett then spoke at some length respecting family religion, contending that it was of the yfmost imporlauco to every member of the Christian church. Mr II UR3r entered into a detailed explanation of the improvement!! aud mlt'rations req lired, together v.'itii the estimated cut i'595. He stated, however, that that sum would beiuMletjuato to effect the whole of the worlt8'neceHHiry, aud trusted that the congrega tion would raise £1000, the amouut really required £cr the purpose. The Rev. Mr MaodjNALD noticed the educational movement 'in progress throughout the colony- Ha instituted a comparison between Eton und the Scotch ; .College, urging that, the latter would exercise 'as .great an influence' in Viotoria as the 'oriner had done in England, and repre centud the importance of not committing tha obarge of their educitional establishments to any but those fully impressed whh the desirability of inculoa ting a conjoint system of religious aud secular train ing, ' ? After a paraphra'e had been sung, an interval of half an-hour was occupied in conversation, and attention to tho varied descriptions of fruit provided for tho occasion. Mr M'Bai.N' then addressed the meeting upon Sab bath Schools, stating chat it was highly necessary to have children of different families brought together for instruction in Sabhith Schools. Th-i Sabb-Uh Sahool teacher was to the children committed to his charge the Riun3 as the pistor to his (l^ck. Before concluding he wished to implore tbem t) grant their assistance aud prayers towards tho support of the Sabbath Schools and Sabb.ith .Sohool 'teachers con nected with their church. The Rav, Mr Meoaw, in speaking upon tha ' Reli gious Revival,' said that tbey were receiving news couci ruing it mail after mail. Revivals in religion were not uncommon in tho history of the Ohurch Many instances were rte -rded in the, bible, 'and since inspired men had ceased to write the history of the church, many instances of a Bimilar nature had oosurred.. The origin of the revival was as tallows ivur uieu in oeptem^tii 1-55, in Ulster, formed themselves into a prayerful meeting, and in December and January one or two individuals hiving fcecu converted, the attention of others was attracted, and iu a very Bhort time from a prayer meeting of four in the district, there catuo to be above a hundred meetings attended by- innu merable perr-OD'j a'JxioiiB to obtain mercy from the hand of their Redeemer. Thus the revival sprung from bo humble an origin ; there was little of man aud much of God iu it. It had spread throughout Scotland, bad reached to some parts of Eugland, aud had even been observed in France. Mtio^bad been said respecting tha physical manifestations. Was it wouderful th.\t hysteria, or whatever elae they might choose, to term it, should ensue upon the arrival of a conviction of their former sin 1 The moral effect upon society l-y the revival was immense. A man named ' Black Jock' wbem he knew, had been converted by the pvesent revival. That man had previously been in the police offiee nt least ouce a month, and was as his name implied a very black cb-iractej. The ?immorality that abounded in this colony needed a revival, and he did not despair of seeing one take place. If they had recourse to prayer, it would doubt l^sn produce tho same lu-ult here as it had in Ireland. ^ Mr Finlay then proposed a vote of. thanks to the ladies, for tboir successful efforts to givo a comfortable character to the meeting. (Cheers.) And after the doxology had been sung, and a bene liction had been pronounced, the company separated at a quarter to eleven o'clock. ' ? A miuLiter, eugaged in visiting his flocli, knocked at a door where lus inodrpt t*ip could not b6: heard lur the rio'uo .of.. i'; violent quarrel within. After waiting a lirtV, h*- 'opeued the door and w Iked in, and somewhat pompously inquired, ' I shou'd .'ike to knor^wlio is. the head of this .housa V — ' }V«« 1. air, aaid the huabaud, ' if .ye fit doon a wee we'll it ay bo be able tj tell ye, for .we're juat tryln' to eet.!e th&t;^ point. 