NEWS AND NOTES BY A SYDNEY MAN. LXXIX. THE Telegraph arrived late on Wednesday night, and has had rough weather since she came in, whatever she had outside. All yes- terday and to-day the rain poured down with a will, and on both days it was accompanied by heavy; storms of thunder and lightning. The rain has carried away the gable end of a house on Brickfield Hill, and almost upset an ancient hostelrie, ."of no very good re- pute," known as the " Elephant and Castle," at the corner of Pitt and King streets. Yes- terday the lightning passed into a school- house at Newtown, and struck a little boy named Cowan, severely scorching him on the chest and abdomen, but he is recovering. The iron railing in front of St. Kilda House, a well-known boarding establishment in Woolloomooloo-street, also attracted the lightning, the fearful violence of which was exhibited in a terrible manner. The whole of the iron rails on the east side of the gate- way, together with the stone buttresses in which they were embedded, were lifted up and hurled into the street, as if half a score of workmen had been employed all day in the work of destruction. The iron railing, when I saw it, was twisted and warped into most eccentric shapes; yet there did not seem to be a mark upon the adjoining gate ; and a Norfolk Pine, some of whose over- hanging branches had almost touched the top of the railing, was entirely unscathed. Just as the accident occurred, Miss Provost, the actress, alighted from a carriage at the gate of St. Kilda House, but was not injured. The storm to-day was terrific, for the short time during which it lasted. This part of Sydney appeared to be in the centre of its rotation, and there was a continuation of rattling blasts or explosions, not with the rumbling sound produced by distance, but short and sharp, such as I fancy would be produced by the discharge of a heavy Arm- strong gun close to your ear, and accompanied by rapid blazes of liquid blue light. I have not yet heard of any further accidents, but fully expect to do so. There has been much talk this morning of another ministerial crisis ; but of that I shall know more before I close. The Assembly last night went into Committee of Supply, when, on the motion of Mr. Robertson, and in opposition to the Ministry, it was resolved that the department of public works should be the first item taken into consideration The object of this was to force the Assembly into considering the position of Mr. Eagar, as a Member of the Nominee Chamber, before they proceeded to vote the supplies. On this point several discussions took place, and in several divisions the Government had the worst of it. Mr. Parkes openly stated that he had been informed that Mr. Eagar had solicited an appointment to the Upper House as a supporter of the late Ministry, whom he had turned against as soon as he had gained his wish. This was confirmed by Mr. Robertson, and I have every reason to believe that it is quite true, but there is sure to be more about it. As a wind up, the command of the House was taken out of the tands of the Ministry by Mr. Torry moving and carrying an adjournment. It has there- fore been said that a resignation must take place. This, however, I doubt. It is not a trifle that will make our hungry friends sur- render the loaves and fishes, which, to some of those at present in power, are known to be objects of strong attraction, though I am not fond of attributing such mean motives in ordinary cases. The other parliamentary proceedings of the week may be rapidly sketched. Parkes brought in a motion to refer back the Gover- nor's message, in which it was declined to take steps at present for the establishment of a militia force ; but Parkes was defeated. On yesterday evening Forster obtained leave to withdraw his Upper House Bill, with a view to introduce another, which I suppose will not embody the ridiculous single con- stituency principle. On the 15th the Pre- mier is to introduce a Bill to abolish State Aid to Religion, and on the 16th Mr. Black is to bring in his Land Bill. The House has resolved to ask for £3,000 to be set aside as a reward for gold discoveries. Mr. Cooper has a notice of motion on the paper for a grant of £10,000 for the endowment of a foundling hospital. The cause is a good one, but I fear that it has fallen into the hands of a gentleman not sufficiently influential or talented to do it justice. It is pretty well known here that Mr. Cooper gets his speeches written for him, then learns them by note, and convulses the House with laughter by the rehearsal of the most stilted trash. His late speech on the war question, to which I had the melancholy pleasure of listening, was the most extraordinary exhi- bition I ever heard in my life, and the mem- bers appeared to be in a state of spontaneous combustion all the time it was being deli- vered. Mr. Hoskins, the working digger who re- presented the Northern gold-fields, made an exposé the other night in reference to the appointment of extra polling places at New England. According to his account, the present government have appointed polling places at, sheep-stations and other places -under the exclusive control of the employers of laborers, who were thus enabled to run in their men like cattle, to vote as the masters pleased. To insure this, Mr. Hos- kins says that some of the employers poked their heads through holes in the curtain of the balloting booths, and watched the voters as they prepared their balloting papers. Now this is what you may call a sociable and pleasant way of enjoying the ballot. In the Legislative Council there has been a bill introduced which honorable members of the honorable fraternity of terrestrial sharks in your vicinity may feel some inte- rest in. Last night the Barristers' Admis- sion Act Amendment Bill was considered in committee, Mr. Johnson proposing the following as the first clause. After the thirtieth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and sixty, no person (other than and except as hereinafter mentioned) shall be admitted a barrister of the said Supreme Court, under the provisions of the said recited Act, unless he shall have given to the Prothonotary of the said Court, not less than three years prior to the time of his applying to be so admitted, a notice in writing of his intention to apply to be so admitted, nor unless he shall between the time of giving such notice and the time of his applying to be so admitted, have studied with and as a bona fide pupil of sume one or more practicing barrister or barristers of the said court for the full period of one year. Nothing in this act shall extend to or affect any attorney or solicitor of the said court who has or shall have been in practice as such for a period of three years. After consider- able discussion, Mr. Broadhurst moved as an amendment, " that the chairman do leave the chair ;" and on division it was found that there were only thirteen members present. The proposals of the P. and O. Company in reference to their contract, have been re- ported upon by a committee of commerce, of which Mr. Montefiore was chairman. In this instance the "Chamber" seems to have come to a sound conclusion. The report, which I subjoin, was adopted by a majority of 32 to 2, the dissentients being Mr. Alexander Campbell and Mr. Ingleow, the latter of whom is Manager of tbe Oriental Bank:- '- Your committee having carefully considered the letter of the agent of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, addressed to the Chairman, begs to submit to the Chamber the following draft of a reply : " Sydney Chamber of Commerce, "January, 1860. , "Sir,-I am in receipt of your letter of 19th instant, which has been submitted to a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce, who, having care- fully considered the same, have determined upon the following reply : - " Having notified the intention of the Com- pany you represent, of relinquishing the present postal service us being unremunerative, you intimate their willingness to continue the through service or to substitute a semi- monthly branch line via Galle upon the condition of receiving a subsidy of £205,000 per annum, and you request the concurrence of this Chamber in the proposi- tion, which, however, for the following several reasons they cannot recommend. " 1st. Because having relinquished one postal contract in consequence of its having proved unremunerative, there is no guarantee why the Peninsular and Oriental Company mighty not set aside the one now proposed should it (prove equally unprofitable. " 2nd. Because experience has shown that in the conduct of a branch service Australian inter- ests would be made subservient to those of India. " 3rd. Because as at present efforts are being made for the speedy establishment of direct telegraphic communication with this continent the existence of the electric wire as far as Galle, is comparatively but of little importance. " 4th. Because this colony would be called upon to pay a rateable subsidy with the Southern Colo- nies while they would not reap a rateable and pro- portionate advantage. " 5th. Because the Suez route, as making this colony the last place of arrival, and the first of the departure, has for all practical purposes, been proved to be useless for the people at large of this coloney ; and no alteration is pro- posed in the time table. " 6th. and lastly Because they roposal con- veyed by you would effectually impede any action in favour of tbe Panama route, which the Cham- ber considers as likely to be of far greater interest to this colony, than the service contemplated by the Peninsular and Oriental Company. " The Chamber hold this last argument to be a resume of all, for, while agreeable to co-operate with the Southern Colonies in recommending a subsidy for a monthly communication via Galle, they cannot consider it advisable to do so without receiving equal co-operation in the establishment of monthly communication, via Panama, and failing which they are of opinion that the interests of this colony will be best consulted by leaving the Indian route to be aided by the Southern Colonies alone, while to the colonies of New South Wales, New Zealand and Queensland, may be well left the onus of subsidising a service. via Panama. " I have the-honour to be, Sir, " Your obedient servant, « ALEXANDER STUART, Chairman. " Henry Moore, Esq., Agent Peninsular and Oriental S. N. Company, Sydney," The secret influence exercised by the Celtic Association is provoking a strong feel- ing of retaliation. Several letters on the subject have appeared in the daily press, and already a meeting has been held for the pur- pose of forming a " Protestant Political Asso- ciation !" Thus you see the danger of once starting class or creed distinctions. I don't know why the Celts should think it neces- sary to form themselves into an association for mutual support under the " claw me, claw thee" arrangement. I am sure they have fully their share of all that is to be had in this colony. In some departments-say the Postmaster-General's, for instance-you have nothing but the richest Celtic, and devilish impudent Celtic it is, too, at times. How- ever, if the Celts persist in thinking them- selves hardly done by, and in forming leagues, of course the Saxons will do the same, and "more honor lo their elbow," say I. One ill-judged step of this kind natu- rally leads to another, and when those who were in reality the aggressors, perhaps find themselves getting the worst of it by-and bye, they will probably sing out against the system which they had the imprudence to commence. There is a bit of a quarrel going on be- tween the Herald and Empire, the former accusing the latter of appropriating telegrams without acknowledgment ; but there seems to have been considerable jealousy and want of magnanimity on the part of the Herald, attempts having been made to crush its less wealthy rival by means of outbid- ding it in its telegraphic correspondence. The dispute has not concluded. At present the Herald has not come out of it with clean hands. The French ship of war Mons has arrived here from Europe, She is to be stationed at New Caledonia, and has on board several passengers for that colony. , She carries four guns. By the bye, you will see in the papers the Paris Moniteur's account of the shooting cases at New Caledonia, which ex- cited so much interest in Sydney a few months ago. The victims are described as Europeans, but there is no mention of their having been Englishmen. We have intelli- gence from Newcastle of a massacre of white men at this same island of New Caledonia. The Newcastle paper of Saturday last says : -The schooner Jessie arrived in port to-day from New Celedonia, and the master, D. C. Law, reports that, on the 29th of January, intelligence reached Port de France of the massacre of several white people by the na- tives of Port St. Vincent. It appears from the information received, that this is the second attack made by the natives upon the whites within a week. When the Jessie left it had not been ascertained what number had been killed. From further information supplied by Captain Law, it appears that Captain Paddon is at present at the island Anomanya, but having several thousand head of cattle at Port St. Vincent, had sent the Spec, brig, which is the property of Cap- tain Paddon, to Port St. Vincent respecting the cattle, but she had not returned when the Jessie left. The Maid of Australia had also been to Port St. Vincent, but left again immediately, and arrived again at Port de France, bringing the information now sup- plied Mrs. Rose Patmore and her daughter, a child fourteen months old, have been found drowned in one of the Mulwaree Ponds. At the inquest it appeared that Patmore had gone up to the town about five o'clock on Tuesday evening week and was drinking, and about 8 o'clock his wife followed him. borrowing a padlock from Mrs. Edwards and locking up the house in which she left her two older children. She had been drinking for some days previous, and when Patmore left was much the worse for liquor. Pat- more returned about nine o'clock, and find- ing the house locked up, he got in by a back window, lay down, and fell asleep. He woke in the middle of the night, and finding deceased had not returned, he got up and searched the premises, and inquired for her in the neighborhood. As soon as it was daylight, he went up to the town and made further inquiries. All that he could hear was that she had been at Mr. Cohen's inn shortly after eight o'clock the previous even- ing, inquiring for her husband, and finding he was not there, had gone up in the direc- tion of Musgrave's. He continued his search, but could obtain no tidings of de- ceased. The medical evidence went to show that death resulted from drowning, and that the bodies had been in the water from forty-eight to sixty hours. The colonial storekeeper's department in Sydney is re-opened, though the investiga- tion into the irregularities charged against that establishment is still proceeding. Stephens, the comedian, one of our old stock, has returned to the colony from Ame- rica, where it would appear that the Indians had been fattening him for a cannibal feast, he has grown so corpulent. The drama is beginning to look up. We have now Lam- bert, Drew, Rayner (a useful actor), Miss Provost, and Stephens, in Sydney, and amongst them they ought to be able to pro- duce something better than the dreary rub- bish with which play-goers have so long been bored. The Collector of Customs has received and published the following letter. What vessel can it be that is referred to? It is no doubt some long missing craft from one of the northern cedar rivers : "Murrah Station, Bega, Jan. 17th, I860. " To the Collector of Customs, Sydney. " SIR,-I have the honor to inform you that on Sunday, the 15th instant, whilst riding along the coast a few miles to the southward of my station, accompanied by some friends, we discovered a vessel turned bottom upwards on the beach at a place called " Nelson's." As far as we could ascertain she appeared to be seventy-five feet on keel, and of about seventy or eighty tons burthen. On the following day we cut a hole with a toma- hawk in her bottom, and found that her plank- ing consisted of pine and hardwood ; she was ch¡named, and partly sheathed with Muntz's patent metal ; we could not find out her name in consequence of her stern being embedded in the sand. The vessel's sides were covered with shell fish, therefore she has evidently been some months at sea bottom upwards. On the beach we picked up parts of the wheel, one of the quarter pieces, and the taffrail, which were of cedar ; the cleats on the taffrail were also of cedar ; all of which were pefectly new. We are of opinion that she is a new vessel. Her cargo, as far as we could discover, consisted of cedar. As there is every probability of her burying herself in the sand, it is my intention to immediately return to the wreck and secure everything I can for the benefit of those whom it may concern. In the event of my procuring any papers throwing any light on the name of the vessel and so forth, I will do my- self the honor of forwarding them to you by the first opportunity. Trusting you will be pleased to give publicity to the above, anxiously waiting your reply, I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, " S. W. POLACK." At Launceston there has occurred a most melancholy case of accidental shooting, which adds another to the many warnings frequently recurring of the folly of leaving loading firearms about a dwelling. The un- fortunate victim in this instance was a young woman, eighteen years of age, the daughter of a Mr. Burnett, a resident of Muddy Plains. It seems that her brothers had been out shooting opossums, and on their return home had placed their gun loaded and capped in the bedroom. On Saturday afternoon Miss Burnett and her mother were engaged in cleaning the apartment, when, having placed the gun on the bed, Miss B. said, " Mother, I'll take the cap off this gun" ; she accord- ingly leaned over the bed, and, with the muzzle of the gun pointed towards her, lifted up the hammer, which slipped from her thumb and the charge immediately exploded, lodg- ing the shot in her abdomen. She exclaimed, " Oh, mother, I'm shot !" Mrs. Burnett im- mediately placed her daughter on the sofa, and Dr. Casey was sent for. On his arrival he found the intestines protruding from the wound, which he pronounced to be of a mortal character, and in two hours after the accident the poor girl expired. The Northam steamed into port yesterday morning, after a rough night at sea. I send you late files, and you will altogether find so much news of various kinds that it is needless for me to enter into it. The great subject at present seems to be the Pope's temporal power, about which peaceful sub- ject many thousands of people are ready to cut each other's throats-and all for the honor and glory of religion. The tale you will find in the paper, of the young, lovely, aristocratic French lady, who fell in love with the frightful Caliban of a coachman, and, with her mother's help, murdered and burnt the living proof of her infamy, is just one more evidence of what that kind of article is really capable of when it literally goes the whole (female) pig. The loss of the Blervie Castle has created much excitement in Adelaide, where rela- tives of many of the passengers resided. The vessel left Gravesend on the 17th De- cember. The following is a list of her pas- sengers :-Mr. Stone, Mr. E. Daniels, Miss S. Daniels, Master A. Daniels, Miss E. Daniels, Master E. Daniels, Master W. Daniels, Mr. and Mrs. Davenport, Miss Davenport, Master E. Davenport, Master N. Davenport, Master H. Davenport, Miss Hine (and nurse), Mr. and Mrs. Peters and two sons, Miss E. Watson, and Miss Lane. Second class- Joseph Saunders, James White, James Young, Catherine Young, James Young, Isabella Young, Margaret Young, John Young, John Denham, Ellen Denham, Ewan Cameron, - Cameron, Duncan M'Call, and Edward Chard. At the Central Criminal Court, Williams, the publican, for shooting and wounding Heffernan in a fit of jealousy, has been le- niently sentenced to twelve months' impri- sonment. Yesterday and to-day a person named Wakely, keeping the Bull and Mouth public-house, corner of Market and Pitt streets, has been on his trial for an alleged rape on his married servant woman, Bridget Kennedy. The evidence establishes a very strong case-but it is against the woman, in my opinion. \- The " Board" has sent in its report on the Frazer's Island girls. I enclose it. It is exactly what might have been expected from a board, or from some other wooden article. It is a conclusion in which nothing is con- cluded. " Having carefully investigated the case," say they, " we find that we can't find out anything about it." The American ships in port paid a suitable tribute to the memory of poor Washington Irving, a few days ago, by hoisting their flags half-mast high. Mr. Wilson, of the Argus has been long trying to introduce the salmon into Australia, but we are just sending a fine one home to Scotland. The Rev. Alexander, of that ilk, proceeds to the Land o' Lakes at once, and his congregation have presented him with an address. Mr. Salmon has been in many a pickle with the high church parties, but looks quite fresh. A letter received in Sydney yesterday, respecting the Snowy River diggings, says : -There are at present 1000 to 1500 diggers at work on the gold-fields at Gibson's Plains. Average earnings with the dish- no other utensil there-a party of three average 1J ounces per day-they have been washing the river sand. A great number are now washing out the sides of the hills, sinking about five feet. It is described as the most promising-looking field than any as yet discovered on this side, and will extend to Benedebella, Coolooman, Mulligin Forest, to near Yass, from which, a road is being found. Mr. F. Messiter, of Balmain, a leading member of the " Young Men's Christian Association," died very suddenly yesterday morning. The celebrated steam clipper ship Great Britain, under the command of Captain Gray, anchored in Hobson's Bay about 10 p.m. on Sunday last, having accomplished the unprecedented passage of 55 days 16 hours from Liverpool. She left that port at noon on 11th of December. The pilot was discharged at 1.80 p.m. off Rock Light, and steaming down Channel the Irish land was lost sight of about noon on the follow- ing day. A favorable wind springing up she was placed under canvas, and continued on her course until the 19th, when, off the Island of Madeira, she encountered a very severe S.W. gale, with a heavy sea, during which she was laid to for twelve hours. The Equator was crossed on the eighteenth day out, and the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope was crossed on the thirty-fifth day from Liverpool. Thence she had a succes- sion of favorable winds. It is recorded in her log that, on the 28th January, she ran the distance of 345 knots within the 24 hours. On Saturday evening the saloon passengers presented Captain Gray with a congratulatory address, accompanied with a purse of 60 sovereigns. The address dwelt on the extreme care and courtesy shown by Captain Gray and' his" officers during the voyage. The challenge on the part of Richard Green, of Port Jackson, to row any man in England and the world for a large sum of money and the championship, has been ac- cepted by Henry Kelly, ex-champion of the Thames, who, if Green will come to Eng- land, will row him from Putney to Mort- lake, for £500 to £1000 a side, expenses to be allowed the same as in Green's offer. Robert Chambers, the present champion of England, has accepted the challenge made by the American champion, to row him on the river Hudson, for £500 aside ; £100 allowed for expenses, or he will row him on the Thames on the same terms. A Hobart Town paper says :-Wednesday, the 7th March, the day appointed for the great match for £1000, to be competed for by Quickstep and Mystery, at Longford, will soon be here. The horses, we understand, are in first-rate condition, and being under careful training, promise well for the con- test, which there is every probability will be an exciting one. On Wednesday an inquest was held in Sydney on the body of a child named John Porter, who, on the previous evening, had fallen into a cesspool, and had thus been suffocated. It was perfectly clear from the evidence taken before the coroner that no neglect had occurred ; the pool was not ex- posed, and the door was properly secured. The Launceston Examiner says:-We understand that Edward Baker, now under sentence of death in the gaol for the mur- der of Ellen Gibson, on the Sand- hill, has acknowledged the justice of his sentence. The execution takes place on Tuesday next. On the last trip of the Fenella from the Clarence to Sydney, and shortly before reaching the month of the river, a fireman, whose name is said to be M'Donald, and who has a wife and two children, was disco- vered in his bunk with his throat cut. It appears that on Thursday night last the en- gineer went down without a light, as is sup- posed, for the purpose,of rousing him up, and receiving no answer he began to feel about, when his hands suddenly came in contact with a quantity of fluid, which he afterwards discovered to be blood. A light having been got, it was found that a long incised wound had been inflicted with a razor, evidently by the individual himself," who was insensible at the time through loss of blood. The external jugular vein was cut, and the windpipe partially. On the disco- very being made known to the captain, the vessel immediately returned to Grafton, which accounts for her delay in the accom- plishment of the trip. There the medical assistance of Dr. Little was promptly ob- tained, and the ordinary remedies having been applied, the vessel again proceeded on her voyage. The doctor went down in her as far as the Heads, where, not apprehend- ing any immediate danger, he returned to Grafton, leaving the wounded man in charge of Mr. Charles Fitzgerald, surgeon, who happened to be a passenger on board, and who was also deputed by Mr. Walker to make all necessary inquiries relative to the death of his wife. Fortunately the injuries inflicted, through the prompt attention of the medical gentlemen in attendance, have not resulted so seriously as was at first ex- pected, and the individual himself may now be pronounced out of danger. He is per- fectly conscious, and has been taken in charge by his friends. No motive is as- signed for the attempted suicide. Formerly, it is said, he suffered occasionally from deli- rium tremens, but latterly, it is believed, his habits were more than ordinarily tem- perate. By the way, the arrival of this vessel has thrown no additional light on the mysterious death of the late Mrs. Walker, who, it will be remembered, was supposed to have been thrown over tho Pyrmont Bridge. The Em- pire says :-The moment the vessel arrived at Grafton, a messenger was despatched with the melancholy intelligence to Mr. Walker, who, with several other friends, happened to be at breakfast. He was, of course, very much affected, and intended to visit Sydney immediately ; but, having no one he could trust with the business, he was obliged to forego his intention. Mrs. Walker, it seems, was 27 years of age, had been six years mar- ried, had resided in Sydney for some time, was frequently in the habit of crossing to Pyrmont in a boat, and had some knowledge of the position and character of the bridge. These facts render the probability of an ac- cident, such as has been imagined, still more incredible. I observe in the Cape papers an account of the accidental drowning of a Colonel Rose, at Algoa Bay, on the 4th December last. If I am not mistaken, the late Colonel had connections at Moreton Bay. I therefore subjoin the report : About 10 o'clock, a boat with six passengers (Colonel Rose, R.E., Lieutenant Strahan, R.A.,A., Mr. Hart, of Somerset, Mr. Birt, of Port Eliza- beth, Mr. North, late chief officer of the Covenan- ter, and Mr. Fell), and manned by five hands, including the coxswain, Bernard Kroomme, better known as " Tom Tough." was coming to the shore from the Waldensian. At the time she neared the beach some very heavy rollers were coming in. The boat dodged outside of the surf for about ten minutes, awaiting a favourable opportunity. The coxswain, thinking that he could reach the shore safely, gave the word to make for the beach ; but the boat had scarcely started until a heavy sea curled up at the bank, and before she could be checked the boat was caught by the sea, which broke violently into her, completely filling her, and the boat at the same moment canting to the sea, was at once overturned. The life-buoy belonging to the port office had already been got out in anticipation of the accident. Two boats immediatly put off. One succeeded in picking up Mr. Hart, who was being carried out to sea very fast, and was quite insensible. Colonel Rose, Mr. Fell, and an Italian seaman belonging to the boat, were carried by the strong current below tho Port Elizabeth company's jetty towards the rocks in front of thoe stables. Several parties nobly rushed into the water to the rescue. Mr. Birt and Mr. Hart were rescued in a state of insensibility, but, under prompt attention, soon recovered. Lieutenant Strahan, Mr. North, and Mr. Fell were also rescued and although they were more or less exhausted, they recovered in a short time. Kroomme had a very narrow escape. In fact, but for the exer- tions of a Portuguese named Antonio, who formed one of the crew, he muat have perished. When taken out of the water, he was insensible. After the usual means of restoration had been applied to him on the beach, and signs of animation returned, he was carried to his own house. Two of the crew of the boat were washed close by the stern of the Arabia, and succeeded in getting on board that vessel, whence they were subsequently taken off by a boat and brought on shore. One of them, whilst hanging on by the rudder of the vessel previous to getting on board, had another narrow escape, A heavy sea broke there, and his head came into violent contact with the stern of the vessel. He was almost stunned by the blow. In the case of the unfortunate Colonel Rose, the accident assumed a sadder character, When first seen floating towards the rocks at Wr. Wheatlands, his head was under water. This was occasioned hy the end of the oar whioh he had clung to by his left arm having got at the back of his neck and forced his head under water. Not a moment was lost in getting him up from the beach to the company's store, and, under the immediate superintendence of Dr. Scott, in applying Hall's method. It was at about quarter-past ten at this time. The application was constant for nearly two hours and a-half, but seemingly without avail. The body was about to be removed, when Dr. Scott thought that he detected a faint beating of the heart, and the means already applied in the hope of resuscitating the system were again resorted to. For nearly half an hour more the application was unceasing, but as every sign of life had then disappeared, the mournful case was declared entirely hopeless. The body was re- moved to the military hospital, to which it was followed by Dr. Scott, and several other of the military authorities. It is very generally believed that the unfortunate deceased must have been stunned, as there were marks of violence on his left temple, and on his chest. Be that as it may, the length of time the head of deceased was kept under water by the oar, was almost sufficient in itself to have caused death. The deceased, who had been in this colony about thirty-five years ago, as lieutenant in the Engineers, and who was on his way to the frontier to relieve General Bolton, appears to be about sixty-five years of age. Very little is known of deceased here, but we are informed that he was a widower, and that several of his sons are now serving in the army. No fear of Forster resigning ! He is half resigned to his fate where he is. He holds on still, and all the fond hopes that were cherish'd this morning have vanished like ghosts when the daylight is dawning. [Mem., to send in my name for the berth of Poet Laureate.] I have heard that the lightning to-day struck Mr. Lenehan's furniture warehouse, and injured a man there. A competent nau- tical authority here says that the storm to- day was the centre of a cyclone, only we hadn't the wind. I have seen a few queer thunder-storms, but nothing like this before, and most people to whom I have spoken say the same. In Moreton Bay you are pretty sure, after getting some heavy cracks and flashes, to get rid of your troublesome cus- tomer ; but with us, to-day, it hit us, went away, and then kept coming back again. Captain --'s opinion that this was a cy- clone accords with my own, written above before I heard this--viz., that we seemed to be in the centre of the storm's rotation. I send you a bit of a scandalous action Macdonald v. Macdonald. The defendant is well known hero. He was a captain in the H.E.I. Co.'s service. The lady was re- lated to old " Sam," not " John " Terry. In the case of Wakely, charged by Bridget Kennedy, as I mentioned before, the jury have acquitted the prisoner. The weather still looks doubtful. The Newcastle line of telegraph is now all right again. It was all wrong when the Yarra sailed, for it turned out that some rascal had cut down one of the posts beyond Black Creek. He deserves to be cut down himself after hanging the usual time. It is probable therefore, that I shall be able to send you a telegram to-morrow. Friday night, 10th February. 