JULIUS CAESAR. This is one of the seldom-attempted tskak sperean tragedies, and ils successful produc tion demands such large, resource* that the infrequency of the attempts is no matter for wonder. That it . should -be presented ia Ballarat, and, presented so completely as now at the Theatre Royal, is one of . the most convincing evidences of the high standard of the company at that, house and of the enter prise of thejnanagement, though we regret to say we cannot add, that it-is a proof ot the liberality: .of. J^e p^Iuj.patropage. The bringing out bf the play was an experiment which ought to be successful, and ire trust will yet prove .so, albeit the first night's audi ence was infinitely discouraging. As a vivid reproduction, poetically amplified, of an im mortal, passage in classic history, the tragedy, either read or acted, ia one: which every cul tivated mind must fain delight in; " The im posing spectacular tableaux of moving acci dents by field and forum,-passing betöre us in all the pageantry of the classic antique, rivet the eye and re-edify and re-people for ns the majestic ruins of old home; while the quick play of sentiment and passion, and toe lofty diction of the im mortal speakers as they compass the assassi nation of a world's master, or depict ia burn ing words his. heroic i virtues, take the imagi nation captive, .and make us seem to lire and move among the men whom both Antony and Brutus Jiailed! as.^iîpmaus and country men." "To the production of this full effect no labor lias been spared by the management, and; we gi»i&o;^y/add-by the ¿ompany at the Royal, and tue result is one that redounds to the credit of the house, . The .scenes are magnificent paintings of the storied places in the eternal city, ¿nd the . processions are majestic counterfeit presentments of those civic displays which mark the annals of the Roman Republic. The conquering. eagles, with the emblematic ."banners and fasces borne hy troops of iionian citizens, herald and accompany the proud march oí the proudest ot the Çaîsâr iis he proceeds to the forum or the ¿epate, and as the .spectacle pasajes' before'tis 'on the síagé we confess the skill and success which present so engrossing a picture. The uncrowned but yet Imperial Casar is before us in the capitol, and mur dered by those*' honorable" mea who leagued against him, while the mad shouts of the fickle populace aré' heard in praise of the assassins ere yet"* " Toe rains of the noblest'man, That era" lived in the tide of tithes." have grown -iolâ_it'tixë'foot'oi Pompey's statue: ~ We see the " honest", Bru tus ascend thepidphum, and harangue the citizens in apo logy for Caesar's death, and we hear the acclam tiona, that acquit the murderers. We behold £he. loving Antony also from the .same place declaim over, the corpse, and wit ness' thèMcfofy of his artful, and impassioned eloquence. Then"come.«the pride, pomp, and circumstance bf .gloriousi war," the glid ing ghost pf Csesac ât'Sardis and Philfipi, the Jdrsobmfjture and âeâth, of Brutus and Cassius,0 and the victory bf Octavius and Antony/ AH this is embodied in living vision' before us as the player plies his art, and with iriflnitç skill and ever active em phasis and by-play, realises the. prophecy of Cassius and Brutus ' '** How many ages.hence Shall this our lofty scene be acted over In states unborn,'and accents yet unknown. Ho# many times shall Casar bleed hi sport, . That now on Pompey's basis lies along, ? No worthier thah the duetJ" The honors oí thfi performauce are pretty raro ta» *°d AntonT. in »J Messrs Bnchanaiij Warner,: Lfcyed an almost perfect imaal ^ power of pastorainúc pan 1^-, iawtw wa» wonderfully £¿h « hoar« voice some* ¿force of the actor's delivi -«y, the rendering as a wi .y^g masterly, and the il 1r gndpaiafidly real. Mr W ¿vu also a carefully studied e "Stent interpretation. Witt oice, giving full and mell. tte magnificent language of i be actor's every gesture and Io ¡ with the inspiration of the pa xe sa endless though a welcot Bte the special beauties of tl aracters, as played on the boar I daring |he nightly rehearsal ¿s Antonj/, Mr Hoskins aga weif as a right -bring ai bperean player. The peculi «tor were scarcely appreciab ipenoaation given of the chin y not Antony's counterfeit bt Kif seemed to be before u rer the body of Caesar was bot enified without being sermon iomrnon with the best achieve ither characters, was applaude Mr Bellair, as datar, waa al» ! in his part, and played wiri ice, unmarred by any of tha sir which generally adhéré man's efforts. Mr-Warde'i little stiff and stagey, bul not a little tneritoriom riant contribution to th« Tbs smaller part* of Lueiut, i Fortis wer» well filled by Miss Buchanan, and Mrs ! Mr Lawrence as Oetavim id in tb« presentment. The ts were all so well boras that t «trippingly off" from -first first night eren, as if after a uninterrupted performance, dj intimated, the audience on is very small, the dress circle ?ried, and the boxes showing i "beggarly account'' to the uesdar night the attendance id it would therefore seem i be wealth enough in Balia taste enough to justify the fons of the best plays ever j luction demanding talent, idigious labor and cost, for j aalisation of its aim. ' 