^'"FAREWELL PERFORMANCES OF TBE FORSTER CHILDREN. LAUSEST and Stephens are both first-class solora, they failed to mate a snooess of the Foster-ohildren the Prinoo of Wales Theatre, on Friday night. A serve them right. Hov could they attempt to set np direot opposition to the Forster ehildren in Macquat street-the very best company of comedians that e grinned before the foot-lights ? Night after night tl are eonvulsing delighted . audiences with spasms laughter; sometimes with them, but far more frequeo , at them. The Forster children are the most, uni land of brefhern in tbe oonntry, having all .BUoked, various times, from the same political teats. They eas ly recognisable by anybody who remains half-i hour in the Maoonarie-street establishment. We had hoped that when Murray got into the ohair would have allowed us ' to leave him alone in glory, for the sake of the office ; but he won't do BO, s atill claims a right to be trotted out ame the oroohetty Forster lads. His recent deoision 01 question of Asher's waa remarkable enough. He rout tba welkin a short time ago, and enabled Forster to vi a political spite, because somebady had been appoint a magistrate who, at a time before he used razors, h offered somebody else £0 to get his salary raised, t when Asher wanted to know whether another who ia magistrate ia now living in a state of immorality, Murr ruled the question uncivil, and out of order. The Be allndod to ÍB, no doubt, a Forster ohil d also ; while t boy-briber that was la suspected of bearing the Oowp brand. Oironmstanoes alters oaBes. But Murra; wonderful discovery of Wednesday puts all hie otb achievements into the abade. In bis eagerness to flt ont mares' nests, he set himself to work to examine t! book, upon wbioh Luoas had impressed a ohas «»lute on tba oocasion of MB triumph entry into Parliament, and the result of his investigate Was the discovery that there was a typographical ern in the title page of the book, from wbloh be argued tb the oath and everything that bad lollowed it was illegi After communicating with the Or own Law Officers, at holding a sele'et oommtttee with himself, he oame to tl eooolasion to annonnee the appalling faot to the Hons which he did with more than bis usual solemnity, ar , to the great terror of Luoas, who was observed to tren ble violently. The Speaker ' congratulated the Hous the country, and himself, on baving found out thia te: tibia affair by the sheer strength and penetration of h own unaided intellect ; and he mentioned that it wi fortunate for posterity that tba brilliant idea, like a co nsoation from the tail of the Halley eomet, had sh< aorosa bis brain, during a moment of unusual in apir tion. ' Lucas was in a terrible fright, for fear he ahoul ba called upon to unvote all be bad been voting, ai Shouldn't be able to do it; bat the Speaker set the ma ter at rest by announcing that bo bad prooured anotbi book, on which the whole staff of the Government P/in ing-office had been engaged for three days, without dis eovering any "literals;" and on thia he intended t ?wear the member for Canterbury anew. Luoas evident! didn't fancy this,' but bad to submit. It is luok that tbis sbooking informality didn't occur-or if so, tba it wasn't discovered-in the oase of Fiuoett, who might have availed himself of the loophole in his eath of a'.le glance to carry ont a dosign that he has long set bil heart upon.. It is rumoured in well-informed airóles ("of course oar readers know whom we mean), that Fan oatt intends shortly to lay claim ' to tba Crowi of Great Britain, as lineal desoendan ef Biobard . Plantagenet, Duke of York, who was supposed to ''ave been barked in the tower o: London by bis nnele Doable Gloater,-no relation to th« cheese of that name,-but so called an account of hit duplicity. But young Diok was only foxing to ba dead and subsequently got ont of tba window, passed thi »entry ' (a Oonnaugbt Banger) by pretending to beloni to tba Celtio Association, emigrated to Ireland, and fo many yearB occupied a prominent position in Dnblii society as tba driver of a very suooeBsful jaunting-car, Peter's plana are not yefquite oomplete ; but after th 4000 rifle* arrive from England he intends to move tba they be distributed among the member» of the Associa rion beforemcntioned ; and aa Twank baB been namet Commander-in-Chief, and for tba sake af appearanoea ii egotiating with a retired private oí.the First Life Guardi ia London, for the purchase of bis breast-plate, helmet and jack-boots, it is likely, from these foimidable preps rations that before long we shall bear something more o tho matter. Galileo Gallipot Jenkins, Esquire, who lately discoverer! a remarkable similarity betwaen bis own sugar basil and tbe rotation of - tba plonets, and who fanoiss tba there is also A s tri kin« analogy between himself and Jenner- the latter having discovered vaccination, and the ormer wanting to enforce it- Jenkins, wa. say, has hit npon another sublime truth. He is in favour of thc Sues mail route, and adopts his faith through a brilliant train of reasoning, Surz ia in the Bed Sea; tbe Bed Bea is beyond the China Sea; in the China Sea is Canton ; Canton exports tea ; tea is drank in Australia ! education is tea- drinking; ergo, theta ean .be na education if we have the Panama route. For this dis. oovery Jenkins bas been presented' wltb a pound ef loal ?ugar, and a bottle of vaoolne matter, by the local agenl of the Boyal Humane Society ; and it is expeoted that he will start next week on an eduoatlonal and vaooinatorj tour to the Snowy River diggings. Loder, another of the Forster obildren, has given ir his adhesion to the dark ages. Gray trotted him oat a few nights ago, on whioh oooasion Lodrr oandidly eon. fessed that he looked upon all modern reforms a» ham bug, and expressed bia belief that the intelligent portion of the world, who occupied tba sheep.pena of Liverpool Plains, were panting for a return to tbe glorious days ol "old, when Aloxander Maoleay held the tiller of tbe State, and the Nominees kept the troublesome Press ont .of the Counoil Chamber. - Loder has let himself off at last, but that is more tban we intend to do. We moan to primo Loder at the first convenient opportunity, and sba'l promote bim to the offloe vaoant by the retire, ment of Hamilton, who ia now in training for a »parring ma (oh with Captain Russell-not from any ill-feeling, but merely to decide the championship of the funny weight». Plunkett nays tbat when he vdted for a nominee . Upper House, he didn't know what he waa about, and is ia great doubt whether he knows any better now. Like Forster," ha finds that theory and praotloe are two diffe- rent things, and the Legislative Counoil over wbioh ha lately presided, is pronounced by bim to be an Assem- bly of praotieal muffs, though theoretically great states- men. He was not very well pleased with Gray'a ology on the dark ages, wbioh he considers to be a reflootion on himself.. Blaok, he says, wonld ba moro likely to bei long to tbe dark ages. For bis own part, the only age he goes in for ls a baronetage, wblob he ls ander tbe de« luslon that a Queen's messenger ÍB waiting to inform him of aa soon as he arrives in England. We w ah that ho may gat it, and lt is very likely that hn will, for Dootor Lang, who now lnnohes with Plunkett every day at tba Cafe, »nd is on ter.ns of most fraternal friendship with him, has farnishod him with an auto- graph letter to Earl Grey, who. a» is well known, ha» long been anxious to exeroise his Influence in any way for the pleasdre or advantage of the Dootor. This honorable and reverend gentleman, «bb now ranks himself amongst the Forster children, and doesn't ancm to oars a farthing about bolng braten on the Triennial Aot, is understood to bavo greatly mo- dified bis formor radical view*, end ia about to be reoom mended by bia'bosom friend, Dr. Fullarton, for appoint . ment to a bishopric Bat above »ll bia obildren, Forster himself baa been lately most diatiogulshed. Blaok ia not very whitoin the ' pbblio estimation, and his Bill (o perpetuate tho mono- poly of the squattors is enough to canse tbe ghost of tba Land League to hanni tbe Bobin Hood, in aaaroh of perpetual nobblers to Booth- ila indignation, Hay, -. whose don't oaro a straw about manhood rights, only on friday night reposted tba Donaldaonian howl againit tbe horrors of demooratio institutions. Many others of the lads bave made sights of themselves ;bnt Forster beats them all. He got poor Blaok to do what he oonld never get anybody else to do-toread half bis famous pamphlet on the Land Question, and the unhappy Speaker was compelled to listen tb it. He tried hardly to keep the Macquarie-street performers from attending Dalhy's banquet, but failed as signally as he did when be opposed the adjournment for the death of the then Prime Minis ter'a venerated father. On Friday night he WOB reduoed to bis last shift. His Bill for the representation of minorities waa kicked about from pillar to post. He offered to patoh it, to tinker it, to alter it in any way. He was willing to introduoe a property qualification ; to strike ont all.the clauses and leave the Committee to put in new oneB. All was of no ase. Evon Tonkins was diB. gusted, and went over to the sensible side, in oonaequenoe of wbioh wo have countermanded an order, previously given, for the shaving ot his head. The Minority Bili waB kicked out; and Minority Bill, himself, having been kioked at the same time, ought to follow the other Bill; bat it is rumoured that he moans to stop. Eager and Blaok, not to speak of Samuel, have been observed to be growing very fat lately on tboTr.asury turkeys and barn, and have no inclination to go back to bread and obeeseandonions. The wholeof the minorityjwaited upon Sir W. D. on Friday night, with a respectful memorial, praying tbat he would keep them on. His ExoelUnoy deolined to give any reply nntil he saw what the Empire advised; but, Upon the same principle that causes ÜB to abstain from urging the exeoution of a oriminal ander sentenoe, we intend to keop our opinion to ourselves for tbe present, We onoe knew a fellow, who was kioked and hod bis bat thrown out of the window, yet deolined to go, on tbe plea that he bad the law on his side, but the landlord lifted him np by the waistband and the eollar, and dropped him outside No deubt. Sir W. D. knows the laws of Landlord and Tenant. In the event ofvaoanoieB ooonrring, the follow- ing names have been mentioned : Premier.Mr. JENKINS Treasurer.....Captain BUSSELL Land Seoretary.Mr. W. MACLEAY Seoretary for Works.... PLUNKETT Minister of Instruction.... " CUHMIKQS Attorney-General.,. WILD Solicitor-General. " WILION. Many gentlemon have established strong olaims to tbe las't-named appointment, but it is diffieult for Jen- kins to choose. IN consequence of the receipt of a heavy bribe from Forster, oar principal. demon managed to exolude the foregoing from Saturday's publication, but Forstir has since been too busy with his own affaira to follow np that system of taotios. Forster and Blaok-Eagar and Samuel, hara had their hands fall. Last night tbete was a ory of fire in the streets. Hundreds of innooent citizens were seen running down George-street, and all the other thoroughfares that led to the north. The en- gines turned oat. The mounted police, summoned by a man who went tearing down the" street on boraebaok( without haying waited to put his ooat on, oame galloping along with bristling moustaches and olanklng sabres, commanded by an apparently military, gentleman wbo seemed very uneasy in the saddle. The' whole town was afoot. Servant giris looked oat of their garret window«,'and aundry piok pookets, fresh from ohurob, ran furiounly towards the s0ene of the antioipated battue. Bat ell came trooping back again, forlorn, depressed, disappointed. The man in the shirt sleevoB was Forster. The fire was on the North Shore, and had been made by Eagar, who was seen to go over in tba dusk of the evening, disguised SB a Liberal. Blaok was tba very first who raised the alarm of fire, and he was recognised as the man in the military oap who went baale'in command of the . police. The Forster obildren must be mad if they1 suppose that tbe publio doesn't; see these things. The triok failed. It waa intended to divert the pnblio mind from Forster's forlorn oondltion, but Eagar didn't auocoed in keeping the fire ap long enough. Just about ai successful was the attempt in Twank'$ WeeMy Driveller to ory down Dalley'a Banquet Twank, instructed by Forster, bas been twisting his eye glass about for ' several evenings, in some doubt SB to whioh eye he should apply it to, each being obliquitous (the word is 'Supplied by Twank) to an equal extent. Twank is of opinion that the best thing be can do, under tbe oircumstonoes, is to start a new order of portrait painting-to shew us that a man is not a man, and that we must go back to the monkey tribes to get the true connection between tba etberial and the animal. Martin, false prophet as he i*, has nevertheless -shewn that he still olings to the Homo theory. What the Ministry oan do we don't kaow. Forster, Blaok, and Samuel say they- won't give up, but Eagar says they shall, or threatens to out the painter. Forster knows very well that he will be aotually,. kioked . out of the door if he stops muoh longer, and Blaok bas had bis hat ready for several hoars ; bat Samuel, who knows devilish well tbat if be goea out now he will never have a ohanoe of getting book, urges them all to sit down again, Bug getting that it ÍB not very late, and they'd better stop a little longer. On the whole, they don't know what to say, or what to do. They are unwilling to go out, and can't stop in. The place bas great attraotiona for them, bat the good reportB from the Snowy Biver diggings bewilder them. On one side is immortality-on the other, nuggets. In fact, they feel very uncomfortable. Samuel baa great oonfidence in Forster, and is half in- clined to believe bis assertion that the Governor General oan't do without him. He has an eye, bow. ever, to bis material interest, and we are open to make a bet that he will be on his way to the Snowy before tbiB day two months. Perfeot distraction reigns in the Connoll. Nothing is done or thought of bat the oriels. Plunkett has con- sulted the Spanish Consul ; bat he doesn't seem to knew muoh about it, In short, doubt pervades the whole affair. ' - . LATEST PABTIOÜLABS. Blaok has been sera inquiring tbe nearest way to the Tweed, which bis offloial experience has informed him is a river in the north oountry. Forster Blept last night in tho Domain, and left the gate open, so that the Governor might have no difficulty in getting at him if he wanted bim, wbioh be doesn't. Bagar is about-rumour sayB-to enter into business on bia own acoount, alleging that he ia heartily tired of the whole lot. Samuel was observed last night to be cheapening a tent at one of tbe economical emporium* on Briokfleld-hill, whioh didn't mind opening " to him " on Sunday. There are oontinuad rumours of the intentions of the Ministry. We have good reason to believe that they intend to resist the police, if that force should be " sent for." 