\- 'glpENWG OP ST. AUGUSTINE'S C H URCH, ? ,. ? ' YASS. . .. ' ? ; The following is the sermon preached by the Rev. P. Bermingham on the occasion : — And Jesus came into the quarters of Ctesnrea Phillippi. And he asked his disciples saying:, , ' Whom do men Bay that the son of Man is ? But ( ; .-.. they said, some John the Baptist, and other some, Elias, and others, Jeremias or one of the prophets. , And Jesus sailh to them : But whom do you sav ? ? lam.?: Simon Petei answered and said: Thou art Christ, the aon of the living God, And Jesus ??. answering said to him, Blessed art thbu Simon ????'?? Barjbna, because ffoh and blood hath notrevealed it to thee, but my Father, who is in heaven;. ''??' Apd I say to thee, That thoa art Peler, and upon ; this rook 1 will build my church, and the pates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I wiil give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; und ?whatsoever thou sha.lt bind upon earth it shall bfe bound also in heaven s and whatsnever thou shal't ,.,. loose on. earth it shall be loosed also in heaven.— ?.-?'?' .J6hp,'cap.}6,v. 13. And the Lord said, Simon Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have yoii, that he may sift you as wheat: But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith \- fail not : and thnu being once converted, confirm .:??:-. thy brethren.— LuJce, cap. 22, v. 31. ?-?When therefore they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon,- son of John, lovest thou me ? more than these? He saith tp him, Yea, Lord : thou knowest that I love thee. He saith to him; Peed my lambs, lie saith to him again, Simon son of John, lovest thou me t He saith to him, . ... Yea, Lord,; thou knowest that I love thee. He j;', 'Saith Ip'hirn, Peed my lambs. He said to him a ' third tirrie, Simon, son of John, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he had said to him a third time, Lovest thoa me? And he said to him, Lord, thou knowest all things ; Ihou knowest that I love thee. He 3aith him, Feed my \- ...sheep.— *fo/in, cap. 21,. o. 16. God the Son, consubstantial with God the Father — . ' the brightness of His glory and the figure of His aubstan.ee'— having taken a body like oura and a human soul in, the chaste womb of the immaculate Mary, made our nature as trnly the nature of the 'second person of the Trinity as His own nature to raise rnan by the merits of His sufferings ' in the likeness of sinful flesh' from the depths of a sorrow ful bondage to the happy freedom of the children of God. ' The word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us' to redeem the enslaved sons of Adam .by the payment of ' a great price,' and to found a kingdom of rational creatures 'regenerated' and gifted with -supernatural life, over whom the in. carnate God was to reign, and by whom ' Hia Father's will would be done on earth as it is in heaven.' -This kingdom -was not to b-e a passing Institution ; for God decreed, as we read in Daniel, ' to set up a kingdom that shall never be destroyed, and it shall consume all those kingdoms, and itself shall stand for ever.' This kingdom, ' not of this world'1 — set up by God, and hot by human hands guided by his indwelling spirit, and not by human wisdom, which ' is foolishness' — preserved by the power of the immortal King of ages,' and not by that kings or kaisers, ' which is weakness' was to ejjnbrace all, those who, ' born again df water and the Holy Ghost,' arise from ' the laver of regene . ration' — ' a new creature, dead to sin, but alive unto God in Christ Jesus our Lord,'' and adorned with supernatural gifts, whereby they are made, as ? said St. Peter, ' partakers of the Divine nature.' On them God, in the fulness of His love, pours out His sanctifying grace to raise them to a super natural life or a state of bsing which nature cannot reach and is not its due, and fit them to see and enjoy God in himself, not as lefleeted in creatures. By; sanctifying grace the stain of rebellion, con tracted in Adam as father and representative of the human race, is wiped away j over our souls is spread ' the wedding gar ment' — that robe of justice and holiness; and we acquire a right to kingly thrones in the ' new Jerusalem' as 'heirs of God and coheirs of Christ,' our brother and head. This kingdom, enriched with the boundless treasures of God's mercy and loy.e, we call the church or tha congregation of the faithful, who, ' believing in Christ Jesus' and His doctrines, have been baptised. Having received 'one baptism,' all obtain the like newness of life and begin to live the same identical life in union with Christ. Having 'one faith, one Lord,, and one Redeemer,' as, said St. Paul, and cheered on the weary way of life by the one hope, they form one compact, united body under the supreme, rule of Christ's vice-regent. How beautifully and forcibly does not St. Paul,- in.; his. pregnant words to the Romans and Corinthians, describe the interior life, the external union, the charity and dignity of God's tfiurch : As in one body, we hare many members. ? * ? So we being many are ons body in Christ, and each one members of ona anotlur. And nil the membersofthe body, whereas they are many yet are one body; so also Christ. If one member Buffer anything, all the members suffer with it ; or if one member glory all rejoice with it. Now, you are the bodyof Christ, and members of the member.' ' The church: is, therefore, more than' an association of individuals who read a holy book, adopt peculiar religious ideas, and, protesting against what they flippantly call error, ' are aggregated around a doc trine or foftn of worship' by command of an earthly sovereign and the action of national prejudices— by the influence of passion or a bad early education. The church is ' Christ's body,' and opens not arms to unregenerated humanity or man' refusing to re ceive Christ coming amongst his own.' ' The clinroh' is humanity, if I may use the expression,' said an American convert, 'supernaturalissd ;' and is— to use. tiie words of the amiablo and erudite Oxford Bcholar, Wilberforce — ' an organic. body de riving its life, from perpetual union with the ni!m.a.n-Uy;0.f.'to. head, and guided in preserving, and, propagating th,e -.revelations'; of God by,-the holy spirit sent by. .Christ, to. abide with. His; cUureh for ever.'-* In fine, we affirm the words, of the same learned convert— that the ;sacrcd Scriptures assert the, whole church of God to be the body of Christ endowed with life by t'ie Son of God. Of this body, w.hioh is tp bo. regarded. as a whole, the mem bers, are individual believers, for as the bouI gives life- and motion to the body, which of itself could have no living motion, so the word giving a right motion and energy moves the whole body— the church and each of its members.' Now, several societies assume,. the name of Christ's church, and claim to .be. considered 'His body.' They. go forth to make proselytes in His name, and teach the saving truths which Christ sealed with His blood' and communioated'to liu apostolic college, for the salvation. of the human race, ' until we all meet in the'unity of faith and knowledge of the.Son of God.' Haw- then slinM we be able to discover Christ's church or. his;jbody, wherein are lire and truth? 'By a sign,' said ;a great French thinker; ' to rpeak of. ''.'j-iTf, a?.re:sPle.n.dent.as the sun, which, no fajs.e authority p.oBKesses— which no false authority can counterfeit— the sign of universalityof Catholicity.' Yes, universality in teaching all God's. revelations, or ' the deposit of the faith :' and all uations, and in subsisting in nil ages, points one society as alone inheriting; tiio .furors and prerogatives tradition and thejholy Scriptures assign the great.' teacher of the nations.' But to preserve and perpetuate this uni versality, unity of authority was necessary. With Ou- nnH. ?of . «'»thority, universality, cannnot and could not b \ Withqult. csntial authority, divisions must arise, and Christ's kingdom ;be split into .a number of ' national* churches, as opposed in religion us in politic*, ' Now, a unity, which time could not disturb, or the world — the enemy of God and his Christ' — destroy, human cannot and could not bring about — human wisdom could not devise, or Ihe power of the earth make'last for ever. It must be the work of the Most High, or man may hrinp it to nought, it must be of God, ' or the gates of hell shall prevail against.' Therefore did God the Son determining like a wise architect to build his church upon a solid foundation— a rock, address to Simon Barjona the words I read for you. From them we infer that on Petpr was conferred the sub lime privilege of giving security, permanence, and solid unity to God's great institution — of uniting together in the profession of the same faith, in the ncceptance of t'-e same sacramental channels of Grace, and in submission to the same essential dis cipline, ' the elect of God,' called to Grace and mercy from every nation, tribe and people. To th.it holy See, which inherits snd transmits, through blessed Peter's successors, his Apostolic doctrine and authority — to its rights and prerogatives I would to-day call your attention. I do so with full heart and sincere love for you all in Christ Jesus. For on this day we are met in this beautiful structure, to thank God oh the completion of a temple erected under the patronage of that groat saint, who, in 596, sent by Pope Gregory, with a message of peace to Angles and Saxons, entered the royal presence (as history tells us), with saintly companions, 'carrying for their banner a silver cross and an image of our Saviour painted on a board, and singing litanies as they walked and making humble prayer for them selves and the souls to whom they came.' The Gospel of St. Augustine, commissioned by Gregory, made known to Ethelbert, the very same I, inheriting through million of confessors and martyrs the teach ing of blessed Patrick announce to you — after receiv ing sacred orders and mission from the living Peter, Pius_IX.— in a church situated in a land more than ten thousand miles distant from the scene of his snfferings and triumphs, of his labours and success. From the sunny hours of childhood 1 feel assured the chair of blessed Peter, and the bishop ruling God's universal church, as Peter's successor— from those historic hills, where the Caesars lorded it over an enslaved world have .been to you objects of vene ration and sincere attachment, but it may be, as time went on and cares multiplied, and the world's so phisms fell upon your ears, your attachment has been growing weaker. 'Without leisure or the op portunity to read the records of the heroism, the glory and charity of the Popes, you, forgetting that God built his church upon Peter, are perchance al most prepared to sacrifice the rights of the Apostolic See, at the call of the enemies of virtue, vested rights, and religion! Perhaps a few of you, hearing the flippant remarks of individuals whose ideas of reli gion date from the nursery, and reading pamphlets and lectures written by men totally ignorant of God's, church ignorant that it is visible now, has been and shall be ' lo the end,' like n light shining upon the mountain top — visible as a governing, serving, working, teaching, saving institution, with its. God-given law, life, love, and Supreme Pastor have accepted, without questioning, their unproven statements. They indeed tell you the Papacy is a huge fraud and imposture, and account for its un deniable existence, by saying, that men of every na tion, tribe, and people, many of great intellectual powers, of brilliant genius, and vast erudition — have surrendered themselves body and soul to an old mar destitute, of great armies and. fleets, and spending his time in the Vatican in blessing ignorant devotees, in cursing individuals endowed with manly independence of thought and in plotting against the rights of kings and the liberty of nations. Hence your naturally benevolent dispo sitions have had hard struggles with the suspicions, the hate, and false notions engendered by the reckless repetition of those and the like insensate charges. Thus many, noble souls there are who long to think well of their Catholic neighbour and his religion ; but since his errors are said to be so many, and priests are described as so very wicked they feel constrained not to approve of those, whom they, would fain to love. If, however, they woult seek truth and enlightment at the fountain's source and fixing their eyes on the portals of death opening to admit them at no distant day into the house of eternity, ask themselves if their instructors while pulling down could build up as. well, could give a distinct and complete creed after destroying the creed of eighteen centuries, and, unrolling the sacred volume, declare with certainty the truth as stated in the sublime words of God's dealings with man, so many hard and severe things would not be said of the holy Roman. and Apostolic Church, nor of those in communion with 'the mother and mistress of Churches.' 'We shall, therefore briefly examine the nature and foundation of the Papacy, in order that your veneration may deepen, your love.increase for it, and erroneous notions be corrected. In, the Acts of the Council of Florence we read the fol lowing words : ' We define that the Holy Aposiolic See and Roman Pontiff holds, the primacy through out the entire world; and that the said Roman Pontiff; is the successor of the blessed Peter, th prince of the.apostles, and is the true vicar of Chris and' the head of the whole church, and father an teacher of »11 Christians ; anil tha.t , to. . him, in th person of blessed Peter, full power waB giyen by ou Lord -Jesus, to feed, rule, and govern the universe church, as, also is contained in the Acts of CEeum enical Councils and in the, sacred Canons.' To Peter and his successor, the Bishop of Rome, w therefore assert Christ has given supreme authority and jurisdiction over the entire chuich.. In a word weholdthe Bishop of Rome is Christ's, vicar an the visible head of the mystical. body. With hir all the faithful must be joined, ini communion : fror him flows all jurisdiction or spiritual authority. 1 belongs to him to correct abuses, to crush heresi and preserve discipline. He. |b, the supreme, doctc and pastor of souls— the head of the faithful, bindin and loosing — in every part of the world, and pro servud by cuptrnatural assistance from error whe speaking in the name of the church, in matters - faith, or testifying to the facts of revelation. Hi exaltation does not free, him from temptation t moralifaulta ; he may sin — ho may fall seven time a day — like the just man. God hois not promise him immunity from the assaults of the world, th flesh and the devil, rior deprived him. of free wil His authority as vicar of Christ is in the spiritual c supernatural order, and belongs to him as the. su preme representative of that order, on earth, H; temporal power or independence as a sovcreig secures to him freedom of action in the spirilui order. ' Without temporal independence,' said great philosopher, 'supremacy was the enslavery c truth, confiding it to a single man, and that man d- livered ov^r to the. 'cerey of an emperor, or a re public, or some other human power. But whethi ? in the sunless, catacombs'' or in the halls c Ctesar— at Fontainebjeau or at.Gaeta — at Avignoi or at Rome— in exile or. on the seven hills— th Pope represents Christ, speaks in His. name, ruh by virtue of his commission, teaches by His assii ?tanoe, and steers Peter's bark over' the, trouble water* of sin and error, as it bears into the hav« of God's rest His children of every nation, w tribe and people.' The three Scripture ex- T, tracts I have read for you establish blessed Peter's ^ supremacy of authority— the fathers of the Church '' affirm it— councils have defined it — and the voice 9U of tradition proclaims it. Our Redeemer one day '° coming into the quarters of Cteserea Philippi asked ej hia disciples; 'Whom do you say lhat I am?' a Then Peter, professing his belief in the eternal '( generation of Christ, replied : 'Thou art Christ, the ai Son of the living- God.' Whereupon Jesus, giving se him the promised name, Kipho or rock, tells him e? that on this rock, or Him, He will build His In Church, and that ' the gates of hell shall never pre- '° vail againBt him.' Now, the security and stolidity *'' of a material edifice depends on its foundation, and &' the adhesion of all the parts to it and to each other. -^ But Peter was to effect in a mortal structure what a ' solid foundation do'es'for a material edifice. Con- n' sequently, Peter, as Cardinal Wiseman learnedly -e developes, 'was to give laws to, and to exercise au- ° thority over, the entire Church. Peter is, therefore, w not its founder, but the rock on which the Church ?was founded, or the supreme authority uniting in one body all of the members. St. Leo the Great, *' in the 5th century, paraphrasing our Redeemer's ' words, expressei this idea in his own beautiful Ian- y. guage : ' As my Father has manifested my divinity, to thee, I make known to thee thy excellency, for thou art Peter— that is as I am the inviolable rock ° ? —the corner stone who make both one — the founda- * tion other than that which no man can lay — never- theless thou art also a rock, because, thou art strengthened by my power, so that those things which belong to me by nature are common to thee with me by participation.' To Peter, thus honored ° and marked out for pre-eminent authority, and to him alone Christ likewise promised ' the keys of the ' kingdom of heaven,' with full power to bind and f loose. This figure— so expressive of supreme au thority, and of such frequent use amongit eastern nations — retaining its fixed meaning in Peter's case, oonftrms- and unfolds the idea conveyed by the c metaphor of the rock. It was, however, only after Christ had arisen from the dead ' the first fruits of { them that sleep' that Peter— for whom Christ had ' mean time prayed ' that being converted he would ] confirm his brethren's— was installed primate of the apostolic college and head of Christ's mystical body. ; The promise was the reward of his strong faith ; ' the fulfilment is the recompense of his pure, ardent love for Jesus. In presence of the belored John, ' the favoured Ja'mes, and the other Apostles,' he bade ' Peter feed all his flock— His sheep and His lambs. ! Now, in commissioning him to feed his flock, he ? gave him supreme and undivided authority over that fold of which he himself was the emphatically ' good shepherd. This is the meaning of this figure in sacred and profane writings — in the sublime epic of the Grecian bard, in the writings, of Prophets and Apostles. It was so used. by Peter and by Paul — by Peter in his first Epistle, and by Paul in his touch ingly beautiful address to the church at Ephesus. To Peter was therefore given a direct and peculiar authority— distinct from and fuller than that grauted to the other Apostles— peculiar, as conferring on him singly a jurisdiction over all the rest, which was to be transmitted as an essential adjunct to his office. The other Apostles had indeed power to bind and loose; and, sharing with him the Apostle ship, their authority was co-extensive with the world, but subordinate to Peter's. Hence the learned Origen said—' As something peculiarly ex cellent was to be granted fo Peler, it was given to him singly— I will give thee the keys of the king dom of heaven.' Now, at Rome, within reach of the blood stainded hand of Cossar, Peter fixed hia see — his chair. This no scholar would now deny ; the greatest adversary of the P.ipicy admits the fact recorded by Irenseus— ' To Peter succeeded Linus, to Linus Anacletu3, then, in the third place, Clement.'1 But we hold that Peter transmitted to his successors his supreme authority, hia rights and i his privileges ; and that the holy Roman Church continues oh earth the Apostolate,, connecting the .church of to-day with that of the first Pentecost. ] The form of church government, established by the | incarnate God, man — be. he. king or enmeror — cart. j not alter : as Christ constituted his kingdom so was it to remain, like himself, ' the same, yesterday, to day, and for ever,' He did not leave the church, acquired by his blood,' imperfect or incomplete in her organisation, to carry out the work of salvation begun for all men on the cross. Hence, Peter — the foundation or lock oh which God's church has been built, . to. secure to it permanent union, as SS . Jerome, Cyprian, and Optatus remark— lives in his successors. Christ has not withdrawn from his sheep and lambs the tender solicitude of the primate ?Apostle. A seal ardent as Peter's, a love as pure, and a like firm, confirming faith have characterised those Roman Pontiffs, who, by Fathers and Councils, are declared the inheritors of his preroga tives. St. Irenaeus speaks of Rome's 'superior headship,' and Tertullian remarked that 'Rome was not far off, to which we can readily apply. Happy Rome,' he cries out, 'which the great Apostles impregnated with all their doctrines and with their blood.' St. Cyprian calls the Roman Church ' the principal church, and the source of sacerdotal unity, to whom perfidy can hive no access. At Sardica, in the days of the great Athanasius, a council of 'three hundred bishops, in a decree, calls the see of Peter ' the head.'. St. Jerome, writing to Pope Damascus, said, ' I'm following no other than Christ, united to the com munion of your holiness — that is ths chair of Peter. I know that the church is founded upon that rock. Whoever eateth the lamb out of that house is a pro fane man. Whoever is not in the ark shall perish by the flood. But for as much as being retired into the desert of Syria, I cannot receive the sacrament at your hands, I follow your colleagues, the Bishops of Egypt. I do not know Vitalisi I do not communicate with Meletius; Paulinus is a stranger to me (men of suspected faith). He that gathereth not with you scattereth.' St. Chrysostoin having been deprived of his see, appealed to Pope Innocent, and said, ' For what did Christ nhed his blood'? Certainly to gain those sheep the care of which he committed to Peter and his successors.' ?' St. Augustine, that great scholar, philosopher, he. of towering genius, the- Bishop of Hippo, writing to Glorius and Ellusiua, said, ' The Bishop of Carthage, Cecilian, might well disregard the combined multitude of his enemies, whilst he saw himself united by letters of communion with the Roman Church, in which the princedom of the Apostolic chair always flourished.' Again, in reply to . Petillianus, he writes, 'If all. throughout the world were such, as you wantonly assert, what has beendone to you by the chair of Peter, the Roman Church, in which Peter. sat, and Athanasius-sita.. at this day.' The doctrine affirmed ih these few, out of many extracts, has been, indisputably established by .the proceedings of general councils — by their de.. ference to the instructions— their admission of the dignity and submission to the authority of the Bishops of. Rome. At the first Council of Nice whereao many soldiers of Jesus appeared,, bearing, honourable wounds received in testifying to sacred' truth, Sylvester presided by.fcis legates - and to Wmi i '? ? ; ere its acts sent for approbation and confirmation, he same took place at Ephesus, at Chalcecton, anil onstantinople. Nay, nioie, even during the darkest iurs of persecution and the ogea of martyrdom^ the ipremacy of the Pontiffs — while they- Were eri mbed alive by Paganism — was proclaimed and :ercised on occasion, the most trying and impor nt, and in the case of men fully aware of the rights ilonging to the Roman See by Divine appointment, id ready to resist any act of usurpation. The cond century had not gone out ere the first Victor [communicated the churches of Asia for obstinacy the erroneous celebration of Eastei. In the fol iwing century, St. Cyprian having erred at Car iage, Pope Stephen corrected his error; and the reat martyr bishop submitted to his decision. St. lionysius, the patriarch of Alexandria, having been sported to the Pope by several bishops as ot clearly orthodox on the Trinity, wrote a itter of explanation and apology to the Bishop f Rome. I may therefore conclude, from the eak and slender premises time allowed me to make, iat the authoritative acts of the Popes— the decrees nd proceedings of general and particular Councils, nd the writings of Fathers and Doctors, from Ire eus and Tertullian to the great Abbot of Clair eaux, make more clear than the sun in our bright lustralian sky the fact that the Popes, as successors f St. Peter, having received supreme authority ver God's children, from sea to sea — from the ising of the sun until the going down of the same, lence, it essentially belongs to their high and holy iffice to feed with true doctrine the sheep and lambs or whom the good shepherd laid down his life to end to the nation's seated in darkness the message if peace — to uphold against the tyrant's pressure or he seductions of the world and self interest the iiuid, wavering prelate— to chide the slothful pastor ind reward the zealous priest — to cheer ihe suffer ng confessor, and gather up for veneration the naityr's bones — to defend God's poor, or to conduct o Abraham's bosom the souls for whom Christ lied. How well and faith full y, in the absence of Christ in the far off country, his vice-regents have ;uarded the deposit of faith and dispensed ' the nysteries of God,' hiatoiy and the living nations vith all their praiseworthy institutions amply testify. To the Popes all the nations brought under the ,-oke of Christ Bince the angel of Patmos expired iwe the blessing of having seen the feet of them ' that preach the gospel of peace j' Celestine sent Patrick to Ireland, and from Erin Columbia went Forth to sanctify Hebrides ; Gregory the Great senj St. Augustine to the land of those mild and fait youths whose spiritual destitution touched his great heart, as they stood exposed for' sale in the Roman market-place; Amandes preached among the Corinthians, and Killian blessed with his blood F.anconia; Williband went to Friesland ; and the English Boniface, bearing with the energy oi Augustine and toiling zeal of Xavier, raised on, high the -cross in German-land. In later times, th( prodigy of his age — he of the intense bean, anc burning, consuming love — the great St. Francii Xavier, at the command of the vicar of Christ, nor India for Jesus ; and while dying alone and' un sheltered on the arid plains of Sancian — the angels chanting song's of victory over his holy remaius — the world was astonished to find that in a few years he had subdued a million hearts, and carried thi standard of Jesus where Alexander dared not enter In later times, a few Jesuit fathers moved in a smal bark along the waters of the majestic Rio de L: Platte, singing the sweet hymns of the churcl within sight of the martyred bodies of the firs missionaries. The unwonted sounds — the plaintivi solemn chant — softened the savage heart. God' grace descended on Paraguay ; it became an Edei under the dominions of the Jesuits ; but the devi' 'envying their happy state,' as that of ou first parents, effected the destruction of th Jesuits through the infidels and learne liberuls of Europe. But what has hap pencd to the churches that have broken wit Peter and separated from the chair of unity, an truth ? ' Divorced from the spouse of Jesus,' th curse ofsterility is upon them. With them, th spiritual authority has been merged in the tempora and Cajsar has becorr.e pontiff as well as king. Uc annointed and unsent intruders have taken th holy fire from the altar and used Mean's censo The national church, or members of Christ's bod; has been degraded into a. mere civil polity, and n duced to an aggregate of individuals withoi supernatural life or assistance to save and guic them. Ih a worn Christianity has lost for them i essential characteristic of Apostolicity, and babe - idiots — boys or girls — queens and kings — may enti where angels should fear to tread, and whither nor should come unles3 called (as /Eron was) and o: dained a priest 'according to the older of Melchi: edeck.' Rash and unscrupulous in denouncir the imaginary errors and crimes of the fond mothe from whom they are separated, their teachers ai impotent in the presence: of the stronger passion whereas Popes warn and terrify or struggle and d to conquer sin. When lascivious kings and mon ter rulers set at nought the Christiau law, whic declares the sanctity andindissolubility of marrisg the Popes presented the cross to the uplifted eye - the profligate, and in bold and fearless tones mac known to peer as well as peasant— to emperor i well as; feudal lord-— the will of God, ' to one an for ever, until the cold hand, of death break th sacred bonds.' To the 8th Henry of England, - the wife-slayer, Clement replied, ' He had but or soul to save, and could not afford to loose it - gratify bis headlong passions;' yet the;represer tative of that great nation applauded and aided tl ?monster when, he severed England by a swnrt cut from Rome to gratify his criminal, desire The brave and fearless Innocent shielded tl broken-hearted Ingelburga, and forced Phillip At gustus to bring back to his. home the injure lady. 'The first Nicholas and second Adrian ri proved and admonished the immoral Lothario, .an checked the impetuosity of a passion sweeping HI a torrent over the homes of the unprotected. W who live when the law can reach the debauches i high and low estate, can scarcely conceive the hie sing God sent His people in the person of the Pope when licentious monarchs and . nobles, despisin every restraint and fearing no power, aave the Papa unchained the most violent of the passions. 'If, said De Mestre, 'in the youth of northern natioi the Popes had not been able to terrify royal pasaio: princes, plunging from caprice to caprice and fro abuse to abuse, would have: ended by. establishit tha law of divorce and perhaps polygamy.' Ye only the Catholic Church, acting and sppakiri through the Popes has been able to tame and chani the wild and. strung passion; into., chaste .affectio and bring the heart under the soothing and gent influence, of perfect purity. She, commandiii voluntary celibacy, at het altars, has crushed wil the weight'of her cemure) and cast out of her sam tuaries the bold transgressors of a vow freely made and proclaiming to the world the excellence of vi ginal chastity on earth as in ? heaven, has wreaths with, her blessings the virgin iumate ot1 the cloistc But tjie monk of Wittenberge, having denounced ti jPapaoy as afuatujiaUon, and virginity as an imp.pi jsibility, could not consistently refute to aooedoi.l the request of the, Langrave of Hesse. He, in the wi name of religion, and as an extraordinary herald of F God sent to reform His church, approved the bi shameless indecencies of that Saxon prince, and to scandalized Christendom by permitting polygamy, ai The Popes not only mantained , the Christian code hi of morals and condemned immorality, but they held G aloft over the reach of error the revelations of God aa in all their divine beauty and purity, preserved the tc every heresy or every error in doctrine, and every q breach of Catholic communion, have been con- d demned by them. Every false prophet from Simon I Magus io Janserius, struck by their anatherilas, has a come to nought. Men have gone forth in every h age and nation, saying, 'Lo! here is the Christ . t! here is the light whidh, for years enveloped in the a darkness oi error and superstition, had nigh gone tl out, until God tent us to fan the expiring flame. '? - But the Popes resisted the seducers, refuted their ' heresiarchs, cut off the schismatics, and proclaimed, li ' as teachers in Israel having authority,' that there f' is but one gospel, to which man or angel dare not I add, and which man or angel cannot lessen or de- t 8troy. The charity of the Popes, or their compas- i sion for the helpless ones of Jesus, has equalled in i degree and intensity their heroic intrepidity in wit- a nessing to ' the faith once delivered to the saints.' e To them was the slave indebted for his , liberty, or t the amelioration of his sad lot. In 110', Alexander a III. — as said the standard bearer of French in fi- c delity, whose name I may not mention from this e pulpit— declared that all Christians ought to be ? '« exempt from slavery. ' This law,' he added, t ' ought to render his memory dear to all nations, - just as his exertions to sustain the liberty of Italy 1 must render his name precious to the Italians.' i Yea, from the days of Philemon to thoie of - Gregory XVI., the Popes have endeavoured to com- ' fort the slave in his sorrows and extort commisera- - tion from his master. They proclaimed his dignity ] as a brother of Christ, and applauded the heroism of - tboBe who, sharing their own ardent zeal, sold them- i selves to liberate the captive soldiers of the cross, i From the Popes, John of Matlia and Peter Nolasco sought and obtained approval and a blessing for the orders of Trinity and Mercy, established to redeem by money or exchange of self the captive Christian and restore him ' to his friends and sacred home.'1 But in all their labours of charity and zealous work ings to promote the holy interests of Christ, the Popes encountered at every step one relentless, un ; Scrupulous adversary, who seemed never to die nor . cease to hate. At one time he is bold and open in . his assaults ; at another time, insidious, subtle, and treacherous as the serpent in Eden. Now he pre , pares chains and sharpens his blood-stained swordf . to terrify; and again he uses blandishments, and1 promises kingdom, if the Popes would only descend from the throne on which the incarnate God seated them — -put on his livery, and hand to a usurper 'the keys of the kingdom of heaven.' Yes, the Czesars, both Pagan and Christian, or sovereigns 1 who would he both king and pontiff, have been, with few exceptions, always at war with the Popes. , For three centuries, the greatest monsters thut ever disgraced humanity, in succession hunted them like wild beasts, and ' allowed only two to die in their beds ;' but the Popes conquered, 'by the strength of martyrdom and the grace of God.1' At length Constantine, having embraced Christianity, stopped the flow of martyr's blood, and gave toleration to the church. His unworthy suc cessors — the imbecile rulers of Constantinople — being only intent on supporting their favorite heresies, and wasting their time in theological wranglings, while the barbarians plundered their unprotected subjects — the Popes, assailed and per secuted by them, flung off Caasar's assumed pro tectorate, fell back upon God's sustaining promise, defended ' the deposit of the faith,' and wsre in one of the darkest hours of the church's being, unani mously hailed by an afflicted people as their saviours and protectors, against both Greek and barbarian. Years rolled on ; and fierce combats. with an enemy as bitter, as wicked, and degraded, began. The German emperors presumed to ' con fer investiture of bishoprics and abbeys by rings and croziers — the symbols of spiritual authority.' Then God sent forth from the; cloisters of Cluni a hero, a' scholar, and a saint, and placed him in the chair of Peter, to unchain ' his spouse,' aod drive from the sanctuary Simonical intruders. For the rights and freedom of God's church, the great and good Hilderbrand, having loved justice and hated oppression, died in exile in a strange land. For the same great objectB the papal legates, Anselm and Peter Damian, contended : for them the immortal A'Beckett, strengthened and sustained by the Popes, bowed his noble brow to the stroke of the assassin, His Martyrdom won for himself eternal immunity from pain and temporary freedom for the church in England. At his tomb repentant Henry wept his crime, and, we hope, wa3 fbrgi»en. In succeeding ages the same battle has been going on, continued in modern times. by Joseph of Austria and the Corsican Attila. But in every struggle Peter has been vic torious — victorious over the Pagan and Bas empires, over Bourbon and German Kazier — victorious over that greatest soldier of modern times, whose last days were ohoered in his island prison by the charity and forgiving love of the wronged and insulted Pius VII. Have you ever deeply considered how, while man proposes chains and death for. the Bishops. of.Romej God mercifully and- wondrously disposes all things for their honour, their triumph, and their glory. Again and again, statesmen, writers, soldiers, despots, and Heresiarchs,, seeing or pretending to see in- the Papacy only human strength, human design,- and human policy, hopefully predict its ruin, and the downfall ot what they regard as the citadel of igno rance, slavery, and.superstition. To give only one instance: at Eisleben, about the year. 1516, in the banquet- hall of the Prince of Mansfeld- the leader of the German revolt against the Pope's supremacy, filled with, purest Rhenish wines, and., nearing his dishonoured grave, wrote with trembling hand oa the paitition, ' Pcstis eram.vivus moriens tua mors ero,1 O Papa.' — 'Living, 0 Pope! I ever was your bane, And dying, your destruction shall obtain.' Yet he, .like all the unrepenting enemies of Christ's vicar, went down in sorrow to the tomb — the Papacy yet surviving ; his followers are to this day few in deed, perhaps, not one faithful disciple of his could be found the earth over. His spirit of opposition to the Popes,. no doubt, lives in those, who blush fo1' his writings and his. crimes, or falsify and distort history to hia praise. Despite, however, the sword or tho pen — the soldier or the publicist, the states man or the infidel revolutionist — Peter's dynasty is as firmly seated over the ashes of paganism as in the days of Pepin and. the great Charles ; and the successor of the fisherman of Gallilee commands the love, the respect, and filial obedience of more, than two hundred millions, scattered overland and seas. Hard and severe things arc often, and have been said admit, of the Popes, in novel and pamphlet, in song and historic record ; crimes the most awful, .and habits the most vicious, arc so frequently laid to their charge in all the writings of the supporters of ' the Elizabethan Tradition,' that, in youth, misled by such writers, I believed pride, ambition, and grosser vices, had found, in not a few instances, their, way into the innermost sanctuarry of God's temple, iiitli, of course, told me the office is from God ; it its occupants, gifted with free will, and accessible the assaults of the world, the flesh, and the dlevi, are not impeccable— may fall to rise again in the humility of God.given repentance. But we bless rod in a land which has cradled the greatest advert tries of the Papacy. In Germany generous Pro testant Scholars — writers of great learning and un- questionable genius— have within our memory vin icatcd two of the most abused of the Roman ?ontiffii— Pontiffs represented as personifying pride nd ambition. Innocent III. and Gregory VII. iiive at last been cleared from the aspersions cast on them by the guilty sycophants of tyrants, robbers, and gross criminals ; and the world must now admit them to have been poor and fearless servants of God -the protector's of the weak against the Strong', of the poor of Christ against the oppressors of 'His little ones.' I shall now, considering trie wondrous fulfilment of our Redeemer's promise to the first pope, assert with all the hope history furnished, and the certainty faith gives, that it matters not how kings may rage against the Holy Roman and Apostolic Church — how infidels and heresiarchs may asperse the ' milk white kind,' and the wicked of faith and hell assail the Papacy — victory, glory, power, holiness, and truth will ever characterise and illustrate the Roman See. And tho unbroken chain of two hundred and fifty-one Bishops of Rome, elected and succeeding eaoh other under every variety. of circumstance — both when Rome ruled the world as well as when she was a province or in ruins — in defiance of chains and death — despite kings or kaisers, schismatics or heretics— whereas all human institutions and all dynasties lisa but to decay, and live only in history's page — must' afford, to those who think deeply and judge calmly, a splendid evidence that God specially guards and preserves Ihe chair of Peter. And men, be they children or sworn foes, must ' look to the Papacy its the rock which rears itself unshaken amidst the ' beating surges of time.' 