Domestic & Colonial News. TIIE SISTERS OF MERCY. Reception of a Postulant. ON Wednesday morning the interesting and impressive ceremony of the reception of a postulant was perfunpied in the ca- thedral of St Francis, Lonsdaie- street. The Right Rev. the Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne officiated, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick aud other dignitaries of the Catholic Church. The name of the fair novice elect, who so early had resolved to renounce all the pleasures, sympathies, joys, and sorrows of this world, and to devote herself to a life of stern self-denial, and seclusion from society, was Mis3 Kate Collins, which worldly name she exchanged fir the sim- ple appellation of "Sister Mary." We were informed that this young lady has a sister who for some time past ha3 been a member of the order of Our Lady of Mercy, and that another of her sisters is at the present time a boarder being edu- cated at that establishment. Ten o'clock was the time fixed for the commencement of the ceremony, and in a few minutes after, the procession entered the Cathedral in the following order :— A Sister of Mercy, bearing the Cross. Postulants, two and two dressed in white, with wreaths of fowors on their heads. Novices. Professed Religious. Mother Assistant. Novico elect. Mother Superior. — .-.Acolytes---" — — - iViustd. Chaplain. '-Bishop. Chaplain. ' The novice elect was very pale, and her countenance betrayed traces of great ox- haustion, and of severe jnontaf agt Efiori. She wa3 dressed- entirely in white,- the dress was covered with, rich lace, and a wreath of orange blossoms was bound around her head. -Whilst the procession was forming the novice elect knelt to re ceive the blessing of the mother superior, aud the name she \va3 henceforth to beat in her new position. .'The procession having been formed . proceeded to the choir, the mother superior holding the novice by the right hand, the cantors al the same time singing the hymn, " C ' Gioriosa." Having arrived at the step: of the sanctuary, the mother superior am novice genuflected. before the blessed Sa crament, after which the mother superior and the mother attendant retired to their places, leaving the novice upon her knees. The. Bishop, having arrived at the altar, had the crozier and mitre taken away by the attendant, and the hymn having been concluded, he sang the following versicle and prayer : — " Ora pro nek, sancta De-i genitrix, ut digna efficiatuv promissionibus " Christi." The intervening portion of the ritual having-been performed, the Bishop blessed the wax candle which had been laid upon the epistle side of the altar. A . further prayer followed, after which the novice, supported by the mother superior and the-mcther assistant, advanced to the altar, where, after kissing the candle and the hand of the Bishop, she received the candle and returned to her place. The Bishop then putting incense into the thurible, blessed it, sprinkled the candle . with holy water and- incensed it, and be ing seated, wearing his mitre and holding the crozier in his left hand, he presented the candle lighted to the novice :elect, re peating at the eame. time the prayer com mencing " Accipe, fiilia clarissima lumen \- corporate." The novice retired, and im mediately advanced again to the Bishop, who -interrogated her as to . whether she demanded the holy habit of religion of her =-c.wn free. will. (This mode of procedure was somewhat different from thai ordi narily adopted, as, according to the order directed by the ritual of the ceremony of reception, the sermon should be preacned between the novice receiving the caudle and her examination by the Bishop. In this instance, however, the sermon was not delivered . until the conclusion of the cerrnouy.) The interrogation having been concluded, tho mitre was taken otf the Bishop, who rose aiid repeated, " Qttoil Djnsiii to iucoapit, ipio pcrfieiat." " Exeat te Doiniuus votarem honiiucm'cuni actibus 3uis," the novice answering, amen. Lmmedi- ' - ately after this she genuflected, and re- tiro 1, conducted by the mother assistant and superioress, to put oil the secular dress. The novice having left the choir, tho Bishop blessed the habit which she was to assume, sprinkling it with holy water, repeating " Domitius vobiscum, et cum spiritu tuo." Sutne other prayers -were then repeated, and the celebrant having also blessed the veil, that and the habit was conveyed by one of the religious to the novice elect. As the novice re-entered the,. Choir, having assumed the habit, &c.;, of the or, lor, the c.iutor.s sung " Qu® est ista," and the bishop turning towards the po3- . tulant, made the sign of the cross over her. The Bishop then sat down, and < having resumed his mitre, the postulant advanced, and knelt before him at the altar, handing her candle at the same time to the mother assistant. She theu race ved the cincture from the Bishop, kissed the Bishop's haud, and the cincture, and ris ing presented it, bowing to the superioress, who girded her with it. After " cum esses junior," the novice knelt while the Bishop veiled her, saying " Accipe velum caftdidum." The completion of the re ligious clothing of the novice being ef fected, she genuflected, and receiving the caudle from the mother-assistant, retired ind knelt down. . She then, having been sprinkled with holy water, retired a few steps, and sung alternately with the ;antors " Eructavit cor meum verbum bonum : dico ego opera mea regi," &c.; All knelt down, and the cantors sung " Veni Creator Spiritus." This hymn being finished, the clergy and religious rose and turned to the altar ; the novice remaining prostrate while the Bishop re peated the "-Eyrie eleison," and other forms. He then sprinkled the novice with holy water, upon which she rose, made a genuflection to the Holy Sacra- meut, embraced the superioress and the religious, received her candle, and took her place among the religious. During this the cantors sung, " Ecce quam bo- num," which finished the ceremony. The Rev. Dr. Barry preached a sermon suitable to the occasion, taking for h'.3 text the la3t five verses of the 10th chap ter of Luke. The benediction was then pronounced, and the congregation separated. — Mel bourne Age. Dentliquix. — Mr.MichaelA.McKenna" has been appointed Registrar of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, for the district of Deniliquin, vice Mr. Edward Thomas Lindsey. New Zealand. — The War ln Tara- naki. — Intelligence has been received from Taranaki to the 30th 'March. An other engagement had taken place at Warieka. It is calculated that upwards of six hundred natives were engaged with the troops and militia, and tliat some sixty of them have been -slain, among whom are four of their principal chiefs, and many more wounded. " The following is the . list of -the casualties on the side of the British force: — Kilted: Sergeant Fu- hey, Militia; Millard, -Marine. Wounded: Lieutenant Blake, Niger; Lieutenant Hammerton, Volunteer Rifles; F. Raw- son, W. Oliver, -W. Messenger, sen., I'ope, Ciimo, Inch, Hawkan. The Government .Gazette notifies the following appointments : — Geo. O'Malley Clarke and Jame3 Houghton Latigston Scott, Esqs., sub gold-commissioners, to be magistrates of the territory ; George O'Malley Clarke,' Esq. (clerk of petty sessions at Goulburn), and Jas. Houghton Langston Scott, Esq. (clerk of petty ses sions . at Kerapsey), to be sub comtnis- "stoneiri'oT got'd'"'fre?cfe7"'€re<5rg'e'-'-€>lMftlley- Clarke, .Esq., and James Houghton Langston Scott, Esq., to he officers for the purpose of determining the extent and \- pj57tt3n-oPths,-elajm3-t-e"Trd?kb-a«ype73o»- or company-is entitled, under any miners' right, lease, or license, issued under the provisions of the Act and for -marking such extent. Sat.urd .y's Empire has the following: — In connection -with a case brought before the Police dBench on Thursday, and which stands remanded . until Tuesday next, iMr. Moffat, who appeared for Abraham Malabar, . the defendant, .made a very 'extraordinary statement to the Bench. He said that about twelve months since Malabar was. possessed of., a large sum of money in the 'bank, and was in duced by Mr. Brenan, then his attorney, to lend -to ln3' 6on, the High Sheriff of the colony the -sum of £1200, taking from him what was said to b8 (for lie can neither read nor write) a promissory note at twelve months' date for repayment of the sum, with interest; subsequently, dis putes arose' between Malabar -and his wife, in consequence whereof - she broke open, a bux in which he kept his valuables, and rifled it of a considerable sum in money and title deeds of property ; about five months since, Mr. Brenan, fur -some purpose or other, asked to see the pro missory note -before referred to, which, when returned, was altered into a pro- misory note at two years' date. Malabar is "now completely destitute, not being able to- realise upon his property because of the retention of the dee. Is by his wife, aud having no claim upon the Sheriff un til the maturity of the note. He thought, however, that neither Mr. Brenan nor his sou would, under the circumstances, allow the old man — now eighty years of age — to go to gaol for want of funds to comply with the order of Court. He, therefore, asked for a lew days pistpouement. Despatches have -.been received, inti mating the iutentionof the home Govern ment -to -continue the mail steamers, calling at Kangaroo' Island. Albury Races. — Maiden Plate, £100: Banjo, 1 ; Bruin, 2. Border Plate, a sweep of £20, with £200 added (a gift of the Dramatic Club): Mr. Keighran'3 Tranby, 1 ; Mr. Connolly's Huntsman, 2. Border St. Leger of - £75 : Mr. Lang's Banjo, 1 ;'Mr. Kennedy's Half-caste, 2. Publicans' Purse- of £100 : Mr. Bowler's Junius, 1 ; Mr. Connolly's Huntsman, 2. Trial Stakes of £50: Mr. McAlister's Ilolyhock, 1; Mr. Bowler's Reform, 2. Town Plate, a sweep of £10, with £150 added : Mr. Keiglir.m's Tranby, 1 ; Mr. Dickie's Bother'em, 2. The Consolation Stakes, a sweep of £3, with £30 added: Bother'em, 1 ; Mr. Darby's Emerald, 2. The Forced Handicap, a sweep of £5, with £30 added, fell to the ground for want of sufficient entries. Maitland, Friday, April 13. — This week of fearful excitement in Maitland has at length nearly come to a close. Easter Monday passed oft' very quietly, and being a general holiday scarcely any business was done. On Tuesday the magistrates at East Maitland, West Maitland, and Morpeth, were engaged nearly the whole day in swearing in special constables, and as those were the principal business men of the three towns, trade was again sus pended. It may be remarked that scarce!y any refused to answer the summons, for out of upwards of two hundred in West Maitland, only seven did not appear, and these are to be brought before the court on Monday next. On Wednesday morn- ing, by ten o'clock, the whole of the specia. constables were on the ground where-Jlit public meeting as to "Freedom of Speech' was to take place ; the mounted trooper: and police from Sydney being in readiness at the Rose Inn. This meeting went of with great quietness, not a single speaket having been interrupted, but in genera listened to with an almost deatli-liki silence. Notwithstanding the multitude: that had come from every pai-t of tin district, in an hour or two after th meeting was over the streets presented their usual quiet appearance, and we do not think that a single drunken man was apprehended. On Thursday' morning, Archbishop Polding and some priests ar- rived by the train, and the Pastoral Ad- dress, which you have already published, was freely circulated throughout the town immediately on his arrival. At ten o'clock the special constables assembled at the Free Church, where Mr. M'Intyre's lecture had been announced to be given ; but o'.ving to the dense crowd, which was fully equal to that of Wednesday, an ad journment, took place to the hustings in Mr. Tuck's paddock, where the public meeting had been held. The meeting wa3 opened with prayer by the Rev. Mr. Mayne, and during - the lecture, which iasted for nearly three hour.3, not a single interruption took place. The multitude then quietly dispersed. The subjects in- troduced were the usual controversial topics brought forward on such occasions. —S. M. Herald's Correspondent. Test of Flour. — Mr. C. Goodey, of Paddington Mill, has sent us (Herald) the follcwing hints as to the best method of observing the quality of fl.mr. He says : First look at its colour — if it is white, with a slightly yellowish or straw coloured tint, it is a good sign; if it is very white, with a bluish cast or with black specks in it, the flour is not good. Examine its adhesiveness; wet and knead a little of it between the fingers. If it works dry and elastic, it is good ; if it works soft and sticky, it is poor. Flour made from an inferior quality of wheat is likely to be sticky. Throw a handful of dry flour against a dry smooth perpen- dicular surface — if it adheres in a lump, the flour has life in it ; if it falls like powder, it is bad. Squeeze some of the flour in your hand—if it retains the shape given by pressure, that too is a good sign. Mr. Augustus Dreutler, Consul for Bremen and Lubeck, one of the oldest and most respected of the resident Ger- man merchants of Sydney, as well as one of the oldest members of the consular corps, died on Tuesday night, and was buried on Thursday. A man named Edmund Jarvis was on Thursday burnt to death at Colombo, near Braidwood. The deceased got up in the night and drank a bottle of rum, and in the morning was found rolling and moving in the fire-place, so dreadfully charred that he died a few hours after- wards. Me. Richard Jones's Retirement. — The only cause assigned by rumour for ''tlre'"r<;tiFefnenro? about to enter largely into squatting ope- rations in the extreme northern districts of Queensland, in partnership with Mr. Edward Flood. .The-nomitiation of a member of Par- liament-for the Huuter,.in room of/Mr. Jone3, is fixed for the 23rd, and the. poll ing day. for the 25th instant. New Post-office. — A post-office has been established at Russell's station, be tween Ccoma and Kiandra. Parties . re siding .at the above-named .places are therefore .recominenclell" To advise their correspondents . to address their letters and newspapers accordingly, to ensure their beinu duly forwarded. '.New Postal Routes. — The under- ! mentioned tenders for the conveyance of tho post-office mails during the periods specified have been accepted : — Southern Road — Thomas Moran : — By one or more horse vehicle,; tind 011 .horseback, : to aud from Queanbeyan and Lanyon, twice a week,. from -1st April, "I860, to 31st De cember, 1860, for £120, being for the nine mouths of 1860, £51-8s. ; and 5s. for every seat required by Government other than those for postal inspectors and mail guards. Thomas Moran :— -By one or more horse vehicle, and 011 horseback, to and from Cooma and Kiandra, via Russell's7, once a week, from 1st : April, 1360, to 31st December, 1860, for£400, being for the n'rie months of 1860 £171 8s. 6d. ; 20s. per seat for the con veyance of escort and gold. between Rus sell's . and Cooina, and 30s. per -seat if conveyed between Cooma and Kiandra. Gold conveyed gratis, and 14 lb. weight of luggage allowed- each person,- 3d. .per lb. being charged for any additional lug gage. Patrick Forbes : — On horseback to and from Yass and Gtm laroo, twice a w/eek, from. 1st April,. 1860, to 31st De cember, 1860, at the rate of £80 per' annual, being for the nine months of 1860 £60. James Clifford : — On horse back t j and from Lang's Crossing-place and Deniliquin, once a week, from 1st April, 1860, to 31st December, I860, for £400, being for the nine months of.1800 £171 8s. 6d. Albury Bridge. — We nderst and t at Mr. Bennett, chief road engineer for the New South Wales Government, is now iu, Albury for the. purpose of settling mat ters connected with the new bridge across the Murray. He has v/e believe pointed out to the contractor the site upon which a commencement shall be made, -and the works will now be proceeded with imme diately, most of the piles and timbers of the lower framing having already been prepared .by the contractors. We are now informed that the time for complet ing the bridge is the 1st of March, in stead of January, as previously an nounced. Mr. Bennett is also surveying the ground for the approaches on the Al bury side. — -.Border Post. ' Another Murray Bridge. — Rumour says it is in contemplation to form a cam- puny, for the purpose of erecting a bridge over the Murray, at Wahgunyuh. .It is 1 to be hoped that whatever bridges are erected down river may lie fixe I upon some plan not likely to interfere with the , future navigation of- the. river. — Ibid. : Serious Accident. — On Sunday morn- 1 ing last, Mr. Edward White, while riding through the bush on the north side of the river, met with an accident which had 1 nearly cost him his life. His horse ran t ugaiust a tree, aud the rider received so ' violent a stroke in the head as to pro-' 5 duee concussion of the brain. We are 1 happy however to learn that Mr. White, f though for some time in a very precarious r" condition. -is now out of danger. — Wagga 1 Wagga Express. Robbery. — On Tuesday last, a miner named Tollard was camped midway be- tween Yarrangobilly and the Big Hill, on his journey toward the Reef; about seven o'clock in the evening whilst light- ing his fire, and proceeding to make him- self comfortable, he was accosted by four men with blackened faces and armed with revolvers, who in very polite phraseology told him to shell out — a remonstrance that he ventured, upon the score that he was a poor man, was of little avail — for one standing over him with his weapon, two proceeded by force to search him, taking, one ten, one five-pound note, four sovereigns, and about twenty shillings worth of gold dust. Having cleared him out they coolly caught his horse, replaced his saddle and swag upon its back, and setoff on their journey — leaving him in a far from comfortable frame of mind. On the Thursday evening, to his surprise he found his horse grazing with saddle and everything complete, just as taken away from him, about one and a half miles from Tumut. The poor fellow reached the Reef on Saturday, and was compelled to sell his horse, &c.;, to pro- ceed upon his journey. — Mining Journal. Mr. Faucett Dead Beat. — At the Maitland Circuit Courl, in a case of tres pass, Mr. Faucett, (who appeared for -the plaintiff) in cross-examining a witness for the defence, (who -wis a -watchmaker,) after trying in vain to shake his evidence, as a last resource wished to make it ap pear: that the eyidctiee ofothe witness ( who was a material one) cou! ! not .be taken, on the score of respectability; when the following dialogue ensued : — Mr. Fauci- It.— How l mg have you been in the colony ? Witness. — Thirty years next 'July. Witness. — Then you are a native. Witness.— Yes. Mr. 'Fuueett.--Why didn't you say so ? Witness.— Recntrec you did not ask me. You asked mo ltow long-I had been ill the colony, and'I told you. MrV. Faucett. — H >w long have you been iu Maitland'? 'Witness. — Two years nnd a-half. "Mr. Faucett — Where we e .you before -you came. to Maitland? Witness. — In Wind-or. Mr. Faucett. — How long were you in Windsor? Witness. — Three years. Mr. Faucett. — Where were you before you went to Winds r? Witness. — Sydney, Melbourne, Geelong, Adelaide, llobart Town, Lnunceston, More- ton Bay, Bathurst, Goulburn, Yass; in fact all over the col ny. iMr. Faucett. — Have v-m been .-in any particular place in tlieee places ? Witness. — lit. all particular places ,- what "p"artie(tlarplawrdr'-rot»-mea>>? Mr. 'Faucett. — Were you ever in Wool- loom- 10I00? Yes ; I lived in Cr wn-street. mMt4"FatrcerE=I"rtT)ijVm»vi7rrh?rtr— Wert you ever in Dnrlinghurst qaol? 'Witness. — lYes.; several .ti ties. Mr;. Faucett (in his highest falsetto) — Now, sir, on your oath, what were. y..u in Dar- linghutr.t gaol for? Wituess.-J went- every Monday to wind tile clock. ' Mr. Faueett'fell in his seat overpowered amid the roars of the court, -his llonot joining. His Honor.— Any more questions ? Mr. Isaacs (so'.tv'ouce) — Don't try .again Faucett. Mr. Faucett (to witness) —You can go —Bell's Life. Catholic Pastoral Address.' — Th< following . ad-dress has l-eea issued hi Archbishop Folding 1 1 tiie Catholics o Maitland and the neighbouring districts:— " Dearly Beloved.— \V« lisve heard, with great pain, of the' rouer.t disturbance in Muit- i.inil, caused by til- outrageous insult offered to our Church by a speaker at a late public meeting. Wo do not wonder at your feelings' of anger; for wu know well, though perhaps the world does not know,- that Catholics feel more acutely au insult to their faith and Church than an attack upon themselves per sonally. It is the natural result of a true, living faith. But, dearly beloved, ivo would lain .have see- all of you choose the nobler part, and so shame your assailant by endur ing your wrong in siiunc . In truth, you little know to -what extent ignorance of Catholic doctrine nnd practice prevails amongst even educated men who ere not Catholics; and if you could see into tiie minds of our assailants, you would heboid blunders -mid confusion in their ideas of our Church that would provoke rather your -mirth- than your anger, -llow- evei'.-ur'e-Hi'e.uut..pi'opi»siiig to-urge such con siderations upon yon ; lint nt once to carry your -til. nights back to the scenes .which, during tho-lust lioiy week, have been occu pying yoitr thoughts, and to bid yon over come natural resentment by looking anew on tiie example of Him who hn.-e with patience the extremity of wrong, -aiui-iiisult, and blas phemy. for our sokes, and that we might he iuiitat'osof Him. This imitation is what lie .would have IV0111 us — what He chooses as the proof -of our love. -Let 110 one say that Catholics have refused this proof. .The very depths of worldly slmme and degradation — tile crosi aud its ignominy— resulted, you know, iu the clciriiis of Easter: aud now every kni'o bow i at the name of him -who was once the scorn and outcast of num. i od the life of our blessed Lord is ever being lived over again -in his Cmtrcli. Only do not yon mar God's blessing by refusing to receive and to hear with patience this little cross of insult. Ton may nenp coals of fire upon your ins lilant, by showing that you value, indeed, the external honour of your Lord's Church, but that you embrace and value more highly that mind of Christ which lie came to form in His true followers. Jesus autsm tarebat " Jesus'liold'f lis peace;" this was .VI iitett for your instruction, and to show what manner of men lie would have you to he when misrepresentation, and wrong, and blasphemy are at their worst. Leave God to avenge His own cause. Let no one per suade you that any good, no, no not eveu of worldly credit, can cotuo of anger and vio lence. "Peace, good order, Christian patience — these must lie your watebword. as you arc true Christians, Man are afraid, it is said, that there ui.iy lie a breach of peace and go. d order-in Maitland; Wo are not so afraid, for we feel nsaurod: that yon will have uothing'to do with xuoh outbreak, because you value too highly the honour of God add -of His Church. .Wo are followers of- One who \yiis culled by tintuos worse than tho name .if heathen. B- ymt His truo chil dren ; and the more any one, f i-ni ignorance or malice, -charges your und your 'buret! with A .iikr.,.i.a, I i y e: s i much tho more comp-l all men, hy yntir conduct, to ackiimvl.-il ; t'i it y nt have this Christ-ukc tempers of puitc-fiiiness ami love, nnd long- Rulforing patience in your hearts. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Ciirist, and tho charity of Gial, mid the communion of ths Holy Ghost, he with you all. Amen. "X Jons lictiE, Archbishop of Sydney. ' Wednesday. 14 >ster Week, lS'oU." 