RoCKLEY. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Some weeks have passed since I last wrote to you ; since which time the population at the surrounding diggings has been steadily but still only slowly decreasing, and I am informed that those who have remained here, have no reason to be dissatisfied with their resolution. My opinion of the Campbell's River diggings is still, what it has always been, viz : that thay offer a fair field for employment to a large number of diggers, satisfied with a moderate, but certain return for their labours. I fancy, that in our neigh- bourhood, the Snowy River fever is abating a little ; perhaps in consequence of the dis- couraging accounts with respect to Kiandra, &c.;, published in late papers, and partly owing to the return of several parties whose account of those diggings is anything but a good one. I have myself yesterday seen and conversed with three practical diggers, who started for the Snowy some months ago, and have just returned ; they have lost nearly their all in the venture, and were but too glad to come back to our quiet neighbourhood, where they may be pretty certain of at Ieast always earn- ing fair average wages. A GHOST.— Aye, gentle reader, a veritable ghost ! ! There is some, five, or six miles from here a locality, named Back Creek, where about 100 or 150 Chinese and a small number of Europeans are engaged in digging pursuits. It appears that some evening late last week, a Celestial was quietly standing at a little dis- tance from his tent, communing with his own thoughts, when lo ! there appeared before him a figure, so strange and awful that John was was rather startled out of his propriety and was filled with terror and consternation. The apparition was far above the human height and was accompanied by a rumbling noise, like distant thunder, and a most unearthly flavour of brimstone (at least so John avers, but then seeing that the poor fellow was fairly frightened out of his wits, I, for my part do not think much reliance is to be placed upon his statement. However, be that as it may, the apparition was there decidedly, right in front of John ; neither of them moving— neither of them speaking, until the Chinaman, who in his first fright had lost even the use of his tongue, set up a most dismal noise, at the same time cutting away as fast as his feet would carry him. Then, too, did the ghost grunt or rather roar, and with one gigantic stride he overtook the poor fel- low, whose hair— some say his very pigtail,— stood erect with fright and horrible to relate, clasped him thrice in his arms or claws, what- ever they were, at each embrace well-nigh strangling him. By this time, the noise had attracted some of the unhappy wight's coun- trymen, who however stood terror- stricken and were not at all inclined to cope with the dreadful apparition. The ghost, nothing daunted, forthwith charged another Celestial and repeated, the same endearments, where upon the whole mob scampered off to a respect- able distance. On turning the ghost had vanished into thin air ; at least they could see nothing, and after having waited some time in fear and trembling they returned to their tents—though not I dare say in a very pleasant state of mind. But after a whlle the charac- teristic valour of our Celestial friends showed itself in a brilliant manner ; all sorts of arms were fetched forth, pistols, revolvers and guns were produced, loaded and fired off in the air, and (it was a moonlight night) at every shadow presenting itself. All this splendid display of valour, had I am glad to say, the desired effect, that of frightening the ghost, who did not put in any further appearance ; but the result was, that early next morning a number of Chinamen deserted the Back Creek for some more congenial spot. Such is the story of a ghost, which I have heard from reliable authority, but mind, not having been an eye witness of the occurrence, I do not vouch for it. RACES AT SUMMERHILL. — The races adver- tised by Mrs. Butler to take place at Summer hill on the 1st of August, came off on that day. The attendance was not so good as could be desired, but some of the races were contested with considerable spirit, some of the prizes I understand being carried off by Mr. Cheshire's chesnut horse and Mr. T. M'Gurren's Grey horse. NEW STORES. — For some years Rockley has had an excellent store, Mr. Budden's establish- ment. Three or four weeks ago, Messrs. Newman and Hornby opened another, a branch of their Bathurst house and now we have yet another ; Mr. Aldred's Pepper's Creek Store, a neat and commodious building, and I believe very well stocked. Three stores ! to— well nevermind I won't count the number of houses in Rockley, but decidedly, this is a go-a- head township ! En passant, I thing our wor- thy storekeepers have all got intensely patri- otic of late, the fronts of their respective shops being one and all profusely decorated with the red, white and blue (I mean in the shape of blankets). THE NATIONAL SCHOOL which was estab- lished some two months back continues to flourish, notwithstanding some strenuous efforts have been made to thwart the under- taking in the very beginning. Thanks be to the sound sense of the great majority of our good folks here, narrow-minded prejudice has for once been foiled in its object. Mr. M'Cann, the Inspector of National Schools, visited the school some days ago, and I think I can safely say, that the result of his inspection, &c;, has not by any means proved unsatisfactory. FATAL ACCIDENT.— A fatal accident occurred on Saturday last at a place near the Isabella river, to a man, called Thomas Flahey, who was killed by a fall or kick from his horae.The Coroner accom- panied by Dr. Wilkinson passed through Rockley yesterday on his way to hold an inquest on the body. P.S. — I am happy to say that upon further enquiry I am enabled to clear up at least to a certain extent the mysterious occurrence noticed above. The whole affair is said to have been simply a hoax, got up for the purpose of frightening some of the Chinese off the ground, certainly a novel and rather ingenious dodge, but as to its propriety the less said the better I opine. Though I have trespassed upon your space far above the usual limits, I have opened my letter again for the purpose of laying at rest fears and surmises of timid old ladies of both sexes. August 7th, 1860. 