?SERMON OF DR. CAHILL. ? ... THE WORD OF GOD. '?''?? ( Froth the Irish American.) ? On Sunday evening last, Rev. Dr. Cahill preached at St. Mary's Church, Grand-street, a sermon, on '.The Word of God.' The interior of thesacred edifice was crowded to its utmost capacity, and triany were obliged to go away who could not obtain admission at all. Within the sanctuary railing were n number of the Catholic clergy, among whom we noticed Archdeacon M'Carron (pastor of St. Mary's), Rev. Messrs. Bbyce, M'Nierney, M'Evoy, Quitm, Brennan, M'Clcllan, Curran, M'Aleer, Murphy, Daly, and. others whose names we could not ascer tain. At half-past seven o'clock,, the Rev. Dr. Cahill ascended the altar and commenced his discourse, amid the breathless attention of his audience, taking for his text St. Mark, chap, iv, v. 1, 20 :— THE PARABLE OP THE SOWER. The most beautiful parable of the whole rolume : exquisitely executed ! You cannot find four speci mens of soil, to which He has called your attention, vlithout being struck with what He places before us as the classification of Christian mankind under that beautiful image. It has been exquisitely executed by his own pen — a Ies3on spoken by His own lips ; and I really feel an additional pleasure in reading Hisown wordsi Of course the words of St. Paul and other writers were inspired by the Holy Ghost. They held the pen, no doubt, but it was the Holy Ghost who wrote the words: His own equal to be sure — the third person of the Trinity, and there fore it is precisely of the same value as the language of the Father and the Son ; but I always like to read the words of my brother, Christ. The first idea that is given is of the man who represents the highway, where not a grain of seed can grow. Then there is the rocky man, who would like to be reli gious but for his interests, or his passions. In the time of tribulation and persecution he gives up the Word, when his pocket and his flesh are touched. Then there is the thorny man — the man of the world. Then there is the good seed, eo magnificently des cribed, some of which will produce thirty-fold, forty fold, sixty-fold and one hundred-fold, according to the way that we cultivate the soil. This parable He holds up before the eyes of every friend of Christianity, and it will be read by all, unborn men, and coming generations, and the great principles of our duty to God, to ourselves, and our neighbours will be taught and understood. We may forget them, and we often do. If we look every day over our heads upon the blue vault of Heaven, we behold the providence of God carved in capitaHctters with' 'his own right hand. But we forget it. Every shower of rain is a paragraph of His providence ; every river that flows is a mark of His kindness ; every tree is a proportion of His extended wisdom . Who recognises them » Very few, although looking at it every day with our eyes wide open. No one could suppose that a man could forget that one text that I have read, except from carelessness ; but the cares of the world, the lusts of the flesh, the tempt ations of society, and our own passions prevail ; and ?we require now and then to call to mind the splen didly executed lessons and pictures to which I will call your attention, in order that -ve may keep our selyes in the straight way of salvation. 'Now, the text that I have read show3 that unleBS yon have a good soil no crop can be produced upon it. . The greatest orator of this age-will be unable to produce any effect upon you unless the soil be culti vated by yourselves. If the seed be cast upon the high way, it is in vain. If it be upon the rock, nothing can be expected from you. You are in a wrong position ; and, therefore, you are to understand one frreat lesson -from this Gospel, namely, that your salvation is in your own hands. This you must ac complish by making yourself like the good soil, and ao- cultivate it that it will produce thirty, sixty, and one hundred-fold. This Gospel is a great lesson also to the priest. It shows that, with all his zeal, with all his prudence and activity— all his desire to promote the spiritual and temporal welfare of his parishioners— he cannot have more success than his Divine Master gives him. That is the parable. The picture presented by the Gospel is teal, graphic, andintelligible.-when'He presents the four specimens of soil. Every city, town and hamlet in Christen dom presents these four specimens to your view. Dearest brethren, this is the subject to which I /would call your attention. I have but justglanced at what I am going to eay to you. I hope you will bear with me in silence while I discuss this whole subject. And, first, in relation to the highway soil, there is no mistake in what He says ; and will you -be'pleased to recollect His words, when Ho talks of that soil being imperfect, and producing., no crop— 'Hearing,' he said, ' they did not understand, and nopinir. thev did not nerceive.' A cuise 1 That is a .most awful phrase. There never waB anything so , graphic as those few words. When a man hears the ' Word and does not understand it, ho does not know the value of the Word, and, as he does not know the value of the Word, he does not take care of it. Not reaohing the soul, the soul derives no benefit from ? it. He tramples the Word under foot— not taking care of the Word, its fertility is destroyed, and so it is unable to produce one single grain of Christiau merit. He may have moral merit, but the seed is .to:produce a Christian crop, and. where it is all ; trampled under foot and carried away by the ' emissaries of Satan— represented by the birds of the 'air— suoh asoil cannot produce one grain of Chris - '. tian merit. A person maybe highly oducated, he : may bo a finished and refined gentleman, a man of ' delicate and refined sensibilities, with nothing gross in the composition of his character : but, if the seed : be. not sown in good ground, all his talents and : address will avail nothing. I think I havo seen men ' in'whora everything grew. excepting the seed of tho Gospel. He cannot produce without seeu the thing that can only grow from the seed. Education may be uiven bv a nosture master, but not salvation. ' Language may be given to him by a professor, but not happy immortality. There nevor was such a ? mistake as to expect one grain of Christianity from ? such a man. He has not got the seed — the first . principle out of which Christianity can grow, although independently of that there is everything in his character which is affable, courteoui, polished, and gentlemanly: he is the model of every society into which he enters, but still he wants one thing— the seed of the gospel, by which alone crime and in ifidelity can be prevented. What creatures we are ! Our salvation is a3 much in our own hands as in the hands of Christ. What is the use of the sowing of the seed on the rock ? What is the advantage of seed to us if we be the highway ? Therefore, the singular question . presents itself to tho mind, that we receive the seed, and have the keeping of our own souls ai much in our bands as the Father of the Universe — &s; Christ who- saved us, in giving us the seed of the Gospel. St. John has beautifully illustrated this, and all I could say would be in vain in comparison with one of his texts — 'The light shone in darkness, and the darkness did not com prehend it.' Did you ever hear such, an image as that? Would you think it impossible that the light could shine in darkness, and the people could not see it ? The very darknesB wan not illuminated by it. The effect of the light which was to make everything visible around, cannot be seen, for the darkness is too thick. ' The light shone in dark ness, and the darkness did not comprehend it.' It was the want of the eye of Faith, which alone can see it. On the 25th of December, when midnight rolled in its central course through the blue vault, He was born : and thousands and hundreds of thousands of angels spread their wings over Bethlehem, and rent the skies with loud acclamations, saying ' it was He :' and all Judea was asleep ! From the time of Moses up to that time — from the year 2436 up to His birth — they read it and did not understand it. They thought the coming King was to be a great temporal prince. The blue vault was rent by the loud acclamations of angels — and Judea was asleep ! They did not hear it! The shepherds heard the song of the celestial harmony ; Jerusalem was deaf. Is it not so? The kings came from the East, directed by a star in the sky : and the high-priest was blind! Fact! No theory! It' was the stern reality of the parable. ' The light shone in dark ness, and the darkness did not comprehend it.' Two thousand years ! See the result. At his death it was the same. When He looked to His Father, the moment He expired on the Cross, and when His lips uttered the words, ' It is finished,' those words had scarcely expired in His divine mouth when all heaven resounded with -man's redemption : hell moaned and wept: the dead nioso, and the grave heard the words, ' it is finished :' the sun grew dark, and the whole of creation felt something like the last pulsation of existence. And the Jews wagged' their heads and called him an impostor : a male ?factor: - ' the - 5ig3-t - »t»one in darkness, -and ; tKe . darkness did not comprehend it.' I tell you that the case, as applied to the Jewish nation, is eqnally. applicable .to. individuals. How many. there are who hear the Word of God, and do not under stand it. . God sometimes follows such, a man with surprising graces. Others he leaves to their fate. The first thing he does with a man of this kind' is to give him a long life : He will allow him to grow whiter and whiter, toothless, blind, deaf, bent by age: with a faithful wife, virtuous daugh ters and obedient sons ; and yet he does not bend his knees to God at night ; hearing the Word of God and not understanding^ ! He may possess a high position in society, with abundant wealth, kind to every one with whom he comes in contact ; he goes forth to meet the world, mindful of everybody but Christ — keeping his accounts correct, associating with his companions in the Customhouse, faithful to his bills, and keeping his word with everybody but God — not thanking Him for his protection of himself or family, for his life or hope of salvation. There are many men like that. God allows him to live hoping that he will turn to Him : and if he will not, He will touch his flesh. He sees all his com panions drop away, one by one, until he stands like an old oak in the forest without a branch upon it, without a tree around him, all torn away by the terrors of the tempest. In another instance God will strike him with palsy, reduce his very flesh, and make him a living skeleton before society. God says — ' I will now come near you, and I will touch your flesh to save you j now I want to con . vince you there are but riches of one kind ; I will take everything worldly from you ; I have des troyed your wealth, so that you shall turn to me as the one thing valuable.' After that he calls upon death to sharpen his sharpest spear. No doubt a man like that almost invariably has a good wife and splendid children. I ought to paint both virtue and vice — I ought to be the depicter of every .passion. Well, to recum. He calls on death to sharpen his sharpest spear, and sends him into his house at night with instructions to plunge it into the heart of the woman he loves, to give him a warning — to bring death into his .house — into his very bed. He brings next day the hearse and the black horses, and he shakes the sable plumes in his face, and makes him . follow the bier to the grave — makes him look into that grave and hear a voice more eloquent than mine, which is the red clay falling upon the lid of the coffin of his wife. What are my words to the eloquence of that coffin ? And He compels him to read the gilt breast-plate of the woman he loved, the object of his affections and the idol of his young heart slumbering in the tomb. If this does not bring him to Christ, He again says -to death, take another spear and plunge it into the breast of the child he lovos ? bring him a second time to the tomb, and let him hoar again the clay falling upon all his hopes. Then, if he turn not, what does Christ do? Heat His. own words—' I steal upon him like a thief in the night 1' An awful sentence that! ' Like a thief in the night 1' when he least expects— when ho is most unguarded — in his sleep ! Two fates await such a man. Either Christ comes unawares upon him, ' like a thief in tho night,' and as a clock-maker placos his hand upon the pendulum he lias made and stops its motion, He places his hand upon thnt man's heart and plunges him in a second into everlasting fire ; or, if a little time be given him to reflect, his friends send for a priest — he never does ;— and tho priest comes as fast as he can j but, generally, the moment ho touches the handle of the door, the man is dead 1 He dies within one step of all tho aid of Christianity. . Now. wa come to the rocky man. The only difference. between them is, that one hia the seed and may recover, while the other has no seed and cannot recover. It is like the man who violates only ono commandment, and he who violates the ten. The man who violates one commandment is equally excluded from heaven with him who violates the ten ; but the man who violates only tho ono can recover better than he who violates ths ten. The man who violates but one commandment is not surrounded by so many chains, by so many diffi culties, and therefore can return with more facility ; but if either of them die in that position they are lost. If the rocky man could only get the soil, the seed would grow. 1 do not suppose that I ever knew a man who did not like religion, but canno practise it generally. In the time of tribulation and persecution, and when his pockets and interests are touched, you can no longer calculate on him. It was the very same thing in the time of Christ : the Jews spread their clothes under His feet, got green branches, threw them before Him, called Him the Son of David, and worshipped Him as the Son of God ; but they shortly sought His life, and every one abandoned Him but Mary. In time of tribu lation and persecution they all. forsook Him. Our Lord, addressiug the whole priesthood, said : ' You are the salt of the earth.' The whole world is corrupt. There is no way to purify it, and keep off its imperfections, except by the influence of good example, and purity of your, ministry. You are the salt of the earth. The man who does not seek your ministry is covered over with leprosy, und is dying by disease. The whole world is corrupt without your ministry. You are the salt of the earth. The great majority of mankind are the rock — that beautiful image under which He expresses it. In the time of tribulation and persecution they lose religion. When you and I have studied that case — meditated upon the fact until we know what we are talking about — you will' find that the image covers the great majority of mankind, and that the whole earth is plunged knee deep iu crime and infidelity. Recollect what He says : ' Narrow is the way that leads to heaven, and few there are that walk it. Broal is the road that leads to destruction, and many there are that go it.' Few will be saved upon the last day, but, like the few ears of corn that will be left in the field after the sickle of the reaper, the majority will be lost. Is that bo ? The fear of tribulation and persecution, passion, and self interest, sway the whole human race. No doubt there is an illustrious band who will adhere to the Cross ; and if you will take up the page of history, you will find thatevery age and every nation pre sents such a fact. As I know I address a great many of my own countrymen here, T can never talk on that subject without reflecting on-.. poor Ireland. I love to go into the old church-yards, and take a little piece of ivy from off the old walls and put it into my pocket-book. I love to stand where the altar was placed before it was thrown down; to stand upon the grave of the Priest, with his head turned, as in life, towards his flock. . And I- know, as I look upon the graves around me, that every ona of them covers a Christian hero. . Faithful ivy ! you covered those shrines in their days of, splendour and glory, and you cling to thera with closer fidelity now when their shattered' ruins 'strew ' the earth ! It is so in every age of Christianity : the glorious band of faithful souls illumine, the gloom like the stars shining between us and 'the blue arch of Heaven. St. Panl expresses it most beautifully when he says : ' Christ is the head and you are the members.' Christ is the head, of the Christian family, and all mankind are the members. How well would it not be if all the members were in their proper places, doing the will of the Head, even as our members do the will of our heads ! But we know that it is not so. How many nations have fallen away, becoming separated from the Head, paralysed by disease, and weakening the whole Christian body. We know that the body cannot be well if the members be diseased or separated from tho Head. Shall the world abandon the Head, and the members follow the world ? Shall the Head be buffeted, spit upon, reviled, and the members exult? Shall the Head be crucified and the mem bers mix with the executioners ? Shall the Head bleed for sin and the members rejoice in sin ? Any man, with his eyes shut, and in his own dark chamber, can learn in one second whether he be longs to Christ or to the world. ' No man can serve two masters.' Thinking of the world and not of the Head— pampering hia flesh — following the world, worshipping the world insteid of Christ — having the language of Satan in his mouth, and his tongue stained with sacrilege. Look at this and that picture. In not that to be members of Satan and perdition, and not of Christ and immortality ? Therefore the rock principle is a beautiful part of tho text. Any man at a single glance can learn whether he will resist tribulation for the Word. The third point of the text is one in which we ought to be interested — the man of tho world — the thorns. Man is composed of a body and a soul. The body is fed by the earth, and the soul from Heaven. The soul cannot live without its food any more than the body. It dies in grace and in virtue, and is lost. We live like a .flower, which takes up its nutriment by the roots, is fed by the dews and the sunshine. We live on the earth ; our souls are fed by glorious spiritual food every day. I tell this to the man of the world. He says, but can't I hnve tho world here without giving up the world to come 1 Did not God make the world ? Yes. Cannot I enjoy the world, and enjoy Heaven too? Yes, de. oidedly ; provided you enjoy this' world subservient to the next. Make money if you can, honestly, in this world ; but lay it out in feeding the poor and relieving tho fatherless : don't set your heart upon it. Mako it for the honourable necessities of your religion, in a more exalted and efficient manner to subserve tho world to come. Besides, you know that we have the Imperial command which cannot be resisted. 'Thoushalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart' — the whole — ' with all thy mind' — the whole — all, nil ! It is a clear case. That command .comes from Imperial Majesty. You cannot give any part to the world, but all to Him — all. But, with the map of the world it is an agree ment from which ho Mis back in a, second. Ho gets up. with' God a kind of commercial arrange ment, giving him half of his service, and the re mainder to the world— a kind of commercial specu- I lation — a co-partnership arrangement, giving to God a little, and to the world a little — half and half spending the morning with God and the night with the devil, giving the week to the world and a dis tracted half- hour on Sunday to God. Do you think that account is closed? Will half an hour in a church on Sundar balance the irregularities of seven day b? You know it does not. You would not act so in your office. The seed will be sown, but the grain cannot grew on such a soil ; it is choked by the thorns; it is* fruitless. . Such a man lives in the most extravagkilt manner, dresses with pomp and voluptuousness ; he will not give a halfpenny to a poor woman, but pass her in scorn. He comes into the chapel on Sunday with kid gloves, and ringed ? although covered with the leprosy of mortal sin, he comes in as if God was complimented by his pre sence. Does he not look impertinently upon the memorials of our salvation ? Is not that the man of the world ? If he were listening to me he would probably be angry with me for my words; but de pend upon it, no man can paint damnation in elegant colors ; no man can exhibit hell to please the fancy. I must take the pencil and give it a coloring suita ble to the subject. That is my description of a man of the world — no, not half, for I wish I had an hour to devote to the subject. I ask, do you mean to call this religion ? Is this the way you fulfil the Imperial command ? You want to get up the idea that it is pos sible to be half saved and half lost — to be half with the devil and half with God — half in hell and half in Heaven — to be half a saint and half a demon. You know there is no such idea. You must belong all to God, or not at all.' No man can serve two masters. ' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart, thy. whole soul, and thy whole strength.' Theu you- begin to see the thorny man is as bad as the thoroughfare man, or the rock man, with' this difference, th*.t: he. adds hypocrisy to his other conduct. . To idueive Christ at his own throne ; to outwit him at his own tribunal ; to over reach him in his own house ! Is it not so, if he thinks he can be saved by giving half of himself to God and half to the world ? But the commercial man, the merchant says to me, ' Dr. Cahill, are we all to leave our houses, to give up our stores, to go into the eaves and rocks and hollows of trees, in order to be saved ?' Certainly not. ' According to you wo are.' No, sir ; excuse me. That-is not my doctrine. When I marrrieil you (if 1 did so), and when you opened thu hand of your beautiful young bride and put gold and silver in it, did I not close your hand upon hers p.ai swear you before God to protect that woman with your property, and your exertions ? -Sir you make a mistake. Y/ra. are not a man of the world, you are a man of God. You are bound to protect that woman. You are a mean fellow if you ever allow her to wear a torn frock. You are a base fallow if you do not raise your children as high as you can by honest industry. . When you have made money for them, and brought them:up, and they take the first step out in the world, say to them,' ' when I wed your mother we loved each. other,: and I swore to protect her. I bid you to do' the same. By the honest labour of your father- ypii are lifted out of poverty. Boys, do not gp back';' 'go. 'higher up the ladder ; but do not give up your religion.' Very good. He did this for Christ. 'Ami so with the accomplishments of his daughters, let them be for the honor of God. It thus becomes a sacred' duty— a most exalted office. But that man ia a thorn where no grain will grow, who divides bis heart between Christ and the world. The last part of the text shall be brief. It is very beautiful. It is the finest part of the text, as a matter 'of course, because it refers to the good soil. He introduce? the good soil with such a beautiful image. The Word of God as it falls on good soil produces forty, sixty, aud one hundred fold. Has it ever occurred to you what the Word of God is ? You have only to go back a few years and the sky over you was blank. But one word rolled from His lip, and in a week the whole firma ment was kindled into existence before him. The word of God m joy ! JLuciter rebelled against Him in Heaven, through pride, and a great number of angels joined him. But God called upon His angels, and they threw him over the walls of Heaven ; and in a second He created Hell. The Word of God in anger. God said, 'Let there be light,' and the sun rose into existence. There you had the Word of God in anger, and the AVord of God in1 joy. There is a word greater than either, millions and millions of times. That was the word Christ spoke when He expired on ths Cross — 'It is finished.' By that word Hi! conquered the infini tude of His Father's anger, the infinitude of the death — three infinitudes with that one word. That word, as great beyond His Father's word as He him self was above matter ; ths greatest word that was ever uttered or ever can be uttered, St.l'.ml in his description speaks of it as a masterpiccfi of the power and wisdom of God. Don't you think such a word as that could produce a good soil, bringing forth fruit, twenty, or forty, or oven a hundred fold ? A word that built the skies, that unbolted Heaven, that redeemed man, that conquered His Father's anger and opened the gates of Heaven for ever? You have heard the Word every day in the church most beautifully exhibited in Us practice. Yes ; it was that Word which built the church around tbo globe. Go off to the East where the sun rises, and there is the front gate to the church. Its foundations aro spread all over the globe ; and from polo to pole, from East to West, are lifted up tho walls of the Catholic Church. On tho walls aro the BiBhops with their croziors in their hands crying 'All's well.' Tho wholo family of the Church listen. The Bishops hear tho word from the Pope, who is higher on tho walls, on the lofty turrets, and he ia in communi cation with Christ. The word comes from beneath the throne of the Father, through Peter and his successors, to tho Bishops, and thence to you. When the thunders roll and tho lightnings flash in tho world — when the hurricane threatens our existence, the Pope speaks. He tells us all to stand firm beneath the walls our fathers built, not to be afraid, that tho tempest would soon pass, tmd the snu shine again. Oftentimes the Pope himself has suffered. Seven and-twenty times since Peter assumed, that chair, aud five or six times particularly, he lias b'eci brought down from his lofty eminence, and bowed in the dust. A lesson of warning and adversity is sometimes better than prosperity. But after Christ puts him in that position and leaves him there for a term, He takes him in his own hand, lifts him up, cleanses the duat of his sacred vestments, and places him there with more power than before, as though to say — ' Men may put you out of it, but I alone can put youback.' These lessons of warning are given to us to show that it is solely by the power of Christ that we hold our places — laymen, priests, bishops and Pope. You recollect the history of tho old Napoleon confining Pope Pius VII. in a room at Fontainbleau. When in France I visited that room, and sat in the chair in which he sat, and wrote a letter on the table where he wrote. A servant listened to an interview which Napoleon there had with the Pope. After he had been confined a short time, the old Napoleon entered the room He said — 'Your Holiness, do not think I am your enemy for removing you from Italy to France. I am not — I am your .best -friend Y'af|d as a mark of favor I want to- give you this cockade, which will make you colonel of a regiment.' The Pope answered — ' Sire, I do not believe that you intend to offend ; but ' I can take no ornaments, except those tho Church gave me. I have no ornaments but this white serge cassock, this pastoral staff, and this little crown on my head. I am a prince, myself. Yet recollect, Sire, that the hour will come, when you and I will be carried to our little, narrow bods — when both of us will sleep in death : and although you may govern the whoie world by your imperial power, and although you may throw down the monuments of the- living and tear up the tombs of the dead, yet the time will cume when your nirnc will be forgotten, and when this little serge cassock, this little crown upon my head, and this pastoral staff in my hand, will govern all society.' That is the language of the Pope. That is the truth. It is in that Church the seed grows thirty, forty,; ^'-iy, and a hundred fold. That is the true soil, aud every tiling within that Church is planned to save us. The whole earth is but one vast chapel, whose altar reaches ronnd the globe, and every one can be fed there like the children of one great Father, with the Bread of Life. At six o'clock in the morning in the far East, where the sun rises, the priest ele vates the sacrifice, saying-—' Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God of Hosts ;' and, at every instant, as the sun passes in bis' course, the same sacrifice is re peated until you see the priest offering it up' as he sinks beneath the Westers; horizon : and still that hymn of prayer and 'pc^t.a goes up unceasingly all round the world — ' Hinj, auiy. oly, is the Lord of Hosts' — even_ a!»__L-^ ' --r,?\\. '!-'Z ^iT^l'^ven, before the throne of fte Lamb that is deciared'to be worthy of all power and benediction for ever and ever. What a beautiful idea ! IT'/Vs'inple, how omnipo tent, how great ! Every sacrament' we have' hi our Church is provi ded for our benefit, and planned for our advantage. The little child who is born into the world this morning, as soon as he can be he is brought before the priest, and with the waters of baptism upon him - and che sign of the cross, before ha is 21' hours old he becomea a little soldier of Christ. When the little fellow, at the ago of eight or six years, begins to see the difference between good and evil, he calls upon the Bishop, who comes with the crozier and oil to anoint him — to give him a blow upon the check to accustom him to he insulted for Christ— to tell him that he has to fight his way through the world for Christ — and the little fellow leaves the Church a little hero. All the seven sacraments follow one after another— Baptism, Confirmation, the Eucharist, Penance Holy Orders, Matrimony, and Extreme Unction. When one of the congregation strays away, ths pastor must leave the whole parish and go and bring him back again. Christ tells him to do this. He says, Go after him, and when you find him bring him back to Me upon your shoulders, as you would a child. When you have him in the tribunal of confession, and be asks pardon, tho moment you see tears in his eyes forgive him on the spot. The young unmarried man has selected a partner for life ; they are brought before the priest and they swear fidelity to one another. They have gone to their confession and communion, and put themselves in a state of grace. They are pledged not only by outward conduct, but by inward feeling. But let them enter into that state in mortal guilt, and thei^ indeed, you see the difference. Misfortune and sor rows come. They are not three weeks married when their fireside is a hell. Their offspring is begotten in mortal guilt — a black cloud of perdition hangs over them. They were joined by Satan and not by Christ. A stream of bad luck begins from the day they left the altar, and continues until they set themselves right before God. We take the little boy from amongst the congregation — that is where we all come from — and place him in college. We educate him and bring him to the Bishop. We mako him lio on his face and the Bishop takes off his mitre and prays that the Holy Ghost may des cend into his heart. Tho Holy Ghost descends into that child. Ho fills his heart and occupies his bosom. He sanctifies his lips. He ib put into this place, and no becomea a 6hining light of sanctity, a brilliant example. His life is spotless. Ho is a servant of Christ — an ambassador of God. And then, when the husband, wife, father, mother, is on the bed of death, you look out for the faithful priest —aud, you know, wo are faithful; We stay by you when tho plague drives overybody hence. When the sight has loft your eyes, and you aro deaf, and palsied and speechless, then you will learn the valuo of the Word of God— When the priost puts the crucifix into your hand and you feel tho print of the nails with your fingers. There is no oloqueneo like that at such a tiino. And when tbo priost aces the black ship coming that ia to carry away the passing soul , and she casts anchor besido thin world, and be witches that soul carried on board, and the black Muck canvass swell out and tho cable slip, he goes with that soul to tho very verge of the earth, and he continues to piay for him until the soul is delivered safely into the hands of his Father. From the first dawn of lifo uutil the last sigh of old age, the Church never loses sight of us, until it carries us safely into the possession of God. Do you think that Word will only produce an hundred fold ? You know it produces every tiling.' ' . This is the first time I have had the pleasure of speaking to you. I hope it will not be the last. I am glad to get acquainted with you — to look into your faces — to see and know that 1 have such warm hearts around me, who love me as their countryman, who worship me as a minister of their God. I know that. I return you my thanks for your kindness to tho church, — for your zeal for your religion, in coming in such numbers to assist in building your school, the garrison that you defend by knowledge. Knowledge is powerful, but, I assure you, ignorance is vety powereful also. God is very strong ; but the Devil Is strong..- The school is tb ? garrison where ?knowledge is taught, where ignoiitnce is crushed where tho Gospel of God is taught, and the soul saved. I have a prayer to offer, lll'at God may give . strength to your parish priest, the venerable Arch deacon, may fill him with piety and sanctity to fulfil the duties of his sacred profession. May He also enable you to discharge your individual duties, to save your souls, that upon the last day, when Christ will call him to account.l'or every soul of this whole congregation, not one may be missing. ? That is . the heartj and sincere prayer of one wholcics you — myself. In the name of the Father, and of ths Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. 