CORRESPONDENCE. ☛ We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions of our Correspondents. "THE LAST NEW TOY." To the Editor of the Gipps Land Guardian. MR. EDITOR.—Surely nothing beyond the discovery of Gipps Land, is needed by our Mel- bourne friends, to stamp the nineteenth century as one of great geographical research. Why, the newspapers are full of it; our broad acres are to constitute the great granary of the colony; our scenery is the most picturesque in Victoria, or elsewhere; a new Eldorado is (to be) dis- covered as existing at our very doors, unknown or unregarded; and even our population, hitherto supposed (by some mysterious dispensation of Providence—or the Registrar-General) to be limited strictly to three men and a boy, without hope of issue or increase, has suddenly sprung up in tho Oriental imaginations of our Patron Saints below, to rival in number the mushrooms on our plains. Little Johnny Gipps Land is, it seems, to go to school at last, and if he minds his book, like a good boy, his big cousin has promised to teach him cricket and foot-ball. In fine, Valentine Melbourne has induced Gipps Land Orson to forego raw meat, to have his nails cut, and even to indulge in the luxury of a score at his bar- ber's. Nay, a distinguished moonshee of the press—see the Argus of the 17th—suggests the propriety of fixing a recently invented looking glass, on the summits of our highest ranges, at which we can not only see to shave ourselves (should we prefer that particular form of Ton- soric Martyrdom) at one hundred and twenty miles distant!—" Mark that, my masters!"—but, by the same token, find our way home again, after the operation, in safety. " Here's luxuries !" as Mr. Squeer's expresses it to one of his new boarders, when discussing the merits of an arti- cle of about the same value. By the beard of the Prophet, Mr. Editor, it is marvellous! We shall inevitably be dramatised, Mr. Editor, in fact, we must be dramatised, if but to make our actual existence more grossly palpable to the hitherto unenlightened general public—thus— Twankadillo, native Princd of Tambo, falls hope- lessly in love with a Princess of surpassing beauty, the only daughter of Sauney McKye, the white Squatter-King of Balquidder Plains, This, with a Giant's Castle here and there in the Ranges, and a decent sprinkling of Fairies on the Plains, might form the nucleus of a very respectable 'plot,' and, let me tell you, would suit the taste of our sight-loving neighbours, for better than a dry Univerity Price Essay on the probable manners and customs of the Gipps- landers. Beyond this, even, I am informed, Mr. Editor, that no less than fourteen rival companies, each with a countless capital, are in the field, con- tending for the honor of running a rail through the celebrated Fern Tree Gullies. In short, nothing that has not a flavor of this Victorian Goshen attached to it, will go down with our mercurial friends. No person with any character at all—for dress, ventures into society unless his lower extremities arc encased in the ' patent Gippslander boot,' his up-and-aboves in 'Baw Baw unmentionables,' and his throat decorated with the veritable ' Tambo Tie.' And so im- pressed is the puissant Melbourne Town Council itself, with the vast importance of these discover- ies, that it is understood to be its intention to confer the honor of John Thomas Smith-hood upon the hardy and adventurous discoverer. I only hope, in common with the three other " Oldest Inhabitants " (as Paddy might perhaps express it) that all this may be true, and that as a seasonable addition to this chapter of expected benefits, we may wake some fine morning and find our morasses overflowing with Bass and Alsop; our wild ducks converted into Melbourne tame geese, duly stuffed with metropolitan bank- notes, and all ready for serving up with some of their own sauce. Your obedient servant, ONE OF THE FOUR. P.S.—I suppose this Flood from Melbourne wild be the means of converting your ' Glorious Old Port' into indifferent negus ! Nous verrons! Sale, 24th May, 1860. "Prelection's ceased, old Alma Mater slept, And o'er the silent rooms the ghost of Ward- law wept. " TENNANT. To the Editor of the Gipps Land Guardian. DEAR MR. EDITOR,—I return to the Rev. Mr. Login's famous letter of the 18th inst. He dark- ly insinuates—he almost assumes it as a fact, and argues on the assumption that I am a wolf in sheep's clothing, and treats me with supercilious scorn and contempt, because, forsooth, I will not tasitly submit to have our "chaste little church" closed for day service twenty-six Sundays in the year. I have no hostile feeling, and have shown none towards Mr. Login, so he may allay all nervous and imaginative apprehensions on that score; 1 am simply a man with a grievance, not "a man of straw," "I thank thee Jew for teach- ing me that word" firmly bent upon removing that grievance if I can, not with the calmness of a deliberate malignity, but with a persistency and pertinacity peculiar to my temperament, because it is my firm belief that it is almost the unani- mous wish of the congregation at Sale, to have regular ministrations; and I will stand in that belief till I see better proof to the contrary, than I have ever yet heard or seen. To be sure Mr. Login says that "there has been no movement made in the matter," but he knows very little about the feelings of his congregation, if he does not know that a strong desire to have a regular minister pervades the entire community. Minis- ters of tho Gospel ought to anticipate rather than to wait for the moving of the waters. I am the more anxious to keep this matter in the public eye, as there is a disposition at head quarters to stifle discussion, and burke the whole question, which, as I said at the very outset, " lies very near my heart. " PRESBYTERIAN. 