0 iLociil JIsiáetlí«eiiícc. ie -» THE ELECTRIO TELEGRAPH.-As will be seeu from another column, the electric telegraph line was opened yesterday for public traffic as far as Warwick,--the last Queensland station on the lino which is to connect this colony with her Australian Bisterhood. Communication was not. only established yesterday, but public business was commenced, and we leam that every- thing was in readiness for the opening up of telegraphic business with the colony of New South Wales, with the- exception of com- pleting the stretching of tho wiro to the boundary. It is expected, however, thnt the contractors will have fiuished this last remaining link by Satur- day next; and, if things be in an equally forward Btato on the New South Wales side, communication with Sydney and the capitals of the other Australian colonies, may be un fait accompli in a few days from this date. The tariff of charges for mes- sages to the principal places, and to the dif feient stations on the line between this and Adelaide, will shortly be completed and published. ' RUMORED MINISTERIAL CHANGES.-Our Ipswich contemporary, the North Austra- lian, states that "it was rumored in Bris- bane yesterday (Monday) that the Hon. R. R. Mackenzie is about to vacate the Trea- sury to become Minister of Lands and Works, and will be succeeded in the Tre » sury by Mr. T. De Lacy Moffatt." We do not dispute that our contemporary may be better informed than ourselves, and we should never be surprised to hear Mr. Moffatt's name mentioned in connection with any government post-not even ex- cepting the Governership ; but we cannot help saying that the "rumour," like the whispers in the gallery of St. Paul's, tra- velled a " long way round." If such a change is to be made, we presume that Mr. Mackenzie might claim to be con- sulted in the matter; and, unless he has made it " all right" with the " ghost of Dan Ban" and other unpleasant characters during his visit to Gayndah, we very much question his willingness to make way for the brilliant character to whom so many government ap- pointments have been assigued by " rumor," in order that he (Mr. Mackenzie) may have the trouble and anxiety of organizing a now department. That Mr. Moffatt will ulti- mately " come in" for some post of emolu. ment under the present ministry, we cannot doubt; but we must take the liberty of questioning his capacity for the office which "rumor" and our Ipswich contem- porary have now assigned to him. CALABASHES.-Wo aro almost tired of rcquestiug pur country friends not to inflict upon us the receipt of theso worthless hits of dirty paper by way of remittances, hut owing probably to the absence of the truo " circulating medium," or the want of a post-office order system,-the " cry is still thoy come 1" Among others received within the last few days, wo had two made payahlo " oue day after sight," at the " Callandoon Store," and bearing the illustrious siguaturo of the distinguishedM.P., whoso ohiuf ainbi .tion seoms to bo to " accept office." Wo should reoommend the party to whom thoy wcro returned to present the« with nil pos siWo celerity, inasmuch as the paper upon which they are printed will not bear much more handling, and the la->t holder will pro- bably have to content himself with the " illustrious autograph." No. 1 COMPANY OF VOLUNTEERS.-The resumption of ball practice by the No. 1 Company, took place on the ground adjacent to the cemetery, on Saturday afternoon last, under the command of Captain Dud- geon. The range adopted on this occasion was 250 yards, which was longer than any yet tried, and the points realized were 83 stated in the following score :-- 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 ..1 0 0 0 0 0 .. 0 1 0 1 0 0 .. 2 1 2 1 0 1 .. 5 1 0 1 1 0 .. 3 0 1 1 0 1 .. 3 2 0 0 0 1.. 3 2 3 1 1 1 .. 8 0 1 1 0 1 .. 3 1 0 2 0 0.. 3 1 1 0 1 0 .. 3 1 1 1 1 0 .. 4 0 2 1 0 0 .. 3 0 0 0 1 0 .. 1 1 0 0 1 1 3 1 2 1 1 0 .. 5 0 0 0 0 0.. 0 54 Average.... 2.84 It was arranged on the ground that the future parades for full practice should take place on Saturday mornings, at five o'clock, in place of Saturday afternoons. Captain Dudgeon Lieutenant Skyring .. Lieutenant Fewings .. Sergeant Costin .. W. Fowles Corporal \\\r. Munee Private Hall ii francis.... Dodds .... »! W. Smith.. Dickins .. ¿ T.Daly .. H. Munco " Lloyd .... ill Clancy .... Stack .... n Laundor .. (l M'Alistor,. ?. J.Daly..., 