rir H-otild-'be difficifltif not impossible^ fiml ?& stronger instance of the evil con sequences resulting to a community from the disstmsions engendered by years of uiisrule, than is afforded by She present state of Maryborough. It is utterly im possible to -inaugurate any measure tend ing to promote the progress of the town, ,or theinterest ami welfare of its inhabi tants, without evoking the most bitter animosities, and incurring the imputation of (he most «'n\v«rthy motives. To hold a different opinion on the justice or ex pediency of any matter of public impor tance, is sufficient to justify charges or ansinuations of the basest nature. But if the opinions -rf opponents be treated with intolerance, the most elieviahwl do^ Inas receive but small consideration at. the hands of those who hold ^them with the greatest tenacity. In their intemperate advocacy -they expose the most --vulnerable points to^tlieis- adversaries, and not imfre -quentl-y demolish their own arguments. Tu iihistratioH of the justice of our re ni.irks, we will instance the eontest now prevailing, for the introduction of muni c pal institutions. In order to show that it is^ unnecessary and prematurt to |-ro- local government of our town, its inhabitants and their poration nici - streets of Mary borough— instead of being ? made and maintained by those whose pro- j parties w-juld ;be directly improved and i comfort promoted — should form :i charge ; on thi- taxes and customs levied ou^liose j who will never derive any direct, and in j .fll probability but little indirect adv in- i lagefvom the;ii. We are called upon to j forget 4.hat a large subsidy is provided by , the Municipal^ Act from the general go- | vornraent as our en lowmeut fuwd during the lirst fifteen years of the corporation, and that the Government by their recent practice have shown every desire to i in crease the -funds of the municpalities by . liberal grants of land, to proride a loc.tl | revenue when the pecuniary endowment ceases. Much of the Opposition to incorpora tion, much of this '' impatience of taxa tion,' has arisen from misrepresentation, It has been industriously circulated tha| it will be iu tiie power of the Corporation to assess town lands at ;- per cent, per an num' on the fee simple value, or to rate nil allotment valued at J 00/. at !)l. a-year. This is not the ease. Such an allotment if assessed at its highest amount would pay 5 per cent, only on its annual value, at 10 per cent, of its total worth. 10 per cent is 10/., and 5 per cent, on 10/. would be, not 10/., but ten shillhijs. It is as serted, and this assertion has weighed on the minds 6f many persons who are ow ners of cattle, and oil whom the town is now dependent for itsv supply of milk, that their cattle would be deprived of pas turage; and the erection of a pound is held in terrorem over their heads, to frighten them into silence, like children with tales of old bogies. There may be some matters in which ?the Municipal Act irequims alteration or j amendment, but not in these instances j The Act deaN much more leniently with proprietors of unimproved allotments than . with those who have invested largely in improvements. Capital invested iu houses and buildings would be assessed at the same rate as the capital invested iu spec-, uLtive purchases of land, to be retailed1 *11. + ..ii.i t\nt* r*t» ut iiiNt. ! fit. The cows and horses would at least graze in as much security under a corpo ration, who would be empowered to make regulations for the depasturing of the common»ge,and thereby protect the rights of the inhabitants as they are enjoyed at present ; and the pound would be only an additional security for holders of stock aud holders of enclosed aud improved lands. Incorporation will cause a considerable local expenditure for the improvement, of the town, and one- half of this will he pro vided from without ; it will increase the value of town property to that extent ; and should its establishment lead to the threatened exodus of land speculators, it ho will neither sell at reasonable rates nor build and improve, there is this con solation for its, that they will not carry their-land away with them ; and as they will have to sell, it is probable that the purchasers who succeed to these pro prietors will do so with the intention ri' building and converting them into i-ro- ^luctive properties, instead of disfiguring |he town with ' wastes of' desolation.' B Clarence had not arrived at six ?Uirning - vrc have tlicrofvvc very little new* for iht next liest thin; present them with n have been .veumnlating for some front Brisbane to 25th ult.f and we rfiali'Cet three weeks' Bris II, to- day. prove 1 gentlc ant suite,, luallyoc Bposal of lllockf lying in It. week .petition, ?ate with i the Go ipmplete, ssnlt per i original to these pied, the qualified mrtrudk leholder* . !of these i, juid 25 leaving a . Of the Bj and 13 persons :i lU'jiM that thoy hail sia iu*'l the oountor-pi'ti ? tiou frum niisre;'rosoiitati.in nr iinilue inlhienre. Tin' names flu'sc persons NNl-.t l];nW''iv .-iil/l'^l t' urtjiirilv nf ?,'j so tliat rtier-e is a uruss miijtirit j- -in favour « »f incirpiii H. ti«m i.f -II siiina lures. We wii'lerstinid tlia't.eertaio iiieuihers ..f the p.. lice |i;rce aw uccuseil itf usiim threats, uiili a view To imlure i)cr«nis t.i j«yii in opposition .In inrio-poi ation. ^ e have luM'ii infniiueil, iu riferenfe to r.il«-nil 1'ii. lily's letm ; ftt' lastwetli, that lVi»Ul-'s sU'H.itvu'c tn -lie c«miti-i- lietiii-'U avpcartd H) hi* isenuiu,., w]iile the ..ne on the ori^ tial petitian was ill tlie same lianilivrilini: a» the ii.iini- |-rrc. i)iii(! it Tlie chief coustahle was tiierer.ire -ent to intpuiv into -he one .Oiich appeared spurious. This, we think, satisfactorily accounts -or liisoimiluct on the oi\casion. Mr. Wtu.iAM Mit. lkr, tlie new Cierk i of l'elty Sessions, h-is arnveil iu town. A CtittKKM'ON DKNT informs US that Ml'. r.-irktr of the Hush Inn, KurUlMinptoii, on-' of theohlrst rfNiik'iit-s 4if the district, on M»»ni).iv, Uth -iust. ? At the adjourned meeting of the l)irec ? tors of the Cotton ARSOciiition. Vielil nil Monday last, it hiivifli; liecu aiiiioiiurptl that Mr; JiookH* h:i*I rpfusril («- act, tint] thtit Mr. Ciit--u hut] Messrs. W^d iain Lowell and Jufee;)ti Mont^inery were elertuil to act-in ciicir places. j ! Mail Iuukgih-akitiks.— As usual, the 'Cavnrtah mail tlitl n«»t arrive on Tuesday. At past («iur on Woilnesflay, liowev^r, a h:i^ or two arrived liriiijriHK a'few betters from (GH^inlal), but iu»ue from tin* Gladstone Uond, || or the overland route frmn Brisbane. From j* private letter | ! team that the Wide Hk.v Mails urrircd at Gayndah on 'j Monday flight, and eon^equeittly the Gayndah post was Uept open till Tuesday morning. The woflther is very hHd in the ! .llurnptt. so bad. indeed, that the nutilruan belifeven the ; K' Ghost of ifan I3«» ' had either gone to sleep or gut drowued. j 