ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, POET ADELAIDE. The ceremony of laying, the foundation-stone of the new portion of St. Paul's Church, at Port Adelaide, took place on Thursday afternoon, May 23\. At half- past 2 o'clock service was held in the nlinwfi Mi»T.ni*1 TCiahnn nffli'int.incr. nnrt tVin Tfov U. Marryat reading the lessons, xnere were present also the Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Arch leacon Woodcock, and the Rev. Messrs. Pollitt, Evans, and Palmer. The service being concluded, a procession was formed— headed by the choir and Sunday-school children. Messrs. Anthony and Sawtell (Building Committee), the Bishop and Clergy, Mrs. Hart and party, the Committee, and the congregation— and proceeded to that portion of the new building (diere the foundation-stone hod been suspended. Mrs. John Hart then placed in a space beneath the 3tone a botUe containing a paper with the following inscription :— St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide. Built A.D. 1810. 'The fouudation-stone of the new portion of this building was laid by Mrs. J. Hart, on Thursday, 23rd May, Anno Domini 18(51— in the 25th yeorjof ihe reign of Victoria, Queen of England; in the 5th year of the Governorship of Sir Richard [jraves MacDounell ; in the 14tn year of the con secration of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. 'Charles Marryat, M.A., Incumbent. 'jiMawker, Churchwardens. '?J. Fonnby 'T. Kins, Members of Select 'W. W.'Ewbank, Vestry. 'R. Tapley. 'E.W. Wright, Architect. 'J. Cleve, Builder. ' To the Glory of God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.' Some coins of Queen Victoria, a list of the names of the Building Committee (Messrs. J. Hart, W. W. Ewbank, G. W. Hawkes, E. Algcr, J. C! Hawker, T. H. Parker, J. T. King. F. L. Wyman, E. Sawtell, H. D. Cruttcndcn, J. Fonnby, R. M. Tapley, J. Anthony, B. Reed, J. Vautin, and E. Cherry), a plan of the church, and the pastoral address of tne Bishop and statistics of the diocese, with the report of the Standing Com mittee and list of the clergy, -S:e.. for the post year. The mortar was then spread by Mrs. Hart, and the stone lowered to its position. The choir then sung a hymn, and the Lord Bishop read prayers, after which the Rev. C. Mar ryat read the following address :— 'I beg to lay before your Lordship a short report of our proceedings since the movement in favour of this enlargement just commenced. ' At a meeting of the seatholders held on the 7th February, IStil. it was unanimously resolved— 'That in order to satisfy the actual and prospective demand for seats, as well as to provide proper accommodation for the Sunday- school children and the poor of the district, for the captains, officers and sailors, and other strangers visiting the Port, and for immigrants, it is necessary to enlarge St. Paul's Church without delay.' 'A Committee was appointed, .and their appeal was so generally responded to, that in the month of April it was considered desirable to call for tenders for building the walls. ' The sums promised amount at present to 3.W. 17». 8d., the greater part of which has already been paid to the treasurer. 'The tender for the walls amount to 378/., leaving a deficiency of 38/. 2s. 4d. We have every confidence, however, that with the aid of the col lection to-day, and continued exertions, that we shall be able to raise that sum before the walls are completed, and tints avoid trespassing upon the kindness of one of the members of the congre gation, who has offered to lend us the sum of 100/. without any interest for a year. 'One pleasing part of our subscription-list is the large number of subscribers. This we con sider most encouraging, as though many of the subscriptions are small, it shows that the interest is tf.ken in the church by all classes, by the rich and poor alike. The church when enliirged will be double the present size and will hold about 500 persons. 'We dare not speak of the future; but we humbly pray the Almighty, in the name of whose Son we have laid the stone, as our only sure foundation, to bless our effort, and to put it into the hearts of our members to continue their efforts and liberality, in hopes that before long we may accomplish our work, and be enabled tn call upon vour Lordship to consecrate the new building to His honour. Our cause we feel is a good onp, which is not onlv to provide for our residents in the Port, but for those many strangers who visitor enter the colony through the Port. ' Once more then we ask God's blessing, assured that the foundation can no man lav than that wliich is lajd which is in Jesus Christ.' The ministry and congregation then returned to the church, where His Lordship made an appro priate address. He compared the interesting cere mony which bad been witnessed to 'casting bread upon the waters,'' but without the doubt of the end being accomplished. The new building, he said, was not built in hope or chance of its being of use or benefit, but was actually called for by the wants of the inhabitants of tho Port. He thought Almighty, as well as for congratulation, that they were thus able to enlarge their church. He con cluded with some words of exhortation to the con gregation. The dismissal hymn was then sung, and the .congregation dispersed. Although the weather was very unfavourable, there were at least 15!) persons present. 