Ij\t ©belts autr iTturran gMertiser Published every 'S.'ucadmy, 'Z'httrtday and Saturday' Tu.SDAY, December^ 10TH, 1861. THE OCCUP-VIION LICENSES IN Tfl K SUPliisi.vlE COUIIT. THE trial of vhe cau-e Fen TON V. SKINNER, to which wa alluded at length siime time since, came on lor beating before the Supreme C'^urt on Friday l*st, and the reruh rapy be jumnicd up in the statiment that the License is^ed to, and h'ld by JUDGE FKfNrJ ER is declared i legal. It has beers, perhaps t o hastily, assumed that «11 the Occupation Licenses are alike llrgal; it is possible tba' each license may be declared so if taken into the Supreme Court, but no bolder of a license need give himself the smallest troub'e until the issue b;s been thus tiled. Whether as a move in party warfare, or h legal dfcision, the tri*l is not of very much impo t*nce. The legal argument seems to have been c<;nduit<d on the principle that was adopted in the old schools, and it seems to have been quietly arranged before hand who was to be beaten. We never looked upon the licenses as.anything like the full measure rf what the penple of this cnuniry have a right to expect, out only as an instalment of what they must, and will, obtain sooner or later. We shall therefore ssve ourselves the trouble of indulging in (he frantic grief of some of our con temporaries. Whether it be by the Heai.ES Government, or the 0'SaA.N A^sy Government, the question as to what is to be dote with the squatters must be solved, but it cannot and must not he solved by mere trickery; it needs neither a ghost nor a philo sopher to see tlirtt had the trial of FENTON V. SKINNER been postponed till F bruary next, as was at first arranged, Fb\TON must have g ood be fore ths Court ou soon other ground than that of being the bolder of a lease under Ordeis in Counc.l that bad ceased to opera'e, ai d that Skinn..k must, have had his case defended on something very different from the merely narrow arid la jer-like view taken uy his counsel. Be.ore we can arrive at the c- nclusion that a store is a public good, and that the beneficial ocoup tion of twenty acres, more or less, of land, is a private advantage, we shall have to unlearn a great deal of knowledge that we have spent our lives in acquiring. Admitting, bow ever. that their Honors ih ? Judges are right in tbeir ruling-admitting that the occupation, licenses do not come within the score and meaning of the 68ih section of the Lund Act admitting that the President of the Board of Land and Works had no power to issue these licenses, what mii«t the Dubiic think ^of Mr IrhlAbd, who, in his capacity of Attorney General to the HRALES administration, advise"! that tbey were perfectly legal ? And what faith can the public have in Mr IRELAND the Attorne\\-Gen-ral of the present Ministrv, or in his ad ministration oi the law ? . Those changes may be very clever as political dodges, but we must, once for all, en'er our protest egainst the courts of iaw being prostituted to such purposes as making the worse appear the better part. This mock trial and sham legal decision is merely an attempt to hood wink the public. So grave a measure as the entire reversal of the policy of a countrv needs some better apology than that afforded by this decision, and if the present Government should atempt to deprive those who hold occupation licenses of the rights and privileges accruing from such licenses, they will be g'lilty of not hint, short of an ret of swindling. One thing of two is certain, tbese licenses either should have been perfectly legal, or they ought never to have been issued; whether legal or not, it is a gross injustice now to reverse for party, for factious, and for mercenary pnrposes, I a policy advantageous to the whole country ; a policy that was caipabl . of being made, when rightly worked out, of advantage to the overcrowded populations of the home country; a policy that, with a wider application, and more statesmanlike treatment, would have raised this country from depress on and stagna-ion to activity and abundance. In at.y case, the farce will hatdly pay'for the acting, lor those who expected to see any thing like liberality in dealing with the lands, will now know that they are doomed to disappointment,"and it will b« for those constituencies who have returned men pledged to the support of these licenses, to deal with their re creant representatives; whose shame less abandonment of the cause they were pledged to suppoit, has rendered a reversal of the policy possible. ORIENTAL BANK.-The new build ing for the Oriental Bank, in Ford street, is now rapidly approaching completion, and will add another to the very handsome edifices erected by the banking companies in (his town. 