LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. W-DNHsriAA, DECEMBER. I TUE PnF-MDEN-r took his seat at twenty-nine minutes past four o'clock. RICHMOND RIVER BRIDGE COMPANY'S BILL. A message was received from the Assembly, inviting concurrence in this bill. Bill read a first time, and made an order of the day for a second reading for to-morrow. JUDICIAL AND OTHER OFFICES QUALIFICATION BILL. A message was received, intimating that the Assembly had agreed to the Council's amendments in this bill, with one exception, namely, that which fixed the period of ten years as the necessary standing before appointment to a Judgeship. Message to be considered in committee to-morrow (this day). TOBACCO DUTIES BILL. A message was received, inviting the concurrence of the Council in the above bill, which had been passed by the Assembly. Bill read a first time, and made an order of the day for a second reading for to-morrow (this day). MURRAY RIVER CUSTOMS' BILL. A message was received from the Assembly, inviting concurrence in this bill. Bill tend a first time, and to be read a second time to-morrow (this day). " POSTPONEMENT. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL obtained leave To postpone the adjourned debate on the Legislative Council Bill until a later hour in the evening, and until after the Rule of Liquors Licensing Bill and the Insolvent Laws' Amend- ment Bill had been disposed of. INSOLVENCY LAW AMENDMENT BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that the House resolve itself into committee of the whole for the consideration of the message received from the Assembly in reference to the amendments made in this bill by the Council. The message was read, as follows: " The Legislative Assembly having had under consideration the Legislative Council's message, dated the 28th ultimo, requesting its concurrence in certain amendments made by the Council in the Insolvency Law Amendment Bill disagrees from the amendment which proposes the insertion after clause 3 of a new clause, to stand clauses 4; because this alteration is not of an urgent character, and there are commercial as well as legal doubts of its expediency ; after fuller consideration it may be provided for in a future bill for amending the Insolvent Laws generally. " Agrees to the amendment in page 2, clause 4, line of. " Disagrees from the amendment in page 2, clause 4, line 7 ; because the inserted words are unnecessary-their object being provided for by the previous general words. " Agrees to the amendment in page 2, clause 4, line 10. " Disagrees from the amendment in page 2, clause 4, line 13 ; because the proposed alteration introduces a concur- rent jurisdiction which may be inconvenient; and the con- tingency of the Chief Commissioner's absence or illness is already provided for by law. - - . "And agrees to the * amendment in page 3, clause li, line 10." The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, moved that the committee do not insist on the amendments. Sir W. MANNING was not disposed to press the committee to insist on the amendments, although it was with regret that he adopted this course, as he believed it was the opinion of the commercial world that these amendments which he had proposed were the most beneficial part of the bill. It was, however, intimated in the message that in all probability a larger measure would be introduced in which those amendments might be introduced. He thought it right to allude to the way in which these amendments had been dealt with in the other branch of the Legislature. He believed the other House had agreed to them when a letter WOR addressed to the Colonial Secretary by the Chief Justice objecting to the clause in which the Colonial Secretary thought it right to advise that the clause should I not be agreed to. As there would be another opportunity of introducing his amendment, he should not set up his opinion against that of the Chief Justice In reference to a further amendment, namely, vesting the appointment of the official assignee, the other branch of the Legislature had been misled. He did not propose to take away from the Chief Justice the appointment of gentlemen as official assignees all his amendment proposed was, that the Chief Commissioner, upon accepting the sequestration of the estate, should name the official assignee to whom it should be entrusted. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then moved the consideration of the amendments seriatim. Mr. DARVALL was proceeding to point out the necessity of insisting on the amendments MESSAGE FROM THE GOVERNOR. A message was announced from the Governor, and the House resumed. The message conveyed the assent of the Governor to the Pyrmont Bridge Company's Bill. INSOLVENCY BILL. Mr. DARVALL thought that there was no sufficient reason given in the Assembly's message for not insisting on the amendments which had been introduced and having pointed out the effect of the new fourth clause to which the Assembly had declined to agree, he intimated his intention of insisting on it. After some further discussion the question was put, and Mr. DARVALL having called for a division, there were for insisting on the amendment four, against eleven. The motion was consequently carried. It was agreed, without division, not to insist on the other amendments. The CHAIRMAN reported to the House that the committee did notices upon the amendments. The report was adopted, and a message was sent to the AbsorB to that effect. LICENSED PUBLICANS BILL. The House went into committee for the further consideration of the above bill. Clauses 45 to 55", were passed without comment. Clause 67, appropriation of drunkards'' fines Mr. B. RUSSELL thought this clause would take away a large part of the revenue of the charitable institutions. Hitherto the fines had been paid over to the hospitals or asylums in the various districts. There were several such in the country districts, and it would be unfair to take away any portion of the fines that went to their support. He would move the substitution of the following clause for that proposed .--"Provided-thai as to any district in which there is no such asylum or institution, then all such penalties . shall be paid toward the asylum or institution to which such district usually sends its patients requiring relief." The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the amendment would not meet the case put by the hon. member, as the words ought to indicate some distinct asylum. And even if the chain of were altered so as to direct that the drunkard?' fines should go to the district nearest having a hospital to where the persons were sent who required medical assistance, he contended that that would not be so beneficial to the general community as to give them all by virtue of the contribution of their fines, a right to send their sick to the Benevolent Asylum. The amendment might do for such places as Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst, but not for other parts of the country. Considering that this was a bill to continue the present law, it would be better to leave the law in this respect as it at present stood. If certain districts did not send their lines to the Benevolent Asylum, the sick from those districts would have no claim to ndinis . sion there. Mr. HOLDEN said it was desirable to know what these districts comprised whether they meant police districts. He approved of the amendment, but suggested that it should form an addition to the present clause instead of a substitution for it. 591 RUSSELL thereupon withdrew the amendment. Sir W. MANNING spoke in favour of Mr. Russell's proposal, and suggested some modification of it. After some discussion of a conversational character, it was agreed to postpone the clause. The eleven remaining CIOUBCB of the bill were then put, and passed without amendment. Verbal alterations were also made in some of the schedules, which were thereupon agreed to. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL proposed that they should then take the 67th clause of the bill. He moved pro forma that that clause be agreed to by the committee, and passed with the understanding that when the motion for the adoption of the report upon the bill came before the House on the following day Sir William Manning might move for a recommittal of (the bill. Such a course of proceeding was desirable in order that the lion. Chairman might be in a position to speak upon the subject. Sir W. MANNING seconded the motion, being desirous that the House might have the benefit of hearing the hon. the Chairman opposite upon the matter, that gentleman having been connected with the management of the Benevolent Asylum for many years past. On the motion for the adop tion of the report upon the bill, a reconsideration of this clause relative to the appropriation of drunkards' lines, could take place. The hon. member could then address the House. Mr. B. RUSSELL could not consent to the motion. Even as a pro forma motion the effect would be prejudicial to all the district hospitals of the country which now, from some ambiguity in the wording of the present Act, were permitted to receive the pecuniary assistance afforded by the appropriation of those fines. The Maitland Hospital now received 300 patients yearly, and would have to be shut up if it were to be debarred from these fines, aft a matter of fact all drunkards' fines, paid in the country, did not now go to the benefit of the Benevolent Asylum. After some few obser votions from the ATTORNEY GENERAL, and Mr. B. RUSSELL, Mr. KEMP said he should support the clause as it stood. He objected to the clause of a Publicans' Bill being incidentally made a means for a discussion respecting an alteration of the law relative to the paupers of the colony. No one was pledged to vote one way or another by now assenting to this clause. It was understood that the bill was to be re- committed in order that the matter referred to might be fully discussed. After some further discussion, in which Mr. B. RUSSELL and Sir W. MANNING took the principal part, Mr. B. RUSSELL withdrew his opposition and the clause was assented to. The House resumed and the bill was reported. Motion for the adoption of the report ordered for' to-morrow (thiS day), LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL BILL The order of the day having been called for the resump- tion of the adjourned debate on the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL. That HUM 1.111 be now read a second time," upon which Mr. Merewether had moved, by way of amendment, That the question be amended by the omission of the words "now read a second time," with a view to the insertion in their place of the words, " referred to a select committee to consider its several provisions, and to suggest any tmirndi.itnts wheelman be advisable for the constitution of an Elective Upper House, adapted to the performance of the important duties devolving on it and that such committee consist of the following members: - Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Butler, Mr. Darvall, Mr. Gordon, Mr Hargrave, Mr. Holden, Sir W. M. Manning, Mr. Robertson, Mr. Deas Thomson, and Mr. Merewether." \- Mr. W. RUSSELL said, that when he moved the adjournment of the debate, he was not aware that it would be necessary for him to reopen the debate. Long speeches were his abomination, and he should take care not to make a long speech himself. He had always been of opinion that the election of the Upper House should be on a different basis from the Lower. He was of opinion that the freeholders of the country should elect the Upper HOUBO; this would only be carrying out the principle which was now applied to juries. At all events the application of this principle to the election of on Upper House would, he thought, secure what was desired. Mr. MITCHELL said that he considered this measure us one of the utmost importance one which required the utmost consideration. The bill proposed an alteration in the organisation of this House a complete change in the Constitution the effect of which it was impossible yet to surmise. He desired, however, to say a few words in reply to what had fallen more particularly from the hon. Minister for Lands. He regretted extremely that that hon. member had thought it necessary to say anything in reference to the late President of the Council. No man - and be . (Mr, Mitchell) believed he knew the late President as well as any one - no man he said could take a greater interest in the Council than their late President did. And more than this, he believed that their late President fulfilled the duties of his office to the greatest satisfaction of every member of it, except perhaps the honorable Minister for Lands himself. He had a few words to say also with reference to the charge of obstruction, which had been brought against hon. members who formerly est on this side of the House. Mr. Mere- wether and Mr. Holden had spoken, and he (Mr. Mitchell) alone remained of the number which formerly sat here, and he now asserted for himself and others that no useful bill had ever been opposed by members on this side of the House. (*' Oh.") The honorable Minister for Lands might say oh, but let that honorable member mention measures, and he (Mr. Mitchell) was prepared to show that there had never been the obstruction which was charged against them. No doubt many bills had been submitted to this House-bills on most difficult subjects bills which required the most mature consideration. There was the measure on which the honorable member plumed himself most the Land Bill which contained more dis- putable matter perhaps than any bill over presented to any House. And surely it was not obstruction to oppose in that bill Hint which was contrary to right. He (Mr. Mitchell) had not out n addressed the House ; when he heard others express the opinions he held more forcibly and clearly, perhaps. than he could then he made it a rule to be silent. That Land Bill, however, with free ' selection before survey, and deferred payments, and many r other equally objectionable provisions, surely required opposition. So with the Chinese Bill, it would not be denied that there were clauses in that Wales sent to this House which required not only consideration, but opposition also. The hon. Minister for Lands plumed himself upon the Land Bill ; no doubt he had reason from the enormous power which it would confer on that Minister. Indeed, the sole object of the bill appeared to confer great powers on that Minister, and by and by with that bill the Minister for Lands would be able to carry in any Ministry he pleased. He (Mr. Mitchell) had said that there had never been any obstruction on this side of the House. [Mr. ROBERTSON- "The Impounding Bill." Mr. RUSSELL: "The Electoral Reform Bill'! He was glad that the hon member had alluded to the Electoral Bill, as to whether it was a reform had yet to be learnt He was opposed to manhood suffrage, and he was so still. But what was said when the Chartists, rot twenty years ago, wanted manhood suffrage what was said by Macaulay and others ? Give them manhood suffrage and you can refuse them nothing-you will have nothing more to give them. He held that manhood suffrage and civilisation could not go together, going to the fundamental principle of society all must labour, some with their heads some with their hands. As they laboured they would accumulate, and as they accumulated they must have the means of exchange, but the Minister for Lands by his bill had destroyed the means of exchange, had taken away the security for capital. However this bill proposed an organic change in the constitu- tion of this country. When their President was engaged in framing: a constitution for this colony, he foresaw that it I must combine three principles, so as to resemble, as nearly as possible, the constitution of the mother country. [Mr. 1 ROBERTSON: " Yes, the power of swamping. J so I should come presently to the swamping matter. He would here observe that the British Constitution was founded, whether by chance or not, on the principles of nature herself and so he would wish to see the Constitution of this country formed. -the hon. Minister for Lands, too, appeared very fond of raising up grants for the mere purpose of cutting off their heads, and in this way he was in the habit of not fairly representing what hon. members said-and replying to his own version. Thus he said Mr. Holden wanted to hand over the Government to minorities ; but Mr. Holden proposed nothing of the sort. What he said was, that where there were two parties, one numbering out and the other 409, it was not right that the 501 should have the whole power, and the 490 be wholly unrepresented. He , could not understand why the Minister for Lands and Mr. Russell should so strongly object to sending this bill to a. select committee. It was admitted even by them that it was most important measure, and surely they would desire to have as perfect a measure as possible. He (Mr. Mitchell) did not agree with the elective principle as applied to an Upper House. It would be far more analogous to the constitution of the mother country to have the members of the Upper House selected nominated appeared to be an unpleasant word selected by the Governor and the Executive Council. This might be provided for by a very slight alteration in the second clause and, before going further, he had one observation to make in reference to the Electoral Bill. The effect of that bill had been to throw the whole power into the hamlets, towns, and cities ; the landed interest had been excluded from all power, and in this bill only some two or three of the whole of the proposed constituencies could be satdtobelaudedccaishtueucios, I His (Mr. Mitchell's) opinion was that the landed price I should always be paramount here, however, the landed interest was entirely sacrificed, and the whole of war handed over to the commercial classes. What he desire ?! was that there should be a combination of interest that there should be a guard against the encroachment of any one of them and against error in the action of the rebels It was quite true that we could not have an aristocracy - hereditary, as in England-that such could not be disputed : but it did not follow that because we had not titles here entitling to seats in the Upper House of the Legislature that they should not get something (be nearest they could to it. Surely education, talent, property, were to be considered as something, else we should soon go back to a savage state. This, indeed, seemed to be the ruling principle of the hon. member, with a view to absorb all the power in his own hands. [Mr. ROBERTSON: The power in one man's hands i- with manhood suffrage !] And Jurlhcr,ns a bribe, their was held out free selection before survey- that was a crotchet of the hon. Minister's, and an unfortunate crotchet it was. [Mr. ROBERTSON: All fight.] The hon. Minister might laugh, but he could not disprove what he (Mr. Mitchell) said. He (Mr. Mitchell) was opposed to absolutism of every kind, but if he was to submit to an absolutism, he should prefer the absolutism of one to that of the many, and here we were exposed to popular absolutism which, in the one, unless a check were interposed, would utterly destroy our liberties. The hon. Minister for Lands should look to Nature herself. When a man planted a tree, he took care to plant it with all possible good points, so that it might grow up well. As with a tree, so with the human being. The child was born and grew (Mr. ROBERTSON : Like Topsy.) Sir W. MANNING rose to order. These interruption at every moment were not parliamentary. The PRESIDENT must request the Minister for Lands not to interrupt hon. members. Mr. MITCHELL continued The interruptions did not influence him. Perhaps they did him good. He had not hitherto taken much part in the debates, but if spurred on, he might do so, to the inconvenience of even the Minister for Lands. It appeared to him that the best way to provide for a second branch of the Legislature would be by a vested appointment, and he knew no better way of doing this than by slightly altering the second clause and making a slight alteration also, as to the power of Swamping. He would here say that one observation had fallen from the Minister of Lands which had shocked him. The hon. Minister had said that, if the Government had not had the power of swamping, and had not exercised it, the members of the late Council would have been turned out in some other way. He (Mr. Mitchell) looked on a seat in this House as entitling as much responsibility on him as would devolve upon him had he been elected by a constituency; no law should even press with his consent which could possibly inflict injury, and he would fearlessly assert that he had never given a vote in this House and he had been pretty regular in his attendance which he was not compelled to give by the operation of his own conscience. He would propose that the Upper House should consist of members selected by the Governor and Executive- to the number of not less than one- half, or more than two-thirds of the Assembly and the swamping power should only be given to a certain extent. By the diversity of opinion which would be then secured he thought they would secure something assimilating to the Government of the mother country. He should not detain the House longer now-, nor did me believe he should have troubled them at all but for the attacks which which had been made upon the late President and upon the members of the late Council. Mr. ROBERTSON rose in explanation. He had not gone out of his way to make an unnecessary attack upon the late President. He should not have said one word about the late President had not an honorable member (Mr. Merewether) gone out of his way to land the late President, and to characterise as noble a proceeding of hay in this House which he (Mr." Robertson) thought wholly unworthy, and he maintained that he had a right to express his opinion. Sir W. MANNING said he intended to support the motion for referring this matter to II select committee, and he would with great reluctance give his support to the motion which imported that the principle of election for the Upper House should be yielded by this branch of the Legislature. He was not a little surprised that on the last occasion when this matter was discussed, opposition to the proposal that the bill should be referred to in select committee should come from the honorable Secretary for Lands, because he had understood perhaps he had been misin- formed-that that proposal had been the subject of conversation on a previous occasion, and that the honorable gentleman had assented to the residence of the matter to a select committee, and that the persons to form that com- mittee had been named. Perhaps, however, he (Sir W. Manning was wrong in saying that he was surprised at the course recently taken, as he thought he understood how it was that a change in the hon. gentleman's opinion had come about It might be that this matter of the elective Upper House had been looked upon as political capital, which it would have been a pity to let out of the grasp of the Hon. Secretary for Lands; and it might have been considered a matter of policy with a view to some future constituency that it should not appear to the public that he had supported the reference of the Upper House Bill to a select committee, which it was not at all unlikely would cause the bill not to be passed this session. This bill related to matter of the gravest importance, land could any one deny that measure which would involve the welfare of the community, perhaps for ages yet to come, ought to receive that calm and deliberate consideration which it would meet with at the hands of a select committee of this House ? Could any one consider it fitting that such a measure should be hurried through the House at the tail end of a session r He, for one, would not be hurried in a matter of this sort. The bill had been brought into the Council somewhat late. In the early part of the session we had scarcely anything, to do, with this bill had been repeatedly positioned not at the instance of independent members but at the instance of members of the Government. And the hon. President had lately ruled, when the adjournment of the debate was under consideration, that the manner in which the bill had been brought forward did not indicate that it could be regarded as a matter of urgency. For his own part, he had had great difficulty in attaching to this bill anything like a sense of reality for he really could not convince himself that it was intended to be brought under the serious consideration of the House this session. Even now, so convinced did he feel that the bill could not pass this session, that he would be unwilling to trouble the House with any lengthened observations, did he not feel that the matter was so serious that the subject ought to be fully discussed, in order to prepare the way as far as possible for the formation of public opinion on the matter. Not only did it seem that it could hardly be expected by the Government that the bill should pass this session, but he confessed that, as for as he could judge, there was no desire on the part of the public for this measure. On the contrary, he was much disposed to believe that the public did not either expect or wish it. Not only could not the bill pass this session, but in his judgment it ought not. _ It should be the subject of discussion in more than one session of the Legislature, He was under the impression that there were very ' many who believed that the present Constitution had not had a sufficient trial, and that it was desirable to give it something like a trial before we rushed into changes affect ing the constitution of this House. With reference to him self, he could truly say that he had no personal interest whatever in what should take place in the matter ; he had no desire to be a life-member of the Council, or an elective member. He would gladly retire from this field, but he could not leave to others to discharge what he had under- taken without feeling it a dereliction of duty to the public to whom he owed so much. Having accepted a seat in the Council, it was his duty, if there was to be a change in the composition of this House, (o endeavour to put it on such a safe basis as to make it most conducive to the public welfare. It was all very well to say that the people thought that this House should be constituted by, election. But in the year 1883 the Legislature determined the present constitution of the Council and although the Legislature at that time consisted partly of nominees, a very large majority of the elected members were in favour of the constitution of a House like this. And he maintained that he held a seat in this Council by the voice of public opinion and being here he would perform his duties as on independent member of an independent House. He would here take notice of the term obstructiveness, which had been applied to this House whenever it thought in his conscience differently from the other branch of the Legislature. Those who preferred such a charge seemed to think that we were here simply to make verbal amendments. He maintained that this Council had co-ordinate powers and authority with the other branch of the Legislature, and that we were bound to record our deliberate opinions on measures that came before us and further, that when we happened to differ from the Assembly, we were not to be taunted with obstructiveness. If the public opinion in 1853 was in favour of the constitution of this House is now composed, what was the cause that they For at least those who were the most prominent amongst them were tired of this House : Was it that the Council had failed in the performance of its duties conscientiously and intelligently ? Or was it a love of change, or a desire to monopolise power in the hands of one party of the. community ? Before entering on the general question, he must give credit to his hon. friend the Attorney- General for the fair, calm, and lucid manner in which he had brought forward this measure ; but he confessed that he had seen no indications that the learned gentleman's own opinions accorded with those expressed in the bill. The learned gentleman seemed to look upon himself rather as the mouthpiece of the spokesman of the Government in this matter, more as the lieutenant of the Government than as one jointly in command. Still the learned gentleman deserved great credit for the calmness, and clearness with which he had proposed this bill'. He (Sir W. Manning) could hardly say the same with respect to another Minister of the Crown who hnd spoken on this question. Indeed, he confessed that, with regard to some portions of that hon. gentleman's speech, he had been unable to repress no slight feeling of indignation. That hon. gentleman seemed to think that it was properly the part of oratory- to mis-state the arguments of his opponents in order that he might have an easier victory and triumph than if he attempted to answer the arguments, and in order, by the force of contrast, to raise himself in public opinion. [Mr. ROBERTSON : "No."] The hon. member said, no; and it was to be hoped that the style he had adopted was merely an error of oratory- that he had fallen into without any intention to degrade or to detract from the merits of others. But the hon. gentleman had charged other hon. members with speaking contemptuously of the " lower orders of society. He did not know to whom the hop., | [ member referred ; but he was quite sure that not one word" that escaped in the course of the recent debate had justified thatromnrk. If it were to speak contemptuously of the II" lower orders " to attribute to them liability to errors, that he admitted theyhodbeon spoken of contemptuously But I was willing to admit that he was himnelfliablo to error, and it could not be considered contemptuous towards any class i of persons to attribute to them a similar liability The charge of the hon. member was, therefore, entirely without [ foundation. Why was the charge then made a Was it that an opportunity might be given to the hon. gentle WUP I , p state c ~TtMn classes of the community, " You are too Xan, 1 of with contempt in the Legislative Council, but I 'am I here as your friend and champion ; I Mnnd by you, and you must stand by me when the occasion comes." It was not in accordance with his (Sir W, Manning's) views on what should be done in a debate of this kind,, to a seek to make others odious in order to rise by the force of contrast and he much regretted that the hon. member had pursued that course. Mr ROBERTSON:, deny having done so. Two ? hon. members spoke of the wool out of doors as the lower orders. Mr. HOLDEN. If (the hon. member refers to me, I-, deny the charge. Thephruso occurred in a quotation It. read from Sir James Macintosh ; but the " lower orders were not there spoken of in terms of disparagement. Sir W. MANNING continued : Then, again, the hon. gentle man, in adverting to his hon. Wend, Mr. Holden, could speak of him in no better terms than as that crotchety old gentleman of Mr. ROBERTSON: » 1" said the crotchet? fcrocmbor/'| (liniiRhtcr.) However, the hon. gentleman had entirely miss stated His son. friend's argument, probably not bearing reid other Mr. Hare's book or Mr. Holden's letter, or his bill which iiM fined in the newspaper, and did not understand what he was speaking about, as he represented the soreness! to his hon. friend (Mr. Holden) as one for governing Symmons- ties. Now, there was not the slightest foundation for that alle- ' gation. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Holden.) Why was that state- ' meat made without any foundation, but in order to put the amu ments of the hon. member in a false position, and to show them to be absurd by irdpstatlng them ! Now, was that a right course to narrow The proposal of his hon. 'friend was simply that the representation of the colony should have a due proportion to the opinions of the people, that minorities. should be ropiwcntedin due proportion, that majorities should Still no major lies, but that they should not be absolutely despotic - The plan also provided that different parties should be represented in due proportion, but it left unaltered the fact of over ninety party; whatever party had the majority would still be able to Rovers. In this House, and in the other branch of the , Legislature, minorities were heard -they had their due weight there; if those who were" in a minority could give better reasons than their opponents it sometimes happened that, notwithstanding the spirit of party, they were able to w In over others to their views, and legislation took a different colour accordingly. All that his hon. friend asked was, that if minorities had their due weight amongst legislators, they should also have their due weight amongst the body of voters. That wM the simple principle which the hon. Secretary for Lands had per verted Into a statement that the proposal was one for Government by minorities, for government without party, The hon. Secretary for Lands made use three times of the expression (in his eagerness probably to be heard beyond the walls of the Council) that it was a libel on the Almighty Creator to suppose that the people could be wrong. ' * Mr. ROBERTSON : I never said that I said it was a libel on the great Creator of the universe to affirm that the majority of the people could be wrong. (Laughter.) 1 Sir. W. MANNING : Well, It was a distinction without a dif- ' terence. The hon. member rose to contradict him, and said the same thing in different words. What was the meaning of his corrected statement? was it intended to be received by us as a rational declaration, simply to pass through the walls of this House to be heard by a certain class of constituents outside? If that were the case, it was to be regretted that the name of the Almighty should have been introduced to give point to a piece of bunkum, (Hear, hear, and' laughter, in which Mr. Robertson took part. The hon. member might laugh-poiLnps they were laughing matters to him to him (Sir W. Manning) they were not. He was one of those who was always disposed to attach great weight to the deliberate opinions of sensible people-an opinion not formed at once, nor upon hasty impulses when led away by demagogues, but the sense of the people arrived at after frequent discussion and mature delibera- tion. Did the hon. member mean that majorities were always right, even after they had given matters their deliberate consideration! Did he mean that majorities were always right, although they said one thing to-day and another to Gronow Did he mean that the people under all circumstances were always right if they were in a majority! The Chinese were God's creatures just as much as the Australians or the English, and were the decisions of thou- majorities always right! The French, too, were God's creatures, and were they right when a . majority worshipped the Goddess of Reason 3 He might refer to ( them cases in which the decision of the majority could not be regarded as right. Would the hon, member say" who was right and who wrong in the North American Stntesat'present! A majority in the Northern States no doubt thought that the Southerners ought to be subjected to them and the Southerners thought that they ought to be free. But according to the hon. member, the majority, on either side, being God's creatures, must necessarily , by infallible. But it was really sickening to hear such arguments presented to an assembly of men of education arguments which were spoken really to tickle the ears of those who " loved flattery, and not to be sensible people of any class. , In introducing the bill into that House, instead of the Legislative Assembly, he held that the Government had acted rightly, for it was on to) nil reason that alterations in the constitution should originate in that branch of the Legislature which it was proposed to regulator control. He quite admitted that it was difficult for either branch of the Legislature satisfactorily to deal with this matter the settlement of any such great change was something - not easily made, and fortunate was that State where there were philosophers and sages?, like those that took a prominent part in framing the American Constitution. men able and willing to discharge such duties. As to the moth is influencing hon. members , engaged in the discussion of this bill, he did not see how their intentions could be misrepresented or misunderstood, now that the elective principle was assented to. Whatever hon. members did in this, it must be quite clear that in assisting to pass this bill they were as members of that House signing their death warrants. (Hear, hear.) They could not therefore be considered as unduly biassed, or be looked upon as swayed by any other motive but a sincere desire to do what was for the benefit of the entire Community. (Hear, hear.) He desired to say a few words as to that which was generally known as the swamping of the Home, Minister, who were no statesmen, might very possibly think it no harm to put in as members of the , Legislature, certain parties who were to exercise their functions as legislators tor is not longer term than forty-eight hours ; but if the same persons have had to be put in for life, the Government would, he thought, have hesitated before they ventured to make the nominations that they did. The fact of their bengaline membership, at the time to which he referred would, in his" opinion, have prevented those appointments, and have obliged" the Government to feel some definite sense of responsibility. The danger to the Constitution none was not now its obstructive ness, but its want of strength-its want of independence of the Minister for the time being. [Sir W. Manning bete read an extract from a speech delivered by him in Parliament on the pof sing of the Constitution Bill. ] in what he had said at the time of the passing of the Constitution Bill, he had been right as to the danger that might be anticipated, but he had been wrong in the hopes which he had supposed that he might entertain as to the non-use of the stamping power. With regard to what had actually taken place, at the swamping of the Council, he desired to remind hon. members that he was not, at that time, a member of the House, and to state that he did not consider himself called upon to defend Sir William Burton for the course which had been thought proper to adopt. This, however, he deemed it right to say that he had no doubt as to the propriety of the course adopted by those members of the Council who had then retired from the House. [" Oh, oh," from Mr. B. Russell.] He heard a cry of " Oh, oh," from an hon. member who was not perhaps the best qualified person to form an opinion 03 to what was most befitting to a member of that House, but he did not hesitate to state w line was his opinion upon that subject. He believed that the new nominations had been such as gave satisfaction to the country. (Hear,, hear.) But he thought that public opinion had' not been without its due influence therein ; the Ministry felt that a fatal error had been committed, and had done their best to rectify it. (Ironical cries of " Hear, < hear.") It could not but be considered an unfortunate conjunc- ture of events that, at the time when the last session was drawing to a close, a Governor who had great experience in governing the colony was about to leave it, and that a new Governor was Coming to whom the colonists and the state of their public affairs were unknown, it might very possibly M> happen that the Governor formed a right judgment upon erroneous premises, and was not correctly informed as to all the facts of the case. Riley v all knew with what of pen of full imagination the Secretary for Lands was gifted, and could almost fancy the dramatic manner in which the supposed state of affairs had been put forth. He could quite understand how the hon, member, feeling very strongly, must have spoken upon the subject, and that the Governor taking that for prose which was only poetry-supposing those. . Vere facts which were only fictions-had rightly thought it desirable to take the steps he did. Mr. ROBERTSON said the hon. member was misrepresenting , him, but he supposed that he had licence to do so. Sir W. MANNING, in respect of the imputation brought against the Council as being obstructive, would take leave to remind the House that several of the alterations made in the Land Bill in the Upper House had actually been proposed some months. before by the hon. the Secretary for Lands himself. There were also certain various provisions in that bill upon which it would appear that the hon. member had very recently changed his opinion. Nevertheless, it really would seem to be the view or r the hon. member that that House was obstructive simply because it had not accepted, in all its perfection or deformity, a bill on which he had thought proper to set his scab At the close or the speech of Mr. Merewether, the other night, the hon. the Secretary for Lands had denied that there had been any proposi- tion for a conference between the two Houses on the subject or the Land Bill. ["No, no," from Mr. Robertson.] He certainly had so understood the hon, member, and so, he believed, had other hon. members. (No, no.) ..... Mr. HOLDEN' said that the impression left on the mind of the House had been that there was to be a conference. Mr. ROBERTSON : How can the hon. member know that, He is not the House. (Hear, hear.) Sir W. MANNING, in continuation, said that what was wrong was the sudden way in which the Government had come down upon the House, not giving it an opportunity for having a conference with the other branch of the Legislature. At home, on a difference of opinion occurring between the Upper and Lower Houses, a conference always took place when both Houses insisted. [Sir W. Manning here quoted a prcccdcnt.frotti,Mny relative to the insistance of the Lords as to some amend- , ments made by them in the Jews' Oaths Bill, and. proceeded.] What had been done by the Government in swamping that House was something that might be done again. t and it was with the greatest reluctance, therefore, that he had been compelled to come to the conclusion that the basis of the House must be made elective (Hear, hear.) There had been, plans devised to protect the independence of a nominated House, but none of them could be looked upon as effectual. One plan has, been that no new appointment should be made except by water- ence to the Secretary of State upon the subject ; but the inconvenience of such an arrangement must be manifest. In the rush idea of responsible government it had been proposed to how hereditary members; but that he had opposed, because there was not here any one who could confer road JJ rank. He had been obliged to come to the note that the Upper House would have to be made elective. To show . not say very much on the point as to whether there should be one House or two Houses. is appeared to be the chaos universal opinion that there should be two lines S . assumed that there were to be two Houses, and traffic that the hon. Minister for Lands avon ed a different f-PJ^pK* ' wnsthevlewoftheG-VTmrocnt.as expressed in pass". its thought, indeed, that no other opinion. could be held? sees "a . I mind inclined to be despotic, and impatient TI chwkorcortroL If members of the other branch of Legislature were desirous of exercising despotic power, they would be averse to any school-; and therefore opposed saMes a second branch of legislature ; if the people out of "if says to exercise despotic power through their Wediate «1'"«»"* lives, they she would be opposed to the existence or »«}««*. and, there for., would be opposed ton second branch line WEd Batiste. But as statesmen, of all times, agreed that Feigl plan of the hon. member's was at the bottom of all to opinions -ndWsBUtcracnts as to the obstructions or this Home- This House howevcr was not a mere House of revision If that were ïtonuroMe; then the expression of independent opinion, the TCICCXof a measure lent to them, would be obstruction Such was not the case, this House was a co-ordinate hSh of the Legislature He would ask, would -Sea commttee as that proposed by the hon member venture to pose a measure which has passed! a first and second read- ng! they might point out trivial errors or inconsistencies but they would not have to deal with principles If they did they would not be listened to, would not be tolerated. 1 nib House, however, was not so tied down it had co ordinate, co-equal powers ?T-matter^xcept taxation and expenditure proper, with the other much of the Legislature He was surprised to hour the C nièmb r¿yThcreVasiio principle involved, and he maintained that It was a matter or most important principle It was important not only that there should be two Houses, but also that he shall be differently constituted so that they might be likely to see and examine the same subject from different points of view There was no question that could be submitted to the Ice Nature which might not be view ed in different lights, and it was most desirable there fore, that all measure- should be submitted to people likely to look at them in different way s. There were various ways in which this object might be obtained give members of the second House i different tenure let them have different interests, let them be of more in time age, by this and many other means the object might be attained. Before all, however, it must he seemed that the second Chamber should not be a mere duplication of the other One important office of a second Chamber was to prevent haste in legislate on-but Such a committee as that proposed by the hon. member could not do this they would not deal with principles at all. Again, show was the public mind to be informed the public mind required to be informed as a judge was, by hearing conflicting opinions and arguments, but was it to be supposed that this committee, chosen out of the single Chamber itself, would afford the access time for the public to be so informed, that this committee would check hasty legislation, or prevent the -single Chamber horn being carried away by its own impulses, or perhaps by the impulses of the people out of doors J the second branch of the cgislaturc-is this House-might, however, inter- raise the required ched , might postpone, delay , they might discuss a measure this session and then postpone it to the next, in order that the public mind might be into meet and have time to come to a right decision Indeed, it was sometimes the proper function or this House as the second branch of the Legislature, to obstruct, it was also important that there should be a div ersatz of Interests abandon the two branches or the Legislature he would go fill the midst of classes, not that one class should over exercise any supremacy over another, but because, from their different positions, they would probably view the same matter it in different lights, and the public mind would be manned, and sure IcgislutiMi arrived at He (Mr Vv Manning) did not wish Um at any time such a state of things should arise as that the Upper branch of the legislature should ultimately resist the will of the people, or set themselves up against public opinion , nor did he think such would ever be the case. He would now call attention to one or two matters which had recently occurred, to show the operation of this second branch of the Legislature A bill was sent up to this House-the Church and School Lands "ill-this House refused to pass it. Would the hon member's committee have done this? This House had refused to pass the bill, and the honorable member the Minister for Lands concurred Did that hon member hold them to be obstructionists thou or did he think otherwise, as in this case they happened to agree with him c-Mr ROBERTSON 2 cs, obstructionists, and I was one of them There was another bill the Chinese Bill, in which was a clause which this House refused to pass, although the Minister for hands supported it He supposed they would be considered obstructionists in this case, notwithstanding that he found that in the other branch of the Legislature the same clause was opposed by the principal Secretary, by the Colonial Treasurer, and by the Minister for Works no really could not tell whether (seeing that three Ministers were of the same opinion with them they would be considered lists unionists or not there was another bill which had come up to them-the Judges and other Officers Qualification Bill-a bill which proposed to open toasted geysers) respectable persons no doubt, but still he thought ob 3cctionablc-to open to them the highest judicial offices in the country The bill was so obnoxious to the hon Minister for Lands that he would not touch it [Mr K0B_"-SON "It was not a Government measure."] However, the House rejected the measure as sent to them and the Assembly) had since agreed to the principal amendments made in it. What the House had done in reference to these measures was useful, and in the proper exercise of their co-ordinate power with the other branch of the Legislature. The committee of twenty five would not have dared to touch such matters, cr If they had they would have been reprimanded and sent about their business [Afr ROBmiSON These are all small matters ] The hon Minister thought that the Church and School Lands Bill was a small matter-that the opening up of the highest judicial office, in the land was a small matter He (Sir W Manning) did not, but, small or large, this House had exercised its powers for the public good Assuming, then, that there were to be two houses, the next question was how was the SCCMIII House to be formed At present it was by nomination-not nomination as of old, by mi irresponsible Governor, but by the Governor with the advice of his Executive Council Ministers responsible to the other branch of the Legislature in a far greater degree than to this House-and this, too, with the safety valve, the power of swamping Hon (Sir W Manning) contended that the present constitution, with nomination of members of the Legislative Council for life, had not been fairly tried there was a vast difference between a nomination for five years and a nomination for life, and he thought it very possible that those who were nominate-for life would exercise their powers and perform their duties with a more serious sense of their responsibilities, than those who were nominated for five cj ears only He should have been glad if our instances would have permitted a fair trial to be given to the TO sent constitution, but some people, like schoolboys, thought the experiment might be decided in a day However, he was not prepared to resist what was said to be the public opinion now namely, that the Legislative Council should be elective tie did indeed believe that no small change had of late taken place in public opinion, and if, after the necessary time had been given for the consideration of this question, the public should love to the opinion which they held years ago, they might yet continue their present constitution for a time, at all events but unless that opinion was deliberately exploded, He was, as he had said, prepared to yield to what was now supposed to be the opinion in favour of an elective House then was to be considered how was the second chamber to be elected Were they to have manhood suffrage, without any checks to prevent the legislative Council from being made a duplication of the legislative Assembly? He said, no It was true that there were in the bill some provisions which prevented this to some extent. One provision was important, namely, thither,. was to be no dissolution of the Council It had been proposed in \- formal bill, to make the Council liable to dissolution, in the fame way as the Assembly He fully agreed with thoresen I revision There was a provision, also as to the age of mem- ore to be eligible, a man must have attained thirty-five years, and this, to a certain extent, ensured ox defence and freedom from the rash impulses of youth j here was a provision in the bill with which he could not agree mm that was the division of the electorates and the proportion of members With the exception of the two electorates of Sydney), which each had two members, all the other electorates were to Jiuv c one member each, and in ever j one of them the majority I would have the whole power, and the minorities shower or 1M go would not have a ghost of a chance of being heard He policy ed that would be absolutely necessary to devise some means to form a House which shall be a counterpoise to the Assembly If the same electors returned members to both branches of the Legislature the members themselves requiring no difference of up nlincation-there could be no doubt but that men of the same opinions would be returned by the same majorities, nndmflucnecd in the same way by the impulses of the people. There was no doubt that the public mind was sometimes bible to storms-then storms did good, as cleaning the moral atmosphere but those were dangerous while they lasted, and it was only by placing the constitution on a sound basis that they could hope to prevent its being swept away She was not going to express any opinion as to whether manhood suffrage was or was not desirable he found manhood suffrage established here for election to the Assembly, and he would not express any desire to see it changed It was his duty to accept the law as he found it, and not to take up objections to that mode of representation But with reference to this House, it was a question whether manhood suflrigeoughttobo adopted- whether on the mere ground or a siding a duplication of the Assembly we ought not to insist upon some day empty in the principle of the suffrage He quite admitted that a great deal was to be said in Jay our of manhood suffrage for elections to the legislature, was the regard to municipal institutions, property was a fair qualification for the suffr ice because propel ty was taxed, but in reference to general legislation, a wider bullrushes was advisable, because taxa- tion extended to the community at large But this was not the proper time to discuss the abstract theory applicable to such cases, especially on considering that this House was to have nothing to do with matters of taxation. He would not say that manhood suffrage might not properly be applied to elections to this House it we could dev is no other principle by which the necessary attributes of distinction between the two branches of the Legislature could be secured He should be glad indeed, if some plan could be devised to secure this distinction without in volving any distinction in the matter of the suffrage In the year 1848 Mr. Martin, convert nblespeeh, proposed that freeholders only should have votes for members of the Upper House, bathe MEAN Manning) expressed Has undesirable that one class of the community should have votes for both Houses, and others have votes only for one But he did not see how the object he «lcslrcdcould be realised, except upon the plan proposed by his hon friend, Mr Holden The reason why it was generally considered that there should be some property qualification for votes for the Upper House was not any desire to show any preference Jw a particular class, but that the instincts (as he might call them) of property and position were useful to the legislation of a country And so long as these instincts could be brought into may In legislation he had no desire to see a distinction existing between different classes with regard to the suffrage The question was, whether the plan proposed by his hon friend, " the crotchety old gentleman "-(laughter)-would answer this object but proposal was, he found, applicable to any kind of suffrage, and it appeared to him that it would, if carried out, enable us to dispense with distinctions between different classes of voters He was strongly inclined to support his hon friend, and to agree with Mr stuart Mill, that, Mr. Hare's plan had solved the difficulties of political government. His Son Incnd, so for from being spoken of with disrespect, as he had been, deserved the thanks the community for the great pains he had taken in the introduction of . ?í"í?,s shams!' having thrown his whole heart and soul into li It did certainly strike him (Sir W. Manning as absolutely monstrous that where (as was the case in Sydney not many years ago) two parties were very evenly balanced, the party leaving bare, majority should elect every single member , while the other party, almost equal in numbers, was entirely unrepresented in the Legislature Suohastatoof things was neither reasonable am right Ifwo were to have the benefit of the general sense of the people or the country, the way to do it was to let each have a fair share At last, we must come to majorities At ., W. to»? cry she heard, and the result would be the greater safety to the country and the greater wisdom to the Legislature. He would confess, however, that his mind was somewhat in suspense as to whether the scheme of Mr Hare ought to be adopted, or as to any other means for securing a distinct c character to this branch of the Legislative e As to whether there should be a second House, he was clear on that point, as to its being clearly e, he was prepared to give way as to the notes suit or preventing um Upper House being a duplication of th 1 owner, he was clear as to that, but as to how it should be done he confessed he was in doubt It was in order that those doubt might be solved that he would support the motion for referring the matter to a select committee and he hoped that if the committee should be appointed the hon the President would consent to take the chair of it. He hoped, also, that whatever or might b the ultimate form of the Upper House, it would not An in substance be a mere reflex of the Lower House mu thereby convert the Constitution into a pine and dangerous democracy, but that it would be a House that would be of use to the country for ages yet to come , ""says moved the adjournment of the debate till to iSi^"-¡Ä to the precedence of all other business _nnn-?v?BTPT^»'".tf the adjournment were agreed to, "hoped the House w ' uld consent to sit on Friday the motion for adjourning the debate was then put and carried increasing business was postponed and the House adjourn at a quarter past ten o'clock until this afternoon at four o'clock to ?d"sh<P> H -S c have been desired by John G Cohen toMhoh-mk"tlon,°f toners, boot and shoe buyers, buyers Finals! in A "P 0tfe' towns most important sales this day, 9 ou_&,?SÏCr, 2t '' 1841' at the Bank Auction Room, at Hqo'c!_c? will c,ockdTaBC- Pile's. Shop twine, c at m_5__-¿»IíanaeMof 17-18 in st "boys, from the celebrated -Am avie Dent Sons' London, without any reserve iRosiiABh CREEK, NOVEMBER 27 - Messrs. James. Robertson rises' '?.," note to the M "mMc Artur that out of M s of quartz, they extracted 517 ore 17 dwts w Z o bold 