MINING INTELLIGENCE. Tbe Ballant East Quartz Company had a crushing lately, but the yield was unre munerative. Thia was,'hoverer, only an experimental lot, and cannot be looked upon aa indicative of the value of the claim. The Good Chance Company have amal gamated with the Victoria "Consolidated Company, and the united companies have taken the name and style of the Main Road Company. The Victoria had a battery, but had not succeeded in finding paying quartz, while the Good Chance had a reef without a battery, so the amalgamation was no doubt mutually beneficial. Stone is being crushed, but there has been no clearing out yet. The stone raised is from 140 feet level. The Prince Albert Company have given up sinking their new shaft, and are taking quartz from the face of the hill, but the returns from the battery have not yet transpired. The Enterprise Company's last week's returns were not so good as on previous occasions, only some 20 or 33 ozs. being ob tained. The late project for a reorganisa tion of the company on a larger basis has fallen through, and the proprietary remains as before. But this result is not due, we believe, to any alteration for the worse in the actual position of the company, but rather to the general deadness of the share market just now and the disinclination of several of the old shareholders to favor the proposed reorganisation. The Llanberis Company are about to in crease the reducing power from eight to twenty heads. Messrs Carter & Co., of the Phoenix Foundry, have contracted for the supply of the additional iron work and gearing, and the whole additions and repairs will most likely be completed this week. Some alterations in the ripple boxes will be included in the changes to be made, and it is very likely the new batteries will tell their tale in an increased average per ton. The rich specimens recently found by this company were not found, as reported, near the boundary of the Enterprise Company, but about midway between the upper and lower shafts of the Llanberis Company. The Wellingtonia Company's first clear ing out produced something over 30 ounces, and we hear the yield is regarded as satis factory, though in the absence of accurate details as to the number of tons reduced, we can form no notion of the average per ton. At present, however, this company's shares appear to be in very fair estimation, and the action of the batteries is, with the drawback previously alluded to, regarded as good. There is good stone in and about the claim at a shallow level, in proof whereof we hear that Mr Spanhake, of the Union Hotel, has a vein of quartz iu his cellar which he is working to a good profit, as much as an ounce a week, if our information be correct, being sometimes knocked out by the primitive precesses patronised by mine host of the hotel in question. The Welcome Nugget Company have struck some good looking stone in then shaft in the Black Hill Flat, but no prospect has yet been obtained sufficiently good to re cover the shares from the depression undei which they have been for some two or tbree weeks. The recent sale of share is described by a corrrespondent as a 'buying in," but the absence of high bidders indicates the actual value in th market at present. Those, however, who know most about the company hold shares firmly, in full persuasion of the ultimate re munerativeness of the ground. There is little doubt that in so wide an area as that held by the company, and in such a situa tion, some good reefs exist practically ex haustless in their extent; but it is simply question of time and money as to the mak ing of the enterprise profitable. To go to lower levels and put in drives more capital will be required, and that done, the value of the claim may be fully established as second to few in the district. There was a special general meeting < the Grand Junction Alluvial Compac (Yandoit), at the George Hotel, on Monds evening, when a sub-committee was a] pointed to inspect certain machinery offen to the company for their works at Yandoi the decision on tenders sent in being pos poned until the report of the sub-committ shall be received. The suing for unpa calls and the forfeiture of shares were al discussed, and other matters of detail we: considered, after which the meeting a j o urned. The Tannery Company have not alt gether given up the ghost it appears, son of the shareholders having faith still in tl possibility of making the enterprise pay. bard work and persevering courage won render success certain, this company wou have little reason to think about giving i in despair. The Southern Cross Conman on the northern side of Sturt street, reckc with the greater confidence on securing tl gntter, now that it is rumored their Tannei neighbor« are less sanguine than heretofoi but neither party is ia a position to " blov much as yet. As matters stand no signs deep ground have been met with by eith company, and both are punching away the reef. The Southern Crucians are dri ing north- east, and are in 200 or 300 fe« and certainly the problem as to the gutt seems more likely now to be solved by the than a month or two ago, when less w known of the ground on the Tannery si< But as we said before, all is doubt at preset A shareholder in the Hand-in-Hand Coi pany, Inkermann, writes to correct our 1: notice of their works, and says that, inste of the ground by the Republic bounds being exhausted, " that the said ground, ev to work the lower stratum of wash-dirt, all appearance' will last at least fiftt months, and if they be fortunate enough work the top stratum, which lays on a fa bottom varying from six to eight feet abo the permanent bottom, without an overfli of water, they have the expectation of hi ing paying work on that piece of grou for nearly three years." The Hopewell Company, at Pru Regent's Gully, have recently made a tr crushing bf cement taken from their cia with a very satisfactory result, 18 tx having yielded ll oz. 10 dwts of gold. 