MR. BLUSHINGTON AT THE BALL. FELLOW can't look very picturesque, Seated upon a high stool at a desk, Even when some plea- sant circumstance is told, That causes gesture to be uncontroll'd. Yet passions will defy convention's rule, And find expression on an office stooL For proof: said Hil- lary, that merry cricket, A few days since— "Blushington, here's your ticket, Inclos'd with one for me." "What! for the ball!" Cried I, as soon as I that pasteboard saw; "Why, yes," said Hillary, with a high- bred drawl, "The Governor—his Excellency—aw! Unhappily deficient in artillery, Wants such great guns as Blushington and Hillary." How we both laughed! each mouth an oblong cavity: I was the first to re-assume my gravity. "Hillary," quoth I, "you know you are possess'd Of every thought and feeling of my breast: To you my love for Emily is known, A love, old fellow, which I dare not own. Now, she'll be there, as sure as eggs are eggs, Having an invitation, and—" "two legs," My friend put in, "which she'll not let be still, When challeng'd for the polka or quadrille." "Well, but for either if I can't demand,— What a dire fix!—the honor of her hand?" "Not ask a girl to dance! you can't! you won't!" "O Hillary! my horrid mauvais honte! 'Tis that—it grows upon me more and more—" "Bosh! you're an ass!" cried Hillary, with a roar. "I am an ass, with a fool's sheepish face," I said that evening, as I homeward walked; "I'll screw my courage to the sticking place;— What! a mere girl! Bah!"—in this strain I talk'd. Meanwhile, my gain'd Terpsichorean skill, I manag'd to get into good condition, "Set" to the bedpost with a right good will, And did my shaving in the first position; Seiz'd with a bound my hat from off its peg, Made graceful bows to beings self-created, Practis'd, in short, in every way each leg— And now the night came, on the pasteboard stated. Entering the ball-room, "here's a sight," cried Hillary, "To make one's neck as pliant as a turtle's, Ee'n were it fix'd as fast as in the pillory;— Look at these human roses, lilies, myrtles! Where'er one turns, some Hebe, or some Venus;— From being taken in and done for screen us! Does not this scene, old Blushington, diffuse A rapture in your heart?" ('twas in my shoes); "I feel in Heaven." Quoth I, "I feel the same," While a cold moisture overspread my frame. Now Hillary met acquaintances and nodded, And smil'd with some, with some exchang'd a laugh, While I of abject fear the type embodied, Stuck close to him, as to a cow its calf. Afraid to gaze in the girls' lovely faces, I sneak'd past muslins, moire-antiques and laces. "Not seen your girl? I fancy she's not here, Or not yet come," said Hillary, with a nudge; "O, Hillary! I feel so precious queer!" "You feel so precious queer? stuff! nonsense! fudge! I'll find a partner for you in a jiffy, From Thames's banks, or banks of Clyde, or Liffey; One quite as worthy of poetic simile, And manhood's best devotion, as your Emily." He said, and deaf to prayer and protestation, He made his way towards an awful bevy Of Heaven's last, best gifts granted to creation, From whom my partner he designed to levy. "Ah, Mrs. Mastodon!" cried he, and bow'd To one in front, whose fleshly tabernacle The ghost of Daniel Lambert might have cow'd, And atrophy would never dare to tackle; "Permit me," (then aside to me, "you duffer Why don't you bow?" "O Hillary! I can't suffer—") "Permit me my young friend to introduce, Who knows his liberty will need excuse, But hopes to thrive if I his suit advance;— You'll be his partner in the mazy dance?" Then "Mr. Blushington" and "Mrs. Mastodon," The lady smiled; my face a grin aghast had on. My partner waits, so bye bye for the present." Oh dismal fate! I had to do the pleasant. But how I did it memory will not blab, Tis like a dream concocted by Queen Mab; Yet will I note, by panic wild advised, I mentally the band apostrophised— "Ho, Johnson! leader! thou whom folly warps, Lie down and stiffen forthwith to a corpse; Ye violins, and flutes, and flageolets, Straight pay to nature your respective debts; Yea all who staves of melody supply, Like good accommodating fellows die!" Heedless, they tuned their instruments with care, With casual thrum, and momentary blare. What terror to the bailiff's grip is due, I know not, for I live within my "screw;" But when upon, or near, my shoulder-blade The hand of Mrs. Mastodon was laid, And off we went, careering on our way, Like a pin-cushion with a bodkin frisking, Or like a hay-fork with a load of hay, I felt that I my sanity was risking. There sits Sir Henry, ill at ease that sitter, Swallowing his handkerchief to stay his laughter, Her Ladyship sits choking down the titter, As we whirl by, to be indulged in after; And there sits General and Mrs. Pratt, I can guess pretty well what they'd be at, But that decorum holds here sovereign sway, And will not give their facial muscles play. And there stands Emily, as past we flee, Her face a mixture of concern and glee; Glee as she sees how oddly we are paired, Concern at witnessing how ill I fared. For the stout lady gave me lots of work, Agile as Ellsler, buoyant as a cork, Twisting and twirling with experienc'd hop, Till I began to fear she'd never stop. Then I grew dizzy, murmering "no more," Then made a letter X upon the floor. "Get up, my friend, and hand me to a seat, These accidents are not at all particular." So said my partner with a smile so sweet, That somehow I attain'd my perpendicular, And led her to a seat, as I was bid. "Now sit by me, and laugh," and so I did. And now we talk'd, familiarly gay, Of this and that, the opera, the play. Of Brooke's departure, how he got on board, And other topics in our brainpans stored. At length she said "you see that sylph-like girl, Whose hair has got somehow quite out of curl, She wants a partner, mention me and sue For her fair hand—do as I bid you, do." Prettily said, and with an arch expression, But how, thought I, shall I find self-possession? How muster (and my heart sank) strength and vigour, To grapple with that gaunt and bony figure? Her face—there's nothing English, Irish, Scotch, in it. 'Tis a colonial axe with a large notch in it. I turned to Mrs. M. and sought to plead, "Ho, ho," said Hillary, "that arm akimbo Denotes you've plac'd your mauvais honte in limbo; Turn the key on it and don't let it out You've found your partners to your mind no doubt?" "O Hillary, such charming creatures, really, I'm quite in love with both of them, or nearly." "Well, well, I'm glad you got so bravely on; Let's go and chat with Mrs. Mastodon," They talk'd, and presently the lady cried "Hillary, who is that charming creature yonder?" (Be still, my heart,—'twas Emily she spied), Can no one tell me who she is I wonder?" Then Hillary whisper'd in her ear, and laugh'd, And then she said, "Blushington, now make play, "Not a word, sir, you must—you must indeed. I slunk away, and my request preferred, And courteously was taken at my word, And found my partner, ere the dances close, Spite of her monstrous Wellingtonian nose, As pleasant a companion as I ever Held intercourse with, so witty, humourous, clever! "A fine young fellow that, goes in to win Golden opinions from our girls and dames," Said an old gentleman of sage-like chin; " 'Tis that," observed his friend, "at which he aims. Or young or old, tis all the same to him, Or whether they are fat, or whether slim; Such true politeness here is far from common, 'Tis thus he shows he reverences woman." My partner blushed—'twas plain that I was meant. Drawing her arm in mine, elate I went, And gave my slim one to my fat one's care; Then gaz'd around with a triumphant stare. Don't stand there looking, as the Scotch say, daft, But ask her hand. Now off he goes—hurrah!" And off I went, no subject for a cheer That might have better hail'd Cremorne's last rocket. My hang-dog face made me, I felt, appear Like one who was about to pick a pocket. Something I mumbled, and my brain spun round. Her answer in the music's crash was drown'd; And then—how it fell out I can't conceive— My modesty was absent without leave; I talk'd, and talk'd, and all occasions seized Still to talk on, and Emily was pleased. "I'll call to-morrow, Emily, my life—" "To-morrow you must call on no pretence, On Saturday I'm like Othello's wife, For then the house affairs will draw me thence." Sweet orderly economist!—"Let's say On Monday then?" "That's Separation Day" "And that you would not like? As sure as fate That day we'll vow we ne'er shall separate." All this was heard as we were going out, And overheard by Hillary, no doubt. "Come, pretty good; what think you Mrs. M.? Our plot works well; we've taught the lad to speak. All blushes and no cheek if we condemn, We must approve no blushes and all cheek." That rascal Hillary!—no, that glorious friend, Whose stratagem had such a blissful end. Papa was gracious; with a deal of pleasure Mama consented to give up her treasure. All's settled, and to-morrow makes her mine. I drink your health, Punch, in Australian wine. 