CLUNES. (From our oten Correspondent.) March 22. IN another ¿olamn maj be read the business report of the Clunes Municipal Council, wherein the following resolution was unani- mously agreed to- Councillor Bose absent -namely : " That the representative of the press be requested to confine his reports of the meetings of the Council to thc business done, and not refer to the way in which it is transacted." What, in the name of freedom, does this mean? Werenot"yourown"too frequently a witness of the proceedings of our financial dictators, there might be less need for an illustration of their ways and means ; hut in what way offence has been given is not stated. No explanation was made, or a .chargeof untruth attempted to be substan- tiated. I have no morbil desire to bring the Council into contempt-ergo, after many a hearty laugh at a witticism or some eccen- tricity of a celebrated punster, whose small jokes are something not relieved from a dash j of cynicism. Has not the public been de- prived of participation? May I remind the Council that an omission was made in my last, of some hasty words spoken, and some strictures passed upon them by * visitor, which, believing to be uncalled for, were expunged from my note book, and without control I should have done so again ; but, although forbidden to roam, I do not agree to become a parody of the Ghost in Hamlet, and be forbidden to tell the secrets of an open court. I now proceed to " speculate" upon what induced Councillor Morrison to make bis despotic attempt. His motion was proposed immediately after stating his ob- jection to thc privilege to be enjoyed by Cr. Symons' successor, "that he did not believe in the new blood rushing to the top of the tree right off." Was it a fear of depriving him of the seniorship to which he evidently lias the right,'as he claimed in the meeting referred to, the credit of proposing ten motions out of twelve, as reported-the majority of which his pritegc supported Councillor, Gubbins to be referred to ? or was it a little jealousy ? or wi s it a dread ¡ of publicity, having the following in his" recollection ? That during s warm discus- sion concerning the interest <tf the batchers of this town, lie set at defiance the debate, by interpolating a query to lis protege, who, some six weeks ago was unsuccessful in a motion respecting the commons question. The joke had a personal si^ificano-- ThiT councillors' countenances (were -disturbed with suppressed mirth, evidently more pleased than offended at the intrusion. Cr Morrison may essay mmpetition with a superior disciple of Grinaldi, but must not look for an indulgence td libitum. Thia last joke I hope will prov/ his^ final effort. Surely the gagging of public communica- tion is not seriously mjant ? I would remind Cr Morrison to ref Jct that he coins his " siller'' by retailing the news of the day, and that he may not ind. it to bis in- terest to choke the liberty sf the press . Yet Cr Morrison is not alone. It is shown that our little imperium in i tperio-our sub government has aided ai 1 abetted in the attempt at local tyran; r. £ leave the Clunes public to judge < F this act of the council, this censure i pon themselves. They mag wish it to go fe th that they are gems of Hie first water («j ropot of- the Coun- cil draining some of theil back yards at the public expense.) Bat >efore committing myself I shall risk imn nation .and take a lesson from a certain me tal lapidary-De Foe-who says, "If I i ight give a short hint to an impartial writ r, it would be to tell him bis fate. If he entures upon the dangerous precipice of telling unbiassed truth ; let him proclaim 'ar with mankind -neither to give nor t Ice quarter. If he tells the aimes of great j ten, they Call upon him with the iron hands' of tbe law; if lie tells them of virtues' when liter have any, then thc mob attacks him with" slander. .Bat if he regards truth,let him expect mar* tyrdom on both sides, and then he may go on fearless; and this is the counsel I take myself," last evening the Victoria Circus paid us a visit. The Company is übt large,-but equal to the average of perambulating equestrians. Mr Barlow's dogs were highly amusing, a rough terrier performing a trick On the top of a barrel of working it across ihe circus at A rapid rate¡ Mr Barlow suffered the loss of his. black dog yesterday, -which has usually been engaged by the monkey as the best steeple chaser, &c.; Mr Barlow says be would not have parted with j it for £50. It was crushed by their own waggan wheel passing over its body. The annual Freemason's ball will be held at the Boll and Mouth Hotel on the next Monday. An agreeable part}- may be anti- cipated, as these masonic celebrations -are ! always respectably attended. j 