TO CORRESPONDENTS. We publish the following as an experiment, to see if any of our readers understand it. We can didly confess we do not; and If such prove to be the case generally, we promise not again to ofiltet them. It seems the nearest approach to the " uno known tongues" lately exhibited; and it ought to excite no surprise if the attempted exorcism should elicit from some wicked spirit the old saying "Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?" " Mr. Dell lies confounded the parts of speech by reading "the baptism" and "ebaptism of" indiffer. ently ; and having so assumed false premises, goes on to argue a delusion. Baptism is the figure of the flood (see I Peter ill. 20-21)-the anosoer of a good conscience toward God ; not the rece'iit of one -not the gift of the Spirit; but the fruit of that gift. The conscience having been made tender by the power of the Spirit, the recipient of Divine mercy 'believes with till his heart, and confesseth with his mouth that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.' lie is then a fit subject to 'bear' the names of the Father, Sin, and Holy Ghost, into which the Apostles were commanded by our Lord to baptize. Had there been other baptisms than the ' like figure,' Christ would have distinguished the particular baptism, and not left his followers in ignorance; but (Ephesians iv. 5 is conclusive) Christ 'camte by water,' as well its t ay blood'; and baptismt is the 'witness in earth' of water (see I John v. 8). When 1le save d Noahe, He saved the whole human race ; and it was by this exercise of His power that lie ' saved the whole world,' which unenlightened and contentious professors read eternally saved. Do we not return thanks for the nsmallest favors; and is there to be no acknowledg ment for that to which we owe both temporal and eternal salvation. lie wrought first by water, and therefore is it appointed as the first ordinance of Hils church ? There were 'ordinances delivered to the saints (not an ordinance)-the witnesses of the onter by which earth was sanetifled, and the blood by which lie redeemed those who are so sanctified. The flood in its action 'buried sin' and 'raised up righteousness.' Christ was made sin for us, died, was buried, and arose. Having quickened us to righteousness by the gift of his Spirit, we acknow. ledge and witness to the water and the blood by ' baptism' and the ' supper.' The triple witness inI one is completeand 'faitht made perfect by works " 