CONGREGATIONAL HOMB MISSION-1 ARY BOOIBTY. j LABT evening tba annual meeting or uta aoeiery huid ia tba Congregational Chureb, Pitt-eiraft. ' I body of tba edifice waa tolerably well flited. A einging «nd prayer, io wbieb the Ber. Mr. Vetch gaged, tbe obair waa taken by John Fairfax, Eaq. ' Chairman observed that the sooioty bad gone on pi perously. In Sydney end the subarbs they had churches in a highly efficient state. In Queensli and other parta of (he country, tho work was well a j ported. Tho great atna of the Congregational ohurc I «ros to convert Binners. Tho sermons and exhortati of ministers end teaobera were direoted towards salvation of men. If that waa not tbe ob, he would not have anything to do v that denomination. Muoh as had been dono, there muoh tbat remained yet to bo done in the oonr places. He regretted that they had not done more means of bUBh miBslonB. (Hear, bear.) Ile hid ri with muoh pleasure, two works published in Amer one of which, entitled "Tho Saddle Bags," ' espioialiy-edifying and encouraging, as showing devotedneBB and zeal of itinerant ministers in Amer Snob examples ought to stimulate them in Australii greater eflbrtr. They wore voluntary in that gi work. HÍB view was tbat where the State afforded i aaiistanoe, thero must bo interference and oversight the part ot the State. lately, a certain donominat made very great effort to get into the Legialal Assembly as many of its members as it cont 1, in or to seoure a large Bbareof State support, (Shame, sham There were places in tko country which they mt o.oupy as well BB others if thoy bad State support, would -recommend the organisation of a ladies' assoi tlon, wbioh would supply the necessary funds assisting those in the country places where ohurcl oould bo formed to maintain a minister, and, in a lil time, these oburohes would become Delf-sopporli Should it be done, ministers would bo sent from bot and then thoBO places would be oooupied. This, bi ever, eould not be done without money. The Hov. Mr. OUTIIDEBTSON thon read the Bepor lengthy and elaborate doonment. The Bev. Mr. SxAiysn moved tbe first resolut -".That tbe report now read be adopted, printed, i circulates1, end tbat the following gentlemen, in addi) to the ministers of all congregations oontributing to funds of this society, be tbe offloors and committee the ensuing year. The Bev. Br. Boss, president; Jc Foirf ix, Esq., treasurer; the Bev. W. -Cuthbertson, i Mr, Kooert Garrett, secretaries. Committee, Meei Samuel Cook, A, FOBS, Fowler, N. H. Eager, D. Jot G. A. Lloyd, J. Mullenp, B. Mayhew, Jobn Morris, Natter. B. Nott, George Reep, J. Row, George Benwi B. P. Richardson, JoBepb Thompson, Samuel Thomps with power to add to their number;" Accustomed as had been to publio speaking, he found it on oner duty to come forward before those who were io finoc him. Ile WBB not disposed to make a speech, would BBjrfor the report, that for eleganoe of diotion i piety of sentiment, it eould not be excelled. As it ' to bo printed, he trusted it would be well and extenBiv tread. It -was customary to travel -over -reporta i mike comments upon them, but he .would not do a thing of Ibe -kind on that occasion. He expected have beard his brethren the -ministers fr the country, bnt if they 'bad noe oo a'-' telegram had been reoeived to -soy t they were atuok on the fis s above Newoav The reverend gentleman referred to a letter reoeived a clergyman from a Brahmin, in wbioh the writer sta that there was no stopping between an cooleeiasti trihltyand Christian faith. The idea of atheism \ outlawed by the constitution of mar. In Rpite of sensualfBtn and -bis depravity, he was still a tbeologl oreature. If they looked at tbe condition of man tl would eeo the necessity of bringing in Bible Christian! How adapted waa tbat system to our nature just os > find it 1 AB fitting BB it waa when its author woe bo and when the heaven waa olad in mourning at His dca It was of tbo greatest importance tbat -there v in the Gospel a prophesy of triumph. And sn it v tbat if you take men in biamoBt Gavage Btatoor'bismi refined condition it suited bim. Let them toko t Anglo-Saxon raoa as they now regarded them in t ' height of their civilisation, and turn to tho aborigines I this country ; they would diud when tho history of t ? former was ironed ; they would be found to bo as low, : was going to say BB moally, BS tbe latter. " It waa t Gospol tbat raised them to their high estate, and wbei ever it was reoeived, the «ame elevating < ff-ofs wore pi doced. It was said of Ireland that it would ¡bo-glorio and free, botif it ever should be it was just as the pel found its. way among tbe people. - lt was the Oos; alono that made a nation- great.: He bad much pleasu in moving the resolution. Tho Rev. Mr. Jonua^w, in; seconding, (he resolutlo said, tbat we as ciiizona wore to look nt bor prospects a nation and a people. It was not by accident this gré country oarrie to be under tho power bf tbe Angl'-3axi race.. That raoa was destined tb be': tbs dominant ra thr oogbont tbo world; Wherever'she set ber foot, al plantod ber fl ig, and. her sovetoignty was owned, suob was her'power and destiny, bow great Waa tl OFoeasityand importance tbat abe'should bo under tl ir flusnoe of Christianity. He saw tbat Providence be placed a .great responsibility upon them, and they bad work ..to do,- , a mieaion - torr porforr and if'"ttbey did not' do ° ir, - others woul be, raised np to do - it. Tho quéstio then'-'aroRe, what is abe doing f What wore lory, a Congregationalists, doing r They recognised oheorful), whot other evangelical denominations we» doing (bea: heir); bnt, e^peololly);what were "??hey as a Sectio doini; ? Ho would not underrate what tho^o who ha been in tbe -fl.lld before had been doing ; bat he woul state, in answer to the,inquiry, tbat while they wer doing ' muoh Miey did not do as muon at thiy mlgbi HoWbver prosperous and wealthy a Cbarruh m'ght bo, i . they, did not do the work that ntn allotted to them \ they -would ; wither, and die. The sume com» k npnllec i to them as a denomination. Nations, too, that bad no : neted opto their privileges, bad piss«d away. ,-Whon were tba Churches of Asia ? , They had staaaberod, ant their retribution followed. Ho was not: about, to aa; that they wore negloetlçg their asl! to' labour, eltbor a home or abroad, but What bo wished to impress on thi mind of bia audience, wes the importance of doing al thnt Hirey could io accomplishing, tho work, tb willoi (hey .w«ro called, It waa the moro necensiry lo worl wheo they saw ibe difficulties that warb to bo encoun- tered. They BOW bow Popory. was to bc found at wort every where ; and there were .other denominations thai wero aotfaoly, engaged in' spreading Christian!'] according to' their view« of ' it,-and hi wished them God speed j ,for, lliiy should only be thereby provoked to labour witb k becoming E sri, and as Christians let them deveto tltrras. Ive« fully tc Christ. Glvo of ¿their substance, db their proper shire ol tho work, for if Australia was ever t» bo great it,'was I j Christianity she was to become auoh4 /or without it slit could never beoomecreat, glorioae,or tVce., .(Hoar, and applauio.) , . , ; j Resolution put nnd passed, ! Rev. S. 0. KEHT moved-" That thia roAol'n firmly holding tbat tho Gospel ia tho power of God unto salva- tion,' and that God Ia pleased ' throuja the foolishness of preaohing to save them thal believe,' I) ol opinion, not- withstanding tho ' oppositions of science falsely so called,' that the Divine Revelation, which it is our prlvl lege to possess, is adequate to meet man's spiritual wants ; and, employed and applied by tbe Holy. Ghost, through tho agency of the Ohurob, is destined to sur- mount every obstacle, and triumph over every, enemy." Ho had been oiooedingly gratified with tho report that thoy bad heard read tbat evenlng; and was delighted with tho speech made on that occasion by tba rev. gen- tleman that moved its adoption. He had levelled his shafts at tho " Essays and Reviews ' which would never have been heard, much less read, had it not been for certain old women In England' in lawn sleeves. It might, perhaps, be that some few copies would find their way to this country ; but thero was very little doubt on his mind they would serve tho useful purpose of lining for their trunks. He was of opinion thoy wore made tco much of by being talked about. Ho hadnaoonfldtnoain tho development theory, It waa tho preaching of the Gospol-or, BB it waa oalled, tba ' foolishness of preaching, not the proaoblog of foollsanoajs I -that mon wero to bo benefited by, j Toe Rov. Mr. VETCH, in a abort and neat speech, re). iterated tbo question, Ilnw was Australia to become groat t Ho oonfonded it was only by the telling of tho I almpla'fnat that God BO loved the world tbat Ho gave Hia I only- begotten Son-tbat whosoever belioveth in Him abould not perish but havo everlasting lifo. Thora were - varions.theories propounded rospcotlng tho groat lover by which tho condition of man was to bo olovotod. Somo j I apoks of poaoo founded on ooromrrotsl arrangements; but when war broko nut, tho poot-lanrcato sang and ex- tolled " glorious wat" aa tho groat meium. A class of politlolans thought it was by tho establishment of on aristocracy, and others tabing a different view, that it was by a proud democracy that tho world was to bo 1030 nerated; all th OHO had been tried, hut nothing but Ibo Onspol oould accoinpliHh that work. Referring ID n visit ho paid to a Bick woman on bur dtott-bod, wh > was comforted by tbo Gospol message, bo abkad what would thu " Essays and Review»" or any of tboBo theories do for thoso who ncodad corootbing for their spiritual wants Tho rosolulion was then passed nnanlmously. Tho oolleollon wero then made, during wbioh two verses off 1 hymn were song-. ^'J^ueRadatmer'e oralie be anni," >' i \- TIM Bev. Mr. CorHScarsoa morad tb« titira* mo* lotion-" That thia ma«liar, «bil« not unmindful of lb« debt of gratitude that it owe« to tba greet heed of tba Church for that netrare of aaoeees «hieb bar attended tba peat opérations of thia society, and for tba pros- perous condition of tba several stations originated through its instrumentality, some of wbioh are still in part sustained by Its funds, desires more fully to realiso its responsibility in relation to the neglected districts of ' New South Wales ; and hereby pledges itself to esrnest prayer and renewed and increased exertion, to supply additional labourers, and to fulfil the obligations which nat upon ns, in common with the other branobeB of the Christian Gburah in reference ta the inhabitants of this colony." He did not like to stand in their way ot hear* ing the Rev. Mr. Charter, who was prepared to give thom an interesting account of o minister's work in the in- terior, 'ihore was no&e; that went into the country but who carno away deeply impressed j with the importance of tho work end the fruits that atttn led tho labours of the ministers there. Ho never went into the bush but he came away with these feeliogs. In Maiiland.tbe Bev. Mr. Hill was labouring with mnch success; wbere also tho Wesleyan, and Presbyterian, and the Chnrcb of England ministère wero labouring in tbe samooauae. And then there Waa Wollongong, wbioh ho would advise those who desired to visit to go to it if it was only to exporienoo its kind hospitality. Coming to the source whence they were to expeot their ministers, it certainly was not to England, for tbey bad none to spare; they would bave, if they could, those they sent bete. It was qui'.e clear that they would not havo the beBt men from England; they would bavo to rely on the material they had among themselves, and be earnestly desired to see those yoong mon of piety hore who had talents devote themselves to tho work of the ministry. It would be their highoBt wisdom to do so. Rev. Mr. duniER, of Wollongong, would bear his testimony to the statements made by the Ber. Mr. Cuthbertson, respecting the work of God in that dis tr lot. His experience of the people in the ooiony was, that their nature was adapted to the Dospel. ; The resolution was pat and passed. Tbe Bev. Mr. CUXHBBBTSON then pronounoed the doxology, end the meeting broke up at twenty, minutes past ten. THE FEMME BLONDÍN AT OBEJCORME.-We last week reoorded the partial sucoess, and at the same time the , great heroism of the female Blondín, who then crossed tba Thames from Battersea to within 300. feet of Cre- morne, and tbon deseended the rope by one of tbe juys on account of the latter having been interfered with by Borne misohlsvous persons. We have now to reoord ber perfeot . Bucoess. Yesterday, at. six o'clock, thn I lady oommenoed ber perilous jonrney amidst the 1 firing of a sainte ol niuo guns. As on tha former oocasion, abo started from the Battersea side of tbs water, and in making the first BBoent soo cima Bloodily at the commencement, bat sha soon began to inp Ugh lr . on bot wey. She took bot two rests throughout tho dlstanoe, whlob is co less Iban £000 feet, and tb ooo rests were scarcely more than momentary. There was an entire absence of hesitation, and tbe lady more than maintained the oharaoter for courago and daring that she so well earned on ber rt rat appearance, abo had, doubtless, a considerable difficulty lo contend with ; the wind was blowing exceedingly frexb, ; and tho female dress, of course, was peouliatly calculated to offer a resistance to it. Aa on the former oeoaaton, thousands of people lined the banks of the river, tba bridge, and every spot wh.ro n view oould be ? obtained:; and tbe gardens themselves, owing to tho ? excellent opportunity the esplanade offers of seeing tbe daring performanop, was by far moro crowded than on the former oooasion. Every one seemed delighted at the lady's socoofi, and , when tbe sun shone on her a's sho waa over the centre of the river, the ornaments of ber dr, ss «ndtthe glittering balancing polo which she oatrled r efleotfng ita rays,' tbe sight waa exceedingly pleating; and 09 ehe proceeded each step on ber way. towards the gardeop, steadily bat confidently, dbe was greeted with load and prolongad obeering On nearing tho gardens tbe bond struck up tbe somo vbat inappropriate air, to welcome a " fumade lilondin," " See tbe Conquering hero comes," and tho lady descended, and was reoeivod witb a about of. applause such as is not often. heard. Her success WOB triumphant, and was rendered, perhaps, the moro brilliant by the foot of the mishap, it snct it can be called, of tbe preceding Monday. Tho lady makes bor noxt ascent on Thursday nix', when there will be a ' juvenile fete, and the large Cremorne balloon, as well as several of a smaller growth, will bo oalled into requi- sition, and roany other attractive additions will be made to the ordioary programme. On this day week, tho 97ih, there will oe a epi-oial gala ond fete for the benefit of Mr, Adams, the secretary of tho establishment, and ! for this occasion Messrs, J. and X,. Brough have prepared an exoullent cópalo entertainment, i Mr. Adorns bas ren ? deied valuable service as secretary of tho gardens for np* ! warda ol t n yoars, and is well known to its patrons, who wilt, no doubt, not firgot bim on the ocassiou. , :. EKa.inDS cv SHAKEGPHAHE.-Mitling nf Henry, Prfmio of Woles, and Uuk« Christian, of Lüneburg, witb Willam .Shakespeare.-" Duke Christian followed«,tho Prince of .Wales' traok round the bend of an irregular bilious-, wbioh ixoiuded tbe. review from, their sight; but as lin drew nearer h s oompnni in, ho obServ'od a person of a singularly fine' mien, and very simply attired, standing on tho alopo towards them, and who had pro* bably boon viewing; the passed military toenu from' that elevated point. When the I'liaoe of Wale's, rode so close to tho base of the hill, SB to.be almost within n few yardHof him, thia person turned loom), and. taking t.ff IIÍH amplumtd oap, with on air of tho profoundest respect, yet with thu aspect of o prinre himself, he htood ancovured, evidently with the intention of remain* lng so until tbo myal personage ahould have passvd from sight, Ouko Christian checked bis borso, struck with thu «bole appearance of this man, for bin Conmen.' anoo was distinguished as bis figuro; bis unto'nnetted head displojing to expansive a development of,mental dignity, with «yes of euch bright,.yet mild intelligence, (hat holli steaod coady to mirror every b|gb expression of which tbe soul of man is capable. Those speaking pies met tho Axed ptte of tbe German Prince, who immediately .moving j his . horuo on to tho side of tho ' P/iooa' of Wales, inquired, In a lowering voice, " -Who is bo ?'' Returned Henry, rc oovorlng from an abstraction, which bad hardly noticed th ob isanoo lie had received, ' " Only Shakespeare, nur dramatist I" «' Only Shakespeare," replied the Duke Christian; " only, indeed! .'His writings-himself-bear ono stamp. Were I Prince of.England, I know not bat ¡ that I should roako that,man olio! or roy counoll. Suob I -men are tba bonds and.fettof a great State I" . The I I'riooo of Wales smiled.-Ile la what you aay ; and I tako ahemo'to myself for'my oitfj/. But I waa thinking more of hit lesanns than'of himself. Would your Hlgh nofs Uko to he intro'dnosd, to bim?' "Btfore almost any other man in Europe,", replied the Diibo; and while hie young friend, wi'h ono of his mast gracious smiles, beckoned tho por', Mubo Christian dismounted. .. Henry, with tho noble obsérvanos of bis own royal nature, also dismounted, and advanced dircotly to Sbokospreie, who bad drawn a strp backward. . " Shakespeare", poid, tho heir of Kr-gland; " it is not 'necsssary to say to yon that this i* the Trinca ol Lüneburg, who as muon wishes you .had been h's countryman os weare satisfled In having you oural11 The Dake olasped his band with eordlal warmth, end seid, "Come lo mo sometimes when I am in England, and I shall then carry away with me two trea- sures-tho friendship of its Prince, and of sn English subjeo', wborri¡all Ibo world honoure I" 