^ ; .' NORTH ITALY. (From the Tints' Correspondent.) ? ? . .' ! " " : TTjniN,'May'20. ÏT; doéa not frequently happen th at the Italia publie are entertained with the details of caus celebres; In the first place, the criminal ooui were' not till very lately, in many Italian .State held with open doors. Then the press is sti .in its infancy, and keeps no competent repor «rs in its pay. Your Italian ponny-a-liner, «ny exist, is a dull animal, utterly dead to thc misture, of humour and pathos which makes u the drama of life. By a stretch of the théorie on the division of labour, poetry and art hav no place in Italian newspaper writing. Mon over, the Italians, as a people, aro easily shqeke by the exhibition of atrocities. They do nc love to " sup full of horrors," and, even i their theatres, ghosts, vampires, ' , an other .clap-traps tíf ( Northern imaginin «ire unmercifully hissed . off the stage. Som -starling crime, now and then, will force its wo into- the journals nevertheless--; but oven'Che 'the. affair is merely mentioned. There, is n attempt at a>mist en, scene. We have no skotc of tho prisoner as "he quails ' before the bl aol capped face of the'jadge ; not a word of the -cal and-mouse play of the barrister grinding an worrying his witness. How many columns fo instance,1 would not a London daily poper, espe cially at the' dead" season pf the year, fill iii with the .particulars bf the Antonio Boggia1 case now on trial at Milan ? A Milanese youtb, who joined the Chasseur of the Alps dn 1859, was roported among th missing'for a long time, and was supposed t have been killed at Varese. He, however,-sud denly made his reappearance at the door of hi: house, and inquired at. the porter's lodge abou the aged mother whom he had left at homi alone, the tenant of an apartment in on of the floors of the mansion in tho porter Antonio Boggia's, keeping. The porter madi a confused and stammering-anBwer, and evinoet so much perturbation, that the young soldier alarmed at the disappearance pf his parent, anc angry at being-sent on a foot's errand to Como wbere the porter assured him he would find th< misting parson, communicated his sinister sus- picions to the police. Antonio Boggia wai apprehended, ' " This Boggia was a notorious devotee, an espe dal darling of'the priesthood of the diocees.; i pattern 'Christian, attending mass daily witt scrupulous assiduity, kneeling regularly at thc confessional, zealous in the instruction of thc Catechism in Sunday schools ; a very saintly, angelic soul in the estimation of all the Milan vestries, in which he was a constant lounger. Tho pious créature got into a rather awkward .scrape in 1855, when he was brought into court upon the charge of an attempt to murder one of his creditors, «with a view to rid himself ol the' debt and the dun at ono stroke, but then the whole, of the clergy stepped forward in his behalf. ? . They gaye him such a character, hey pleaded so hard and so loud, that they bore1 him off triumphantly, and the creditor had to thank his-stars that the tables wore not turned against him, and that he did not ex- change places with the prisoner at the bar. - Priests, however, are rather «t a discount at Milan' since 1860, so that in spite of the intor ?cosiion of ever so many of them, the police, at the request of tho young volunteer,-proceeded to ?a search'of'ibe premises bf which Boggia kept .the door, and, digging herb and there,' .they «amo to a certain «pot . where, under tho pave- ment of a dark, damp corridor, they fell in with <the body of the murdered bid lady. . Thia first discovery gave the clue to many more. It was known at Milan ihat, ot different epochs, a blacksmith, an old brokor, and a young woodcutter had mysteriously vanished from their habitual haunts.' Herb was now tho key to tbeso puzzling disappearances. It was soon found out that Antonio Boggia rented, besides tba lodge of tho house "in Santa Maria, a wretched bid roora, with a collar underneath, in the ground floor .of another tenement in Via Stretta Bagnova. Tho police invaded tho spot with spadés, pickaxes, and shovels ; they dug and dug from morning «ill evening, till, just os they were about to give up the job in deepn'r, lo and behold, up, to be sure, turned what, by .the hy, standers<by¡recognised as the skeleton of the long lost blacksmith. They then dragged foith the wretched Boggia from bis durance,, they took him tb tbe spot, confronted him with, his victim, arid, aa thoy watched every' move- ment, they saw him steal an uneasy glance to- wards anothor corner of the cellar. The hint was taken ; the nowly indicated spot was dug up,! and there again they > found the bare bleached, bones of the broker, ovory trace of whom was lost since tho early political riots of 1848) and of thn woodcutter! who was seen J.ast among tho living on tho :0th of Fobruary, 1853. Tin's low tragedy in real lifo, which will forcibly Vemind tho reader of Edgar Poo's blood- curdling story, bf, tho <. Black Cat," will, of courje, end! in tho execution of the saintly Antonio Boggia in the court or bofore tho door ol tho publlo gaol at Milan. I have pi ven the particulars, such as -thsy have been, published hitherto) and they ore ali-that is over, likely to oppoar in the -Italian prints ; for even an ac- j count of tho M last speech and confession" of sq . exemplary a character as this Antonio, Boggia would bo likely,to turn out no profitable specu- lation among these incurious Italians.' Tho Gatetta ¿el Popólo,- from which I have vory freoly translated the'above, would not, probably nave alluded to : the¡ coso, wore it not , that famous political eapitnl could be made of it. In tho first1 placei' the journalist gravely informs ns that thb'íriannér of going to work uniformly adopted by. Boggia was to knock his . victims on we head by one blow -of, an axe, felling wem, to tho ground like oxen, agreeably the writer says, " tío tho humane notions of the lalo Pope Gregory XVI., who wished tho orlmv J» s to bo put out of trouble at one stroke, by felling them to tho ground with a mallet; in ioltatlon of, the practico followed in the Roman ihamblea."... Belt said, with good leave of tho Qatutia,' if a criminal ia to be put to death at wli I ' in olino to agree with the -Pope In ques- tion, that th* sooniSr. tho butchery ls over tba bettor." --';';,', j" , In tho Beoond plaae, toe Italian journal, willoh .ti no moans'without influonco on' tho maBS ot tho people; ls all agog with dolight nt tho wea that religion was, in tho case of Bogiria, Binilotho cloak for tho moat hardened vlllany, and seems t0 think that tho phenomenon may DO'brought forward,ns an unanswerable argu- ant agairiat rollglon itself. .The mod-dog ' "J of tho .Italians i against tholr prioats ia nf ,?mvaml ai>d indiscriminate that any ? t» tùa etoUy or. eyes any. of their friends l '"' ?.?"?.,-v- . ......V,?".' 'und-proíí^M,--being--caught-in-flagranti iB.'/tbe-í subject:A of')'* 'loud' r andie trulj senseless exultation,-The language in whict tbe article -winds up, thé moral appended t< the atrocious tale, would be highly amusing, i one, could think without uneasiness of i country in which the religious institutions o: the country can be treated in BO off-handed and flippant a manner : '.", And : no w you know the man whose ex- ploits we have related, and of whom we shall soon have to tell you he has been hanged. We have nothing left to do but recommend out readers to go on sending, as they do, their children to be, educated at the ' shop' {boltega, a cant word, used to designate the church). They will be taught to go to church, to confess monthly, or ; even weekly,- to frequent the Sunday sohool», to kiss the saints' relies, to lay hold of these hundred talismans which will enable them to go forth among tho multitude as honest men. For our own part, however, we are . libertines; we shall always keep such worthies at arm's length, and look upon them with suspi coin, because .true, honest men; need no mask of outward hypocrisy ; [ they need only their good conscience to - assure them that they ' do unto others what they would wish others to do unto them,' nndtbot, without any more ado, is the pure religion of Christ." I believe I, heard something like that at the time of the execution of the Quaker. Tawel. The fact is, however, that no one would throw away real pure gold simply because 'a sharper may succeed in palming base tinsel for genuine metal upon an-unwary customer. Tbe Man- nings made away with a friend and guest with as little scruple as Antonio Boggia did with strangers, though the. way by which they wormed themselves into their victim's confi- dence was not, as in the case of the Milanese, counterfeit piety, but rather boon companion- ship, baiting the hook with ,the lure of a sham domestic profligacy, and compassing a crime by the false inducements to the perpetration of another. 