SUPERNATURAL VISITATIONS. ' He started up with more of fear Than if an armed host were near, God of my fathers, what is here.' Byron's Siege of Corinth. {Continued from the Chronicle of the 17 th itutant.) . .It was then, I suppose, I fainted. "Then how,' I exclaimed, "did you, in the name of all that's good, contrive to rench your, tent?'' " I don't know," he added wildly. 'I have, or seem, to have, . a perfect recollection: of coming to myself, and feeling, at the same time, almost perished with the cold. In stantly recrossing the gully, I entered my tent, threw myself. upon, the bed and' — ' 'Went to sleep again without so much as putting ,a blanket about you,' I observed, interrupting him in a tone of badinage for which I subsequently felt sorry. 'Now, that's extremely probable." "Come, come, my good fellow, you have been most woefully deceived. Under the influence of excited feelings, you nevertheless, from sheer bodily exhaustion, fell asleep. Still haunted by the image of Sophia, you dreamed first that you heard her, voice, and secondly that you saw herself. So powerful was the impression, that, in obedience to it, you actually rose and followed in the direction you supposed the ghost had .taken, and, for the rest, what was it but u dream terminating in somnambulism? In all cases of this kind, the muscular system nets under the coercion of the nervous. Be yond a certain point, however, both become incapable of action, and hence your fainting fit. I don't believe a word about your being awake when you returned to your tent, any more than when you left it. Had you been, so, you would certainly have undressed, or, at all events, enveloped yourself in the blankets, and not remained, as you appear to have done, exposed to all the rigours of the' night consequence of your neglect. Harris heard you muttering that you'd have me with you for a witness, so that I think, all things considered, you were clearly under the in fluence of a dream." After some minutes spent in apparent re flection, Arnold observed that there was cer-' tainly reason in what I said ''and yet," he contined as if pursuing his previous train of 'thought, "it appears; doubly, remarkable' that I should have been thus summoned from my bed. What if the object of the proceed ing was to convince me that was under the influence of no deception, physical or mental ! Had I not heard her voice — had I merely seen her standing by my bed, or, indeed, occupying other position in my tent than that of the doorway, a might, perhaps, easily have persuaded myself that the whole thing , was nothing more or less than a mere spectral illusion. As it is, I find it impossible to di vest my mind of the conviction that the inter-' view was so arranged, on purpose to prevent the possibility of such construction." Well, well,' I replied, ' it's sure enough- the old story — : . Convince a man against his will, He's of the same opinion still. and so I'll say no more upon the subject Depend upon- it, "you'll live to see the day when the whole matter will appear to you in a very different light ; and so we'll leave it for the present. Arnold took no further notice of this remark than merely to express his dissent by an incredulous shake of the head. Wishing me a good night, he soon afterwards retired, and I forthwith betook myself to rest. The conversation above detailed occurred upon a Friday, and I saw no more of Arnold until the Sunday following. He made no further allusion to the circumstance, and, for my own part, I began to feel satisfied that my logic had produced the desired effect, and that he had in consequence abandoned the idea of having been preternaturally visited. I happened to have by me at the time a copy of ' Volney's Ruins of Empire.'' Arnold had repeatedly asked me for the loan of it, but I had hitherto excused myself from lend ing it under the pretext of its not being my own property ; the fact was that I was un willing to become the instrument of confirm ing in his mind the scepticism upon l'&U;&ious; subjects to which he already exhibited too great a predilection I knew too well the pernicious tendency of such works to unsettle the mind of youth, and I was consequently actuated only by conscientious motives in refusing to comply with his request. On the present occasion he renewed his solicitation with so much earnestness as to extort from me a promise that he should have the book in the course of the ensuing week. The fol lowing day (Monday) I was more than ordinarily busy, and did not return home until after dark. After supper I spent a short time in looking over a few pages of 'Volnoy.'' I should, perhaps, mention that I had taken it from the place in which it was usually deposited, to wit, my clothes chest, for the purpose of having it at hand in tho event of Arnold's calling for it. I should also promise that I possessed what in those days was looked upon as a perfect luxury, to wit, a stone chimney to my tent. The night being remarkably clear and frosty, I laid on the fuel with no niggard hand, and finding myself oppressed, with a sense of drowsiness which baffled all my attempts to read, I went to bed, leaving the volume on the table. This I did under the conviction that my friend would certainly come for it, and that he might, in that case, possess himself of it without disturbing me. I slept soundly for some hours — at least I had reason to suppose so from the circumstance of the fire being low, and the moon, which did not rise until after nine o'clock, being high in the heavens. It was the latter end of July, and the sky, unobscured by a single cloud, and radiant with 'refining frost,' was glorious to look upon. I lay awake for some time pondering, I admit, on the singularity of the circum- stance communicated by Arnold on the pre vious Friday. I mention the fact for the especial advantage of all those casuists who delight in exhibiting their incredulity — even as I had recently done myself — in all eases wherein the ' supernatural' is concerned. It might be that my mind, wholly engrossed with this subject, was in some measure pre pared to receive impressions of a correspond ing description. Be that as it may, I fell asleep in the midst of my cogitations, and on awaking the second time, observed that the moon had so far declined as to be almost on n level with the back of my tent. Presently my attention became rivetted upon an object which was certainly not visible a few mo ments before. At the little table opposite my bed I beheld the figure of Arnold, distinct enough in outline, but sadly deficient in sub stantiality. i speak, I hope, intelligibly as well as advisedly in saying this, because the figure was precisely such as I had all along pictured to myself as the probable appearance of a spirit disencumbered of its earthly tene ment. He' was dressed, and yet his very apparel seemed to partake of the same shadowy indistinctness which characterised his person. Still I was far from experiencing anything at all approaching to fear upon the occasion. My reasoning faculties were in stantly on the alert, and immediately sug gested to me the imperfection of the moon light—especially as seen through the medium of my tent — as a sufficient solution of the circumstance. The figure was standing with its back towards me, the head partially bent forward in a drooping attitude, one hand resting upon the open page of ' Volney,' nnd the other pressed upon the forehead.. With something of an effort, I called out, ' In God's name' — a common ' expression with me, I should add when taken by surprise— 'In God's name, Arnold, what are you doing there ?' Tho next moment the figure turned and presented the well-known features of my friend, but livid, ghastly, and cadaverous as that of a plague-stricken corpse. It was then, indeed, that my every faculty became para lysed with terror;. my tongue clove to' the roof, of 'my -mouth,- my brain seemed as if absolutely ' stunned with dismay,' and I re mained gazing out the scene in an agony of doubt and alarm. I say doubt because sus picion crossed my mind that I was the victim either of delusion or of trickery, and alarm at the changed and deathlike appearance of a countenance but recently, so handsome and intelligent as that of my friend Arnold. } would have sprung from my bed had my physical energies proved equal to the strength of my volition — but the former seemed al together to desert me. I continued, as I before said, to gaze upon the figure with mingled feelings of doubt and apprehension, but another word I could not have articu lated hnd the salvation of my soul depended on my doing so, Gradually, however, the object of my fear became less and less dis tinct, until at length it faded altogether from my view, and there remained of it nothing more than the narrowing recollection. For some time subsequent to its disappearance, I remained debating within myself the pro- iriety of proceeding at once to Arnold's tent for the' purpose of ascertaining whether he was at home, and, if so,- whether, he had nt all quitted his tent after the usual hour. Shall I confess that I was deterred from adopting this course by considerations closely allied to shame. I was 'reluctant to confess to any one the nature of my apprehensions, and, 'to say the truth, I was more than half inclined to disbelieve the testimony of my own senses. Yet, such is the force of a long cherished incredulity that, but for the fear ful corroboration of the morning, I should doubtless have succeeded in persuading my self that the whole circumstance had ori ginated solely in a diseased imagination. Be coming at length wearied with conjectures on the subject, I again dropped asleep. It was exactly half-past six the next morn ing when I rose, and having crossed the gully, proceeded to the tent of a storekeeper named Edmondson in order to purchase some necessaries. A feeling similar to that which had restrained me from satisfying myself the night previous occasioned me to abstain from visiting Arnold's tent. I concluded that either he or his mates would soon be about, and I thought that, by the exercise of a little tact, it would be easy to extract from them the required 'information without compromis ing in any way my character as a sceptic. I found the storekeeper astir, and remained in conversation with him until interrupted by the entrance of a medical gentleman named Hudson. He was also a near neighbour of Arnold's, and, like myself, respected him for his intelligence. He commenced telling us that in consequence of Arnold and his mates being from home the preceding evening, he (Dr. Hudson) had been disappointed of a chat with them upon the subject of some new ground upon which they had thoughts of sinking. ' They seem to have a great opinion of it,' said the doctor; 'but I think they are mistaken. Parker and his party have certainly done well in its vicinity, but I'm told the ' lead' is now run out ; and by the bye, talking of that puts me in mind of a promise I made to call them up any time after seven o'clock. They are all young men and heavy to sleep, so I'll just take upon myself to give them a rouse.' During his absence I felt more than half disposed to enquire whether Edmondson had heard anything concerning Arnold's tendency to walk in his sleep. I was, however, af- forded but little time for decision, for the next moment the doctor ran up, and, with a face blanched as alabaster, exclaimed, ' They're all dead; dead by Heaven as a stone. The reader may vainly endeavour to picture to himself the effect of this intelli gence. The shock of an earthquake itself would have failed to produce anything like the look of consternation and horror depicted on the countenance of each. Recovering ourselves the next moment, we hurried off muttering something about the impossi bility of such an occurrence. A few minutes, however, sufficed to convince us of the folly of such assertion. Tho doctor, with the true instinct of his profession, had taken means to satisfy himself of the fact before giving the alarm, and it now ? remained to enquire how and by what agency a catas trophe so startling had ? consummated. The question when investigated, proved to be no way difficult of solution. The carbonic acid gas evolved from charcoal had been the immediate cause of their destruction; but then how to aocount for tho fact of their hav ing thus exposed themselves to its influence by shutting up the tent, was not altogether so apparent. They were all more or less men of education and intelligence, and could not, under such circumstances, be ignorant of the consequences resulting to animal life from the confinement of carbonic gas. From sub sequent enquiries, it appeared that these un fortunate young men had been in the habit of burning charcoal in the tent, especially in the evening Up to the last fatal night, they had always adopted the precaution of leaving one or both of the curtains open, and it ap peared more than likely that the rule had not been departed from even on the present oc casion. The doctor, indeed, found both cur tains down, but neither tied nor fastened on the inside. The charcoal, contained in an iron nail-can perforated with holes on all sides, was placed within the tent, but oppo site the entrance. It was therefore conjec tured that the curtain had, as usual, been drawn aside, and the night proving remark ably still, had permitted the party to read, each man lying on his bunk with a half burned candle by his side. Arnold, like the rest, had divested himself of his upper gar ments, and had evidently dropped asleep whilst in the net of reading. His example had doubtless been followed by the others, and all might yet have ended well but for the negligent manner in which the curtain was secured. A little before midnight some heavy gusts of wind swept down the gully, and wero supposed to have had the effect of detaching the curtain from the fastening and permitting it to meet the other. The tent, pitched on a gentle eminence, with the entrance on the lower side, the curtains necessarily swept the ground ; and this circumstance, added to that of a calm by which the gusts were afterwards succeeded, completed the destruction of the inmates. , Had the curtain been securely fastened back ; had the wind not unexpectedly risen, or, rising, had ever continued to blow, there is every reason to suppose that the catastrophe would have been averted. In the latter case, the constant agitation of.the curtains, , and the consequent, ventilation, would in all pro bability have saved them ; but destiny willed it otherwise. As it was, the scene was awfully impressive and affecting. Save and except the ghastly hue of their countenances, there was nothing to lead to the conclusion that they were any other ' than asleep ' was 'the 'sleep that knows no waking there, prematurely cut off in the of their career; lay stiff and lifeless of kindred and the joy of parents, self, it is wholly impossible to variety of contending emotions by mind was swayed. The more I reflect the circumstance the more perplexing appear. Had Arnold indeed been supernatural means of his approach solution, and had I, in like manner, rendered conscious of the moment of parture ? True, he. might have visited as I assured him he had previously ? clump — under the influence of ? lism — but then how to account for ? disappearance? He never passed on doorvay ; indeed, as long as he was visible, he never stirred from the table. then, again, was I myself awake; and had his own previous disclosure was upon my mind to such an extent 'to pose upon iny organs of vision? i heard it asserted by men deeply yen such questions, that imagination is, peculiar circumstances, capable of figures upon the very retina of the eye by such actuclly rendering visible ? which have no existence. If, indeed nold's betrothed one died about the the the supposed visitation, the coincidences certainly go far to establish the fact appearances ; but this I have, of course means of ascertaining. Government took possession of everything found within the tent. An inquest follows as a matter of course, and, upon the return of a verdict of ' accidental death,' thoo remains of the unfortunate youths were hi committed to the bosom of our con mother, there to await tho advent of M in which : The earth shall echo no man's tread, - And ocean shall give up its dead. The Late Ma. Bowlby. — Thomas Bowlby, the late special correspondents \ Times in China, was the son of Tb y Bowlby, a captain in the Royal artiUerj;!!, mother was the daughter of General Bali : He wns born at Gibraltar, and was tbeeli of a numerous family. When he- wu very young, his parents took up theinJ ?? deuce in Sunderland, where his fatter i tered upon the business of a limbtrn j chant. Young Bowlbys education W ;l trusted to Dr. Cowan, a Scotch Scboulp j who settled .in tho town about forty ji ) ago. At the academy (where be hadfc i class fellow another distinguished son -lf j Wear, Mr. Tom Taylor), Mr. Bowlbj / exhibit any remarkable ability, but 'he. ? always well up in his classes, and beak v fair classical scholar. After leaving mI ;: he was articled as a solicitor to his cop JK Mr. Rnssell Bowlby, who at that time j) ^ tised in Sunderland. On tho complelio ? bis clerkship he went to London, nnd s some years as a salaried clerk in the offic a large firm in the Teaple. About ib ? 1840, he commenced practice in the oily l Messrs. Lawrence nnd Crowdy, and fort years he enjoyed a fuir practice. , BqJ profession of the law was not adapted to tv peculiar tastes, and much of his lini £/? spent in literary studies', and in the com] ;j of some of the literary celebrities of [tU i tropolis. He was a roost enthusiastia ? mirer of Shaka$ere, and was ever readt ; a quotation from 'his writings. Sborllji i' he commenced'practice, Mr. Bowlbv mi | the sister of his father's second wife;:) j; on the death of her father, Mrs. Biwlb] V came possessed of a considerable forturit I 1848, Mr. Bowlby first became conn* with the great journal in whose senffl had lost his life. At that time the M revolution was surging over almost the ill Continetit of Europe ; and, immediate!; its reaching Berlin, Mr. Bowlby ,wa& ' spatched by the Times as its speo.ial m pondent. In that oapaoity he visited BM' parts of the Continent ; and, soon aft« return to England, he contributed to') paper several articles on the condition Hungary. During (lie railway mania,/! Bowlby got into pecuniary diffioultieayw caused him to leavo England for., a. el time ; but it must be stated to bis bop that ho soon after made nrrangomepti the whole of his Juture^arningstoibe'lipji in liquidation of his debts. On hiflT^jl this country, he was for some time asso$ with M. Jullien, and made arrangemtatJ different Continental towns for that |p man's musical performances. Mrv JJoifl although he did not pretend to.be.inpft any instrument, had a thorough knowUdj? musical science. We next hear of bifl Smyrnn, where he wns engaged in oiifrof departments oonnectod with the construjfi of a. railway; but his labours there fl abruptly, terminated by the failure. of'J Jaokson, the contractor. :He then rotnn to England, and remained unemployed f he wns engaged to proceed to China 88, i speoial correspondent of. the Time*.- 1 terms of his agreement Were £1500 a ft with liberty to draw upon the concern W,i amount that might be required for theii cient disoharge of his duties. Mr. Bowl was a man of most amiable disposition, |i of good conversational powers ; his age »oj probably be about 43..,. He has left a,w« and five children, most'of whom areqftejw years. — Sunderland Herald. , . , ;,,j ' ? ? _^ 