There is something to command the sympathy of honest men, even for the parties who merit -the most hearty con tempt, when these parties stick to their ." old loves," , and brave all. consequences _ for the sake of their first iifi'eetions — only there is a necessity for such tenacity to 'the " old love," as any new love is about as hopeless . as a fall of snow under ' the equator. There is precious little satisfac tion in doffing the old likings when there is not the ghost of a chance in wooing now and fresher likings. The Council, true to their antecedents as lovers of the antique system, have, with expected unan imity, thrown out the Chinese Bill, on -which the Assembly bestowed so much deliberation. In this convulsive throe of impotent, though for the time r effectual, oUstructivelicss, tliejTliavinlon'e" \- their utmost to perpetuate- an- evil, which may probably he. remedied by the blood of British citizens mingled with the blood of worthless Alongolian barbarians. In the estimation of the dying Council, the Chinese are darling creatures— -loveable moonfaccs — moral and innocent as the great Socrates himself— clean and tidy-ias the most punetillious dandies— Uarge" pur chasers of rice in scores of tons from the honourable Mr. Towns — lino cooks — healthy as crickets on the authority of Dr. Alleyne — the saviour of Aloreton Bay on tlio ipse dixet of Captain Towns, the first introducer of the pest, who has the' hardihood, tlio boastful hardihood to say that ho is proud of his achievement. .YVe wonder what the freight was ! For aught we know a cargo of Chinese may pay better than a whaling ship after a . sixteen months' cruize returning .with a full hold of oil, blubber, and whalebone. Air. Towns "glories" in being the first to introduce the Chinese. Guy Fawkes would have gloried iu the same way had lie succeeded in blowing that egregious and lying James the' First .with his Par- : liament into destruction. It certainly is : a strange theme of glorying in an old Sydney shipowner and merchant, to re joice in opening the way for barbarian -pollution . to overflow the noble country which gave liini his riches anil position. But upon the whole, Air. Towns takes the monetary view of tlio Chinese argu ment, and therefore every sensible person will only conclude lie is speaking iu pocket, selfish phraseology . Other mcm- bers of tlio Upper House are enamoured of the Chinese, and their speeches,' to our .mind, display such a barbaric tendency — such - a leaning to the most unmitigated heathenism being brought to the colony, that wo are seriously inclined to believe that they voted more'froin spite than from .ccnsciontiousnoss. Air. Jolmsoij, -with bis \- usual felicity, said " great delusions existed in the minds of the multitude as to the operation of Chinese labour on the country. Their labour has boon of very great benefit to the people. There was not a more luxurious or spending people' than the Chinese. They bought up all the poultry at a higher price, and circulate a large . amount of money." It is clear that Ah\ Johnson is a maudlin theorist on the ad- 1' vantages of the Chinese to the people. If tlio honorable member had a noultrv yard near his "luxurious" friends, lie would find to his chagrin that the "higher .price" for poultry would be very expert, .and very skilful, and very excellent tliicv- .iiig. Few will adopt th.e opinions of the sage Mr. Johnson, whose knowledge of tlio Chinese is iu the inverse ratio of the legal liberty of manufacturing accounts. How British subjects, occupying the .highest places of legislation in the colony, could lift their voices against the Chinese exclusion, or rather, limitation bill, is one of those moral problems which wc cannot solve, uiiless we admit the quantity of the squattocracy, and then the dullest can without difficulty -arrive at the correct answer. Barristers who know nothing of the country, merchants who have no . further object than profit, squatters who wish nothing more than their own per sonal aggrandisement, and money grubbers .who have not an idea beyond pounds, shil lings, and pence, are iu favour f of the Chinese importation. The colonists must succumb to such men as Towns and Lamb, or else they must raise a remonstrance so strong and unmistakeable that the Chinese champions will be obliged to give deference to the voice of the community. The Chinese are to be admitted as usual — military force must be used to protect these aliens— English troops are in reudi; jiess to pour the volleys of death into British subjects, who have every reason i to -abominate the aliens, l'or whose sake the lives of their countrymen are en dangered. It is pitiable to think that our lordly legislators should outrage British feeling, and regard that feeling as unworthy of the slightest attention. However, tlio defunct Upper House are yet assured that its conclusions shall have no effect in dumping the thoroughly felt dislike of our people against the Chinese. The authority of Johnson and Isaacs, air! others, will be regarded as ancient ab surdities ; and the decision of the Council will be looked upon as one of those very ridiculous things which common sense and the rules of defence will be set down as the unwarrantable assumptions of men who have neither affection nor sympathy for the views of their fellow-countrymen. 