BLONDIN AT THE CRYSTAL PALACE. [From the Dispatch.] It would be a curious task to compare the original programme of the projectors of the Crystal Palace with some of the attractions now offered to the visitors. But one thing must certainly be admitted — that in all their aspirations after high art, they never contemplated such very high art as that exhibited by M. Blondin on Saturday. To dance and throw flip-flaps blindfolded on a rope at least 120 feet above the floor — close to the roof of .the superb central transept, indeed — is a performance which mio-lit almost waTr« thp. Ktr-n«v (rianf-a vrhn guard the temple of Abou Simbel from their sleep of three thousand years, and recall from the Elysian fields to the plashing fountains of the cool Pompeian rooms or the gilded shadows of the Alhambra Court the jaded ghosts of departed Roman aristocrats sighing for a new sensation, or summon the Moorish followers of Boadil to witness such a display of nerve and activity as even the choicest athletes whose faces wore ' the shadowed livery of the burnished sun ' would fail to parallel. To cross on a single rope the torrent which surges at the foot of the mighty Niagara was an idea worthy of America ; so foreign indeed to our conception, that we refused for a time to believe in its probability, and considered Blondin as a myth, and the strange story of his marvellous per formances as a Yankee notion, or puffin the mode pecu liar to the people little less indeed than a gigantic hoax. But when the Prince of Wales visited the Falls, and saw the daring Frenchman cross from cliff to cliff, then we acknowledged Blondin as a great fact ; and, of course, British managers of places of public enter tainment vied with each other in offering engagements. The result is that Blondin is among us, and yesterday made his bow at the Crystal Palace. A stout rope was stretched from end to end of the great transept, a little above the level of the highest galleries, the covering of the Handel orchestra having been removed. At either end of the rope was a sort of alcove, decorated with flags and trophies. Pre cisely at 4 o'clock the band of the Coldstreams took tbeir place in the orchestra, and, for the want of more appropriate music, we suppose, struck up, 'Annie Laurie,' with their usual precision. ? In a few mo ments loud bursts of applause announced that the hero of the day had made his appearance at the oppo site end of the rope, and all eyes were strained to catch ji glimpse of the active, muscular man, in acro bat's spangled dress, and crowned with a tiara of fea thers, who stood, balancing by the centre a pole at least 40 feet long, prepatory to venturing on the rope. A dead silence succeeded the applause ; and then Blondin with a light firm tread advanced along the rope, passing with the greatest ease, but pausing once or twice to sit upon the rope, to the farther extremity over the ordiestra. When he reached the end, and restedon the platform, therewasageneralfeelingofrelief that the long and perilous passage had been achieved. Blondin bowed and then walked backwards for several yards. He then turned round and lay at full' length on his back on the rope, recovering the erect position by a rapid turn of heels over head, or what we believe professional acrobats term a ' flip-flap.' This daring feat was hailed with loud applause, though some ladies rapidly withdrew unable longer to endure the sight. But a more fearful exploit was in store ; for as Blondiu arrived at the centre of the rope he deli berately stood upon his head, then quickly recovered his erect position and ran nimbly along the remainder of the distance. The excitement of the audience was very great ; though, it is but justice to say, partially due to the fear of the terrible risk the man incurred. Blondin then tied a white handkerchief over.his eyes, and drew a large sack over his head, reaching below the knee, but. eaving hi? arms at liberty. Thus effectually blindf Jided, he again achieved the perilous passage of the rope, feining twice to miss his step, to the horror of the audience, and on his return, having actually turned a seini-somersault, muffled as he was, sat down at the middle of the rope, and di vested himself of the sack and bandage, dropping them on to the floor beneath. Having rested for a moment, he recovered the erect position, and having again stood on his head, reached the platform in safety, and so ended his performance. All these feat9 have, perhaps, been equalled by other performers on the tight rope; but when we recollect Elondin achieved then at a height froin the floor exceeding that of the topmost pinnacle of many churches, the strange fascination of mingled admiration and fear which held the spectators breathless can easily be accounted for. It is, how ever, a sad thing that such performances, where the life oi' a hrave man is endangered at every step, should find favor in these days. Amazing as the dis play of nerve and agility unquestionably was, it would have been fitter in a Roman circus two thousand years ago than in the Crystal Palace of to-day, in the presence of cultivated men and relined women. Suppose the foot had slipped, the iron nerve failed for a moment, a mangled mass of bleed ing; fL-3h would have been all that remained of Blondin! Of course other acrobats will emulate his achievements, in the hope of sharing his reward ; and where the mania for such deadly dexterity will end, who can tell ? Not, we fear, till some fearful acci dent lias taught imperatively a lesson we are too slow to learn. The audience, we may add, was by no means so numerous as was contemplated, and the high-priced reserved seats in the galleries was very scantily patronised. Handkerchiefs, with JBlondin's portrait in the centre, were offered for sale at a stall in the nave, and a wretched drub, such as may be seen in street shows, illustrated his Niagara perfor mances. On Thursday evening, at 5 o'clock, being an hour later than on the first occasion, M. Blondin made what the bills called his second ' cataract ascent,' or aerial journey across the transept of the Crystal Palace. The crowd was very considerable, although not quite so great as had been expected. The first rapid flight across the rope went off with great spirit, and was greatly cheered ; as was also the passage blindfold, which, with its little simulated slip at the commencement, flushed the brave and paled the timid as before. Then came the novelty of tiie day's performance, which consisted in M. Blondin making his way to the centre of the rope with a whole batterie de cuisine on his back, setting it down, fixing it en the rope, lighting a fire, and coolly cooking a series of omelettes, each of which, as soon as it was done, he sent down by a very rapid mode of transit, for the inspection of his numerous friends below. This cooking was, from first to last, certainly a very nervous performance— at least, for the spectators, :cfiVE OffmSOT.. When M. Blondin started from the platform, laden with his ponderous cooking apparatus, he seemed to totter at every step ; and we believe that he actually met on his journey with one or two slight acci dents, which, with any one but a man of his extraordinary nerve and self-possession, might have proved fatal. Half way towards the centre his professional white apron, which he had donned for the cooking, slipped down and got entangled in his feet. He stopped in a moment, 1 stooped, picked it up, and coolly tied it on in a more secure manner. When he got to the centre he estab lished himself in business with the greatest delibera tion. First he laid down his stove, supping down himself gradually in front of it. Putting his hands behind him, he secured it, and then made his great pole fast in front. Having thus made a comparatively secure platform, he turned round, and whilst he leant his breast on the pole, proceeded to cook his omelette secundem artem. He broke his eggs with the greatest deliberation, added his flour, pepper, and oil, and blew the fire gently until the dish was cooked. He once or twice burnt his fingers, as we could see by the energy with which he blew them, but in due time the omelette was dressed, and one (a model one, we suppose) was carefully lowered on a tray for inspec tion. It was afterwards removed to Mr. Strange's dining saloon. The getting up again was a most trying ordeal for the spectators, although it seemed to have neither danger nor difficulty for the performer. Fastening his stove on his back as before, he rose slowly and steadily to his legs, and, with his pole beautifully balanced, marched off steadily to the plat form. The cheers were deafening as this last crown ing act was completed, and M. Blondin, seemingly quite fresh, bowed repeatedly in acknowledgment. 