THE PROPOSED REASSEMBLING OE PARLIAMENT. The day of straining at gnats and Bwallowing camels has not yet gone by. The Ministry that strenuously refused to convene Parliament in December to rectify an error at once trifling in its character and most serious in its conse quences resolves to call an extraordinary meet ing in February for the sake of something less than a punctilio—a mere whim or mental vagary of the law officers of the Crown, only paralleled in absurdity by the never-to-be forgotten "Opinion" of those gentlemen on another constitutional question. The learned gentleman who in a private capacity argued vehemently against the calling together of Par liament some twelve or fifteen months ago, when the very legality of the existence of the next Parliament was shown to be at stake, now bb Attorney-General advises bis colleagues that they must reassemble tbe two Houses to meet a doubt that exists in none but the most | crotchetty pates. Who would imagine that the Cabinet and the Counsellor, who are now ao delicate in their technical susceptibilities, are tbe same who on those former occasions gulped down "tbe entire animal" with the utmost facility ? It is stated with the utmost positiveness that the Government have really determined to call the Parliament together immediately, for no other purpose than to afford an opportunity to the Legislative Council to declare the vacancies which, under the provisions of the Constitution Act, necessarily occur in that body from and after to-day. On the 2nd of February, 1857, the writs for the first elections of members of the Upper House were issued; and four years from that date one-tliird of that House ceases to be. To-day, therefore, the Legislative Council will be, in its degree, precisely in the same position as tbe House of Assembly would be three years from the day on which it first met for the transaction of business, supposing it had not been dissolved before the end of that term. It becomes extiuct by effluxion of time—the only difference between the two Houses being that the one dies at once, and the other by quadrennial instalments. Nothing can more clearly show—we will not Bay the neeclessneas, but—tbe absurdity of the course which it is said the Ministry are about to pur sne now than to apply the principle on which they must act in this matter to the case of the Lower House. Supposing that House to run out its constitutional term of existence it cannot be revived, according to our sapient rulers, until it has been called together to de clare the fact of its own dissolution. The defunct body is to be reanimated to proclaim itself defunct. The ghost of the departed Assembly is to hover about its ancient habita tion in order to announce tbe fact that it is no more. In plain terms, an extinct body must be made to act after it has lost all power of action. The same principle must apply in the case of a dissolution of the Assembly by the Governor. Tbe dissolution creates that "other incapacity" which is held to neces sitate the formal notification of the vacan cies. so created, first by resolution in the House, and next by its President or Speaker. There is nothing in the Constitution Act, or the most recent Electoral Act, authorizing the Governor to issue writs for the election of a new House of Assembly which does not also apply to his power of issuing writs for the one third moiety of the Legislative Council to re place that portion which becomes extinct by operation of the general principle of the Consti tution Act. If it is lawful for the Governor of his own motion to issue writs for the elec tion of a new Assembly, it is equally lawful' for him to issue writs for tbe election of six new members of the Council when one-thud of that body, ceases to be by virtue of the direct operation of the Constitution Act. This ■ is not mere dogmatic assertion—it is the ne cessary inference from the whole tenor and spirit of the Constitution Act) and it is for those who affirm the contrary to give reasons lor their opinion by pointing out the provisions on which they rely. But not only do the obvious spirit and general principles of the Constitution and Electoral Acta militate against the viewB said to be entertained by the Government, the plain language and orderly unagsooit of the clauses are equally opposed to them. The 26th clause of the Constitution Act—the only clause which csn create any doubt on the matter—is. manifestly intended to apply to ex ceptional cases only. The renovation of the Assembly after its complete dissolution, and of the Council after its periodical partial dissr lution, is secured under the general powers im plied in the 2nd clause of that Act. But provision had to be made for the restoration of the full complement of the Parliament after those casual occurrences which may at any tame cause vacancies in the Parliamentary ranks. And this is done in the 26th clanse, which follows the clauses in which all the modes of personal incapacity for legislative service are detailed. From its position in the Act the exceptional purport of this clause is rendered evident; even if it were not so by the phraseology employed. But the phraseology confirms this view. It is "a vacancy" that is there provided for—not a constitutional extinction of the legislative body; and it is such a vacancy as may occur equally in the Legislative Council or the House of Assembly, for the two Houses are named in combination in the clause. It is impossible for any careful stndent of the Con stitution Act to come to any other conclusion than that the Governor, if he have power to issue any writs at all without the instigation of the Chairman of one of the Houses, has fall power to issue them when the expiry of four years partially dissolves the Legislative Council. The idea embodied in the Constitution Act is this:—A certain amount of change in the legislative body must be periodically effected, and that shall be secured by making the term of office of so many cease after a certain time. The head of the Executive knows when that time arrives, and upon him is devolved the duty of making provision for restoring the Parliament to its constitutional dimensions. But accidental changes will occur at irregular times; and the executive government can have no knowledge of such changes unless intimated by the representative of the body in which they occur. The vacancies which come within the knowledge of the Governor as constitu tionally necessary, or created by Iris own act in dissolving the Assembly, he must take certain steps to refill. But he cannot take such steps in relation to casual vacancies until the fact of their occurrence has been communicated to tbcm; and there fore the House and its Chairman must give him the necessary information before he acts. And this simple and rational idea of the Constitution Act is evidently recognised and carried out in the Electoral Act. Why else are there two distinct clauses relating to the issue of writs when one would otherwise have sufficed ? The first of these clauses (sec tion 21 of the Electoral Act of 1857-8) gives the Governor a general power to issue writs for the election of members to serve in the Legis lative Council and House of Assembly respec tively ; and obviously refers to these times of general re-election which are required by tbc provisions of the Constitution Act. The next' clause refers to the exceptional cases merely, and enacts that in such cases the writs shall only be issued on the receipt of the notification of the vacancy. As many of our readers may not be able to refer readily to the Act itself, we quote the cluuee, which reads as follows :— "22. Ail writs directed to be caused to be issued by the President or Speaker, for the purpose of electing a member to nil any seat in the Legisla tive Council or House of Assembly, vacant by the death, resignation, acceptance of office, or other incapacity of any member, shall be issued by the Governor only, upon the receipt from the Presi dent or Speaker of the said Legislative Council or ! House of Assembly respectively of a notification 1 of such vacancy." We would call special attention to the con struction of this clause. It is obviously limited in its application; for it specifies all write of a certain kind—that is, the write "directed" by the Constitution Act "to be caused to be issued by the President or Speaker." And it clearly implies that other write than those referred to in the clause may be issued by the Governor without a notifica tion from the Chairman of either House; for> if otherwise, the clause would have been made absolute fay striking out the words " directed to be caused to be issued by the President or Speaker," and enacting simply that " all writs shall be issned only upon the receipt of a noti fication," See. Putting together the points we have established, let us see the result we have obtained. We have.seen that the Governor has power to issue writs without the direct intervention of cither branch of the Legislature. We hare seen that the dissolu tion of the Assembly and the partial dissolu tion of the Council stand constitutionally in the same category. We hare seen that to require the intervention of the Assembly in its own renovation is absurd, because it is to require an impossibility. It follows that to demand the assistance of the Council a^ its quadrennial replenishment is equally needless, if less absurd. The independent power to issue writs which it is admitted the Governor possesses must apply to these periodical occa sions, or it can hare no active existence whatever. 