THE BAR AND ITS DIFFICULTIES. \---A TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. 1 Sir,-I have read several letters in your paper from parties complaining that, after they have food leading counsel, they cannot obtain the services of the " gentlemen of the long robe " so obtained. In The Argus of to-day, indeed, one 'if your indignant complainants talks of turning .' every man his own lawyer." "But has it never struck your correspondents that they have no one to blame so much as themselves ? Upon a cursory inspection of the Victorian Late Calendar and Almanac for the year 1861, I por ( cave there is a list of not fewer than exactly 100 I arristers qualified to practice at the bar of Victoria. Now, supposing we deduct 60 per cent., or one-half the above number, as barristers filling magisterial and other appointments, or not in practice in Melbourne or elsewhere, and then deduct 50 per cent, off that 50 per cent, for barristers not of first class calibre, this will leave us 25 gentlemen learned in the law who are fully competent to hold briefs, conduct, cases, and appear in court and plead their client.-,' cnuscB. Do we not see patient, longing-looking, re-pegged and be- gowned gentlemen, who have "eaten their terms" or undergone their ex- aminations," if not "loan," at least hungry," for the want of a brief to make a meal upon, and casting wistful eyes upon the " heavy bag " of a Michie, a Fellows, a Stephen, oran Ireland and wondering when their bags shall be tenanted by even the ghost of a brief ? Unquestionably need. Well, then, the remedy is an easy one. If, as the poet sings, "Full many a from of purest ray serene The dearly unfathomed caves of ocean bear ;" and if, as is as undoubtedly the case, full many a wise but unused head, and discreet but never cited mind, are shrouded by the horsehair and the power in our Supreme Court, and many a pocket tenantless for want of a brief, then let suitors and their attorneys cease to put briefs into the bags and fees into the hands of the two or three leading counsel (who, by etiquette, cannot refuse a brief, and by inclination cannot decline a fee with the mere haphazard chance of who shall be the more fortunate suitor to bag the lawyer when his case comes on, and hand those briefs and those guineas to the rising, barrister.-; of the colony, who only want opportunity to show " the stuff that's in them," and we shall then hear no more complaints of briefs spread and guineas thrown away. ] Baron Garron-, one of the most eminent conn tel and judges of his day, and so long " like rnticneoi.il a monument smiling at grief," that he resolved to turn coal higher, or any other thing by which he could buy bread and cheese ; when, lo! the vision of a brief. To add to his good luck, his "leader" could not come. Garrow won his cause, and made ME reputation. The opportunity to shine once afforded, the long neglected, but able, lawyer never afterwards sighed for want of a job, but groaned under the burden of business that fell upon him. So let us. to with more than one now mute, inglorious" Garrow of the Victorian bar. Give them the chance, and they will not throw away the opportunity. I am. Sir. your obedient, sf.ri-.-mt. J. H. W. Melbourne, May 6. 