J^ERNATIGITAL-^EXHIBITION OF ?-."."". 1862. (Ftnm'ihe Daily Telegraph,, August.) ^...WniLB the actual work of the" Exhibition building-at S tilth Kensington is advancing daily with giant strides, a commensurate (progress is-made'with official arrangements. We have to an hour of the conclusion of important matters' which were in abeyance till when we last wrote upon this subject, and it which have only been definitely settled <\--;-within the past few days. The appointment of Dr. J. Forbes Watson, of the India Office, a tithe superintendence of the Indian department is a piece of intelligence which we " baWtbri" greatest pleasure in laying before The public. The assertion that his name is a I guarantee for the completeness of all their officers under his direction, is not a r Pte *jf"^i?rnpTIirrieptkry-phrase,'lint the star drnent opal gratifying fact. The list for ' local wiinmittees^.has received numerous t'.'{,p;tjor,R> In thrrVaseof several of the ss. ..-:?;,? ar' ?&?*&-i? educational .Wentific.'-or "9 -The water, nation; Wfi? h-- s ,,,??,. ii of "',mm,ttees have been formed: - "A ppli-" tfc^'gV^ James politician to pour in; arid: "^n'.Jt'eh - there. P no doubt that the work of rejection will be a wholesale, one, ' Intending exhibitors should be on no account !''Pfli\,0oiiraged"-from their proposals, to fill up. so ' 'manviBCluare feet with objects of industrial -* -and inventive skill. The various committees, t.Wwlll'g'rudae no trouble in selecting as it is unfelt by every member that the more there is '^Wchoose from, the nearer will be the ap ii sWmtch to an ideal perfection in each departs. ments 'It may be that exorbitant and pre. pnsterouB demands for sydney have, been made;. but; even in such insane?!!., the \- -advantage of selection will be individually afff.iijrjil' For example JoHn Smith applies, let no way, for one. two,- or, three hundred l-;';->isriiinr'ifeet.- -J'dinS'^itV^s not undeserving. He is.. merely CyVo.r-prod',icUve orr . over ?I'lingiiiheV'.' and 'his exuberance must, be a primed. by whole operation .itlie.KtthstnnHnl ¦moritV'oT-Joh}) Smith was brought within" reasonable, compass.. He will, cut .:,,-down.'jv<'i;yr well-, into; fifty, twenty. !rAtV0J.>K PyCn . . ten , : square; feet; and "a it's far from improbable that his extrava irJilgAnt.yestiraate, of his own powers and :-j;»j;te.=ioiircos of. supply may have tended to a ot:-;pon(l result,, inasmuch. as the truth of con- densing his quota of display will be better performed by a body of competent judges than by himself. As no rent will be charged -the chief necessity of a direct calculation of space by designers, inventors, and manufacturers does not exist; so that we may srCPJ-ea'sily-imagino their claims to be made, if not at random,' with a determination to give their requirements a margin, for, which, ^.lit-hojvever.large, there will be nothing- extra to pay. We repeat, therefore, that the up. privations far room cannot be too numerous, handlebar their superficial extent is-by no ,£} means . a cause of regret or deprecation fire; -Additional work it will certainly impose on the committees; but it w: iS'Work precisely of that kind which they have willingly undertaken to perform. real 22 The list of trades which the commis ( showers have caused to be prepared, and 4s which, though yet incomplete, is", far more 'j ,cprnijrcherj8ivo than any of the trade direct as stones that have: been published in different ¦ parts of the country, is a remarkable rifles. vol tion of that growing principle, of modern-in- dustry, the division of employments. The ex-A -list furnished by the Gonsusof1851 has been more than tripled. A. system -(if sub-dividing His Sfip-peaW now to have nearly frenched its at most limit. The minor classifications in some branches of manufacture, are infinite. The, article silk, for instance, is dealt in by a'! whole can a logue. of merchants and pro- ducers and. the value of the material is exemplified in the fact that silk assayers figure in the extensive" list. There are some ,_trrtdes_tho..clasRificatinn of which has puzzled "" the cnmmisi}iooer.y;whp have trade. Scribbling millers,.... woolly tooth, therefore', placed them in nn-nppwdix, where they stand in brothorly-ohscnrltj». Avery humble pMer.sipn.tn technical acquaintance with the industrial arts enables us, however, to find .^HiMial'.s-habitation and a name for one or two of these outcasts: of makers, were grinders, fitters, compounder, ¦.(^erclierjSi shiva.,turners, and stretchers are, ^'.jvojj'cpnfeijs, beyond our ken Nor are we. "qn it clear as to what plainback minutes tnivr,a;c;r)iu(lers; and woodland -threshing lined makers-may happen to 'be.' But tassel thinner manufacturers and heathery _imiuuXurturorB appear in enjoys' compares fairly intelligible, nomenclature. A cinder in the olden been used to mean a pound keeper, ho-of,\yidccfield having exercised' that capacity in- regard to his neighbors' erratic dnnkpyVg''esey and pigs; but the office of poundkeeper. would hardly (bid . scope of/qjieratidli1 in the building at South Kensington; withal we Conclude a cinder , must. be something else. As for iron, liquor ?,e0'-fea'kf;rii vertical ii ii" spirits manufacturers', we -ei 'rifle inform the commissioners that the" both have a relation to the dyer's business. r ntRyithp0 term a' tin spirits " is undersTood a f^.'cpmpo^iti'in of madder into which the sisters. "Madder of itself dyes purple, but the action of this., then it is to sudden; and a very bright and' beautiful line is obtained by the admixture Like '""""111081"" discoveries, this one has its, personal anecdote. A workman's runs! the story gave his sweetheart a quantity. of madder to' dye 'some article of dress. She put the. stuff away in a tin mug and when she' next looked at the contents of the t!:lr.vc6sei%'cbange in the color was found to have taken place. Of course she told her true love all about it; I and- need we add that the happy couple were enriched by the accidental discovery, and passed their wedded life in great affluence ? Whether this tale-be true or not, the compound term "the spirits" signifies a dye stuff; and so does the other term in question, J' iron antiques." : ' There-.- are trades beside those we have is mentioned which are somewhat mysteriously ; entitled - though the commissioners have succeeded in assigning them regular, places in, the'-- catalogue. Of- these are kfshinglers, raff merchants, and dealers, secret springers, beetle finishers, chilled ''and' grain rolls manufacturers, peel makers, and a good many more. Peel makers, we presume, supply the baker with the roughriders machine- with which he shovels his batches of bread in and out of the oven. Of Shinners and beetle finishers we are so profoundly ignorant as of scrub. bling millers and other members of the unknown classification ; but secret springers interest We believe, the makers of springs for the secret drawers of desks; while raff merchants urged the name partly implies, dealers in some refuse, most probably of cotton, ~wnrii;~nud ' other woven material. Noll dealers are, Ava' know, in this category-, F" Noll " may be easily traced, from its ely geological roof-top mean know." When 'wool M's combed is in the impracticable bits 'Jcnmb out in the process, and these are not landed and sold to the Noll Dealer, who ^riia|c9S,,of, Ihein an inferior short staple wool. ^Bt'.t.iyliataro "chilled and grain rolls," and ing they good to eat? Being of the hardest possible iron, we may say that they are not, unless the pn ever really good digestion of an ostrich he I'l-'iiL-ht to bear upon them. In telling iron, a surface of extraordinary hardness is 'f^q'tiii^ii to come in contact with the white metal. The rolls, or rollers, which are. confer this purpose are, in cutting, subjected td'a-superficial temperature of great coldness which indurated and toughens the iron. This, then, is the meaning of " chilled" rolls, and we infer that the grain in question has also a reference to some peculiarity of surface. We have several trades, again, which are more suggestive than puzzling, and which have practically satirical bearing: on the age in which we live. Antique furniture makers have, no doubt, a fine profitable business of their own, which is only in danger ofbeingove'rdone. Thocollectorofoldnrmour will be much interested in learning that the mainmast ureofchain-mailisnt present a most active and thriving branch of industry. ; But what with the lady of' fashion,:,! he scullery wench and every petticiiat-wtnrer in the Bri- tish Isles, say to a distinct trade classification' of crinoline makers? Ry reference to the' London Post Office Directory it will be, perceived that this is now; a business per's ] That it will have died out before the V ' A Grigor the'ExhibifiLn of 1862 is 5 years .¦matioti'devoutly'to be "i*^;.^"^ .the;.pplic?.tiOn^ for space, are - "2 6 j, classojWisbihiturs.ut less, be by whelming;."' S,., A , ¦.; ,' . ,:Woleaj«»th^ various trades, known and unknown -in hands competent: to arrange; -their.exlstbiUo'ii V and now proceed to other points of, fled fiul,j(,ct# A question' which must have occurred to everybody," arid w" each Linseed was ably ventilated in a paper Gadsby Mr. William Hawes, at the meeting of the Society of. Arts, under the presidency' of the Prince- Consort,, in June last is, that of the price, of admission. It was' shown by Mr; i Hawes that; while 'the Attendances' at one shilling or one frank rate and upwards iii Paris and Loudon bore a near approximation to the population of each capital, 'the Paris Exhibition had the advantage of 2.12 433 visitors who were admitted at a charge of four sons each. It hardly needed : the ghost, of any such statistics to rise up and tell us that a low rate of admission is essential to induce the attendance of the really working classes. But there is a" matter-yet more important, as it is of more complex and difficult consideration than this question of entrance-fees. Mr. Robert K. Bowley, the able general manager of the Crystal Palace, has treated the subject very thoughtfully as well as practically in a little pamphlet, which has hitherto been restricted' to private, circula- tion.-' That subject, in. brief, is the accessi- bility of the exhibition. Mr. Bowley argument is, that no undertaking of the: kind can be properly developed which does not afford the opportunity for day excursions from all parts within reach of ¦sixoriscven hours' railway travel. This, he contends, the Exhibition of next, year will, so far as its present prospects indicate, failto:effect. Besides the distance of the main station, which the great companies forming the junction of nd extension line from Wandsworth. to Kensington intend building near Hammersmith Bridge, as also the equal if, not greater remoteness of the Victoria Station,-, there are serious objections especially in, the latter case. It is well known'that,-.wilh the-traffic now existing, from the as yet' undeveloped London, Chat ham, and Dover, the Brighton and Week-end, and the Crystal Palace lines, considerable difficulty and delay are experienced in bringing the trains into the station through the narrow neck of line from; Battersea to Eccleston Bridge. There are only two lines of rails across the bridge, the gradients on either side of which are inconveniently steep! The curves?especially, that on the London aide, of the river-side sharp and hidden;, consequently extreme caution has, now to be exercised with this portion of "the line. But when it is borne in mind that before the opening of the Exhibition, in May, the traffic of the London and North-Western and that of the Great Western will-be brought on to this. line within the London, Chatham, and Dover line will be completed, and function as a thorough Continental route and that an enormous., additional, traffic must present itself at the Victoria Station for the Crystal Palace during the period when the Exhibition is open it is obvious that excursion' (rains' to Victoria. Station in any numbers will be; if not, as Mr Bowley -maintains,'; absolutely impossible;, at all events in plain' \ both difficult and dangerous of accomplish- ment.' Granting its practicability, however, we-may'safely assured with Mr. Bowley that a distance of a mile and a half or two miles between the Exhibition.) building and the nearest railway station; would; be irn'moriseiy injurious to a system of day excursion traffic. At: such a period as that of the coming, event of 1862, the ordinary means: of and conveyance to South Ken- sington will be vastly "overburdened; j A heavily j taxed turnpike,; moreover,' interposes between the site. of the Exhibition and that of '-the'? projected -' terminus in the llhtrimorsmitli-ioad. What - remedy can I be , provided against an evil which " really threatens the prosperity ; of the International Exhibition? -Mr."Buwluy's plan for lia is far too practical to have mooted these difficulties without having in view away, to overcome them is, the formation of a short branch line from the Kin Vnigtdn and'Wandsworth Junction, running direct between Earl's Court and Noah End to within n, few hundred feet of the- Exhibit stolen building; 'Bitch a line would, the pro- poser thinks, he amply remunerative. We have no hesitation in coiniiieiidi.iig his timely suggestion to the notice of the commissioners and the public. The refreshment department remains in a state of much uncertainty. We announced some little time since that communications of a preliminary character, had been made with first-rate houses, and that the leading Parisian restaurateurs had been invited to tender "The subsequent announcement by a contemporary, that the tenders are already out, is premature. A month will probably elapse before this will be the actual case. The plans will not be ready for inspection before the 20th of September, at which, date her Majesty's commissioners hope to be able to settle the question of contracts for the supply of refreshments. Meanwhile, the intention they have intimated-of dividing the tenders, and thus of admitting several contractors to the field of operations, ought to be carefully re- vised. The object is no doubt a good cue; but experience has already shown the futility of seeking it by such means. . We look with apprehension to the threatened scenes of open rivalry, the conflicts of touting waiters, and other scandals, not forgotten by the visitors to the Crystal Palace of 1851. Surely, in these days of enterprise, a single responsible caterer might be found whose known integrity and standing would be a security for the due performance of his bond. We trust the subject will receive all the deliberation its great importance, deserves.'.' 