OPF.mSG OF THE ?-. AUSTAL ASIAN WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFER ENOS. . '. , : THE Seventh/Annual Oonferenoe of the. Australasian Wesleyan Methodist. Ghurob began ile sittings, in the Centenary Churoh, York-street, on Thursday, tho 17th January, at IO o.m. Tie President, tho Kev. John Eggloaton, gave out tbe 478th hymn, beginning, " And are we yet alive". The filth chapter of isaiah was then read by thu Seorotary, the Rev. I). J. Draper, after willoh prayer was offered by the Rev.. J. A. Manton and James Walkin. During tho devotional exercises there^wasja hallowed feeling of the power of prayer. . - .' si The Pms roEKT rose, snd, with evident. feeling, ex. pressed bis gratitude to Cod for the preservation of bis servan's, and for tba preolous graos of the Divino pré- senos 'with wbiob the Oonferenoe had opened.' The reason why the Conference bad been summoned for Sydney,'1 instead of Adelaide, according ' to the décision of the ; last Oonferenoe, was that the British Oonferenoe had honoured them with n deputa- tion to oonferwith thom upon important matters oon neotedjwith the Internat or the Churoh,. and thnt,*,with a .view to the Rev. Dr. Jobson .having an opportunity to eonfer with as largo a number as possible of the sonior minister«, the Prosldent had'' been authorised to de part from the ordor of plaeo previously observed. He had great plensnra In informing the Oonferenoe timi their recommendation of last year had been agreed to by the borne Conference; and thon road tho English minutes appointing the Rev. Stephen Rabann President of Goof, renee fur 1801. ' In handing over tho Oonferenoe list the retiring president expressed bis high esteem for the minister who had boen appointed by hin brethren to the ohair nf tba. Oonferenoe, and earnestly, prayed thnt the year nf bis' presidency might be ono of great comfort to him <e!f, and prosperity ta the Gliurab. ; v On laking tba ohnir nf tba Oonferenoo, tho President; who.waa moved with,rauoh feating, said that.he. won deeply humbled under tho 'bonnor and' responsibility which hal boon conferred upon him ! while he could not lay'olatm to the abilities wbioh distinguished IJÍB pre- decessor in office, he would not yield to hny of them in honest, Sincère,-determined purpose to Berve (he cause ot God. He ardently loved Methodism. To its instru- mentality bo was greatly; indahtod.: Ile besought an In- terest in the prat er». ot.M*. brothren. ,. ; r. ; ' I The SsanBTAnv then called pat tho roll, when it WAK found that nearly ilfiy ministers wero present, and that a fow others were expootod to arrive In tho oourso of tho woolf, I I ., .; ;¡,, \¡ -- -. / i : ' . . ... ,. The Oonferenoe,-now duly constituted, proaaeded to tho «laotian of i Secretary. Tho oholao fell upon the Rev. Thomas,Buddlo, for wham there .wore t wenty votes, tho OfXt number being for the Hov. James -Walkin. After tho Seora ary had returned thanks, tho ox-l'resl dont rfsd.lhe minute pf; the.British Oonferonoo appoint- ing tho Rev. F.J. J»bson,D.D.,lts ropresontatlvo to the Ootifornnoo.'and then briefly int todito'il bim to the Prc aident, who Introduood bim to,tho Conlcronoo, tho minis ter» all standing np,to wbloomo bini., >"..... Tho President briefly exnrosaad on his own bahalf,i anti on behalf of tho Methodist mlnlstor* and, people of Australia, tho high satisfaction and deep obligation felt on oeanunt; of the ; honour, thus conferred upon, timm by the appointment, and his confidant hope, and oertain convlotlon, that the Hooter's valuablo coubsot, advloe, and as«l»tanon. would result In groat good to this oburob through all its filiare. ' , , The Rev. Dr.'Jonson expressed tho grateful pleasure ho felt in seeing tho. Rev. Mr. Rabouo in th«' presidan» tlal chair of the Oonferenoe, kno »lng that ba bad, long been a Moalodi libouror itt the flold of Christian mia Itt v ... .,, NI , ' - H.. ,.,{ . trout, and sold that it««* muter of joyful iatisfaotlon'ft the ministers of tba British Conference to. know tba Methodist ministers were nominated for their highest offices ; men, who by their long and persevering ezertioni in the canse of Christ, had'earned for themselves o good reputation. Snob selection was in aooordance with th« Christian preoept :-" Whosoever will be great among yon let him be your minister; and whosoever will bt chief let him bo the servant of all." He added, that be bad tbo honor of bein* tho official bearer of an Âddresi from the British Conference, which be then presented to the President, j Tbe Address having been read to the Conference, ' The reverend Doctor spoke at considerable length to I the ministers assembled, in lerms wbleb frequently eli. j cited outbursts of response from hi« joyful bearers. He expressed bis thanks for the very kind and true fraternal I welcome given to him by the Conference, and bis fear I that with the tumult of strong emotions raging within, ba would not be able to reply suitably to .tho greetings I and salutations be had received. It was not the time to analyse feelings, and to apeak of them separately, I else ba waa sure that in ' the combination j of multiplied feelings then possessing bis nature,. there would be found prominently among them the feelings of I wonder, love, gratitudo and joy. When be looked upon his brethren in connection with tba extended work ao oomplisbed by them in this great south land, within the I spaooof a few. years, bia mind filled with wonder; when . he viewod them as fellow.Methodist minis'ers with him. self, bis heartbeat and swelled with love to them; I when he remembered, as be would ovtr do,' that what. j ever good is done upon the earth, the Cord dotti) it,' sra I titude filled np the full measure of his soul'; and when, i in sympathy with the Catbollo prayer at the opening of the Conference, he considered their ' relationship with I Christian ministers and people of every name,' be felt I the joy within well up to overflowing', and pour' itself forlh to minglo itself with tho joy of bis brethren; so that they rejoiced together' BB with. the joy of harvest. That was not the period, however, to be analvsinn feel. ings, as only one' who bad paid any attention to menta philosophy would know. It required oalroar moment for suoh an extrrise of the mind. ' And he WBB there not for himself, but for other*: he woe there as tbs re I presoutative for British Methodism - t< ' tender to them the' . fraternal greetingi j of its ministers and people-to exprese for them strong and undying interest ia them, and ic the work of God,in those parts with which they who were I before and around him weie offloially »nd most honour, ably associated. Ho might, however, be allowed to say for himself in passing, that he was a filling massi nger for the ministers end ohurohes of Methodism at home. When be went to the last Conference in England, he had not the shadow of on idea ia his mind, that an ap. pointment for him to visit Australia weald bu made ; and when it was named to him, ha .saw immediately rerious difficulties from personal, ministerial, and ott), oial obligations presenting themselves against ' ht* no qulesconoo in that appointment. ' But ho had learned not to choose appointments 'and ciroumstanoes for him. self, and to submit himself, to God and tb bis brethren, -and with a beloved ' wife wbo,'for'Christ's sakai was willing to accompany him to the ends of the earth, he had come to them. And he had ooma with long cherished interest in-tho Methodism of Australia.-;!! would be known by sortie of them'that ba bad received great indulgence and favours from the fathers and brethren at home ; and that at an'early period'of life he wns taken by them'into tlieir companionship and ooun. sela, and taught the sludy^ and Work of Methodism:" He'' WOB' present in tho ? consultations ' in Centenary Hall, . in London, on -" tho subjeo'of an affiliated 'conference for Australasia.. Sinae its oonstraotion nnd'orgnnlsstlbn he bad-read attentively tbelr yearly minutes, their pastoral addresses, and their I other -published doouments¡' end in tbelr continued j and increasing prosperity he-had- rejoined from-year to year. But nsw,' when he «ctua/ly stood, up nmong,Aus. j trnlian Methodist ministers on their,own ground, h is'joy w'ns full. Sumo of thom had bean bis companions in youlh, and in early life werb wont to exchange visits with him ot parental hornee'.'Other» bad been, associated . with'bim in English circuits. And others were known to him by good report.' Tueso and other 'considerations moved him Inexpressibly, and oombined to produce upon him their power'ul effects. But in thus expressing, pro. - fossedly, his own sentiments, bo waa, at the same time, j expressing the sentiments of those be had ooma so far to, represent. British. Methodist ministers sud Dennie lc ved them with a pure heart fervently. They ? remembered them in their thoughts, conversations, «nd prayers; and he «as sure it'«as no exaggeration to deolsre that there was no part of ibe extended oonneoHon more eared foi than that nf Australasia. , They (knew the' fondness of British Methodism tor missionary work; and «ben it was omsidered, that comparatively reeently such men ss Leigh, Lawry.iWalorhónso, Humby, with otherJ, such as tho. venerable Nathaniel 'Turner, then before bim, were the pioneer.iabourors in thin part of the . Gospol-field; it was with the groatest fervency tbn.wondeting exolnraa lion,was uttered, .* What1 hath God wrought !" That exclamation ho now expressed for. the thousands ofthe Methodist iBrnrl throughout tbs world. If ,1t, wera asked, why tho Mothodists'of England rejoiced BO greatly in thotr brethren ' and children so far. away, he .would answer, beaauso of their Christian and Methodist stead- fastness. .They bad been careful to rest on tba old and .tried foundation». They had had resrloot to spiritual living godliness within the soul, to family .religion, and family worship, as their pastoral addresses, issued from year to year, showed. They had Inculcated growth in grace, perfection in lovo, earnest effort for the oonver- t-ion of the ungodly, and libaral endeavours for Ibo salva- tion of the heathen in the outlying islands around thom! [ Theae were essentials in Methodism.' Without them it would be bata natue without a reality, a shadow without a subitáneo, a dead skoleton of bones and sinews with» ont a heart and vital motion. - These essentials must be held fast in all hémisphères, if . Methodists wau'd be faithful to God, end faithful loone another; and for their unyielding hold upon thom, British Methodists rcjoloed. Another reason for rejoicing before the Lord .was found in tbe odheronoe on this side of. the globe byWesleyan ministers to tho old tvangtlioal form of Methodist preaching. In England, as they would know, there bad been attempts, under newly coined terms and phrsret to disguise tho truth, nnd to present os more original and attraotivo thon in tbe garb of St. Paul'«,' Martin ¡ Luthers, Georg» Whitfield's, and John Wesley'a preach- ; lng tho Gospel of. Christ. O th err, under professions of broad and catholic, but in reality lonee viows of Christ- ian, doctrines, bad sought to embowel Christianity of her living truths. Thank God I io England thcro had been nodoparlura from »ll Methodist proanhing by their brethren .in the ministry,-and be (the Dr.) waa glad to know there bad b.en equal steadfastness in tbe truth here. ; There would be diversity of gifts In a living min., ittry. Poetry, philosophy, and miration, would ba found according tothe mental oharaotors of the roinistors ; .but that nosegay style of dressing up the gospel as for a publia entertainment, waa a tinsel and a gaud offenaivo to God, and which man will 'soon nausoate, while a I Ohrlstless Gospel was a mockery and a froud, Tba Conference at home reioioed that the, brethren af Au».' tralasla edhornd, not ' only lo , tho troth, ; bat to' old' forms of troth, to oommon, sense, rand to their own Saxon language." .' Anothor. reason of thankful gratification waa their oare for the boat lote, reala of the young growing up in thesw oolonirs. In ICnglnnd the WeBleyans had horn ti oved by évente end olrontnninrioea to do eo. Tney had found that they muHt do BO, if they would not be elbowed ont oft tbelr "plaoa and station in the land, 'And be was 'glad, to rhave tn 'report that in Great Brimin, both day end Sahl atli WIOOIH had boen multiplied in their number, and .«le* voted in their character. And it would beoomo Metho. 1 dista everywhere lo attend to thia department of pburob labour. English i Methodists left .their 'Australian brethren and friei.tli to determino whether they, would tako'Stato.nld for ' tholr day schools,' They1 of tho old, eotintry considered that to taka'baok' as mttali ns '-thoy could obtain ont of what they paid for this ohjeot waa' to insure tho bnst uso of it. But colonial circumstances must bo aonBiderod in ? both opinions and acts in the use of pnhlio money t ml it was gratifying to know that Australian : Methodist' mlniMere, enjoined upon i their people to seek the speedy establishment' of doy schools by all-available1 manns;1 tBnd the Mothodlsls of cid England hopedHho lime was not 'distant when higher lo'tools ' and ellloient colleges ? would' be found mist lined by Weslejnns ' in . llioso .. regions, 'The Doafur then referred' to subjects namoi! - in the address of tho Biillsh. Conlerenco, and in tho memorial »ont to it from' ihe! Onnferonoo of Australasia last year.' Hu enid' tho' British Cunfermioo fully sympn. : thlsetl in the anxiety expr«s*èd for the supply of a duly qualitlod ministry. Ha obtened it is'God's'perogativo to coll and send'forth effl ttnnt mini»tors.; -'But-ne Dr. . .Hunting (observed (boro tho Dr. was interrupted by a spontaneous hurst of reverential fooling for the departed mlulster named, when ¡ho' oxolnlmed fervrntly-Thunk »uti I forthat expression of filial reverenoo for one, who, if unywhere near,onrlli, ls riot fit from this patt.of thu work of God, 01 which his large mlsnlnnary heart was' se'.) As Dr. Bunting observud, "A gonulne revival will yield ' ministerial candidate»." It was so; for iwliare: ahttrehes were found quiok and alive with spiritual feeling,' and nual.iua (or tho Lord of Ho-ts, oandidates for the ministry would be among their fruits. At home it bad been round BO-henos the last year being that nf tbs gieatoat unmerioal inorcase-with one yeet'n 'exception, bad yielded the largest number nf ministerial oandidates. This legitima'o fruit of ahurehaa baptised I ¡with the Holy Ghost «nd power, British Methodius p nyert mlghübe found more abundantly in Australasia, ic (tint tbe orjing want* of tho colonie» and ot tba Uland» of the Paoifio might ba more adequately «applied. Th« Conference of England waa 'also io fa 1 ' sympathy witt the Conferenoe in Australasia ou ~an educated and effl. oient ministry. This object had been muoh considered nd discuss id by tba British Conference lately, In thinking and spcoki g of it, they did not mean tb.M every effioient minister of tho Gospel moist be in thc fashionable sense ot the phrase, |" a loamed man.' Suoh a requirement would reflect upon tbe memory ol some of the fathers and foundors of Methodism, who, though not in tba rohool sense learned, yet possessed the best of knowledge end knew bow to employ it'to the' best cf advantage. Bot in tbesa days ministen were required, obie to teach and lead forth their people ! ia scriptural, experimental, »nd praotieal knowledge, j and that with suob proprl. ty »nd order of upeeoh as 'should command their rtspeot and attention. They mast sti 1 cleave to the principle, that now, as of old, God would oall to pres oh and minister for him, from all ; ranks and olajes of society. Bat in these days'of I faoilily for selMmprovoraent, if a young man believing that be is called by tba" Holy Ghost to preaoh the Gospel does not avail himself of ai ls presetted to him for self-improvement, he, in' tbe'Dootor's oj Inion, by that negleot disqualified himself." For while valaiug elementary knowledge and mental discipline, rot what minister of power bad not worked bard at self-improve, ment 1 AU must dj HO if they'would not be drones in tbs hive of Methodism. . Tba British Conference had acted upon this ground, and last 'year rejected from the 138 oandidates for tba ministry 30 "of.'tbem; and be would asy earnestly, and with a voio'e that weald reaoli all affiliated oonferonces, if praotioablo, " Do not take our leavings! Do not take incompetent'and leay' men;, They will Dot benefit or serve; you.' Tbs brethren at home will help you to ministers a» far aa they can, if yon desire ir; But, SB declared in tbe answer lo your memorinl, il «ball henceforth only be with such as bave passed through all the usual forms of rt commendation and examination for English circuits. They will also clo what is practicable and proper in the supply of mission, aries. Of this, however, and of other matters named in yonr memorial, be munt speak aa the , several suhjeots should atise in the order of proceeding. But be would observe, in conclusion, that Methodism at home was not only prosperous numerically, and in its fonds, but it was now more united, oom pact, and spiritually fruitful than it bad ever been before. Ita ministry, to <, was. encour aging. Some of the venerated forms remembered . by I brethren there had departed from tba Conference, j Watson, Anderson, L ssey, . , M reden, ? Iteeoe, Ur. Newton, and Dr. Bunting were. gone. And. in:aame instances be could not say their places were filled np by Bingle individuals. But God could put. two 'or balf.a dozin men in the room of .one, and tbns carry on; bia Work. On the average, and in tbe whole, there is more I talent and power> in the Methodist, mlniatry at" home than at »ny fat mer period. Som« veteran fathers still1 remain to diroot their counsels. Such ministers as Thomas Jackson, Dr. Hannah, Dr. Dixon, John-,Soott, Iioao Keeling, Dr. Boole, John Lomas, Jobn Farrar, and ; Fr jr cia Went, wera still with them, as were the men of middle life, suob as Waddy, Stamp, Prattenbnry, Dr. Ot born, Pratt, Barrett,'James, atid Arthur. ..There were also promising younger men,'rising np, whose name»'' were honoured In' oil chu'ohes, and whose eloqutnoe and writing were known in. all parts of Groat Britain. The diBousslons' of last Conference, somewhat lengthy perhaps on some matters, brought out ^'groat powers i f debate, and gave promise of Mothodist advocacy grateful ' toi every lover of the brotherhood.' For hirriaelf be hardly knew "where be ' stood. Ha. wea brought' up among, and methodistioolly educated, by tba older men, and yet bri was tba' companion of tbs middle »ged and' the younger. The fathers, on tba one band, wera pass.' ¡rig away onoafter another ; but, 'thank God I other» »re' riBing up in their'stead. ' For fathers, brethren, »nd all th s" Methodists ' of1 tho fstbérland, he tendered to the Australian Conference and to Australian Methodists, loving and "prayerful greetings, wishing that they might' soon be mode a thousand'times ss many more as they I are, The Rev. Dootor sat down amidst groat applause, with which he bad'been often greeted during his ad. I dress.. ..*,'" '*. ">'.''"; ."' ' 