I LAWRENCE. CLARENCE RIVER. | I (From Vie Herald's Correspondent.) | OOB IMPORTS AND FxrosTS.-I have much pleasure in forwarding the returns of the above for the past quarter There has been a slight falling off on preceding quarters, bnt that must always be looked for at this time of the year. Altbongh the returns are small, we have to con- gratulate ourselves on the fact that in addition to the old friends who formerly transacted their butineas through . .awrenee, there are several new ones who have at length seen the advantage of having their trojds by this route. I also find that during to» last half-year there bas been loaded at this place, for the interior, no leu than 382 drays, osrrying en an average, two and a half tons eaob, and, were it not that onr roads are in such a fear- ful state, the number would be increased ote-third 1 hear that there has been £700 appropriated for the road ; it is certainly time there was a portion of it spent. The late rains bave washed away bridges, and msde holes thatotrtaioly ought to be repaired. Who is to blame-the Road Committee or the Government ! The former tay that they have no money. Where} Is it T bhould the weather continue as it has done for two or three monthh longer, the' New Englanders will be 'running short of tot, sugar, and tobacco, it is hoped tr>at the Govern- ment will d ? something without further delay. There is some report that the road is under the osnt-ol of Mr. Keele, superintendent for th* Northern roads ; if this is the case, we shall be molt happy to aee Mr. Keele plao ing some man oa it shortly. There are several works that have btn oommrnoed by the Hoad Committee, vis., on the Six Mile Swamp *ud Gurrabubla Mountain, bat the works are at a standstill for want ot funds As for the former place, it is terrille, and whoever is to blame for the delay will mott certainly be haunted by the ghosts of sundry bullocks whose days have been shortened by the punishment they have there received. There is considerable talk just nsw about the Governor paying a visit to the dis- trict in some months time, but certainly if he withes to have thorough experience of the oolony he should oome just now, and try his hand with a dray and team of bul- locks. There ia a great deal said about tramways and that sort of thing, but if the Government would endea- vour to out down trees, bridge tue oreeks, ont away sid- lings, and make a few drains, it would answer all pur- poses for some years to come ; when we bave a dense population in the interior. B ¡tish enterprise will not be so dead but that oompanies will be formed toeonstruct railways, Ao, where required. In the meantime, let us have fair and passable dray roads to the interior. The diggings are moving along very quietly. There has been no news of importance for some time past. I perceive, by the Tenterfield Chronicle, that some of the ground is turning out very, well on M'Leod's Creek and . lsewbere The Ewengar is very quiet, most people be- ing deterred by the dense brush from prospecting the numerous auriferous oreeks around there. Malna Oreek is reported to be turning out very well, as also Pretty Gully. Tooloom is very dull indeed, there being rather too large a supply of water for the river claims, which turn, out the best- We have had a consi- derable addition to the digging population lately, both Enropean and Chinese ; and I believe that a greatmany more may be expected shortly. 