MUNICIPAL CORPORATION. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4. Present-His Worship the Mayor; Aldermen Cox, Colton, and Williams ; Councillors Campbell, Kiteley, Rankin. Clark, Brice, Pannell, Vosz, Thomas, and Cottrell. CORRESPONDENCE. Letters iVoui Messrs. Flemming and Cornish were read, thanking the Council for their appointments as Collectors. A discussion took place upon the reading- of these letters with reference to the appointment of a Collector for Robe Ward, which it appeared was still vacant. Several members said they were under the impression that when Mr. Stratton was appointed Inspector of Nuisances he was also to have the Collectorship for Robe Ward ; but it appeared that was not embodied in the resolution passed on that occasion. Councillor CLARK proposed, and Councillor PANNELL seconded, a resolution that Mr. Stratton be the Collector for Robe Ward. Alderman Cox. before the resolution was put, suggested that the salary should be increased, as he considered it only fair that Mr. Stratton should be put more nearly on a footing in that respect with the other Collectors than he stood at present. Alderman Cox was informed that was not the proper time to entertain a question of salary. The resolution for the appointment of Mr. Stratton was then put and unanimously carried. THE DOG ACT. The CLERK explained that it was necessary for the Council to come to some resolution to say what officers should carry out the provisions of the Dog Act. as it would be very convenient to confine that duty to one or more particular officers, to be turned. Some of the members proposed that the duty should devolve upon the Inspector of Nuisances, It was resolved to refer the matter to the Legislative Committee. CORRESPONDENCE. The following letter was read from the Under Secretary: " I have the honor, by the Chief Secretary's direction, to return you the by- law for regulating the storage of hay which was forwarded with your letter of the 20th ultimo, and to inform you that the law advisers of the Crown object to the proviso contained in the third clause which it will therefore, be desirable that the Council should amend or strike out. The by-law, when this is amended, will be immediately approved. "OLIVER K. RICHARDSON." A letter was received from Joseph Mellor, Brown - treat, intimating his intention to erect a verandah in front of his premises. Referred to the Overseer to paper A letter was read from Mr. Back, stating that great inconvenience had been experienced by a settler in the south, through a want of knowledge of the regulations, sending in some cattle for sale on a Wednesday, when Cheap only could be sold in the market, and suggesting that an alteration should be made in the regulations, to enable cattle to be sold on that day as well as on Saturday. Referred to Market and Slaughterhouse Committee. A letter was read from Mr. Berry, stating that he had had an account for rates sent to him for a house which had been recently let as a school-room, and now empty-, and requesting to be released from payment. Referred to Finance Committee. A letter was read from Mr. Dunstan, stating that he had had an account sent to him for rates of a house in Rundle-street untenanted for two years, and expressing his opinion that if he paid half the assessment it would only be reasonable. Some discussion took place upon this letter. Alderman Colton thought the letter should be simply acknowledged. Fe thought, as the assessment had been fairly made out, that the Council should not interfere, as the fact of the house being without a tenant was a matter entirely with Mr. Dunst m ; perhaps it was his own fault in trying to exact a greater rent for the house than it was worth, and so kept it unoccupied. He gave it as his opinion that if such subjects were entertained, there would be no end to such applications. Every member of that Council he believed could make such an application. He knew he could, for- he had one which had been deserted a long time. He had tried to let it, but no inducement that he could offer would induce anyone to go in and occupy-," as there was a rumour spread in the neighborhood that the place was haunted with ghosts and hobgoblins. Councillor Clark seconded the motion, as the whole of the assessment had been fairly gone into, and an appeal allowed within a certain time and as Mr Dunstan had not availed himself of the right to appeal, he could not now bring it before the Council. Councillor Thomas proposed that the letter be referred to the Finance Committee. Councillor Kiteley supported Aidormau Col ton's motion, as also did Councillor Rankin. Councillor Campbell expressed himself in favor of referring the letter to the Finance Committee. It was eventually resolved simply to acknowledge the letter. A letter was read from Mr. Robert Birrel!, to say, ,: that seeing by the public prints that it is not the intention of the Council to enquire further into the late decision with regard to the station man at North Adelaide, and us I am personally concerned, I beg respectfully to request that an investigation take place as soon as convenient to the Council, to have the matter cleared up, and the public satisfied." As the subject matter of this letter was embodied in a notice of motion referring to the Public Works Committee, tabled by Councillor Kiteley, its consideration was deferred for that report. BOtANY. The following letter was read, and excited no small degree of merriment in the Council, every member shaking his sides with laughter during the whole time occupied by the Clerk in reading it. "Adelaide, February 2, 1861. "To His Worship the Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide. 'Gentlemen Seeing by the newspaper reports that, sooner or later, the art of self-defence will have to be thoroughly understood by your worshipful body, I be;' most respectfully to offer my services as your instructor, either by the hour, day, week, month, or at every sitting of the Council. " I have in hand a large supply of second-hand boxing gloves, used by the fancy in the prize ring of England by heavy and light weights, which I shall be happy to let out on very reasonable terms ; the same to be returned in good order (fair wear and tear allowed), but to be free from blood stains, as they cause scratches. " My very old and particular friend Mr. Heenan has kindly offered his services as second to see fair play, provided the Civic Bowl is substituted for the bottles. and Inspector of Nuisances is allowed to act as bottle or bowl holder, so that the P.R. shall not be disgraced or burlesqued. " Yours, etc, THOMAS SAYERS, " Champion of all England." Councillor RANKIN said he hoped the members of the press present would take no notice of the document, as it seemed a a voluntary and gratuitous attempt t by some unknown person to throw ridicule upon the Council. The MAYOR said he had no doubt the gentlemen of the press would use a proper discretion in the matter. OiMies.-" Oh ! it's only fan." RE WICKSTEED. A letter was read from Messrs. Fenn & Bruce, enclosing a letter from Messrs. Lawrence fe, Knox, stating that Mr. Wicksteed was ready to enter into a bond for the payment of any costs in the action respect- ing the deodorising- contract. Deferred till the bringing up of the Deodorising Committee's report. FINANCE COMMITTEE. The report of the Committee gave the receipts as £350 12s. 6d., and the expenditure £392 2s. 7d. ; overdraft, £2,863 5s. 2d. It also reported as follows: "Re Jones, Collector Your Committee met on the 28th ult., and, finding no money paid in, instructed the Town Clerk to write for an immediate payment. Mr. Jones's answers are forwarded herewith, and the Committee request instructions as to what course shall now be taken. " Re Lang. -A letter addressed to your Committee is also forwarded herewith. " The late Collector for Grey Ward has addressed your Committee, which letter is likewise forwarded. " Mr. Stratton has written your Committee as to re- muneration for collecting in Gawler and Hindmarsh Wards during his temporary appointment, and your Committee await instructions. " Time to pay Rates. Your Committee advise that Mr. Joseph Ward be allowed till next month to pay the remainder due by him for rates. *' Assessment for 1861 Your committee have to report that the necessary books signed and initialled have been handed to the Collector for Gawler Ward. " Time Valuator has engaged to have the remainder ready for the collectors by this day week." After reading the Report the Clerk read the two following letters from Mr. Jones : " Goodwood Park, January 29, 1861. " Sir-in reply to your letter of the 28th instant, I have done all I possibly could except giving the property away. I was persuaded not to have the auction on the spot as I intended, but to allow it to be tried again at Messrs. Green & Co.'s, on Friday last, and was only offered £450 for what cost £1,150, my reserve being only £600, so it was not sold. I am bound to sell £600 worth before I can get the title deeds from Mr. Fill. "With the additions I have made I hope to get it sold for £600 ; directly I succeed in selling it I can complete Mr. Martin's purchase and raise the balance, which I hope to do without much further delay. I have advertised the matter-see Register, 30th instant. The £200 alluded to was promised me by Mr. Hardy, and should have got it advanced on account of the sale, but Mr. Hardy was called to go to Melbourne without, any notice, and was to have returned on the 25th instant, as I was to got the £200 on the 26th ; but s from some causes unknown to me, he has not yet i e turned from Melbourne, and I am, therefore, disappointed ; but the very day after he arrives I shall have the £200, and the cheques will be drawn in favor of the Corporation. " Regretting deeply that these delays should occur, over which I have no control, and begging a little further time, I am, yours obediently, WILLIAM JONES." Goodwood Park, February 1. " Sir-in reply to your note of yesterday, I waited on Mr. Hardy this morning, and I regret to inform you that Mr. Hardy, in consequence of the accumulation I of correspondence requiring his immediate attention, arising from his going to Melbourne, he cannot advance me the £200 until Wednesday next. There are three parties about purchasing my premises, which I hope will be sold by next Monday, when I will report to you. Hoping the Committee will grant me a little further time, ': I am, yours, are-., " WILLIAM JONES." A letter was also road from Mr. Lang respecting his accounts. Councillor CAMPBELL, with reference to Mr. Jones's communication, stated that since he had left home that morning he had been made acquainted with circumstances which induced him to believe that Mr. Jones would shortly be able to make up his defalcations if the citizens would give him a little more time. Councillor RANKIN said he should like to hear the opinion of the Chairman of the Finance' Committee (Alderman Colton) upon the matter. He knew the subject was watched with considerable interest and anxiety by the general body of citizens, and he did not think it should thus stand over from time to time without any satisfactory explanation being given. He thought the duty of the Council to the citizens was imperative to see that the matter was settled at once, he said he had been frequently asked by many citizens what the Committee were going to do, and therefore he should like to have the opinion of the Chairman. The MAYOR remarked that the whole statement of the case had been before the Committee. Councillor RANKIN replied that the statement did not satisfy him, because he found that Mr. Jones had put them off from day to day by saying what he was going to do, and as far as the Council was concerned they were not more forward than when the ¡nvestiü'aüon was first entered upon. He considered that the Finance Committee should give some explanation. Alderman COLTON explained that what the Committee had done, and were now doing, was fully before the Council, and all the information collected by the Committee had been laid before the Council ; but if Mr Councillor Rankin wished to ask him any question which had not been previously answered before the Council, he should be very glad to do so. Councillor RANKIN did not consider the report placed them in a better position than they were before it was brought up. He considered that as they had sureties for Mr. Jones, the sooner they went against those sureties for the recovery of the defalcations the better it would be. It seemed to him that Mr. Jones had been merely playing " ducks and drakes" with them. The thing he knew would admit of no further delay, as the citizens were crying one ak.ed, " What have we done in Jones's matter !" Alderman CoLïù.\\--Ti;e facts of the case are already before the Council. The MAYOR bore testimony that the Finance Committee had been very diligent in the matter, and could not think any blame could attach to them, but said that if any member thought there should be any action taken that was the time for each member to do so. Alderman COLTON said he was about to do so. He said it was the unanimous opinion of the Committee that immediate steps should be taken to secure the amount of the deficiency, because they were well satisfied that. Mr. Jones had been playing with them from the first' In the first place he had deceived them with reference to the order signed by Mr. Martin, which they afterwards, found could not be made available. The Committee had taken great pains and had narrowly watched the case while in their hands, and at the last meeting they thought and resolved that the better plan for them to adopt was to place the matter in the hand! of the Council to take action in the matter, and therefore now submitted their report to the Council on the subject. Councillor CLARK eulogised the Finance Committee for their exertions in the matter, as he believed the result of their labor would show that for the future no proper protection for the interests of the citizens would he omitted ; but with regard to the particular case of Mr. Jones he thought His Worship the Mayor should be joined with the Finance Committee, and if it was then found, as it had been intimated, that Mr. Jones had been playing ducks and drakes" with the Corn not see, that the matter should be at once put into the hands of the City Solicitor. Alderman COLTON then moved, and Councillor CLARK seconded, that the report be adopted. Councillor KITELEY took the same view of the question as Councillor Clark, but at the same time reserved to himself the right to point out at any future time the laxity with which the Finance Committee had begun their labors. The reservation claimed by Councillor Kiteley elicited some rather warm remarks from the members of the Finance Committee and the old story, reported in this paper at length when the question was first discussed, was here repeated. Alderman Cox moved an amendment to the resolution -'4' That the bondsmen of Mr. Jones be called upon for the immediate payment of his defalcations." Alderman WILLIAMS seconded. Alderman Cox, in allusion to the matter having been previously in the hands of the Finance Committee, said he did not blame them, but he blamed the Mayor and the Town Clerk, because he considered if proper supervision had been practised no such defalcations could have occurred, and he had often seen the Collectors of Rates in the Clerk's office with their books, and it would be very easy for the Clerk to see that when the receipts in the book were torn out, that the Collector had received the money. Alderman COLTON explained that the Clerk merely saw the Bank vouchers. Alderman Cox continued, that he thought that the Council should not make fish, of one and fowl of another." There was no such procrastination when the case of Mr Lang- was brought before the Council, and he could not see why there should be in the case of Mr. Jones. The Council had been tampered with, and he considered the bondsmen should he called upon to pay the amount immediately. He could not conceive any circumstance which could be taken as a justification for Mr. Jones's tampering with the money of the citizens. Alderman WILLIAMS agreed with Alderman Cox. Councillor PANNELL, with regard to Mr. Lane, said it was no use the Council to sue him, as he had no money, but Mr. Jones was a man of property, and therefore there was a great difference between the position of both men ; besides, it was well known property was now very difficult to dispose of. At the same time he must express his opinion that Mr. Jones had grossly misled the Council. Alderman Cox With regard to Mr. Lang being in an inferior position to Mr. Jones, said he had made enquiries out of doors, and was informed, on very good authority, that there was no difference at all between the two individuals. Many persons could easily represent themselves as men of wealth, but when put to the proof would be found to be mere men of straw. Alderman COLTON again gave it as his opinion that Mr. Jones had practised gross deception upon the Corporation, and with regard to the letters sent by him to the Council, if they were looked into they would be found to be; very cunningly and ingeniously concocted, in the first it was said that Mr. Hardy had gone to Melbourne without completing the business, and the-i that Mr. Hardy's correspondence was so voluminous that he could not find time to attend to Mr. Jones's business ; but if any further delay took place it might turn out that Mr. Jones was insolvent, and then, he would ask, what would be the position of the Council ? Councillor KITELEY S lid the proposition to refer the matter to the Finance Committee would not prevent that Committee from taking immediate action. They would be guided by circumstances, and if they could not get the money at once, they could immediately go against the sureties. Councillor THOMAS believed, with Alderman Cox, that J there had already been sufficient time allowed to close the matter. It was not wise in the Corporation to show too much leniency. They had given Mr. Jones very great leniency and every opportunity to explain his case, and therefore he believed the matter should be dealt with a stricter hand than the Council had as yet used in the matter. He considered the conduct of Mr. Jones as a very great betrayal of confidence. From the reports he had been in the habit of sending in he could not in the least degree imagine how he could have fallen into such practices. Considering that Mr. Jones had been keeping the money of the Corporation for upwards of a year, and as they were paying interest to the Bank at the rate of 10 per cent., he (Councillor Thomas did not think they would be doing their duty to the citizens unless they insisted upon immediate payment. Council or COTTRELL expressed himself in most indignant terms at the way in which Mr. Jones had acted towards the Council in taking the money of the citizens and appropriating it to his own use. He pronounced it a most dishonest act, and said he should at first have been taken before the Police Magistrate, but there should now be no further delay, and something he considered should be done. The first thing was to get back the money of the citizens. He had no faith in a man who had been dilly-dallying with the Committee as he had done, and therefore would suggest that the Committee should institute proceedings at once. Councillor CLARK hoped Alderman Cox wool 1 withdraw his amendment, because he thought the Committee, if they saw it advisable, would fall upon the sureties at once. With regard to Mr. Jones and Mr. Lang, the former was an only an agent, and therefore could not be brought under the operation of the criminal law, whereas the latter could, and that coast. tuted a great difference in the two cases. He considered in every view of the case that it would be most advisable to leave it in the hands of the Finance Committee, for even if insolvency should take place, the Committee could act much more quickly than the Council. Alderman Cox's amendment was then put and lost. The original motion to leave the matter in the hands of the Finance Committee was carried. From Mr. William Lang, informing the Council that he anticipated being able to pay the defalcations in his accounts before the proceedings against his sureties would come on. He promised to use his best endeavors to do so. A short discussion occurred, and it was resolved that the proceedings instituted should be continued. From Mr. R. B. Morgan, informing the Council that he could not make a return of his accounts until the next meeting of the Finance Committee. Received, and the statement to be insisted upon previous to next meeting of the Council. From Mr. Stratton, naming certain parties who have [ paid their rates to Mr. Jones, but which rates have not been paid to the Council, and mentioning his services as temporary collector for Hindmarsh and Gawler Wards, claiming remuneration for the same. It was resolved that Mr. Stratton receive a sum equal to 5 per cent, for the amounts of rates which he has collected in the ward in question. PUBLIC WORKS COMMITTEE. The report of the Public Works Committee was read as under : " Streets under control of Corporation Addition to the original streets of the City Your Committee have perused the letter of the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, and recommend that the Government be furnished, for the Waterworks Commissioner, with a list of all the non-original streets of the city which were formed and laid out prior to the establishment of the Corporation, and which have been macadamized by the Council, including those under the City Commissioner. Revolving Fountains-Mr. Lewis's Letter. Your Committee were attended by Mr. Lewis, and made a trial of the jets named in his letter, and would recommend that the same be affixed in Victoria-square (the northern portion on a pillar similar to those now being made by Mr. G. Wyatt. Burial of Dogs on Park Lands Mr. Dodd's Letter. The First Inspector of Nuisances informed your Committee that no nuisance now exists on the Park Lands caused by the burial of dogs, nor has there been any that he is aware of since the cases reported by him to the Council, and communicated to the Commissioner of Police. Your' Committee see no objection to the Council allowing dogs to be buried on the Park Lands, pro- vided they a; e properly covered over and no nuisance committed ; the Overseer of Works and Park Lands Ranger to be careful to prevent a recurrence of the former complaints, " Old Botanic Garden on Park Lands Your Com mittees have inspected the agreement with the tenant, and find that the small! paddock adjoining the garden is let with the latter, including the cottage, at £25 per annum, £5 being allowed during the first year for repair -. Your Committee advise that the danger should be instructed to see that the banks of the river within the garden are not injured, and also that he report from time to time how the garden is kept ; also that the Overseer measure and report on the extent of ground included in the agreement. of Frome Footbridge At the request of the Overseer of Works and the contractor, your Committee paid a visit of inspection to the works on the 1st February, and advised with the former as to the further prosecution of the works with a view to the completion of the contrast. A small portion of timber now on the ground your Committee found to be unsuitable, and it will be replaced with other by the contractor. Your Committee advised some alterations in the fencing, and recommend about fourteen additional panels to be supplied. '. Fountain in O'Connell-street. - Your Committee, finding that one of the fountains was to be placed at the corner of Childers-street, in O'Connell- street, visited the spot, and would now advise that the position be altered to Tynte-street, south-east corner, as being a much more convenient place than the one first named. The Standing Orders were then suspended, in order to enable the Council to deal with the first and second minutes of the report just read. The first and second paragraphs of the report were then adopted as read. »rODOKIZINO COMMITTEE. The report of the Deodorising Oaiuniittiie was read as two-tier r Your Committee perused the letters of Mr. O'Reilly. Mr. George Dow, and the inspector of Weights and Measures, of 10th December last ; the latter as to the quantity of guano on hand. at Yo xv Committee also received a verbal message from a resident at North Adelaide, complaining bitterly of the nuisance caused by the effluvia from the deodorising works. '.' Your Committee advise, as the nuisance still continues, and there is little indication of its abatement, that Mr. O'Reilly receive three months' notice to close the contract. " Your Committee will consider- and report upon a plan to be erect ed for the future, and in the mean time advise that the Overseer arrange to deposit a portion of the blood, &c.; (as an experiment upon the ground now being trenched by the prisoners, and report thereon. Your Committee are sorry to find that Mr. O'Reilly made so great a mistake in the weight of the manure. Mr. Wickgteeds Claim. Your Committee remit the settlement of this matter' to the Council, as being too important for them to act upon, and would suggest the propriety of obtaining -the opinion of the City Solicitor. so that an answer may be given prior to the departure of the next English mail. The Standing Orders were suspended to admit of this report being considered. Alderman WILLIAMS strongly expressed his opinion that the Deodorising Establishment was of little use to the community. He had looked into this matter lately and found that every ton of guano cost £40, and as it only brought £1 10s., a great loss was entailed. He should move that Mr. O'Reilly receive three months notice in terms of his engagement, that his services would not longer be required. Councillor CAMPBELL opposed the motion. Councillors generally expressed their opinions, and it was resolved that the report of the Deodorising Committee be adopted. OFFICERS' REPORTS. A report was received and read from the Overseer of Works, informing the Council that the contracts for street watering would expire as under For Hindley street, on the 5th of February and Rundle-street, 1st of March. It was resolved that the watering of Hindley-street be continued at the same rate during the present month. The report also alluded to the necessity of posts being erected to prevent trespass on the footpaths on the Botanic-road, and it was resolved that the Commissioner of Waterworks be written to on the subject, and the Inspector of Nuisances instructed to see that the nuisance is discontinued. A report was likewise read from the Clerk of the sheep market, in reference to sheep being left in the market over night. Referred to the Market and Slaughterhouse Committee. TENDERS. Tenders were received for fencing required on private I acres that of Mr. Thomas Hobson being accepted, the amount being 6s. 6d. per rod, and 6s. for corner posts. STATIONMAN FOR ROBE WARD. Councillor KITELEY moved that the Standing Orders be suspended to enable the Council to consider a motion in reference to the election of the stationman for Robe Ward. The motion was carried. Councillor KITELEY then said that it was desirable the matter in reference to the election of the stationman for Robe Ward should be fully investigated, and he would therefore move "That a Committee, composed of the following members, be appointed to enquire into the matter of the late election of Stationman for Robe Ward, the following to be the Committee Alderman Cox, j Councillors Kiteley, Carvosso, Rankin, Campbell, Brice, Vosz, and Cottrell." He did not anticipate any objection, and he therefore simply proposed the resolution. Alderman Cox should have no objection to second the motion, provided that the Mayor should be requested to attend and to swear all witnesses. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PANNELL should also move that the re- porters be requested to attend, as it was desirable the matter should be fully made public. Councillor CAMPBELL said he voted for Crosbie. He should not attend, although a member of the Committee, as he considered the whole affair was most disgraceful. He should not attend. The motion was carried with the additions suggested. The Council then adjourned until Monday next at 5 3 o'clock. 