INDULGENCES. To the Editor of the Launceston Erxasminer. Srt,-As the member of the St. Joseph's So ciety wishes to make it appear in theo last Chroni. cle that Mr Fawns is very Ignorant, and the nuthor he quotes is a fitse witness, perhaps heo will give the public his views upon the following from Itomuan Catholic books, as they appear to me to encourage anything rather than that pure lo rality which he says the doctrine and practice of his church nourish. First, the form of indulgence, which is as follows:-" May our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy upon thee, and absolve thee by tile merits of hirs most holy passion ; and 1, by his authority, that of his blessed apostles, Peter and Paul, and of the most holy Pope, granted andl committed to me in these parts, do absolve thee, first front al ecclesiastical censures, in whatever manner they have been incurred, than from all thy sins, transgressionls, and excesses, how enor mous soever they may be: even from such as are reserved for the cognizance of the holy see, and as far as the keys of the holy church extend. I remoit to you all punishment which you deserve in purgatory on their cecoullt, antd I restore you to the holy sacraments of the church, to the unity of tihe faithfull, anod to that innocence and purity which you possessed at baptism; so that when you die, the gales of puishmlent shall be shut, and the gates of the paradise of delights shall be opened; and if you shall not tile at present, this grace shall remuain in full force when you are at the point of death. In the unamo of the Father,l - the Son, and tile HIoly Ghost." The expense of these indulgences is according to the book called the "Tax of the Sacred Roman Chancery," in which are contained tie exact sums to bo Jevied for the pardon of each particular sin, as follows:- £ s. d. For procuring abortion a0 6 For simony 0 10 6 For saerilege - - - - 0 0 For taking a falso oath in a criminal case 0 a 0 For robbing - -0 1 0 For burning a neighbor a house -- 0 1 0 For deflling a virgin . - 0 iI 0 For 1 lug with a mother's sister, &e.; 0 7 For murdering a layman - 0 -7 For keeping a concublin - 0 10 6 For laying violent hands on a clergyman 0 10 6 And so on. A gentleman, not long since, being at Naples, in order that Ihe might be fully ascertained res pecting indulgences, went to the office, and for two sequins purchbased a plenary remisslon of all sins for himself and any two other persons of his friends or relations, whose names he was em powered to Insert. Perhaps thle member of St. Joseph's Society wilt refer to llawies' Church Hlistory, vol. 3, p. 147; ' Watsou's Theological Tracts, 5, p. 274 ; Mosheim's a Ecclesiastical Ills tory, vol. 1, p. 504. S - onrAL5TY. 