MY HOLIDAY. I CONTINUED, j Theee are few feelings more jolly thin that which your wayfarer experiences after he has disposed of a good hearty solid dinner. It is relief to take off the heavy load from the shoulders, it is luxury to sit down and rest free from the burden, it is beatitude to inhale the fragrance of the friendly pipe, but one is raised to the seventh heaven after the 'tightener,' as the blackB expressively call it. None but he who haB undergone the ordeal can tell the inexpressible relief it is to the 'gentleman of the Press' when in a heavy debate some blundering outsider catches the Speaker's eye, just as one oi tne great guns oi tne uouse, armea with a host of authonties that are piled in fearful heaps before him, is about to rise. None can tell the joy he feels when, after some discussion long drawn out, but which can achieve no possible result, the mover rises to reply. None can tell the savage delight he experiences when the honorable House breaks off from Borne wearying question into a 'point of order' or of ' piivilege,' or the ecstasy with which he jots down some of the flowers of oratory that drop from boa. . members during some scene oi personal recrimination. In all these, however, mingle a spirit of wild vindictivenejg, springing from the knowledge of all that be has 'to be, to do, and to suffer.' And here I may, by the way, remark that I have. often thouehtthat to him may be applied the pitying exclamation of the youngjschool girl, who, being informed, on the authority of Lindley Murray, of the characteristics by which verbs might be known, ejaculated, ' Poor little things, what they must have to put up with.' And to it is with your 'gentleman of the Fiess.' He has to be a gentleman, and yet to tvtftr the treatment of a lackey from men not quite his equals in mental calibre. He has to do all sorts of things, and know something about every one of them, from the highest and most complicatedly knotted political point down to the most barbarous and un- euphonistic aboriginal name ; for should he make the slightest mistake, forthwith comes a letter to the editor, in the most freezingly polite terms, informing him that at the meeting last night the speaker made allusion to 'Tubbabutta,' and not to 'tub o' butter,' as reported. He has to be hustled in crowds, and to be poked about by policemen for pushing himself too forward. He has to be perched up on a hustings in tull view of excited independent electors, exposed to their coarse jukes and mobocratic witticisms, He has to dine at public dinners, at which, until the cloth is removed and the speeches begin, he is rrgaided as an interloper ; and worse than all, he has to sit at public meetings in which he has not the slightest interest, and to listen (o political statements in which facts are so glaringly distorted as to make his hair bristle up in horror as He transcribes them. . But^-hfie I am off on my old grievance again— Wien ttl'.l wanted to Bay was that the relief Bnd efstanr ftftiic reporter had an alloy of savageness in it, wnillt 1 the beatitude of the 'tightener', was supreme. It is almost needless to say after this that ! we h»4 our share of the contents of thit interesting pot, and that we polished off with bread find honey to suchpb exunt as to perfectly confound the juve niltB{ who, .1 prtynise you,'1 had hover before witnessed such gastronomic feats, as were then exe cuted.' .. The, Tain still continued, and AS the day was wearingnway( it was uninimoutly agreed, on the reoommendation - of the- msgister domi, that we should postpone j our attack ' upon the wallobles until the ' following morning, p'hen, with aii 'gaily start, we should have the proB pect of a eood day's Bpbrr bcfofe us. Our host's son, rrankj 'volunteered to be our guide, and promised to ^how usas 'msnyaswsdiked u we could only shoot Oiem. And here, ho broke out into details of the haps nd, adventures of others, who, like oursetves, had llmfully, trusted themselves- in this unknown region. p. profewor' of the sword ' and ' bayonet bad recently i been there, in company 'frith1 another, bringing with them dogs, guns, and an outfit -sufficient to clear the bush of waQoby ; but the Fates were unpropitious. Thu skies had opened, and the rains had fallen for three davB in succession,' keeping them close prisoners to' the' nouBe, -too that,: with 'the first -brebS in the tangled mass of clojids, th^y packed up and returned, leaving this region of storm, and rain -for oueof a more -hospitable -character.. .A. young,, Frenchman had ' also visited them, boasting loudly of his skill at. shooting, and only fearing, that jio wallobies would be met with. Frank-had told him, as he told us, that he would take him to .them, if he would, or could shoot them, So certain of this was our young Frenchman.that he promised Ifrank half-a-crown for every wallaby W snowed him. To shoot them,' said he, 'that is my affair.' The next day, Frank took him to the bosk. . Walloby after walioby was put up, wis fired at,i and was missed); until at last the climax was .put to.Frank,'s discontent by the young Gaul firing at almost a &o;«t pprhiul, ana missing a grey old man, who had perched'himselfonastump, pofesibly for the purpose of-ascertaining what all this firing without hsuf(£was intended for, and who had waited with a knowing kind of don'tyouwishyou msy-gef -me look about him, until they were close up to him.' *| I coilld have shot'hitn With a pistol,' slid Frank, 'yis easy as fallisg off a log, and when he missed . that pne, I cit it.' Frank's feelings were the more r especially lacerated, j as it had been stipulated - that, he was not to take his gun with him, so that the sport oi the Frenchman might not be Interfered with, ' And how many did you show him-.-' I asked. 'About a dozen,' said Frank. ''Thirty shillings. Not a bad day's work,'. I observed. 'Yes, ii I'd have got it.' ' Of course, he paid you ?'.saidL . 'He did —hook;' and Frank west through some juvenile pantomine expressive of aBtobishment at my softness, and finally subsided into a corner -where he commenced a romp with a pet cat. The rain however cleared off in the afternoon, and, as .ducks were said to resort after dark in large numbers to the waterholes, that Bkirted the line of the'paddocks, we resolved to have a go in for them ; and the better to effect our purpose we proposed to erect small huts of boughs sufficiently large to cover ns when kneeling -and to screen us from the quick vision of the sightly visitors. A good eised honey suckle was quickly thrown down, and its boughs lopped off, and these we drew down to the side of the pond, .nearest the house, each man making his own hut, in the spot of his selection. The pool was about twenty yards acrosB, and about thirty rods in length, with a thick gtowth of reed, sedge, and duckweed,- over the greater part of it ; but, along the centre was a stretch of clear water, sometimes widening, some times narrowing, and it was into this that the ducks ' delighted to . plunge ; of course our object in placing our screens was to get them in such a position as to rake the greatest possible length of the clear water. Our host selected his ground with considerable skill, his knowledge of the locale causing him to do this without difficulty. He built his hut nearly at die centre of the western line of the pond, the clear water making a bend in to the Bhore just at that spot, by which he obtained a good raking fire both to the right and to the left. Tom was placed considerably to the right of our host, not in a very good position as regarded the water firing, but in an admirable place for shooting on the wing — since the birds, when disturbed would be sure, according to our host's, account, . to take in that direction. For myself, following our host's example, I took up a good raking position, but on the eastern aide of the pool, and rather prided myself upon the judgmatical way in which I had made my arrangements ; but, from the wicked twinkle that 1 noticed in the eyes of our hOBt, I anticipated that I had made some blunder somewhere. However our work was finished before dark, and we then went up to the house, had an early tea, and just ss darkness was struggling for the mastery over the last gleams of light, we esconced ourselves in our leafy screens, in preparation for the chcute a la hutte. As I stood outside my mia-mia, I waB pleased to find that the light was reflected in first-rate style off the clear water, and of course I had no longer any dread of not being able to see the ducks when they came ; but when 1 entered my honey suckle bower, knelt down, and took a look out through the opening I had left for firing, I was disgusted at discovering that the shade of the bank encroached, in consequence of my being down so near its level, over fully one half the pool. I got out, stood upright, and looked— all waB 'clear and bright ; I went in again and knelt, and, lo, one half the clearness and brightness was gone. I now understood the sly look of our host at hearing my glorification of my camp. I had the light or what little there was left of it right in front of me, and consequently the shadow from the opposite bank told against me. No matter, perhaps, the ducks might come into the visible half ; vain hope ! As the light faded away in the west, sinking lower and lower, the line of shadow stretched over'the pond further and further, until all was one dark inky black, into which, in so far as I was concerned, five hundred duckB might come end disport themselves in security, as I could never see one of them. But, hush! there is a 'quack! quack!' from a large pool on my left, answered by another from a pool on my right, and responded to by a similar musical sound overhead, whilst the rapid whirr of wings proclaims the approach of our game. Presently there is a splash, splash, splash, in the water before me, and 1 know that three ducks have descended, under my very nose ; and that I— miser- able man that I am — cannot see them. I can hear the water ripple as they move about— I can hear their beaks dibbling amongst the sedges, and their low confidential communications and anatanine small talk ; but, for me, they might just as well be jn the black lagoon of our companion Nauticus as here. I am half tempted to rush eut and chance a shot, when— bang ! goes our host's gun. There is a ' quack, quack,' a splash, and a sound of wings, and then bang! goes Tom's gun 08 the birds fly past him. I lie disconsolately in my lair, and hear with grim delight that they have hit nothing. I wait and wait, and heer several splashes in the water, but no shots from my friends opposite, they being by this time in about us bad a predicament as myself, through the darkness of the night 'making the blue one black.' Opr host is the first to move, and, takins a tour round his Bide of the pond, starts up one or two ducks that he can't Bee, and which, of course, he can't shoot. When I see this, I don't trouble myself to beat up my side, but simply walk away homewards, and I am joined by Tom. »Ve were about to enter the garden gate, when wc suddenly heard a bow- wow- wow! a short dis tance to our lelt. 'The dog has tree'd a 'possum,' said Tom. I thought it very likely, but suggested the improbability of our being able to see it, on Buch anight. 'Never mind,' rejoined Tom, 'let's go and have a look, at all events.' As 'possums were gan.e, I didn't mind, and bo we hurried over to where i neotlhe dogs of our host stood barking, excitedly under a small tree, making occasional desperate attempts to climb up. I looked up, but could see nothing. Tom, however, examined tbe tree carefully, and then suddenly ex claimcd, ' By Jupiter, I see his eves 1 ' I looked to where he pointed, and certainly there could be no mistake about the cjeB, for there they were, like two red coals of- fite. In an instant, Tom's gun waB at his shuulder, a flame and a report, and then followed a wild demoniac shriek, such as cer tainlv never came Irom the throat of an opossum, that beast being in the habit of taking the leaden pills prepared for it by man in tbe most easy and noiseless manner. We were not left long in doubt. Catching wildly at tbe branches -amongst which it crashed in its descent, it came to the ground with a heavy thul, and the doe at- once sprung at it. .He sprang at _ it quickly^ but more quickly did he jump back again. Uttering loud yelps of pain. We ran up, ana seeing the wounded animal struggling on tne ground, l dropped the butt oi my piece upon it, and so rubbed it Mit. Tom then caught it by the tail, and held it up to examine it, when, by the little Kght given out by the ttars to e were just able to perceive that we had sliut—oui host's cat ! With feelings very nearly akin as I should imagine, to those experienced by murderers, we held a hurried consultation, in which we mutually recognised the necessity for secrecy, and in pursuance of which wc peifcrn'ed tlie funeral obsequies of poor I'uusy at once and on the tpot. The interment was rather a hasty one, owingto the darkneBB of tho night, and to our anxiety to put out of sight the evidence of our bloody deed. Wc rooted a hole in a Band-hill with the butts of our fowling-pieces, deposited the bjdy therein, and hastily covered it over with the sand, which we trod down with our feet. This done, we returned towards the house, with somewhat relieved, . but far from easy minds. Of course on entering we were questioned as - to what wo had tired at, and our 'possum shooting on such a night becamc the theme upon which no small quantity of jokes was .based. How /looked I cannot sav, but poarTom had the pale, frightened air of one with 'fifty mortal inurdc-rs on his soul ; ' and his ghastly attempts to emile at Nat's hard grim jokes were perfectly painful to witness. As time went on we gradually regained our equanimity, and in the course of half-an-hourTom was himself again. For the delectation of the company he introduced hiB favourite scena of 'The old woman from Botany,' the ancient Same being represented by one of the performer's hands being held is a particular manner, with a hand kerchief arranged round it in the form of a mob cap ; ' and the conversation being carried on vcntnloquisti cally, Tom was in the midst of the most interesting portion of his colloquy with the old lady, by. which he was eliciting thunders of applause from the juvenile portion of his audience, when suddenly there came a mysterious thwack againBt the door, followed by the low growl of a dog, and then by a snort and a shake, Spanker, who had been a most interested spectator of Tom's manoeuvres, immediately started to the door, gave a long whistling sniff at the crack beneath it, and then with a gro nrl made frantic efforts to get out. Tom turned deadly pale, as he dis missed the ancient lady most ignominiously ; and I expected nothing less than that the door would burst open, and that pussy's ghost would enter and de nounce us as her murderers. ' What the deuce is the matter r' said our host, as he sprung to the door, where the shaking and bumping seemed to be going on vigorously. His question was answered as soon as the door was opened, and the light had streamed upon the scene that was enacting. There was the deceiver of a dog that had led ub into our difficulty— like that other dog whose fame the nursery poet haB rendered im perishable, — ' worrying the cat,' that cat which had been the pride of the household and the especial favourite of its mistress. In our haste, we had thought only of the cat, and had forgotten all about the dog, of whom we had altogether lost sight after his yelping retreat. He, however, had not lost sight ol' us, and being deter mined to have some kind of satisfaction for the claw ing he had received about the nose, had scratched up pussy's carcase, to which out slovenly burial offered no very great impediment, and had brought it up to the house, so that he might have the agreeable amusement of shaking it every now and again when ever the pain of his nose reminded him of the insult he bad undergone. The children at once rushed forward and claimed the carcase, now caressing the once lively favourite, and now addressing Tom with ' Ob, Mr. Tom, how could you!' Tbe hoBt muttered and growled, and they were certainly not prayers that he was saying ; Nat was going through a series of bottle-imp laughs, after the O. Smith style ; our hostess said nothing, but she looked daggers— not at me, for I had wisely slunk into the back ground — but at Tom, who, now that the worst had come, had evidently determined to brazen it out. ' Well,' said Frank, 'you are a nice sportsman ! ' ' Y'es,' responded Tom, looking down demurely at the cat; 'it was a pity, wasn't it?' Here, ot course, we had a world of lamentations over the poor animal, all its amiability, ail its virtues and good qualities were set forth, each vieing with the other in their anecdotes. This, of course, turned attention for the moment from us, and in thus acting Tom, as usual, shewed his good generalship. Before the matter came round again to our criminality, Tom, by parallel anecdotes of cats he had known that always did something beyond what this cat could do, gradually worked the 'conversation into another channel; the feeling of irritation was expelled, and, at last, ia spite of the protests of the juveniles, pussy's carcase was igneminiously expelled Irom the house, Tom himself taking it by the tail, and slinging it, as he siud, ' to the other side of next week.' We had had a long and a wearyingday ; our early rising had made it the one, and our journeyings and our disappointments had made it the other. We were not therefore inclined to sit late into the night, but, tak ing the first favourable opportunity that offered, we pleaded fatigue, and were shown to comfortable beds under shelter of a good root Summing up the events of the day, we could hardly come te the conclusion that it was calculated to add to our sporting honours. We had missed the ducks and had shot a cat— the latter by no means a favourable omen, according to the old Roman Baying. ' Never mind,' said Tom, as he pulled off his obstinate watertights, that just as pertinaciously refused to come off as they had contu maciously objected to go on ; 'nevermind; we have had a good feed, and liere we are in good quarters. I told you what I could do. Only you trust to me — and you'll Bee.' After that, what could I do but go to sleep, full of faith in the inexhaustibility of Tom's resources, and I should have done so but for a leaven of doubt that was put into my mind by the senten tious opinion of Nat, who, whilst putting on his nightcap— a red comforter tied turban-fashion round his head— declared ' That the man who could mistake a household cat for an opossum, waB just as likely to con ceive a barn door fowl to be a wonga wonga.' This waB said with eo grave and Minerva-like an air as to deeply impress me, and before I could come to any settled conclusion between the two conflicting opinions, I was sound asleep. It needed not the lullaby eung by the waveB, as with low moans they broke upon the beach, to send me off to sleep. No, I waB dead beat, and curlews might scream, ducks might call, and opossums might whistle, and still I should sleep on ; and not even Tom's objurgations on his boots, or his Jeremiads over the morrow's antici pated difficulties in regard to them, could waken me. 