A TALE OF HORROR.' \ (From Blackwood « Edinburgh tfagaeine ) ;; 'I-WAS the member of the family selected ti -jeacort old Lady, Speldhurst to her room-'.bi roora I had vacated ia her favour. I did no much like the office. I felt a remarkable re pugnánce to my godmother, but my worths »aunts insisted so much that I should ingratiati myself with one who had io much to leave, tha JI could not but comply. The visitor hobblec bp the broad oaken stairs actively enough .propped on my arm and her ivory crutch. fTht room never, had looked more genial, and pretty with Hs brisk fire, modern furniture, and th« .gay; French paper on the walls. "A niea room my dear, and I-ought to be much obliged tc you for it, -since my maid tells mc it is yours," said her ladyship; "bul I am pretty . sure you repent your generosity to me, after all those ghost stories And tremble to think of a strange bed and «hamber, eh?'' I made some commonplace reply. The old lady arched her eyebrows, " Where have they put you, child ?" she asked.- : ** in Borne cockloft of the turrets, eh? orin s lumber-room-a regular ghost-trap ? I can hoar your heart beating with feir this moment, You are not fit to be alone." I tried to call up my pride, and laugh off the accusation agoiasl my -courage, all the more, perhaps, because tl felt its truth. "Do you want anything more th't il can get you, iLady Speldhurst?" I asked, trying to feign a yawn of sleepiness. The old dame's keen eyes were upon me. '* I rather like you, my dear," she said, " and I liked your mamma well enough before she treated one so shamefully about the ch listening dinner. Now, I koo iv you are frightened and fearful, and if an owl should but flap your window (to-night, it might drive you into fits. There is a nice little sofa-bed in this drcsatng-eloset-call your maid to arrange it for you, and you can sleep there snugly, under the old witch's protection, and then no goblin dare harm you, and nobody will bo a bit the wiser, or quiz you for, being afraid." How little I knew what hung in the balance of my refusal or acceptance of. that trivial proffer ! Had the veil of the future been lifted for,one instant ! but that veil is impenetrable to our gaze. Yet, perhaps, tlu fo&d; a glimpse of the dim vista beyond, she who made the offer.; ifor when I declined, with an affected laugh, she said in a thoughtful half abstracted, manner, "Well, well! we must' all take our »own way through li'e. .Good night, child---pleasant dreams t" And I ..softy closed the .door. As I did so, -she looked round at me rapidly, with 3 glance I have - nevor forgotten, half malicious, half fiat], as if she .had -divided the yawning gulf that was to devour.oay young hopes. It may have been mere eccen- tricity, the odd phantasy .of a crooked mind, tthe .whimsical conduct of a cynical person, triumphant, in the power .of affrighting youth and ibeauty.. Or, I have , since thought, it may have been-that this singular guest possessed some such gift as the Highland " second-sight," a gift vague, sad, and useless to the possessor, but still sufficient to convey a dim sense of coming evil and boding doom. And yet, had she really1 known what was in .store for me, H'/.at lurked behind tho veil of the future, not even that arid heart could have remained im-, passive to the cry of humanity. She would, she must have snatched me back, even from the edge of the black pit of misery. But/doubtless, she had not the power. Doubtless she had but a shadowy presentiment, at any rate, of some harm to happen, and could not see, save darkly, into the viewless void where the wisest Btumble. .-I left. her. door. As I crossed the landing a bright gleam came from another rion., whose door was left ajar; it (the light) fell like .a bar of golden,sheen across, my path. As I, approached, the door opened, and my, siBter Lu^ who had been watching for me, came out? ? She 'was; already in a white cash- mere wrapper, over which her loosened hair hung darkly: and .heavily, like¡ tangles of silk. *. Rosa;-love," she. whispered, " Minnie and I can't béar^thë idea^ of your sleeping out there, all alone,fin that solitary room-the! very room, too, nurse Sherrard used to.talk about I So, as you know Minnie has given up her'room, and come to sleep in mine, still" wo should so wish yiou to' stop' with "us,tó-night afc. any rate, and I could make up a bed on the sofa fbr tnyseV, ar yo«-and-I Slopped! ï,u.ç month with a kiss. I declined her offer, wou'.l not Iis on t> it. Ia fact my pride v up in arms, and I felt I would rather, pass t night in the church-yard itself than accept proposal dictated, I felt sure, by the .notion tl my nerves were shaken by the ghostly lora had been rakiog up, that I was a weak, sup stttious creature, unable 'to pass a night, ia strange chamber. So I would not listen to Lu j but kissed her, bade her good night, and wi on my way laughing, to show my Hg heart. Yet, as I looked back in the dc corridor, and saw the. friendly door s ajar, the yellow bar of light still crossi from wall to wall, the sweet kind face still pe ing after me from amid its clustering car's, felt a thrill of sympathy, a wish to return, yearning after human love and companions!* False shame was strongest, and conquered, waved a gay adieu. I turned ¡he corner, ai peeping over my shoulder, I saw the door clot the bar of yellow light was there no longer the aarknesa.df the passage. I thought, at tri instant, that ? heard a heavy sigh. I look sharply round. No one was there. No d< wes open, yet I fancied, and fancied with a wt derful vividness, that I did hear an actual si breathed not far off, and'plainly distinguishal 'from the groan of the sycamore branchi as the wind tossed them to and fro in the oui blackness. If ever a mortal's good angel b cause to'sigh for sorrow, not stn, mine h cause to moura that- night. But imaginati plays uß strange tricks, and my nervous syst« was not over-composed, or very fitted for 'ju ctal analysis. I had to go through the pictu gallery. I had never entered this apartment candle-light before, »and I was struck by't gloomy array of the tall portraits, gaz'n moodily from the canvas on the lnzenge^pin or painted windows, which rattled to the blt ts it swept howling by. Many of the fae looked stern, and very different from th< daylight expression. In others, a furti dickering smile seemed to mock rx ns my candle 'illumined them ; and all, the eyes, as usual with artist portraits, seemed to follow my motions with scrutiny and an interest the more marked f the apathetic immovability of the ofter, featuri I felt ill at ease under this stony ga«e, thou; conscious how absurd were my apprehension and I called up a smile and an air of mirth, mo as if acting a part, under the eyes of humi beings, than of their mere shadows on the wa I even laughed as I confronted them. No eel had my short- lived laughter bot from the hoik armour and arching roof, and I continued < my way in silence. I have spoken of tl armour. Indeed, there was a fine collection ; plate and mail, 'for my father was an en'husiast '. antiquary. In especial there were two sui of black armour, erect, and surmount* by helmets, with closed visors, whic stood- as if two mailed champions we guarding the gallery and its treasures. <I hi often seen these, of course, but never by nigt and never when my whole organisation was i overwrought and tremulous BB it then was. À I approached . the Black Knights, as we hi dubbed them, a wild notion seized on me th the'figures moved, that men were concealed i the hollow shells which had once been borne i battle and tournay. I knew tho ido* wt childish, yet I approached in irrational alaru and fancied I absolutely beheld eyes glaring o me from the eyelet-holeB in the visors, passedrthora by, and then my excited fancy to! me that the figures were following me wit stealthy strides. Í heard a clatter of «tee caused, ,1 .am - sure, by some, moi violent gust of wind sweeping' 'th gallery through the crevices of the ol windows, and with a smothered shriek I rushe to the door, opened it, darted out, and clappe it to with a bang that re-echoed through'th whole wing of the house. Then, by. a suddei «nd not uncommon revulsion of feeling, I shoo off my aimless terrors, blushed at my weakness and sought my chamber, only too glad that' had been.the on'y witness of my late tremors As.I entered my chamber, I thought I he*r something stir in the neglected lumber- room which was the only neighbouring apartment i but was determined to have no more panice ; and resolutely shut my ears to this slight an< transient noise, which had nothing unnaturu in it.; for .surely, between rats and wind, ai old manor-house on a stormy night needs n sprites to disturb it. So I entered my roon and.rang.for my maid. As I.did so, I lookoi around .rae, ' and a most unaccountabl repugnance to my temporary abodi came ' over , -me in spite of m; efforts. It was no more to be shaken off thai a chill is to be shaken off when we enter som. damp .cave. And, rely upon it, the feeling o dislike and apprehension with which we regard at first «ight, certain places and people, was no implanted .in us without some wholesome pur pose. I grant it is irrational-mere anima instinct-but is not instinct God's giff, and is il for us to .despise it ? It is by instinct thai children know.their friends from their enemie; -that they .distinguish with such unerring accuracy between those who like them anc those who only [flatter and hate them. Dogs dc the same : they will fawn on one person, the^ slink snarling from another. Show me a,mac whom children and dogs shrink from, and I will show you a false, bad man-lies on his lips, and murder at his heart. . No ; let none despise the heaven-sent gift -of innate antipathy, which makes the horse quail when the Jion crouches in the thicket-which makes the .cattle sceat ?the shambles from afar, and low in terror and disgust as their nostrils snuff the bloed-polluted air. I felt this antipathy strongly as I looked around me in my new sleeping- room, and yet I could find no reasonable pretext for my dislike. A very good room it was, after all, now that the green damask curtains were drawn, the fire burning bright and clear, candles burning on the mantelpiece, and the various familiar arti- cles of toilet arranged as usual. The bed, too, looked peaceful and inviting-a pretty little white bed, not at all the'gaunt funereal sort of couch which haunted apartments generally contain. My maid entered, and assisted me to lay aside the dress and ornaments I had worn, and arranged my hair, as usual, prattling the while, in Abigail fashion. I seldom cared to converse with servants ; but on that night a sort of dread of being left alone-a longing to keep some human being near me-possessed me, and I encouraged the girl to gossip, so that her duties took her half-an-hour longer to get through than usual. At last, however, she bad done all that could be done, and all my ques- tions were answered, and my orders for the morrow reiterated and vowed, obedience to, and the clock on the turret struck one. Then Mary, yawning a little, asked if I wanted any- thing more, and I was obliged to answer Ko, for very shame's sake; and she -went. The shutting of the door, gently as it was dosed, affected mo unpleasantly. I took * dislike to the curtains, the tape try, the dingy pictures-everything. Ï hate the room. I felt s, temptation io put on a cloal rm, half-dressed, to my sisters'chamber, an say I had changed my mindi and come ft sheler. But they must be asleep, I though and I could not be so unkind as to wake then I said my prayers with unusual ?earnestness ac a heavy heart. I extinguished the candles, at was just about to lay head on my pillow, whe tbs idea seized me that I would fasten the doo The candles were extinguished, but the fir light was amply sufficient to guide me. gained the door. There was^a lock, but it wi testy or hampered ; but utmost strength «00! not turn the key. Tho bolt was broken at worthless/ Baulked of my intenticn, I consol« myself by remembering that I had never ht need of fastenings yet, and returned to my bet I lay awake for a good while, watching the rc glow of burning coals in the grate._ I was quii now, and more composed. ' Even the light got sip of the maid, full of petty human cares au joys,"had done me good-diverted «ry though from brooding. Í was on the point of droppin asleep, when I"was twice'disturbed.' Once I an owl hooting in the ivy outside- án unaccu tomed. sound,.*but harsh and melancholy ; on« by a long and mournful howling set up by ti mast iff, chained in the yard beyond the wing occupied. ;A long-drawn; lugubrious howlic was this latter, and much such anote as the vu gar declare to herald a death rn the family. Tb was a fancy I had never shared'; but yet I cou! not help feeling that the dog's mournful moat were sad, and expressive bf terror, not at a like his fierce, honest bark of anger, but rath as if something evil and unwonted were abroa But I soon fell asleep. 'How long I slept never knew. I awoke at once, with that abruf. start which we all know well, and which carril us in a second from utter 'unconsciousness the full use of our faculties. The fire was sti burning, but was very low, and half the root or more was in deep-shadow. I knew, I fe! that some person or thing was in the room, a though nothing unusual was to be -seen by 'il feeble light. Yet it was a sense of danger th had aroused me from slumber. 'I experience' while yet asleep, the chill and shock of suddt alarm, and I knew, even in the act of throwir. off sleep like a mantle, why I awoke, and th some intruder was present. Yet, though listened intently, no sound was audible, exco] the faint murmur of 'the fire- the dropping of cinder from the bars-the loud irregular beatin( of my heart. Notwithstanding this silenoi by some intuition I knew that I had not bee deceived by a dream, and felt oertain that I wi not' alone. I waited. My heart beat OD quicker, more sudden grew itsipulsations, as hird in a cage might flutter in presence ) the hawk. And then I heard a sound, fain but quite distinct, the clank of iron; the ra tiing of a chain. I ventured to lift my hea from the pillow. (Dim and uncertain ns th light was, I saw the curtains of my bed shak< and caught a glimpse of something beyond, darker spot in the darkness. This confirm! tionof my fears -did not surprise rae so muc aa it shocked me. ? 'I strove to cry aloud, bu could not utter a word. The chain rattled agait and this time the noise was loude and clearer But though I strained m eyes, they could not penetrate th obscurity that shrouded the other en of the chamber, whence came the sullen dani ing. In a moment several distinct trains c thought, like many-coloured -strands of threai twining into one, became palpable to my mei tal vision. Was.it a robber? could it be supernatural visitant ? or was I the victim of cruel trick, such as I had heard of, and whiçl some thoughtless persons love to practice on th timid, reckless of its dangerous 'results'? Am then a new idea, with some say ¡of it, sug gested itself. .There was a fine young dog 0 the Newfoundland breed, a favourite of. my fa thor's, which was usually chained by night ii an outhouse. Neptune might have brokei loose, found his way to my room, and, finding . the door imperfectly-closed, have pushed it opei and entered. I breathed more 'freely is thu harmless interpretation of the noise forced itgel upon me. It was-it must . be- the dog, and I was distressing myself use lessly. I resolved to call him; I strove t< utter his name-Neptune, Neptune," but i secret apprehension restrained mc, and I. wa: mute. Then the chain clanked nearer ant nearer to the bed, and presently I saw a dusk} shapeless mass appear between the curtains er the opposite side to where I wis lying. How I longed to hear the whine of the pool animal that I hoped might be the cause of mj alarm. But no, I beard no sound - save th« rustling of the curtains and the clash of the iron .chain. Just then the dying flame of thc fire leaped up, and with one sweeping hurried glance I saw that tho door was shut, and, horror, it is not the dog; it is th« semblance of a human form that - now throws itself .heavily on the bed, outside the clothes, and lies there, hage' and swart, in the red gleam that treacherously dies aw >y after showing so much to affright, and sinks into dull darkness. There was now no light left, though the red.cinders yet glowed with a raddy gleam, like the eyes of wild beasts. The chain rattled no more. I tried to speak, to scream wildly for help ; my mouth wasparched, my tongue refused to obey, I could not utter a cry, and, indeed, who 'could have heard me, alone, as I was in that solitary, ch anther, with no living neighbour, and the picture-gallery be- tween me and any aid that even the loudest, most piercing shriek could summon. And the storm that howled without would have drowned nay voice, even if help had been 'at hand. To call aloud-to demand who ' was there-alas ! how useless, how perilous. If ¡ the intruder were a robber,; my outcries"-.would but goad him to fury ; but what robber would act thus? As for a trick, that seemed impossible., And : yet,. whit lay by my, side, now wholly unseen? I strove to pray, aloud, as there rushed on my memory a flood of, weird legends-the dreaded yet fascinating love of'my childhood. I had heard and read of the spirits of wicked mon forced to revisit the scenes of their,earthly crimes-of demons that lurked in certain accursed spots-of the, ghoul and vam- pire bf the East, stealing amid the graves they rifled for their ghostly banquets ; and I shud- dered as I gazed on the blank darkness where I knew it to lay. It stirred, it moaned hoarsely; and again I heard the chain clank close beside ' me, so close that it must almost have touched me. I drew myself from it, shrinking away in loathing , and terror of the evil thing-what, I knew not, but felt that something malignant was near. And yet, in the extremity,of my- fear, I . .dared not speak ; , I was strangely .cautious to be silent, even in moving-farther., off;- for I had - a wild hope that it-the phantom, the .creature, whichever it wa»-had not discovered my presence in the room. And (hen I remembered all the events j of »he night ~Lady Speldhurst iU-aroenetî titivations, her half warnings, her singular lc as we parted, my sister's persuasions, my ter in the gallery, the remark that " this was t room nurse Sherard used to talk of." A then memory, stimulated by fear, recalled i long- forgotten past, tho ill-repute of this'c used chamber, the sins it had witnessed, 1 blood spilled, the poison administered by i natural hate within its walls, and the traditi which called it haunted. The gre room-I remembered now how fear ft 'the servants avoided it-how it was m foned rarely, and' in whispers, when we w children, and bow we had regarded it as a m terioirs region, unfit for mortal habitats Was it-the dark form with the chain-a cr ture of this world, ' or a spectre ? And ag«it more dreadful still-could it be that the corp of wicked men were forced to rise, and bat in the body the places where they had wrouj their evil deeds? And was such as these i griz'y neighbour ? ' The chain ' faintly raul My hair bristled ; my eyeballs seemed start i frcm their sockets ; the damp of a great angui were on my brow. My heart laboured as il were crashed beneath some vast weight. Soo times it appeared to st ip its frenzied bea'in sometimes its pulsation? were fierce and h ried ;''my breath came short and with extra difficulty, and I shivered as if with cold ; ; I feared to stir. It moved, it m o med, its fett« clanked dismálly, the couch creaked and shot This was no phantom, then-no air-dr* spectre. But is very solidity, its palpal presence, were a thousand times more terrib I felt that I was in the very grasp of what cut not only affright, but harm ; of somethi whose contact sickened the soul with demi fear. I made a desperate resolve. I g id from the bed, I seized a warm wrapper, threw around me, and tried to grope, with extend hands, my way to the door. My heart bi high at the hope of escape.. But I had scare« taken one step before tbe moaning was newed; it changed into a threatening gr o that would have suited awol Ps throat, anc hand clutched at my sleeve. I sto motionless. The muttering growl ea to a moan again, the chain sound no more, but still the hand held gripe of my garment, and I feared to move, knew of my presence. then. My brain reel« the ' blood'boiled in my ears, and my knees 1< all strength, while my heart panted like that a deer in the wolfs jaws. I sank backhand t benumbing influence of excessive terror reduc ma to a state of stupor. When my full consciot ness turned, I was sitting on the edge of t bed, shivering with' cold, and barefooted. J. was silent, hut I felt that'my sleeve wits st clutched by my unearthly "visitant. The silen lasted a long time. Then followed a chucklii laugh, that froze my very marrow, and i gnashing of teeth as in demoniac frenzy ; ai then a wailing moan, and this was succeed by silence. Hours may have passed-nc though the tumult'of my own heart prevent my bearing the «lock strike, mu have ' passed-but they seemed ag to >me. And how were they spent Hideous visions passed before the aching ey that I dared not close, but whioh gazed ev into the dumb darkness where it lay-my dret companion through the watches ot the nigh I pictured it in every abhorrent form which t excited fancy could summon up ; now as skeleton, with hollow eye-holes and grinnii fleshless jaws ; now as a vampire, with livid fa« and bloated form, and dripping mouth wet wi blood. Would it never be light ! And ye when day should dawn, I; should be forced i see it face to face. I bad heard that spectre an fiend were compelled to fade as morn'tn brightened, but. this creature was too real, tc foul a thing of earth to vanish at cock-crow. Ni I should see it-the horror-face to face 1 An then tho cold prevailed, and my teeth chatterot and shivering* ran through me, and yet thor was the damp of agony on my bursting brov Some instinct made me snatch at a -shawl c cloak that lay on a chair within reach, and wra it round me. The moan was renewed, and <h chain just stirred. Then I Bank into àpathj like an Indian at a stake, in the intervals < torture. , Hours fled by, and I remained like statue of ice, rigid and mute. I even slept, fa I remember that I started to find the cold gm light, of an early winter's day was on my fae« and stealing around the room from between th heavy curtains of the window. Shuddering but urged by the impulse that rivets the gaz of the bird upon the snake, I turned to see th Horror of the night. Yes, it was no fe vere, dream, no hallucination of sickness no airy phantom unable to fact tho dawn. In the sickly light saw it, lying on the bed, with its grin head on the pillow. A man ? Or a corps« arisen from i!s unhallowed grave, and awaiting the demon that animated it. There it lay-i gaunt gigantic form, wasted to a skeleton, hal clad, foul with dust and clotted, gore, its hug« limbs flung upon the couch as if at random, its . -shaggy bair streaming over the pillows like c lion's inane. , Its face was towards me. Oh the wild hideousness of that face, even ic sleep I In ieatures it was - human, even through its horrid mask of mud and half-dried bloody gouts, biit the expression was brutish and savagely fierce; the white teeth were visi- ble between the parted lips, in a malignant grin ; the tangled hair and beard were mixed in leonine confusion, and there wore scars dis- figuring the brow.' Bound the creature's waist was a ring of.iron, to which was attached a heavy but broken chain--the chain I had heard clanking. With a second glance I noted that part of the chain was wrapped in,straw, to pre- vent-its'galling the wearer. ' The creature-I cannot call it a man-had tho marks of fetters on his wrists, the. bony arm that',protruded through. one tattered sleeve was scarred and bruised ;, the feet were' bare, and lacerated by pebbles and briers, and one of ? them was wounded, arid wrapped in a morsel of rag. And the lean hands, 'one of which held my sleeve, were .armed with talons like an eagle's. In an instant the'horrid truth flashed upon me -I was in the grasp of a madman. Better the phantom that scares the sight than the wild beast that rends and tears the quivering flesh-the piti- less human brute that has no heart to be softened, no reason at whose bar. to plead,-no compassion, nought of man save the form and the cunning. I gasped in terror. Ah ! the mystery of those ensanguined fingers, those , gory wolfish jaws 1 that face, all besmeared with blackening blood, is revealed I The aloin sheep, so mangled and rent-the fantastic butchery-the print pf the naked foot-all, all were explained ; and tho chain, the broken link of which was found near the slaughtered animals-it came from his broken chain-the chain he had snapped, doubt- less, in his escape from the asylum where his raging frenzy had been fettered and bound. In vain ! in vainl Ah, me! how had this grisly Samson broken manacles and prison oars { how Kir! he eluded, guarder, a.qd. k««iw»r >m<i n h> s 'ie world, nod come hither b » ttis wild Imn eil like a beast of prey, and snatchio£ his hide Qi banquet i.ke a beast ol prey too ! Yes» through the tmeta of his mean and ragged garb T could see thc marks of the seve- rities, cruel and foolish, wi'h which men in that time tried to tame the might of madness. The scourge-its marks were there ; and the scars of the hard iron fetters, and many a cicatrice and weir, that told a dismal tale of harsh us ige. But now he was loose, free to play the brute the baited, tortured brute that they had made him-now without the cage, and ready to gloat over the victim his strength'should overpower. Horror ! horror ! I was the prey-the victim -already in the tiger's clutch; and a deadly sickness came over me, and the iron entered into my sou', and I longed to scream, and was dumb! I died.a thousand deaths as that awful morning wore on. I dared not faint. But . .words , cannot ," paint what I suffered as I waited-waited till the moment when he should open his - eyei and be aware of my presence ; fori was assured he knew it not. He had entered the chamber as a lair, when wearied and gorged with his horrid orgie, and he had flung himself down tc sleep without a suspicion that he was not alone. Even bis grasping'my. sleeve was, doubt less, an act done betwixt sleeping and waking, like his unconscious moans and laughter, in some frightful dream. Hours went on ; then 1 trembled as -1 thought that soon the house would be astir, that my maid would come tc call me' as usual, and awake that ghastly sleeper. And might he not have.time to tear rn« as he tore the sheep, before any aid coule] arrive? At last what I dreaded came to pa's-s light footstep on the landing- there is a tap a the door. A pause succeeds, and then tin tapping is renewed, and this time more loudly Then the madman stretched his limbs anti uttered his moaniug cry, and his eyes slow!} opened-very slowly opened, and met mice The g>rl waited awhile ere she knocked for thi third time. I trembled lest she should oper the door unbidden-see that grim thing, and bi her idle screams and terror bring about the worst. Long before strong men could arrive 1 knew that I 'should be dead-and what a death ' The maid waited, no doubt surprised at my un usu illy . sound slumbers, for I wai in general a. light sleeper and ar early riser, but reluctant to- devian from habit by entering without ' permission I was still alone with the thing in man's simpo but he was awake now. I aaw the wondering surprise in his haggard . bloodshot eyes ; I san him stare at me halt vacantly, then with a craft) yet wondering look ; and then I saw the devil , of murder begin to peep forth from those hideous eyes, and the lips to part as in a sneer, and the wolfish teeth to bare themselves. Bul I was not what I had been. Fear gave me s new and a desperate, compoeure-a courage foreign to my nature. I had heard of the best method of managing the insane; I could bul try ; I did try. Calmly wondi ring al my own feigned calm, I fronted the glare of those terrible eyes. Steady and tin daunted was my gaze-motionless my attitude. 1 marvelled at myself, but in that agony of sicken- ing terror I was outwardly firm. They sink, they quail abashed, those dreadful eyes, before the gaze of a helpless girl ; and the shame that is never absent from insanity-bears down the pride of strength, the bloody , cravings of the wild beast; The lunatic moanecl and dropped his shaggy head between his gaunt aqua1 id hands. I lost not an instant. I rose, and with one spring reached the door, tore it open, and,'with,a shriek, rushed through, caught the wondering girl by the arm, and, crying to ber to run for ber life, rushed like the wind along the' gallery,' down the., corridor, down the stairs. Mary's screams filled\the. house ns she fled beside mo., I heard, a-lpng-drawn, raging cry, the roar of a wild animal'mocked of its prey, and I knew what was behind me. I nevr. turned, my head. I flew rather than ran. I was in the hall already ; there was a rush ol many feet, an outcry of m my voices, a sound of scuffling of feet, and brutal yells, and oaths, and heavy blows; and I. fell to the ground, cry- ing, " Save mo ?'' and lay in a swoon. I awoke from a delirious trance. Kind, faces were around my bed, loving looks were bent on mo by all; by my dear father and . dear sisters, but I scarcely saw them before I swooned again. *. * ,*.. * ~* .When' I . recovered . from that long illness, through which I had been nursed / so tenderly, the pity- ing looks I met made me tremble. < I asked for a looking- glass. It was long denied me, but my importunity prevailed at last-a mirror was brought. My youth was gone at one. fell swoop. The glass showed me a livid and haggard face, blanched and bloodless as of . ono who sees a spectre; and in the ashen lips; and wrivkled brow, and dim eyes, I could trace nothing of my old self. The hair, too, jetty and rich, before, was now ,as white, as- snow, and in one night the ravages ; of hali a century had passed .ov<x-my face. "Nor have my nerves ever recovered their tone after that, dire shock.. Can you. wonder that my, life was blighted, that my lover shrank from me, so, sad a wreck . was I? I am old now-old . and alone. My sisters would have had mo to live with them, but I chose, not to sadden their genial homes with my phantom face and. dead eyes.' Reginald married another. He has been dead many,years. ' I never, ceased .to pray for him, though he left me when I was bereft of nih The'sad-weird is nearly over,now.. I am ,old, and near the, end, and wishful for it. I have not been bitter or hard, but I cannot bear to see many people, and am best alone I try to do what good I can with tho worthless wealth Lady, Speldhurst left me, for at my wish my portion was shared between by sisters. What need had' I of inheritances?-I, the shattered wreck made by that one night of horror,! . Oa Saturday Lord Bendlesham (Frederick Willim Brook Theljasson) attained JIÍB majority. wh!ob wat gaily celebrated. On that day the curtain fell for eve'i on the spltndH Th'ellnaion case lb tl e Court of Chan- cery ;, tue ; romanee: of more than ai hundred years eal miaated. in- the oomplate,, happiness, ol, the ..hero, and conoladed with*' all. the , festival and rejoicing willoh befit (tb'e' last chapter of the'thrilling glory.-Suffolk Gazette. >'- . '»SoJtKWHix-ov l SHREW.-In a ease, Thomps"n y. Thompson," heard in tba Divorce Court, the plaintiff an ad for a' separation, and made Tarions charges against his wife, on the following groando t-She begin to stay ont late at night, and otherwise misoondaoted herself, soon after the marriage, and when fae remonstrated abo threatened him and strack at bim with a poker. On one occasion Sba- hit faim cn the arm with it. One day ' he beard ber using very bad langaaga to one of tbe chil- dren jn tba garden., He spoke to her, bat. she pet Hinted, and then he told her to go indoors, and laid bis band on her to posh ber. She throw three flower-pots full of mould at bim, one of whioh struck him on tbs bead, and another on tbe shoulder. She then want upstairs »nd threw a jug with Borne bran in it ont of tbe window at him, and also a atone bottle and the legs of a chest of drawer s, but ha got out of the way. A day or two- afterwards be asked ber to show him a letter abe wai reading, but abe refused, sod -swallowed it that be might not see it. 