SOOCHOW TO NANKING. (From the North China Herald.) ONE noticeable feature of the Taiping movement is the amount of liberty given to women. We could only get occasional glances at the fair proprietors of "golden lillies" and "autumn waves" in the cities belonging to Hien-feng, but in Taipingdom they go about as they like, attended by their small slave boys. The story was told me by a high Chinese official at Shanghai, that the rcbels on their march to conquer a new district have a vanguard of fair Amazons, who strike all beholders at once with fear and love, and do more execution by the artillery of their eyes than the swords and spears of the army following them. A parallel will of course suggest itself in the use made of elephants of one sex to entrap their free brothers of the jungle. The manda- rin's tale is erroneous, but that Taiping ladies do ride about, even in dangerous places, I had proof of at Tan-yang. There, trotting along the walls, seated in the saddle exactly like men, with their heels, not their toes, stuck into the great Tartar stirrurps, came two or three women painted and decorated according to the latest fashions from Nanking. One of them had ap- parently a temper of her own, and so had her Rosinanate, for it was only by hard knocks, ad- ministered with no sparing hand that she could make her way past us. In Nanking itself they ride about in dozens, doing, I suppose, the amiable among their friends. An immense owl was sitting on a high gable in the middle of Tan-yang, like the guardian spirit of' all the ruin and desolation therein contained. It is consoling to think that even something thrives and is happy in this Heavenly empire ! We left the Grand Canal at Tan-yang, and had our boats tracked up a muddy creek to a little place called Pao-ying. Here we were favoured once more with a visit from our unpleasant friend the Chung-wang's cousin, who crawled over our boats, and poked his dirty fingers into everything, like a monkey. He nibbled every edible he could get at, and asked us to make him a present of everything that struck his fancy. We got rid of him at the expense of a cock-pheasant and some trifles, but he was hovering about the boat until dark. It is at this place that travellers going to the Celestial city leave their boats, and trusting their pre- cious bones to such machines as are here called chairs, have to perform an overland journey of three days' duration. Of course we went to pay our respects to the chief, as from him alone could we got the necessary assist- ance. We found his Excellency in an excessively dirty den, surrounded by a rabble of as disreputable blackguards as can be found in China. These fragrant crowds rendered our stay anything but pleasant ; and when my ex- pectations were about to. be gratified by some tea which had been brought in, my every sense rebelled against the nauseous mixture presented to me in a filthy cup, with the dirty thumb of a dirtier boy stuck well down the middle of it. The chief was a most amusing spectacle. He seemed to me to be very drunk, and certainly was most hideously dirty. His deaf- ness compelled him to refer constantly to the crowd around, who yelled into his ears, and at last made him understand what the brethren wanted. Evidently, origin- ally a coolie of the lowest class, and a not un- successful murderer, the old man was gratified at being called "your Excellency " by well- dressed foreigners. He showed his authority by ordering 24 coolies and five affairs called "Tai-tsze," a substitute for a sedan of a curious description, to be ready for us in the morning. To make a tai-tsze you should go to a house recently des- troyed by fire, and having selected two strong beams burnt to a convenient size, tie a smaller piece across them, and let fall a loop of straw rope ; then go and seize the two first agricultural labourers you meet, and compel them to carry you and your conveyance for twenty miles. That is the way the Taipings manage it. Really simplicity is everywhere admirable. The amount of honesty among the Heavenly soldiers is not very large, and they look on anything that falls in their way in a "promiscuous" manner as the special gift of heaven. Nobody would guarantee the safety of our boats, which were to return to Tan-yang and await our pleasure. The Chief, however, wrote a letter to his equal at Tan- yang, with greeting and love, requesting him to keep his eyes upon the vesselts of the foreign brethren, "lost in the constant going to and fro of the brethren (Taipings) inconvenient cir- cumstances might arise." We started from Pao-ying on a beautiful morning. A fat indolent Chinese writer, who accompanied us, was evidently determined to ride every inch of the way, and mounted his Tai-tsze in great style ; but, alas ! for pride and ambition, the affair gave way, and he was left sprawling in the mud, with derisive roars of laughter ringing in his ears. Everything, however, was soon put to rights, and Pao-ying left far in the dis- tance. The country of Nanking is in a wretched condition. Ruined villages and burned houses mark the fury of last year's war. A small crowd of old women are generally to be met with at the entrance of each village, trying to eke out a living by the sale of tea and congee to the passers-by. All the able-bodied men are gone—some were killed, but more en- listed in the Taiping army, from whose ranks death alone would relieve them. They will, never return to the home of their fathers, and their possessions are in the hands of new masters. All the old women we saw were left in contempt by the Taipings to till the fields ; all had lost some relations, and two of them sat down on a bank and cried sadly, one for the loss of her husband and two sons; the other for her husband and father. "They killed my husband," said an old woman, " be- cause he was not strong enough to do their coolie work." " They carried off my daughter because she was pretty,'' said another to me be- yond the Great River. It is all one story— girls carried off, useful men compelled to go to the camps, old ones who, perhaps, might excite commiseration ruthlessly murdered— one great story of violence and wrong carried with a mighty hand throughout the land, car- ried on in the name of the Christian faith by men as merciless as the stones they tread on. When and where it will stop Providence alone can tell ; the land is threatened with depopula- tion ; trade, industry, and manufacturers are at end, whatever Tien-wong's commands ex- tend. The Tien-hai-kuan said to me, by way of a joke, that when all were slain, then truly the reign of " Great Peace" would have arrived. A ghostly joke truly ; but I hope before such a state is brought about, 13-inch shells will be exploding in the palace of the blas- phemous imposter ruling at Nanking. It is a desolate, dreary journey to Nanking from the Valley of the Canal. Range after range of low hills extend away as far as the eyes can reach, covered with coarse herbage and jungle, with no cultivation to relieve the eternal monot- ony. The cry of the curlew or the hoarse crow of the cock-pheasant make the place more dis- mal, for no other sounds are heard, and lofty hills shut out any glimpse of the Great River, which might serve to enliven tho scene. A couple of foxes were sporting in the deserted paddy-flelds, and defied all my manouvres to put an end to their existence by that agency which would send a Leicester squire into fits, i.e., the double barrel. More life and some cultivation is observed as you near the Southern capital, but it only makes one sad to think that that is all remaining of the pro- digious industry employed in former years, when the very hills were terraced to make fields, and fine masonry secured the flow of the streams to irrigate the rice plains. The stones of the weirs and the fine causeways still remain, but the water wanders through gaps and holes, and loses all its utility in the thirsty plain, where rice and grain are no longer grown. A long dark mound is seen in the distance, running an immense distance from the Yang- tsze Mountains to the southwest. Mounds of smaller height can also be traced running parallel to the other, but winding their way up the highest hill, on the top of which is a square enclosed space with white-washed walls. The stillness is so great, the signs of human exist- ence so few, that you scarcely believe it when told that the one mound, for such it looks, is the Great Wall of Nanking, and the other the wall of circumvallation, built by Ho-chen and Chang-kwo-liang in besieging the city. Soon you find the path winding through a net of earth-works of no insignificant strength, canals, rivers, and ditches. A mole in your front is the boldest attempt of the Imperial general to get his guns within range of the city walls, and is built with no small cunning and skill. A bridge of several arches leads into this castle. It is of good size, square in shape, and mounts several guns. It is now an out- work of Tien-wong. After carefully examining passes here, you are allowed to proceed by a side door to thread your way among the water- ways towards the city wall, which now rises be- fore you, extraordinary in height and state of repair. Troops of beggars line the ways, from whom it is difficult to escape. That their dis- tress is real can be seen at a glance, and since my residence at the Heavenly capital I have had no few opportunities of seeing how little charity exists among the community of brethren. Human suffering meets with no sympathy among them ; as soon as starvation has done its work and the victim is dead, the only trou- ble the living give themselves is to roll the car- cass into the nearest ditch or river. This is no romance, for I have seen it. An edict of Tien-wong drove all mendicants from the city, and when some of the horrors consequent on tho order were reported to his Holy Majesty by a foreign missionary, his sacred reply was, " Well, if they die, they go to heaven; is not that better than living here?" Passing by a wall and strong stockade, you enter into a space formerly covered by the southern suburb, and in which rose the Porce- lain Tower. How well we remember " in the days when childhood fleeted by," reading in Pinnock's or somebody else's Questions of this splendid work; nay, every map or tract or chapter concerning China was prefaced by an illustration of the Pagoda, one of the wonders of the world. Now it is a white hill of ruins. Two immense walls divided by a narrow aper- ture are the only portions of the tower not standing. I hope no one over believed that the edifice was built of porcelain, because brick and tile entered very largely into its composition, and merely the tiles on the slanting roofs were of the much-coveted material. Every ship that has touched at Nanking has made a looting excursion to the white heap, and boat-loads of porcelain bricks have been carried away in tri- umph. Now, unless by bribery among the little Maos who surround any foreign visitors, not a brick can be got. Howover, tradition asserts that at the bottom of the whole mass lies a stratum of rose-coloured bricks valuable in the extreme ; perhaps I shall be at Nanking when this mine of wealth is disclosed, and then compensate myself for my present brickless condition. The portion of the suburbs in which this porcelain tower was situated was under the command of the Eastern King. Tien-wong having occasion to doubt the fidelity of this gentleman, deputed the northern king to cut off his head and quietly slaughter his followers. This was done to the number of 10,000. But now Tien-wong, to satisfy the minds of men, accused the Northern King of the wilful murder of Tung-wong, (who was elected Saviour of the World, and afterwards the Holy Ghost), and slew him and his followers. After this Agag- like work, Tien-wong was told that Tung-wong boasted that from his porcelain tower he could command the city. Powder was ordered into the tower and the whole build- ing blown up. A gigantic iron basin is lying on the ruins, now perfect as ever, and beautifully wrought. What a splendid public drinking-foun- tain it would make, even at Shanghai. Tho South Gate is pierced in a straight line through the enormous walk. A large crowd is always assembled here, for no trade is allowed in the city. Women's clothes, ornaments of all sorts, pistols, caps, and small tins of powder, marked Curtis and Harvey, but made at Ningpo, are exposed for sale. The loot of Soochow might some time ago have been bought here for a song. Vendors of fish, women on horse- back, soldiers, flags, and chowchow apparatus were crowded together in this motley scene. A man is lying with the cangue round his neck, on which is stated that he did not obey the celestial commands, and the head of another is hanging up in a basket. You pass under the walls through a long dark tun- nel, then through three more gates and three more small tunnels, where brass guns are placed, and Nanking, the Heavenly Capital stands revealed to mortal eyes. But let us pause ere we describe it. On the gate is a proclamation from the Heavenly King, on which is written—"The Heavenly Father, Christ, Myself, and my Son, are Lords for ever. The Heavenly Kingdom is established everywhere, and the effulgence of the Father, Brother, Myself, and the Young Lord is spread upon the earth for a myriad, myriad autumns." Let us pause before attempting to describe the heavenly effulgence, lest the description might dazzle mankind. 