? ? [FBOM.TO& OBOST OF BAH'BAK.] ] | Gayndah, 20th April — The patrons of jockeydom had a ) convivial gathering here tbe other night,, and assisted by 'our Boswell' (who, by the way, is a candidate 'fur ' die lucrative office of penny-a-liner extraordinary to the forth coming journal, fn. addition to a proffered engagement As | Haly's amanuensis), worked up the skeleton of a programme, j which, with an account of a. sudden death and other items, you ought to receive from 'your own' by this post ; there Ifore I won't trespass on bis duties, but furnish you with some, thing which he cannot. | Tbe near .approach of the 30th April, you can imagine, is ; calculated to have some influence over my thoughts and anxieties. So great an event as opening our Parliament on locking the fl.iod-gates of our member's pent-up eloquence, must keep one on tbe qui eiee to detect the resoluttons they are framing, and the efforts they a^B to make to throw a blind o'er the mis-spent past and au air of sincerity into their similar-future. In 'conformity with the powers inherent to my nature, I have been dwelliug for a few days ia Dreamland ; and during j that clairvoyant state have made one or two investigation* | into the plans which are now hatching' in the hon. gentle men's breasts (I wish I could writ%bralnt.) ' Lavater,' the : great phrenologist, would be sorely puzzled with thelr cran iums were he amongst, as again and as capable offormiug si I opinion of th£ir uncommon emptiness as any of their consti . tuents from experience are, while his worthy disciple and true . believer ' Coombe ' would have left a legacy to any anatomi 1 cal museum that would have undertaken to have secured and [kept dissimilar their sknlik, for the benefit of the science he joved, and tbe promotion of his theory for tbe improvement in | the breed of thinking man.. Havlng made ratlier a long ih ' vestigatlon into O'Grady 's bosom thoughts,' I find-that «o socn as tbe Governor has delivered himself of a speech, which he and Mr. Blakeney are supposed to be now working day and night at, Mr, Haly intends to catch the eye of the speaker and aunnounce 'that he rises to a question of privilege.' Members, of course, will wonder what's the matter. Those who bave not been , told ' off 'to move and second, the ad. dress will be dou^, like a boy who is interrupted at the moment he Is bursting to say bis lesftn ; but none will be sufficiently to parliamentary custom and precedent, to decide whether the Colonial Treasurer's colleague is, or is not, in anything Uke order. Mr. Haly, in the most agreeable accents — and in a style which a long residence beneath a Taabanga sky has made his own— will then go on to say, 'that he would not take up the time of the House at that moment, had he not been the victiift of taisplacetk' confidence. He would appeal to hon. gentlemen to say whether, during tbe last Session, he had not over and over again voted against his conscience f whether he' had not voted upon matters he never could understand, and advocated principles he did not believe in,' In order to keep his promises made at a ietortaln house, and to appear in accord with Ms distrustable colleague!' In return for all, hon. gentiomen would imagine that some recollection ot his services ought to be maintained by th« ministry, and some credit given him for his probable cohdnct at a future time. iSThe question of privilege he would no# mention, and leave ton. .gentlemen, who were similarly placed to himself; to draw their own conclusions from the circumstance. [We must defer Mr. Haly's explanation till next week. ?»&-.] 