mm® imp Hia mths. : not tpobadf; eyfiihey heaping on ibe head of Mr. Byrae, the p^ent «upgrlfltendent an4 in a few days the lessee of the city batlisj ^lac^^Iay said, many years ago, that the British public pSibdif^yj^^T^ ft^flf morality, when they Meet a victim, offer him up, and then enter upon a fresli course of licentiousness, There was the vietim Byron, next came the martyr Edmund Kean i the Railway ©ng jg the latest sacrifice that lingers in my memory, Much to theregrefc of every right minded person, we hare imported with all its mwjwpms that (one of the) last infirmities of noble minds whicli afflict the flfltivea of the United Kingdom. Let us bring ourselves &ce; to face with the facts as they affect Byrne, and transfix them with a stern gaze. On the first,pf the present mouth Byrne was had up before Ws worship forcing insulting and abusive language to a lady and gentleman j a aay$ Jater a second case of the like kiqd was adjudieated*upan. On both occasions the defendant wag fined. Then, #till later, Mrs. .Tude, wife of a respectable tradesman, applied &r; a bath and was revised, cw& Byrne, remonstrated with by the excited husband, averred thatthe lady bad balfadozen times made a similar application when Jo estate that utterly unfitted her for takingthe head in aprocesBionofJhe Band of Hope, Now if to reference to the fatal lore of Antony for Cleopatra, the poet eould justly plead, "be the soft triumvir's fault forgivw," why may not allowance w claimed jfbr the layer of low }an- Jawgiiage? "I'll thiuk your mother chides, and leave you eo," the insulted lady and gentleman, and the Depend eomplain&nt;,ouffht to bave«ai<L insfceadof haying the blasphemer to a polioe pouri and getting fiim mulcted. As for Mrs. Jude, could Byrpo for & moment any w w in her sober senses would apply to him for ft jba& aft^Milng iread Obese two cases? Sir, I J^ye no hesitation in saying I feel for Byrne, and if Tom Hood had written those " Cursory remark* on swearing, by a descendant of King Otlio," which he promised us, I doubt not an instance akin to that of Byrne would have been produced and palliated. But the City Council, composed of men whose vernacular is, perhaps, only too unimpeachable, suspended him by a small majority; by a like majority (influenced by a delicate humanity) rescinding their suspension a day or two afterwards. And now let us grapple witli the special charge against this vilified victim. It is alleged—I frankly acknowledge it to be a fact—that during his brief suspension Byrne put in a tender for the lesseeship of the baths, having previously ftn'JUshed such a disparaging account of their incomings to Mr. Charles Knight, and other intending lessees, as caused those gentlemen to send in Very attenuated tenders, he the wliile forwarding one that the City Council eagerly snapped at. Well what of this? let me ask. The Council and Byrne knew equally well that the latter had brought the baths to such a state of decadence that, unless some energetic steps were taken, they must forthwith be like Trajan's bath, or the baths at Pompeii, object? &r; the eyes of moralists of the tempus edax rerum stamp, things to evoke a sort of fuit Ilium sigh. Byrne's tender Fas the highest, and it was accepted ; Mr. Charles Knight and the other tenderers were out-manoeuvred. " It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer," writes Solomon, but when the buyer has become the purchaser then he vaunteth and glorieth. As to Byrne's conduct in the aflair, what is to be said but this, that even as Gertrude, Queen of Denmark, casually remarked of Hamlet, " our son is fat," so it may be observed of Byrne that, if not remarkable for prodigality, he has a great deaVof cheek at all events. Byrne will make a good thing of these baths after all. " If vice by custom grows not into nature," he wiU^succeed in quelling that whimsical propensity of Ins to call down blights upon people' 8 l i m b s a n d visual organs, his own as often tliose of aayfody else. Were a ghost to come from the grave, and bid biu» in the language of the father of Hamlet (just alluded to) " swear," he would, in the politest manner imaginable tell him to go at once to the phwe from whence he came ; for when with my fingers on bis ppjse, I, his good natured friend, read him those articles in the Age and Jtli<3 Argus, only a few incoherent expletives proceeded from him. 