SAM JOHNSON'S GH03T. To the Editor of The. Herald. Sir, — Dogberry affirms that " to read and. write comes by nature." As we havo no authority for saying that spoiling does,1 1 sup pose it must bo ignored — a3 any one can bo convinced by tnking a walk in the Exhibition. I learn that certain " exhibits" are to'be for warded to tho great Exhibition of 1862, with tlioir accompanying descriptions, I presume, which I am horrified to discover have been written without tho slightest reference to my once portly self or brother lexicographers. If wo are anxious to show the poople of England what wo can do, it's not policy to show them what we can't do. What's Yatch — and ooho answers what I ! I remain, in analmo9t distracted stnte. THE GH06T OF DR. SAMUEL JOHNSON. 4th December, 186 L. Colonial Chbbsb. — The exceedingly low price which has long ruled for butter, lias caused many of our dairy farmers to turn their attention to tho manufacture of cheese, and wo are happy to be enabled to say with good suc cess. Wo have been shown samples of cheese from dairies of Colae, Winchclsca, and the Barrabool Hills, of most excollont . quality! That. whioh we have seen only requiring ape to render it nearly equal to the productions of BOmo of our most famous homo counties. This cheese letches in the market from ninepcnce to one shilling per pound, according to quality nnd soundness.. A good practical dairy farmer informs us that when butter is . at cightpence (the present price for -the finest quality) cheese at the same price will yieldV profit of cnite seventy per cent, over it, independent of wi.ieli it can bo kopt almost any length of time for a rising market. With butter tliia is r.or the ease, as oven whon well potted it turns eff in this climate after a few weeks, unless preserved in a very cool stone-built underground dairy, . wbnrrt A i.1ininti<r1i ftit>rAnh nf nit onn T>a paiu stuntly maintained. — Geclong Chronicle, 4th. December. A Gajib Cook. — A remarkable incident happened a fow days ago at tho Groat Western, which should sorve us a caution to mothers and nurses. A woman living tiiorc, gave her child, which is rather more' than two years old, a slice of bread and bnttor, and allowed it to Btart iff toddling round about the tent. Shortly after sho heard tho obild screaming lustily, and on reaching the spot where it was, slid Touud it in a terrible state. A large game cook attracted by tiie bread and butter, had inado an nltaok upon it with terrific violence, it had knooked (lie child down, had inflicted a wound an inch nnd a half long on tho top of tile head, and literally covered its face and head with wounds mnde by its beak and spurs. The mother drovo the savage bird nway; and picked up tlio child, whoso iaee and head worn bleeding copiously, and who from fright and loss of blood was almost reducod to a state of insensibility. It was at first apprehended that tho child was dangerously hurt, but wc are luppy to say it ia progressing favourably. Wo need hardly say that tlio valiuut caino cook baa crowed his lust. — Ararat Advertiser, 3rd De cember. Cues wick Miners and the New Zea land . Goldfiblds — Some parties a Cref vick have received remittances from NewZea'wd so as to enable tliom to go over, whilst others from tho same quarter received letters teiiing them to stay where' tlioy are. — Cres icicl- Ad vertiser, 3rd Doe. Hydatids — In the Hospital Museum thorn aro (we believe) two of the most interesting casos of hydatids on record. One, about tlio size of a large goose egg, was taken fro n tho brain of a patient agod 34 years, where it wns partly embedded in the upper , and central part of tlio rniddlo lobe of tho left hemisphere, pressing downwards nnd awards on the corpus cullosum. Tho patient ' was admitted to tho hospital, - suffering from hemiplegia of tiie right side. Tho oyst enlarging, ho became completely parulyeod and died. It is qaito ' wholo, and floating in spirits. _Tlio other " hydatid when whole had boen about the size of a lion's ogg, and was oxtraoted from tiie' ex ternal urinary montus by tlio Coroner (to whom the curator of tho museum is indebted for lliia valuable specimen). Tlio patient frightened 'nt. its appearance, went to his surgery and hid it removed. Wo believe it to havo generated in the kidneys, and nftor bursting, to have passed along the ureter into tho bladdor, and from the bladder in the way before mentioned. This is tbo first on record coming from that orgin.— Castlemaine Advertiser, 3rd Dec. Tits Weather at Castlbmainb. — Yester day and Monday tlio tcuaporaturo was more suitable to July tlinu to December. Cold winds and storms camo up from tlio souih- wost, necessitating the resumption of winter clothing. Tho " oldest inhabitant" says it is (lie coldest summer ho over know.— M. A. Mail, 4th Dec. Sporting.— We hear that a trotting match for L100 a side lias been made bj— tweon Mr. Moran's Flora and Mr. Orowos' Pommy. The raco will come off this day week, Hie ground being from Gunn's Gli9go.v Arms, Kangaroo Flat, to tho Royal hotel, Higli streot., — Bendigo Advertiser, 4th Deo. Ptke'e Act. — Tho M'lTor Caledonian Quartz Mining Company have resolved on re- enrolling under Pyko's -let, under which limited liability can lie secured. Wo b.-iiovo that soveral of tiio Bailaarat couipanioa have, taken advantage of tho Act, .which appears to bo woll calculated for its intended purpose. — hi. A, Mail, 4th Doc. : In a fa'hiouablo novel the author say«, Lady Emma trembled, grew pale, and "immediately", fainted. Tlio . printer, putting p iiuteaU of i', . rendered it— Tlio lady grew pal', . and inline- : diatoly painted; Thero is aplantin Iholslandof Sumat-i, the, circumference of ivhoss fully oxp inilml fl rn-or is nine feet, its uectarium iscalculited to hold nino pints, tile pistils aro as large ns a co v'a horn, nnd tlio whole woight of the blosso :t is computed to be fifteen pounds. 