THE SHAM FIQHT AT MAITLAND.. . i A correspondent writes ss follows to tba Mercury, in rrferenoe to tbe Ute rolantes shara fight at Maitland, , on which occasion the zeal of soma of the combátante ¡ led them almost to bolieva that they were engsged in à j real fight. We may state that dna preoaalions were taken , to prevent any each collisions at tba assault on the , Domain Battery on Monday night: " Fortunate, and at the same time wonderful, is it that , tba casualties wera snob that we can afford to laugh at them ; it might bare been far otherwise. " Who ever beard of snob a thant fight ? Who waa tba genios who planned it ? Imagine one company of ] our volunteers with arms in their bands, and well sup- , plied with ammunition, placet within the stookáde or , pal," to defend it from all assailants. Then fancy the other oompany. rqually well armed 'and provided, , ordered to attsok the place from without, and cairyit, ' " No worder that, under snob circumstance, fierce personal conflicts took place. How could it bj expeated to be otberwi-e ? I ' 7 If tbi«j be modern shan fighting, it seems to me to re» quire no more skill to conduct it than is neoessary to set one bnlj-dog against another. "In the assault on tba stoeksde tbe other night, some gallant fellows covered themselves with "glory."and some with-mud. Snob is tba fortuno of war. Bnt it is not owing to the foresight or prudence of tbe ohiefs that many were not disabled oe wounded, or perhaps worse, i ..,<.. , " There was no limit, no restraint-avery man did aa ha liked ; and what auch a state of things maj lead to, ' he " who slipp'd the dogs of war " could not himself tell. Now, suppose the strategist who so admirably planned tba vtry. intricate ? evolutions of the late hard fought * fidld, and I oall it so deliberately, should on the next occasion give us movements of a very different nature-say, for ''.instance,' a' obargs in line, oas oompany. etending with, fixed bayoneta ready to ' receive the other . oompany advancing with levelled bayonets to give the ebarge. Here is . position to place comrades in, if under no more eontrol than in the ' pah' attaok. Pray what would be the probable result ? I will Hot attempt to pourtrny it. Every mao of sense can jadge for himself. loan only say that, in my mind's eye, I see bow neoessary it is that the whole medical staff be en the ground, with the ambulances. , > " There are some other minor matters I would speak of here, but I fear I shall not have time. I am anxious to point out what I believe is useful and required. ' T shall speak of these other things hereifter if neoessary. "Now, I bear some volunteer cry ont, . We ean have no sham fight at all ; we oannot take a stockade or dofend one ; we oannot obarge an enemy in line, and drive him before us.' "I say you can do all this, and more too, if you-will go the right way to work. " Can any of you point out, amangst the hun- dreds of- sham fights at borne recently des- cribed aiid delineated, a single instance .ot 'a fierce personal conflict?' I think not,. Can. you refer to any list of casualties after any such'fight f, I think not. And bow is this? It ia beoanao the rêverai movements of every abara fight are arranged nod plan- ned beforehand, so that etery officer high and low, knows exaotly what to do, and when to do it." " For inatanoe, if a batte>y is to be taken, say on tba first assault, tbe enemy rush up within a few psoas, halt, and deliver fire, whian may bo returned or not, as Sr», arrancad : hal tba officer commanding tbe battery, aving bia order», evacuates tbe post, and the enemy march in. The two parties oannot be tn tbe battery at' the esme time." "Even if, in place pf a strong-breastwork of wood, a plough furrow only marked the supposed battery bill, no entry by force should be attempted, and in this way no 'fierce personal conflict* oan take place." " So in a oh arge, if tba halted line is to retire, by pre- vious arrangement, the charing line rushes up within a few paoee, ' receives the fire of the other line, which retires direotly, without oooo crossing a bayonet,' or being near enongh to do so. Remember, I am speaking of sham fighting, "The science of war, witb all ifs variety, ean be displayed in a sham fight ; bot it ia nooessary, wben comrades meet for tbe purpose, that they must be formed into two par- ties-one of wbiab, it is only fair to settle, ia to be victo- rians one day, and one another. , "It is of course annoying to b,e . beaten,'but be it re- membered that the volunteers are working to the one great end-one and all-to prepare themselves by prac- tice to meet when required, and, as a matter of course, to beat the enemies of their Q-ieen and country j and with that object this small annoyanoa moat be borne.- ? , " To reconcile our volunteers to having occasionally to represent the vanquished, I can say that in a'I naval sham fights the Boyal Marines-one of the finest corps under the Crown-always represent the enemy, and, aa à sequence, the henton. t; ' '. " One remark I would make on what is called joking in the field, or on parada, or in a sham fight. Surely it is' no joke to fire a blank csrtridge in a comrade'a faoo al- elóse quarters, although for the nonce be may be an1 enemy I ' Thia joke may coat him ? bis eyesight ; and at the best can only lead to angry feeling, which will seek revenge, in bind, probably, some day or other.- - Even in actual warfare a brave man will not unnecessarily and wantonly irritate an enemy. " I will add one word mere only, for tbe present, and I regret to have todo that. I wish to impress on the volunteer that he bas not ceased to be a oilizen. He is still bound to o*bey the laws of tho land, and he should bo one of the Ia*t to violate or trample on them ; on the contrary, bo should by bia bearing as a soldier, and bia example as a man, show that he is worthy of the confidence bis oonntry places in him, by permitting 'bim to'be one of ber defenders." DEATIT BY Pito'wNisp.-Yesterday (toys Tuesday's Maitland Mercury) an inquest was held by Mr. Thomson, at Ur. Henry Brown's inn, Bishop's Bridge, on the body of his daughter, Ann Brown, six yeara old. . It appeared-' that on Sunday afternoon, the little girl was .playing about with otb jr children, whon eba'fell into the creek, not far from tb s ino. ; .An alarm, waa. raised,_ and Mr. Brown plunged in where he saw some air babita (the poor girl having .disappeared before bo .could reach tbs spot), but finding tbe water .beyond bis depth be tried, to 'find tbe body by tba, aid of a long pole. V, The neighbours joined in the endeavour, snd after about half an- boar, M-. Jeremiah Mahony Bucceedéd in raising the >ody by help of the pole. Ll'e was then quite extinct, but for an hour every exertion, was made to restore animation by rubbing. Sc*.,' and a doctor was sent for. but in vain. The jury returned a verdiot of accidental drown ¡n j. WnmsTBB, NEnio EiooiNas.-The Mercury's corres- pondent writes:-A party of foreigners have been.work- ing in the old digging-), tho last two br three weeks, and succeeded 'in finding a good patch, of ground. They obtained yesterday 's to 0 dwts. tb the tub-. So that even . tho old ground ia not entirely worked ont yet. Tbero ia payable ground that oan be worked there for the next ten years, if parties only went to work in a proper manner and in good earnest..The Chinese are a very industrious lot with the pick.and shovel, and many of them are getting well raid fer their trouble. As Mr. tusker, of Long Creek, wes proceeding through the diggings, a horse that be was riding threw bim to the, ground, by wbicb he broke one of his leg». Medical aid waa called io at once, and the patient ia progressing favourably. -- ? ? : : 7 . ' THE SinTHTTEL» Dioomoa -The Tenterfield Chronicle says:-This ia the new title for the rash towards Hamilton's Gap. Our last advices from these diggings are of a most favourable character.' There' are upwards of 200 miners at work, and all doing weill Claims are 'being jumped daily in consequence of the increase et the population. Sixty minera arrived in one day last wet k, and immediately set in to work, and reports stats that hundreds are on their way to tbeae diggings from tbe Southern districts. A township, bas been formed, snd tiro public-homes erected. ' Everyone seems mott isa» guim» aa «a tb« ntriaitta eueoes« of thsee gald-naldi Payable gold bas bean proapeotad along tba main tang to Gltao'gin, a distance ol 4U miles. The shortei rjote from this district to the oe» »n-»b is through tb tableland, and from thence by anew road a horaema ean make the journey in three boars. The distane from Grafton and tba Elbow is somewhat tte samt but we believe the new line from Grafton is shorter b a mile or two; it bronehe« off between Qreenatreet' .o-ommodation house and Yalca' Flat, and crosseslh Clarence at the Broadwater above Yugilbar, at whio! p'aoe Mr. Ogilvie baa kindly placed a boat at the dis ponai cf the diggers. INTERNAI. COMMUNICATION.-The ITrsfern Pjst report a meeting held at Madge» last Saturday evening, E Marlay, Esq., J.P.. in the cbair.for the purpose of eon aidering a projeot for the formation of s tramway iron Mudgee to Muswellbrook. Toe following resolutioi was passed :-" Tbat in tba opinion of this meeting th' present state of the road from Sydney ie a serions draw beck lo the prosperity of this important district, and tba the present expenditure of the puhlia money is ineffl caaions; they therefore recommend th-t a petition bi fer warded to tbe Government requesting that a tr&mroai; or railway be laid down from this township to tho eur veyed line of railway at Muswellbrook on the Hanter.' A petition to the Governor was adopted in socordsoo with thit opinion, ant signed by the mayor on behalf a the meeting. It waa also proposed by Mr. Hugbaon and seoonded by Mr. Cox, and earrie'' : -" That Mi Marlay ba appointed secretary, and that be be requestoi to communicate with the inhabitants of Cassilis, Mas wellbrook, Maitland, Morpeth, Newcastle, and otho places on. the line, soliciting their co-operation in Uti movement." IRONBARK QUARTZ REEF-The Tamworth Examine saya:-During tbe past week a e.insider^ble oarabe have passed through Tamworth for Ironbark; ,sorai have come from the Ovens (Victoria) and several partie from Lambing Fiat, who report that nothing ia nos doing on tba latter field for want of weter. Therein whioh fell th're lately had done a great deal of barm it carrying away the washing stuff and doing other damage Mr. M'Murrioh met three parlies on their way fron Lambing Flat to Ironbark when returning to Tamworth A report is carrent that there are five hundred Chines« ot route for the same place from the westorn sida o; the country, and . considerable excitement existí amongst the piople of Tamworth in referecoe to thc matter. By all it is confidently believed that a very rich reef has been discovered--and by others that it will prove the'richest that has yet bern opened In the colony. There aannot be the slightest doubt of the first assertion, and even in the latter lhere are strong grounds for holding suoh an opinion. In the best days of the Adelong, we cannot recollect having read of a suc- cession'of yields like tba) of Ironbark, where as muofa as 12, 16, and 20 ounces of gold have been obtained from SO or 00 pounds weight of quartz. It moat not be inferred for a moment that we wlsb to affirm tbat thc majority of the quartz obtained ie generally so rich, bal it plsoes beyond a doubt the auriferous oharaoter of thc reef, even admitting that, the stone was ..pickei.' The erushing machine will be at work on Tuesday ot Wednesday next at the latest ; the remaining portion ol the maobinery hiving passed through town ia the early portion of tba wcok ; bat in order that, it shall arrive with the least poieible delay, one of the proprietors (Mr M'Murrioh) bas made arrangements for its oouv*yano< by spring cart to tho reef.-Since last writing mini nf mattera are progressing steadily here. A. large quantity of quartz bas been raised and added to that at that ti int ataoked and awaiting the commencement of maobine aruahing. Messrs. Yerk and Co/a machine is not yel completed, some of the msohinery being still upon the road; they, bowevnr, state, that in the oonrse of a fortnight they will be ready ta teoeive atone foi crushing. Shepherd's party have again obtained 10 oz*. 18 dwts. out of about 00 lb», of quartz. In tho pasl week Kelly and Wood's party (tho prospecting claims] have been getting some very rich qnsriz, the gold run- ning quite through the atone. Hobie's party have else obtained some very good stone, containing some very showy specimens. A new vein of quartz has been opened below that part of the old wordings at thc Southern enr>, where the quartz breaks into so many veins ; it is generally thought that thia vein will prove tc be the main reef-and the npper veins only leadets. It appears to run nearly north and sontb, and seems to be a continuation of what is called " Shepherds' leader." Shoold this prove to be tbe case, the reef will no donbl be traced southward to a considerable diatanoe. We bave a population af about ISO, and parties are arri- ving daily. As there is no doubt of payable work and a stationary population for some year», it is time that the Government shonld give the residents here some postal accommodation ; at präsent we have to go to Barraba, 10 miles hence, to post, end letters and papera have to be entrusted to private hands frequently. A Btir is being mads by the miners in the matter, and I have no doubt that a poat-olBo will soon be established. Licenses have been granted to two poblie.honses, one of whieh is already opened, and tbe otberis to be opened on tba 1st July next ; two atora« are opened, and a third built »O.H, try- naaning. This, to aether with lbs aub. atantial dwellings that are built and buildings by tbe miners, speaka the high opinion aotertaiuetl of the per- manency of these diggings. Ironbark, May 10th. RACEHORSES BOKO IN TOE BRAID woe D DISTRICT. The fame of Mr. K. De Mestre's horses is now well known through all the colonies, and doubtless many imagine tbat they were bred at Shoalhaven, aB well as .rained there. Snob, however, is not the oase. To the Braidwood distriot must the palm be awarded of having bred some of the beat raoeborBea in the colony. Archer, MossBose, Exeter, Sunbeam, Ssdnerr, Bottler, Mariner, Our Nell, Attila, and Lord George Bentinck, were all bred at Jembaicumbene, and most of them claim the imparted horre WilJIom Tell as.their aire. . This .horse, whose value, now that be is dead, ÍB beginning to be appreciated, was brought to this district by Mr. P. Gold iog, and by him sold to a party in Goulburn, who af'er* wards resold him to that prisca of sportsmen, the late Mr. Andrew Badgery, upon whose deoeese he fell into the hands of Messrs. Hassall and Robarla,of Exeter Farm, who retained him nntil they purchased the .New Z.aland, horse, Cheveller, brother to tho rar-famed Zoe. Shortly after be I fe Jembaicumt'eie'bo'died, but unfortunately before bis value as a stallion bad been discovered. The rnnniñg of Seducer,'Moes Base, Araber, and Sunbeam, fatly bear ont thefaot that he was ona of the best horses ever brought to the colony; and os regards blood. William Tell bad not bis rqusl. Ha was bred by tbe Earl of Derby, and. was got by Touohstone. out of Misa Bowe.'and as o two-year old was put into training nnder. the Wizjrd of the Nortb, John Scott, who.fanoied him greatly. Having met with in socident he was taken out of training and put to the etad, aad was soon after sent to tbis colony; where 'the running of bis progeny bes fully borne out tho high prestige of bis breeding. His dara, Miss Bowe, also threw several other first-class race- horses, amongst; -which were Strongbow, winner of the Liverpool Cup ; Longbow by Itburlel, a; noted winner; IriB, bis own. sister, who, with odds against ber, and Frank Butler on her back; plaeed the Oaks' stakes at Epsom to the credit of ber noble owner ; next esma Boiaido.by Orlando, who was winner of many rocas at Goodwood, .Ascot, and. elsewhere, after, wb'iob be was imported to Victoria ; next came Boomerang by Stock« well, and Do Claro by Touchstone,'owu brother to Wil lam Tell,: who ct. the present time is one of, the b'ghost priced stallions.in the old oonntry. It will time ho seen that the horses bred in this district have the beBt blood in their veins pf any horses in the country. Messrs. HaBsaill and Roberts bavé now tba imported stallion Naw Warrior, who ran six'h for the Derty in Andover's yeer,' one of the best years ever known, and it is proposed to get np a prodnoe stake for the progeny of this horse, which proposal is sore to' be carried oat. Sinee Areher and Moss Rose were foaled, their dams, Maid of the O ike end Lady Morgan, have both died, and we shall only be too glad for the oredit of. the distriot if Mr. Hassall would add tbreo or four imported mares to his breeding establishment to fill np the gap caused by the death of these two mares. Should he do so, the family of New Warrior, as well as that of Aroher and Exeter, when they have retired from racing, will be sure to add fresh laurels to those already obtained hy the horses whioh bavo been bred in the distriot of Braid, wood.-Braidwood Observer. ... ; QUARTZ BEEF.-A quartz reef bas bsen discovered in Bell's Creek, npon the Seymour estate, about a mile above Mr. Forsytb's store. - B. P. Simpson, Esq., tho agent for the trustees in the above eBtate, showed us two speoimens of the quartz, which were obtained at tha distance oitwofeot from the sarfaoe, and in whioh the gold was plainly discernible. .These ¡specimens may be' seen at- the Oriental Bank, and Mr. Simpson has re- quested ns to state that he will treeton tho most liberal terme with parties willing to open up . the - gronnd. Should the indioations in tbe two small pieces of qnorlz which we have seen be borne out in o ny proportionate degree through the remainder of the reef, the yield of gold will be very large.-Braidúoód Obtener. : ? AC-IIDEST.-A most serious accident happened to the eon of Mr. William Seed, of our town, on Friday last. Tho young lad waa'standing in front of the oHp.panels, When a vicioue horse struck one ol the rails' with his bind feet, causing one of the rails to strike the poor boy across the nose and fiae. ' He was taken home insensi- ble, and the ru ed ¡sal gentlemen sent for, A difference of opinion arose between them, which ended'ia Dr. Asbeaheim being retained, i He very skilfully plugged the nose np to its former state, and we are glad to hear tho boy is progressing favourably,-¿foítfroo Mercury. 