. a "medium" in 1772. Does any ono remember tlio "Stockwell Ghost ? " Tho world was less scientific and moro gullible, perhaps, ninety yours ago, than it is at present ; bus yot certain " surprising and unaccountable cvJnts " which it records in these days seem so lsuggoativo of Stookwell redivivus that I have I hunted up tho story ; from pages damp, gocld render, not with tho delightful dampness on your uncut serial, but with tho damp of years, V— all covered with yel low blotches. S The "astonishing transactions" wcro as follows : — On Twelfth-Day, 1772, a certain Mrs. Gold- ing was in tho parlour of hcr\houso .at ' Stock- well whon alio heard a noiso of fulling gluss and ohina in tho kitehon, and her maid, who had boon in her servico but a fow days, eamo to tell her that the stone plates woro fulHng trom tho shelf. Mrs. Golding went out, and immediately noises beenn to bo heard all. over tho liouso -.- clock" foil down and was thattercd, a.lnitejn . tumbled from the staircase and s;,no-jhod j itself, ond nn earthen' pah started in pieces,' and its contents ' woro; scattered about tho floor. The noise ntt juntcil sovoral persons to tho spot, ono of who m, h carpoiitor, I gave in his opinion that tho '.oundatlons of t'.io house wero giving way. 'Mrs, Golding ran"! into a neighbour's house and fainted; "When sho camo to herself, beii jg still: weak and faint, a surgeon was desired >jo bleed -lidr, whjch he did— rather a questio nable remedy . foe weak ness — and the blo-al, in a eougcn'ed state, ' sprang from tho bo, sin to tho- floor, tho basin : breaking to piece,. A bottle of ruin, at tho same time, mad e shipwreck of itself. In tho meantime tho bystanders, for fear of tho: catmtropho fo.retoldby tho oar poutor, woro busily engaged in removing Mrs. Golding'soffeets to tho I house in wliioli shohcrsolfhad tnken refuge. It soon baco'mo evident, however, that some agont, moro mysterious ond liorriblo than n yielding fouodation, was at work, A pior- gla's wrenched itsolf from tho arms of tho man who carried it, and foil, smashing itself. It was pushed mider a sideboard, and immediately a scene of destruction began above it. Glasses, jars, cups, and bottles danced over each other and into oach other in a furious nmnncr, many of them springing to tlio ground in fragments. Some ono being asked to take a glass of wino i or spirits, both tho 'inchoated bottles flow in nieces before thnv ' noiitd ' tin touched. Mrs. Golding's 'surpriso and fear becamo intolerable. Seeing that wliorevor she and hor maid wont, these strange, destructive oiroumstanccs foUowed them, it could not bo expected that tlio, neighbours would receive such certain loss into their houses ; and what : was to beeomo of hor? It is to bs re.narkod that though tho servant, of the unhappy lady was tho only person, who expressod no terror, ' yot alio was constantly walking about,: ond I oould not be porsnaded to sit still. Mrs. Golding next took rcfugo in tho housi ,| of hor ni.'ec, a Mrs. Pain, sanding hor own ' servant back to seo -what went' on at tho ! houso, whioh was not falling. During tho absenos of tho , servant — Ann Robinson — all was quiet, but soon' after hor return to her mistress a fresh scene' begnn. , First 'a whole row.of pewter platos fell from a shelf , to tho floor, rolled about a little while, thon 1 settled, and as soon ns tboy woro quiet, turnod over. Boing replaced, they repeatod tho por- I formnncc, after which a second row perpetrated the same feat. An egg, which stood. on one'of tho shelves, flew off across tho kitchen, Bt.ruok a cat on its head, and then broke to pieces. A pestle nnd mortar next jumped from the high ohimnoy-piece, followed . by tho candle- . sticks and > 'all tlio "brasses," till no thing remainod on tho shelf. Mrs. Pain and hor serrant then put tlio glasses and china h tho floor, thinking to savo something ; but tho. spirits laughed at, such a precaution, ond a tumoier immediately- -jumpetx up: noout iwo feet, and was broken, ; Another followed tho j , examplo ; then ' a china bowl, and a tumbler, i ; with mm and water in, it, jumped about ten ' foet, and was shattered.' . Next, a mustard pot j flew out of a closet in pieces, and a ainglo cup I tliat had been left on thetiblq juihpod up, flow j across -the kitohen, ringing liko a boll, and (lushed itself to pieces agninst the dresser. Then tho table itsolf begnn to dime?. It . did not, use its olaws after tlio fashion of quadrupeds, ns somo tables do in ilioso days to olimb upon sofas, etc. — perhaps it had . no claws — but it put itself into sundry unnatural positions be fore, it could bo induced to lie quiet. A him then raised itsolf from its hook, and fell to the ground; Some time afterwards another ono performed the same feat, and a flitch of bacon brought up the rear. Several of Mrs. Pain's family woro roducod to suoh a state of terror that they could not stay in tho house ; but Mrs. Golding's son-ant, Ann Robinson , was perfectly composed, and continued walking backwards and forwards in a ghostly I mannor,entrcatinghermi8tro3shottobsalarm:d, as thoso things eonld not bo helped. This curiouB way of viewing tho matter, added to tho fact that whenever Ann RobinBon was absent the manifestations ceased, caused licr to bo looked upon with minglod dread and suspicion ; but, since sho was liover sceii no ir any of the falling objects, it was evident that if she lind anything to do with the -transac tions, hor powor must bo supernatural. - Tho noises and destruction, howevor, conti nued nt intervals during the night, till, there was not moro than a cup and Baucer or two remaining to tho 'unfortunate Mrs.'. Pain. About flvo o'clook in tho morning, Mrs. Gold- ing 'deolarod that sho oould remain in that liouso no longor, and wont over, desiring hor maid to follow, to tho houso of a -Mr. Fo wler. 1 As usunl, nothing liaiponed tliore until tlio appearance of Ann Robinson, on wlrel), how evor tho unnccountable disturbances began again ; and tlio maid, going privately to Mr. Fowler, warned him not to let hor mistress remain there, as wherever , sho was, tho samo things would follow. . Mr. Fowler then, fearing grantor los9, requested Mrs. Golding to leive his houso ;. first begging her to consider whether she had not been guilty of somo atrocious crime, for whioh Providanoe wa9 detorminod to pnrsuo her on this side tho grave. Mr». Golding replied that hor oousoionco was olear, and sho would not stay in his, or nny other person's houso nny longor, but would go haok toiler own. Mr. Pain wont with hor, Ann Robinson, of courso, being of the party. As soon as they nrrived, a pail of water began to boil, like a pot on tho lira ; a box of candles fell down from a sho'f, and a table began to move, and fell down. Mr. Pain tl'.oi sont Ann Robinson for his wife ; during her ab sence nothing happened, and on her return she was immediately disohnrgod. And there endod tho disturbances. Some fow, pertina cious and disagreeablo persons, ventured to suggest that Ann Robinson might bo ablo to explain tho nfliiir fn a natural manner, but they wero hissed down. If she had anything nt nil to do with it, thon slis must have had means at hor cominnnd of whioh ordinary mortals know nothing. It was dcoided tint tlio animation of innnimnte crockery, furniture, otc., could not possibly havo been effected by human means. For tho satisfaction of such, for instance, as tho narrative probably and snooringly alludes to as being "so ready to discover natural onuses for everything," it may bo added that some years after tho astonishing transactions, nnd whon tho Stockwell Ghost had begun to fndo and bo no mora hoard of, this enrna Ann Robinson made a privAto.. confession to a gentleman capable of enjoying a pmetionl joke even when it bordered — ns this certainly did — on downright wiokod- ness. She put long horsehairs to somo of the crockery, and wires under others ; on nulling 01' touching these of course the moveables fell, When sho saw the clt'eet of her first feats sho was (erupted to exercise her dexterity beyond tho original purpoeo for mero amusement. Sho loosened tho hams and bacon, attaching them by the skins, which soon gavo way ; and sho threw n choinical powder into the pnil of water as she passed, niter whioh it bubbled. Sho managed to ttirow down ssvcrnl articles with her own hands, and when tho victims turned and saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it to unscon agency. In short, the only mngio wob tho dexterity of the sup posed witch, and — a vory large feature in the cose — tho alarm of tho spectator.", whoso terror at the timo, and their conversations afterwords, magnified many of tho oiroumstanccs and in- ventod others, and who were too full of their own dread of supernatural agency to bo capablo of examining anything, or ovon of a modorato degree of obsorvntion.- —Once a Week. 