THE SYDNEY MONTHLY OVERLAND MAIL. BY the Jeddo. -*- SUMMARY OF MONTHLY NEWS. FROM 19th February to 20th March, 1861. 19th to 22nd February. The Government are something of a fix. The Upper House has rejected the Tariff Bill, by a majority of nineteen to four, so that the duties which have been made on the strength of its passing will have to be refunded. The Colonial Treasurer was questioned last night by Mr. Parkes, as to how, under present circumstances, it was proposed to supply the deficit in the general revenue, but the former gentleman declined to answer, without notice, a question having so wide a scope. The disorders at Lambing Flat, too, through a want of sufficient firmness on the part of the Govern- ment, have assumed an alarming aspect. Mr Cowper told the Assembly an evening or two ago, that there was nothing going on there to justify the reports which were going about. Telegrams, however, came, which showed thatthere were between five and six thousand men banded together to sustain each other in violating the law by forcibly expelling the Chinese. Although there is a strong police force now on the ground it is wholly inadequate to preserve order amidst so lawless a rabble. Soldiers are needed. And we are now told that if the next news shows a con- tinuation of riotous and illegal action, a military force is to be sent, to consist of 40 men of the Royal Artillery, with three twelve-pounders, 130 men of the 12th Regiment, and 20 of the Mounted Patrol. The Melbourne cricketers have returned to their homes, once more victorious. Prior to their departure they were feted in every possible way. They have carried with them, too, many little tokens of respect from our citizens in the shape of presentation bats, &c.; Some who distinguished themselves on the Sydney side have also similar marks of approbation. Mr. Cunningham, of the Commercial Hotel, presented to the victorious eleven a handsome cup, made for the purpose by Messrs. Clarke and Ghost. On Tuesday afternoon a single horse omnibus called "the Volunteer No. 2," was being tried by the owner, when the britching came loose, and the horse, after having kicked violently, bolted at a tremendous pace, and brought the vehicle into contact with a lamp post near the Union Bank. The post was broken, and the vehicle considerably damaged, but a lady and gentleman, who were inside, escaped unhurt, and even the driver was not seriously injured. The usual periodical meeting of members of the Church of England Sunday School Institute was held on Tuesday, under the residency of the Dean of Sydney, when a paper was read by the Rev. G. H. Moreton on " the dwellings mentioned in Scripture." A child named Amelia Carroll, about four years of age, was knocked down and run over by a hansom cab on the South Head Road, last Monday, and has since died. The accident was found, however, to have been unavoidable by the cabman. It is a wonder that these sort of accidents are not more frequent. We have often seen little children scamper across the road in question right in front of an omnibus in such manner as to render a stoppage in time scarcely possible. Some models illustrative of Mr. Bell's recent inven- tion in railway construction were exhibited at the new reading room of tne School of Arts on Tuesday evening. Mr. John Taylor has been appointed a licensed surveyor. The Rev. William Chaucer, of Newcastle, has been committed to take his trial for having unlawfully celebrated a marriage between Samuel Thompson and Ann Katheridge, the latter being a minor, and having married without her parents' consent. She stated to the minister that she was of age; but neither she nor her husband swore to this declaration, or were asked to do so. There have been several robberies at the Glebe of late. Not only in that quarter, but in all the suburban municipalities, the want of efficient police protection is strongly complained of. The annual meeting of the Trinity Parochial Auxiliary to the Church Society was held on Monday evening. The gross receipts for the past year of this auxiliary were £117 11s. 6d. There have been some unusually heavy thunder- storms in the southern and western districts. Mr. Tysoe's inn at Armidale has been entered by thieves, and an iron safe (by Milner) abstracted. The safe was afterwards found with its contents, which were very valuable, still secure. Some rough but unavailing attempts had been made to force the lock. A few other articles of value were, however, car- ried off. There have been some more floods in New England, and a considerable quantity of farm produce has been destroyed. The people at Cowra do not seem to appreciate the respectability of the Lambing Flat diggers so well as Captain Zouch and other Government officials. Some time ago a number of these diggers came to Cowra, and after drinking pretty freely, commenced to kick up a row. There was but one constable in the place, and they set him at defiance, but the Cowra men came to his aid, and four of the rioters were locked up. Some of their companions subsequently attempted a rescue, but were beaten off. They then indulged in various blackguardisms until the Cowra men, to pre- vent a recurrence of such scenes, have formed a " Vigilance Committee." The ladies of Parramatta have presented volunteers of that town with a splendid set of camp colours. A public meeting has been held at Waterloo, to de- vise measures for increasing the strength of the local company of Volunteers. The owners of the racehorse Mainstay have ob- tained a verdict against the Railway Commissioners, with £500 damages, for the injury inflicted upon that animal by a collision on the line near Homebush. Some questions of law have still, however, to be de- termined in connection with this case, particularly as to the force of a by-law made by the Commissioners, and set up in defence, to the effect that the convey- ance of such animals must be at the owners' risk. Mr. J. Hannell, M.L.A., has been elected mayor of Newcastle; Mr. P. Dignam, mayor of Goulburn; Mr. Byrne, chairman of Waterloo ; Mr. Humphries, chairman of Paddington ; Mr. Thompson, chairman of Woolahra; Mr. St. Julian, chairman of Waverley, Mr. G. Waring, mayor of Wollongong ; Mr. H. Moss, mayor of Shoalhaven; and Mr. Dawson, chairman of Randwick. Mrs. Caroline Chisholm delivered, on Thursday evening, the first lecture of the season before the St. Benedict's Catholic Young Men's Society. The principal subject of her discourse was the early closing movement, which she warmly supported. Mr. Crouch delivered the same evening, at the Temperance Hall, a lecture on the adulteration of "beer, and on the evils resulting from its use. Mr. Weekes, the Colonial Treasurer, was yesterday , afternoon struck full in the eye, while in the refresh .snentroom, by a ccrk from a soda water bottle. He .was severely huit-too much so to resume his duties ?in.the Assembly, but it is hoped and believed, that he will sustain no permanent injury. A man of colour, named Irwin, has died very sud- denly at Newcastle. 31r. Oharles Watt, v,ho is acting as Professor of Chemistry and Experimental Philosophy at the Sydney University, in the absence of Dr. Smith, de- livered the first ai a course of lectures upon chemistry, on Thursday evening. A complimentary dinner has been given to Mr. District Justice Owen by the members of both branches of the legal profession practising in his The dead body of a man, name unknown, has been found in the bush near the station of Mr. D. Wilson -of Coonong. The cemmititee of the Co-operative Baking Com- , »any have issued a circular, explaining the causes and principles of their organisation. The company is to ' be registered under the Limited Liabilities Act . the »umber of shares to be issued is a thousand, at' one Piiund per share, of which only 10s. is to be called for . >n the first instance. .»iThi? al°erm/11 of Wollongong have given a dinner to iMr. George Hewlett, their late mayor. A social tea meeting was beldon Thursday evening *\t the Paddington Congregational Church. Several »»maters and laymen delivered addresses ; and it was determined to adopt the weekly oflèring system, and j «abolish pew rents. ' ' " T , , Friday, 22nd February, to 1st March. . lHEBB has been no l«ok of stirring evenu, durinu the ' >y«»t week. . ' ... The news _om Limbing Flat continuing to show a »tate of great disorder, and an armed organisation for i "the'impulsion of the Chinese, efficient military aid his *l length been despatched there. Of the 'Royal Ar- tillery two officers and forty-two men, with 'twp 12-poùnders ; and of the infantry, seven 'officers ond 123 men, besides twenty-one of the mounted patrol. The arrival of these at the diggings would increase the armed force there to 290, viz., 116 police and 174 military. But of the artillerymen one hil« been sent back with a broken leg, occuMoned by the wheel of one of the*,cannon having passed over it ; and there is a possibility that bad roads and half broken horses may detain the artillery for some time behind the rest of the force. The infantry were despatched to Campbelltown by rail, and having camped there lor the night were conveyed onward by ten of Howard's busses chartered for the occasion, so as to increase the speed of their advance. It was reckoned, in fact, that by these means the troops would probably arrive at " the Flat" in eight days. Having despatched a military force, the next ques- tion which arose was as to who was to be entrusted with the chief command, The Premier himself has assumed this difficult task. In asking leave of absence for his chief, Mr. Robertson gave an explanation of the reasons which had induced the Cabinet to decide upon the unusual course o despatching the Chief Minister of the Crown to the scene of disorder, in the midst of a parliamen- tary session. They had determined upon two guid- ing principles. First, that although all difficulties were to be settled, if possible, without bloodshed, the law was to be upheld at any cost, and without pandering to the demands to any particular body of men. Secondly, that under all the circumstances, Hie supreme conduct of affairs at these diggings should be entiusted to a civilian. It was necessary, too that the person so appointed should he one possessing a large share of public confidence. But although on looking around them they saw immy gentlemen who might be safely entrusted with this task, they could not well see how they could ask one of these to undeitake the heavy responsibilities which must attach to such a post. As the nctive direction of affairs must rest with the Ministry it was desirable for this reason, as well as becnuse they ought rather to retain the responsibility themselves than to cast it upon the shoulders of others, that they determined to send one of their own number. Having arrived at thi3 con- clusion, it became clear that Mr. Cowpsr was the fittest man, not only because of his position and ability and of the large share of public confidence Which he enjoyed, but beciuse he was the Minister to whom belonged the administration of justice and police and the direction of the military, so far as the latter be- longed to Colonial authorities at all. The emphatic announcement of Mr. Robertson that while the Government would make every effort to settle matters peaceably they were determined to up- hold and enforce the law at all risks, was received with cheere from both sides of the House. But there was not one word of comment. Mr. Cowper Btarted on Monday evening, and as he is travelling rapidly, it is expected that he will reach Lambing Flat by Saturday evening. Sunday is the great day for miners' gatherings, and at these gatherings on Sunday , next they will hear that the Chief Secretary has come among them. On Monday they can lay their grievances befóte him, if they have any, and may listen to his temonstrtmces, Let us hope that he may succeed in re-establishing the dominion of law and order without having to permit the use ol lead or steel, But the affairs at Lambing Flat huve not been the only source of excitement. There has been another escape of Cockotoo Islanders from Woolloomooloo gaol. These men were working together in one yard, I and managing to discover a soft stone in the wall the great body of them huddled together and kept up a noise by singing, &c; , while some of their number picked this stone to pieees. A narrow way was thus opened through the outer wall, near the Court-house, and through this seventeen prisoners successively emerged. fiut_ as this was eaily in the afternoon, and in full view of a busy thoioughfare,"thq hue and cry was soon raised, further escape prevented, find a hot pursuit of the fugitives entered upon. Being in the gaol dress they were for the most part easily hunted down. Twelve of them were captured ere nightfall, and two others subsequently, but there are still, we believe, three of them at large. And of the two men who escaped I some time ago and reached Kurrajong one is still un captured. Thus ef nineteen who have latterly suc- ceeded in breaking out of Woolloomooloo gaol four have, as yet. retained their liberty. A strong induce- ment this to strive for a voyage from Cockatoo Island to Sydney. We believe that the remainder of the " Islanders " are to be sent back to-day. The departure of the soldiery has led to a necessity forplacing some of the Volunteers on duty. The guards, for Government House, the Mint, and the Commis sariat Stores ore furnished from this body. Eighteen privates and three non- commissioned officers being taken daily from each company in turn. The Boldieriy steadiness with which this duty is performed is highly creditoble both to the volunteers and their trainers. And their employment will have a twofold advantage : It will have more effect in teaching them steadiness and discipline than any amount of ordi- nary drill, and the public, seeing them for some time doing actual duty as soldiers, and doing it well, will rapect them in that character. The Mounted Rifles have undertaken the duties of the Patrol, and the Volunteer Artillery are on guard at the Fort. On Saturday last, there was a social gathering and a series of pigeon matches at Vaucluse, and although rain set-in during the afternoon, people managed to enjoy themselves. The best shooting was by Mr. Whitfield and by Mr. Kirk-the latter from. Melbourne. The long contemplated exhibition at the School of Arts, was opened in due form on Monday evening, by his Excellency the Administrator of the Govern i ment. It IB a decided success. I Good conduct medals, with gratuities of £5 each, I were presented, on Monday morning, at the Barracks, to corporal J. Armstreng" and privates A. Hart, J. ' Kennedy, and J. Henfrey. , . ' I Tt has been decided to invite Sir'John Ñ. Dickin- ' son-late Acting Chief Justice-to a public dinner. On ïuceday evening, was held, at Newtown, a public meeting of the local branch of the Wesleyan Church Sustentation and Extension Society. A new association for the spread of total abstinence principles has been organised at the Sydney Bothel Church. The Journeymen Eakors having failed, notwith.. standing all past efforts, to obtain a shortening of their hours of labour, andhavingdecided upon the establish- ment of a co-operative baking association for this purpose, that association was inaugurated at a large .public meeting in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening. The chair waB filled by the Rev. Dr. Woolley. Ihe speakers were the Rev. Mr. Cuthbertson ; Mr. Windeyer, M.L.A. ; the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe; Mr. Parkes, M.L.A. ; Mr. Lucas, M.L.A.; Mr. Dalgleish, M.L.A.; Mr. Fife' and Mr. Lewis. There have been several heavy thunderstorms in the interior. At Dungog a steam mill belonging to ' Mr. Kermode was said to be set on fire by lightning, and entirely consumed. The first anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. W. Slat) er at the Redfern Congregational Church was celebrated on Monday evening, by the clearine off a debt of £150. ^ The body of a man, since ascertained to have been that of one James Drake, a black- smith, aged thirty, was lound .floating near the Phtcmx Wharf, but no one could ascertain how he come wito the water. He had been for some time wandering about in eearch of employment, and was said te have been somewhat deranged. The members of St. Mary's choir. Balmain, as- sisted by the Misses Howson and Mr. Sussmiicn,i»ave a concert on Monday evening. The Volunteer Artillery have presented a purse of twenty guineas to Sergeant M'Ewen, their in- structor. The new Hall of the Mechanics' Institute at Goul- burn has been opened with a soiree, upon a rather eccteBsive scale. Mr. aad Mrs. Moore (of the Botanic ?Gardens) have had a narrow escape lecently, ut Bedlam Ferry Returning in a gig from a visit, Mr. Moore drove , the horse so the edge of the river in order to cool his feet, when the animal plunged forward into deep water. Mr. and Mrs. Moore were rescued, with some difficulty, but the horse and.gig sank. Dr. Neild delivered on Thursday evening a lecture at the Tcmpesance Hall in connection with the New South Wales Alliance for the suppression of intem- perance : subject-" A Plant And how it .growB." A iecrure on " Progress," in connection with St. Benedict's Catholic Young Men's Society was de- livered on Thursday evening, by the Re*. Dr. No. 45 Company of the Volunteer Rifles have pre- - sc?l*d a purse to their staff-sergeant- Swed. The annual general meeting of the members of the . ' n^? Society was held on Thursday evening. 5 Wateiloo Company of Volunteers have pre- sented Coptoin La7er, adjutant of the N. S. Wale* 'Volunteer Bifies, with a'complimehtary.address, and't a very handsome gold pin, !.'.?" . 1 ; A meeting has been held, and a committee has been formed, to agitate' for the erection of a bridge aero« the Parramatta River. 1 ,'The pending dispute b°tween the Bishop of Sydney nnd the Rev. George King ha» assumed a new utpeut. The Bishop haB cited Mr. King to appear before hird, and to show cnuae why his (Mr. King's) license should not be revoked for canonical disobedience. Mr. King appeared before the Bishop yesterday, at his office, and having denied the power of that prelate to act judicially, went on io contend that all the existing difficulties had been caused by the course which the Bishop himself had taken. The Bishop stated that he would give judçment next week, and when pre- pared to do so would send Mr. King notice. , It has been officially announced that Mr. District Justice Owen, who retires, is to be succeeded by Mr, Purefoy, the present Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates ; 'and that Mr. Cheeke, now Judge of the Metropolitan District Court, has agreed " upon cer- tain conditions" to take the Chief Commissionership. We understand these conditions to be that the salary shall be £1200 per annum, and fixed by Act of Par- liament instead of beine subjected to an annual vote. Mr. Blake, it is reported, has been offered the District Judgeship of the Metropolis. This again, is contra dicttd, and Mr. Holroyd, who fulfilled the duties during Mr. Cheeke's absence, is mentioned as the probable appointee. Friday, 1st to 8th March. _ THE state of affairs at Burrangong (Lambing Flat) is the great topic of the day. The troops are advancing rapidly, and will probably be on the ground ere the week is out. In the meantime Mr. Cowper is going about among the miners, without escort, and has been well received. He has very properly declined to hold communication with any of those who have led the late movement against law and order, but has expressed his willingness to meet the miners as a body, and to listen to such complaints or suggestions which they may have to offer. Everything is very calm just now, but there is great reason to fear that any attempt to restore the Chinese, or to apprehend and punish the principal rioters, may lead to a collision with the troops. A few days more and we shall see. The prospectus of the Miners' Protective League has been issued. They demand the expulsion of the Chinese, and call upon men of all nations, except China, to join with them for this purpose. They also demand a repeal of the gold duty, better police pro- tection, a casting open of public lands, protection to native industry, a parliamentary representation of mining interests on a population basis, and the pro- mulgation of the Word of God throughout the mining districts of the colony. Judging from what has passed, the sincerity of the last of these demands seems very doubtful. In Parliament, everybody has been pretty quiet. Mr. Buchanan, indeed, has made an onslaught upon the Judges in connection with the reprieve of the con- vict Swan, but he was unsupported. The Land Bills are slowly progressing, and the Titt-street Tramway Bill has passed tile Assembly. As to this latter measure there has been a good deal of discussion out of doors. There have been meetings ana repre- sentations, both for and against it, but the supporters of the measure have been in the majority, and are likely to see their wishes accomplished. There has also been a public meeting for the purpose of urging upon the Government and Legislature the expediency ot completing the line aa originally in- tended, to a terminus in Darling harbour. It has been shown by reliable data that there is great need for this work, and that it will not materially interfere with the projected communication by the Pitt-street tramway with the Circular Quay. Mr. Bencraft, of Melbourne, nae manufactured oat- meal equal in quality to any of the imported samples, and has visited Sydney for the purpose of opening a market for this article." Messrs. George A. Lloyd and Co. are his agente. The formation of a privtte company tor the con- struction of ii railway tíom Maitland to Morpeth has been initiated. The Maitland and Morpeth volunteers, having determined to have a band, a number of gentlemen have offered their services for this purpose, and nearly £100 have been subscribed. A fancy bazaar has been held at Ryde in aid of the fund for the enlargement of St. Ann's church. The sum realised was -150 13s. 4d. The Darlinghurst Mutual Improvement Society has commenced operations by opening an excellent reading-reom. A girl named Dunlop, residing near Pine River, about thirty miles from Brisbane, hag died from lock- - jaw, the result of having had a. splinter in her foot. A young man named Cornwell (of Richmond) has been accidentally shot by a companion aa they were mounting their horses, gun in hand, on a sporting expedition. The petition to the Queen from the Clarence, praying for annexation to Queensland, was for- warded, through his Excellency the Administrator of the Government by the last mail. It has been signed by 528 persons. The Richmond peti- tion has received over 350 signatures there, and is now in course of signature at the Clarence. The petition from the same quarter for the formation of a new colony, instead of annexation to Queensland, is also, it is stated, being largely signed. A young man, named Thomas Meldrum, a native of Aberdeensbire, has been drowned while boating on the Fitzroy River. The usual monthly meeting of the Church of . England Teachers' Association was held on Saturday last. A lesson on the "Early history of Great Britain" was given cn that occasion by Mr. White- head to a class of boys who had assembled from the different schools for this purpose. The Cockatoo Island men, with the exception of a few desperate characters, have all been removed from Darlinghurst gaol to their own proper quarters. The three men who escaped are still at large, and there is a report of their having been seen near the Macdonald River. A public meeting of members of the Church ox England opposed to the Synod Bill was keld at the Temperance'Hall on Monday afternoon, and apetition ' to Parliament against that measure was agreed upon. A shingler, named Patterson, has died from sun- stroke, the result of his lying down to sleep in Hyde Pork under the full blaze of the mid-day sun. William Dyer, nged thirty-eight years, has died from the kick of a horse. He imprudently stood behind the horse when unharnessing, and received a kick on the head which fractured his skull. Patrick Leahy, an elderly man, has died from injuries received by a dray wheel having passed over him when on the road between Picton and Camden. A quarterly meeting of the Operative Painters' Association was -held on Monday evening. The object ef this society is to promote mutual good wUl, and, when necessary, to relieve its members, and not in any way to interfere with the regulation ef waçeB. It is working very well. The Government have announced their intention to bring in a bill for the amendment of the Customs law. and to make provision, in this measure, for th? establishment of courts of appeal, as in England. The monthly lecture in connection with the Chursh of England Sunday School Institute was delivered by the Rev. G. H. Moreton, on Tuesday evening. Sub- ject-" The Christian Church of the first three cen- turies." A tea meeting in aid of the City Mission was held on Tuesday evening in the Mission chapel; Sussex Btreet, Mid was well attended. The receipts for this mission during the last year have been £107 7s. 4d., and the disbursements £132 8í. 2d., leaving a loss of about £25, which has fallen wholly-upon Mr. Pidgeon, the city missionary. It waB proposed to relieve him by subscription irom this loss, and we doubt not that the necessary amount will be easily collected. The mission, which is non-sectarian in its character, is said to have worked much good. There have been some heavy rains in the Hunter district, whioh have caused the river to overflow its banks in many places. Besides the damage which has been done by this means to many of the properties near the river, one Isfe has been lost, that of James Collins, aged sixty-four, who has been drowned in attempting to cross at Elderslie. Judgment was given on Tuesday, by the Bishop of Sydney, upon the question as to whether or not the lítense of the Rev. George King should be revoked. It will be remembered that the Bishop summoned Mt. King to «how cause why his license should not be re- voked for canonical disobedience, the act of diso- bedience relied upon being the exclusion of the Bishop -from St. Andrew'« church. Mr. King appeared but chsputed the Bishop's authority. The judgment of the Bishop wos that the license of the rev. gentle- men should be revoked, but it waa intimated that «he chose to apply within three days a new license would be granted, although with a reservation of the .Bishop s right to use the church as a temporary «athedral. The license, with this proviso, has been ».aay-apphedforand granted, and the disputeis thus happily at an end. F ; One of the series ot annual meetings now beine' held in the different chapels of the Primitive Methodist connexion was held at their Newtown chapel, on Tuesday evening. A similar meeting WAS held at the Crow n-street chapel on Thursday. > A fine collection of Italian sculptures and similar works of art has been recently disposed of at auction. The people of Illa warra are making efforts for the 'establishment of a direct trade with Melbourne. Two hundred fine howes have been shipped to New Zealand by the Light of the Age. Mr. Robert Campbell, of Dapto (oged sixty), has committed suicide by cutting his throat with a razor. 'A child of six years old, named Wdliam Wagstaff, has been killed at Harper's Hill, by falling from a trie. .. Arrangements have been made for a return compli m'entory pigeon match to Mr. Whitfield. The first concert of the season of the Sydney Vocal Hiaimonic Society was given in the Castlereagh street schoolroom on Thursday evening, when Spohr's oiatorio, " The Lost Judgment," was performed with gjeat success. The members of the Albert Cricket Club have ap- pointed a sub-committee to make arrangements for the introduction of a first instructor from England. A salary of £200 per annum, with inducements in the shape of private tuition and other matters belonging to the game, were considered sufficient to procure the services of an efficient person. A great deal of discussion has taken place during the past week in reference to a case at nisi prtus Sempill v. Anderson and another-which was tried a short time since before Mr. Justice Wise and a jury of four. As parties are not quite agreed either as to the facts or as to his Honor's ruling thereon, we will briefly recapitulate both, as we understand them. The principal question at issue was as to the opera- tion «f the insolvent law upon a transaction between one Barron, since insolvent, and the defendants. The plaintiff was the official assignee of larron's eBtate, and claimed to recover, first, the value of certain flour alleged to have been taken by defendants from out of Barron's possession ; secondly, a sum of money which had been paid by Barron to the défendants within sixty days before the latter sequestrated his estate, and when he was in in- solvent circumstances. There was some variance, but not much, between the statements of Barron and of the defendants, as to what took place between them ; but the lollowing lacts were pretty clearly established : Barron had first purchased maize and bran from one of the defendant», which he (Barron) had himself re- moved from the wharf, and subsequently he had pur- chased flour, which the defendants delivered. The Sale in each case was-either by actual bargain or Heit understanding-a sule for cash. A day or two afterwards a bill was sent in for the whole. Barron was unable to pay, and intimated that if immediate payment for the whole was insisted upon, they must take back the goods, or some of them. The partner who pressed for immediate payment consulted with the other member of the farm as to whether they should take back the good«, nnd next day all the flour (with the exoeption of one bag, which Barron had used after it came into his possession) was taken back. Barron paid for this bag of flour, as well as £24 on account of the other goods-the corn and bran. The ruling of Mr. Justice Wise was, in effect, that the flour had become the property of the pur- chaser by delivery, and having been transferred back to the vendors within sixty days of the sequestration, the transfer was void under the 8th section of the Insolvent Act. As to the payment made by Barron, this was a payment- uncompelled by legal process ef a sum in which he waa indebted to the détendants ; therefore, if the jury believed that he knew himself to be insolvent at the time he made this payment, the money was recoverable by the official assignee for the benefit of the estate, under the provisions of section 12 of the Insolvent Act. This ruling was based on the judgments of the Court in the cases of Wilson v. Beattie, and Perry v. Hart, decided, respectively, in September and December, 1858. The whole question as to the effect of a sale for cash on delivery was discussed, and decided in a recent case-(we believe Gilchrist v. Peters}-the decision being that in siibh bargains the obligations, of delivery and poymçnt çre concurrent ; neither being a Cônut« tion precedent to the other. In other words, trhat the operations of delivery and payment should be simul- taneous. According to this principle the vendors would have had a decided lien upon their goods after sale, and need not have delivered without payment, but having actually delivered-given up their nosses sion wholly, and left the goods at the full order and disposition of the purchaser-they had abandoned their hen. It was admitted at the trial that the operation of the insolvent law was harsh and oppressive, parti- cularly in the absence of any such provision as was comprised in the English bankruptcy law for the pro- tection of bona fide payments. But the questions at issue, although argued upon by counsel in reference . to .their commercial bearing, were treated by his 'Honor as questions of plain law. It is admitted on al} hands that the insolvent law needs a thorough revision, and, upon the whole, perhaps, this case comes rather opportune as a guide and a warning, if the ruling of Mr. Justice Wise is right. If it be wrong it con be set aside by a new trial motion. The exhibition at the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts continues to be largely visited. The foundation stone cf a new Roman Catholic church hbs been laid at Raymond Terrace, by Arch- bishop Polding. Offerings to the amount of £80 were, on the invitation of the Archbishop, laid upon the stone by the assembled congregation. A meeting of the Sydney Literary Association was held in the Scots Church on Wednesday evening, when the question was discussed as to "Whether members of the Legislature should be paid or not." The negative was carried by seven to three. Friday, 8th to 15th March. I THE Burrangong (Lambing Flat) difficulties seen to be in a fair way of being all settled without bloodshed. The military are on the ground and have, it is said, been well received. Nay, it is even asserted that the officers have dined with the diggers ; but the report of i anything (under the circumstances) so extraordi- nary requires confirmation. The Premier has returned. He has succeeded in co&xing; the miners into Submission-at all events for a time. He distinctly told them that the law would be'upheld, and the Chinese at present in the country protected lrom aggression at any cost ; but he assured theniy.at the some time, that he and his colleagues re gar deu the celestials as "pests," and would use every effort to keep them away. They (the miners) seemed satisfied with this pledge, and have not only passed a ' vote of confidence in the Ministry, but have given the Ptemier a dinner. He, therefore, returns in triumph. ' But how will it be if the promises of Mr. Cowper lead to nothing definite » The hulk of the diggers have a notion that the Government is all powerful, and will clear the whole of the Chinese off the gold- fields in a very short time. Now, even if the bill of Mr. Lucas pass both Houses in its integrity, it will not have the effect which the diggers ore looking for. Will the Government introduce a still more stringent measure for this purpose ? And, if so, will Parliament adopt it ? % It will be on the miners becoming aware that their expectations cannot be fulfilled, that there wal be the greatest danger of an outbeeak. > ïliese doings ot Burrangong will be rather expen- sive in any case. The cost > has been estimated at £10,000 by the Ministry, but it may be rather more ere > the affair is over. Already is there one claim for compensation by 3 > Chinaman, to the amount of £300, ibr property destroyed by the rioters. > Other claims of like nature will come in, and we do not see how they can be > evaded. And there may be ether riots. The miners are clamorous for, among > other things, a repeal of the gold duty, but it will be found, we doubt not, > that their own conduct has rendered this impossible. In the meantime, the voice of the Sydney mercan- tile interest has been raised, we are glad to say, in support of law, order, and honesty, both Houses of Parliament having been petitioned for justice to the Chinese. The diseussions with reference to the case of Sempill v. Anderson are dying out, but they have owakened commercial men to a sense of the necessity for a thorough reform of the Insolvency Law. Such a necessity has, indeed, been long felt, but a strong expression of opinion upon this subject has now been drawn out. Ihe Trade Protection Society has peti- tioned both Houses for such an Act as will effectually reform the law. The Chamber of Commerce has chosen several of its members to give evidence upon tins subject before the seleot committee of the Assem- bly now sitting for its consideration. We are at length, therefore, in a fahr way to obtain some prac- tica^ legislation upon this most important subject.' But it is one which involves so many considerations and BO many difficmltie», that a cxmaidearal_e time will, we fear, elapse ere this expectation will be realised. The Government, we presume, will take the matter up. But the Government moves slowly ka such cases. For instance, it is now nearly a year since it was understood that a bill for the amendment of the Municipalities Act of 1858, was to be introduced almost immediately ; but, much needed as this mea- sure is, it has not yet made ita appearance. The School nf Arts' Exhibition is as well attended as ever- It was to have closed to-morrow, and no intention of prolonging it has yet been notified, but as ' there are numbers who have not yet had an oppor- ' tunity of vifiting it, »he oommittee have been strongly teer Rifles was reviewed in the University, Paddock, on faturday afternoon, by Colonel Kempt, "as Inspect- ing Field Officer. The volunteers acquitted thom pelves well, but an awkward accident occurred after the review. Some of the men whose rifles had not gone off were ordered to discharge them, and one of them fired off his ramrod also. This penetrated the buttock of a sapper named Macfarlane (connected with the Mint), who WOB looking on. His hurt, how- ever, did not turn outto be at all dangerous. Aseries of United Prayer Meetings have been held during the week in the various Protestant ChurcheB at Newtown. A single innings match waa played in the Domain, on Saturday, between the Albert Club and the Denison Club. The AlbertB had a very easy victory, scoring 116 with three wickets to fall, while the Denisons scored but 29. A lecture on the Ancient and Modern Ballad Music of Ireland waB delivered at St. Patrick's Hail, on Monday evening, by Mr. J. H. Plunkett, Q.C., and was well attended. The proceeds are to be devoted towards the erection, in Wynyard-squore, of a resi- dence for the parish priest. I A correspondent of the Bathurst Free Press states, asa proof of the rising value of land at Hartley, that 100 acres of land there were sold at auction, on the 5th ultimo, for a little more- than £500, which same land waB purchased a short time ago for £1 per acre'. There have, however, been some improvements made upon it. An apple, weighing eighteen ounces, has been grown this season in the garden of Mr. FuUjames, at the Old Township, Goulburn. Further complaints have been made of the inequality of sentences in the Police Courts, and even in the Superior Courts-the former especially. Every one who hoB watched the administration of justice must admit that there are strong grounds for these com- plaints. One case especially mentioned is that of a woman who is said to have been convicted", at the Sydney Police Court, under the Vagrancy Act, for having wsed bad language towards her husband-not in a public place, but between themselves. Patrick Phelan, of Louth Park, whose injuries by a ploughshare, has been described in former notes, expired in a few days afterwards. His case was hopeless from the first. A black snake has been killed at Twofold Bay, in the body of which twenty young snakes were found. Thirty young ones were taken from the body of a brown snake killed at Ingalba. , The road through Bargo iirush is so bad that on one occasion as the troops were proceeding through it, thirty-six bullocks had to be attached to one of the guns to extricate it from the slough in which it had sunk. A cabbage, weighing twenty-four pounds, has been grown in the garden of the'Gold Diggers' Home, Braidwood. A Chinaman named Gua, or Jimmy, has poisoned himself, at Mudgee, by taking a heavy dose of opium in brandy. It has been shown that the wild cotton of the Figian Archipelago is worth ten- pence per lb. in the London market, if properly got up. Skilfully culti- vated, therefore, it would doubtless command as good a price ns the fineBt American samples. Public attention has been called in the City Council to the various nuisances in Hyde ¿'ark-the resort there of vagrants and the UBe of bad language by others. The Mayor promised to bring these matters under the notice of the Inspector-General of Police. The erection of the Windsor School of Arts is pro- gressing rapidly. Great preparations are being made for the presenta- tion to-morrow of a set of camp colours to the Bal- main volunteer rifle corps. The Border Post states that the Chinese are buy- ing up arms.-No wonder. A meeting was recently held nt Penmnt Hills, at which two propositions were discussed : Whether the Field of Mars Common should be kept as it is, or whether it should be surrendered to the Government in exchange for roads and bridges (over ehe Parra- matta river). The latter proposition was carried unanimously. A lease for nine months of the tolls to be collected at the Pyrmont Bridge, Darling Harbour, and at the Blackwattle Bay Bridge, near the Glebe, has been purchased at auction by Mr. J. S. Pacey, for the sum of £245 per month. A public meeting was held at Ashfield on Saturday evening, at which the proposed discontinuance of the half-past six o'clock train on the southern line was strongjv remonstrated against. The Bathurst and Maaland Circuit Courts are both sitting. At Bathurst Sir Alfred Stephen received at the opening a congratulatory address from the magis- tracy of the district. " There have been several accidents during the week, one of which has produced a fatal result; This occurred on Wednesday. A heavy oan-hb'rsei be- longing to one Lawrence, bolted from Clarence-Afreet into King, street, where it ran foul of a group of men, ' broke the leg of one (named Ship), and severely bruised another (named Button). ' Immediately after- wards it ran against Mr. Goldsmith, the landlord of ' the Grafton Aims, George-street, with such force as to overturn both mon and horse. Mr. Goldsmith's skull was so severely fractured by the fall that he never spoke afterwards, but died the same night. On Thursday a horse bolted with * dogcart, which after a time capsized, and a lady and gentleman who were in it were severely, although, we believe, not dan- gerously, hurt. On the same day, a runaway horse knocked" down the blind man who usually stands near the Waterloo Stores, ana severely injured him ; he was removed to the Infirmary. On Wednesday a little boy named Adams was run over by a horse ridden by a butcher, but happily only received some flesh wounds in the head. A choice specimen of wood carving-" Cupid Chained"-has been produced by Mr. Archibald Mutray for the School of Arts Exhibition. It has been decided to open the new Freemasons' Hall on Tuesday, the 23rd of April. JThe movement at Wollongong, to establish a direct trade between that place and Melbourne has ended in nothing. An American named Moses H. Spooner, aged twenty-seven, chief mate of the Hawaiian schooner Micronesia, was found drowned on Monday, having, it was presumed, fallen out of the boat in attempting to reach the vessel cm the previous evening, being then somewhat the worse for liquor. A public meeting of members of the Church of England was held on Wednesday evening, under the presidency of the Bishop of Sydney, in St. Michael's schoolroom, Suny Hills, to devise measures for liquidating the debt due upon that building. £270 were owing, and the Diocesan Societv having offered an aid of £30, on condition of the whole debt being paid off within a year, this offer was accepted. On Thursday evening Mr. Parker gave one of his attractive entertainments, called an " assaut d'armes," at the Lyceum Theatre. It was very successful, and well attended. Mr. Billing, of Watson's Bay. who has recently im- ported two zebras from Melbourne, caused some sensation by driving them through the city in a light tandem on Thursday. They appeared perfectly docile in h?mess, but rather slow. The branch bank of New South Wales at West Maitland has been robbed of £1727 in notes and cold by Waltham F. J. Beardmore, a junior clerk. Beard- more absconded, but has »ince, it is stated, been taken. It is reported that there k'a great quantity of fine limestone between Maitland and Lochinvar. A man named James Brown, residing at Balmain died on Thursday from the effects of intemperance. A meeting of cricketers was held at the City Wine Vaults on Thursday evening, when a handsome silver cup was presented to Mr. H. Newcombe, in acknowledgment of his exertions at the late inter- colonial cricket-match. A confine in Parramatta gaol, named Thomas Fare brether, has been committed to take his trial for a brutal assault »pon one of the turnkeys of that establishment. The completion of the new Turkish bath was cele, brated by a sumptuous dijtttner, on Thursday. The baths aie to be permanently opened to the public on Monday. A committee of the AnEembly has been formed to take into consideration tho claims of the Rev. W B Clarke, in connection with the gold discovery. This was done without any application from the rev. gentleman himself. A Miss Mary Darringten, of Penrith, has de- liberately pwsoned herself by taking a quantitv of strychnine in honey. ' Some human remains, evidently those of aborigines. have been discovered at Bellambi, in cutting through a sandhill to form a branch tramway. A man named Luke Reilly has been killed, near Mudgee, by the kick of a horse. - * , *nâ*J* lfltI>, to Wednesday 20th Maich. A handsome set of camp colours, made by the ladies of Balmain, were presented on Saturday to the .Balmain Company of Volunteer Rifles, in the presence not only of the remainder of the volunteer force, not otherwise on duty, but of a krge concourse of specta tors} Thé'presentation waa made'/--, ""~~~~-v \ v fair donors, by Mr. T. W. Smart, M:^.-Ov\\\ main, and a suitable reply was made by V"] Jacques, on behalf of his company, V\ > The united meetings for prayer recently heldu j various places of worship at Newtown were s\ ' attended, that it has been determined to hold meeta^ for the same object during the present week. > \ The complimentary dinner "to. Sir John Nodes Dickinson, on Saturday evening, was largely attended. No man haB ever left these shores carrying with him. a greater amount of good wishes, or leaving behind him a larger shore of respectful remembrance than the late acting Chief Justice. . Daniel Duggan, the blind man who usually stood near the Waterloo stores, and who, as mentioned in our last notes, was injured by a runaway horse on. Thursday, has since died. No blame could be at- tached to any one in connection with this fatal acci- dent. Inquests have been held upon the bodies of an old man (John Oakham), and ot two infants who have died from natural causes. i Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co. of the Sydney Foundry and Machine Works, Barker- street, have latterly completed some very heavy castings under a contract to supply the machinery for a steam dredge, now being built for the Queensland Government. I The Committee of the Northumberland Jockey Club have accepted tenders for clearing the racecourse at Rutherford, "andfor fencing the ground with a two rail fence. The work to be completed by the middle of May. The two men who escaped from Berrima gaol have been captured. There are. about 300 Chinamen, chiefly from Lamb- ing Flat, at Mulgunnia, and more ore arriving. It ia supposed that a valuable reef exists in that vicinity. The next exhibition of the Agricultural and Hor- ticultural Society at Goulburn has been fixed for the 3rd of April. '' The Pastoral Times records the appearance on Monday week of a splendid meteor—large and bril- liant as the sun itself. It appeared early in the fore- noon, and the sun was shining fully at the time. The Volunteer Band, which is now-well organized, made its first public appearance on Saturday,' at the presentation of colours already mentioned, and that appearance was decidedly a success.; At its full strength this band will number from thirty-fivè "to forty members. The School of Arts Exhibition Committee have agreed to keep the exhibition open for the present week. It is as well attended as ever. On Tuesday evening Sir CharleB Nicholson gave there an interest- ing »ina voce lecture, explanatory of rare new and valuable collection of illuminated missal now ex- hibiting. A tea meeting was held on Monday evening in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, for the purpose of raising funds towards liquidating the debt upon'that institu- tion. The collection amounted to about £30. The annual banquet by which it has been customary to commemorate the festival oí St. Patrick taok place on Monday evening, in Clark's Assembly Rooms. From 180 to 200 guests were present, and a number, of ladies graced the gallery as spectators. The chair was filled by the Hon. the Speaker, and the vice chair by Mr. D. H, Deniehy. The whole affair passed off admirably. The new Turkish Baths were permanently opened to the public on Monday. I A woman was . seen on Sunday forenoon to lay i down something in Crown- street, Surry Hills, and I then run awoy. , ' It turned out to be a new-bora, 1 female infant, and quite naked. It was taken to>a^ , house, wrapped up, and removed to the Benevolent I Asylum. ?'* . '? Captain Baker, of the Newcastle Volunteer Rifles, has died from dthrium eremens, and has been buried with military honours. ' The return match between the Illawarra Club and the Albert (second eleven) terminated on Tuesday, the Alberts winning, with twenty runs to spare. The next annual exhibition of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales has been fixed to take place at the society's grounds, Parramatta, on the 16th and 17th of April next. I A man named James Kinnock has died at Molong, i from the absorption of animal poison. There is said to be a great- demand for building ground at Newcastle, and a consequent increase of its price. A fine boy, nine years of age, the son of Mr. Joseph Eckford, of Campbell's Hill, West Maitland, i was drowned while bathing in a lagoon formed by the late rains. At a special meeting of the committee of the Bene- volent Society, held on Monday, the resignation of Mr. H. H. Browne, J.P., as treasurer, waa received. The services of this gentleman have been honorary, and have been rcndeicd with great zeal and assiduity. His departure from the colony lor a season rendered IÍÍB retirement necessary. The fact was received by the committee with deep regret. Mr. Morris Alexander, , at the unanimous request of the committee, has Become treasurer. Mr, Sedgwick Spelman Cowper, A.B-, the yoongeBt son of the late Archdeacon, has been selected from a large number of applicants to fill the office of secre- tary to the New South Wales Commission of the Intematiosal Exhibition of 18G2. < There was a meeting at Newtown on Friday even- ing to consider the propriety of having it municipally incorporated under the Act ot 1858, but there was BO much noise and confusion that consideration of any kind was out of the question. ' A social tea meeting was held on Tuesday evening at St. Matthias church, Paddington, under the presi- dency of the Bishop of Sydney. The proceeds are to be applied towards the completion of the church. ' A lecture on' Nineveh was delivered on Tuesday evening in the loom of the Church Institute, Phillip street. ' J A rich specimen of copper recently received from Mr. Mantan's mines, at Rockhampton, has been ex-. hibited at Mr, Fenton's, Qeorge-Btreet. k Mr. Cowper has resumed his place in the Asse- jr^Ir He looks remarkably well. , ?'*' Telegrams lrom Lambing Flat inform us /_rat «w Chinese are flocking back, but ore kept bv^tnemselves and are interdicted from fraternising wi' boôy of diggers. Notwithstanding /t_i8 restriction hojwever, the latter are dissatisfied,iai_ gtm i¿_" -. exclude the Celestials altogether1, . * . The addition;to St, "tary's cathedral, prepared from the plane of Archbishop Polding 'hlmselff has been opened for Divine service. It is of itself a fine structure, and brings out very strikingly the size and capability of the old building. The High Mass at the opening was celebrated by the Very Rev. Dean Sumner, and a eeïmon was preached by the Rev Father Curtis, The nett proceeds of the late bazaar in aid ot the funds of St. Vincent's Hospital was £633 3s. Id. Mr. T. S. Mort has continued his invitations on several days during the past month, so that visitors might inspect his beautiful selection of water-colour drawings, oil paintings, Seo. The house (Greenoaks) and the charming grounds arc also thrown open. In future, Motdays and Saturday« are fixed upon for the above purpose. Tickets are obtainable, free of choree of Mr. Clarke, bookseller. ' ' 