THE REV. MR.. PATERSON AND ACCUSERS. IIIS Cmt readers, may have noticed for the last few; weeks the progress of a, very nice little bit of ; scandal in the columns of our contemporary anent the Presbyterian clergyman who delivered a lecture on the Revival Movement iu the Masonic Hall on the 19th ultimo. The scandal to-which we refer first took shiape in the Courier reprinting an extract from. the, Murray Gazette, headed CLEEICAI ABSENCE OF MIND, charging Mr. Paterson with what is colonially termed " horse duffing." Connected with this species of industry, was afterwards associated the weakness of drunkenness, said to have been exhibited by Mr. Paterson at Eclmca. It is right however to state that with respect to the latter offence the explanation given by the rev. gentlenien when here was considered by our contemporary satisfactory. Subsequently, however, Mr. Paterson, who had pursued his journey, forwarded a more formal refutation of these charges, in which he said, addressing the Courier:— You are responsible for publicly eireulatlrig that the Eev. Mr. Lind brought information to that eflv.ct from Echuca, and whilst you seem satisfied with the explanation you heard ine give, do you not see you have done me a grievous injury by giving the charge publicity, for you have left your readera either to take your view of the matter, or to take the view Mr. Lind seems to have taken -(of course, -the public have, your word that he took this view of the matter), and as hundreds will Tead the charge agaiiist roe, who will never read the evidence that proves to a demonstration my innocence, do you not see how cruelly you have wronged me2 The letter from which wc extract the above paragraph was accompanied by documents, signed by 'Messrs. Gr. " Watson, J. Watson, Gibson, and Stivens, of Echuca and Moama, and showed that the charge of intoxication was unfounded; and such disclaimers possessed the greater force, as the last named party was supposed by Isome, according to Mr. Paterson, to have been the originator of the charge. This communication should, as far as the public were concerned, have settled the matter — the vindication was clear and candid, and, to the.impartial, not unsatisfactory. Whatever action might have been taken subsequently by: the Rev. Messrs. Lind and Paterson in the Presbytery of their Church, would have been a subject for their own consideration,' with which the Press could haVe had but little to do. But the matter was not allowed to rest here. - Our contemporary clearly seeing that the charges of " horse duffing " and " drunkenness " were no longer tenable, at least with the evidence then in its possession, shifts its ground, =and that too, after publishing a still further vindication of Mr. Paterson, contained in two letters from the Murray Gazette, from Mr. J. K Brown and the Rev. J. M'Millan— and—no doubt still actuated " purely by the principle of -fair play "—says^ .The ground upon which Mr. Paterson was refused the assistance sought by gentlemen of influence in this town, was not in the first instance in consequence of his reported inebriety-at Echuca, but ill <;onsequence of . the. impertinent character of the : letter in which he rather demanded than asked, for the aid that was refused him. Up to this point we have had nothing to say in the .-matter; it was a very pretty affair without any meddling on our part, but if the charge now made be founded on the letter addressed by Mr. Paterson to the Secretary of the Masonic Hall previous to the former's visit to Deniliquin,',we think we can, and likewise esteem' it ouf duty to, throw some- little - light receipt, but has since been in our possession. The letter was as follows :— To the Secretary of the Masonic Hall, or to any of the chief persons (official) connected with tliis Public Hall, care of the Post Master, Deniliquin. Chiltern, May 11th, 1SG1. SIB,—I, a minister of the Free Church of Scotland, on an evangelistic tour through the colonies, purpose visiting Deniliquin the end of next week by the car from Albury (where 1 preached for the Rev. Mr. Ballantyne 011 the 5th). I am anxious to preach to the people there, that is -at Deniliquin, for one Sabbath, viz., the 19th, and wish to engage the Hall of which you are secretary. Whatever is charged for the use of the Hall for a purely religious purpose will be given, an d I hope the fact mentioned within this note, as well as the account of the Beechworth Presbytery's reception of me, will be guarantee to you that the money matter is right. T send you the Oven-s Chronicle. Is it too much to- ask of you to see that an advertisement is inserted in the Pastoral Times and Southern Gourier, to this effect—" That the Rev. Jas. Paterson, of the Free Church of Scotland, lately arrived in this colony, will preach and give some account of the Great Revival in Ireland and Scotland, which he witnessed, on Sabbath the 19th May, in at 2 p.m. and at 6 p.m." I am sorry to give you this trouble, Ijtft as we are creatures, you know we are dependant often on each other. I leave this matter in your hand. Will you forgive me saying more, fur I ant preparing for preaching to-morrow morning, in a new church at liutherglen. Believe me, Sincerely yours, There is the letter—but where the " impertinence?" If our contemporary be correct, gentlemen of influence here must possess eyes of microscopic power to detect in' the language used anything deserving "the epithet applied. Attention to the request might have occasioned inconvenience it is true, but it should be remembered that such courtesies are not uncommon in this country, and that; attention to them is often the tax paid by men of influence for the position they hold. The affair throughout has exhibited a. too great willingness on the part of our contemporary to ventilate and support mere, idle >go"ssip and tittle tattle—the; hearing of which, '.in our small community, cannot always be avoided—and to circulate charges without sufficient warrant. We are glad to see, however, ithat, with time elapsing, the magnitude of the charges made has diminished—beginning with something like "horse-stealing," it appears now as simply " impertinence)" and the basis on which the latter is made, to our minds, appears to be less substantial even than that which apparently supported the former; Personally we. know nothing of Mr. Paterson, and for what little we have learned respecting him we are tindebted to' our contemporary's columns : but we are desirous that every man whose fair fame is justly unimpeachable should continue to stand well with his fellows, and ;that he shouldnotevenbe called " impertinent" without a cause. We consider these -remarks called for,:inasmuch as Mr.,- Paterson is not in the town to defend himself,-and-is ^a stranger to all of us ; they are dictated-alone by a love of fair play, and a desire, to. see facts gathered and Evidence well considered before charges are rinade—more especially, when - such ; affect the character of a stranger.. A persistence in the course which we deprecate is not' likely ^ to augment the credit of any individual or • of the district, but, on the contrary, will bring both into," aiot undeserved, 'disrepute. - On the principle of hearing both sides, we append an article from the Wahgwnyah Watchman, of June 14th; objecting, however, to some of the ' strictures of our contemporary^ reflecting somewhat prejudicially oh Denilir quin, and need hardly say that while we are conscious of having in our 'midst some uneasy spirits, who either, inadvertantly or from>design, too readily, disseminate evil reports, there are not a few still of those who scorn tci> pander to the besetting.vice of small communities, and will at all times gladly be the agents of disproving unjust calumnies. We have received a letter from the Rev. Mr.; Paterson, but we think its publication quite super-, fluous and supererogatory. It is far more satis-! factory to establish the utter falsehood of the! charges laid against him out of the mouths of wit-; nesses cited on the other side, than out of his own.: The veracious Southern Courier hath said, on what authority we know not, that some gentlemen in Deniliquin, whom Mr. Paterson had written to requesting them to take certain steps towards procuring him a meeting, declined to do so on account of a letter received about the same time from Mr. Lind, preferring charges of lying and drunkenness against the person proposing to visit them. He had stolen, a horse the day previous, and what other could be expected of a man out on a horse-stealing venture ! Lying, horse-stealing, and drunkenness ! The charges would look profoundly grave, only they wink grotesquely through a , covering of ridicule. The lying, at least, together with the horsestealing, and—we dare avouch—the drunkenness too, may rest on whoso they may, but cannot now, and do not rest upon Sir. Paterson. Mr. Lind denies having made any such charges, and says that they originated with "the people of Echuca and Moama!" The story of the two "black crows" is not half so fanny as this—pity that the moral is so eminently mischievous. " The people of'Echuca and Moama J " Why, this is-" just any-!" body or nobody. And if this anybody or nobody could.be found out, 7te or it would of course deny, like Mr. Lind, having made any such charges and say they originated some ^other how! In a fine proscpopiea, Shakespeare represents Rumour, making the wind her post-horse, as careering athwart the world, declaring of herself :— Upon, my tongues continual slanders rise, Tlie which iii every language I pronounce, Stuffing the ears of men with false reports. Rumor is a pipe Blown by surmises, jealousies, conjectures, And of so easy and so plain a stop, That the blunt monster with uncounted heads, The still-discordant-, wavering multitude, Can play upon it. -And it seems so can Ministers and Editors play upon it too. We have little geographical knowledge of: the regions where our story was propagated. But certainly something unwholesome must pervade places to which such malign spirits are indigenous. Making sure of the whereabouts, we shall have a conservative regard to our health when the wind blows from ihat quarter in tune to come. An Editor, on the written authority, as he says, of a Minister, comes out in a leading article in Ins paper in a way most damaging—nay destructive of the character of another Minister going about doing, as he believes, good. The Minister' 011 whom this base paternity is laid, denies it, aud says " the charges originated with the people of Echuca and Moama ! " which is saying less than nothing at all. " The wind bloweth where it listeth," and verily so doth slander about Deniliquin, according to Mr. Lind. The charges did not originate with him, but grew, he does not say how, at the two places named, and are, no doubt, to the acuminous divine, credible enough. We think it credible enough too that—Fere hbenier Jiomiiies id quod rolunt cre.dunt. The case is to bo submitted to the rigid investigations-of the Presbytery within whose bounds the delinquencies are, by "the people of Echuca and Moama"—the amount of which is,, by either Mr. Lind or nobody, said to have been committed. When this cliase is over we would recommend the Rev. Presbytery to next brea,the itself by catching an ignis fatuus, of which there must' be plenty about -Deniliquin, and find out whether it was true what our grandmamas " originated" to us that " * Will o' the Wisp' was . a lantern earned in the ' cauld ' han' of a deid man." Or another becoming sequel would be to investigate what amount of truth Hes at the bottom of the stories of " Sinbad the Sailor " or if ghosts east a shadow in the moonlight ! And so we take leave of the subject, wishing Mr. Paterson better luck than befell him about Echuca, Moama, and Deniliquinl - JAMES PATERSON". • 