THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The Victorian Association is no failure — at least financially speaking. A large amount has been subscribed — so large indeed, that we are afraid1 to mention the exact figures. Suffice it to say that there is already in hand funds enough to allow of a. few hundreds being spent in contesting every seat in the Legislative Assembly. It is won deifiil how liberal some people are when it is their interest to be so. Men who have- never been known to- give a sixpence to a charitable institu tion,. have given their hundreds to the Victorian. Association. It is worth noting, also, as a sin gular coincidence, that our Collins street contem porary,, just at the moment when the funds oi the Association had arrived at such a pitch of pros perity, should recommend candidates to ' make common' cause, and resolutely refuse to spend a. single shilling' ! See article in yesterday's paper. Ifutting out of consideration for a moment- tha csedit of the colony as the reputed home of ra tional beings, we Btibmi* that in the common in terest of humanity it is high time that the control o£ the searching parties about being despatched after Mr Burke and; his companions, wete- taker*, out of the hands of ' the incompetent and frivolous, gentlemen by whom this most responsible trust has been, and continues to be, so.' shamefully abused. We refer with pain a'.id humiliation to our report of tho proceeding-; of the Explora tion Committee yestetday, in corroboration, of this, statement. From that shameful re cord it would indeed, seem questionable whether Bome of these savans are capable of understanding as intelligible a statement as the English language is 'capable of expressing. The gentlemen we refer t,o — and of whom we are bound to name: Dr Wilki e as the' foremost — profess to be unable to gat-.ier from the statement of Mr Heaiea what tKe intentions of the Government are in respect ' to providing funds for the prosecu tion of tho search after the missing explorers ; and yet y e undertake to assert that nothing could be more distinct than the declaration of the Ch'.ef Secretary on this point. It amounted to a positive ' refusal to ' supply the means of for' .yarding a party by sea tothe north coast for the purpose of sending an expedition overland from1 that quarter, -unless some strong reason* were advanced in support of 'such a proposal in. addition to the feeble arguments urged in its sup port up to Saturday last. We need soarcely say that no such reasons have as yet oeen orou0ut forward! and yet this would appear to be the pet project of. the committee now. True to the in stinct of the child' who cried for fho moon for no other conceivable reason than that it was unat tainable,'^ members of the,; committee to whom we refer have gxown enthusiastic in their ardor for that 'which, could only be purchased a serious loss of tune* at a moment when hours are more valuable than days in ordinary human affairs. Of course, tho meeting of yesterday did ?nothing beyond adjourning, which, had it been ? done sine die, would have been the most useful act ? of their mischievous public career. A large meeting, numbering some 2000 persons, ?vraa held in the Prince of Wales theatre yester day evening, for the purpose — according to the ?advertisement — of submitting a programme of political principles to be adopted at the ensuing \- general elections, in order to obtain a liberal and united majority in the new Legislative As sembly. The meeting was convened by the old Protection Jjcague Committee, which, howc\ er, baa been re-formed, and together with some members of the Land League, is now known as the Central Elections Committee. A series of re solutions on the most important political ques tions of the day had been prepared for submission to the meeting, but in the mean time the Ministerial pro gramme had been announced, and this was considered so satisfactory upon all points, that the original resolutions were abandoned, and the ?meeting unanimously agreed to accept the policy of the Government, and to return only ? such members as would pledge themselves to ; support it The meeting, which was both un animous and enthusiastic, was addressed by a number of persons, amongst whom was Messrs Wilson Gray, Don, Everard, and Sinclair. A lull report will be found in another portion of the . paper. Mr Brodribb appeared for the first time yes terday evening before the electors of Prahran, and explained to them the political principles ? upon which he desired to be returned as the re ? presentative of the district in the Legislative As sembly. Mr Brodribb met with a very un gracious reception, inasmuch as there -w ere but ? very few points upon which he appeared to be ? at unison with the electors. He stated himself to be entirely at issue with the Ileales Ministry, : and denounced their future policy as revolutionary : and dangerous to the colony. On other ques -. tions he thought it would be a much greater ? compliment if the electors returned him to the . Parliament unpledged. Mr Brodribb stated that he was connected with the squatting interest in Ne w South Wales, and also that he was opposed to protection. After patiently listening to the candidate's explanations, a motion that he was , not a fit and proper person to represent the dis trict was carried by a considerable majority. , Mr Cohen addressed a largely-attended meeting -of the electors ot East Melbourne, at the Stork ? Hotel, last evening. After a number of questions -put from the body of the meeting had been an swered, apparently to the satisfaction of all pre- , sent, the usual vote of confidence was proposed ? and seconded. Councillor Costello, who found it necessary to indulge in somewhat bois -terous language, moved an amendment to the : \- contrary ; but as it did not find any support.it fell ? to the ground, and the original motion was unani- i mously carried. i The deputation appointed by the recent meeting ; ? of the Bendigo Valley Mining Company waited ?upon Mr Rose, the late managing director of the , ? company, yesterday morning, and requested him ; to convene another meeting of the shareholders, , and to explain to them the conduct of the direc- , tors and the general management of the company, , Mx Rose replied that he had no power to call a j meeting himself, but that if the shareholders ] ? chose to convene one, he would be very happy to , attend as requested. ( The fifth anniversary of the Ladies' City Mission ( vraa held at the Mechanic's Institute, on Monday evening, Mr Justice Pohlman in the chair. Bishop E Perry, in moving that the report be printed and | circulated, referred to its encouraging nature. The . Sev. J. P. Sunderland, in seconding the resold- ( tion, remarked that the missionaries should be in- z -creased, us the present number was certainly too £ . small. The Rev. Mr Beecher, who had recently ( arrived from England, gavo some facts in connec tion with his labors in the London City Mission. ^ It was moved by the Rev Matthias Goethe, se- ^ ?? conded by the Rev W. R. Binks, and carried : — ^ ' That this meeting recognises the claim which ^ the society has upon the sympathy and co- ^ operation of Christian people, and pledges j : itself to increased efforts on its behalf.' ^ 'The following persons constitutj the office- ^ ' bearers and committee for the ensuing year : — ^ ? Gentlemen's committee: Revs. R. B. Barlow, ^ yV. R. Binks, Dr Cairns, M. Goethe, R. Hamil- ^ ton, J. P. Sunderland, J. Taylor, Messrs H. ^ 'CWoke, R. Grioe, II. Langlands, and D. Ogilvie. . Ladies' committee : President, Mrs Hornbrook ; 'Vice-President, Mrs M'Lachlan ; Hon. Treasurer, T Mrs Peppers ; Hon. Secretary, Mrs Ilandfield ; ? Committee, Mrs Dawbarn, Mrs M'Bain, Miss Wild, Mrs Henderson, and Mrs Watt. Some valuable additions have been made to our pure stock by the Moravian, which arrived in ^ . Hobson's Bay yesterday morning, after an ex ceedingly good passage of seventy days. By the ' Moravian Messrs Strachan and Co have received ' three pure Hereford cows in calf, and Messrs ^ . Wilson, Buchanan, and Co. have received three ( rams from the Imperial stock at Paris. The Mo . ravian also brings a number of canaries, thrushes, blackbirds, goldfinches, and Spanish and Dorking \- fowls. Both the animals and birds are in remark- ^ ? ably good condition. They have been well attended ti to, and have stood the voyage remarkably well. Nine each of the Collingwood Rifles, and those of 0 North Melbourne, headed by their respective r( ? captains, had a match at the butts of the 'former C| company on Saturday last. The North Mel- ^ bourne scoted 74, five rounds per man, at the re ? spective distances of 400, 600, and 600 yards, and £ 'won by 26 points. Several of the best of the ^ ? Collingwood shots were unavoidably absent. r( At the adjourned extraordinary meeting of the jj. Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company, g. ? which was held yesterday morning at the com- -r pany's offices, Flinders street, the shareholders Q] \- unanimously resolved to make aa effort to relieve -jhe company from its present difficulties by adopting a scheme proposed by the recently ap ~ pointed committee of shareholders acting in con junction with the board of directors. Irrespective of the amount raised on debentures, the company .is indebted about £100,000 ; and it is proposed ?that a new company shall be formed to pay tliiB amount, and take the line for their security, and -'the profit or a portion , of it on its working for .their interest. The details of the scheme have not 'been finally agreed to. A prospectus will, how -ever, be issued as speedily as. possible, and a ..further meeting of the shareholders is to be held ; next Tuesday. During the proceedings the chair ; sum stated that the increased cost of the line oyer -the original estimate was the consequence of a . Mistake made by the engineer, who had calcu . lated the construction of the earthworks at one \- third of the. actual expenditure which had been .incured upon them. From , a notice issued by the Deputy Sheriff, =and 'which will' be found in another column, we rfiad that the . jurors summoned for the criminal jdttings on the 18th instant, will not be required attend. ,- , ? . ' . Dr Owens will deliver a lecture this evening, at the Mechanics' Institution, Collins street east, on | the subject of the ' Phenomena of Sleep, Dreams, and Mental Hallucinations,' being a reply to Mr Blair's ' Plea for Ghosts.' In the District Court yesterday, J. W. Frost was summoned by James Rennie for breaking his windows. The defendant did not put in an ap- pearance, but it transpired he had been annoyed by seeing a scandalous writing referring to himself which had been posted on the window by Rennie, of the Lavater Institute, Swanston street. The Bench dismissed the case, and informed the plaintiff he had received merited treatment. In the case of Mason v. Stanborough, the defendant was fined £1 and 25s costs for using offensive ex pressions to complainant en tho St. Kilda road. There had been an ancient quarrel be tween them. Defendant paid the fine. An inquest was held by Dr Candler at the Yarra Bend Asylum, yesterday, on the body of Francis W. Perry, a lunatic patient, 45 years old, who had died of pulmonary consumption on the 1.5th of July laBt. The jury returned a suitable verdict. Abont forty members of the First or Royal Victoria Volunteer Cavalry, met at the Bush Inn, yesterday, under the presidency ofMajor Stewart. The business before the meeting was chiefly the selection of a head dress. The helmet wa3 al most universally approved, and the busby had but two advocates, the chairman for one, and Major Greene for the other. A positive decision in the matter was, however, put off to an adjourned meeting. Dr. Youl, the city Coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at Hotham, on the body of Phoebe finnhin TTnhfinn /M mi crli tnr n f John nnrl Ann TfnT-i - son), a little girl of two and a half years of age, tho cause of whose death was acute inflammation of the membrane of the brain, caused by eating the leaves or berries of tho Salanum pseudocap sicum.- On the Saturday an elder girl, named Elizabeth O'Connor, and the deceased had been amusing themselves by rambling about the gul lies in the municipality, and plucking various plants that attracted their attention. O'Connor noticed that her companion had got some of the leaves and berries of the nightshade, but believ ing them poisonous, had burnt them. As it after wards turned out, the child must have swallowed some before she had been observed. Shortly after her arrival at home, the little girl fell asleep, and on awaking was seized with a fit of vomiting. Dr. Barnsdale was immediately MUUL iur, uiiu. uuiuuiL^iecuu ail emeuc, Out did not find any traces of berries or leaves in the matter vomited. The child was quite insensible, the pupils of the eyes still and contracted, the skin covered with a clammy sweat, and an eruption upon the face and neck. Upon death, which took place on Sunday morn ing, there was squinting, with one pupil dilated. Post mortem examination showed the organs gens rally to be quite healthy, but there was a green ish fluid and remains of leaves in the stomach, and the brain and its membranes were greatly congested. The j ury returned a verdict in accord ance with the evidence. A meeting of the Victorian Agricultural So nietv was held on Alontlav fifternnnn nt- t.lin Dlrl England Hotel, Heidelberg. The meeting was convened as the annual general meeting of the society, but on reference to the rules it was found that the last Tuesday in July is especially ap pointed for this purpose. The members present, however, resolved themselves into an ordinary neeting, with Mr Stooke in the chair, and ;hanged the date for all future annual meeting s ;o the second Saturday in July. Me3srB W. H. kreher and G. Sherwin were appointed as the society's representatives at the Board of Agricul .ure, and Messrs H. Stooke and J. D. Brown were ippointed auditors to the society. A vote re questing the chairman to convene the annual ge leral meeting as speedily as possible was passed, ind the proceedings were then terminated with he usual vote of thanks to the chairman. At the Criminal sessions, yesterday, John D'Brien, charged with appropriating £37 odd jelonging to the Eight Hours' Demonstration Uommittee, was found guilty of larceny, and sen enced to twelve months' imprisonment, the first veek in each month to be passed in solitary con inement. Cornelius Lyons, convicted of com nitting an indecent assault upon his own laughter by his present wife, wa3 sentenced by he presiding j udge to three years' imprisonment vith hard labor. His Honor expressed regret hat he could not greatly increase the penalty, i-hich « the highest the law allowed. Not a session passes in our courts of law that ire are not called upon frequently to protest gainst some of the verdicts returned by juries in riminal cases, and to complain of the general lisconceptions which appear to prevail in the linds of at least a very large proportion of those a whom the liberties or even the lives of their fel iw-men are entrusted, as to the nature of the esponsibilities devolving upon them in that apaeity. Another illustration of this condition f affairs was afforded on Monday, where in cer lin oases in which prisoners were charged with tealing, and also with receiving stolen goods with guilty knowledge, the accused were convicted n the minor charges. Mr Adamson very pro erly called the attention of the jury to the fact hat recent possession of stolen goods, which was lie chief evidence against the prisoners in the ases referred to, was proof rather of stealing than f receiving stolen goods, inasmuch as it was more sasonable to presume that one offence had been ommitted than that there had been two distinct iuumius oi uie mw. as a nine oi mis Kind may ossibly produce a good eflect, even though but to partial extent, upon the conduct of jurors in iture instances, we consider it well to put it on :cord in print, and to request the attention of lembers of the common jury panel to it as a tatter which may prove useful for their guidance i the discharge of their very responsible functions n. subsequent occasions. 