THE VISION OF THE COFFIN MAKER'S PRENTICE. WHAT WIS mora natural than that the thoughts of Sin Totton, the ooflin maker's apprentice, should be runnioi on death'd heada and grinning skulle, and damp, dari vinita, deep down in the earth: with now and then i cheerful feeling of the pleasantness of country oburob yards, with tombstones interspersed" with sweet.Boentec apple trees, and rich groen palls of bright meadow-gras! spreading over the grave? Now and then, ton, be m ¡gb think of ghosts releasing themselves from the grave, one taking a night's ramble, and whistling down tal chimneys in olties, or glaring in, with great oold eye', at farm house window?, end frightening the quiet oirole at the fireside with a dread token of death near at hand, 01 some heavy evil about to burst on the unlucky bouse By the hour would the young apprentice sit in the undertaker's shop, meditating on the sorry chances oi life, the wonderful demand for coffins ia the summei months, and the strange world into which many merry stout gentlemen an I joyous ladies would ere tong be transported, screwed dose down in the cruel coffins that stood in a long grim row before bim. Some be knew would stretch themselves quietly at length, and fall asleep; others would fight and wrestle, like very demons, ero they oould be brought to bear to be shut down and cabined in for ever : and others again, in whom lifo was furious, and not to be readily ex- tinguished, would smite and dash their deadly hints against the ooffin-lid.ond would ory out, in voioas stifled in the damp, thiok day, to be freed. With this turn of mind, tb» apprentice waa sitting one night in the shop, on an undertaker's stool, and watohing the various shadows that came through tbe door, as the August sun Battled in the sky. Now the shadow flitted in at ono ooffia, filling it only breast high; then sbifiing itself, it would take entire possession of a ohi'd'p, that stood next ; and so flitting past,, from one to the other, it brought into Sam's mind the thought how these coffins would ono day be tenanted, and what man. nar of people it might bo that should be laid in the coffins that stood about him-large and small-and how coon they would all be filled and barna lightly away. The thought bod soarooly formed itself in S .m's mind, when the shop-bell was rung very gently-a glass door that was between him and the Btroet was opened, and a figure, more woe-begone, wrotohed and disconsolate than he had ever bafore beheld, presented himself, and paused for a mom°nr, just long enough for the apprentice to take notice of his appearance. His eyos were wild, and sunken far behind, palo, ghastly, hollow, cheeks, in whioh there was no drop of blood ; bis hoad was without any covering of any sort, except a hhook of uncombed, matted hair, and he limped sadly forward on disproportioned, infirm logs, in sotnty apparel, and with ' an apologotio appeal in bi* looVs to the young appren- tice, ebsmbl d away into a remote corner of the shop, and planted himself OB nearly upright, and with as great a show of decorum as he could, in a cheap pioo oofflo that alood by itself. Sam felt Btrangly inclined to enter into eonversation with the Poor Figure, nnd to learn by what ohanoe he bad been brought into that lean and melancholy beg- gary. Ere he could do this, the door waa pushed forci- bly open, and a portly personoge entered, and crossing the shop with great dignity and majesty of bear- ing, proceeded to an inspection of the coffins; going dose up to them, examining nicely the grain of the wood-yes, even smelling it, and turning away with an air of vast disdain whenever it proved to be cedar or bay.wood-the quality of the muslin, and the aotion of the binges. After turning up a majestic nose, slightly discoloured by the use of wine or table- beer, at two thirds of tbs undertaker's assortment, the portly gen. tleman at length pitched upon a magnificent tabernacle of mahogany, with flue, rolling hinges, that could not jar on his delicate ear when he should come to be fast- ened in, and an enormous silver plate, with a chased border of cheerful flowers, that took away tho very ap- pearance of death. Having concluded to oooupy this tenement, the portly gentleman prooeeded ta take posses- sion, and, with great difficulty, crowded himself into the coffin; forgetting, however, to put off bis hat, wbioh remained on his head in a very Bturdy and consequential position ; and there he stood, bolt upright, staring st tho young apprentice, as if it was his determi- nation to chill him into an icicle. Sam was, however, not so easily over-awed, but on the contrary felt inolined to burst into a hearty laugh at the very oomic figure the nice gorily gentleman made in his dainty, brasa.binged, nolished mahogany coffin. As he turned sway his eyes, they encountered a spec taole which came nigh changing their merry humour to tear«-for a sweot lady, all ia white, floated gently past him ; of a fair, meek demeinor, and bearing in either hand two little children, a boy and girl, whose facet ever turned ? towards the lady's with on expression of intense and tender regard. Clinging to her with . firm grasp, they glided by, and tried st first to find rest ia one coffin together, whiah proving ineffectual, they chose collina neighbouring to each other, and qaietly assuming their piases, they stood calm and patient, as if death had fallen kindly upon them ; tba two ohildren turning reverently toward their dear mother, and hanging oa her pale sweet look with I passionate constancy. , Directly in the ateps of these visitors, there entered s I personage, who, judging from the dotted apparel in which he presented himself, might have been the ghost of some spotted aard ar other, come to take a hand with Sam's auster, who was greatly addicted to the sport and entertainment of whist.plojing. However thia might be, the new-comer entered with a con pl a of somersets, turned about when he had reached the centre of the shop, took off his piebald cap, made a leg to Sam, and scrambled into a coffin directly opposite the portly gen- tleman's. For . long time these two perionages stood regarding eaob other ; the one grinning and hitehing ap his legs, as if he felt the irksomeness of confinement ; and th a other, with a solemn look of oonseqnanoe aad self importance, determined the very grave itself should not get the better of bim. " This is pleasant 1 " .said tba portly gentleman, at length, with a slight tone of irony and oondesoensioD, to his neighbour, the clown. "Terr, bat not so airy aa the ring I" answered the merry-andrew. "Nor so sang ss s corporation pantry, with a, eat ol enid tongas between two debates," returned the portly ' gentleman. " Bat then it has its advantages. No taxer, mind that, (those tax-gatherers used to be the torment of my life,) no gronnd-renlp, poor rates; no beggar's ding-dong at the front-door bell.'* " Bat consider," responded the clown, " although we lodge in a cellar, as it were, a gooi und rgionnd, sjx steps down, whtra are the oysters and brandy ? Did that occnr ts yonf " i . . " I confess it did not," said the portly gentleman, slightly staggered, ''bat I was thinking now what a ohoioe storage this would be for half a gross of tip-top champagne, with the delicate sweat standing on the oat side of the bottles." - -, " There's no room for a somerset, either," said tbe olown. '"Nor to deliver a speech in," answered the portly gentleman. " See, I eonldn't atretoh out my right arm half its length, to make even my first gestare; rather a oramped, clone plaop, after oil-" "Vanities! vanitiesV said the Poor Figure, from bia distant oofBn, nnable to suppress bi-* feelings any longer. " Cramped and close, is it ? It's a paradise compared to t^e dark, damp dnngeona on the earth, where the living body was pent np in dreary walls, and the rheerfnl light of day comes in by stealth through grim bars. When the world moves past the poor prisonet's window, without a 1 <ok of recognition ; when a man's hand takes bia in a congenial grasp-is that life, d'ye say ? He is dead-I tell you, f ead 1" said the Poor Figure, in a voies of pierolng agony, " as if the marble slab WOB laid upon bia breast, and the grave-diggers piled wbele mountains opon bis corse !" " Msny'd the jolly time," returned the portly gentle- man, without mach heed to tho Poor Figure's declama- tion, " we've had at ci'y suppers. How tenderly the tnrkoy's breast-brought by the commonalty, purohased by tbe sweat of the hard.worked million-yielded to the shining knife. How sweetly the popular port wine and the public porter glided down the throat. Choice times were those, my dear sir, when the city paid the haokman'a fare for dainty rides to the sufaurbs, and when wa made the poor devil paupers stand about as licking their thia chops, while we rolled the rich mor. sels ander our tangies. But now," he added, in a rather melancholy tone, " I am bot little batter than one of the heathen. I smell no- thing but the musty earth ; my gay apparel is falling piecemeal into doleful tatters, and I oan get nothing to ohew upon bat an oooasional mouthful of black mould, that sadly impedes digestion, if one had any digestion in suob a pl ice as this, worth speaking of." "Think but of one thing, sir," ta'd the clown, with an uneasy movement in th« coffin, " and you oannot fail to be content. Where are tbe duna in thia empire of ours ? Wo aro as inaccessible to the vile creatures BS the top of aa iceberg. Why, sir, tbore wa9 a poor wretnh of a col- lector that haunted me for a vl'e debt of twenty-two and Hixpenc», until I wai Borely tempted to take his very lite ; and put myi elf upon oontrivanoe how I oould take it with most pain and tortura to sonl and body. I thought of all kinds of mantraps and pitfalls in blind alleys, and leadeo-headed bludgeons; .od at length, Hoaven tave the mark t I pitched on the scheme of carrying him off in a balloon, and about two miles up, letting him slip with a cord about his neck, and hang dangling by the nrok until dead, ten thousand feet high. He was got safely into tho balloon by a dextrrons aooomplico; was carried up-and, now that my mind was at (aie as to the result, I went home to take a quiet cap of tea, and to settle up my accounts, meaning to run my pen through the twenty-two and BÍX av a settled aooonn', when-the Lord save ns I-who Bhonld knoek gently at the door and marah in with his old impudent Rmile, than roy old enemy the colleotor, with bis aooastomed phrases, hoping be didn't intrude-ind, if it wasn't too muoh trouble, he would like to have the small amount of 'his bill, whicb, as I knew, had been standing some time. The rope had broken, Bir, jost a they passed over my boase, and tbe vila little rasoal had pitebad upon tbe roof, and making the best of circum- stances, had walked down tbe scuttle, and availing bim. self of the opportunity, bad looked in with bis aooursed iittle bill. We're free from tho scamp now, however I'm not sure though, isn't that be in the pina coffin ?" Sure enough, there stood the Poor Figure, leaning to- wards them, listening in an attitude of intense regard to every word that bad fallen from the down's lips. "I am the man!" he cried, with groat emphasis, when the down had ended. " Nono other but I. On the little debt of twenty-two and sixpence hung my old father's life, who lay rotting in the cold gao': waiting for deliverance which I had promised bim many limes-with a« false a tongue as maa ooald. I said I would ooma. to-morrow, at such an hour-naming, in my desire to bring bim definite hope, the very minute and second ; and I did not come. Was not that a lie ? And did you not stand behind me, another liar? How many lying, false tongues wagged with yours and mine, in that little busi- ness of twenty-two and sixponoe, God only knows ! I forgive you the debt ; tho old man's bones are at tho bottom ef tba prison well, whore he perished. They Bhonld plead for truth from its gloomy womb, and havo a voice to shake prison walls and fetters from manly limbs. God traill they may !" Tho Poor Figure hod soarcely ended, when the door opened, and disclosed a meek little man, clad in a neat suit of plain timk, with two snow-white bands falling under his obin. His gait sud aspect denoted many uolomn thoughts, and with a (low pace, aud a seeming consciousness of tho gloomy realm 'in walsh he was treading, he advanced to an obscure corner of tho piase, and folding his arms silently upon bia broast, stood silently in bis coffin-bis head only inclined a little to ono side, as if he momentarily expeatod to ostoh the^ sound of the last great trump, and to welcome the' summons. Sam beard a noise in the hall, as of some parson shuffling nbont in heavy boola, in search of tho door, and after a fair minâtes a large man tn a white cape, a ponderous leather hat, end a club in bis hand, swag gered boldly in, and after looking about bim'for a whilo as if on the watch fer a ghost or apparition, walked quietly off, and toking bis station in a comfortable cedar coffin in the middle of the apartment-obviously mistaking il for the watoli- boz -fell gently asleep. From all that he saw. Sam imagined this to be a oily watchman; and the presumption is,that bo was not far wrong. After o salubrious slumber of somo ten minuter, thia guntlemsu waked up, and thrusting;his head out of tba coffin, stretched bis neck, and gazed up and down the room, and at the ooiling. ?' How the dovll'a this? ' bs ai length oxolairncd, " the lamps are out early to-night ; and the alderman must have put tho moon in his pocket. That'd tho woy they serve us poor charleys. We wouldn't catch a rugue more than once an ego if wo didn't take them into porter, houses and get 'em diunk, and study their physioguo. mies, and set them a-stealing half-fuddled I" .. What's that you say, my man ?" oried the voice of tho portly gentleman. "What fault have you to find with the cori oration, I'd like to know ? Do you pretend to impeach their astronomy, air? and to say, sir, that the moon doesn't risa when she is set down for it in tbe almanac? I'd have you know, sir, the moon's bespoke three months ahead ; and that tho oil.dealers know when thoy put short allowance in tba lamps I I'll hate you broke, if you haven't a care bow you Bpeak of an alder man. A word to the wise in your ear, sir." The watohman was making up his mind for a reply, and it is impossible to say what choice specimens of rhe- toric might not have passed between teem, bat st thia moment the shop bell was rang with great fury. Sam ctixted up with wonderful alacrity-distinguishing the ring at once from all other possible rings-and reoeiving, BB he advanced to tho front of the warehouse, a thumping blow on the sids of the head, was asked what he meant by leaving the ahop open at that time of night, and coffins out at the door to be retted by night dew and obalkad all over by young vaga- bonds in the streets ? Tbis was of coora? Sam's master ; Sam's visitors mis- took it, ho waver, for s sommons of a very different kind ; the watebman, supposing it to be an alarm of fire, rat- tled his dab apon the coffin.side, and sprang for the door; the portly gentleman thought it a melodious sap- per bell, and, disengeging himself, displayed equal acti- vity ; the Poor Figure followed, hobbing along like a waiter in a burry ; the elown, for the call boy'a notiae, and somerseted through tte door ; tbe sweet lady in white, for the last peal of the Sunday summons, and glided away with ber ohildren at her side ; and the little parson, smoothing down his bands and calming bis thoughts to the purpose of the hour, taking it for tbs Wednesday evening lecture call ;-and so the company dispersed. Sam, busying himself with the undertaker's orders, soon olosed the warehouse ; and as he moved past the empty coffins to his bed at tba end of the shop, and thonght how they bad been lately filled, it ocourred to him bow inopportunely men might be laid in their graves; debtors lying nearest neighbours to oatobpoles and deputies, whose approach was the curse of their life; the clown and the alderman, parsons and profligates in tender vicinage; tapsters and favourers cf the pure stream, perchance murderers and their victims, and breakers of. troth and violators of faith pledged to woman, in a proximity so eloae, that the tkeleton arm outstretched might reacii hiato the grave where the broken heart ley, and Uko its cold sal ineffectual band beak into that wbieh bsd done it somaoh deadly «rang. On jadgment day, when the ti a np sounds on burials like these, if aught ot fl re ry or human passien remain, what awful seeaes will bear \- witness to the I»ney pf. the young apprentice boy; when forms shall start up and bare life again, but to glare on otber wakened forms-to loathe, curse, scorn and abhor that on which they gaze. Graveyards wculd then know ; a strife and passionate conflict, that bittle.fi.elda coull not match, with all their sanguinary stains, and aries of horror, vengeance and despair.-Ntto York Tribune. CalaUE OT MUBDEB AGAINST TUX MATE Of AN AstEBI OAK SHip.-John Riley, seoond mate of the American ship Marathon, waa brought before the stipendiary ma- gistrate at the police court, on Tuesday, charged with the viifnl murder of Henry Brown, an able-bodied seiman, and one of the craw of the above-named vessel. Information of tha alleged murder having been forwarded to the polio J on the arrival of the Marathon in this port, Riley was at once taken into oustody on the charge. Mr. Wilding, American vice-consul iu Liverpool, was present during the inquiry. The particulars of the oise will be gathered from the evidence of John Smith, one of the crew, who stated that he and tho d ceased man Brown bigned artioles in New York on the 14th of January, and on the loth left that port in the Mara- thon, bound for Liverpool. Kiley was second mate of tha ship. Oa several occasions between the 10th and 10th of January witness saw bim strike different men Of the crew with a belaying pin, a broomstick, or anything that came in bia way, and be also kioked them frequently. The men were alwaya at their work when be did this. About eight, o'clock on the morning of the lOtb of January witness wes holding a brace by the main port rigging, when he saw Henry Brown stand- ing at work by the butt ropeB on the yard. Kiley was standing on the top of tho orosij tckyard, looking at Brown at work. Wituesa beard tho prisoner say to Brown, "Come on bera as font j ou oan, you son of a \- " Brown went along the yardarm towards the mast, and when bo got within tbe reach of Biley the latter kioked bim three or four times about the face, causing him to fall about halfway down the mizen rigging. He struck against the upper oh a ins, and from there fell overboard. Witness saw him " strike out to swim a bit," but a sea covered bira, and be was oarried away. Wit- ness saw no attempt msde to save tba unfortunate man. There was a good breeze, but not a heavy sea, at the time. The oaptain waa then abaft the wheelhouse. Witness did not know where the first mate was. Biley appeared to kiok Brown with all his might. Witness heard a cry of " A man overboard " as soon as Brown fell into tbe water, but did not hear the latter cry out at all. About seven o'clock in tbe morning of tho day upon wbioh this ooourred, when the crews were called , out, Biley stood on the deck with a belaying pia in his hand, and addressing them as they were dewing up the sails, said, " You sons of 1 1 , I'll sacrifias one of you before night." WitntBS could not ray whether Biley was sober or not when be kickod Brown, ne had boots on at the time. Had not beard Brown give bim any im- pudence. Hs was not doing anything wrong when Bi- ley kicked him.-Several other witnesses were examined. Their evidence waa precisely similar to that given by Smith.-A witness called at the request of the prisoner expressed bia opinion that there was a great deal of pre- judice existing amongat the crow against Biley, and that what the witnesses bad stated was not exactly correot. The prisoner also denied the truth of the statements made by the witnesses, adding that if he had allowed the orew to go on shore aa soon as the ship got into the river, without making her seoure, noth'ng would have been heard of the oharge made against him.-Mr. Baffles informed him that he need not make any defence, as be waa not going to be tiled here, the court having no jurisdiction in the oise. The depositions would be for warded to the United States Consul, and he (the pri- soner) .would be handed over to the Amerio-n authori- ties, to be tried in bis own country.-Liverpool Mercury. BOMANISU xN TUE Cnrncn or ENOLAND. - The fol- lowing eztraordinaiy production appears as a letter in the Anglo-Catholia Onion, nominally a Church of England jonrnal. The writer calls himself " tho Secre- tary of the Sooiety of the Blessed Sacrament." He says :-" I inclose a few hints, by wbiob in any Church, either at home or abroad, a moro reverent appearance might be gained; but to those who would wish to have more explicit directions, allow me to say that the Sooiety of the Blessed Sacrament proposes (D.V.) bunging out such directions to servers who will aid' them very oon. aiderably iu their angelia work at the altar throne of Jesus, Before leaving tho sacristy with tbe priest the server will light the oandles on tho altar, beginning on the Epistle side; then prooeeding to that on tho Gospel side. He Bbould always bow on pausing or repasBing the cross or oontro of the.altar. When carrying the Missal or Book for the Office of the Holy. Communion' he will bold it with both hands close bs fore bis breast, the «pening being towards his right. Having arrived at the altar, or rather at the lowest step, ile wi 1 turn round and allow the priest to pass up to the altar. He will then follow him and place the book upon the rest and open it at the appointed place. He will then go to bis plaoo opposite the Epistle candle, and kneel upon the lowest step, junctis manibui.' At the Epistles ho will pass over to the Gospel side. At the Gospel be will return to the Epistle (this pre-supposes that tbs priest read a the Epistle io the proper place); and at tbe Credo ho will stand in front of the Epistle candle faaing east, either' bowing or genuflecting at the Iiuarnatus est. At tho offertory be will either eolleat tho alms himself, or pro cure the assistance of tko ohurcb-warden or some - other, oburoh officer, and bring them to ihe priest at the Epis- tle, orner. Ho will then proceed to the credenoe for the altar bioad, and bring it to tbe priest ; then return for the cruets, nh (oh ho will hand to tho celebrant ; after-' w.rds place them on the credence table, and go to bis plaoe on the Epistle side, and kneel j une tis manibus Daring the communion of the peoplo ho will kneel on the predella at the south sida of the altar facing north ; afterwards return to bis plaao on tbe lowest step. After tbe blrssing he will retnrn to theoredenae table for the cruets, and then go to the Epistle corner and await tbe arrival of the primal ; and after the ablations he will pf ss over to the Gospel oorner and cloBe tho book, whioh be will oirrjr back to saoristy ; and having assisted the priest to unves», will ratura to tbe chuica and extin- guish the altar oandloB." Fonr SUMTEB -Tho Washington correspondent of the New York Herald, writing on tbe 13th, before the oidir bad been gitan to evacuate Fort Sumter, says: " Washington, March 13.1801.-Tho older bas not yet been given to evacuate Fort. Sumter. Tbat it will be; within two or three days, I am »are. Tho preferenoe of men, nor the polioy of party, can prevent it. It is a stern necessity that compels the act, and ia beyond the control of party leaders. Military soience will govern the administration. I am certain that, if the President was sure that Major Anderson had provisions and fuel enough ti last until reinforcements could reach bim, they would be sent, no matter at what cost. Nobody regrets the existing Btate of facts concerning Major Anderson's position more than the President. He had no {-art in tbs work of creating them; but, at the same time, coming into power with them staring him folly in the faoe, he does not propose to shrink from the res- ponsibility of meeting thom, and will do no as promptly as the importance of the sabjeot will admit, and act as wisely apon them as time and the foots will allow. I learn to-day, from an official Bonroe that cannot be ques- tioned, that no vessel drawing more than six feet of water can enter the harboar of Charleston. Tbe channel, clot o i np some timo sines with sunken vessels, is still closed. My despatch, dated 9th instant, stating that Major Anc*orson had bat fifteen days' supplief, and no doubt, was strictly trae, so far as the foal is ooncerned, bat was slightly inaojurate as to the provisions. The information received from Major Anderson fonr daya ago showed that he had twenty days' eupp'ies then, so tbat from this date he haa only about fifteen daya' supplies. There is another faot of tco moon importance to over, look. My despatch of the Otb, referred to, stated that t would require 10,000 men to invest and engage the varions batteries on Sullivan and Morris Islands, erected to reduce Fort Sanjter and prevent its reinforce* ment by the United States government. I made the statement upon good authority, tbat such was tbe estimate of General Saott. To-day I have official in- formation that Major Anderson gives it as his opinion that it would require 20,000 troops to make the rein- forcement a saooesn, from the fret that tbe drat move- ment in that diríotion would oall into the field at leaBt 15,000 men, mustering from tbe seceding states. Every one who knowB anything about tbe condition of the Fe- deral troops is aware that it would be utterly impasible to tbrow 1000 troops into Charleston barbour within 15, 20, or SO days mach loss 20,000. There is no authority to call upen the states for troops, Congress having ad- journed without having given any snob authority. More yet, there is no money or authority provided for recruit- ing men in tha regular servioe. In view of theso facts, what can Mr. Lincoln and his advisers do but dispose of the question at once by rr moving tho men from Fort Sumter, and leaving the Sooth Carolinians with tkeir powerful batteries to go homo. Despatches were sent to Charleston some days ago, putting tbe authorities tbere on their guard, as it was understood the government were considering the propriety of reinforcement, and that the reports of evaonation might be nothing mote than a snare to entrap them. To- day General Beaure- gard, commanding the forées, telegraphed here as fol- lows :-' Wa are prepared at all points, and defy them to reinforce Sumter.' 