NEWS AND NOTES. We are glad to be ab!c - to announce that Mr S. Baird, who was bitten by a snake, at Smeaton, is now out of danger. It seems that as Mr Baird was going into tbe stable he observed a carpet snake about 3|ft or 4ft in length, with bis tail protruding beneath the door. He seized a piece of wood, and having dealt the snake a few blows, opened the door' for the purpose of getting at its head. When about to pin it to the ground with thc piece of wood, thc reptile darted at and fixed its fangs in one of Mr Baird's fingers, from which the blood oozed. He sucked thc injured part, tied a piece of cord above the wound, and got a person in his employment to cut ont the piece. He next applied gunpowder to thc wound, and took large potations of strong Martell's brandy. The poison had, however, penetrated thc system, and the whole skin became quite discolored; in fact, black. In a short time insensibility set in Several men were engaged in trying to keep the patient from going to sleep, by dragging him by the legs up and down a hill, and supplying him with copious draughts of brandy. After remaining insensible for several hours, Mr Baird was visited by a medical man from Creswick, and by Dr Hillas, of this town, who gave him a dose of ammonia. On Saturday morning, four- I teen hours after the accident, Mr Baird had regained consciousness and was declared to be out of danger. The promptitude with which Mr Baird acted on receiving the bite may bc considered to have saved his life. At tlie Police Court on Saturday the first difficulty under the Occupation Licenses in this district developed itself in the form of a complaint brought by thc Commissioner of Crown Lands against a man named Linehan, for being in illegal occupation of Crown Lands. The defendant took possession of 20 acres, proceeded to fence it in, and then made application for thc land. Another person however, had made application for the same allotment a day or two before the man in possession, and the govcrnmcn^ granted the license to the first applicant. The defendant now refused to give up pos session, as his 20 acres were fenced in and he had a log hut partly built thereon. Mr Clissold intimated that he would issue a warrant to dispossess the defendant. The latter said he would appeal, and the magis trate stated that he would give him every facility for so doing, and for consulting a lawyer. He also intimated that the war rant would not bc issued until Monday, and in the meantime defendant could take legal advice. A man named Thomas Batelle is wanted by the police for presenting a pistol at a woman named Anne M'Rae, at Mount Hollowback, and administering an oath to her. He is described as a Dublin man> about twenty years of age, 5 feet 7 inches high, fair hair and whiskers, small light moustache, high cheek bones, and slightly turned up nose. He wore a dark monkey jacket, moleskin trousers, and dark wide awake. The offender was formerly in the employment of Mr Connell, at Clunes, and is addicted to drink. A meeting of the members of the Rifle Club will be held at the Camp Hotel this evening. Dr. Allison, we regret to announce, ex pired about seven o'clock yesterday evening, at his residence in Humffray street. We believe that the cause of his death was 'paralysis. To all old residents of Ballarat f be deceased must have been well known, or he was conspicuous by' bis activity in our various public charitable institutions. During his illness, Dr. Allison received mnch attention from his medical brethren and everything was done that the circum stances of the case required. Messrs Mitchison Brothers, on Saturday j sold the machinery and plant of the Hope well Quartz Mining Company, Prince Regent Gully, for the sum of £750 cash. The following was the scoring at the Rifle j Butts on Saturday, at the respective dis- | tances of 200, 300, 400, and 600 yards:-W. ! C. Smith, 3. 3, 4, 0-10 points; W. C. Mumby, 8, 7, 4, 3-22 points; D. Oliver, 4, 4, 5, 2-15 points; Suffren, 9, 6, 9, 2-26 points; A. Drury, 5, 3, 3, 2-13 points; IL Fenton, 5, 1, 2, 0-8 pointe; S. T. Clissold, 8, I (ceased firing at two last distances) 9; J. Cuthbert, 6, 3, 1, 0-10; J. Gullen, 5, 2, 2 (ceased firing)-9; J. Baird, 6, 1, 2 (ceased firing)-9. We regret to find that the stability of the General Short Hours Association is not only threatened by thc disaffection of certain of I those employers who cheerfully signed the, . original agreement, but that two of the t firms have been secretly endeavoring to ? induce others to relinquish their adherence to a regulation whicb, rightly viewed, is . productive of great mutual benefit These i gentlemen must be well aware that if they persist in remaining open till eight o'clock ! they are guilty of a gross injustice to others I in the saine trade who have kept to the ¡ agreement. The arguments in favor of i early closing are too well known to require 1 recapitulation here, but it seems to be r necessary to point out to these gentlemen > that if they persist in the illiberal course : they have adopted, they will in time have to bear the unenviable reputation of having , brought about the ruin of a very wholesome regulation. Tenders are invited by the Commissioner of Mines for the construction of new works and repairs to the present sludge channels at Ballarat. There may now be seen in the chop window of Messrs Bees and Benjamin two very handsome trophies which Captain Drury purposes presenting to the Volunteers of No. 3 Company, to bc shot for. The designs are very good, and in thc centre of each is the cipher B.V.R. . In a wreath on thc top is the motto Semperparatas, and in the centre of the first and choicest of thc two, the motto u Palmam qui meruit feral." These prizes are to be shot for on an early day. On Saturday another pigeon shooting match between Healey, alias Yorkey, and Finlay, both crack shat*, from Brown's» came off in Mr Hepburn's paddock in front of the Torf Hotel, for £50 a-sidc. There was a plentiful supply of birds, but the shooting, for first-class shots, was by no means good. Mr Whitehouse acted as am pire. The mles were those ordinarily ob served at all such ehooting matches. Of the first eleven birds, each competitor shot seven, when Healey, as a right, changed the position of thc trap, and from this to the conclusion of the match, neatly half of the birds got away, especially from Finlay, who shot only eleven oat of nineteen birds, and Healey fourteen out of eighteen. Thc num ber of birds to be shot at was twenty one each, bat Finlay gave up the match when he saw there was no chance of killing the same number as his opponent. The stakes are to be banded over to Healey. A sweep stakes of I Os each was next shot for, be tween Messrs Whitehouse, Hepburn, Tuck" ctt, Nicholls, and D. Smith. The conditions were that thc second should save his stake, and first miss ont. Mr Smith went out the first shot,. Mr Nicholls the second, Mr Tucket the third, Mr Hepburn the fifth, and Mr Whitehouse having killed five bisds oat of fire won thc stakes, Mr Hepburn being second saved ! is. Messrs Tackett, Hepburn, Whitehouse, Searle, Nicholls, and D. Smith went in for a se cond sweep of 10s, on thc same conditions as before, when Mr Whitehouse went out the first shot, Messrs Nicholls, Smith, and Searle the second, Mr Hepburn then shot four birds out of five, and Mr Tuckctt hav ing shot five out of fire won thc stakes, Mr Hepburn again saving his. For thc next sweep of 10s, Messrs Tuckctt, Hepburn and Whitehouse entered, when thc latter missed and went out Mr Hepburn shot two out o* three birds, and Mr Tuckett throe out of three, taking thc stakes, there being no division this time. Thc shooting of Mcasrs Hepburn and Tuckett was excellent, the former having shot ten out-of thirteen hirds, and the latter ten out of eleven. Messrs Anderson, of Bullarook saw mills, are now building a large stone flour mill ou Birche's Creek, in the township of Smeaton. A portion of the building has been erected; the race is completed ; and an excellent per manent bridge has been built over the creek leading to the mill. We hear that Mr Armstrong, of the Camp Hotel, purposes giving a silver cup to be shot for by thc Volunteer Corps, and that it will be manufactured by Messrs Gerrard and Sleep. Thc present low price of wheat has in duced many farmers to convert it into horse feed by crushing, thus saviug their oats' which are fetching a fair price in thc mar ket. They assert that wheat, when crushed, is quite as good as «ats for horses, and that the animals will fatten sooner on it, but they acknowledge that there is some danger in allowing a horse to take a drink of water after a feed of crashed wheat. We have received a prospectus of the " First Grand Exhibition of the Castlemaine District Horticultural Society," as also the rules passed at a meeting of the subscribers held at the Supreme Court Hotel, in July last. The rules are printed in thc form of a small pamphlet, and seem to contain provi sion for the settlement of any dispute which may arise in the government of the society. Such societies have been of essential service in advancing the interests of horticulture and for thc business-like way in which that of Castlemaine has taken thc field, wc pro phesy for it a long career of usefulness. Ballarat, or rather, one of her citizens, enjoys the distinction of possessing an egg of the gigantic extinct bird Epiornis, of which only five examples have ever been taken out of its native country, Madagascar, or been brought under the notice of the scientific world. Some years ago, in 1849 or 1850, the captain of a merchant vessel trading to Madagascar, one day observed a native using for a domestic purpose a vase which much resembled an egg, and upon examination proved to be one. The na- tive stated that many such were to be found in the interior of the island, and eventually enabled the captain to procure from the alluvial bed of a stream a nest of five eggs, together with some portions of metatarsal bones, indicating a three-toed bird as large as, but generically distinct from the Dinormis giganteus. We discover that the first mention of the circumstance was made in a Bourbon journal, copied thence into the Mauritian, thence into the Calcutta Englishman, and at last found its way into the columns of the Athenœum. According to the statement referred to, the eggs were found in the bed of a torrent. They were one-eighth of an inch thick, 2ft. 8in. in circumference lengthwise, and 2ft. 2in. in circumference around the middle. "What (asks the Athenœum) was to have come out of these eggs? bird or crocodile? The natives seemed to be well acquainted with them, and say that ancient tradition is uniform as to the former existence of a bird large enough to carry off an ox. This is only a little smaller than the roc of oriental fable, which waited patiently till he saw the elephant and rhinoceros fighting, and then carried off both at one stoop." The Athenœum in a subsequent notice remarks "Fairy tales are daily thrown into shade by the authentic records of science." The captain on his return to France conveyed to Paris three of the eggs. "In a re- port (says Mantell) to the French Academie des Sciences, M. Isidore Geoffroy St. Hilaire described these eggs. The largest was equal in bulk to 135 hens' eggs, and will hold two gallons of water. Mr St. Hilaire proposes the name of Epior- nis for the monster biped of which these marvellous eggs and bones are the first evidences brought under the notice of natur- alists. Owen, in his Paleontology, describes the eggs presented to the Academie as being from thirteen to fourteen inches in long dia- meter, and the contents of one to be equal to those of six ostrich eggs, or of one hun- dred and forty-eight hens' eggs." The measurement of the egg now in Ballarat, which is the property of M. Lafargue, a brother, we believe, of the original dis- coverer, is thirteen inches long in diameter, and thirty inches in circumference at the widest part. In a day or two Messrs Solo- mon and Bardwell intend to exhibit this singular object, and at the same time to serve the interests of one or other of our charitable institutions by receiving contri- butions from visitors. We take the subjoined from Clough's Circular of Friday:—''The following are the principal items of the Government financial programme, which we have re- ceived on eminent authority:—Ten per cent, to be put on all manufactured articles im- ported. A reduction of the export duty on gold to 1s 6d per ounce. Squatting licenses to be re-issued for another year, and in the interim a final settlement of the question. And, lastly, that the expenditure be re- duced to £2,500,000 sterling." A rather unusual scene was presented, says tbe Argus, on the beach at Queenscliff, on Wednesday evening. An immense nura- ¡ ber of small mollet, about three inches long, driven by a shoal of larger fish, leapt out cf their own element on to dry land. A nume rous crowd was soon attracted to tho shore; bags, tubs, dishes-everything that would bold such small fry-were pressed into ser vice, and men, women, and children quickly gathered up the spoil. The Age says:--Some members of the City Council are, we perceive, desirous of purging that body of the presence of Mr Patrick Costello, and the following notice ol motion has been tabled for the next meeting: -'.* That the opinion of counsel be taken as to the right of Mr P. Costello to retain his I seat in the City Council, bc haviug been found guilty of misdemeanor and conspi racy." This should be a hint to the members j of the Legislative Assembly. j The performances at the Theatre Boyal, on Saturday evening were tolerably well attended, ' and sufficiently varied to please all tastes. Mr Warner's Sir Giles Overreach is a performance of very great merit, and with the exception of his Hamlet, decidedly his ablest impersonation. He was well sup j ported by Messrs Bellair and Leslie. As Sylvester 'Daggerwood Mr Harry Jackson I amused his auditory by remarkably clever imitations of Brooke, Holt, Drew, and I Gregg. The portraiture of Drew was by far ' the most successful. The performances wound up with the farce " A Ghost in Spite of Himself." This evening Bourcicault's " London Assurance" will hoperfornietl. 