TIHE PItOSPEIII'fY OF ENGLAND. (Trent the Times, Januar) 26) Scarcely ever did trade seem to be at a higher pitch of prosperity than at this nonent. See the new towns of luxurious houses which are arising all round us, nicking us wonder as they arise where I the crowds of rich people who are ever ready to take and firnish them can pos- c sihly comne from. Look at the enormous I undertakings which are proposed, under taken, and finished without a moment's patlie as to the menus of raising the fuds; and upon no other inquiry than 0 whether there is a fair hope that they I will pay a profit. Note, above all, the superior comfort of ei classes. It is n 'e°nuiik irmade by nearly every one who has been long absent from Enigland that the most striking change lie notices on I histreturn is the superior class of people I wlhom She finds walking the streets nnd riding in otmnibuses. It is, of course, not that the class is altered, but that it is more contfortuble and better dressed. The Puctolus is so wide, and the stream is so full, that it irrigates even the distant I comtions. When the late hard frost t came there was, no dliubt, is transient and t biting distress, but the lall purse was so t quick to open that money was less wanted I titn charity. 'T'here was more money I to give thin hands to distribute. The it only difficilty was to find out where real f distress cowers and suffers, mind good- n tetipered idlers scattered their silver so C hivishly around that the Iabor market of It Liitdot was left tinsupplied, while the el lItbturrrs, trunsiormned into noisy beggars, k picked up treble their usual dciily waees Li iii the streets. Despite the drawbvcks, k despite the insufficient harvest, despite ain inmiteise tasation, we have been as at nottti very prosperous. India and li Chita have been employing till our e hiuntls; every corner of the earth hits lA been bringing us good trade; Manchester ci has tud more orders than she could exe- 1 cute, and is building new mills in all sl diredtions, to take in more machinery, w and turn out more work. Leeds. is site cm publiely tells us by the mouths of her Sa representativers, has been exceedingly h -well employed, and has had no poor of el her own to feed. They have all been it making money, and hoarding or enjoying ft it, as their tastes directed them. rt Bitnkruptcy all this time has been like et a ghost story at mid-day. In the real ti working hives, where cotton bales became 01 fabriss, where` iron became steel and it sharp tools, where earth gave up her coal, ti ansd where wool was spread out as cloth o0 of various dyes, there was no bankruptcy. ti Aldong the populations who worked these ti mighty niatufactures, as among tte lords q of labor who owned them, there was no ai bankruptcy. The workmen had abun- Cl ditnt wages, and bud no excuse for not a5 paying their tradesmen, who, in their pi turn, had no excuse for going into the ( Gazette. Here and there, personal qua- r lities would, of course, lead to some ) private . ruin; a local aggregate view ii would produce an exception to the gene- it -al pprosperity. Drunkards and sluggards t will always stagger forwards to the aid p of itientipty Gazette. Let its pity its we w passp ioor tnventry, but not forget the E nirirt of its fate. Constant strikes have p drivdn calitiul and enterprise from the tl town, and the tyrannical laborer is now wvOnifringi what hits becoite of the em ployer si'lioni lhe used to coerce. -The ritre excelittons, htowvear, only point the contrast to the general prosperity. _We it will not here take account of those great he swindling and .tgambling tiansactiots at which have no tttmre identity with the in real commirce or industry tof the country tc than a mist has identity with the at mounttin on which it rests. Such bank- iv ruittcies as those of Strenttield atid sa Laurence. with their fictitious millions ia written upon 1pieces of worthless apaper, ci are as tunreal- for ptirposes of practical se comnierte is a bankruptcy ii a farce at sip the Adelpi. rThe knaves and dupes are m oa tlet'stage, and the great body of the tI people look on, curious but indifferent. tl Generaily speaking, all trades have been It to rich to behbtnkrupt, and have been it gettingz money too fast to cure much hi foirthe few baonkrupticies that: came to b checker- the course of their success. it Duritg the whole winter no one has re pjroathed Sir Richard Bethell. No one d eas cast at Lord Ptlmetston his unre- it deemed proniise of sitting through the o wviuterato pass that Bill. No one has c been -producing glaring instances of t estates nielted and expenses accumulated. o Alllihe witter, mianufacturers have been t wprking away anid saying nothing, and a Conmmerce has been, in the main, as con- a tented as if she had been reasonable last e session and had got her desired code. Ii Buitmthere is now heard that ominous hi singing among the corda5e of the good a ship vhich makes every sailor rise to his t feat. Site is going at her fill rate through a the water, and the skies are blue and thue wind fauorable as before. But there is c someuth igconmig. Every public man I ..own seems to think it necessary toseasoit hsis, coigratuliitiott with a tvrning. At thte tmestitg of the Leads Chiaimbar of Comioirce, to which we have alluded, aihar 2sr. Daroton Luspion, the president, htud scongratulated his town that every brench~ of trade was prosperous, Mr. Bercroft, who, as he represents the I borough, must be supposed to know a something of such matters, tempered the t exultation of the meeting. " lie ihought t that every prudent man would put his ii [ark in trim, shorten sail, and thus be I prepared for any storm." Mi'. BUines, a the other miember, dropped unother t cold drop upon the cremning spirits of his constituents. " He advised them ai to remember that a bright day wn v sometimes followered by a gatherinm of iI clouds, and that they would aet wisely a in not reaching out their arm l'urther u than they could draw it back." This I sort of language, received with sober e cheers in such a locality us this, is omi- f nous. It is ltie hnndwriting upon the o t wall; and, fortunately, it requires no prophet to read it. It means, if we I mistake not, "short time, short wages, p short profit s'and long lists of bankrupts. U 'bhe Leeds Chamber of Comnerce were o certainly of this opinion, for they con- t nected these topics directly with that c Bankruptcy Code for which the country a his been so long waiting, and they beiti Ii L ut this meeting-now, within a few days I I of the Session-to talk of' "strengthening it ltie hands of Government to produce a o good and efficient measure." It is rather i brie to begin to talk in this way. II ilter p all the long speeches of the Social Science folk, and all the debates in Parliament, s and all the meetings of Chambers of Commerce, and deputations to Ministers and solein reconnmendations from Lon don and Manchester, the trades of this kingdom do not know what they want, v and have not made that knowledge known to Her Mijesty's Ministers, then b we should say it is useless for the Go vernment to mind any longer whait these r imipracticable interests may, in their a5 broken sections, say upon the subjects. a Minchester, in despair, has offered, c- re cording to Mr. Beecrolt, to take a little o Bill us an enstailent. If Mr. Beecroft A should be correctly informed, Manchester tI would stand alone in this matter, for the country expects a very large Bill-as small, no doubt, as ite subject will allow, hut a very complete iieasure. Man- s chester may, perhaps, be looking with v alarm to ltie future, and imay be provided ii for those little bankruptcies which a ti restricted cotton supply and diminished 1 earnings, if these should be unhappily in a the future, must occusion among tlie class of tradesmen who depend upon the fac tory operutives. However this many be, there is certainly now about us that hush of expectation which seems to signify s that a squall will come from some qiiar ter. Perhaps we shall escape it and be "ie quiet for the fear; perhaps it will coiie and we shall ride it out. But, if it does come, it will not pass over wtitoHtleavinig P' some craft upon the rocks. With such notice it would be unpardonable if the I Government liad not got all their tackle b ready for saving the wrecks from ite .U wreckers. No doubt, Sir R. Bethell, ; industrious - ndi energetic as he is, is 0 already much imre forward with his work n than, according to Mr. Beecroft, (lie m' people of Leeds and Minichiester mire, an d i we ulpe he is determjined to make his i Bankruptcy Code not oinly an early in proposition, but the first nchiievement of c the Session, 