'It wont do, whatever way you fix it,' as Sam Slick would say, — this coalition of spurious patriots and expediency-mongers. Public opinion cannot be gainsaid ; and there is no use in trying to evade it,' by putting in office men who fear to face their constituencies, or who have no constituen cies to face. There is only one way of carry ing on responsible government in a Consti tutional country, especially -where manhood suffrage is in force ; and that way is beyond the reach ot the majority ot the new hetero geneous Cabinet. That way is to adminis ter public aifuirs for the good of all, and with the approval of all. But can the mis cellaneous collection of political exceptions, which Mr Ntoiioi.son paraded before the Assembly on Wednesday evening, as the in-coming Ministry, undertake to conduct the Government of the country for the ad mitted common weal of the entire com munity? Would the public trust them, oven if the}' were, earnest in their desire to rule with justice and with honesty ? — nay, could the public trust them ??? Can the an tecedents of these gentlemen be forgotten ? .But what is of far more importance, can the public believe that it is possible for the new coalition to satisfy the imperative demands of the very difficult position which they occupy? The fact is palpable that the land question is still, as it was when the He.vi,ks Ministry was first displaced. .during the late Parlia ment, the great stumbling-block of sueh politicians as Messrs ELvixjss and O'Sha xassy. And thev do not now take office with the .view of adopting any positive policy upon that topic, urgent though they know ? it to be, but solely to satisfy their own personal ends. They probably have held out hopes to the squatters, as they formerly held out hopes to the people at large, that they would ' do ' something' to settle the question satisfac torily. But they know that it is out of their power, to do anything really advantageous to the public interests on this subject, and their only expectation respecting it is to make it as difficult to others as it is to themselves. They are not at all at a loss to comprehend the impracticability, of satisfying the exigen cies of .their position, both as the avowed friends of 'the pastoral interest' and as the members ofa Ministry who have a popu larly elected Parliament to-deal with. They icompreheudfull well the demands of 'their 'position. They feel they are between two 'fires, and their policy will be not to attempt :to satisfy these demands, but to parley, and, if possible, bamboozle, both sides, whilst they play out the place-hunters' part. Is it not notorious that one of the foremost things required of them by an influential section of their supporters in and out of Parliament, is to 'make things ' pleasant' to the squatters, and to those who have pecuniary claims upon the pas toral possessions of the squatters ? ' Leases',' of rims are abjured, . because the very word is an abomination .to the people generally.; But ' security of tenure' is the style of phrase. now employed to express compliance with the pastoral demands of the present moment. Is it thought that the public can be so readily hoodwinked as not to see' through' the flimsy veil thus sought to be thrown over the real purpose in hand ? * No thing of the kind.- The active spirits of the new Ministry sec and know full well that they are watched by eyes too keen to be deceived ; and thai; whether leases, or fixity of tenure, or any other form of expression is used, it is plainly understood by the pub lic, that the one sole thing required of them by their bovine -friends, is to keep from ofi' their 'runs' the crowd of people who are pressing forward to; settle upon them. And whilst this is evident as the light of day on all sides, the expectations of aif exactly ( opposite character, 'arising from the great body of the population, are equally manifest. : If, however, the new Ministry had any! doubts on this latter subject, the short1 discussion in the Assembly , ou Wed-1 nesday evening must have completely re moved them. Mr Nicholson, who undertook to ' break the ice' for his hew Ministerial colleagues, yfas completely noii plussed as to what sort of a representation : he should make of the future policy of his Cabinet. The 'lion.' member for Sandridge' being only what may be called '-the ghost 'of a Minister' — a sort of Executive appari tion, disembodied ol othce and its responsi bilities—could only make signs and shadowy movements. There was nothing tangible to be got from him in reference to the policy of the ' new dispensation.' Tho only thing palpable and real about his manifestations on the. occasion was his surprise at the un mistakeable evidence which the short discus-, j sion furnished to him that the Hbalks-i policy on the occupation licenses had taken deej) root in the popular mind, lie became more convinced than ever of the impossibi lity of the task which the new Ministry have before them, namely, that of harmonising tt»».rt»»/MimlnKlr» /liflRivmi nne ? ill' on+ Jcf\,itirr -ilin ; popular demands and the requirements of the squatters at one and the same time. And his hesitation and perplexity were commensu rate with the vivid sense of the difficulty which was brought home to his mind 011 the occasion, lie avjis fairly jjosed. He did, not know whether to 'come out' as pro- squatter or anti-squatter ; and the great master of fallacy — the delu- i sionist from Kilmore — was absent. So the j member for Saudridge was more than usually cloudy; he was prudently misty. And this is but a premonitory symptom of what is to follow when the new Ministry is fully in stalled in office. A foggy atmosphere will be mrposely created around their purposes. I Delay and postponement will be the main business in hand. Mr O'Shaxassy knows — no man indeed better — that he coidd not attempt to carry out what is expected of him by his new-found friends — the votaries of ' respectability.' He will, therefore, tem porise, and put off definite action upon every important question. Now, as on all former occasions, his will be a do-nothing policy. His object will be to evade all difficult topics. He will gladly, however, inflict a hidden blow, whenever he can safely do it, upon the political power of the masses. He will not risk one day's tenure of office for cither squatters or people. His aim will bo to keep things as nearly as possible as they now are. His wish is to make the squatters and the banking and trading interests look upon him as the one man necessary to their purposes — the great breakwater between them and the surging tide of the democracy. He means to trade on the political fears and class prejudices of these people ; and, apparently on their account, but in reality for his own selfish ends alone, to get into office as frequently, and keep in it as long, and come out of it as seldom, as possible, And he fully under stands that the way to succeed iu this pro fitable game of political thimble-rig is never earnestly to grapple with any one question of importance — to always seem ready to act, 'but never really to act — to be ever going to do, but never to do anything. That is the part which the mem ber for Kilmore has been playing hitherto, is playing now, and means to play for the future, if public opinion will let him. And the cause of his partial success heretofore in this career of trickery, is that the persons whom he joined with him, as assistants or supporters, did not see through ;his mano2u vres, and were not admitted to his full con fidence. They were only helping him to play out a game of delusion, whilst they thought they were working out a genuine course of conservative policy. Mr T)ul'fy, ?when associated with him in office before, began to get an insight into the real state of the case ; he discovered an inclination to explode the imposture ; his desire was soon detected ; he was bullied iu consequence, made a public resistance for a moment, and. then, faint-hearted as he is, knuckled under; and he is now the 'very humble servant' of the member for Kilmore. It is almost superfluous to say that a Ministry, composed in the main of elements such as these, and animated by no higher purpose than the desire of office, is but a rope of sand. It cannot last. It could not bear the strain of the course of government which would satisfy the pressing wants of the country at this juncture. Scheming, time-serving, deceitful mediocritj', such as that now invested with official jjower, is in capable of satisfying the urgent need that exists. at .the present moment for entering upon a creative policy that will serve to up lift the interests of all classes from that slough of despond into which they have been plunged by the past misrule of the very men who now again take office. Two years' tenure of office as a Minister of the Crown is popularly supposed to confer a title to a pension. And this popular error has been assiduously propagated by those who desire to convert the error into a positive truth for themselves. The exact state of the law 011 the question, then, requires to be made known, in order that Parliament and the public may be in a position to checkmate any attempt of the pension-hunting gentle men now entering office to seize unjustly upon the coveted prize. General ig noranuo of the law relating to the .snhipp.r. is flip, nnlv r*rtnnr»r» t.liov liniv* ?,ol making good their contemplated seizure ; for iu the prevailing inaccuracy of informa tion they might be able to ' make the worse 'appear the better cause.' How then does the law stand ? ' 1 The 51st clause of the Constitution statute :sets apart a sum of not more than £4000 \ a year as a fund out of which pensions shall 'j ! be payable to the retired Ministers of the ' j Crown enumeratedin Schedule D, part 3, of 1 that Act. And the ruling condition speci- j fled for these pensions is thus set forth in j the clause: — ' Provided that the amount of ' all such pensions and retiring allowances ' 'shall be granted in accordance with rcgu-j ' lations to be framed by the Governor and ' Executive Council, so that the same (that ' is the regulations) shall, so far as may be, ' accord with the provisions of the Act of ' the Parliament of Great Britain and ltd ' land passed in the session of the fourth ' and fifth years of the reign of his late 'Majesty King William. IV., intituled f ',Au Act to alter, amend, and consolidate ' 'the. laws for regulating the pension's, ? ' ' compensations and allowances to be made '.' ' to persons in respect of their having held ' ' civil offices in his Majesty's service.' ' Here three thing3 are established ; first, that there shall be a pension fund of £4000 available . for retiring allowances . tot Ministers of the Crown in Victoria;5 secondly, that these retiring allowances or' ' pensions ' shallbegrantedinaccordance with; regulations to be framed by the Governor* in Council; and thirdly that those regula tions must accord, 'so far as maybe,' with the provisions of the 4 th and 5 th' of William TV*., which arranges for the pen sions .of the Imperial Civil Service. What: then does this Act of the 4th and oth of William IV. enact and provide? It first' recites former Acts granting pensions to cer tain offices, such as the 57th of Quo. III. and the. Gth of Guo. IV., and confirms, but reduces in amount, and alters the conditions of tho several pensions enumerated. And then! it goes on to enact as follows : — ' From and ' after the passing of this Act (the 4th and ' oth of William: IV.) no pension to be ' granted to any person in respect of his 'having served in any one or more of the ' offices of First Lord of. the Treasury, or 'of one of his Majesty's principal Secre ' times' of State, or Chancellor of the Ex ' chequer, or First Lord of the Admiralty, ' &c;,' shall exceed £2000 per annum.' ?»-x ?):? ' Nor shall any such pension be 'granted to any person unless he shall have ' hdd one or more oj the said offices for a ' period of not less than two years in (fie ' whole, either uninieruptedly or at different ' times; nor shall any more or greater num.- j ' ber than four such pensions hereafter to j ' be granted, be existing or in force at the ! ' same time.' Hare the only regula tion applicable to our case, is that referring to the tenure of office giving title to a pension — namely, two years. And it sets forth the class of officers or ministers on whom two years' service will confer a title to a pension — conditions ap plicable to all claimants of pensions being subsequently set forth. A second order of pension-holders is created by clause 2; they must serve five yeah fin office, and they arc under certain conditions to be entitled to pensions of £1400 a year each. These officers are the Chief Secretary for Ireland and the Secre tary at War — two such pensions 6nly to be in force at one time. Clause 3 gives pen sions of £1200 a year each also for five years' service to another class of officers, namely, the Joint Secretaries to the Trea sury, the First Secretary of the Admiralty, and the Vice- President to the Board of Trade — four such pensions only to be in force at one time. A third order of pension-holders is created by clause 4 ; and they must serve ten years in office. Their pensions are in amount £1000 a year each, and not more than six such pensions can bo in force at one time. These officers are the Under secretaries of State, and the subordinate political heads of departments. Here arc three different orders of pen sion-holders, in any one of which the colonial Ministers -who claim pensions in this colony may be classed, as our Consti tution statute distinctly states, in the proviso of the 51st clause, which we have already quoted. The regulations of the Governor in Council on the subject must accord ' so far ' as may be' with the Imperial Act that es tablishes these three orders of pensionhold ers. On what grounds could any of our colonial Ministers claim to be ranked with the first order, or two-years service pension ers, rather than with either of the other two, which are subjected to five years' service and ten years' service, respectively? Our practice must be to accord ' so far as may be' — that is as far as circumstances admit- — with the Imperial practice. But is it possible for us to confer pensions after two years' service upon all Ministers entitled to them ? Is it iu accordance with the Imperial Act to have only one order of Ministerial pensioners, iastcad of three ; and that order subjected only to, the shortest period of service ? Would it not be equally in accordance with the Impe rial Act, if we are to have only one order of pensioners, that the third order, or tenyears service men should be our model ? Or if we arc to have Ministerial pensioners at all, is it not an evasion of the law to omit having three orders of pension holders instead of one — each having a dif ferent period of service ? Again, the Gth clause of the Imperial Act already quoted, declares that ' the principle ' of the regulations for granting allowances ' of this nature is, and ought to be, founded ' on a consideration not only of the services ' performed by tuc individual, but ot tlie ' inadequacy of his private fortune to main ' tain his station in life,' and then it directs the mode of making application for Minis terial pensions. This ajwlication must be accompanied by 'a specific statement ' that the amount of his income ' from other sources is so limited as to ' bring him within the intent and meaning ' of this Act, and the principle herein above ' declared ; and without such declaration ' no pension, as hereinbefore provided or ' authorised shall be granted.' This con dition renders the granting of pensions to retired Ministers of the Crown in England a rare exception ; for, usually the 'private ' fortune' of these gentlemen is generally tadequate 'to maintain their station in life.' Ministerial pensions do not, therefore, con stitute a burden upon the revenue. . But here in Victoria, the case is exactly the reverse. All our Ministers, with but very few exceptions, are sure to be persons who, by reason of ' the inadequacy of their pri ' vate fortune,' will come completely within ' the intent and meaning of this ' Act.' How are such claimants to be provided for ? With our frequent Minis terial changes their names will be legion, in a few short years hence. Where arc the funds to come. from, for pensioning sueh ! ' A high-placed host of bootless beggars' ? (They would soon swallow up the entire 'revenue of three millions, which we con jtrive to raise at present for all the ipurposes of State expenditure. To be sure, ! there is the condition that must be observed of having regard to ' the services per .' formed' by the claimant. Fairly inter-' 'pretcd, this would act as a perfect bar to the 'success of any claimants who have hitherto appeared as amongst the first ^pro bable applicants. But these gentlemen would be for the most part the judges in their own case, should the regulations be drawn up, as* is probable, by the present Ministry. Looking at the matter, then, from lhe actual state of the law, as well as from policy and expediency, the only possible satisfactory course to be adopted is to abolish pensions to colonial Cabinet Ministers alto gether. . 