PREMATURE BURIALS. The following article—' on the danger of burying persons apparently dead,'—originally published in La Science Pittoresque, has been PunSate(i for tho Sydney Morning Herald ra j)as Ausland, a weekly German periodical , i,;„h standing, published at Stutgart. 'About two' o'clock in the afternoon, on the I3lh of July. 1829> an apparently lifelesB body drawn up by a nook out of the water near the ijfidgc of Arts. It was that of a brown haired owerful young man, about twenty years old ; 9 !j flas cold and colorless i his countenance and j. were blown out and of a blueish hue ; a v'ellowieh clammy foam was issuing from his oouth ; the eyes wore open, fixed, and motion- e!S . his limbs were loose and dangling. The besting Q< his heart could not be felt, and there ,vas no sign of his breathing. He had been a tolerably long time under water, as the mere ,earch for his body had lasted for twenty minutes in the presence of Dr Bourgeois : tfiis physician, however, notwithstanding the sueers oftho bystanders, proceeded to try to bring back 8 to life that which was ia their eyes a mere I corpse. After a lupse of two or three hours, I (banks to the steadfast perseverance of tho doc- I (or who, although powerful and brave, was so I overcome with the exertion, that at twenty different times ho was just on the point of los m all hope, and of abandoning the attempt, — the poor unfortunate man, however, returned to Ife.' . Is this an authentic occurrence? It bears an old date ; who is the author that narrates it ? Xbo author is a distinguished physician whoso mme has a wide reputation — Mr Halma Grand. To this worthy and learned practitioner belongs (be nonor ui naving wuu uuuuggrag zeai direc ted the public attention to the danger of inter ring people too speedily. Three letters which be addressed to the editor of a provincial journal -the Orlcanais — have placed the question in a very clear light ; and they hpe been reprinted in their entirety in one of the most valuable of medical periodicals — Monitcur des Sciences Medicates. Iu short, the statement just quoted is related by Dr Bourgeois in the medical records. Now that I have named my authorities I will make a further quotation. What would have become of many a drowned person if the devoted physiciap had not remained bent over the inanimate body, if he not beld his mouth close above the icelike lips, if be had not been, so to speak, all eye and ear to release the first movement, the first rustling of tbe heart, and if those present had not, ub so often happens, given up the drowned person as dead after half an hour's exertions ? The un fortunate creatures would in that case, have been put into the grave although they might have been brought to life.' Thus far ns relates to drowned people j we proceed to speak of those'who are in a deathlike' date of asphyxia. 'At the farther end of a large grocery ware house, upon a low aud damp ground, a narrow, insecure partition had been put up, within ahich there slept a warehouse clerk, who was stationed there to look after the premises 'at night, and who usually opened the warehouse at 4 o'clock in the morning. On the 15th of January, 1825, double knocks were heard at the door of the grocer, who, bearing no one moving in his warehouse, quickly gets up, and, angry at the laziness of his clerk, and in order to administer a rebuke to bim, enters the chamber in which tho man is sleeping. He hdibim in bed, motionless and unconcious, End quite insensible. The idea of sudden death ibrms him. With all speed he sends for a yi/sician. The doctor conjectures that fatal nffocation had been caused by a mephitic vapour. His impression is corroborated by observing an extinguished night lamp safely placed, but not supplied with its proper ingre dients, and ah iron pan, in which were some coals that had been nearly reduced to ashes, Immediately he directs that, in spite of the Severely cold weather, the unfortunate man is to be taken to the . middle. of the yard and to be placed upright upon a chair. The limbs of the man are still loose, and hang down; his pupils are immoveable ; he shows no sign of breathing by the pulsation of cither heart or arteries ; he has no feeliDg, and bears all the marks of a dead man. The efforts made for the purpose of restoring consciousness are con tinued for a long time without any result. At length, about three o'clock in the afternoon, after incessant attention, a dull sound of breath ing is heard in the direction of tbe heart, and a few hours later the patient again opens his eyes, returns to consciousness, and is able to converse with those wl;o had been gathered around him by the report of his wonderful res toration.' A man is not therefore to be pronounced dead because he shows all the characteristics of asphyxia, nur because be has been for a certain time under tbe water. How terrible 1b the thought that a body which it is intended to abandon iB possibly not a corpse — death being apparent only — and that a skilful and persever ing man might bring it to life. It is nlready well known how much care must be bestowed upon drowned or suffocated peo- pie, before hope dare be entertained of their recovery. Mr Halma Grand considers that the exertions to rescue from actual death per sons attacked with the cholera, ought to be no less indefatigable. Tho names of two eminent authorities may aleo be added : the learned medical professor, Du Londe (of the Academy of Medicine), and Dr. Trachez, formerly hos- 111 tthwefniim in Ct nnnli'iiriv wlin Wlln T.nnfiP. nud Gaymord, were very succossful at the time of the first introduction of tho cholera into Tulnnd. Dr. Trachez had observed during the diseec-' tioq of a body in the dead room at the Baga telle Ilospitnl.at Warsaw, . another' body, that' of a lady filty years of age, who, after two days'1 suffering, had died ; the eyes were bright' and- very lively, and the joints flexible; the whole of the surface of the body was, however, cold, a'd,it exhibited the following phenomenon : — ' The' lady was laid upon the floor of the theatre; her heels were put obput an inch opart from one another, and tbe points of the toes were turned outwards. Tho point of the left foot moved perceptibly inwards uud tlteu resumed its former position ; and this- movement was renewed fen or twelve times iu the course of an hour. Thereupon the right, fout partook of the same motion, but very gently, and afterwards tho left great toe commenced a succession of alternately curving and stretching movements. Dr Trachez drew the attention of Mr Searle, an English doctor who held an appointment in the Bagatelle Hospital, to this phenomenon, Mr. Searle had, as he said, often obsorved it. f he lady Was, however, allowed to remain iu the theatre, and from thence she was. committed 1(1 the earth. M. Kobler . and Beveral other physicians assured M. Trachez that they had witnessed similar occurrences. These being well attested matters of fact, M. Trachez pro ceeds to say that there Ib good reason to suppose that many persons who have been atta eked by cholera have been buried alive. . Shall I relate one more circumstance, which produced great terror in the town of La 'Roche m the Department of Yonne ? A lady had lost all the members of her family by cholera, and was at ength herself attacked by it; she is believed to be dead, but Bhe is only apparently . ' At the moment when the undertaker's assistant is about to perform ber sad office of wrapping up the body, sho hears a slight orentbiilg in tbe brenst of the supposed corpse, which thereupon opens its eyes, and, with frightened voice, calls out to the womBn, 'what are yOU doing hero ? See, I am not yet dead !' (.An occurrence testified to by Dr Veyrat, phy sician to' the Bathing Establishment nt Aix in oavoy.) 1 might pause hero ; but I must not do so! We ought to afford some elucidation of the danger, if we would avoid it. I can anticipate; an objection that may be raised ; these unfor tunate cholera-stricken; suffocated, or drowned persons, who might be brought back to life by timely assistance, would not have been awakened in their coffin ; the apparently dead would-have become really dead without coming to nny consciousness of their living burial, without experiencing the terrors of a, second death struggle. I will admit tho objection as proved but, nevertheless, there remains to the relatives of the deceased this frightful doubt, this har rowing reflection — 1 two hours' exertion might have restored him.' Let us proceed a step further in our enquiries into these subjects. We may mention the case of a lady, who, after being buried, tore off her winding sheet, and rose up out of the grave. VOlinp1 frrnllfltvnmon flm RnnAn a«n « f a \--w --"o — bub uftiufjcbd ui iirill- feld, had arranged for her confinement to take place in tbe country house of her father, a wealthy ironfounder at Bystadt. Exhausted by her labours, she sank under the pain before the accouchement was finished. In the mean while she wa3 to all appearance lifelese. No one could detect that her condition was only a temporary fainting, accompanied with insen sibility. She was pronounced to be dead, and buried in a family vault under tho principal altar of the church. As the sexton returns home at night, he hears, db he passes by the church, sighing and wailing, apparently coming up out of the earth. He is horror struck, and believes he .hears a ghost. He rushs off and relates his adven ture to his companions. The most courageous of them venture to the spot, from whence the cries proceed ; they hear the words, uttered with a weak voice, ' O, God ! mercy ! mercy !' Not ono of them has the courage to enter the church. A sudden terror compejs them : to flight, convinced that what they had heard was the cry of some wandering spirit who - needed their intercessions.' As on the following day the sexton' entered the church, a horrible sight presented itself a lady who had died in- giving birth to n child was swimming in her blood, and holding a dead child in her arma. The unhappy young lady had recovered her consciousness in the coffin. By tbe discovery, and by the return of consci ousness, the pains of labour were renewed. In her doubt as to where she was, she Had the strength to push open the cover of her coffin and to come up out of the vault. .Her cries were heard by the stupid inhabitants of the village. She was helpless, and died within a short distance of her father's mansion. This occurrence, which is . quoted, by Mr. Halma Grand, is related by Dr Macmiiian Kauffman, in a work upon premature iriter- mente. I havo only abridged the account. A similar, hut leas dramatic narrative (as the per son was rescued), is related in a work by the physician Rigandeaux. Towards the end of tbe last half century, at Douay, a lady who was supposed to have died in tho pains of childbirth and who had been wrapped in burial clothes, was, together with her child, brought back to life. Is it sufficient answer to say that this took place a very long time ago, or that Bystadt is ,very far from Paris ? The following is one of the last of Mr Haimn Grand's collection of occurrences : — ' On the 7th of August, 1857, about the middle of tbe day, the body of a man was brought into the Morgue, who, as he was going over the Pont St. Michel, which at that time was being repaired, suddenly tell down dead. A doctor who found himself amongst the crowd that surrounded the dead man, approached near and examined him, and then walked away, observing — ' it is an apo- pleptic stroke.' ; 1 In the Morgue the body was again examined. It was cold and bore all the marks of death from congestion of the brain. People rummaged about |his clothes, but they could not find anything which bore his.name or address. The uttendants shrouded the body and laid it upon a slab selected for the purpose, in order that the public exhibition ol the body might lead to its recognition. ' After, the attendants had finished their work, they retired in order to open the doors of the in stitution to the number of persons waiting outside when one of them said to another — ' It seems to me that the dead man has just moved one of his eyes.' And in trnth when they looked they saw the right eye of the man quite open and full of living expression ; he thereupon shut it suddenly, and opened tbe left eye ; then repeatedly both eyes opened and shut alternately ; they remained ut length quite opeD, and their imploring expres sion seemed to say— '.I am alive.' One of tne attendants approached and leaned over tho body, and endeavoured to ascertain if there was really any action in tho lungs. Suddenly the right arm of tbe body stretched out and seized tbe arm of the attendant, and held him so fast in the grasp that it wob with difficulty that he could release himself. ' There could be no further doubt as to tbe mnn'u linimr nt il 1 nliv#»? an. immerlintclv thov car ried him away, brought him into the saloon, and rubbed him. In a few minutes his limbs lose their Btiifu'ess and return to their functions'; tho voice of the supposed dead man comes again, he speaks and explains that he is subject to epileptic tits of. numbness, during which lie has a thorough con sciousness df what is going on'nround him.. As is well kpown, this complaint imparls to the muscu lar system us.it were a convulsive Stiffness, and gives to the person who suffers from it the com plete appearance of a corpse. 'A few minutes later the resuscitated man departed in full health from tho Morgue and ascended a waggon that was near, in order to gra tify the curiosity of tbe astonished people.' No man is certain that ho will not fall into the water, that suffcatiou will not happen to bim, tbnt ho will remain free from cholern, or that epilepsy or some other serious ailment may not befal him. No uian is, therefore, certain that he mav not be interred whilo still liyiug, or at any rate in apparently dead state, given over to actual death beyond the reach of help, In the cases both of swooning and of catalepsy, the buried man wakes up and has the conscious ness of his condition. I wijl not attempt to picture the physical and mental tortures, of the unhappy man, for whom the misfortune of coming to this terrible end, thin death struggle in the coffin is destined. I will not call up the fancies and the ironies relating to ouother world which arc pn-slng bcl'qre my mind. Dante only could realise such desperation; To one who is awakened m bo close an almou- pherc as that of an earth covered coffip,' life can not by of a very long duration. But it is ot little cpucern how long the terrible struggle lasts. Such a peril must, at cost, be avoided. The work of the learned physician to whom wc have referred was written solely aud entirely with n -"uT V "ro'cc' 'l10 public against the danger liable from oVer hasty interments. Is this danger one to which wc are exposed ? M. Ilalina Grand appears to believe so, and according to him fre quent prematura interments take place as the deplorable consequence of the practice adopted by many country doctors of readily accepting what are supposed to be signs of death without taking the piecaution of satisfying themselves that death has taken place, and of having the body laid out too soon after the last breath. Very judicious regulations have been laid down for guiding the conduct of the relatives of a dead person These ar however, cither very little known or ore not sufficiently attonded to. _ A corpse should be left in bed in the position in which it was during the last moments of life. A doctor should certify to death, but he should not do this till the signs of death hayo began to show themselves. The swathing of the body, the embalming, and the hearsing should not take place till twenty-four hours after the departure of life has been certified to. Upon that point the eminent physician of Orleans says—' When I am called in to certify to a death I do not find the body in the same position as when the last breath was drawn. Scarcely is a person dead before those who watch at his bedside seize hold of him, wind him up in linen, and immediately Bew him, his' heart yet heating, because they say, if they do not do that the body would be stiff, and because, in order to wrap him up well, they must do it while he is worm.' But for this revolting precipitancy becoming so universally prevalent, the possibility of the dan ger of burial alive would not need to be mentioned and this consideration justifies the allusion to bo important a matter, that thereby the danger in question may be thoroughly avoided.' Tub Household or thi: Late Duciiess or Kent. — The "Court Journal" says: — The. statement respecting tho provision the late Duchess of Kent made for her servants is not quite exact. lYe believe the sum invested by the Duchess, with its accumulation, was £4000, and that the Queen has added £1000 to it. The day before the funeral of her late Royal Highness, the whote of the household of the deceased Duchess wero summoned to a large room in Frogmore House, and, in the Queen's presence, a gentleman of her Majesty's and the Prince Consort's Household read to them a paper drawn up by the Queen herself, in which the intentions of the late Duchess and of her Majesty were expressed. Some months back, on the death oi the Dowager Countess of Elgin, we informed our readers the Duchess of Kent had intimated to Lady Augusta Brnce, (ihc daughter of the Count eW) one of her lioyal HjgbnesB s Ladies in Waiting, that, for the future, her home should be permanent at Frogmore. Since death has deprived her of parental care and protection, those kind intentions of the Duchess towards Ludy Augusta have been most graciously carried cut by the Queen, who has at once appointed her ladyship to a permanent residential office in' her own household. Lord James Murray, too, who has ju-t commenced fulfiiliog tbe dutieB so ably performed by the late Sir George Coiiper, as Comptroller of the late Duchess's household, has been appointed an extra Groom to the Queen. Two of the Dlichess's Pages have been placed at once on the royal establishment, in a similar capacity ; a personal female attendant of her Royal Highness has been appointed to an office of trust at Osburne -, and the Housekeeper of the Duchess has been taken into her Majesty's service in a similar capacity, and is to continue in charge of Clarence HouBe. These are the arrangements that have already been made; and there is little doubt the same kind and gracious leeling will perrade in any other that may follow. At the East Devon Volunteer prize meeting, the first shot was fired by Mrs Newman, wile of a lieutenant of the 8th, who resides at T'raeey, close by. She was accompanied by the lady of Colonel Ord A centre was cried, which was nothing to boast of, for her, atl 50 'yards— couBiaering-iMio- Ncwman can generally icoro four points out of .five at a range of C00 yards. Poor Crinoline. — The latest hit at crino line has occurred at Edzell, near Montrose. Some ladies and gentlemen went out fishing, and entered into a friendly rivalry—a heavyish bet on one sidq, a trifle" on the. other— as to 'who would basket most fish. They were to meet in fbur hours. The day was unpropitious ; the gentlemen could not get a . bite, though they saw whacking trout lying in the deeps, winking knowingly at them. The ladies wqrc as badly off, as a matter of course, and equally tantalized by seeing the monsters of the deep, and fearing they Bhould lose the bet. What was to be done ? . ' Oh, if we had but a good sized net. wouldn't we — 1 -But where to get it ? — they were ten miles from. a town. The most wicked amongst' them was suddenly peized with nn idea — her crinoline. ' Would they keep the secret ? The conspiracy - was en-, tered into. The triumph was great ; the young whales of trout were, by this new piscatorial machine, at the end of . ,two 1 rodsf — in idea worthy of the inventive geuius ofa Stephenson — Buon taken flora their depths,' and fifty pounds weight against an empty basket was the triumph oftho genius of woman over man. Unfortunately, however, the' conspiracy was pot well kept.; the secret was let out, ahd.the! laugh turned heartily against that old .sinner crinoline. . " An extraordinary crime has ; been -com mitted in the village of Saint Trinit, depart ment of the VaucluBe, -in' France; Some time back the neighbours ofa married couple named Const antin, hearing the woman cry 6ut ' Jlelp ! help 1' in a tone of great anguish, entered the house. To their astonishment, they found Constantin lying dead in bed, with a deep wound in his throat, and the woman iwith three woupds in hers, from which blood was flowing rapidly ; she ex claimed faintly, 1 It was Mathien who did it.' Medical assistance was immediately procured for her, but only slight hopes are entertained of his recovery, From wnnt she was able to state, it appears that in the night sho was awakened by, a strange sensa tion in the throat, and found that a young man named Mathieu, who had been in her husband's service as shepherd, had stabbed her with a largo knife, and before she could rise gave her two other stabs ; after which' he plunged his knife into her husband's throat, who was fast asleep by her aide, causing instantaneous death. To this tlio children of tho couplo added that, having been awakened by their mother's cries, tliey perceived MnMiiru towards their room with a bloody knife in his baud, apd that they in terror closed the door, and bar ricaded it with a stack of corn. That this statement was true was clear, from tho fact that there wero maris of blood about the haudle of the door, which showed that an attempt had been made to open, the door by a blood stained hand. As to Mathieu's rea son for the crime it appears it was this : lie all at. once expressed a determination to leave the service of Constantin, hut the latter objected to his going without notice aiid at a moment when ho had great need of hjin. The young man, however, persisted in leaving, and Constantin retained 12 francs oftho wages due to him. 'Ah,' he said, these twelve francs will cost you dear.' The murderer, who is not yet 18 years of ' age, hag been arrested. A Peculiar Triumph. — Cuthbcrt fait at laat that (he stroke of death was upon him, and tho clerks of the cathedral were summoned to. the bedside of their archbishop. They came pre pared, as usual when he could not attend the publio worship, to chant the psalms of the day, and to read the comfortable words of Scripture. He then confided to the whole body the plan of proceeding, whioli ho had -before devised, to give the cathedral a triumph over the insolent Aitgus- tinians. The grateful- canons, clerks, niul servants, adhered strictly to his injunctions. A mysterious silence was kept as to the archbishop's state of health. It was known that he was ill, but whether the illness was to be unto death no one waB prepared to say. At length tho cathedral bell was heard to give out its solemn sound. It was supposed to be the passing bell, nnd many a devout knee was bent in private, and many n prayer uttered for the soul of tho spiritual father, who was now passing to his ac-. cquut. When, at last, the knell sounded, the' monks of St. Augustine's, with solemn step and slow, paced through the city to hear the body of. the archbishop to the monastery, until, arrived at the archbishop's palace, tbey were received by the cathedral party with shouts of ridicule and' triumph. The archbishop had been carefully laid in tlie grave prepared for him in the cathedral tlnee days before the bell announced his death. His chapter had borno him to his last home at, midnight. They were watching at his grave- when the cathedral bell at last gave sound. It started their consciences ; they almost felt at first as if they had been guilty of a crime, but the feeling was momentary, and in the deep tone of the bell they heard their triumph proclaimed. Tho Augustinians returned to their monastery to give vont to their feelings of indignation at the vqlpine policy, as they called it, of tho late archbishop, who had long cherished, in the words ' of their chronicler, " in biB treacherous bosom, a scheme most deadly, seruentine. and even mafri- cidal." They menaced, they remonstrated, they protested, but it was in vain, the cathedral, with one exception, was henceforth to be, during the Anglo- Saxon period, the burial place of the Archbishops of Canterbury. — " Lives of the Archbishops of Canterbury." By Walter Far- quhar Hook, D.D, Drake. — lie was a small man, apparently forty five years of age, of a fair but somewhat weather stained complexion, with, light brown, closely curling hair, an expansivo forehead, a clear blue eye, rather common place features, a 'thin brown, pointed beard, and a slight moustache- Thobgh low in stature, he was broad chested, with well knit limbs. His hands,, which were small and nervous, were brown nnd callous with the marks of toil. There was something in his brow and glance not to be mistaken, and which men willingly call master ; yet he did not seem sprung of tbe magnates of the earth. He wore a heavy gold chain about his neck, and it might be observed that upon the light full sleeves of his slashed doublet the image of a small ship on a terrestrial globe was curiously and many times embroidered. It was not the first time that he had visited the Netherlands. Thirty yearo before the man had been apprenticed on board a small lugger, which traded between the English cpast and the ports of Iceland. Emerging in early boyhood from his parental mansion — an old boat, turned bottom upwards on a sandy down — he had naturally taken to the sea, and his master, dying childless not long afterwards, bequeathed to him the lugger. But in time his spirit, too much confined by coasting in the narrow seas, had taken a bolder flight. He had risked his hard earned savings in a voyage with the old slave trader, John Hawkins, whose exertions, in what was then considered an honorable and useiul vocation, bad been rewarded by Queen Elizabeth with her special favor, and with a coat of arms, the crest whereof was a negro's head, proper, chained ; but the' lad's first and last enterprise in this field was unfortunate. Captured by Spaniards, . and only escaping with his life,, lie determined to revenge himself on the whole Spanish nation.; and this was considered a most legitimate proceeding' according to .the "sea -aivtmty— ln-vrcitcmieiisa-Deeii-scHoolear" His subsequent .expeditions against the Spanish possessions in the West Indies were eminently successful, and soon the name" of -Francis Drake rang through the world, and startled Philip in the depths of his Escurial. The first Englishman, and the second of any nation, he then, ploughed his memorable " furrow round the earth," carry ing amazement and destruction to the - Spaniards as he sailed, and after three years brought to the Queen treasure enough, as it was asserted, to maintain a war with a Spanish king for seven years, and to pay himself and companions, arid the merchaBt-adventurers.who had participated in his enterprise, forty seven pounds sterling for each pound invested on the voyage. Tne speculation had been a fortunate one both for himself and for 'the kingdom. The terrible sea king was one of the great types of the sixteenth century. The self helpidg private adventurer, in his little vessel, the Golden Hind, one hundred tons burden, had waged'successful war against a mighty empire, and had shown England how to humble Philip. When he again set foot on his native soil he was followed by admiring crowds, and became the favorite hero of romance aud ballad ; fur it was not the ignoble pursuit of gold alone, through toil and peril, which liad.endearcd his name to the nation. The popular instinct recognised that the true means been found at last for rescuing England and Protestantism from tho overshadowing empire .of - Spain. : The Queen visited him in 'his " Golden ,j Hind," and gave him the honor of 'knighthood. — " History of the United Netherlands ! By Tohn L. Motley, D.C.L. : . j - . t > Elizabeth — - d?he " daughter of debate,", -had at last brought herself, it was supposed, within the letter of the law, and how began those odious scenes of hypocrisy on the part of Elizabeth, that frightiul comedy — more melancholy than the solemn tragedy which it preceded and followed — which' must ever remain the darkest passage in the history i f the Queen. It is unnecessary, in these pages, to make more than a passing allusion to ,. tbe condemnation and death of the Queen of Scots. Who doubts her participation in the Babington conspiracy ? Who doubtB that she was the centre of one endicss conspiracy by S(iain and Rome against the throne and life of' Elizabeth ? Who doubts that her long imprison ment in England was a violation of all law, all justice, all humanity? Who iloubtB that the fining, M.Vitn.ii.in. ....A ,i: 1.. 11! tuivun-ug, liuugiug, uuu uisumuuwciiiug of men, woman, and children, guilty of no other crime than adhesion to tho Catholic iaill), had assisted tho Pope and Philip, and iheir baud of English, Scotch, and Irish conspirators, to shake Elizabeth's throne and endanger her life ? Who doubts that, bad the , English sovereign been capable of conceiving the great thought' of religious toleration, her reign would have hecn more glorious than it was, the cause of Protest antism and freedom more triumphaut, the name of Elizabeth -Tudor dearer to human hearts? Yet who doubts that there were many enlightened and noble spirits among her Protestant subjects who lifted up their voices, over and over again, in Parliament and out of it, to denounce that wicked persecution exercised upon their innocent Catholic brethren, which was fast converting loyal Englishmen, against their will, into traitors and conspirators ? Yet who doubts that it would have required, ut oxactly that moment, and in the midst of that crisis, more elevation of soul than could fairly be predicated of any individual, ior Elizabeth, in 1587, to pardon Mary, or to relax in the severity of her legislation towards English papistB? — " History of the United Netherlands." By John 'Lothrop Motley, D.C.L. 1 i The Sicilians retain, with undimished tenacity, the fondness for litigation for which they were noted in the time of Cicero, and as the lawyers, unlike the physicians, in the island, are not required to exhibit testimonials ol their capacity and attainments, there is a great number of the legal fraternity who are thus allowed to foment disputes uud defeat the ends of justice by their ignorance, if . not venality. In Palermo alone there were said to be, hall a century ago, 4,000 advocates, solicitors, notaries, clerks, &c.; Aq account says:— "There is no person of .the most, moderate income who docs not_ find it necessary; regularly to pay an annual retaining fee to one or- more solicitors.'' " , Mr. Gladstone, a short time ago, consulted Sir Henry Janice on the possibility of copying our ancient records by means, of h|s process of photo zincography. A small deed of tlio date of Edward the- First was copied and printed, with so much success, and at so trilling nn expense, that Lord Herbert of Lcn, tho Secretary at War, ordered the- impressions to be bound up with the yearly Report on tho Ordnance Survey. Thus encou raged, Sir Henry James got permission from the Lords of the Treasury to copy that part of the Domesday Book which relates to Cornwall, as an experiment. He has now achieved tliis commis sion, with a result which should certainly encourage the further prosecution of the design, county by county, as nppcars fo have been originally proposed by hint. . Inland Expedition through China. — Tho following extract, -from the letter of an officer commanding n despatch boat in China, and dated Shanghai, February 4, refers to an interesting expedition, which will take ils rise from the opening cruise ot Admiral Hope into the Yang tsc " An exploring party has been formed here composed of Dr. Boston, Major Sorrell (Staff), and Captain Blakiston, -R. A., who purpose travelling through China aud across the Hima iayas far west, and down the Ganges to Calcutta. The Admiral lias placed a vessel at their disposal, and they will accompany ns as far ss we go up the river. They expect the journey will occupy nine monihs to accomplish, and it will doubtless' be fraught with some dangers and many adventures, but far men with great endurance it will never theless prove a most ioterestiug trip. I know them all well, and I doubt if litter hearts could be found to undertake such n perilous campaign." The Armv. — No man of sense has, in our days, or in the daya of our fathers, seriously ; maintained that our island could be safe without an army. And, even if pur island were perfectly secure from attack, an army would still be indis- ; pensably necessary to us. The growth of the empire has left us no choice. The regions which we have colonised or conquered since the accession of the House of Hanover contain a population exceeding twenty fold that which the House of Stuart governed. There are now more English soldiers on the other side of tlio tropic of Cancer in time of peace than Cromwell had under his command in time of war. All the troops of Charles II. would not have been sufficient to garrison the posts which' we now occupy in the Mediterranean Sea alone. The regiments which detend the remote dependencies of the Crown caunot be duly 'recruited aDd relieved, unless a force far larger than that which James collected in the camp at Hounslow for tbe purpose of over awing his capital be constantly kept up within the kingdom. The old national antipathy to permanent military establishments,, an antipathy which was once reasonable nnd salutary, but which lasted some time after it had become unreasonable and noxious, has gradually yielded to the irresistible force of circumstances. We have made the discovery that an army may be so constituted as to be in the highest decree efficient against an enemy, and yet obsequious to the civil magistrate. We havo long censed to apprehend daDger to law and to freedom from the license of troops, and from the ambition of victorious generals. An alarmist who should now talk such language as was common five generations ago, who should call for the entire disbanding of the land force of the realm, and who should gravely depict that the warriors of -Iukermann and Delhi would depose the Queen, dissolve the Parliament, and plunder tbe bank, would be regarded as fit only for a cell in St. Luke's." — " Macaulay's History of Englaud," Vol 10. Tub Russian Censorship. — With a prepara tion of gutta percha and powdered glass the censor will cleanse and purify tbe " Times " of a paragraph, or "Punch" of a joke, in so neat a manner, that not a vestige of printer's ink shall remain, nor even the slightest trace of the process .by- whinh.. it hns.. heen- mada- -to— dUappoar A journtil which has thus been rubbed into propriety :by the Moscow censorship has also a certain Tesctnblance.to an illustrated paper, but to one that is yet waiting for its illustrations. Can our .readers imagine a proof of one of these sheets before the wood blocks have been inserted in tlie i" forth/' all type, except in a few places wheie the engravings are to appear, and where for. the present nothing but white paper is .seen ? Such is the exact appearance of an English newspaper after it has passed through the hands of the Moscow censorship. — " The Russians at I-Iome." By Sutherland Edwards. According to the London correspondent of the Fieneh " Moniteur," English geologists have discovered that there is only coal enough in England to last' for twenty live years, and when that is consumed, our fires and; our national supremacy will be extinguished. Is not ' this awful? There has been a riot at the city ot Pisa in consequence of the forcible abduction-of a peasant's child, which was being carried to the Church of the Evangelical Christians to be baptized according to the Waldensian rite. Some Roman Catholics soized the horse, and dragged the carriage Jo the cathedral, and had the child baptised there. They, then attacked the Wal- denscs, barricaded in their church, and the national guard was turned out, the police being finable to subdue tbe riot without their aid, < Mrs. Wilson, wife of Captain Le Ilunte Wilson, a gentleman of considerable wealth, residing at Mincbinhampton, Gloucestershire, has been committed for trial on a charge of palming off her sister's infant sou as her own. child— her alleged intention being to obtain for the child the property which, in tbe event of Captain Wilson dying without issue, would pass to that gehtlcman'B brother. Mrs. Wilsou, it appears, was a person far beneath her husband in social . rank ; indeed, her sister — the alleged mother of the Bpurious " son and heir", >vas the wife of Captain .Wilson's epachman.;., ... , . ' . - . '' I A French View of oub Census.— To- day England commences' her sixth census since the beginning of the century. This morning every family received a printed ' Bbeet, divided into columns for the reception of answers to the Commissioner's: questions. We don't know hoiv long a similar operation would take in A' ranee, due in Jingiana, Detore tne end ol the week, the results of all' the censiiB papers will be summed up, tabulated, and published throughout the, three kingdoms. There is every reason to belieVe that England will be proud ot this inventory, of her strength aud her progress, for we' are assui-ed that it will prove that lier population has almost doubled in the first half of the-- century, in spite of incessant emigration W the new world. It is, indisputuble that such prodigious prosperity and increase are due to the superiority of her institutions, to the great principle of liberty which is tlie foundation of the English Government, the most favourable to the de velopment both of individuals' and of'natipns. The ' Freeman's Journal ' says that in con sequence of the extremely peaceable condition of every part of Ireland, in which the military have been only acting for a long time past as an armed police, it is the intention of the War Office to reduce the troops stationed in that country by at least one third of their present number. A daring and ingenious attempt has been made to rob the New York Exchange Bank, situated at the corner of Greenwich and Dey streets. The thieves actually dug a tunnel under the foundation to the length of seventy feet. They succeeded in gniniug access to the vault, but the safe within this resisted all their attempts, and they wero forced to give up the job in disgust, 