ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of tlie Advertiser. THE WINNERS OF THE THREE DAYS RACES. SIR,—It has been the invariable custom of some clarrvoyant correspondent or other to prognosticate the result of the three dayB racing which on ordinary occasions take place and the winners of the various races, but it must indeed be a bold man who would venture io predict the winner of the Tasmanisn Champion Sweepbtakes and not only the winner, hut the three horses to be placed after him, also the horses to be placed for the remainder of the raceB of tbe whole three d^ye, but bold and presumptuous as the task may be I will not shrink from coming forward and naming them with tbeir positions for tbe various races. Firstly, then on the programme appears the Town Piste for which ten horses are entered. This race will be a very sharp one and the p°ce will be clipping, I would have little hesitation in placing Attilla as the first horse wete it not that he will only arrive on the morning or perhaps after noon of this day (Monday) the very day preceding the race, I must therefore reluctantly substitute Yabberty for him, who I believe will win the race, with Forest Deer for the second horse and Saucy Dick if in condition as the third 7 he next raoe is the Great Race of the meet, viz the Chamtiion Sweepstakes, and to use a well known sporting characters phrase it will be the most desperate race ever run in the southern hemisphere. For this race thirteen bave deelartd to Stan and every horse appears to be in good condition. I cannot Burely be accused of pr<j tdire when I name MERHIMAN (if in condition) as th« winner of the race with Tallyrand second and Panic nr Ben Bolt (I prtfer the former) third, I ehould have placed Mormon fourth, but I believe he is not entirely recovered from his stiffness, so that I place Kyogli- as the fourth and Shelelai/h as th-; fit':h hor°e, but there will be a cloBe contest up to the very[last,< and I be'.ieve Promised Land W'il shew well in the race. If the borBeB are not placed as I have named them, an outsider will win the race The Spring Hurdle Race I shall give to Randall with Prince close on his heels and Will If-I-Can third. For ths Celling Stakes there are fen entries and 1 believe they will all come to tbe scratch. This race will be a puzzler, but I prcli-r Mr Blackwell's Melton for tbe first place, Temperance second and Victoria third. For the second day the first r(ce is tbe Maiden Plats which has eight entri'F. This rane I think will b- won by Top y with Bojally sreond and Butterfly thi d. The nex' race is the Ail Age Stages with twenty-onr entries. This race wiil be a far finer one than the Champion 6tak e, although I d > not believe more than fonrte n will etart for it. It will be ve y difficult to nsmn the winner, for that will dmeud on the hi ne that wins the rhamj ion Raoe and how othars are plaoed. If " Sir Hercules" would run 'rue I Bhould name him to win (if he starts), but I will name Ben Holt as first, F> reet !) •• eeemd, Mormon third. If neither Ben Bolt nor Mormon starts 1 Kive iInformer place to Merriman and the latter to Charles the XII. The Ladiee Plate text app am with five en'ries. I Rive this race to PreBto if he rune true which 1 doubt, if not the Lady ot the Lake will take it with Shadow second. For <he Shorts tbere are six entries; if Presto and the Lady run in thp previous race (thty being entered also in this recu) I will give it to Temperance with Zne second, if Joot eith- r Presto or the Lady of the Lake (if (they have not run) will win the race >i'h Temperance second horse. The third day tpens with the Tradenmens Pu-Be for which nine horseB are entired ; I fi»r>cy Sh^lelagh for this race with ei'her Yabberty or Talleyrand (if he runs at all) seeona. The Tasmanian Handicap with only seven entries I give to Panic aB the first, Hen Bolt as the second, and Talleyrand (if he does not run in the former race) as the third horse, if he doeB I gi~e Mormon his pfa'e. The Pablioan's Purse comps next'on the programme, this will be a fine race, there are fifteen horses entered, and of these I think abont ten will come to the post. If Mormo i be reserved for this race I will place him as t he- first horse, if not, I give it to my favourite TopBy.wHi Ma:ie second and Presto third. The rrmainiug races being poBt entries 1 ot course cannot nMM the winners, but in the whole of the raoes after the Champion Race the difficulty in naming winners must be obvious, for many of the houses will not etart, other may - break down, or balf-a-dc zen oth r accidents may e happen, but I would not be surpriaed if I turned ont a reasonably fair clairvoyant l after all. Next week I will review my prognostications and see whether I do Dot deserve some little credit for my original ideas which I know differ with thcee of the knowing oner. And remain your obediently, Nov. 30. BLINK BONKY'S GHOST. 