PALMERSTON ON THE WANE. (From the Liverpool Albion.) LONDON, April C. IN tho new ante-Eve-angel io Adam Bede novel of Silas Marner, one of the chief incidents turns, or might could would or should have turned, only it doesn't, upon tho discovery of a pedlar, whom nobody knew, wearing a pair of earrings which nobody saw. The pedlar isn't discovered, nor the earrings either. Tho nearest approach to the establishment of even the existence of the pendu- lous ornaments is furnished by the hypothesis of a bystander, that as the pedlar had earrings in his box to sell, it was but nutural that he should have them also where they aro usually worn for per ' sonal adornment, a conjecture which the crowd deems conclusive. Nobody, says the author, having any distinct image of the pedlar without earrings, everybody immediately had a distinct image of him with earrings, larger or smaller, as the case might be ; and the image was presently taken for a vivid recollection ; so that the glazier's wife, a well- intentioned woman, not given to lying, and whose house was among tho cleanest in the village, was ready to declare, as sure as ever she meant to take the sacrament, tho very next Christ- mas that was ever coming, that she had seen big earrings, in the shape of the young moon, in the pedlar's two ears ; while Jinny Oates, the cobbler's daughter, being a more imaginative person, sta- ted not only thatjsho had seen them too, but that they made her blood creep, as it did at that very moment while there Bhe stood. Some disappoint- ment was felt, and a little indignation also, when it became known that Silas Marner, [the only person really interested in the matter, or whose testimony was worth a farthing,] on being ques- tioned, had no other recollection of the pedlar, than that he had called at his house, but had not entered, having turned away at once when told that Silas wanted nothing. Ther e's an excruciatingly accurate type of the reasoning process whereby the highly-cultivated ig ' norance of the British nation setsup its premises and works out its inferences. Something unintelligi- ble occurs; thereupon something impossible is imagined to explain it ; and everything that will assist the explanation is improvised out of hand forthwith ; while a recommendation not to be pre- cipitate in jumping to conclusions, much leas a proof positive ot the folly of so doing, is received as a public outrage and resented as a private in- jury. Thus it was during the Indian mutiny, when the faintest suggestion that the hyperbolical heca- tombs set forth in the Shaftesburyean superlatives, might possibly be a little overcolourcd, subjected the mildest of remonstrants to the accusation of having a fellow-feeling with Bengal tigers, and a pecuniary interest in the health of Nana Sahib. So with the lorcha Arrow business. To imply a sus- picion that Bowling was not a Solomon on that point was to become a participant in the odium of Yen's homicide of 70,000 human beings per arinnrn, or per diem, it veas all tbe same which ; nobody cared, and it wasn't worth while for a Christian nation so enamoured as ours * of scrip- tural statistics, and which insists on monthly arithmetical details of everything it eats, drinks, and avoids, to stop to enquire about the whole ! sale or retail enormity of an " insolent barbarian" whom we were going to zhake war upon, while professing most philanthropic predilections. In- stances of the like kind might be multiplied inde- finitely. Ore of the latest is the familiar one, that whoever fails to see an ardent friend of pro- gress in the old panegyrist of Peterloo and new Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports mast be a super-Spoonereanjtory, andi that it is sacriligeous not tb look with confidence to the far distant as well as present prosperity of England under the di- rection of a man now in bis 77th year, and the well-foundedness of British faith in whom is exemplified by the fact that every* other public man living has, at one time or other, dec'áred it impossible to trust him. So also has tbe highest personage in the realm,- in - a. manner more im- pressive than'the opinion of a Sovereign was ever , conveyed to BUbjpct, at lease since ene JU Hill specific has been deemed too short a cu the clearing up of monarchic and ministerial r understandings. There are symptoms, ho wei that this intolerance of disbelief in tho divinity the mud-god is".on the' wane.- Much disencha ment continues to supervene on the rec spectacle, vouched for by sixty of tbe most c siderable and non- factious Members of Parliam of a Knight of the Garter manipulating a d< man's manuscripts in order to give colourable p text for that sacrifico of Eritieh subjects agni: which he had protested with the vehemence despair, and with the prescience of tho impendi death he knew he was fore-doomed to by the pi verter of bis facts and importunities, who n< palliates that fraud on grounds which render t original turpitude absolutely commendable comparison. Certain time-servers of hitherto u deviating Caledonian constancy to the winnii cause are beginning to exhibit symptoms of rt like suspicion as to the solidity of the narro bottomed edifice in Downing-street whereof tl lord of Broadlands is the head ; and the defectio though not yet open, and unattended by the lea symptom of transferred allegiance to any conni man-the existence of any such person beii scouted as chimerical-is still sufficiently curioi to be particularised. Philosophising piquantly on the personnel politics this morning, as has been its Saturdi custom for a long time back, over since its feve headed proprietor began to pursue his snbte ranean course under ground, in a practical ghost as well as a metaphorical mundane sense, the la Indian Wilson's organ, which, be it observed, significantly dumb concerning tho accusatioi about contracts against Roebuck, thus gives tl rationale of tho Premier's part in what it cal the perplexing stato of parties, namely-" It not indeed true that there is any strong person; attachment to Lord Palmerston ; he is populi from his vigour, and his courage, and his pliability and his age, and becauso no ono else is popular but ho is supported by no warm enthusiasm, b no fast and firm affection." This is from friend, a candid friend, ono of tho class froi which the Premier's predecessor and pr i nu patron, Canning, prayed to bo relieved as fror the deadliest of all enemies. Hut is it true ? 1 it true that tho omni-alluring Viscount, who ha exhausted the whole arcana of animal mognetisr in drawing people to him ; who has converte gilded saloons into Calypsofied grottoes fo the inveiglement alike of flaming young patriot and cool old placehnnters ; who has so system atized the machinery of entrapment, through wile and lures of one kind or another of most anomalou nature-Almack's, Exeter Hall, the Boneda Boy Shaftesbury, Tattersall^, Cumming, Wikoff, am everybody else, from Barnun to the Archbisho] of Canterbury, and from Jenkins to the Gram Turk, that the greenest finch and the brownes owl of tho political aviary have been limed just a the ancient arch-fowler listed, and have had to ho; the twig ot his bidding ;-can it bo trne, that after all, this supposed omnipotontial drawer o irresistible feathers across universal oyes is viewec askance, and that the Non arno te, Sabida, senti ment, íC I do not like thee, Dootor Fell," is upper most at bottom in tho bosom of his lip-loud lau roates ? So it would seem from the foregoing Eco nomistie but non-encomiastio admission ; and thon is more in the admission than seems. It is becaust he appears to be fortune's favourito that he is thc favourite of fortuno hun tors; because he is "thc inevitable man, " as Thiers called him nearly hali a generation ago, knowing whose work ho wai doing and how bc would do it, that he is accepted. Let that belief evaporate, and his eclat exhales in a short puff, as it was generated in a prolonged one. Were the Comio Old Gentleman given tc grim pleasantry, ho might repeat tho Timon ol Athens joke at Od Piccadilly to-morrow ; and im- mortal sport it would be to see him uncovering, before the astounded optics of Cardwell and Company, the dishes with nothing but hot water in them, and flinging the empty platters and flagons at those who are his flatterers because he can fill them- by " them" meaning tho haman things on two legs, as well as the less base metallio utensils. In fact we havo had a sample of the evanescence of this Pulmerstonian popu- larity before. When expelled the Queen's councils for tampering with despatches sanctioned by the Queen, making her Majesty say one thing after she had said another, in short, Affghanizing the documents, on the Burnes' precedent, he became enveloped in oblivion almost as rapidly as that extinguished firework, Clarendon, leaving even a less aromatio odour in the public nostril than accompanied the exit of the double Bolgrod blonderer, the preserver of the " law and order" of the " World" per Mr. Birch. Indeed it was by a sort of Mr. Birch that Palm got the upper hand again. He frightened V.R. about P.A. through that threatened pamphlet that was to have exhibited a power boh ind the throne greater than the throne itself," and which did ex- hibit it after the price of the promised suppression was paid for, namely, the apparent restoration to favour of that subject who had cajoled, defied, menaced, and coerced his Sovereign, certainly for the interest, if not for the " honour," of some other sovereign, as he ingenuously admitted in the Dunlop debate when asked why ho falsified the Cabool correspondence. The mention of that dismissal suggests the necessity here of a corrective concerning the sup- posed cause of it. Everybody imagines it was on account of the recognition of the coup d'etat ; I but the Queen's letter, if rightly read, or rather rightly remembered, for Finality enunciated the expulsatory epistle with SB emphatic elocution as if reciting the last soliloquy in his own Don Carlos, will show that the offence of usurping the functions and perverting the intent of the Crown I was an old one, against whose repetition he had been admonished ; and that it was only the cul- mination of the criminality on the 2nd of Decem- ber, that roused Britannia to ppear her perfidious watch-dog, who collusively barked a welcome, not* a warning, to the perjured burglar on the premises marked " liberty, fraternity, and equality." What was tba special antecedent culpability the Queen alluded to in ber letter it is not easy to eay, but, judging by dates and circumstances, it would appear to be the concoction of that hocus-pocus, to which Malmesbury soon afterwards, in a state of half-conscious stultification,, put the finishing official hand, aa it was intended that he, or some such doodle, should do, namely, the Danish suc- cession treaty, whereby the heritage of the Scan- dinavian Sick Man, tho King of Denmark, is secured for the great hyperborean absorber, the ? Muscovic Maelstrom, to the defeat of the direct and lawful line in the persons of Victoria's cousins of Holstein, who are now represented as incen- diary miscreants because they don't see the pro- priety of endorsing the felony they are the victims of. j 