. I — = lUGI-iT MEN IN 'THE RIGHT ' ! : ' ' PLACES. : - ' Lord' Faltnerston, whatevor may bo liis faults or ' inconsistencies,, stands: in advance of- liis wholo' pabinet, a "noblo stag, of ton." " To tlioso.wlio, like the late Lord' Macnulay, still roeogniso w nig Lranuions as qn article ot faith — ond to many others who despise 6uchBhred- -work notions of the past iis more prepostoroue, applied .to men of oar timo.i than the unintelli gible jnrgonof heraldry— ho. appears as a Bri tish champion ; and, considering; whom and' how much ho has to defend, a champion un doubtedly ho is. Hereafter it will bo related- as a marvel, that a man in tho soventy-sevontli year of his age - should bo, able, not only to :copo in the . House of Commons witli ,tho moBter intellects of the oge.-but, on tho piiblio hustings, to confound and -put to silence' tlio very Shimci of: . the dcmooracy— pelting The diecomfitod radical- with his. own missiles, and stoning j him back, amidst tho-ieheora of a delighted andionce, to his nohomo qnd polluted Bahurim. Age lias riolt diminished ono jot of his enefgy, subdued . his. vivacity, -or oven weaned him from a certain recklessness moro befitting, a Diomcdo tlian a Nestor. Perhaps wisdom, I in the- highest sense of the word,, is, not tho attribute to which ho oin lay claim .;, but ho has a quick ond ready. perception, keen, natural spgaoity, thorough knowledge of cha racter in|its weakness as wolf as its strength, and is, moreover, intimately , acquainted with tho tone 'end tactics of 'every section of politi-; cnl party. For it must be remembered, that' Inot evenjDugald Dalgotty, that sago and un-' scrupulous soldado who took: servico sucoes- -.sively with . tho: Scofo-Gtormnn legion, tho Swede, the Imperialists, The - Spaniards, tlie .Dutch, , the Cav.aliers, and .tho ' Roundheads', displuyocl moro yorsatility than our admired ; ..ana remarkable Pulmorstou, who, almost from ..the -time when ho.:first;Jiaudlcd. a razor, has maintained himselffiri office, high or low, in connection with all sorts of administrations, 'and no.wj occupies tho proud "position, of, 'Premier of; tho United Kingdoms, and auto- oriit of Tho oligarehical' Whigs, a troublesome ; -faction to subdue, but whom ho lias. cowed into abject submission. / -No unapt simile, applied to him, fa that of- tlio Stag of Ton. In" tho Houso'of iCommons, . before liis followers,- to whatcanho.be more fitly coinpnred than to tlio monarch of; .the forest, marshalling -the Isubordinato'hord, standing forth in thoir front;' .emitting tho note pf dofiuuoe, and lowering his . antlers to m cot .tho rush of tho. rabid .assailant? Yain is tli'p.hbpo to eireumvont .'or- iiamBtring tlmtveterari eirp of venison, fortlio soy the -.of Death ia ljot, more. .deadly, than .the, sweep, of. his unerring tines ; and With onch toss of liis, magnificent ' head, When ' baited by' radical <?ura> ',!. " He adds new monsters to '.tho startied pky i't- , : Nor -is it, less' pleasing to observe how lio asserts bfa|Bupremacy.over.hiB own Bpeeies.-It will happen' that Borne s'tuhtpd. and ill-condi tioned deer— wli'o llas a notion that, by rights, he, ought (ex'-bb "tlii leader of tlie herd, and have tho | first choice of tho , hinds— tlu-ust's (himself forward, and offers a blunt arid frushy' liorn to tlio meditated charge of the liouud, which were lie, to abide, the fangs;' would .instantly bb in his crunkled throat, and tho poor animal, , unsaleable' oven n.t'thb rato of twopence per pound, would give up tho ghost among . the-, hoatlier t Beautiful it. fa to see tlio 'quick turn of the head, -nnd the admonitory prog on tho ribs which the royal stag bestows oii 'the pretender, driving liim back to his proper plabo and function, wliielr is that of superintendent of tho- calves.' But: wo sliiill : not pursuoj the Bimile further. .. There stands Palinerston— in this year of God 1861— the first, foremost, and best bulwark of Whiggcrv, whioh : faction ho lias nt last adornod. by becoming its loader — the elderly : Hector of a beleaguered Troy, maintaining his, post at .the'. Sciean gate,1 and . breathing detianeo to every adversary. I Whatever wo may, think ot. lifa followers, ho at least, so 'loiig aa'Wliiggery obtains- tlio rule, is tho right man in the right place'. " ! . Butwhicli of the "sons ofmen Will bo 'so daring as" tq say tho-liko; for Lord John Rus sell, that caricature"' of 'a- statesman', ' who, at.' the' lioiir when war -aihd insurrection appear inevitable— When state is conspiring against etato,- -.and jnation against nation — when 'old landmarks are being swept away, and old: alli ances and treaties , are repudiated and east asido — fills the office of British foreign Secretary P Fearful it is, aml shameful alike, to .know. that the honour and iniluonce of this great.country, in regard to ! its ' international relations, is in tonated to tb'at most .unfortunate scribe, whose itch for letter-writing amounts to. a positive \- monomania, hffd "who'yot cannot pen a despatch without committing himself by some serious blunder or opittfadietlbri.. WTio lias forgotten that most wqcful document which misled the -fate Ozar as to the real intentions of England, and accelerated, if it did not altogether bring on, the > war -ivliioh terminated with tlie /reduction of Sebastopol ? Who has perused his 1 later). brochures - on- -the Italian question / without, -, am involuntary shudder at 'the. thought that-. Tho ponner 'of such platitudes should havo charge of our .wholo foreign policy at a period- whioh might have taxod tlie iron will and. masculine under standing of ! a Cromwell ? Will; anyone out of tlio Family Alliance have 'the hardihood to assort that tho destinies of magnificent India aro safe in . the hands of' Sir Charles Wood, even with the local assistance ' and advice of tlio ingenious Mr.-Samuol Laing ? These in stances wo especially solect,- becauso they or. really public scandals, To notorious and flagrant that evory man who wishes well to his country lies a right tb protest against an- apportion ment -of high offices so hazardous to tho national prosperity. - Therefore most emphati cally do. wo say that neither Lord J oUn RusaeU nor Sir Charles Wood aro the right inen-in tho right plaoes ; and wp hold itito bo o monstrous .tiling that interests of suoh, magnitude should) be made subserviont to the needs or rapacity of an exclusive "oligarchical faction. — J3lack- ttxxxfj Edinburgh Magazine, 