THE GHOST OF BAN BAN* By the Burnett last night as I carelessly ttrayed, Not of glioata were my thoughts, bat a Aeth aud blood muid — A dread, apparition in bnrnlng robes came, With ite form all enveloped in sulj'harfto flajne; 1 Though with terror struck dumb I Its features did scan, And I looked in die eyes of the Ghost of Ban Ban. ' Dearest Arthur,' he eaid, ' so we meet once again,** In yonr eara sympathetic I'll pour all a.y pain ; I'm Condemned, although dead, to remain here below, Being false to uiy friend— to my brother o foe ; And of keenest defamers— aye, first In the van. While in Queensland 1 lived— was the Ghost of Baa Ban, It was proved np above that 1 never forgave An afirout from a mun, or offence from a slave ; That to ruin 'and death 1 did persecute etill Every one who despised or resisted my will ; Tliat my rattc«m and rage oil discretion outran ; That a pitiless heart bad tbe Ghost of Ban Ban, With confusion I own the indictment was just; My conscience bore witness, «s witness It most. There are no special pleader* retained op above Who *ith crocodile tear* the jury con move* No S each speaks for himself^ and 'tit far the best plan, ?Tboogb It doomed to perdition the Gboet of Baa Ban. .Moag the oaks of Barrobeb I ceasetesely groan, Aud tbe wide sWiiepiog Burnett re^choas my moan | Por a veoonwrttt ichoT distils from, my aoul ffblch no drags elan awnage, which no akill can control; It la blank ea tlss drat^bt whlob physicians give man Wben^aundterd with spleen, like -the .Qbastrf Baa Ban* But an incubns aroris iban ? corpse t-y my aide . Quite fleatroya my tepoae and quite bubbles my pride ; Tit a wretch, Ahmed Sarturli, who ever bas .been The moat hated end fsijred of all men I bave seen, AaS fiftbuse who opp^k me— the chief of tbe clan,-** Por he ne'er cared a nu^ for the Ghoet of Ban Ban. l^ota the glowworms pale beam and tbe graastapper'a ciy I nm certain the rusestxlail morning la tilgh. On his p^rch the fell cock is no* fluttering Us wlog, To Aurora preparing his matins to ring ; All tbe ghosts in greet terror, with features so wan. Must descend to tbe shades, like the Ghost of Baa Ban.* Then they tmth disappeared— both die Ghoet and his friend.— Then I rubbed both my eyes, with both ears did attend, Not a shadow I saw, not a word did 1 hear— For should ever have done had tbey known 1 wee near— So I fled home in fear, and tny wife Mary Ana 8aya 1 mutteied iu eleep'of the Ghost of Ban Ban. BE&TOBll.; Gayndah, 21st October, 1861* . 