; MISCELLANEOUS. A SETTLER'S YKSOEAÎÎCB.-Couchor's agony nt tho loss of Iiis brothers was indescribable ¡ ho groaned nnd wopt, kissed tho bodies, and dashed himself violently to tho earth- For somo minutes ho lay Ibero undisturbed by his mates, who respected his sorrow. At length ho slowly arose, and toudorly convoyed tho bodies of his brothers to tho roadside, where ho laid thom close to Blackboard, whoso wound prevented his moving Ho oguin kissed their bloody faces, then drew his knifo nnd sevorod n lock of hair from tho hend of each, which he carefully placed in his pocket. Tho knifo was still' in his hand-his fnco wis palo and bloody, his eyes glared like a tiger's. Ho approached Blackboard, who trembled os ho neared him. Ho gnzod upon his fallen foo, breath- ing hard tho whilo. " Wretch 1" ho eventually shouted, "you have inurdorcd- my brothors 5 look at them !" Baying whioh ho roughly turned tho bnshrnngor on his side,'who cried aloud with. pain. "look at them, I say ! thoy aro my brothors, lind you hnvo murdered them! You shall die-I will kill you !"-saying which, ho rushed forward, as if to plungo his knifo into his body. " Murcy !" sbrioked tho füllen giant. " Mercy ! They fell in fair ¡fight ; somo of my mates havo fallen, too ; soo, lhere aro five dead by tho treo, yonder-is not that sufficient rovongo t" " Wretch ! you murdered my bro- thers. I saw you shoot thom ; I brought you down, and I'll kill you! Look ut thom-both young boys-young boys !-tho motlier of thoso boys livos now, villain ! Can't you hear her shriek * Murder* in your cars ? She bids mo kill you, and I'll do it ! Oh, my brothers ! bro- thors! I'll kill you-I'll kill you!"-saying which, ho sprang forward again, but paused, and throw down Iiis knifo. " Not thnt way," ho muttered, ns ho Jwont to- wards their tents, " not Hint way." Ho then proceeded to collect what cords ho could find attached to tho tents -then tiod them together. Ho called ono or two men to his assistance, nnd then proceeded to pass a running nooso over tho bushranger's neck. Ho pinioned his arms, and loft him lying on tho ground. Ho thon wont into tho bush, and colleotcd what dry bark and leaves ho could find, and placed them under n treo ho solectod from tho othors ; ho piled dry wood upon tho top to à considerable height, and then set' fire to tho heap. He dragged tho unfortunate robber to tho treo, and, throw- ing tho end of tho nooso ovor a branch, bado his niâtes "Haul away, men, and don't jerk the rope, or you'll break his neck. Up ho goes! nh, what n morry sight! Look all of you-look, this is tho man who killed my brothers! Seo him turning round-look at his face! Ali, now tlio;firo ia reaching lum ! He'll tako hnlf-an hour to clio nt thnt rate-this is glorious vcngcunco !", His mates, horror struck nt tho nwful net, Btrovo to tum him; soino ovon approached tho treo to scatter tho /ire, that it might not rench tho unhappy man. But Coucher ran forward, revolver in lund, and threatened to shoot any ono who carno hetween him nnd his yongenneo'. They retired to their tonis in a melancholy Btntb of mind, and tlrnnk their tea in Bilonco. Tho ilro burned higher and higher-more leaves und wood wera, piled ,on-niid shrieks broko;from tho palo lipB of tho agonised suiToror. Tho "Aro reached his knees,'his foot woro consumed, and death carno to his rolcaso ; ovontually tho cord that sus- pended him broko, and ' tho charred body, fell into tho llames. Couchor did not witness tho death-ho lind swooned. Hours poised away, mid his companions sought him ; they found him seated by tho fire, a rayiiig maniac.-" T/ie Stockman" iif Horace Hariet Mn. Du ÇnAir.i.tr'B; ITinsT INTERVIEW WITII ,THE QOBIM.A.-Tho adventurous Franco-Ainbrican thus des- cribes his first meeting with tho tbrriblo 'apo :-" Thon tho underbrush swnyod rapidly'just ahead, and prospiitly boforo us stood an immonso malo gorilla. Ho had gono through tho jungle on his all-fours, but .when ho saw our party J10 erected himself and looked us boldly in tho fuco', flo stood about a dozen yards: from us, and was a sight I think I shall ¡never 'forgot. .. Nearly sis foot high (ho proved four inOhes Bhortor), with immense body, hugo ehcBt, and great muscular arms, with ' fiorcoly glaring,' largo, deep, groy eyes, and a hellish expression of fs.ee,. wkioh seemed to mo like somo niglitmaro vision-thus stood boforo us this king of tho African forest. .' Ho was not afraid of .us. Ho stood thoro and boat his breast with Iiis hugo fists till it resounded likodu immonso brass .drum (which is their modo of offering défiance), mean timo giving vont :tó roar 'nfter roar. Tho roar of tho gorilla is tho most singular and nwful noiso hoard in these. African woods.' It begins with a 'sharp bark,- lito an angry dog, then glides into ndcep bass roll, which liter- ally and closely' ? resembles tho roll oT distant thunder along the sky, lor which I havo sometimes been tempted to take it wlioro I did not seo tho animal. So deep is . it that it seems to proceed less from tho mouth and throat than from tho deep! chest and vast paunch. ' His eyes bogan to flash fiercer ilro ns wo stood motionless on tho defensivo, nnd tho crest of short hair winch stands on his forehead begun to twitch rapidly up and down, while his poworful fangs wore shown as ho again Bent forth a thunderous roar. And now truly ho reminded mo of nothing but some hellish droam crcnturo-a being ofthat hidoous order, half man, half beast, which wo find pic- tured by old artists in somo representations of tho infernal regionB. Ho advanced a lbw steps, thon stopped to utter that hideous roar again, advanced again, and finnlly stop pod when nt about sis yards from ns. And hero, just . ns ho begnn another - nf his ' roars, beating his breast in rogo, wo fired nnd killod him. With n gronn which had sonietliing terribly human in it, nnd yet wns full "of brutishness, ho-foll forward on his face. Tho body shook convulsively for n fow minutes, tho'limbs inoved nbout in n struggling way, and thou all was quiet-death had dono its work, mid I had leisure to examine tho hugo body. It provod lo bo fivo foot eight indios high; lind tho niUB cular dovolopmont of tho »rms and breast showed what imincnso- strongth it had possessed." ? A LuoJcr.E89 LEOISMTOH.-Tho Vienna correspondent of tho Times relates thut tho Buthoiic peasant Znchorojko, who wns returned to tho Qalician Diet by tho inhabi- tants of Busk, has had 46 blows inflicted 011 him by his constituents for not attending tho Boiohnrnth and ob- taining tho grant of cortnin woods and commons to winch tiley Jay claim. ' Tho provincial legislator told his follow Ïicasants thnt ho lind not been oleoted in tho Provinoinl Hot, nnd coiiBoquontly lind no right to Bit in thc Reicbarath, but it would nppcar that his oxplanntioiis wore' conBÍdored unsatisfactory, for ho was forced to lay down with lils face to tho ground, nnd while in Hint position a.hazel stick was 48 limes vigorously applied to tho lower part of his buck. As. OiTioEit KILSU).'apr", A TioKit,- Wo regret to hnve to roeord.tlio deourronco of a most melancholy ac- cident that has occurred nour Nooniuoh, in tho death of Lieutenant Cluirlca Newel Grunt, of tho 2nd European Light infantry. An officer, writing to us from Neomuch under dato tho 26th March, says :-" A party of officers, Viz., Captain Baumgartner, young Hemsted, of the 2nd, Crawford, ' of the .13th N.I.,'and poor Grant, proceeded on n shooting expedition to Butturghur, 30 miles off. Tho, first day choy obtained khubbur of a tigor which wns shot without any accident happening, On Saturday forenoon they wore again informed, of tho presence of a rory largo tigor somo fivo miles from their camp, to winch spot they proceeded, and, coming up with tho tiger, ojach gave a connie of barrels, wounding him very severely.'. Hie boast then rondo oil' for somo short jungle, '¡indi nftbr.: boating for. hun, .they found tho brute again nbbut '4'or '5 o'clock iii tho overling,, whon some shots woro fired and ho was again hit. lío theil turned to tho right,' whero poor Grant Was in advanco of all, tihd'on;seeing-him fired nt him; tho,.bruto thon soizod him, tlio boaters bolted, and tho tigor commonced to bite and claw poor Grant fearfully, , carrying him off ip",somo"'''distahco. Tho other ofifeors woro only , aware ; "pf tho '''deourronco by. hearing Grout 'cry "out"''to Baumgartner' to como and kill tho bruto.' Tlw latter in tho most plucky mid bravo manner ran tb tho spot, nnd found tlio tigor on tito top of Grant crunching his nrrn. Baumgartner had only one barrel loaded (his shikarco had . also bolted with lbs rifle) ¡ but' Uko a finó feUow as ho is, ho went close up, and, placing tho nuizzlo just behind tho animal's shoulder, fired, and 'seeing that oven thon tho tiger would not rolax Iiis hold drew his revolver and fired tho flvo barrels into its' head. Homstod then carno up and fired two shots into tho savago boast's head, when it died ; but boforo poor Grant could bo extricated tho brute's jaws had actually to be forced open. Boor Grant was thou, removed in a dooly into Neomuch, but un- avoidably . somo twenty odd , hours elapsed before 1 his ,' wounds could bo dressed owing to tho distance' ho had -to , bo carried. On roach- ing, Ndomúch 'Doctors Arnott nnd Wright wore immediately in attendance, and did nil that human skill could ¡ ' but tho'poor fellow breathed Iiis last on, Tuoaday afternoon,'tho 25th instant. Tho tigor was bf tho,largest' size, naoasuring 12 feot in length." JPooita Observer. '"''.' ' , . AsiBniÔAXïssis.-T-Tho words and phrases, wliîch oro i really_tho nioat hitorostmg,. and- which may'.with most propriety bo classed as genuino Americanisms, aro thoso. which boar in'tho origin tho jmpress of a ne w. country- | which come to ns with all tho raóy flavour of tho back- woods arid tho pruirio, tho,settlor's log-hut, and.tho freo hunter'. life. These ard not slang,,howôvor much thoy may seem to resemble it. They nro tho.lawful cohiago of a new world, espressivo of now combinations and now wants. Hiko'many'words ond phrases in .tho, "old country,'! thoy carry a littlo history in themselves. A "corduroy" road could exist uowhero but in a forost clearing. ¡ In rio othor country, could a traveller strike a" boo linc" It may sound Uko a strange inversion of menning at first to find that to "savo" moans to '.'kill". -" I'vo shot thrco men," says a notorious Wostcrn duel- list (Judge W---, of Tosas), "and two of thom I saved!' -until wo romombor that to the huntor, whoso sub- sistence might* dopend upon his rillo, ovory wounded aniuml thatescapou was a shot wasted. Wosioru talkie f nil of thoso motaphors, always with a touch of tho pic- turesque even in their most ludicrous adaptations. If a man ch'nngc9 his quarters, ho is said to " pull up stakes." orto "make traoks"-phrasos which aro in tnemsolves vivid reminiscences of a nomad lifo amid tho pathless wildernesses of a now country. To movo ott" in a hurry is to " wnko snakos"-a highly probable result in a country whoro a traveller about to start in tho morn- ing is pleasantly informod by tho landlord that " there's a smart sprinkle of rattlesnakes on Bcd Bun, nnd a Î>oworful nico day to sun thomsolvos." If n fair lady oaos her tompor, or if sho breaks a tender promise, sho is said to " Hy off tho handlo," liko a faithless axe-as serious a disappointment as a lost lovo to many a settler. This nppoars to bo a favourite metaphor, for wo have it otherwise applied in n Now ïork paper, whoro a poor man -is announced ns having succeeded to a for- tuno from a distant relativo, " who went off the handle in England rather unexpectedly." If thero scorn a littlo affectation of domuroncss on the lady's part, sho is said to bo *" playing 'possum," that nnimal having a trick of feigning death, and so cheating tho dogs. If a gontlomnn gets into difficulties ho is said to bo " up a troo"-that being tho uncomforlnblo position in whioh tho racoon or opossum sometimes finds himself, with his cnomios look- ing out for him nt tho bottom. A NEW OnsTAOiiE is TUB "WAY OP THE EXIIITIOÍT OT 18C2.-Mr lîelk, tho contractor of tho intcndod Interna- tional Exlnbition of 18C2, -«vas summoned boforo tho Hammersmith magistrate, on Monday, by Mr Donaldson, district survoyor for South Knsington, for unlawfully commencing a building on tho north sido of the Crom- well- vond . boforo giving two days* notico thoreof, ns required by tho Metropolitan Building Act. Tho building in question wns intended to form pnrt of tho Exhibition, ' ns tho picture gnllory, and it was oontendod thnt publia buildings carno under tho supervision of dis- trict survoyorsj ns firo-proof staircases, &0, woro re- quired. Mr Kelk asked for an adjournment, to which Mr Ingham, Mm.magistrate; assontod, observing that it appoured to him thoro was nu omission in:tho Act, as it nevor coiüd havo bcon intondod that a building of this I nature should como under tho supervision of a district surveyor,- but as tho Aot stood it seemed that it did. Mr Donaldson also wished for a, short adjournment. He said there woro, certain tilings being proceeded with whioh could !not bo nllowcd. If thoy wont on and wero condemned, tho defendant would linvo to pidl them down. Tho defendant said an opinion had, beon obtained, and it was'to tho-cfTeot that tho building was lifted out of tho Act by ilie 56th section. Mr Ingham suggested that tho 'summons should bo. adjourned, in order that nn applica- tion may bo inado to tho Metropolitan Board of Works, .whioli.'in cortain cases, had power to tako away1 tho con- trol of tho distriot survoyor. His worship recommended ttho dofondarit to bp careful of his right to proceed with tlio building,' ns ho might lind after expending a largo sum of money that ho would havo to pull doini tho -works ho lind erected. Tho dofendaht enid that unlosB ho obtained the consent of tho Metropolitan Board there would bo no Exhibition of 18G2. ' It would bo impossi- ble tb'eroct it¡ according to tho terms of tho Building Act. Tho summonses woro then adjourned for a fortnight. Weekly Deqialeh, May 12. -Uow,'.«nid is A GOOD TABN ABOÜT A,SHAIIK.-Tho othor day wo! heard tho following astounding narration from a'son of, thc deep, und romarkablo as it ie, wo givo it credence, on tho ground that tho narrator was himself an oyo-witnoss of tho singular scene.' Somovhoro about longitude 70 E. . nnd latitudo 35 S, tho crew Of o homo warcVbound!'East India merchantman caught what was supposed to he alargo basking shark (eelacne maxima), n species very raro in tho Indian Ocean. On pulling it on dook it was BtTUck.on^ho.head.ropoatedly with à' marline- spike, and whón siippo'sod, dead its .mouth was gagged and tho .tail ' ohopped off. It was then opened up, and tho licart nnd|liver plucked out. . After lying for about on hour on deck, tho, animal was heaved overboard, and on ganing ita native clement, (although its livor and heart wore simmering, in .tho cook's copper) it rovived, and swam away with ita'usual yigour, apparently unaware of tho loss it had sustained. Ita movements were eagerly watched by tho jnoks on. board, until a shark of another speoios coming from tho stern soizod it and made oil'. Wo hnvo often heard of tho, wondorfud tonncity with which tho whola family of cartilaginous fishes cling to lifo, but wo hayo novor soon rocordod an instanco so ex- traordinary as tho above.-Brechin Advertiser. A. NEW, FEATURE nf LTFK ASSTJRAVOE.-A short timo ago we ehnncod (says a friond) to lay hand upon a pro- spectus of tho Queen Insuranco Company established in this town. Wo (Ind, on looking nt tho "Queen's" pros- pectus, that, in caso of tho inability of tho assured, from any cnuso whatever, tb continue paying tho premiums on on ordinary lifo policy, tho company will, alter a period of throe years, from tho dato of tho assurance, granta paid-up policy for tho total amount of premiums paid in. " together with'ony bonus whioh may novo boon added.'' AU which simply means thnt if A B vhus boon fortunato onongh to havo takon out n policy^'in tho. Queen for. £1000 when 80 years of ago, for whioh ho has booti pay- ing £23 per annum for say ton yenrs, and becomes ot tho end of this period whnt is familiarly termed "hard up," tho company will oancpl tho policy tor £1000, arid issue, ! to tho said A B, a fresh policy, freo from, any further payment, for £230, togothor with .nil tho bbniusoB which I may havo accrued in tho interval, so' thnt Iiis saving of years cannot bo dost through nny subsequent misfortune. This wo deem ono of tho greatest boons that a Lifo As- surance Office has .over, conferred on tho publio, and groat praise is duo to tho flourishing young company whom wo hove introduced tb our ronders for having in- stituted so vastan improvement on tho praotíco of its pre- decessors.-Liverpool Mercury. TUE Wontu.-Creditors uovor annoy o man as long os ho is gorting up in tho world. - A limn of wealth only Enys his butcher once a ycav. Lut bad luck ovortako im, nnd Iiis mont bill will como in every morning, ns rogularly ns breakfast and hungry oliildron. A«ain, wo Bay, novor plead povorty. So far ns this world is con oomcd, you lind bettor admit thot you aro a scoundrel, ' THEBE nro two classes of disappointed lovors ¡ thoso who uro disappointed boforo niarnngo, nnd tho moro un- happy who sro disappointed aflor it. ' . A BWOUTAII coso of ooucealmcnt of aoi ia reported by tko. Manchester Examiner;--At tho hut sitting of the' Balford County Court,- before Mr Trafford; among others ono Thomas Groon was committed to tho Now Bailey for a period of 20 days for contempt of court, or non- compliance with a judgment obtained at a previous court. ; Tho debt amounted in all to -£l 14s Cd., and was tho bilnuce of an account for a suit of clothes. Tho dofendnnt was noted for Iiis aversion to paying dobts, and lind had tho opportunity of meditating upon tho wickedness of tho world in general, and in the gross ' wickedness of creditors in particular, on two previous occasions, whon.he had "served time" in tho Now Bailey. Defendant was supposed to bo between 30 and 40 years old, and was a married man. Mr Green was difficult to cateh, but at length on tho ovoaing of tho 3rd of May he was " iraurod,". and convoyed to his' comfortable old" quarters near tho Irwell and Albort Bridge Mr Green, however, was of opinion that two imprisonments were" (or ought to be) equal to ona " whitewash," and grum- bled nt tho inconsiderateness of tho judgo in giving him another "spoil.". Tho warders thought a bath (probably Turkish) would tone his nervous system, and ' hintod os muoli. . Tho bath-room was reached, and tho uttendant urged Mr Green to " tlirow those tilings ott* and stop in.". Mr Groon made a most unreasonable objection ; tho. at-, tendant, interjected o tinrent, and then laid hands upon ' tho prisoner after tho gentlemanly mannor of Govern- ment officials. "Waistcoat followed coot, when a lona pauso took placo. . Mr Green affirmed somotliing which' rather astonished his friend. Certain other officials were immediately summoned, and tho affirmation was continued-Mr Thoa. Green was a Indy! A difficulty immediately oroso in tho minds of tho -officials with rospeot to tho logality of detaining tho "lady." Tho County Court offices aro near tho prison, and,-we behove, ono of tho. officials was summoned; tho result was that " Mr Thomas Groon,", after being subjected to a curious interrogation, was dismissed to her affectionate wife. Greon stated.that whon very young she was in tho ser», vice öf a lady who, requiring tho sorvicos of a littlp pago, « dressod her up ns a boy, und alie has retained'tho. dress ' of a malo (to tho confusion of her tailor) over einco. After leaving service,. "Mr Green worked in,a mill as' a hooker, ónü stitchor, drawing mon's wages. Being .tol- erably woU oiT and lónoly, ho married. Mr Groon's marriage', the neighbours say, lias been a very happy LIFE IN inn SEA.-Brimful of lifo nt its surface, tho sea would bo encumbered if that prodigious , powor of production was not kept somewhat in oheck by tho an- tagonistic powor of destruction. . Only imagino that every herring has from fifty, to sovonty thousand moro,, were thero not an enormous destruction going.on^ .tho ocean' would vory soon bo solidified and putrificd. ' Tho groat cetácea drivo. thom towards tho shores, over arid anon diving into ; their ranks, and swallowing whole shoals. Tho whiting cat their fry ; cod ngnin dovour the whiting. Yet, oven hero, tho porU .of tho sea, arid czoosa of fe- cundity, qhpws itselt in a still moro terri bio shapo. Tho cod has up to nine millions of eggs, and this creature, of such formidable powors of matornity, has nine months oflovoout of twelve No wondor that tho fishery of this . productivo fish has created towns and colonies. But oven, then, what would tko power of man be op- . posed to such fecundity? Bio is assisted by others, among which tho sturgeon has takon the chief rank. Then, again, tho sturgeon itself is a vory fecund fish. This devourer of cod has itself fifteen hundred thousand eggs. Another great devourer is not proportionately reproductivo, and that is the shark : so Mioholot calla Le bean mangeur de la nature, mangeur patente, le requin Viviparous, ho nourishes tho young shark in his bosom, his foudal inheritor, who is born terrible and ready armed. Ilenco aro sharks callod in'many countries sea dogs, and so we lately saw tho Fronoh chien de mer litorally translated.-Blackwood. A Siixon's OPINION OP AN OJJBUA.-Whon tho Pyno-Harrison company woro performing at Liverpool, a sea captain, just arrived in port, was presonted with a ticket to tho opora. WJion tao performance was over, ho was asked by a friend how ho liked it. " "Well," an- swered ho, "I know very little about music, and can't pretend to bo a judgo. I liked some things pretty well, but 1 rather think that soma of thom didn't know thoirN business. Thoro was ono woman who screeched and toro round, I thought, in an abominable way ; and other folks thought so too, for they mudo her do it over a second time." THE MAN WHO WON'T RAT THE PBIKTER.-Moyho bo shod with lightning and compollod to wandor over gunpowder. May ho novo soro eyes, and a chcsnut burr lor an oyestono. May overy day of ÍIÍB lifo bo moro dcB potio than tho Dey of Algiers. May ho'- novor bo por» mitted to kiss a pretty woman. May ho bo bored to death by boarding school misses practising thoir first lesson in May his boots leak, Iiis gun hnng Uro, and his fishing linos break. May his cattlo die of murrain, and tho pigs dostroy his garden. Moy a troop of printers* dovils, lean, lank, and hungry, dog his noels each day, and a rcgimont of cats catorwaul undor his window caoh night. May tho famino- strickon ghost of on editor's baby haunt his slumbers, and Inns " Murderer ! " in his dreaming ear. May his cows givo sour milk, and his churn .rancid \- butter. In short, may IIÍB business go to ruin, and bogo ' to-Congress.-American paper. A lady, a regular shopper, who had made ari nnfor tunotoclerk'turn over ali tho goods in tho store, among'' which woro a great numbor of stockings, objected that none woro long enough. ' ' I want tho longest boso that aromado." !"ïhon, madam, you had better upply at) tho noxt engine-house." In nn advertisement by a railway company of somo uncallod-for goods, tho letter i has, by an accidonty . dropped from tho word lawful, and it reads now :- ', "Pcoplo to 'whom .these packages aro directed aro re- quested to como forward and pay tho awful charges on' tho same." . music, without tormentors. 