Local Intelligence. CONVERAZIONE. - The conversa- zione of the Athenæum came off in the Town Hall, last evening, and was a brilliant success. The room was crowded, over two hundren persons being present. The singing, the re- citations, and the speeches were ap- plauded to the echo by the audience, and had it not been that the President of the Institute, with great judgment and tact, set his face against encores, there would have been some likelihood of the performance going into what is colloquially termed 'the middle of next week.' As it was, the tea, the service of fruit, and, in fact, all ar- rangements were perfect of their kind, and notwithstanding that the number present was far in excess of what had been anticipated, there was no lack of the good things required on such occasions. We most cordially r-^'cho the wish expressed by many that the treat may be repeated at an early day ; with so many elements of success we ought to do something to enliven the town during the winter season. JOVIAL JOHNSTON.—We see that the well-known favorite, Mr Jovial John- ston, is about to enliven Beechworth by his presence, and will put in an appearance at the Star Theatre on Mon- day evening next. MR DONALD'S supporters and the public are reminded that the meeting called by his Committee, comes off on Monday evening. SPRING CREEK COMPANY.—We are authorised to state that it is the inten- tion of the Spring Creek Gold Mining and Amalgamating Company to com- mence operations early in the ensuing week, the company having now been formally gazetted and constituted under Pyke's Limited Liability Act. £100 NOTE LOST.—By some mis- hap or other, a well-known member of the Bar here, lost a bank-note of the Oriental, for one hundred pounds, yes- terday. Immediate information was given to the police, and, as the note was a large one, there can be little doubt that the number has been ascertained. ACCIDENT. —News has reached Wangaratta that a son of Mr J. Evans, of the King River, has been dan- gerously injured by a tree falling on him at the station. LICENSE FEES.—The Chairman of the Municipality, has called a public meeting for Tuesday evening next, to take the new regulations for licensing Crown lands into consideration. All the mining community should attend, as Councillor Yoxall stated, in his place in the Council, that every garden on Spring Creek was liable to the new license fee. AMALGAMATION. — In another column will be found a letter from Mr Thompson, the manager of the Port Phillip Company at Clunes. Although the letter is an answer to some remarks of our correspondent " Ovens River Miner," the statements have an intrinsic value, and we recommend the perusal of the letter to all engaged in quartz crushing. BENALLA. —We understand that the concert on Thursday evening, by the celebrated amateurs, Messrs. Sambo, Jambo, Bosh, Squash, Boney, and Toney was a most decided success, and that the applause elicited by the performance was something astounding. MESSRS. J. H. GRAY AND CO. AND MR. SMITH.— In another column will be found a notice referring to an adver- tisement issued a day or two ago by Mr. Smith as to the use of his name by the firm of J.H. Gray and Co. As we, cannot but regret that the matter should come before the public, we merely refer to the explanation afforded by the letter itself. THE FOURTH OF JULY.—It will be seen by our advertising columns that the disruption of the union is not likely to have any effect in stopping the celebration of Independence Day in Victoria, arrangements being in pro- gress for its celebration at Mac's Hotel, Ovens River, Spaulding's Growler's Creek, De Berg's, Britannia, Woolshed, and Mr Chaltock's, Reid's Creek. BADAGINNIE.—We learn that the ex- citement at the new alluvial diggings still continues, and that the whole population are on the qui vive for further discoveries. Berrigan's party have found a quartz reef richer than any struck yet, and no doubt we shall soon hear of a machine to crush it. SALE OF DIXON'S STORE.—We are requested to call the attention of our readers to the sale by J. H. Gray and Co. of Dixon's store, Morse's Creek, in consequence of the deal of Mr Stone, the late manager of the store. The sale takes place on Saturday next (this day week.) SUDDEN DEATH.—A very sudden death under peculiar circumstances, took place at Thomastown on the night of Friday last. On that day a young man named James Kirwin died in Melbourne Hospital, and soon after- wards his father, Patrick Kirwin, called on an undertaker, and arranged for the funeral of his son, returning homewards to Thomastown. On the same night the father died of apoplexy, and an inquest having been held on the body by Dr. Candler, father and son were interred at the same time, in the same grave, on Saturday last. Argus, June 24. WASHING QUARTZ —A correspond- dent writes us:— It may not be out of place to mention the result of a small improvement which has just been made at the mill here, proving how partially the precious metal is distri- tributed through quartz. Of course this is a thing well known to many, but never- theless it might be interesting to those who may not have correct opportunities of arriving at the thing as a fact. Twenty-six tons of quartz were taken out of a reef in this neighborhood; thown on the surface just as it came from the hole ; put into drays, also put in as it came to hand. After the quartz was delivered in the machine yard it un- derwent further mixing. The results were as follows in the yield:— 1st. washing out, 3 tons, yielded 1 oz. 8 dwts. per ton ; 2nd, 3 1/2 tons, yielded 1 oz. 1 dwt. per ton ; 3rd, 6 1/2 tons, yielded 19 dwts. per ton ; 4th, 6 1/2 tons, yielded 1 oz. 3 dwts. per ton; 5th, 6 1/2 tons, yielded 1 oz. 5 dwts. per ton. Thus showing that quartz after under- going many mixings, will still not yield the same quantity of gold. The only way I could account for the difference in the above yield was that the first three tons crushed were principally composed of clean quartz which rolled to the front as the drays were tipped up, and the centre of the heap, where the lowest yield was had was smaller stuff and mullock. MAN MISSING—Considerable anxiety, says a correspondent on the Lower Indigo, is felt for the fate of a Jew, named Bernard Stern, from the cir- cumstance of a carpet bag or swag, supposed to belong to him, having been found in the bush, between Cornish Town and Rutherglen, by some person about Mr Waldron's, the dairyman. It it known that for sometime past he has been laboring under an aberration of mind, remark- ing that the whole tribe were about to be exterminated.—Federal Standard, June 26. STAR THEATRE.—Johnson's Com- pany re-opened, here on Monday, to an excellent house. The concert por- tion of the entertainment was decidedly above the average. Mr Simms re- ceiving great and well deserved ap- plause for his style of singing a Bacch- analian song, exalting the properties of Rhenish wine. Mrs Simms sang 'Hurrah for the Road,' in character, and was deservedly encored. Miss Young improves on acquaintances, and Johnson and his little boy still hold their own in public estimation. We confess we were not pleased with the "Ratcatcher's Daughter.' It is almost too low comedy for our taste, although we do not pretend to great fastidious- ness. We think it beneath the powers of the actors engaged in its represen- tation, and would like to see Mr Simms in some legitimate performance. A musical farce; by Johnson, was pro- duced last night, and the airs were very pretty and judiciously chosen. —Federal Standard. It is better to live in low contempt than in high infamy, and more precious is want with modesty, than wealth with Immigration.—In a Parliamentary paper just issued, we find that under the new regulations 203 husbands, and 370 wives have been sent home for and the return also shows 572 brothers and 565 sisters as having been sent for. In all, a gross total of 2,970 persons have been sent for by relatives of different degrees of affinity. SEPARATION HOLIDAY—Monday next will be kept as a general holiday at the Courts, and various Govern- ment departments, the 1st of July being the day on which this colony was separated from New South Wales, and erected into an independent colony. MORE DISCOVERIES.—Considerable excitement was manifested on the Ovens on Monday las, at the report that alluviaI digging had been struck m the neighborhood of Benalla. Messrs. G. S. Bird and. party were the dis- coverers. They were on the way from the Indigo to the Jamieson when the "likely looking" nature of the country induced them to " sink." At 120 feet they found wash-dirt that yielded three-quarters of a pennyweight to two tin dishes. The new field is re- presented as three and-a half miles from Benalla, and five miles from Badaginnie. The sinking is dry, through some 60 feet of red earth, the white clay with a slate bottom. The gold is coarse and shotty. We under- stand that a request has been made that the place should be included in the mining district of Beechworth, and it is upwards of 100 miles from Sandhurst, its present head quarters, and only 50 miles from Beechworth. —Federal Standard, Junes 26 "OH, MY PROPHETIC SOUL."— At a place not a hundred miles from Beechworth, on some day last week, a highly talented company (according to their own account) were " doing some very heavy tragedy business in a gully public house; libations had been freely offered to all the gods, as if Bacchus was not placated, the patron saint of P. B., whoever he may be, ought to have been satisfied with the free-will offerings made to him by the company general and particular. The thunder rolled (in a tin billy), the lightning flashed, and a ghost— the ghost — was about to appear — when a free fight ensued, and the talented company coming in seoond best had absquatulate. A KNOWING DOG —In a dog case heard at the Police Court yesterday, the dog charged with misconduct was described by its owner as " a doe that could tell a honest man from a rogue, " and as being a " most mild, gentle, manly dog." The dog was proven, however, to have worried two men, and to have killed a fellow dog, so that we may doubt the "mildness" of his character; and much as the term gentlemanly may have been abused, it is perhaps the first occasion on which it has been applied to a ferocious dog. LAND SALE.—Something that may be a land sale or may not, took place in a very quiet, modest-looking little cottage in Camp-street yesterday. It is quite delightful to find how anxious the Government are to get rid of the land, for a man must be a long time resident in Beeehworth before he could for a moment suspect that the cottage to which we allude was a land office. It is somewhat doubtful, we think, whether the Government really wishes to sell the land ; if they do, they take a curious way of doing it. One lot of 80 acres was bought, and one lot leased by Mr George Hadley ; and one lot was bought and one leased by Mr. Walker. The land is near the L??? River, on Connor's run, fourteen miles from Yackandandah and Belvoir. SALE OF TOWNSHIP LAND.—We are informed that the land at the other side of Spring Creek and Pennyweight ?? will, at an early date, be thrown into the market, and that it is now about being surveyed, and lotted out for that purpose. The ground has hitherto been kept back from sale, as it was alleged to be auriferous. GRANTS FOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES.— It is notified in Tuesday's gazette that the grants in aid of public libraries will not be paid until the 31st December next, as they are to be proportioned the subscriptions or local rates raised during 1861. AN INDIGO MYSTERY.—On Monday a man, after descending an abandoned shift, about 200 feet deep, on the Devonshire Lead, was rather startled by coming upon a dead body, or human skeleton. He immediately determined to leave the possession of the claim for the present to the lifeless body he found reposing in it. The police have been informed of this, and it is believed that the remains are those of a man who was of unsound mind, and disappeared from that locality about three months ago. — Federal Standard, June 20. YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA- TION.—It will be seen by our adver- tising columns that a meeting of young men derirous of forming a Christian Association will be held at the National School, Loch-street, on Tuesday night. The want of such a society has lately been felt by the young men of Beech- worth, and we therefore wish their present attempt every success, THK MURRAY. —For some days past the Murray has been rapidly rising, and the water stands now quite now high enough to be pleasant. The punt is unable to reach the bank on this side by about six feet, and on the opposite side the creeks have become torrents. One crossing a short distance from the punt is especially dangerous. There is a log bridge at this place, but the water is now some three feet above it and it is impossible to say when the whole structure may now be swept away. Even if one or two of the ??? were to get loose.it would become quite impassable. We are not aware of any accidents having happened as yet, unless this weather changes speedily, we may soon have to make boat excursions from here to Wodonga. Border Port, June 26. We should do by our cunning as we do by our courage, always have it ready to defend ourselves never to offend others. 