THE FIJIIANS A CORRESPONDENT of the Athenaeum, "writing from Rewa, Fiji, describes his adventures there :-" The sight of the Athenaeum at this out of the way place strongly recalls a promise made before my departure from England to send occasional tidings of my wanderings in Fiji. I have now been several months in this group, exploring it in various directions, and though much has been written on it, and that, too, by competent hands, there is still abundant mate- rial for observation, and a fine field for making collections in all branches of natural history. My headquarters for the first month were at Somosomo, in the island of Taviuni, where I stayed under the hospitable roof of Captain Wilson, who has formed there a cocoanut oil establishment ; cocoanut oil, tortoise shell, and beche-le-mer forming the staple export of these islands, to which cotton will soon be added, several species of this all-important produc- tion having become naturalised in various parts. Taviuni is a rocky island of secondary magnitude, girded, by cocoa- nut palms, and densely covered with forests, full of fine timber, and abounding in wild pigeons and a species of paroquets highly valued by the Tongese, and still more by the Samoans, on account of the red feathers, with which they ornament their mats. The island is about 2500 feet high, and the ascent to its summit very sleep. The first time I went up a nume- rous suite attended. The Queen of Somosomo, hearing of my intention, joined the expedition with her whole court. At daybreak we found her train waiting for us, at the banks of a river, all fully equipped for the journey. A few strokes of the pen will describe their dress. The Queen wore two fathoms of white calico around her loins, fresh fern leaves around her head, the purple blossom of the Chinese rose in a large hole pierced through one of her ears, and a bracelet mode of a shell. No other garment graced her stately person, and yet she looked truly majestic. Her attendants dispensed with the calico altogether, and were simply attired in portions of banana and cocoanut leaves, fresh from the bush. In our European clothes we had no chance to keep up with them, and they were always a long distance ahead of us, waiting for our coming up, and enjoying themselves in opening coconuts and smoking cigarettes, which they made with dried banana leaves. The summit of the island was found to be an extinct crater filled with water, and on the northeastern part covered with a vegetable mass, so much resembling in colour and appearance the green fat of the turtle as to have given rise to the popular belief that the fat of all the turtles eaten in Fiji is trans- ported to this lake by supernatural agency*; one of the numerous spirits with which the wild fancy of the natives has peopled the group taking it at night out of their stomachs and placing it there. This jelly-like mass belongs to some of the lower Algae, and is several feet thick. We were not aware, until it was too late, that this singular production was only floating on the top of the lake, forming a kind of crust, or else we should not have ventured upon it. On the contrary, we took it to be part of a swamp that might safely be crossed, though not without difficulty, for we were always up to our knees, and often to our hips, in this vegetable turtle-fat, and had to save ourselves occasionally from sinking into inextricable positions by crawling along like reptiles. Where the lake was free from this Algae, the water was limpid and cool, and we freely partook of it when eating the cold yams, taro, and fowls which formed our dinner. The sides of the lake were covered with hollies, scarlet myrtles, and a fine feathery palm, closely allied to that of New Zealand and Nor- folk Island, but different. It was night before I regained Somosomo, all the natives being home long before me, for as soon as they saw tho sun ' getting low 'there was no retaining them any longer. Having to be in the forest after nightfall, is to them something terrible. They see ghosts and demons starting up in every direction, and fear to fall victims to their anger. The town of Somosomo was, until a few years ago, the most notorious place in Fiji for cannibalism, and the early missionaries, after much discouragement, had to give up their station. It was then a place of some im- portance ; but constant feuds have reduced the number of its inhabitants considerably, and the few that are left have for the most part become Christians, it being now more than three years since the last man was eaten. The chief himself, certainly the finest Fijian I have seen, both in regard to stature and features, still remains a hea- then ; but his Queen (who holds a higher rank than himself) is a devout Christian. The people are very well behaved, and, although they had plenty of chances of stealing, I did not lose anything of consequence. For knives, Jew's harps, calico, and other trifles they readily assisted in making a fence for an experimental cotton plantation I established, felling trees and going into the forest with me. From Somo- somo I shifted my head-quarters to Port Kin- naird, on the south-eastern side of the Island of Ovalau, where I was kindly received by air. Pritchard, the British Consul, and where 1 hoped to find Colonel Smythe, whom I had been directed to join by her Majesty's Govern- ment. Owing to the war in New Zealand, the gallant colonel had not yet arrived, and Mr. Pritchard and myself therefore determined to proceed eastward to explore the little-known parts of Viti Levu, one of the continents of the Fijian world. We set off on the 28th of July in the consular gig, and on the same day reached Bau, the capital of Fiji, where we stopped at the house of Mr. Collis, a gentle- man connected with the mission. Until 1854, Bau was - opposed to the missionaries, and the ovens in which the dead bodies of human victims were baked were scarcely ever cold. Since then, however, a great change has taken place. The King and all his Court have embraced Christianity; the heathen temples are in ruins ; the sacred groves in the neigh- bourhood cut down ; and in the great square, where formerly the cannibal feasts took place, a large church has been erected. It was not without emotion that I landed on this blood- stained soil, where, probably, greater iniquities were perpetrated than ever disgraced any other spot on earth. It was about eight o'clock in the evening, and, instead of the wild noise that greeted former visitors, one heard neatly from every house family prayers. To bring about such a change has, indeed, required no slight efforts, and many valuable lives had to be sacri- ficed ; for, although no missionary has ever met with a violent death, yet the list of those who have died in the midst of their labours is proportionally very great. The Wesleyans,' to whose disinterestedness the conversion of these most degraded of human beings is due, have, as a society, expended £75.000 on this object ; and if the private donations of, friends to individual missionaries are added, the sum swells to the respectable amount of £80,000. From Bau we proceed to Rewa, by way of Nakelo, one of the great rivers of Viti Levu, and connected by a canal with the Rewa river. This canal is probably the greatest piece of ingenuity ever executed in these is- lands ; affording a proof of how thickly the land must have been populated to allow of such an undertaking, when there were nothing but staves to dig the ground, and baskets to carry it away. It has not been ascertained how long ago this canal was cut ; all that can be eluci- dated from inquiries, is that it was cut long ago, and for the purpose of carrying out a mili- tary stratagem. We passed the town of Rewa, and, dropping down the river, took shelter for a few days in the mission at Mataisuva, where there is an institution for training native teachers, under the superintendence of the Rev. W. Moore, who, as an apt Fijian scholar, de- votes some of the few leisure moments he can snatch to a subject hitherto much neglected, that of collecting the old songs of the natives, now fast fading away. A coasting voyage of several days, which afforded ample opportunities of seeing places of interest and enriching my collections, brought us, towards sunset on the 5th of July, to the Navua, one of the largest rivers in Viti Levu, and not yet explored by any scientific man. There are several extensive deltas at its mouth, composed of rich alluvial soil, and ex- ceedingly well adapted for cotton. From infor mation gathered I was led to conclude that the sago palm was a member of the Fijian Flora. My inquiries commenced in the eastern part of the group, and I was always directed westward, and assured at every place that I should find the object of my search a few miles further on -but that not proving the case, I began to look upon it as a mere phantom, when at last, after a search of several hundred miles, whole groves of fine sago - palms greeted me on the banks of the Navua river. This is an interest- ing discovery-botanically, because no sago palm had ever been found so far south; philo- logically, because the plant is here termed ' Soga,' calling to mind the names of Sagu, or Sago, by which it is known in other districts peopled by the Papuan race ; and, commerci- ally, because it adds an important article to the export list of these islands. The Fijians made no use of the farinaceous pith the Soga con- tains, though that of the Cycas circinalis of the district is converted into cakes eaten by the chiefs. We were soon at Navua, a town some three miles up the river, and the residence of Kuruduadua, thc great chief of this district. A messenger having been despatched from our last halting-place to announce our visit, we found tho chieftain seated in his large house, surrounded by councillors and attendants, awaiting his guests... As this chief and his terri- tory are but little known to the whites, our arrival created a great sensation. The cere- mony of presentation is novel. On entering the house, Wise, our interpreter and guide, as already schooled, addressed the chief to the effect that the Consul had come to introduce a chief from England, who had been sent to ex- plore the country, and that we purposed doing ourselves the honour of being his guest for seve- ral days. After a few minutes' silence, the chief orator replied, in the name of Kurudua- dua, that the stranger chief and the Consul were welcome, for their presence conferred a distinguished honour on Navua, and the neigh- bouring tribes should know the fact as soon as the great drum could sound forth its rolling peals. As he concluded, all the men in the house clapped their hands, and exclaimed -* mana, mana, mana !' At the same instant, the great drum, or ' lair,' was beaten lustily, and our prescence in Navua was heralded throughout the district. The chief's eyes glistened, and a proud smile of exultation gleamed over his face as we threw ourselves at full length on the clean mats spread for us. Our loquacious interpreter here began to describe a huge iron pot that was near the door, and to tell how wickedly it had been ap- propriated to boil the carcases of slaughtered men instead of beche-le-mer. A rather un- pleasant feeling stole over us, and we thought of friends and homes far away ! Our peace of mind, however, was soon restored, when the chief proposed that we should join him in a bowl of yagona, a beverage prepared from the root of the South Sea pepper, by being masti- cated by young men, and tasting like soapsuds, jalap, and magnesia! A baked pig and some half-dozen baskets of yams were next brought in by women, headed by the chief's favourite wife, all crawling on their hands and knees. Hungry as we were, the story of the big pot made us revolt from this frugal meal. But Kuruduadua is not now a cannibal, and sum- moning courage, and ascertaining that it was a real pig we beheld before us, we dined. It is a curious fact that Fijian etiquette does not permit the host to partake of that which he provides for his guests; and the chief eyed us askance as we ate. About this time a carronade, that guarded the entrance to the house, was dis- charged - emphatically to demonstrate the chiefs delight. ' Yagona' was masticated and drunk every half-hour. We observed that the string by which the bowl, is suspended when not in use was always thrown towards the chief. The object of this is to distinguish the ' great man,' for if any one incautiously walked upright in his presence, the club was his fate. Kuruduadua has ten wives, and as he himself does not exactly know the number of his chil- dren, we are left ignorant on this point. The great drums were beaten every hour of the night, in honour of the guests, but much to our annoyance, for they kept us awake some time after we retired. Our bed was made of several layers of mats, and over us was a large mus- quito screen, about twenty feet long, made of the bark of the paper mulberry. As many as eight or ten natives sometimes sleep together under one of these screens. Before retiring, the consul presented various articles, as knives, axes, prints, &c.;, to the chief ; and the usual complimentary speeches expressive of mutual confidence and good-will ensued. On the following morning ' Harry, the Jew,' presented himself, the only Englishman who has lived for any length of time in the wild and unknown regions of the interior,'and has managed to throw a halo of mystery, round himself. His real name is Henry Danford, and he has been sixteen years with Kuruduadua, living like a Fijian. His story is full of adven- ture. Born in London, he was early appren- ticed, first to one and then to another trade, but-his employers being all men with whom he ' could not agree,' he left them in disgust, and took to the sea. This brought him to the South Pacific, where he discovered, that the captains be had to deal with were disagreeable men ; and, after changing from vessel to. vessel, he finally ran away at Tonga. There, after twelve months' residence amid many privations, partly caused, by a general famine, he perceived the Tongese, too were disagreeable people!, and at once took passage, in a canoe for Kadavu, in this group. Arriving at that island in dis- tress, from heavy weather, the canoe was seized and the crew condemned to the oven, thus finding the Kadavu people more disagreeable even than the Tongese. By strategy, however, he suc- ceeded in making his escape to Rewa, where he remained some time with other white men. To one Charles Pickering, a celebrity of Fiji, and the hero of some capital anecdotes, he sold a pinchbeck watch that only went when carried. Whence he got this precious article he says it is unnecessary to tell, enough for the history that as soon as he received the price thereof from Pickering, he jumped into a boat and started off for a distant part of the islands, con- demning the white men as a disagreeable set of fellows- In his peregrinations, he met one, " Flash Bob," for whom be acted as amanuensis in the selection and purchase of a ladylove from a native chief. This brought him once more into contact with the disagreeable whites. He now commences a beche-le-mer establishment, in conjunction with his friend Pickering, who had given him the name of ' Harry the Jew,' in consequence of the watch transaction. After being some months in his new business, his house is burned by a party of natives. He quar- rels with Pickering about his share in the pur- chase of Flash Bob's wife. Pickering takes everything away, leaving him once more penniless, shirtless, and friendless on the beach. Kuruduadua, bearing of his forlorn condition, sent him an offer to reside at Namusi, his mountain fortress, which offer was accepted. On reaching the town, he was met by messengers, who carried him on their shoulders. The chief then gave him wives how many we shall not say-yam plantations, taro gardens, pigs, and all the etcetera of Fijian life. He was also raised to the dignity of a brother, and allotted slaves to attend upon him. Our hero - happy man !-now, for the first time in his life, found an agreeable companion in Kuruduadua. In return for the dignities heaped upon him, Harry was to repair the muskets of the tribe, and to tell the chief stories about the white men and their country. Having, for about a week, been an errand boy to a London'apothecary, be was able to dis- pense bread pills to the sick, and thus to assume another important stand in his new life. The chief appears to think much of this man, and consults him upon all matters re- specting both natives and foreigners. Like most of the whites, who have lived like natives, he looks a shriveled-up specimen of mortality, and thinks himself a man of mighty impor- tance. We were much struck with the fact that all the young lads were in a state of ábsolute nudity, and, on inquiry, learned that prepara- tions were being made to celebrate the induc tion of Kuruduadua's eldest son into manhood, and that, until then, neither the young chieftain nor his playmates could assume the scanty clothing peculiar to the Fijians. A rebellious town, consisting of about 500 people, was des- tined to be sacrificed on the occasion. When the preparations for the feast were concluded, the day for the ceremony appointed, Kuruduadua and bis whole tribe were to make a rush upon the town, and club the inhabitants indiscriminately. The bodies were then to be piled into one heap, and on the top of all a living slave would lie on his back. The young chief would then mount the horrid scaffold, and standing upright on the chest of the slave, and holding in his uplifted hands an immense club or gun, the priests in- voke their gods, and commit the future warrior to their especial protection, praying he may kill all the enemies of the tribe, and never be beaten in battle, a cheer and a shout from the assembled multitude concluding the prayer. Two uncles of the boy were then to mount the human pile, and to invest him with the 'Malo,' or girdle of snow-white tapa, the multitude again calling on their deities to make him a great conqueror, and a terror to all who breathe enmity to Navua. The ' Malo ' for the occasion would be, perhaps, two hundred yards long, and six or eight inches wide. When wound round his body the lad would hardly be perceivable, and no one but an uncle can divest him of it. We proposed to the chief that we should be allowed to invest his son with the 'Malo,' which he at first refused, but to which he consented after deliberation with his people. At the appointed hour the multitude collected in the great house, or ' Bure.' The lad stood upright in the midst of the assembly, guiltless of clothing, and holding a gun over his head. The Consul and I approached, and, in due form, wrapped him up in thirty yards of Man- chester print, the priest and people chanting songs, and invoking the protection of their gods. A short address from the Consul suc- ceeded, stirring the lad to nobler efforts for his tribe than his ancestors had known, and pointing to the path to fame that civilisation opened to him. The ceremony concluded by drinking yagona, and chanting historical re- miniscences of the lad's ancestors,-and thus we saved the lives of 500 men ! During the whole of this ceremony, the old chief was much affected, and a few tears were seen stealing down his cheeks. Soon, however, cheering up, he gave us a full account of the time when he came of age, and the number, of people that were slain to celebrate that occasion. Finding that Kuruduadua was a man in whom confidence could be placed, we made arrangements for going to Namusi, so as to connect the discover- ies of M'Donnald and Waterhouse with the southern coast of Viti Levu ; but as the weather bad become extremely boisterous, and heavy rains had rendered travelling in the interior im- possible, we determined to wait for more favour- able weather, and direct our steps to other parts of the group. We are now again on the road to Kuruduadua's dominions, and I hope to he able on a future occasion to send a few lines about the doings of the mountain tribes of Fiji. BERTHOLD SEEMANN." 