. ..TOWN TALK.,!. 'I'iiero vras a much smallar attendance: of the public in tho Legislative Council chamber yesterday than usual on tho occasion of a prorogation. This was chiefly owing to liio 'uncertainty that existed as to whethor Parlia ment would, ho prorogued, ns tho messago ; received from His Fxccllency on tho previous day only stated that ho would attend to assent to bills. Thoro was also a much smaller attendance of ladies, but that, we presume, was; ns much owing to tho inclomcucy of tho weather as to any other causo. His Excellency on arriving in .Parliament yard was received by a guard of honour, consisting ' of n hundred men of the 40tli Kcgiment under Capt. Hinds, and tlio inrgo crowd assembled outside lestijied their approbation of tho course His Excellency; had pursued in regard to recent proceedings in tlio Assembly by rcilcrntod cheers that wcro distinctly; audible in the Council chamber. His Excellency, who was nccompnniod by liis 6tiiff and- by General Pratt nnd staff, having entered tho house, commanded tlio usher to summon the hicmbors of tho : Assembly to attend in tho .Legislative Council. Tlio Speaker, neeompaniod by tho members of tho Assembly, shortly afterwards appeared at tlio1 bar and presented the Appropriation Bill, to which His Excellency at once assented, though it is customary to rcservo it till all other. bills have been assented to. Tho announcement by: tho clerk, that tlio bill had boon assented to was ' r. ecived by .unseemly cries of '.' Hear, hear" by members of tile Opposition. Sovoral qlhcr bills were t hon assciitcd to, after wliicii ilik Excellency proceeded to read tho prorogation : speech. Several paragraphs in tho portion addressed to tho members of the Legislative Assombly, adverted in strong terms' to tho conduct of tho Opposi- tioii with respect to the Appropriation Bill. Those HisExcellencyrcad with marked delibera! tion and emphasis. On concluding tlio lust paragraph of this povtion of the address which affirmed tliat the attempt that had beou mado to coerce tlio Executive would provo not nioro fatal to the prerogative of tlio Crown than llio' liberties of tlio people, His Excellency was interrupted by cries of "Ho, no," by Mr. Wood and Mr. Pyke. Tlie irregularity attrac ted tlie attention of His Excellency to tlio quarter Irom wlicuco it' emanated; and tho Spoakor at tlio samo tiuio turno l a look of savoro displeasure towards tlio offending mem- bors, while other j hon. members expressed their disapproval of tlio impropriety by general cries of ." Hush, hush " and "Order." Mr. Wood appeared to fool tho consuroas descrrcd' but Mr. Pyko only aggravated his insullin-r conduct by swaggerjngly turning his back upon His Excellency, and remaining in that position till tlio reading of tlio address was con cluded. The coriduot of botigion. members it is scarcely necessary to say -was condemned in shongly expressive. terms, both by thoso who witnessed it aud all who heard, of it outsido tlio House. Tho address oif His Excoliency con- cluded by declaring tho Parliament to bo m' rogucd to tho 17th inst. An escort of u Volunteer Cavalry attended His Exeollonov'0 return, nnd tlio firing of a snluto was soon heard from tlio guns of tlio Volunteer ArtilleiV at Princes Bridge. , . Tho Speaker, attired ill his State robos, took tho Chair in the Assembly yesterday at about tlio usual time. Somo papers wero laid on the table by Ministers, nnd n report from the Printing Committco was brought up „ few quest ions upon mn'ters of departmental detail wcro disposed of nnd then lion, members nimiscd themselves by questioning tho Trca- siircr, without notice, respecting the rumoured resignation of Colonel Pitt, and tho cause thereof. Before Mr. Yerdon could giro suth. factory replies, lie .was interrupted by (ho entrance of tlio Usher of tho Council with a messago from tho Govornor, to tlio < (Feet thnt His Excellency requested tho attendance of tb'0 " honourable houso" in tho upper chamber Tho message was promptly complied with ; and boil, members (perhaps this is the las't tim'c ,'ro slm'.l liavo the pleasure of styling them so, let us mako tho most of itl hoard lit. ir ' , lency's speech, and retired upon his .declaration that .tlio Parliament "is hereby prorogued " Sir. Francis Murphy .returned to the Assombl'v chamber, followed by u goodly number of tlio People's representatives. Era ho reached the table, Mr. Wood, pursuing liim in hot haste, called out—Mr. Speaker, or, now Sir Franeis Murphy — I think, Sir, tlio Parlianiont-I mean tho Legislative Assembly, has been insulted. (Sir Francis turned nnd was moving away with a smilo.) « I think you, sir," eon- tinned the ex-Attornoy-Generul, "as tho head of this Assembly; should havo left the nouso (tho ' Council) upon" hearing such nn insulting address." Laughter, confusion, nnd some signs of approbation from the surrounding members greeted this . speech ; and in the meaiilimo .Sir Francis moved up tho chamber nnd took a scat at tho table. Mr. Wood said ho would not stop to lieur tho address read agnin, and lio immediately retired. .Unparlia mentary rcadors will understand that tho IIouso being now out of session tho Speaker eould not take " tho » Chair ; and that any spccchirytng was purely gratuitous. Mr. Mich ic c.imo in just as Mr. Wood was leaving, and said-" Mr. Speaker, —With reference to tlio notion taken in another placo" Sir Francis lind cominenocd to rend tho speech, and spite of interruptions he quietly continued. When he nrrivod nt tlie paragraphs referring to tlio limitation ehuiso inserted in tlio Appro priation Bill, somo of" tho : members of Her Majesty s (late) Opposition" groaned most emphatically, Mr. Tyho and two or three others intimately' associated with 'him being actually vociferous in their display of dis appointment 'nnd chagrin.' As Sir Francis vnEn from his Bolf-imposcd and. courteously- ner- formed task, Mr. Pyko cried out : — "I more that -it bo destroyed !" and, suiting the action to the word, lio (ore tho printed copy of tho speech (which tho clerk hnd a few minutes before given' to him) into pieces, -scattering them on tho floor nnd trampling on them. This exhibition having mot with an almost in- atulibio manifestation, cf applause, '"mingled with n storm of laughter und derision from tlio majority of thoso. prcsout, Mr. Pyko ; evidently thought ho had not gone. fur enough. l."i :3 1 , io gavo premonitory symptoms of a danco of defiance, but . stopped after a few liard stamps on tho carpet and a gyration or two. Ho then oxeitodly. rushed to the clerk's table, and taking up another slip of tho speech lie crushed it up and applied it to tlio candle. : It had just caught fire ;' when an irrepressible though perhaps imprudent laugh from tho reporters' ' gallery seemed to strike upon his ear, and. lio desisted,, and hurriedly mingled with tlio retiring throng : of members. Tho tlast soenq of tho proceedings of tlio Houso :was a warm, shaking , of hands between Sir 'Francis and several gentlemen who appeared .to havo gained his respect and to onjoy his 'friendship ; .others wero furtively emptying i their drawers and boxos of papers, evidently. I under the conviction that thoy would: never bo ! privileged to fuso them again. i : f Tho. Victorian Bailivay lino. is to bo opened' jofficially on Saturday next, . from Sunbury to AYqodond, when a train will proceed from the Melbourne .Station at ten .o'clock n.m., with the Government officials and a number of ladies ' and. gentlemen who havo been invited to ac company tho party. Tlio lino will bo publicly opened on Monday, by n more formal core" mony. A grand ball is to bo given in tlio evening at the now station, and otlicr festivities will celebrate the occasion. Particulars of the Ball appear in an advertisement. : ' . Wo understand that, as a very appropriate aieompanimcnt ' to tho opening of the new .portion of' tlio Victorian Railways, a 'subscrin- ,tion libs-been sot on foot for a testimonial to Mr. Briico1; and a very handsome I sum wo Believe lias already been rcaliscd'in tho several townships along the lino. An ordinary meeting of the Long Gully Mining Company was. held- yesterday after-, noon nt tho offices of tbo mauagor, in Collins street west, for tlio purpose of receiving tho report of tlio directors, and for the transaction of ordinnry business; Mr. John Ilalfoy in tho iehair. The company's assets amounted in all to L88G2 133 Id ; nnd tho uncalled capital to LI 2,500. Tho pnid up capital was set down as L19,G92 17s Gd. On tlio motion of Mr. Allan, seconded by Mr. Prince, the adoption of tlio report _ was carried unanimously. |JIr. Moore moved, end Sir. Allen seconded, "That u call of ono shilling pel, share bo made, pay- ' ublo iii ten days." .This was put and carried, it. ho present du'cctors . were re-elected for tho uusuiug two montns. alio report of tho mining manager stated that the shaft had ,bccu sunk 282 feet, and required to bo sunk GO or 70 feet more, at, an cxponso.of about L10 a foot.. The works liadjrecontly been relot, at a saving or L2 per foot, At tho present time tho com pany is not in debt, and has a.balanco in tlio . bank of L63 8s lOd. - Tlio weokly outlay is estimated at about LIO. ' W" have received two letters from Horsham, —ono from Mr. Clark, and tlio other from Mr. : Mitchell,— on tho subject of hawkers' licences , but wo seo no good likely to corno out of their publication. Assumiug the statomont of a. ; former correspondent to have boon a little too highly coloured,' perhaps amounting even to i cenBoriousness, it is better to let the motter | .drop, now that tho facts are before us; and that j wc are not in danger of being again misled, : Thero wore a largo number of meetings in the Insolvent Court yesturdny, hut tho bus'.- | hess dono was absolutely nil. Sir Gcorgo' i Stephen, in referring to " tho doprcssion of t business" (ono of tlio lievor-fuiling causes of | insolvency), 'which had found ils way into tlio j Insolvent Court, remurkod that if tho Appro j priation Act wore 'not eoon passed, they would - have plenty, of .business by tlio influx of civil | servants, who would bo compelled to IHo their. | schedules. His Honour suggested that in tho | ovent of such au emorgeney the most conve- niont 'course would bo for tlio gentlemen to i eomo up in " departments." — \ The nnnual mooting of tlio l'ort Phillip Fanners' Society was hold yesterday nt tho Mechanics' Institute. Tho office-bearers for tho ensuing year woro elected. Several notices of motion wcro disposed of, tho most impor tant of which was ono to givo money, plate, or ' medals, to tho successful exhibitors nt the society's shows, to bo selected at tlioir own option. The proceedings lasted four hours and : a half. Tho Eendir/o' Advertiser understands " that Cobb and Co.'s agents in Sandhurst hnvo ro \- ceived n telegram from Mr. Howilt, in Mel bourne, staling his intention of leaving there to-morrow (this day), and requesting prepara tions to bo made for forwarding himself and. party from here to Swan Hill on Friday 1 morning." A meeting of tho Caledonian Sooiely was held yesterday afternoon, nt their offices in Queen street, Mr. Robert Dieksoii, ono of tho Yico-presidcnts, in tlio chair. The business to bo transacted was tho election of directors. A ballot was taken, with tho following result. — : President, Mr. Angus M'Millanj Yico-'prosi- dent, Mr. P. Langwill ; Directors, Messrs. John Grant, Dr. Haddcn, J.Y. A. Bruce, Ihomas Dickson,' John Campbell, D. E. Thom son, Geo. Simpson, Hon. G. Urquhart, M.L.C.i John Dnnlop, "W. P.' M'Girr, J. S. Butters, to rt TTamilton, nn'd Dougald M'Dougall. On Monday nest a ball is to bo given nt "VVoodend, in connection with tho.',! recent- ' opening of tho railway to that, placo. Wo understand thnt , tho catering arrangements nro to bo under the superintendence of Messrs. M'Girr nhd ICnight. Tho whole affair is expected to bo attended with eclat. Tuesday's Tarreiigomcr Times says a — "Tho "railway to Woodoud is, at length, to b'o opened, and next Monday is tlio - day fixed for' the ceremony. A great stir is to be made, and our . Volunteers, bund- and all; arc making propara- . tions to do honour to the event by going down en masse; Cobb's coaches have made arrange ments for carrying an almost fabulous quantity . of grey coats and rifles from here, and tlio . Kyncton mounted corps will also. attend. His' Excellency ami Lady Barklyaro expected too, and, on tho whole, Woodend wiU .present an' extraordinarily gay appearance for onco in its existence at least." In tlio How Court,- yesterday, His Honour Mr. Justice Molcsworth delivered judgment on' the application of the French Consul for pro. bate of tho will of Albans Do Lagnrdc, and refused' tho probate, holding that tho will was invalid according to tho English law. An application will probably now bo made by the Curator of Intestnto Estates to administer tho cstntc. Tho judgment is an important-one, as nifecting tho practice which'must be observed by foreigners in future, and it, will bo fourid'.in another column. Wo givo tlio following on dits from the Castlcmaino, correspondent of tho Tarrengowcr Times, and our readers must lake tliem. -for vrliat they are worth " In the first place I may say that Licutonnnt Smith, who was recently. elected, is pnything .bnt satisfied hvitli the price of. his brief legislatorial . honours- Kumour fixes tho price that he paid,; for his whistle at LSOO, and in this case I belicvo ' rumour is thorp or thereabouts. It cannot well bo cxpeetod that any one cares nboiit pay- ;ing L150 per week ;for tho , distinguishing letters, M.D.A - The ox-whrden, thoroforc, ' intends to set his fneb against any further 'out- ' lay, and it is said that Mr. Pykb has suddenly been scizpd.with qualms of; conscience to such . a degree, . thnt ho too will decline to. expend substantial coin for an unsubstantial honour, and what is worse threatens to prosecute 'with , the utmost' rigour of tlio' law' any ono. who does unlawfully, and against tho statute made and provided dispense uny of tlio pleasnn persuaders that havo hitherto been in voguo." Tlio trial of Benjamin Grayson on tho . chnrgo of stubbing was concluded, at tlio 'County Court General Sessions yesterday, and 'resulted in a verdict of acquittal. Richard Barrett was ngai.ii brought up on tho qhargo of ; having. embezzled certain. sums.of money wliilo in the employment of tlio Sewerage mid Water "Department. Mr.'. Birnio defended the prisoner. , The Jury returned a vordict of Hot guilty. , .; Ilis Honour Mr.' Justice Molesworlh. will take motions, of course in tho 'Hew Court this morning, and ho will. then proceed with tlio hearing of Ford v. Clarke, : which lias boon commenced by a' demurrer for tho defendant Kae. ' The following is from Tuesday's North Western Chronicle :— " On Saturday last, four miners, respectively, named Travers, Wells Roberts, and Bonnerman, brought into Back Creek, from Gibraltar, a splendid specimen of quartz and gold conjoined, which they had found in their claim there during the Monday previous. It appears the man by whom it was found was, at the time, ' knocking down' wash- dirt, and while beating two pieces together, to remove the loose sand from around them, his attention was attracted by a glittering from one of the stones. On inspection, oe of them — the specimen in question — proved to be per- meated with gold. It is about equal in size to a potato of moderate weight, and is estimated by competent authorities to contain from 16 to 20 ounces of gold. The golden stone may be soon in the window of the London Chartered Bank. Travers and Co. were the prospectors of the lead, which is about 70 feet deep, from which the specimen was taken, and at the time were washing from 6 to 7 dwt. only to the load. It would be a very good plan to crush the wash-dirt obtained at this spot, as, where there is one specimen like that hereinmen- tioned, it is very likely several others exist, and may be lost if the mill is not brought into requisition. We are told by Travers and Co. that it was by the merest chance they did not throw the specimen away, as they were quite unprepared for such a 'find.' " , Of lato a largo number of obsceno stereoscopic viows have been exhibit od both' inside and out- Bido many of the shops of photographic artists in town. At tlio District Court yesterday a charge was' preferred by Mr. Inspector Brani- gnn against an artist for 'offering obscene viows for Bale. Tho Bench considered the enso fully proved, but as tlioy had -not it in their power to inflict a lino- but only to imprison, the de fendant was cautioned rind discharged. It is to be- hoped that this decision of tlio Bench will net as a caution to others who may have similar pictures in their, possession from ex. posing them to tho public vio'w in tlioir shops. The Eallaarat Times hears -that tho China man, Ah Boo, who has been for Borne time engaged in dotcctivo duties in this nnd other districts of the colony, is about to proceed to Hong Kong, accompanied by a member of the detective force, for tho purposo of bringing' back n Chinaman, charged with having mur dered a deaf and dumb nian'somo timo ngo,J in tho Ca3tlcmaine district, by stabbing him when found alone in his tent, in the hope of plunder; I - . - A well-known thief, named Isaac Stnndish, was yesterday ccinmittcd for trial, at the City Oiurt, on no less tliuu four distinct charges of cattlo and pig stealing. The charges wcro all distinctly proved, nnd partially admitted by the prisoner himself. Tho Mount Alexander Mail hoars, but does jot bcliovo, that Mr. Georgo Milner Stephen has boon invited to Btand for Casllcraaine, and h is) consontcd. Tho Castlcmaino correspond" ant of tho Tarrengower Times repents tho former port of tln3 statement, with this addenda, that. Air. Stephen is to bo backed with cash to any amount, but not tho latter. Tho District Coroner held an inquest yester day, nt tlio Yarra Bend Lunatic. Asylum, on tho body of Eichard Downey, who died on the 80th ult.- from abscesses in tlio, brain. Do" ceased was admitted on tlio 19th of Juno last, in a helpless condition. Wo tako tho' following from yesterday's Ballaarat Star .- — "Tho suit for dissolution of tho Monte Chrislo Quartz Company was commenced in the " Court of Alines yesterday, nbout half a score of legal gentlemen, appearing in the suit. It was objcclod by counsel for some of the defendants that the company was de-facto dissolved, as tlio act tinder which tho company was formed had not boon obeyed S tho directors had illegally incurred liabilities' thonronertv had been- sold, and,- in any ease' shareholders who hnd paid up were absolved from all liability. To this it was replied, that tho company, though its protection under tho act might bo lost, was still in existence ; that defendants und plaintiffs had, all alike, 'been, guilty of laches ; that a largo number of tho defendants, wcro anxious for the suit to go on ; nnd that all existing rights would best be con served by tho prosecution-, .of tlio suit. His Honour having beard tho arguments pro nnd con., ruled that tho suit should proceed, and cvidcnco was then taken till tho court ad journed, the suit being adjourned till tho 24th inst." A very full - report of tlio hearing appears in another part of tlio same journal. Mr. Blair's " Rica for Ghosts" was listened to by n largo and very attentivo liudicnco in tlio Mechanics' Instil uto last higlit. Tlio lecturer reviewed Air. Alicliio's : leoturo in detail; and combnltcd the facts and arguments put forward in it on tlio threefold ground -. of philosophy, historical facts, and the testimony of diriuo rovclntion. . Under tho first head evidence was adduced from several eminent physiologists as to ; the reality of ; tlio existence' of tho spiritual nature in man, and its indopondoneo of the purely physical being. This established, tlio possi bility of direct communications, and tho ever-surrounding though invisiblo Spiritual world follows as a natural consequence. This possibility is raised into .certainty by number- less well- attested occurrences of spirit appear ances. Tho caso of. Cicsar's vision nt tlio Bubicou, tho vision of Charles the Ninth of Sweden, of Joan of Arc's visions, of. tho .White Lady " of Berlin', of the ghost in tho Wynyard family, of Lord EossmorA's appnri- tion to Sir Jonah and Lady Barriiigton, of Captaiu Kidd's vision of his dead brotlior as told by Lord Byron, of Lord Casllcrengli's vision' of the " Radiant Boy," with some others, Wore cited in proof. Under tho third head, tho lecturer simply opposed tho purely spiritual philosophy und the preternatural facts of Christianity to the ' gross" materialism of Air. Michio's statements,— whicli, by the way, ore borrowed' wholesale from tho well-known little work of Sir Whiter Scott. Tho kudichco not oiily-gavo tho locluro their, undivided at tention for two hours, bnt they seemed to agrco generally ia the facts and conclusions sot forth in.it,. - Bellini's over delightful opera, "Norma," produced at tho Theatre Royal last night for tho first time under tlio present manogemont was a welcome change from tlio inorc showy '.'buV 'also mora 'meretricious works of Yordi, which havo lately occupied so much -of the .public '- attention. : Familiar ns most of tho melodies . in ',' Norma" nro; to tho general public, their intrinsic beauty . effectually pro- serves thorn.- from tho limbo of vulgarity, nnd -oven maintains for them a freshness upon, which; "decay's effacing fingers" can mnko no impression. .Tlio opera itself is unique; in the subject of the libretto, : tho construction of. tlio drama, and tho music, thero is literally notliing to object to. Per, haps tlio full sense of greatness is not realised but. that this work, is distinctly marked with tho autograph of. Genius is unquestionable Bellini's music fulls very short of grandeur, but rises, far above .the level of prettiuess. His phrases aro, equally original and gracoful, and for truo pathos his treatment of melody has ncvor been surpassed. This luttcr characteristic, lias full expression in "Normn," wherein tho'. full maturity of his power as a . composer, was first developed. . However it is rather! too lato in tlio day to attempt to criticiso an; opera which for tlio last twenty-fivo years has held possession of tho lyrio stago with a tenacity wliieh few other works of tho kind can equal, or to add novelty to tlio pro. fossionul biography of tho short-lived genius that composed it. ' So long as Italian opera lias existence, Bellini's work will not bo for- gotton, while tho brief career of its composer will over indicato a remarkable epoch, in tho history of tho operatic drama. Mndnmo Escott has not sufficient of tho physica quality for. a perfect, representative of tho Druid priestess, . nnd the capacity of her voice is scarcely equal to tlio prodigious efforts which somo of the more florid passage9 in the music imperatively demand from tho singer. Tho celebrated " Castu Diva" was seriously injured ' by 'transposition into a key 'owof. than the original, although Afndamc Escott sang tho melody with great taste and correct, expression. Her dolivory of " Ah hello a me ritorna" excited great appluuso by Us clover management. Tho denunciatory sccna iu tho second not, " Oh lion tromnre," rendered with immense energy by this fino actress was equally well appreciated, but licr most successful efforts wcro reserved for tlio last act of tlio opera. Tlio most blaso critic of tho performance could scarcely hope for a sensntion more pungent than what ho must huvo experienced on witnessing tho splendid rendering of so much of tho last sceno of tho opera as is appropriated by tho prima donna. Tho charming duet with Bollio, " Qunl cor trndisti," was vocalised with ox- quisito delicacy and feeling ; nnd tho various passions which Bway tlio mind of Norma at this crisis of her fate were illustrated with almost photographic fidelity in tho cxprcssivo countenance and consistent gestures of Aladnine Escott. Aliss Octovia Hamilton, who renewed her acquaintance with a' theatrical nudienco on this occasion ns Adalgisn sang pleasingly and showed that sho was familiar with the niusic of tlio part. Her first solo, delivered nt tho altar, was characterised by considerable taste, rind in tho duet with Poltio, which iin-. inodiatcly follows, although a littlo more animation would hnvo boon an improvement, llie vocalisation was highly creditable. Tho -famous " Dob conto" with its pretty Bcquonce ' M'r.l a Norma," nnd tlio graceful ensemble " Ah si fino," was delivored with such musical precision, that twice in tlio course of its porformanco an cncora had to bo resistod. Air. Squires made n satisfactory Pollio ; if, indeed, tho representative of so effeminnto and generally contomptiblo a cha racter can produce any effect but that of disgust. Tho music of- tho part is, as might : bo supposed, well suited to this gentleman's voioo and stylo. Tho duet with Adalgisn, 'Vioni in Roma," nnd that with Norma, already referred to, called forth most effectivo vocal display from him. Air. Gregg, who sang Oroycso's music in English, an abomina tion which ought not to be tolerated now however valid tho excuses of former days might have been, exhibited more caro than usual, and tho really painful peculiarities of his mannerism wcro less glaringly obnoxious, . Soma consideration certainly was needed from this gontloman for tho treatment which tlio nudienco experienced at his hands before the representation of the opera commenced. Tho overture had been played, nnd some, fivo minutes had elapsed without any signs of tho elevation of tho curtain, when Air. Lystcr appeared and announced to tlio now impnticnt nudienco that Air. Gregg had not arrived nt tlio Theatre, a fact with which ho had been only just previously niado .acquainted, and that ha hud sent for the absentee, who in nil probability would soon arrive. -The h'ouso received the explanation with modo. rato composure, but a further interval of nearly half an hour occurring without nny alteration in tlio aspect of nffuirs, a dissentient feeling was unmistakably displayed. At length, nt a quarter to nino o'clock, Air. Lyster again came forward and stated that Air. Gregg had arrived, and had excused himself by tho pjea that ho hnd gono to sleep and was not awakened in time by tho person whom ho. hnd dircctod to call him. On Air. Lystcr making Ilis appearance a few hisses were audible, and accordingly ho supplemented his . nxplanaticn with a suggestion, that instead of -hissing him tho malcontents should mako tho porsons who disappointed them' tlio object of their disapprobation. . Ho had spared neither labour nor money in tho production of operas, and if llioso whom ho had engaged did not perform . their duties, it was not his fault. The nnivcto of this rebuke produced its proper effect upon those to whom it was addressed, and Air. Gregg upon his ontranco' us. " Oroveso" had to sing tho, first bare of tlio opening recitation to nri obligiito accompaniment f ff of sibillation. Tlio opera will bo repeated this evening with Signor itnd Signora Bianchi as Pollio nnd Normn. 