THE RAILWAY 'IMPETUS;' 5{ew. South AValeb A*' W ^colony of political hopes and fears— of promises and disappointments. To-day a railroad and nothing but a railroad is the talk, and the sanguine expectation also of all classes of tue community. At theoorners of streets — in nobblcrising p'arties^-at the festive board — in tho. social and family circlo ? everywhere! To-morrow we are 'down in the mouth j' and every man, from tho .least unto tho. greatest, sees little hope intho improved transit question, except in a Blow-coaoh tramway. Then again ? and suddenly — a new 'report' emanates from the' national ;' Sanhedrim*' in Macquarie-street, ' and ?? a ? ? willing publio begin ' to' look up. Wagers are laid, ' for tho ; spooiul prospec tive benefit 6f- . tho . dealers in ? ' new hats,' that in throe— four— though some say fifteen or twenty— years,:';stations' will have been added to the ; public establishments of Bathurst j whistles will be uttering their Bhrill cry j. locomotives will be , wliizziug ; and our fast competing commercial men will be pass ing and ropassing, with the facility of ghosts, over Macquario Plains/ Lapstone Hill, and Dock River Brideo ; down Ruilway^ Street, Sydney in a trice; do business in the city, get a 'refreshment,' and, up again to Dotiison Bridge in ' no time.' There aro, however, a Yew unbe lieving grumblers, whom nothing will convince. These — howsoever bright the prospect—still ... express -; doubts, and persist in- * 'throwing *? .cold water on the ' thrice-told tale.' Show them how elaborate and clear a re the statements of Mr. Whitton, especially the tonthou sind-per-milo estimate': comparo the os penses of the rival sohemes : boast of twelve miles an hour, over three miles in the same time ; say, if you dare, that Bteatn is before horses — the puff of a ',' high press'uro ' superior to tho traotitn of a 'trt m,' and the only onlig'htenod reply you oan obtain is, ' wish you may get it.' . , ? . Now, setting these few mal-contonts aside, one thing is certain just at present, Bathurst is agaiu in the railway elements, and a mountain tramro'ad ! but as; 'tho, basolo^s fabric of a visio i.' All tho aber rations of ministor-i, aud the broken pro mises of members, are for tho mos'f part forgotten ; n general amnesty in favour of representatives, is as good as proohimed ; merchandize and breadftuffs, in anticipa tion ' is felt' real property in town and country ' is riz ;' and better times than over are o -ming upon every man, woman' and child in the Western Districts. ' Tho uiggardly ask where the monoy is to come from, and are far from being spare in the prognostications of ruin to the country. England, they say, is no criterion ; America no example ; Conti nental countries not to be oo lied: The* first is too rich to compare with ; the next too 'jolly' to be followed; and all tho rest too dishonest to bo safely imitated ; and that the safest courso, wotiH, at any rate, be, to wait a-while. NW, of course, there is a serious side or inta question; ana we therefore ask which of tho parties .to whom wo havo referred are right?. We reply noither the one nor the othor. . .Simply, because they are both extremes. Offered in the above shape tho, assertions made by each side ore more, baro opinions founded upon evident prejudices. A very rudimentary knowledge of figures, and a common sense judcmiont of facts are quite sufficient to enablb a reasonable .mind to deoide, at once as to the results brought out,5in the report of Mr. Whitton. i Only let '.it ,'? bo 'admitted that' ' it ' is a question ' capable of being i tested in this way, and the whole truth, or the whole falsehood, assume which you may, will atYmceJhe evident; '^,How, then, does the case stand ? 'Before answering the question, itis necessary to ob-orve that from the -elaborate ; and unproblem»itical; character of his calculations Mr. Whiiton is. quite . willing.to risk his professional reputation with the Government and the country on ; this stake, Every; thing that would partake of conjecture is discar ded, i Gndien's, elevations, distances are reduced to. plain: iflaure-'tatements.'dn'd the general result is that Railroads would be nreferrable to tra'iirrmds in every im portant respect. They are more speedy, ,l-»ss expensive.; they- meet the wants of the. country, and are more acceptable to an immense majority of the people. ? ,:In estimating tha comparative gradients of the present Wtstern line of road, -(along-, .'which -it 'must be recollected a tramway would have to be constructed.) and the proposed line of railway, ; nearly one quarter of the aggregate elevation is in favour ofrthev rail. The, engines pro nosed to.be used are calculated to take 80 tons, 12 'miles an hour over ,lhe maximum gradient wbiNt it would ' re quire the large number of 184 homes to overcome the same' gradient namely 1 in 8\. And when it h considered that no advantage can be taken in h'irsc traction, of momentum in a desent ; whilst thec n trarv is the case if the locomotive' be issued, the advantage on the score ot cr-irlienfs alone is very considerable: This advantage is made very apparent by * the tables : of gradients for both tin . up and down line by rail. It ? is, ''there shown that tuking the total distance, 220 miles, (up and down traffic ) the full power '.if the engine will heTeq'iired only on 122 milrs and that f t the remaining 97 miles, little or no motive power will be necessary;' whilst, on account of the number of ase«n ding cradi.'nts. both w.iy.-, the full num ber of hornet rpq'i're'l fir t!ie Bteepesi ascent on the line, 'ill h ive to travel the, whole distano'. F r .i-lie cnmpantivp enst of working b'-ith 'sclitfines we refer our readers to Mr. Wuittou-'a report. It is clear and easily comprehended ; und mustconimend i .self, in theresiilts brought oiif, to every tbinkingand linbiasesd mind. We bhould liki the public of B'ltburst to mark their sens3 oT this only, tan giblo movement of tlie question., We'are assured from what we have hear-i and seen since the publication;. of the ' repori ',' th:it a fresh and real im'petui ' has -been triven to the pub ic sentiment concerning the whole question ; and nothing c.im be ir.ore certain than if our ' Transit Asso ciation' would revive the subject, an in teresting and influential move could now be made in the matter of a railway to the West. 