A STRANGE STORY. A NEW TALE, By Sir E. B. Lytton. (From, All the Year Bound.) Chapter XXL The next day, the last of the visiting patients;. to whom my forenoons were devoted had - just- » quitted me, when I was summoned in haste to .- attend the steward of a Sir Philip Derval, not re- \ siding at Jus family seat, which was about, five . miles from L ? . It was rarely indeed that per-.- , buiib au xtu iiuui nit: luwii) wiieji . -jx iuj niguet, rank -than this applicant, . asked my services. ?— But it was my principle to go wherever I was ., summoned ; my profession was not gain, it was healing, to which gain was an accident, not;-; - the essential. This case the messenger reportejl1' as urgent. I went on horseback, and rCalf/ fast; but swiftly as' I cantered through the, . village that skirted the approach to Sir Phi* £r Derval's park, the evident care bestowed on tla'8 ' accommodation of the cottagers forcibly struct, ' me. I felt that I was on the lands of a rich, intell' ligerit, and beneficent proprietor. Entering the ' park, and- passing before the manor- house, th'^'' contrast between the neglect and decay of the ab-., sentee's stately hall andthe smiUng homes? of his villagers was disconsolately mouiriful, ' ?? -. - A n imposing pile, built apparently by Van burgh, with decorated pilastres, pompous portico, , and grand perron (or double flight of stairs to- the^. entrance), enriched with urns and statues, but. discolored, mildewed, chipped, half hidden with unpruned creepers and ivy. Most of the win dows were closed with shutters, decaying for want of paint ; in some of the casements the panes were broken ; the peacock perched on the shat tered balustrade that fenced a garden overgrown; with weeds. The sun glared hotly on the place, and made its ruinous condition still more pain* fully apparent, I was gladwhen a winding in the park road shut the house from my sight., Suddenly, I emerged through a copse of ancient yew-trees, and before me there gleamed, in abrupt whiteness, a building evidently designed for the family, mausoleum. Classical in -its. out line, with the blind iron door niched into stone walls of massive thickness, and surrounded by a funereal garden ot roses and evergreens, fenced with an iron rail, parti- gilt. .. The suddenness with which this House of Dead came upon me heightened almost into pain, if not into awe, the dismal impression which the aspect of the deserted home, with its neighborhood, had made. I spurred my.horae and soon arrived at the door of my patient, who lived in a fair brick house at the other extremity, of the park. '. I found my patient, a man somewhat advanced in years, but of a robust conformation, in bed; hehad been seized with a fit, which was sup posed to be apoplectic, a few hours before ; but maa a1*»oo/3tr acnciVil** anil mit*. f\¥ lirimftilintn r1an» ger. After I had prescribed a few simple reme dies, I took aside the patient's wife, and went with her to the parlor belowstairs, to make some inquiry about her husband's ordinary regimen and habits of life. These seemed sufficiently regular; I could discover no apparent cause for the attack, which presented symptoms not familiar to my expe rience. ' Has your husband ever had such fits before ?' \- ' Never ! ' 'Had he experienced any sudden emotion i Had he heard any unexpected news ? or had any thing happened to put him out ?' . .? '?. , ' ' . ?? , The woman looked much disturbed at these in quiries. I pressed them more urgently. AJb.laat she burst into tears, and, clasping my hand, said, ' Oh ? doctor, I ought to tell you— I sent for yqu on purpose — yet I fear ycu will not believe me— my good man has seen a ghost !' .'.-?? ' A ghost !' said I, repressing a smile. 'Well, tell me all, that I may prevent the ghost coming again.' '?,.'.? The woman's story was prolix. Its substance was this : Her husband, habitually an early riser, had left his bed that morning still earlier than usual, to give directions about some cattle that were to be sent for sale to a neighboring fair. An hour afterwards, he had been found by a shep herd near the mausoleum apparently lifeless. On being removed to his own house, herhad re covered speech, and bidding all except his wife leave the room, he then told her that on walk ing across the park towards the cattle- Bheds he had seen, what appeared to him at ? first, a pale light by the iron door of the mauaolem. On approaching nearer, .this light changed into the distinct and visible form . of his master. Sir Philip Derval, who was then abroad — supposed to be in the East— whei;e he had resided for -many years. The impression on the steward's mind was so strong, that he called out, ' Oh 1 Sir Philip !' when, looking still more intently,. he perceived that the face was that of a corpse. jAs he continued to gaze, the apparition seemed gradually to recede, as it vanishing into the sepulchre itself. He knew no more ; he became unconscious. It was the excess of the poor woman's alarm, on hearing this strange tale that had made her reBolve to send for me instead of the pariah apothecary. She faaoied bo astounding a cause for her husband's seizure could only be pro perly dealt with by some medical man reputed to have more than ordinary learning. And the steward himself objected to the apothecary in the immediate neighborhood, as more likely to annoy him by gosBip than a physician from a compara tive distance. I took care not to lose the confidence of the good wife by parading too quickly my disbelief in the phantom her husband declared that he had seen ; but as the story itself seemed at once to decide the nature of the fit to be epileptic, I began to tell her of similar delusions which, in my experience, had occurred to those subjeoted to epilepsy, and finally soothed .her into the con viction that the apparition was clearly reducible to natural causes. Afterwards, I led her on to talk about Sir Philip Derval, less from ,any curiosity I felt about the absent proprietor than from a desire to re-familiarise her . own mind to his image as a living man. The steward had been in the service of Sir Phillip's father, and had known Sir Phillip himself from a child. He whs warmly attached to his master, whom the old woman described as amanoi'rarebencvolenco and grt'.it eccentricity, which last bho imputed to his studious habits. He had succeeded to the titlo and estates as a minor. For the first few years after attaining his majority he had mixed much in.the world. When at .Derval Court his house had been filled with gay companions, arid was the SWne of lavish hospitality. But the estate was not in proportion to the grandeur of the mansion, still less to the expenditure of the owner. He had become greatly embarrassed, and some loye disap pointment (so it was rumoured) occurring simul taneously %viih his. pecuniary difficulties, he had' suddenly changed his way of' life, shut himself up from his old friends, lived in seclusion, taking to books and scientific pursuits, and, as the old wo-, ''?an said, vaguely but expressively, 'to odd Svs.' He had gradually,- by an economy that, ' rds himself,' was penurious, but which did |» who -reelude much judicious generosity to others, mf thin- e^ °^ n*s debts, and, once more rich, he had m of a;^enly 'fitted the country, and taken to a life W T forr«ravel. He was now about forty-eight years ^J obi, and had been eighteen years abroad. He ?\ ^ote frequently to his steward, giving him '-?.,, .lute and thoughtful instructions in regard to the employment » comforts, and homes of the peasantry, but peremptorily ordering him to spend no money on the grounds and mansion, stating, as a reason why the latter might be allowed to fall into decay, his intention to pull it down whenever he returned to England. ' I stayed some time longer than my engage ments well warranted at my patient's house, not leaving till the sufferer, after a quiet sleep, had removed from his bed to his arm-chair, taken food, and seemed perfectly recovered from his attack. Riding homeward, I mused on the difference that education makes, even pathologically, be tween man and man. Here was a brawny inha bitant of rural fields, leading the healthiest of lives, not conscious of the faculty we call imagi nation, stricken down almost to death's door by his- fright at an optical illusion, explicable, if examined,. by the same simple' causes which had impressed me the night before with a moment's Jbelief in a sound and a spectre — me, who, thanks to. sublime education, went so quietly to sleep a few minutes after, convinced that no nhan tom, -the ghostliest 'that' ear ever heard or eye ever saw, can be anything else but a nervous phenomenon. Chapter XXII. \- That evening I went to Mrs Poyntz's ; it was one of her ordinary 'reception nights,'' and I .felt that she would naturally expect my attend ance as ' a proper attention.' ;. v I joined a group engaged in general conversa tion, of which Mrs Poyntz herself made the ?centre, knitting, as usual, rapidly while she . talked, slowly when she listened. .. Without mentioning the visit I paid that morn . ing, I turned the conversation on the different country places in the neighbourhood, and then incidentally asked, ' What sort of a man is Sir Philip Derval ? Is it not strange that he should suffer so fine a place to fall into decay ?' The ?answers I received added little to the information . Ihad already obtained. MrsPoyntzJknew nothing 1 of Sir Phillip Derval, except as a man of large ' estates, whose rental had been greatly increased by a rise in the value of property he posseesedin the town of L ? , and which lay contiguous to . that of her husband. Two'. or three of the old ? inhabitants of the Hill had remembered him in his early days, when he was gay, high-spirited, . ... . hospitable, lavish. One observed that the only .'person in L ? whom he admitted to his subse quent seclusion was Dr Lloyd, who was then . ' without practice, and whom he had employed as an assistant in certain chemical experiments. Here a gentleman struck into the conversation. 'He was a. stranger to me and to L ? , a visitor ' to one of the dwellers on the Hill, who had asked leave to present him to its Queen as a great tra veller and an accomplished antiquarian. . Said this gentleman : 'Sir Philip Derval ! I know him. I met him in the East. He was then, still, I believe, very fond of chemical science ; a clever, odd, philanthropical man ; had studied medicine, or at least practised it ; was said to have made many marvellous cures. I became acquainted with him in Aleppo.' He had come to that town, not much frequented by English travellers, in order to inquire into the murder of two men, of whom one was his friend and the other his countryman.' ? 'This is interesting,' said JIrs Poyntz, dryly. ' We who live oil this innocent Hill all \- luvc a tunes ui crime , umruer is tuts yieuBuiuust subject you could have hit on. Pray give us the , details.' 'So encouraged,' said the traveller, good humoredly, ' I will not hesitate to communi cate the little I know. In Aleppo, there had . lived for some years a man who was held by the natives in great reverence. He had the reputa tion of extraordinary wisdom, but was difficult of access ;the lively imagination of the Orientals invested his character with the fascinations of fable; inshort.Haroun of Aleppo was popularly considered a magician. Wild stories were told of his powers, of his preternatural age, of his hoarded treasures. Apart from such disputable titles to homage; there seems no question, from all I heard, that his learning was considerable, his charities extensive, his- manner of life irre proachably ascetic; He appeara.to have resem bled those Arabian sages of the Gothic age to whom modern science is largely indebted— a mys tic enthusiast but an earnest scholar. A wealthy and singular Englishman, long resident in ano ther part of the East, afflicted by some languish ' ing disease, took a journey to Aleppo to consult this sage, who, among his other acquirements, was held to have discovered rare secrets in medicine — his countrymen said in ' charms.' One morning, not long after the Englishman's arrival, Haroun was found dead in his bed, apparently strangled, and the English man, who lodged in another part of the town, had disappeared ; but some of his clothes, nnd a ... crutch on which he habitually supported him , self,. were found a few miles distant from Aleppo ' ?? near the roadside. There appeared no . doubt that he, too, had been murdered, but his corpse could not be discovered. Sir Philip' Derval had — been a loving disciple of this Sage of Aleppo* to whom he assured me he owed not only that knowledge of medicine which, by report, Sir Philip possessed, but the jnsighij into various truthB of nature, on the promulgation of which it was evident Sir Philip cherished the ambition to found d philosophical celebrity for himself,' ' Of what description were those truths of nature ?' I asked, somewhat sarcastically. *? Sir, I am unable to tell you, for Sir Philip did not inform me, nor did I much care to osk, £or what may be revered as truths in Asia are usually despised as dreams in Europe. To return fe J»y $QTJ- ' Sjr ThUin h.ad been, jn Ajtepp6 a little time before. the murder; had left the Englishman uuder the care of Haroun ; he returned to Aleppo on hearing the tragic events I have related, and was busied in collecting such evidence aa could be gleaned, and instituting in quirics afr.?r our missing countryman at the time that I myself chanced to arrive in the city. I assisted in his researches, but without, avail. The assassins remained undiscovered. I do not my self doubt that they were mere vulgar robbers. Sir Philip had a darker suspicion, of which he made no secret to me, but. as I confess that I thought the suspicion groundless, you will pardon me if I do not repeat it. Whether, since I left the East, the Englishman's remains have been ? discovered, I know not. Very probably ; for I understand that his heirs have got hold of what fortune thathe left — less than was generally sup posed.' But it was reported that he had buried great treasures, a rumor, however absurd, not altogether inconsistent with his character.' ' What was his character ?' asked Mrs Poyntz. ' Oae of evil and sinister repute. He was re garded with terror by the attendants who had accompanied him to Aleppo. But he had lived in a very remote part of the East, little known to Europeans, and, from all I could learn, had there established an extraordinary power, strengthened by superstitions awe. He waB said to have stu died deeply that kuowledge which the philoso phers of old called ' occult,' not, like the Sage of Aleppo, for benevolent, but for malignant ends. He was accused of conferring with evil spirits, and filling his barbaric court (for he lived in a kind of savage royalty) with charmers and sorcerers. I suspect, after all, that he was only like myself, an ardent antiquarian, and cunningly made use of the fear he inspired in order ito secure his autho rity, and prosecute, in safety, researches into an cient sepulchres or temples. His great passion was, indeed, in excavating such remains in his neighborhood, with what result I know not, never having penetrated so far into regions infested by robbers and pestiferous with ma laria. He wore the Eastern dress, and always carried jewels about him. I came to the con clusion that for the sake of these jewels he was murdered, perhaps by some of his own servants, who then at once buried his body, and kept their own secret. He was old, very infirm ; could never have got far from the town without assist ance. ' , 'You have not yet told us his name,' said Mrs Poyntz; . , . . ' His name was Grayle.' 'Grayle!' exclaimed* Mrs Poyntz- dropping her work, ' Loiais Grayle ?' . ' . 'Yes, Louis Grayle. You could . not have known him ?' ' . - . ' Known him ! No. But I have often heard my father speak of him. Such, then, was the tragic end of that strong dark.creaturei for whom, as a youg girl in the nursery, I used to feel a kind of fearful admiring interest?' 'It is your turn to narrate now,' said the traveller. - , ..?:'.. And we all drew closer round our hostess who remained silent some moments, her brow thought ful, her work suspended. : 'Well,' eaid she,; at last, looking round us with a lofty air, Avhich seemed half defying, ' force and oourr.ge are always fascinating, even when they are quite in the wrong. I go with the world, because the world goes with me ; if it did not ? ' Here she stopped for a moment, clenched the firm white hand, and then scorn fully waved it, left the sentence unfinished, and broke into another. ' Going with the world, of course we must match over those who stand against it. But when one man stands single-handed against our match, we do not despise him ; it is enough to crush. I am very glad I did not see Louis Grayle when I was' a girl of sixteen.' Again she paused a moment — and resumed ; ' Louis Grayle was the only son of an usurer, infamous for the rapacity with which he had acquired enormous wealth. Old Grayle desired to rear his heir as a gentleman. ; sent him to Eton ; boys are always aristocratic ; his birth was soon thrown in his te.eth ; he. was fierce ; he struck boys bigger than himself — fought till he was half-killed. My father was at school with him ; described him as a tiger whelp. One day he— still a fag — struck a sixth form boy. Sixth form boys do not fight fags ; they punish them Louis Grayle was ordered. to hold out his hand to the cane j he received the blow, drew forth his schoolboy knife and stabbed the punisher. After that, he left Eton, I don't think he was publicly expelled— too mere a child for that honor— but he was taken or sent away : ed\ieated with great care under the first masters at home : when lie was of age to enter the University, old Grayle was dead. Louis was sent by his guardians to Cambridge, with acquirements far exceeding the average of young men, and with unlimited command of money. My father was at the same college, and described him again — haughty, quarrelsome, reckless, hand- some, aspiring, brave. Does that kind of creature interest you, my dears ?' (appealing to the ladies.) ? 'La I' said Miss Brabaaon ; -f a horrid usurer's son!' '! Ay-truej the vulgar proyerbsays it ia good to b.eborn with a silver spoon in one's mcuth ; so it is when one has one's own family crest on it ; but when it is a spoon on which people recognise their family crest, and crj. out, ' Stolen from our plate chest,' it is a heritage that outlaws a babe in his cradle. However, young men at college who want money are less scrupulous about descent than boys at Eton are. Louis G.ayle found, while at college, plenty of well-born acquaint ances willing to recover from him some of the plunder his father had extorted from theirs. He was too wild to distinguish l}im$elf by academical honors, but my father said that ? the tutors of the college declared that there were not six under graduates in the University who knew as much hard and dry science as wild Louis Grayle. He went into the worW, no doubt, hoping to shine; but' his father's name ?was too notorious to admit the son .into good Bppiety . The Polite World, it ia true,' does, not examine a scutcheon with t,he nice eye of a herald, nor look upon riches with the stately contempt of astoic— still the Polite World ha* its 'family pride and its moral sentiment. It does not like to be cheated — I meaji in money matters — and when the son of the man who has emptied its purse and foreclosed on its acres, rides by itB club ?windows, hand on haunch, and head in the uir, no lion has a scowl more awful, no hytena a }Hugb, moip flr.ea.d, than ihat awe easy, \po^ ' tempered, tolerant, polite, well-bred world | which is so pleasant an acquaintance, : so languid a' friend, and — so remorselses \ an enemy, In short, Louis Grayle claimed the I right; .to. be courted— he was . shunned ; to be! admired— he was loathed liven his old col- j iege. aequaintancea were shamed out of know- ' ing him. Perhaps he could have lived through . all this, had hu sought to glide quietly into position; but he wanted; the tact of the well bred, and strove to' storm his way, not to steal it. Reduced for companions to needy parasites, he braved and he shocked all de corous opinion by that ostentation of excess, which made Hiehelieus and Lauzuns the rage. But then lUcheUeu? and Lauzuns were dukes ! He now very naturally took the Polite World into hate—gave it scorn for scorn. He would ally himself with Democracy; his wealth could not get him into a club, but it would buy him into parliament, he could not be a Lau zun, nor, perhaps, a Mirabeau ; but he might be a Dantoa. He had plenty of knowledge and audicitr, and with knowledge and audiicity a good hater is sure to be eloquent. Possibly, then, this poor Louis Grayle might have made a great figure, left his mark on his age and his name in history ; but in contesting the borough which he was i-ure to carry, he had to face an opponent in a real fine gentleman whom his father had ruined,' cool and high bred, with a tongue like a rapier, a sneer like an adder. A quarrel ef course ; Louis Grayle sent a' challenge. The fine gentleman, known to be no coward (fine gentlemen never are), was at first disposed to refuse with contempt. But Grayle had made himself the idol of the mob ; and at a word from Grayle the fine gentleman might have been ducked at a pump, or tossed in a blanket — that would have made him ridiculous — to be shot at is a. trifle, to be laughed at is serious. He there fore condescended to accept the challenge, and my father was his second: ' It was settled, of course, according to English custom, that both combatants should fire at the same time, and by signal. The antagonist fired at the right moment; his ball grazed Louis Grayle's temple. Louis Grayle had not fired. He now seemed to the seconds to take slow and deliberate aim. They called but to him not to fire — they were rushing to prevent him — when the trigger was pulled and his opponent fell dead on the field. The fight was, therefore, con sidered unfair; Louis Grayle was tried for his life ; he did not stand the trial in person. He escaped to the Continent ; hurried on to some distant uncivilised lands j could not be traced ; reappeared in England no more. The lawyer who conducted his defence pleaded skil fully. He argued that the delay in firing was not intentional, therefore not criminal — the effect of the stun which the wound in the temple had occasioned. The judge was a gentleman, and summed up the evidence so as to direct the jury to a verdict against the low wretch who had murdered a gentleman. But the jurors wore not ?gentlemen, and Grayle's advocate had of course excited their sympathy for a son of the people whom a gentleman had wantonly insulted — the verdict was manslaxighter. But the sentence emphatically marked the aggravated nature of the homicide— three years' imprison- ment. Grayle eluded the prison, but he was a man disgraced and an exile j his ambition blasted, his career an outlaw's, and his age not yet twenty- three. My father said that he was supposed %o have. changed his name; none knew what had become of him. And so in his old age this creature, brilliant and daring, whom if born under better auspices we might now be all fawn ing on, clinging to — after living to old age, ne one knows how— dies, murdered at Aleppo, no one, you say, knows by whom.' ' I saw some account of his death in the papers about three years ago,'* said one of the party, '* but the name was misspelt, and I had no idea that it was the same man who had fought the duel which Mrs Colonel Poyntz has so graphi cally described. I have a vague recollection of the trial ; it took place when I was a boy, more than forty years since. The affair made a stir at the time, but was soon forgotten.' ' Soon forgotten,' said Mrs Poyntz ; ' ay, what is not ? Leave your place in the world for ten minutes, and when you come back somebody else has taken it ; but whenj'ou leave the world for good who remembers that you had ever a place even in the parish register }' *% Nevertheless,' said I, ' a great poet haa said, finely and truly, ?t The sun of Homes shines upon us still.' ' But it does not shine upon Homer ; and learned folks tell me that we know no more who and what Homer was ; if there was ever a single Homer at all, or rather a whole herd of Homers, than we know about the man in the moon, if there be one man there or a million. Now, my dear Miss Brabazon, it will be very kind in you to divert our thoughts into channels less gloomy. Some protty French air ? Pr. Fenwick I have something to1 say to you.1: She drew me towards the window. 'So, Arifie Ash leigh writes me word that, j am noc to' mention your engagement. Do you think it quite prudent to keep it a secret?' ' I do not see how prudence is concerned in keeping it secret one way or the other — it is a mere matter of feeling. Most people wish to' abridge, as far as they can, the time in which their private arrangements are the topic of public gossip.' ' Public gossip is sometimes the best security for the due completion of private arrangements. As long as a girl is not known to be engaged, her betrothed must be prepared for ^a^s,' rA^' nounco the 'engragemervf J and royals are warned off.1' ..-??? ? -? ''. I fear no rivals.' 'D.oyounot? Bold man! I suppose you will write to Lilian ? ' ' ' r ? ? ? ?' Certainly.' | a 'uP-V°! aiu* CQn3tantly- Ps'Tthcway, Mrs Ashleigh, before sh,e vt'nt, -asked, me to send her Daok Lady Hau,ghton's }etter of invitation. ' What for 5 to show tq you : ' ''Yery likely. Have you the letter still } May I see it J J » Not juat at present. When Lilian or Mrs Ashleigh write to yau, come and tell me how they like their visit, and what other guests form the party.' Therewith she turned away and conversed apart with the traveller. ' . ? Her Ayords' disquieted me, and I felt that thty j were meant to do oo. Wherefore, X could not I pe8B, B,u,t tfcVQ U UQ language on earth wiueh, I has mere words with a double meaning than that spoken by the Clever Woman, who is never so guarded as when she appears to be trank. As I walked home thoughtfully, I was accosted by a young man, the son of oue of the wealthiest ' merchants in the town. I had attended him with success, some months before, in a rheuma tic fever ;.he and his family were much attached to me. . . ' 'Ah, my dear Fenwick, I am so glad to see you ; I owe you an obligation of which you are not aware — an exceedingly pleasant . travelling companion. I came with him to-day from Lon« don, where I have been sight-seeing and holiday making for the last fortnight.' ' I suppose you mean that you kindly bring me a patient t' ' ' 'No, only an admirer. I was staying at Fenton's Hotel. It so happened one day that I* had left in the coffee-room your last work on the' Vital Principle, which, by-the-by, the book seller assures me is selling immensely among readers as non- professional as myself. Coming into the coffee-room again I found a gentle--' man reading it. I claimed it politely ; he aa politely tendered' his excuse for taking it. We made acquaintance on the spot. The next day we were intimate. He expressed great interest and curiosity about your theory and your experi ments. I told him I knew you. You may guess if I described you a3 less clever in your practice than you are in your writings. And, in short, he came with me to L ? , partly to see our flourish ing town, principally on my promise to introduce him to you. My mother, you knew, has what she calls a dejeuner tomorrow; dejeuner and dance. You will be there ?' . - ' Thank you for reminding me of her invitation. I will avail myself of it if I can. Yournew friead will be present i Who and what is he ? A medical student ?' ' N6j a mere gentlemen at ease; but seems to have a good deal of general information. Very young ; apparently very rich ; wonderfully good looking. I am sure you will like him ; every body must.' ' ' It is quite enough to prepare me to like him, that he is a friend_of yours.' And so we shook hands and parted. ' (To be continued.) A Dangerous Vagabond. — There were no less than three charges against the same culprit yester day, in the Police Court, each involving an equi vocal assault upon young children. Unfortu nately, the innocents were of too tender years for their evidence to be taken, and upon this the scoundrel in the dock seems to have calculated. We are made sensible of the inevitable deficiency of the best criminal codes, when cases of such a character come into court, and criminals perpe trating attempts most inhuman and revolting, escape with impunity, because the law admits only of evidence direct and under oath. — Ovet\$ Caa&titution;, 2lst December. 