PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. VOICES OF OUB NIGHTS. 6CBUITTED TO THE XMEBICAN POET, BY MR. WBON6FBLLOW. I heard the feline footsteps in the night Pad through tile court and hall! I saw the sable wretch in the moon s light Climb Sirs. Coxc's wall. I felt her (that I did—Tmsure I'm right!) Step o'er mciust above; .. , . , With shrill pathetic mewings through the night, As of a cat in lore. I heard thc sounds of passion and of fight, The caterwauling chimes, ' That fill each attic chamber in the night, Where some started poet rhymes. My niditcapped bead in the cool midnight air Sought vainly some repose; The echo of perpetual squalls rose there— Prom the new cistern rose. Peace, peace! Orestes-like I hrcatlie this prayer; Descend, you green-eyed fright! I hate, while thus vou screech aud spit and swear. The cat-infested night! A POSER. Precocious Pupil—" Please, Miss Jones, what is the meaning of suburbs?'" Governess (who is extensively crinolined)—" The outskirts of a place, my dear." Pupil (seizing Muss J. by the dress)—" Then, Miss Jones, are these your suburbs?" INK, BLOOD, AND TEAKS. (THE TAKIKG OF FORT SUMTEK.) A 40-hours' bombardment! Great guns throwing Their ironhail; shciistheirmad mines exploding; Furnaces lighted; shot at red heat glowing; Shore-batt'ries andfort armament tiriug, blading— War's visible bell let loose for 40 hours. And all her devils free to use their powers— And yet not one man hit, her flag when Sumter lowers. "Olt, here's a theme!" quoth Punch, of brag abhorrent, " "Twixt promise and performance rare propor tion! This show-cloth of live lions giving warrant. Masking some mangy, stunted, stufied abortion; These gorgeous covers hiding emptydishes. These whaie-like antics among iittic fishes Here is the very stuff to meet my dearest wishes. "What ringing on each change on brag and bluster! These figures huge of speech, summed in a zero; This war march, ushering in Bombastes' muster; This entry of Torn Thumb, armed like a hero. Of aU gnat cries e'er raised o'er little wool. Of aU big bubbles by fools' breath filled full. Sure here's the greatest yet, and emptiest, for John BulL 'John always thought Jonathan, .his young brother, A little of a bully; said he swaggered; But in all change of chaff with one another, Nor John nor Jonathan was e'er called laggard. But now, if John mayn't Jonathan style coward, He may hint stripes and stars were better lowered From that tall height to which, till now, their flag staff" towered." Punchnibbed his pen, all jubilant, for galling— When suddenly a weight weighed down the feather, And a red liquid, drop by drop, slow falling. Came from the nib, and the drops rolled together, And steamed, and smoked, and sung—"Not ink, but blood. Drops now, but soon to swell into a flood. Perchance e'er summer's leaf has burst spring's guarding bud. " Blood by a brother's hand drawn from a brother, And they by whom 'tis ta'en, by whom 'tis giveu, Arc both the children of an English mother: Once with that mother, in her wrath, they've striven. Was't not enough, that parricidal jar. But they must now meet in fraternal war! If such strife draw no blood shall England scoff therefore! " If she will laugh through thee her chartered wi , Use thou no ink wherewith to pen thy scoff; We'll find a liquor for thy pen more fit— We. blood-drops—see how smartly thou'ft round ojf Point, pun, and paragraph in this new way Till men shall read and laugh, and laughing; say, ' Well thrust! Punch is in vein; 'tis Ins red-letter day.'" The weight sat on my quill; I could not write; The red drops clustered to my pen in vain; I had my theme—"Brothers that meet in fight, Yet sned no blood!"—my jesting mood turn -my jesting mood turned pain. I thought of all that civil love endears. That civil strife breaks up and rends and sears. And lo, the blood-drops in my pen were changed to tears! And for the hoarse tongues that those hloody gouts Had found, or seemed to find, upon my ears, Came up a gentle song in linked bouts. Of long-drawn sweetness—pity breathed through tears. And thus they sang—" 'Twas not by chance. Still less by fraud or fear, That Sumtcrs battle came and closed, Nor cost the world a tear, 'Twas not that Northern hearts were weak. Or Southern courage cold. That shell and shot fell harming not A man on shore or hold. "It was that all their ghosts who lived To love the realm they made. Came fieeting so athwart the fire. That shot and shell were staved. Washington with his sad still {ace. Franklin with silver hair, Lincoln and Putnam, Allan. Gates, And gallant Wayne were there. " With those who rose at Boston, At Philadelphia met; Whose grave eyes saw the Union's seal To their first charter set. Adams and Jay, and Henry, Koutlcdgc and Randolph, too— And many a name their country-'s fame Hath scaled, brave, wise, and true. " An awful host—above the coast, About the fort they hung; Sad faces pale, too proud to wail, But with sore anguish wrung. And Faith and Truth, and Love and Eutli, Hovered the battle o'er, . Hind'ring the shot, that height of death Between those brothers bore. "And thus it happed, by God's good grace, And those good spirits' band. That Death forbore the leaguer d place. The battery-guarded strand. Thanks unto Heaven on bended knee, Not scoff from mocking scorn, Befits us that to bloodless end A strife like this is borne!" HARDNESS OP THE TIMES. Swell out of luck—What do you charge for blacking a gentleman's boots ! One of the Polish Brigade—Never more than a penny. Sir. Swell—A penny, eh! Well, youngster, since there are two boots, that's a halfpenny a boot, I ; sunnosc—isn't it! Shoeblack (proud of displaying his arithmetic)— In course it is. Sir. Swell—Well, then, black my right boot—Tve only got a halfpenny. A SIMILARITY WITH A VERY GREAT DIFFERENCE. The Queen has recently been sojourning at the White Lodge, Richmond. The usual place of habitation of the President of the United States is, as our readers know, the White . House, Wash ington. Though the two abodes have a similarity of sound in their names, how different must be the feelings of those who at the present moment inhabit them! In the White Lodge, there is com fort, case, repose, mutual love and confidence, and the strongest sense of security; in the White House, there must be anxiety, bustle, intrigue, suspicion, feverish agitation, and the constant dread of rebels invading the sanctity of the thres hold. The inmate of the one is as safe as though shewerein Windsor Castle; the inmate of the other cannot surely divest his mtnd of certain fears that there is a very strong chance of his being turned out, though for ourselves we cherish the hope that old Abe Lincoln will long remain in. The resem blance of the two names has made us allude to the difference of feelings that we fancy must just now be resident in the two places. White and black could not lie more different—in fact; it is all the difference between liberty and slavery. THE RETURN FROM SYRIA. The national air of France under the Empire has been Partant pour la Syrie. The full signi fication of the fondness of our allies for this song was neyer apparent till now, when, having gone to - Syria, and promised to quit it at the proper time, they seem to object very much to being as good as their word. JOKE FOE JOHJOTE BAW. I zee a creetur at a fair. As did astonish me uncommon; . The veaceon't was a hop's, shaved bare; All downards a wus like a 'ooman. The Pig-faced lady she war called; And when the Snowman told us that, "Isav, you Mister," out I bawled, "Thee put her on a Pork Pie Hat!" an imperial enraged musician. The Emoeror of Austria would not mind Kos suth's striiring false notes if they were not likely to create discord in Hungary. FORCE OF HABIT. \- (A tableau for family iieople only.) Adolphus, George,' and Louisa are playing in Kensington Gardens—to them the family doctor unexpectedly appears. A-,. and G-, and L. go through the expressive pantomime of putting out their tongues as a matter of course. JIGS FOB GENTS. A fellow actually advertises Velvertou Waltzes. A Yelverton waltz, we suppose, is a value A<Uax dames. Wc have not even heard these waltzes, and therefore are unable to say if the vileness of the music corresponds to the oflensiveness of their title. Of course we have not seen them danced, because to do that we should have bad to 'mingle with the most awful of snobs, and descend into the most horrible abysses of disgusting black guardism. SHOCKING OBJECTS OF CHARITY. The Education Commissioners have recom mended the discontinuance, in charity schools, of "grotesque peculiarities of costume." In . a school, founded in 1639, for poor boyB born in Cripplcgate, the coat is red, and the breeches are —not blue, like the devil's; no, but they, and the shoes and stockings, used to be orange; wherefore the boys were nicknamed yellow-hammers. She rector of the parish is said to desire the main tenance of this dress, being of opinion that any objection to it is overweights! "by its picturesque appearance in church, and by the fact that it is a visible commemoration of a great event in na tional history." - The treasure of Christ's Hospital is for retaining.the inexpressibly ridiculous cos tume of that charity, on the ground-that; it identi fies the boys, and ensures them protection.in the < streets; It ensures the poor ho™ derision if not insult in the streets; and we should like to<see its advocate himself dressed up in it, aha forced to walk from' Newgate to Apsley House, and bach again. We should also like to have the parson above alluded to rigged out in the Qripplegate uni form, and obliged to make a picturesque appear ance in church. Then we should like to have the reverend gentleman, and the other; put into a pound along with a donkey for a ccrtain time, during which thespectatoxs wim^ tiiiMp three. . A Phonetic Tbanelatioh. —A sporii Somersetshire farmer, who h&d; bbeq wi^coih one morning at the manrion, stalkeaup to the fireplace; over wbSch he observed the weu-knowh , motto, Pra oris «t focis," <for our religion and, fisesides). "Ah! Sovdre." exclaimed the honest reouu, "I «eeit(ai'w4Ulor tho mm ana foxtt 