ST. PAUL'S CHURCH BLANEY. The ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone of the Presbyterian Church at Blaney, took place on Wednesday last. Although the day was cold and showery a considerable number of people comprising Wesleyans, Episcopalians and Presbyterians assembled to witness the ceremony. The proceedings were conducted by the Rev. James Adam, who was accom- panied to the ground by Messrs William Scott, William Cather, Adam Kirkpatrick, John Cather, Henry Ewin, William Chisholm. James Burton, and William Moore, Trustees of the Church. After the reading of Psalm 132nd, and the offering up of prayer. Mr. Adam addressed the assembly in the following terms:— My dear friends, — We learn from the history of David when the Lord had raised him to the throne of the kingdom of Israel and had given him rest from all his enemies roundabout, that his thoughts were very much exercised as to how he would best manifest his gratitude to the giver of all good While he sat in his house calmly contemplating the continuous flow of God's mercies unto him, and the cease- less stretching out of the arm of omnipotence on his behalf, he saw that the ark, that mysterious symbol of Jehovah's prescence, was still in the same state as when the descendants of Israel were accustomed to wander in the wilderness. They had for many years enjoyed comfortable dwellings and enriching possessions, but they never thought of erecting a house in honour of him, who had so highly distinguished them and raised them so far above the level of surround- ing nations. David was grieved to think of the mean curtains that encompassed the ark as contrasted with his own magnificent palace of cedar. We also have been the recipients of innumerable temporal and spiritual bless- ings. These quie, habitations with their surrounding gardens, lands, flocks and herds, and with so many social enjoyments under their roof, are the possessions which the God of the earth has given us; these eyes when suffused with tears, have beamed beneath his smiles ; these feet so many times at the very brink of ruin have been by him restored to paths of rightousness and peace: these bodies of ours so fearfully and wonderfully made and whose existence depends upon so many cir- cumstances, are the monuments of his pre- serving care and mercy, and the souls dwelling in these tabernacles of clay have been through his exuberant love and goodness kept from everlasting fire. But what have we ren- dered unto the Lord for all these benefits ? What mark of gratitude have we shown? Where among all these dwellings is the temple reared to Jehovah's glory and honour from which an influence may go forth check- ing personal dissoluteness, begetting upright- ness of conduct in the transactions of business, producing soft and humane manners in the mass of the community, giving devotion to the heart and a steady direction of the will to the commands of God, filling the human soul with the most sublime of hopes and con- solations, causing thousands of every rank to rejoice, and sending its ripplings of joy and peace along the chequered course of many a voyager to the eternal shores. What peal is there to be heard being borne along on the still Sabbatical air, calling upon those who seek for glory, honour and immortality, to go up into house of God? What table is there ever spread at the head of which Christ can sit and say to those who are enrobed with his righteousness " eat O friends, drink, yea, drink abundantly O beloved ? Alas! hitherto for Blaney the words arising from the conduct of its inhabitants have been those which arose from the Jews of old. 'Tim lime is not oonie, the timotaat the Lord's house should bo built.' Aha on this account, doulif lesi when they hnro «own much th-y lure brouKht in little j when Miey have nte they have not had enough ; their money has beon put into bigs with holes; the hcarena. over them hovo been stayed from dew and tho earth from her fruit. Sorely .there ha» been little of the fear of God in this place. It has boon very pleasing however, to see those oround us this ; ilayin deavouring to ouergo from tho« days of dark no»s, and to walk in' the footsteps of the man according to God's own heart, by resolving to build o house where tho name of tho Lord mny bo called upon 5 whore, prayer and praise may aseond to tho ear of the Lord of tho Sabbath ; where tho'. oracles of Hca von maybe read and preached, sinners humbled, penitents pnrdonod, saints edifiel, and from which life and light may ro forth to s»ve tlie perinhinff and the be nighted. Prom tlio manner iu whioh the undertaking has b.-en commenced, there is littlo danger of tha building failing to bo ereoterl All concerned in it havo. es presso 1 their determination to stand by it till it bo completed. One gentleman iu Bathurat who Ins already oontnbiitod £10 to oaoh of tha three Presbyterian Churches in this dUtriiit whioh wore founded a fewraonths ago and whioh are now nearly completed hat very generously promised to give the snmo sum to tho Blanev Church in the ev^nt of its being erected. If nueh an example wero imitated moro generally amongst those who aro b'essod with this world's isoods.our churohes und chapels would bo got up without difficulty But how very different is tho way in which many act. If they give anything at nil, it is with a grudge as if they wero de voting to tho cause of Heaven a charity or bounty, and not what tliov ought to give 09 a matter of justice. Tho excuse of one whoso flocks and herd* cover many acres of his own purchased land and whom I asked & fow weolts ago to assist in building Carooar Church was ' I do not like tho peoplo of Carooiir, they have novor tried to do me anvthing but harm.' Sorno spend thoir all upon 'pride and sensual indulgence and care not who perish temporally or spiritually. Othorfl store up tho Lord' a monoy for the benefit of thoir children, littlo remembering tlwt such money will prove a oursa if it be not laid out for tho ends appointed by tho Almighty. Thore aro others again who have thoir energies cramped with party feeling and Hire nothing. Only a few thereforo fcol themselves laid under the religious obliaatim of supporting tho goapol ministry and Us requirements, of providing tha funds uocos sary for the oxtension of tho Church, and con vention of thu world, and rendering assistance to educational institutions, hospitals, and bonovolent sociotios. ? Although wo thua express our conviction that this honso of prayer will shortly come to a successful com pletion, wo are not to supposo that tho same result will occur to us which did to Ctosar, wlion ho said ' I canu, I looked. I conquered.' If wo wish to see , the machinery in motion which - is to raise the building from the foundation to the coping, wo must put our shonldor to tho wheol. Besides giving our money, wo must boo that it bo laid out to the ba'st advantage. 'Wo must tako nn active interest in tha work and superintend it. Nor aro wo tn suppose whilst it it) being built that everything wUl go on without any advorso circumstance. Although wo cannot now fore see it there will no doubt be unpleasantness and opposition from some quarter or other. If this bo not tho ease the Blaney Church will be an nnomaly in the history .of churches. 'The other week I happened to be conversing with a gontloman about tho Wcsloynn chapel that has beon erected at GuyonE. Ho was ono of tlio building committee. Among other things he aaid, 'were such a place to be built again, [ would not submit to tho trouble and annoyanco that were connected with it for any money.' I boliove that wore wo to speak to some of tho Trustees of Carcoar and Cowra churches, they would stato tho samo thing. First of nil thore is a difficulty about tlio plan xomc thinking that an architect should bo employed to draw out one and suporintend the building others that it would save money were some one interested in tho undertaking to fujnish it. Several months pass on before that a satisfactory one can be obtained, tho fonnda tion may perhaps be prepared without much trouble. Men aro employed to make bricks biit in consequoneo of being otherwise eniploycd at tho time, they are unaTjlo to com mence 'them till it may bo six months shall havo pMpsed. At length the bricks appear lipoii tho hacks, aro counted out, put into a kiln and burnt, the kiln is opened up and approved of, and the man paid. The bricklayers, in tho meantime being engaged with other buildings thu bricks aro allowed to'stiml.. Tie, hnnrovcr, aftor a tiiho gives information that ho will bo ready to commence the Church in about a fortnight; men aro then engaged' to draw tho kiln up to whore-thq bricks are-to-bo-tisedr -BatO,-s«d and vexatious 1 the very -first load reveals that nr.no of them will do for tlio outside of tlio boildinrr. The frosts and bloik winds of winter 'having gone, tho genial brenth of spring brings back. the brickmakers, who are again engt-rert to niake a number of snitablo bricks, and in ordor that tliero may bo enough made, the bricklayer is anked bow many will ho required. Thu specified number is accord ingly made and thu bricklayer now begins to nut thorn together iu tho slinpo of a building. Tho carpenter, however, a; this late hour of tho day discovers that the window and door frames hnvo not been ordered and that some of thu timber has been wrong cut. The bricklayer nftor waiting n few weeks upon the . nccoxnary tirahur holng ' brought in moves on n little further. But before tho building is rciuly for the coping he usCRiipthe whole of the bricks.- He is several thousands short . A man in tho neighbourhood has n kiln out of which h« promises to Rive tho required i niimtor, but before a month pusses he either uses them all for .his own building or sells them to othtr people. Few hive, patience lo endure these annoynnces and to struggle with tho advene tMe encouraged only bv a huinblu attempt to discharge their dnty Su^h ii the' dreary hiBtory of many a church: Tlo caun no iloubt of many 'of the duUjiiIfids' eennfeted with pnhlio bu'ldinjnis that men do riot ouf a« if the under'aking were their own. Were it)' a dwelling house fir themselves the nhme tron b!e and nnoyance would lie borno with out a murmur. I*t' ns therefore cast away from us the clog of solflitmi-ss so that we may he enabled to discharge Our duty in the erection of this house of pmyi-r. ?? Who art thou O great mountain? bofore Zorubbahel thou shult become a plain, and he shnll bring ftirth the hca Istone thereof with 'flouting crying &rttce;, srncp, unto it.',' We might likowiso to rcmenibor that it is not merely our duty to build this temple of the LnrJ; it is our interest, scarcely h.-ul David's doRign of building a house of cedar for tlio ark been expressed in wonls to Nathan before thnt ho. who i» over looking out for the vory firtt risings of holy thought* and pious endeavours, returnn upon David and his kingdom a multitude of present and future bloasinga. It was promised that Israel undor his administration' should onjny happiness nnd that under tho reign of his children there would be peace nnd prosperity, ho waa likewise assured that he would havo a hnuso to bear liis name, that he would go down tn tho grnve in ponce, and thnt his posterity after him would enjoy thu special protection of the Almighty, the good king of Israel encouraged by so many promises of tho divine favour' both to hiimwlf nnd his children set himself to prepare all kinds uf material for tho tcroplo of the Lord. TJnd- r tlio wisdom and magniflamco of hi* suc cessor tho tempi' was rcired, nnd Jehov.ih, truo lo his promise, filled the Iiouso wi-h his plory, and wliilBt Judah was a kingdom continued the sceptro'in tliofumily of Buvid.' So also in re gard to ourselves and children. Assu'odly what wo do and give towards the erection of this building, will have no tendency to make our wny through life more thorny and riiggeil, our pillow «t death less smooth, our crown in eternity lew glorioui, or to o»u30 tho Almighty to keep back his smile nnd blessing from tho w who are endeared to us by tlm ties of kindred and friendship. Besides the place of worship whose foundation we have how assembled to lay, there is thp prosnoct of two otlicra being erected in the'oame township, ami I hope that the day i* not for off whan this shall b-? the case, hut until tint tlmo arrives. I trust that no one will o\ or object to this placo boing bponod to any evan gelical ilenomination. I hope that mutual ohority will more and inore provail amnn-st the various sects of the visible chutch' in this town ship, and that wh-'l«t diireroneoof opinion exists, Juilan will not try to vexEpbraim, nor Ephrain. Judnli, but that they will stir up each other to bo walohlnl and zealous, anl to adorn the dnctrino of God our Saviour in all things. In conclusion, my dear frio mis, lot 11* manifest our gratitude to tho Giver of our tmniimborcd blessings and discharge our duty in tlio fnco of Hoaven and before men, by laying tho foundation and erecting tho walls of thU II01130 of Prayer, so: that God may dwoll among 11s and sever forsake ns and that ho may' refresh and- invigorate us by his ordinance? here, and afterwards lake us. to the land whore we shall no inora ', see through a glnss darkly : but then faco to face.' Mr. William Scott then advanced and in the namoof tho Trustees, handed to Mr. Adam, a sonicd bottle, reqiiesting him to have the, goodness to lay tho stone. The . bottle was deposited' by him in a chamber cut in the lower surfaco of the stono and contained several coins of the realm, copies of tho Bathurtt Frea Prets and of tho Sathwtt Times of tlio last issue, (July 3rd), nnd a copy of ' Thomson's Bathurst arid Western District Almanac, 1861, and a parchment, containing tho following inscription: — ?'?-... _ . . GLORIA DEO, IN EXCELSIS. Tho Stone in which this document is deposited is tho Foundation Stone of the Presby- terian Church under tho Jurisdiction of the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Established Church of Scotland, to be designated Saint Paul's. Church Blaney. This Stone was laid on Wednesday the third-day of July, in the year of our Lord One Thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty One, in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Queen, Defender of the Faith. His Excel: Icucy the right lion. Sir John Young Bart, K.C.B. G.C. being Captain General and Governor in Chief of New South Wales and Vice Admiral of the same ; the Rev. Georgo Mackie Minister of Pittown, being Moderator of the Synod of Australia; by the Rev. James Adam M, A., Minister of . the Upper Lachlan District, in the colony of New South Wales. Trustees ; William Scott, William Gather, John Marsden, Adam Kirkpatrick, John Cather, John Burton, Henry Ewin. William Christopher, Jamos Burton, William Moore, William Stewart. The Rev. gentleman having spread the mor- tar, the stone, which had been carefully hewn, and presented a specimen of the excellent free stone at Blaney, was eased down into its place. Tho stone having boon duly adjusted, Mr. Adam struck it three times with a mallet, saying— I lay this stone as the Foundation Stone of a Presbyterian Church under the Synod of Australia in connection with the Established Church of Scotland, to be desig- nated St. Paul's Church, Blaney. In the name, of the Fathdr and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, Amen." It was next announced that offerings in aid of the Building Fund would now be received upon the stone; the sum of £10 was thus obtained. The Benediction was then pro- nounced, and the meeting separated. 