AQUATICS. PAIR OAR RACE FOR £50 ASIDE. Tho second match between the brothors Green and Punch and McGrath, came off on Saturday last, on the Parramatta River ; and, as is always the case, attracted a goodly number of spectators. On tho provious roco a good deal of money had ohanged hands ¡ nnd, in addition to tho usunl small amounts, ono or two largo stakes liad bcon landed ; but on tho prosout occasion thc bolting was neither so heavy nor so brisk, resulting from a sort of feeling hard to bo desuribod, which wo noticed as very provident among tho usual speculators on such ovents. Tho Greens won in such good Btylo in tho' other race, that thoy were quickly established ns tho favourites of " tho Public" ns noon as tho preliminaries for tho present ono Moro arranged ; and in that position they romnined lip to'tho morning of starting, and indeed, among thoso who were nob fortunato enough to find themselves on bonni tho " 'Washington," up to tho result being known. To thoso however who did take passages by tho steamer it soon became evident that tho tables wore about to bo turned, nnd that" Punch and McGrath" woro going to win. Tho hotting, which hud boon slightly in favour of tho brothors, first got to ovens, then 6 to 4, 2 to 1, and finally 5 lo 1 against them ; until at last no ono woidd wacor a stiver on tho " Cornstalks." It will bo rornoni bcrtd that, when last thoso two pairs contendod, a Bimi j lar fluctuation took pince on tho evening before the nice, tho only differonco being that it wns tho othor way. Punch und his mato lind thou boen tho favorites, but wer« completely " knocked out" by the confidence with which money wus given to hare bets laid, commencing ut I two per cent und ending at eight ; and tho result fully justified tho proceoding. The race of lust Saturday also I warranted tho eagerness with which offers to back tho Greens wore snapped up, seeing that, ns far as could bo seen, they never had a ghost of u chanco ; loss iudocd than thoir adversaries previously appeared to have with j them, and so much ior tho uncertainly of boat-racing. We need not describe tho race, if such it could bo called. Tho Greens were astern all thc way, and tho others won when, whore, and how they ploased. Wo aro no friends to bolt-racing as wa seo it carried on i and wo havo fre- quently avowed our hostility to it. Thoso two last aifuirs have gone much to strengthen our feeling on tho subjoct; and wo elioll havo plenty of companions in our antagon- ism so long as boat races depend (OB is evidently tho caso now) upon the right man being in the right place. 