SOCIAL. The Salsette, bringing our British, Euro- pean, and American advices, was some time behind hand, in consequence of the wash- ing away of the Egyptian Railway, and other delays in crossing the Desert. Our telegram, with an epitome of the interest- ing rather than important news which the mail brought, reached us from Adelaide on the afternoon of the 14th instant. The total number of letters received per Benares was 3496, of which 54 were regis- tered. There were also 4820 newspapers by the same mail. The total number of letters despatched by the Northam was 3539, of which 221 were registered. There were 2842 newspapers sent by the same mail. During the month of October there passed through the Ballarat Post Office 67,559 letters, 17,144 newspapers ; 25,921 letters and 6466 newspapers were posted at the office. Telegraphic communication is now com- plete with Queensland, and was opened be- tween Ballarat and Brisbane a few days ago. The following stations are now open —Brisbane, Ipswich, Gatton, Toowoomba, Drayton, and Warwick. Inglewood, in Victoria, has also been included in the next work of telegraphy since our last sum- mary. On the 5th instant an influential meeting was held in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute for the purpose of taking measures to induce the Government to push forward the works on the Ballarat and Geelong Railway. A series of resolutions expressive of the feeling of the district were unani- mously passed. The Ballarat petition in favor of the early opening of the line has already been signed by some three thousand persons. Other petitions for the same pur- pose are also being signed by the inhabitants of the surrounding townships, and deputa- tions from the Eastern and Western Coun- cils have been appointed to act in conjunc- tion with the other gentlemen appointed to bring the question before the Government. While on the subject of the railway to Geelong we may state that since our last summary, a deputation waited upon the hon. the President of Lands and Survey, for the purpose of bringing under his notice the proposition of laying down a tramway be- tween Ballarat and Smythesdale. The pro- position was not unfavorably received, and a promise made to the effect that if within a month there was a subscription list brought up, and a company tangibly formed, a sur- veyor should mark out the line. The following insolvencies have been re- gistered during the month :— John Moyle of Ballarat, miner. Debts £2768 12s 2d ; assets, £7 5s ; deficiency, £2761 8s 2d. James Berryman, of Ballarat, miner. Debts, £3459 6s 2d ; assets, £7 ; deficiency, £3452 6s 2d. William Carlile, of Ballarat, miner. Debts, £3267 6s 2d ; assets, £1 15s ; deficiency, £3255. George Neville, of Brown's Diggings, black- smith. Debts, £97 8; assets, £3; defi- ciency, £94 8s. Daniel Harrison, of Geelong, printer. Debts, including con- tingent liabilities on account of the late firm of Daniel Harrison & Co., £8523 12s ; assets, £270; deficiency, £8253 12s. James Harrison, of Geelong, printer. Assets, £22,000 ; liabilities, £14,483 ; surplus, £7517. James Carnegie, of Browns, miner. Assets, £10 10s; liabilities, £198 4s. Thos Bray and Joseph Bray, of Meredith, far- mers. Assets, £8270 0s 2d; liabilities, £11412 11s 1d; deficiency, £3142 10s 11d. Charles Graham, of Dowling Forest, hotel keeper. Debts, £382 10s ; assets, £171 ; deficiency, £211 10s. John Higgins, Bal- larat, licensed victualler. Debts, £574 10s ; assets, £77 13s ; deficiency, £496 17s. James Hoskins, of Raglan, bootmaker. Debts, £116 11s 6d ; assets, £14 10s ; deficiency, £102 1s 6d. Daniel Henson, of Ballarat, miner. Debts, £138 4s 6d ; assets, £5 ; deficiency, £133 4s 6d. William Pearce, of Ballarat, miner. Lia- bilities, £2805 ; assets, £5, deficiency, £2800. Adam Roxburgh, of Balla- rat, brewer. Liabilities, £5823 8s 7d ; as- sets, £3440 4s 7d ; deficiency, £2383 4s. George Edward Fountain, of Glenlyon, near Daylesford, farmer. Debts, £491 18s 2d ; assets, £401 15s. John Thomas Elford, lately of Mount Blackwood, but now of Bal- larat, restaurant keeper. Liabilities, 63l 5s 7d, assets, £11 5s ; deficiency, £52 0s 7d. Elisha Hicks, of Ballarat, miner. Thomas Fletcher, of Lucky Woman's, licensed vic- tualler. Liabilities, £300 9s 10d ; assets, £214 9s 6d ; deficiency. £86 0s 4d. William Henry Couch, of Haddon, near Carngham. Thomas Morris, of Creswick, butcher. Ed- ward Worrall, of Ballarat, miner. Fran- cis Worrall, Ballarat, miner. Charles Symons, of Ballarat, miner. Liabilities, £2800 ; assets, £2 10s ; deficiency, £2797 10s. Frederick Humffray, of Ballarat, sta- tioner, &c.; Liabilities, £843 ; assets, £1250 ; surplus, £407. Joseph James, of Creswick, butcher. Liabilities, £185 ; assets, £53 ; deficiency, £132. Thomas Price, of Italian Gully, miner. William Armitage, of Balla- rat, licensed victualler. Alfred Marshall, of Ballarat, undertaker. Thomas Judd, Creswick, miner. W. Collier, and B. Bar- ton Johnson, storekeepers. W. Toshack & David Toshack, dairymen, Windermere. Malcolm Donald, of Sebastopol, near Balla- rat, miner. Liabilities, £60 17s ; assets, nil ; deficiency, £60 17s. William Mont- gomery, of Mount Doran, innkeeper. Lia- bilities, £77 12s ; assets, £90 10s 8d ; sur- plus, £12s 18s. Our two municipalities are taking mea- sures for the repair of the Main road, which runs through Ballarat, by bringing its ill con- dition under the notice of Government. As the road in question is a main trunk line of communication between the Eastern and Western districts the responsibility mainly rests upon the Government, who are not by any means as liberal as they ought to be in that behalf. The Eastern Council intend to recommend the laying down of bluestone metal instead of quartz, as the latter mate- rial is productive of a vast quantity of dust, very irritating to the eyes, and injurious to goods which are in any way exposed to its influence. This council has made arrange- ments for watering their portion of this great thoroughfare during the summer months. They have also resolved to erect a marble memorial tablet to the late Mr W. J. Wills, in the Town Hall. The Western Council, beside accepting several tenders for the erection of bridges within their bounds, have selected the design of Mr C. D. Cuth- bert for public baths and washhouses. Our street "improvements" go on apace, and in the main, eminently well deserve the title. The new premises erected by Mr Henry Smith, at the corner of Main and Victoria streets are now nearly completed, and though only one storey high, are a great ornament to the spot. The corner itself is distinguished by an elevated entablature, with a circular recess. Large and capacious brick buildings are everywhere in course of erection ; among them may be mentioned the two-storied building for Messrs Rees & Benjamin, at the corner of Lydiard and Sturt streets, which is receiving the finish- ing touch; and the extensive alterations made by Wallace & Co., in the Hall of Commerce, at the junction of Armstrong and Sturt streets. The excavations for the new store of Mr Dunn, near the Soldiers' Hill bridge, are now being proceeded with. Since our last observations on fires were penned, we have not had one serious fire in Ballarat, but about one o'clock on the after- noon of the 5th instant a fire broke out at Ceres, the farm of Mr Thomas Bath, J.P., near Learmonth, which threatened to do considerable injury, but fortunately was got under after it had destroyed a stack of wheat containing about 450 bushels of corn. The Western Fire Brigade proceeded to the spot, some twelve miles distant, and with other persons assembled rendered much ser- vice. The Brigade knocked up four horses on the road, and were supplied with others at a farmhouse on the way. On Saturday last the Old Linlithgow Hotel, at Warren- heip, was destroyed by fire. The house was unoccupied at the time. Last Sunday night a small cottage, situate near the foundry of Messrs Hunt and Opie, was burned to the ground ; the origin of the fire has not been discovered. The Volunteer Fire Brigades of Ballarat, who upon all occasions make a very promi- nent figure, whether in procession or in the more arduous and practical duty of extin- guishing fires, are about to hold in either case their anniversary celebrations. A ball on the 8th instant is to be the form in which the Ballarat Fire Brigade intends to enjoy the occasion and the company of their friends, while the Western Fire Brigade have determined upon a pic-nic. On Tues- day the 29th ultimo the ceremony of chris- tening the Western Fire Brigade's new bell was performed, with all the pomp and cir- cumstance usual on such interesting occa- sions. The members of the Brigade, with their band, mustered in full force in the engine-room. When everything was in readiness, Mrs Campbell took a bottle of champagne, and flinging it against the bell, christened it the "Lady of the West," amidst tremendous applause. The bell responded of its own accord to the compli- ment. Captain Campbell then, in a very humorous speech, thanked the ladies, who mustered largely on the occasion, for the kindness they had manifested in raising sufficient funds to purchase one of the best bells in the colony. The band played seve- ral selections of music during the evening ; and a ball, which was numerously attended, wound up the proceedings. Mr N. M. Montgomery, of this town, has patented an invention for "Improving all kinds of wheeled vehicles, whether set ni motion by steam, mechanical, or animal force." Mr Montgomery proposes to reverse the position of the axle, so that the burthen of a vehicle shall be suspended below it, instead of, as now, being borne above. The axle is also to be made flexible by means of joints and springs regulated by lever power, so as to prevent jolting. A novelty in wheels is now being manufactured at the Victoria Foundry, for Messrs Anderson, of the Bullarook Flour Mills. This wheel, which is to be all iron, is a water- wheel, to represent 45 horse-power, and will be driven by the excellent water-power belonging to Messrs Anderson's mill. The diameter of the wheel is 28½ feet, with 7 feet breast, and will weigh about 15 tons, the cost being nearly £1000. The locomotive engine made by Messrs Hunt & Opie, of the Victoria Foundry, for Mr Davies, the patentee and one of the officers attached to the Ballarat railway staff, is now completed. The Wayze-goose, or fifth annual holiday of the Star companionship of printers took place on Saturday, the 16th instant, and as- sumed, as in preceding years, the form of a visit to Lake Burrumbeet. This annual holiday, though customary to the printing trade in Great Britain, has been but slackly observed in tbis colony, and the workmen on this journal have shown a commendable spirit in keeping up a custom which, when properly carried out, must tend to promote good feeling. The first number of the Tribune, a second Ballarat journal, was issued by Henry John Turner, on behalf of the proprietors, on Thursday last. The Sandhurst Bee was dis- continued after the 31st ult. The Geelong Advertiser was a few days ago exposed for sale by public auction at Geelong, and bought for a sum of £1,500. It is under- stood that the purchase was made by a friend on behalf of the late proprietor, Mr Harrison. Mr Thompson, member of the Mining Board for Buninyong, has been appointed one of Sir Redmond Barry's Exhibition staff to represent this colony at the World's Fair in London. Mr Thompson has also been furnished with temporary employment the Audit or Registrar's office in Mel- bourne. At the Police Court on Saturday, 26th October, the first difficulty under the Occu- pation Licenses in this district developed itself in the form of a complaint brought by the Commissioner of Crown Lands against a man named Linehan, for being in illegal occupation of Crown Lands. The defendant took possession of 20 acres, proceeded to fence it in, and then made application for the land. Another person, however, had made application for thc same allotment a day or two before the man in possession, and the government granted the license to the first applicant. The defendant now refused to give up possession, as his 20 acres was fenced in, and he had a log hut partly built thereon. Mr Clissold, P.M., intimated that he would issue a warrant to dispossess the defendant. The latter said he would appeal, and the magistrate stated that he would give him every facility for so doing, and for consulting a lawyer. Linehan did not carry out his intention, and of course left the other man in possession. The election of nine members for the Bal- larat District Road Board took place at the Carse o' Gowrie Hotel on Tuesday, when Messrs Morton, Baird, Cowan, M'Lean, and Laidlaw, five members of the old Board, were returned, with the following new members, viz:—Messrs Gilchrist, Cadden, Tregent, and Bankin, sen. The proceedings caused great excitement in the locality, and never before was so much interest mani- fested in an election of the kind. The number of votes polled was larger than on any other occasion, and Mr Morton this time headed the poll. In matters ecclesiastical we have to note the laying of the foundation stone of the Church of the Holy Trinity, at Buninyong, by the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch, of Geelong ; and of the opening of the lately completed edifice at Carngham. A soiree was held at Clunes on the evening of the 28th ultimo, under the présidence of the Rev. C. T. Perks, of Richmond, for the purpose of organising a local subscription towards the Anglican Church fund. The contractors now en- gaged at the St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church, Ballarat, are employed in building a temporary altar recess at the west end of the middle aisle. This recess, as also the whole of the west enclosing walls will have to be removed when the complete design is carried out. The Presbytery of Ballarat met in the Start street Church, on Wednes- day, the 6th instant. Present—Rev. Alex. Adam, Moderator ; Rev. Messrs Hastie, Smith, Downes, Steel, and Henderson, min- isters; Mr A. H. King, elder. Rev. Messrs M'Murtrie and Strongman were in attend- ance. Mr Smith was elected Moderator for the next six months, and took his seat. Congregations are expected to make their arrangements as complete as possible, in order that the fund of £3000 (three thou- sand), for bringing out ministers from the home country to this colony may be raised without difficulty. The new Presbyterian church, Soldiers' Hill, was opened for Divine service on Sunday, 17th Nov. The Rev. Mr Walker, United Presbyterian, preached the opening sermon. The building is a plain wooden one, and will accommodate about 300 persons. A public meeting was held at the Presbyterian Church, Preston's Flat, Carngham, on the 7th instant, for the pur- pose of inducting the new minister, the Rev. Hugh M'Kail, in the charge. The Revs. Messrs Henderson and Adam, from the Ballarat Presbytery, officiated on the occa- sion. In the obituary for the month is the name of Dr Allison, M.D., and F.R.C.S.E. Dr Allison was well known as an old resi- dent in Ballarat, and as both active and urbane in the discharge of his professional duties, his attention to the poorer class of patients being particularly noticeable. His brother professionals paid every attention to the deceased during his illness, and his funeral was attended by a large number of our citizens, who had been familiar with his private and professional character during his residence in Ballarat. Deceased was 68 years of age. The remains of the Rev. John Allen, Presbyterian minister, at Buninyong, passed through that place to Melbourne on the 11th inst. The Revs. Messrs Hastie, and Strongman, and the Rev. Mr Potter (of Mount Clear), besides the members of his congregation and a few of the Presbyterians, accompanied his remains as far as the Mount Side Hotel. Mr Allen was instru- mental in establishing the gas companies of Melbourne and Collingwood, and, we believe, the gas company of one of the principal English towns. The deceased had for some time suffered from disease of the lungs, and on Sunday, 10th instant, was seized with paralysis, that hastened his death. Lectures have been delivered at the Me- chanics' Institute by Mr R. Brough Smyth, F.G.S., on "The minerals and gems of the colony," and by Mr David Blair, his subject being "A plea for Ghosts," and in some sense a reply to the lecture of Mr Michie, M.L.A., on "The other side of the dark side of nature." The monthly lecture of the Young Men's Christian Association was delivered on the 14th inst, in the Baptist Chapel, Dawson street, by the Rev. Mr Steel, of Creswick, subject—"The Scottish Covenanters." The schoolmasters of Ballarat, under the Denominational Board, have appointed Ser- geant James Scott, retired from the 92nd Highlanders, to be drill master to the pupils under them, till such time as the Board, on the report of the District Inspector, approve and confirm, or disapprove of such appoint- ment. We regret to find that the stability of the General Short Hours Association is not only threatened by the disaffection of certain of those employers who cheerfully signed the original agreement, but that two of the firms have been secretly endeavoring to induce others to relinquish their adherence to a regulation which, rightly viewed, is produc- tive of great mutual benefit. The Associa- tion held their annual soiree in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on the 20th instant. The entertainment, which was under the patronage of the Western Mu- nicipal Council, the Ballarat Rifle Rangers, and other public bodies, was not so largely attended as we expected, and the entertain- ments, consisting of instrumental and vocal music and addresses, was continued until a late hour. The procedings terminated with a ball. Mr T. S. Bellair, of the Rainbow Hotel, intends providing for the requirements of the Masonic fraternity, and has commenced to build a spacious hall adjoining his pre- mises, in Sturt street. The stone was laid by Mr C. Dyte, with masonic ceremonies, the proceedings comprising the equally or- thodox element of a "spread," at which mine host and his fraternal guests ate and drank success to the new enterprise. The hall, which is not to be for masons exclu- sively, but for societies generally, will mea- sure 60 feet by 27 feet. The architect is Mr Cuthbert, and the builder Mr Hope. During the month, the Good Samaritan Lodge of Odd Fellows, and the Loyal Smythesdale Lodge of the same numerous and influential fraternity, have been opened in due form at Smythesdale and Carngham, respectively. At the celebration in the latter case, Brother Cooper, D.C.S., stated "that now the Bal- larat District was in working order, they had obtained a considerable increase to their number. Previously they numbered only 300 members, but now they had 700. To descend to particulars, he might say that the Australia Felix numbered abouy 300, and the Ballarat Lodge about 200. The Ballarat Lodge had about £11 000 in bonded security." At the meeting of the Hospital Committee held at Bath's Hotel on the night of the 30th October, the tender of Mr Stombuco for £1580 was ac- cepted, as recommended by the building committee, for the erection of the new wing to the hospital. The intended wing does not exactly carry out the original design of the building, as it was found desirable to consult an improved system of ventilation, rather than to effect a mere slavish copy of the interior arrangements of the south wing. Thce elevation of the principal front will not, however, suffer in symmetry by the altera- tion. In like manner, the committee of the Benevolent Asylum have accepted the ten- der of Mr James Francis, at £2299, for the erection of the centre portion of the original design of the Asylum. On account of the number of children in the Benevolent Asylum, the board of patrons of the Na- tional School have resolved to apply to the National Board of Education for a female teacher. Should the application be suc- cessful, the committee of the Asylum intend to allow her house accommodation, and an allowance at the rate of £50 per annum. The Ballarat and Creswick Trotting Club Races came off on the 25th ult. The 100 sovereigns event was won by Mr Orr's Mazeppa. Mr Kirk's Tommy won the saddle trot of 25 sovereigns ; Mr Bowes's Little John the handicap of 75 sovereigns ; and Mr Warren's Whisker the harness trot of 50 sovereigns. The races of the Ballarat Turf Club are appointed to come off on the 18th, 19tb, and 20th of December, and those of the Smythesdale, Brown's, and Carngham Turf Club on the 26th and 27th of the same month. We hear that it is in contempla- tion to get up a day's racing on the Dowling Forest course on the opening of the railway. The stakes are not to be less than £1500; and the principal event will be a race for £500, open to all the colonies. Races for Clunes and Creswick are also talked of. The local Cricket Clubs are similarly active with their favorite pursuit, and means have been taken to ascertain upon what terms the All England Eleven (whose sailing is announced by last mail) will visit Ballarat. Mr Spiers, of Spiers and Pond, met the Ballarat cricketers on Thursday night at the North Grant Hotel, when it was decided that the All England Eleven should play a Twenty-two of the Ballarat district on the ground of the S.C.C. Messrs Spiers and Pond will bear all the expenses of the A.E.E., and will, therefore, have possession of the ground, grandstand, and gates, and have the right to erect what other booths they please. The B.C.C. have enrolled J. Bryant and S. Costick, of the M.C.C. in the Ballarat Club, and those players will be the bowlers in the match with the All England Eleven. The time for the match cannot yet be fixed, as it has not yet been determined whether or not the A.E.E. will visit Sydney first in all probability the match will come off be- tween thc middle of January and the middle of February. A meeting was held at M'Laren's Hotel on the 20th instant, anent the getting up of a regatta on Lake Burrum- beet, when a sub-committee was appointed to collect the funds, and a subscription list opened for the purpose. The rowing match for £20 between Mr M'Laren, of Ballarat, and Wm. Prescott, of Melbourne, came off some days ago. The start was from Como to the Richmond Punt, a distance of 2¼ miles. M'Laren got a start of a boat's length, and finally came in the winner by two boats' lengths. Prescott, not satisfied with his de- feat, challenges M'Laren to another match, each man to get the best boat he can, and row for a trophy of £10 and a bet, when the former will stake £50 to the Ballaratian's £40. The Ballarat Caledonian Society, the Buninyong Highland Society, and the Comunn na Feinne of Geelong, are all mak- ing preparations for their national sports at the commencement of the year. The weather seems to be out of joint, and we have hail within a few weeks of Christ- mas, as great a novelty, and perhaps as pleasant as snow in harvest. Of late it has not been an infrequent occurrence to expe- rience a hot wind in the morning, cold rains in the evening, and at least in one in- stance the succeeding day was marked by boisterous gales and hailstorms, with an air so keenly cold as to render overcoats abso- lutely necessary to comfort. About a quarter past seven o'clock on the morning of Sunday, the 17th of November, the shock of an earthquake was felt on the Golden Point Range. It is said to have been pre- ceded by a rumbling noise, and the vibra- tion lasted about seven seconds, shook some of the houses in the locality, and caused no small consternation amongst the population there. On inquiry we learn that the shock was experienced by several persons on the White Horse Ranges also, but the influence of the disturbing cause must have been very limited, as we have heard no mention made of any shock being felt by persons resident in the centre of the town. It appears, how- ever, that Ballarat was not to enjoy a monopoly in this visitation, for the Geelong Advertiser states that the shock was felt by a gentleman residing at the Anakies Range, near Geelong. In-doors, the sensation was that the house was shaken at its founda- tions ; while a noise like the low rumbling of distant thunder was audible. A few amateur observations were made on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 12th inst, upon the transit of Mercury across the disk of the Sun. Just at the time computed (2.58 p.m.) for the ingress of thc planet upon the eastern side the face of the sun became suddenly obscured by dark clouds ; and when (at 3 p.m.) a glimpse was ob- tained, Mercury appeared as a small very dark spot about a finger's breadth within the disk. The point of egress was not visible in Victoria, as sunset took place before it could be observed. The Melbourne Argus says, very good observations were made of the transit of Mercury for about an hour and a quarter of its course over the sun ; after that time the clouds were too continuous and heavy to permit more than an occasional, and very obscure sight. The first contact of the planet with the sun, as observed at a station about a mile eastward of Williamstown, occurred about four minutes later than the time notified to the journals by Mr Ellery, of the observatory at that place. Three spots on the sun, which have for some time been visible, afforded good points of comparison in size and color. The inner deeper opening of one of these spots is very dark. Until the transit of Mercury afforded a comparison it might have been judged quite black ; but the comparison thus afforded showed it to be distinctly lighter than the intense and absolute blackness of the dark side of the planet as it passed in front of the sun. To the eye, unassisted by a micrometer or other means of measurement, the disc of the planet was much less than half the area of the spot already referred to, and but little greater in are than the dark opening in thc midst of it. Whilst we have to record in connection with the lamentable end of Burke and Wills, a most gratifying display of tender- ness on the part of the aboriginal natives to the survivor King—in the new colony of Queensland we have heard of the perpetua- tion of a horrible massacre by the natives of that settlement. Mr H. C. Wills, formerly a member of the Victorian Assembly, has with eighteen other Europeans, of both sexes and all ages, been murdered by the infuriated blacks, who exist in such large numbers iu the new country. There have been so many attacks of a similar kind, that it only re- quired some such outrage as this to complete the feeling of vengeance which had been gaining force for some time amongst the Queensland settlers, and which will in all probability result in a bitter war of extermi- nation, in which the blacks must inevitably succumb. A party of settlers who had fol- lowed the murderers, were unable to get at them as they retreated up an inaccessible ridge, but they succeeded in recovering some of the stolen property that had been dropped in the retreat. The performances at the Theatre Royal during the past month have consisted chiefly of burlesque and extravaganza, in which the chief characters have been most ably sustained by Mr and Mrs George Simms ; of the legitimate drama with Mr Henry Neil Warner and Miss Annie Lock- hart as its exponents ; and of broad comedy by Mr Harry Jackson. The last mentioned gentleman is about to assume the manage- ment of the Cremorne Theatre and Gardens, Melbourne. Mr Warner has for some days been playing a round of farewell characters previous to his departure for California ; and last evening took his benefit as Hamlet. The departure of this accomplished actor will, since the secession of Mr G. V. Brooke from our stage, leave not only Victoria, but all the Australian colonies without a single worthy exponent of the higher orders of dramatic composition. The rebuilding of the Charlie Napier Theatre has commenced, and to all appearance will be vigorously prosecuted. A large guarantee subscription has been raised. The Ballarat Rifle Rangers have of late been assiduously engaged in their ordinary duties, and in shooting at matches for prizes. These have been given by Captains Camp- bell, Drury and Smith, Sergeant Mumby, Private George Armstrong and others. One or two of these have not yet been fully de- termined. Several private matches have also been held between several of the mem- bers of the corps. A match between them and some other gold field volunteer corps is talked of. The Caledonian Society purpose giving a handsome prize for a day's shooting at the rifle butts. 