ST. BENEDICT'S YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. On last Monday, tho usual fortnightly lecture in connection with this society waa dolivorod in their hall by James Hart, Esq., M.L.A., on ' Delusion and Follies.' The attendance was numerous, many haying come from the other parishes to listen to tho Houorablo gentleman. A considerable portion of tho audienco was com posed of ladies. The chair was occupied by llev. Father Corish. The following clergy wore also present, Very Rev. S. Sheohy, V.G., Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, Fathers Dwyer and Curtis. Shortly before eight the chairman, in a few and appropriate vrords.iintroduced to the audience the lecturer of tho evening. Mr. Hart, on coming forward, was greatly cheored. and at onee proceeded to. read his lecture on ' Dolusion and Follies' : — Ladies and Gentlemen — In the chapter of human history that is opened to our view, perhaps there is nothing more interesting than to contemplate the various aberrations which mankind have been subject to from time to time. From the earliest ages doctrines have been- propounded, and views advaneed, both by enthusiasts and by those who have trafficked upon the credulity of mankind, which have not only been received with favour by the unthinking multitude, but by men of undoubted learning, piety, and ability, but which when viewed in a philosophic spirit at a later period, appear )to be the acme of human folly, or the unparral'leled assurance of knavish ness. My object in the present lecture is to point out the unhappy results. in time past of the bewilderment of the human mind, and to bring under your notice the ignorance which formerly prevailed, in relation to several epidemic mental disorders attributed to diabolical agencies. These aberrations have been termed phantasies. At one time they simulate an ardent zeal for religion, at another a love ,of liberty, now an ambition to rise in the world, to attain power and wealth : at another time to invade the rights of those who, from various circumstances, are not able to resist. To this alone can we ascribe such ontrages as were committed during the reign of terror in France, the intollerance and outbreaks of superstition in different countries, and the eagerness to become rich by having recourse to fraud, swindling, and other crimes against society. In treating of Delusions and Follies for the amusement, if not instruction of your society this evening, I shall not, of courss, touch upon individual foibles or weak nesses ; for were I to do so, I am afraid the task would be a weightier one than I should like to attempt, and that it would be deemed personal by some of my kind hearers. Nations and peoples have their follies, so have we. The orator who mounts the rostrum, the legislator, who with persistent eloquence, insists upon belabouring some hobby of his own, be it a land bill, protection to native industry, or the emigra tion of celestials, believing that the eyes of the world are upon him, the maiden, who lavish of time, spends hours before her mirror arrang ing those elegant but mysterious accessories to the toilet, bent upon making a conquest — the modern fast man, who, with unexceptionable peg-tops, moustache, a La milvtaire and sus pended ' charms,'' imagines that he is creating a sensation, are not less chargeable with folly and delusion than our forefathers, who believed that perpetual youth and health could be obtained by the application of the Philosophers stone, or that they were doing a service to the Almighty by consigning poor old women to the stake as sorcerers and witches. The different kinds of delusions to which the human mind has been subjected, have been classed by a modern writer under the following heads. Theomania, characterised by exultation of ideas appertain ining to supernatural influences, an unreason able belief in communication with angels, in celestial signs, and sounds, and portents ; or in the profession of prediction, and accom panied by raptures, somnambulism, convulsive symptoms, ecstacy, hysteria. Demonolatria , characterized by belief and participation in demon worship, witchcraft, and sorcery, com pacts entered into with devils, a disposition to outrage holy things and places, to deny the existence of God, to blaspheme His name, to commit all sorts of enormities in honor of the devil. Demonomania, characterised by the fear of possession by evil spirits — fre- quently connected with catalepsy, hysteria, and convulsions of extraordinary violence — dis- torting the features, twisting the frame, and throwing the body into contortions — uncon- trollable dancing and jumping propensities. Lycanthropy. — This species of demoniacal madness is characterized by belief in diabolical transformation of human beings into wild beasts, wolves, cats, and owls — the former, especially in their nocturnal courses, having the privilege of tearing the flesh of men and animals. There are other illusions, such as syncope, or rapture, uncontrollable love of country, love madness, violent phrenzy, and convulsive nervous disorders, which it is unne cessary further to refer to. In treating of Illu sions, Magic, by reason of its pre-eminent influence amongst the Orientals, claims the first place in our notice. Asia was the cradle where it was first nurtured and raised to the dignity of a science. There, learned men who obtained a profound knowledge of the occult sciences, and who used that knowledge for the benefit of mankind, were called Magii ; and the Sacred Scripture informs us that they were amongst the first who beheld the Star of Bethlehem in the East, and brought their offerings to our Divine Redeemer- There were others then, as at the present day, known as Magicians, who devoted themselves to the knowledge of what was called the Black Arts, and claimed the pos session of supernatural powers — of predicting the future — of acting upon others, even at a distance, the power of enchantment — and extra ordinary operations, such as making gold, exor eising spirits, reading the hand, evil-eye, power oy«i? the elements, and the transformation of human beings into animals. According to their theory, Magic was a peculiar and inborn gift of ' tho human soul. It consisted in the conscious noss of a direct communion with tho world of spirits. Undor this belief, wo find in all nations the most deep- rooted belief of such spiritual relationship. Tho theories, however, that have boon built upon this doctrine have led to tho wildcat orrovs of the imagination, and have afforded n, wide field for deception upon the ignorant and tho unthinking. The pure, original idea of Magic, as a high study of Naturo, was lost, or, at least, degenerated, loaning rather to tho darkness of superstition than to the light of wisdom. Under the head of Magic, as practised among the Orientals, we may class sorcery, demonolog}', clairvoyance, soothsaying, necromancy, visions, ecstacy, and catalepsy. It is now clear to us that soporific drugs and poisonous beverages were the power ful auxiliaries used by the professors of magic to dostroy tho intellectual as well as the physi cal condition of man. Modern science has also in a groat measure accounted for the preterna tural effects produced by the professors of the so-called black art, and the knowledge acquired of tho electricity of the human body has thrown a world of light upon the protended wonders of the ancients. We must pass over the mental delusion and aberrations of the ancients — their systems of mythology, their oracles, and their mysteries — and come nearer to our own times to see what follies the human mind is capable of. We shall then find instances of hallucination far exceeding those to which the inhabitants of any other nation have been subjected. For instance, can any of the epidemic fanaticisms which occa sionally devastated Rome equal in fury the popular phrensy which prevailed during the Reign of Terror in France during the years 1792 and 1793, when upwards of 20,000 priests, religious women, and nobles suffered death by the guillotine at the hands of an infuriated populace ; and it is said that upwards of 1,000,000 of persons, including the young, tbe fair, and the beautiful, suffered a voilent denth by other means. What can betray the debase ment of the human mind more than the super stition which prevailed in England for some centuries on the ^subjects of witchcraft — the belief in fortune tellers and astrologers — the fanaticism of thousands who swore allegiance to such raving maniacs as Johanna Southcote ; and in our own day have we not instances of, the same hallucination in the orgies of the Jumpers, the Mormons, and the Revivalists ? Let us now refer to some of the principal de lusions. ALCHEMY. For more than a thousand years the art of alchemy captivated many noble spirits, and was believed' in by the multitude. Some of its devotees have claimed for it an antiquity coeval with the creation of man himself, and argue that all the antedeluvians must have possesed a knowledge of it, and they cite Noah as having been acquainted with the elixir of life, or he could not have lived to so prodigious an age. Others say the art was derived from the Egytians. Father Martini alleges that it was practised by the Chinese 8,500 before the birth of Christ. The pretended art of making gold ana silver existed in tne nrst centuries atter the Christian Era. At Constantinople, in the fourth century, the transmutation of metals was very generally believed in, and many of the Greek ecclesiastics wrote treatises upon the subject. Their notion seems to have been that all metal was composed of two substances— the one me-, tallic earth, and the other a red inflammable matter which they called sulphur. The pure union of these substances formed gold ; but other metals were mixed and contaminated by various foreign ingredients. The object of the Philosophers' Stone was to dissolve, or neutral izing all these ingredients,?by which iron, lead, copper, and all metals would be transmuted into the original gold. Many learned and clever men wasted their time, their health, and their energies in this vain pursuit. Amongst them we may number Giber, Albertus Magnus, Arnold de Villeneuve, Raymond Lalli, the great Roger Bacon, and others. It was not until the 15th and 16th centuries that the pretended sciences took great hold upon the imagination of the people. A groat change was then intro duced. The persons who devoted themselves to the study totally changed its aspect, and ascribed to the possession of their wondrous stone and elixir not only the conversion of the base into the precious metals, but the solution of all the difficulties of other sciences. They pretended that by its means man would be brought into closer communion with his Maker; that disease and sorrow would be banished from the world, and that 'the millions of spiritual beings who walk tho earth unseen' would be rendered visible, and become the friends, com panions, and instructors of mankind. The in fatuation increased rather than diminished as the 'world* grew older. Of one of these Alchy mists (Cornelius Agrippa) who lived in the sixteenth century, it is said that he could turn iron into gold by his mere word. All the spirits of the air and demons of the earth were under his command and bound to obey him in every thing. He could (so runs the story) raise from the dead the forms of the great men of other days, and make them appear ' in their habit as they lived' to the gaze of tho curious who had courage enoughjto abide their presence, of the stories related of many of these persons some are extremely ridiculous and amusing. Amongst them is that of a student of Cornelius Agrippa, who, having secretly obtained an en trance into his master's study, upon repeating some of the formulas that were there, instantly, to his great terror, caused his satanic majesty to appear, and the demon being enraged at his presumption, strangled him there and then. The master coming in soon after, reprimanded the spirit for rashness and commanded him to reanimate the dead body. The latter did so, and very lovingly walked about with him, arm in arm, all tho afternoon. Such stories as these, confidently related by men high in station, tended to keep up the infatuation. There were innumerable tricks also by which impostors persuaded the world that they had succeeded in making gold. One of the most notable was to use a double-bottomed crucible, the under sur face being of iron or copper, and the upper one of wax, painted to resemble the same metal. Between the two they placed as much gold or l^ silver dust as was necessary for their purpose. They then put in their lead, quicksilver, or other ingredients, and placed the pot upon the fire. 'Of course, when the experiment was concluded, they never failed to find a lump of gold at the 'bottom. The same result was produced in many other ways. Some of them used a hollow wand, filled with gold or silver dust, and stopped :at the ends with wax. _ With this they stirred the boiling metal in their crucibles, taking care ?to accompany the operation with many ceremo nies, to divert attention from the real purpose of the manceuvre. They also drilled holes into lumps of lead, into which they poured molten -gold, and carefully closed the aperture with the ?original metal. Sometimes they washed the ?gold with quicksilver, and in this state found no difficulty in palming it off upon the unini tiated. It was easily transmuted into gold again, with the aid of a little aquafortis. Several forms of mental deception and a ready wit, no doubt, enabled the professors of this art to practise upon the credulity of mankind ; for when once extraordinary powers are attributed to a man, there is no knowing what amount of hero worship the unreflecting multitude will bestow upon him. As an/instance of the ready wit that was sometimes brought to bear upon these pretended powers, it is related that the Count St. Germain, who lived in the middle of the eighteenth century, and who pretended to be possessed of the elixir of life, had a most amusing vagabond for a servant, to whom he would often appeal for corroboration when re lating some wonderful .event that happened centuries before — both, of course, professing to be endowed with extreme, old age. The fellow, who was not without ability, generally corrobo rated him in a most satisfactory manner. Upon one occasion, his master was telling a party of ladies and gentlemen at dinner some conversa tion he had had in Palestine with King Eichard I. of England, whom he described as a very par ticular friend of his. Signs of astonishment and incredulity were visible on the faces of the company ; upon which St. Germain very ?coony turned to nis servant wno stood behind his chair, and asked him if he had not spoken truth ? 'I really cannot say' replied the man, without moving a muscle ; ' you forget, sir, I have.ohly been 500 years in your service 1' 'Ah! true,'1, said his master ; I remember now ; it was a little before your time. (Laughter ) Cag liostro, who wa3 the pupil of St. Germain, after 'the death of his preceptor, married a very beautiful youug girl, whom he soon indoctri nated in his mysteries. Under 'the name of the Count and Countess Cagliostro they travelled for some in Russia, Poland, Germany, and England, and acquired an ample fortune by the sale of their elixir. Ultimately they took a magnificent hotel in Strasbourg, and invited all the principal persons of the place to their table. They acted as physicians, and by working upon the imagination of their patients, effected wonderful cures. The Countess, who at this time was not more than five and twenty, and all radiant with grace, beauty, and cheerfulnesss. spoke openly of her eldest son as a fine young man of eight and twenty. The trick succeeded to admiration, All the ugly old women in StraSDOurg for miles round, thronged the saloon of* the Countess to purchase the liquid which was to make them as blooming as their daughters ; the young women came in equal numbers that they might preserve their charms, while men were not wanting, those who were fools enough to imagine that they might keep off the inevitable stroke of the grim foe by a few drops of the same incomparable elixir. (Laughter.) These impostors became afterwards involved in affairs of state, were banished an d died in exile. In our day, and for some time past we hear of no devotees of the sciences in Europe, although in the east it flourishes in as great repute aa ever. The delusion, however, has not been without its uses. The science ot chemistry is not a little indebted to its spurious brother Alehemy. Many valuable discoveries have been made in that search for the impossible, which might otherwise have been hidden for centuries yet to come. Roger Bacon, in searching, for the phi losopher's, stone discovered gunpowder, a still more extraordinary substance. Van Helrnontin in the same pursuit, discovered the properties of gas. Geber made discoveries in .chemistry, which were equallj important ? and Paracelsus, amidst his perpetual visions of the transmuta tion of metals, found the valuable properties of mercury. Following close in the steps', of the alchemists were the magnetisers, who in the 17th century appeared in Europe, and effected many wonderful cures professedly by their, arts, but in reality by the wonderful influence .which was exerted on the imagination. Nostrums, mineral substances', the weapon-salve, the sym pathethic1 alphabet, and Dr. Perkin's metallic-; tractors, 'are a few of the' impostures tbatwere used by the maghetisers. They' professed ,tO; have as universal 'a' 'power by means, of these substances'of curing all tlie ills fchat ; flesh is heir to, as Professor Hollqway 'does 'at, tlie present. day by his famous pills and ointment. This delusion. first'appeared in the shape of mineral, and afterwards of animal.' magnetism, .under ?which latter 'name it has thousands ; of, disciples at this day. The' magnet was falsely beUeVedtq have a wonderful effect upon the human body, and was administered, ,w,ith other .mixtures termed mummies', which had' a certain smack of the horrible and 'theghostlyin'th!eirr coin position. The sympathetic;pla£es of' Dr. Perkins was an in vention resembling sortie steel' plates 'used pre viously by a Jesuit Father 'for the cure of the gout, rheumatism; palsy, and similar diseases, and after half England had gone mad with their fame, and an hospital'had been .generously built so that all persons might be magnitised free of cost, their absurdity) was exposed by Dr.. Haygarth, an eminent physician at Bath, who i knowing the influence of imagination in the cure of diseases, had some wooden tractors made and painted, so as to resemble the steel one?s, and acted with them upon hundreds with equal suc cess. He then explained the imposture, and Dr. Perkins had to fly from England with his ill gotten gains. The weapon- salve was an unguent used for the purpose of curing exterior wounds, and in process of time the delusion increased so much that it was deemed sufficient to magnetise the substance with which the wound was inflicted. One of the recipes for this ointment was as follows : — 'Take of moss growing on the head of a thief who has been hanged and left in the air one ounce, of real mummy and human blood, still warm, each one ounce, of human suet two ounces, of linseed oil, turpentine, and armenian bole, of each two drachms, mix all well in a mortar, and keep the salve in an oblong narrow urn.' In addition the wound was to be carefully washed and cleansed. I have no doubt that the latter was much more efficacious than the diabolical mixture I have mentioned. Mr. Greatraks, an Irish gentleman who was born in 1628, was the first who, without laying claim to any theory, first practised the deception similar to the animal magnetism of the present day. He was followed by others with some success until the year 1774, when Anthony Mesmer gave forth to the worldhis system of animal magnetism, I need not relate the stupendous follies and in consistent theories that have been based upon mesmerism, or animal magnetism, suffice to say that the veil which formerly enwrapped so many mysteries and enigmas, is falling off by means of the discoveries in chemistry and physics, and a truer and more intimate knowledge of the natural sciences is fast dispersing those fancies and superstitions which formerly prevailed. DEMONOLOGY. The next subject to which I would invite your attention is Demonology, which you have had already defined as a belief and participation in demon worship. It prevailed extensively in the nations of; antiquity, as, indeed, it does in mo dern nations where the. light of the gospel has not been carried. In the New Testament the demons are spoken of as spiritual beings, at enmity with God, and having power to afflict man not only with disease but with spiritual pollution. The deacriptiom is precisely that ot an angelic creature in knowledge and power, but with the idea of positive and active wicked ness. In a work written by the celebrated Joannis Wierus some three centuries ago, we have all that was then known on the subject of demons and demon worship. We gather from his writings that he believed evil spirits existed not only in the infernal regions, but had an in visible empire in the air and on the earth ; that their enmity to mankind was constant and in defatigable ; and that they had a malign power capable of suggesting evil to men's minds and of tormenting them corporeally. Wierus, we are informed, made a calendar of demons of Satan's Empire, giving the names and surnames of 572 Princes of that Empire and of 7,405,926 devils. -c It is pleasing, no doubt (adds a modern writer) and intended to be con vincing, to see this exactness in the cens\is of Satan's dominions, and to find of a certainty there were precisely 26 devils over and above the 7 millions 405 thousand and': 900 duly recorded in the calendar.' I trust that the number of bis Satanic Majesty's subjects has not increased since Wierus wrote ; but wh&n; we consider that the population of the world is estimated at something more than 1.800,000,000, I am afraid that the census or return above mentioned is somewhat too flattering to our fallen nature. Any notice of Demonology would certainly be imperfect without a notice of the impersonation of the Evil One — the chief spirit in this world of wickedness — he who gave magicians, sorcerers, and witches, in exchange for their souls, the power to influence or torment their fellow-creatures. The popular notion was, that he was a large, ill-formed, hairy sprite, with horns, a long tail, cloven foot, and 'dragon's wings. In religious plays, he was frequently introduced in this shape. The great fun for the people was to see mm well belaboured witn clubs or cudgels and to hoar him howl with pain as he limped off, bruised by some vigorous blow. The notable feat is attributed to St. Dunstan of catching hold of his nose with a pair of red-hot pincers, whilst others chopped pieces off his tail, which, however, always grew again. This was paying him in his own coin, and amused the populace mightily; for they all remembered the scurvy tricks he had played their forefathers. (Laughter.) It was believed that he endeavoured to trip people up by laying his long, invisible tail in their way and giving it a suddsn whisk when their legs were over it; that he used to get drunk, and swear like a ti'ooper, and be so mischievous in his cups as to raise tempests and earthquakes to destroy the fruits of the earth andthe barns, and homesteads of the faithful; that he used to run invisible spits into people by way of amusing himself in the; long, winter,- evenings, and to proceed to taverns and regale himself with the best, offer ing in payment .pieces of gold, which on the dawn of the following, morning invariably ..turned into/ slates. Sometimes, disguised as a. large . drake, he used to lurk among . the bulrushes and frighten the weary traveller out / of his wits by his awful quack. In all the stories circulated and believed about him, he was represses ted as an ugly, potty, mischievous spii'iifcj 'who rejoiced in playing off all manner of i fantastic tricks upon poor humanity.. But, as isi well remarked, the subject has also its serious' side. An Indian deity, ^with its wild. , distorted shape arid grotesque attitude, appears merely .ridiculous when separated Irom its. accessories and viewed by daylight in a museum ; but restore it to the darkness of its own hideous temple — bring buck to our recol . lection the victims that have bled upon its. altar, or beoii crushed beneath its car, and our . sens* of the ridiculous subsides into aversion ', and horror. St), while the superstitions dreams 1 of former times are regarded as mere speculative insanities, we may be for a moment amused with the wild incoherences of the patients ; -, but when we reflect that out of these hideous misconceptions of the principles of evil arose the belief in witchcraft — that this was no dead faith, but one operating on the whole being of society, urging on the wisest and the mildest to deeds of murder, or cruelties scarcely less than murder— that the learned and the beautiful, the young and old, male and female, were devoted by its influence to the stake and the scaffold — every feeling disappears except that of astonishment that such things could be, and humiliation at the thought that the delusion was as lasting as it was universal.' Besides this chief personage, there was an infinite number of inferior demons, who assumed various shapes to deceive mankind. The earth and air were supposed to swarm with them ; and many unhappy men and women drew them by thousands into their mouths and nostrils at every inspiration. They sometimes made themselves hideous, and at other times (when, I am afraid, they did a great deal more damage) assumed shapes of such transcendant loveliness that mortal eyes never saw beauty to compare with theirs. All these were at the command of any individual who would givft up his immortal soul to [the Prince of Evil for the privilege of enjoying their services at a stated period. Oc casionally there was a corroboree at the junction of four cross-roads, when the demons met and summoned the wizards and witches, who were bound to come by spells. It is said, that after Satan fixed his mark upon each one, they began to sing and dance in the most furious manner; and when tired, they sat down and recounted their evil deeds. . Those who had not been ma lieious enough were chastised with scorpions ; whilst tho 'Devil's Own' were feasted most sumptuously. Other revolting rites were per formed until the cock crew, when they all dis appeared ; and the revels were ended. Such is a summary of the belief that prevailed for many centuries. It differed in various countries in some respects ; but the main points were the same. WITCHCBAFT. From this hallucination as to the power and influence of evil spirits arose, the belief through out Europe in the 15th century in the doctrine of sorcery, witchcraft, invocation ot evil spirits, compacts with Satan, commerce with subordi nate demons, renunciation of baptismal grace, and the charges and avowals of impious rites and incantations, blasphemies against the Al mighty, seeret murder of children by witchcraft, exhumation of their remains, the horrid hell broth, of the cauldron, the diabolical feast, and the charm of that ointment, which enabled the sorcerers to ride in the air, to raise commotions in the elements, and to send down all sorts of ills on earth, and diseases on man. It is re markable that these mortal epidemics were mostly preceded by remarkable pestilences and famine, and provoked an almost universal belief that the calamities had been brought about by the evil agencies of sorcerers and witches. Thus in the 14th century occurred the greatest scourge which the world has ever seen. I allude to the Black Death or Plague whieh within a short period swept away at least one quarter of? the population of the old world ; aud even in England raged with such violence that, according to historians, only a tenth part of the inhabitants remained alive. It is estimated that Europe alone lost 25,000,000 of its inhabitants. A notion ariose that the springs and provisions had been poisoned, or the air infested by the supposed enemies of the common weal, and thousands of innocent lives were sacrificed under this barbarous notion. Diabolical agency being assumed, every absurdity was easity grafted upon it. The greatest intellects of the day were fettered by the baleful influence, and we find the upright and able Sir Matthew Hale' so late as 1664, passing sentence on two poor women accused of witchcraft at the Essex Assizes — Sir Thomas Brown, the detector of ' Vulgar Errors,' supporting the conviction by his evidence ! We soon find Witchcraft used as a political engine by those who desired to get rid or persons wno were obnoxious to tuem, and with terrible effect. It was a crime imputed ?with so much ease, and repelled with so much difficulty, that the powerful, whenever they wanted to ruin the weak, and could fix. no other imputation upon them, had only to accuse them of witchcraft to ensure their destruction. /Phe execution of Joan of Arc, in the year 1430, by the adherents of the. English, is the most striking example which history affords us of the imputation of witchcraft against a political enemy. You are aware that during the 14th and 15th centuries the unjust and impolitic English wars had reduced France to the very lowest ebb, and had entailed the greatest amount of suffering upon the people. In addition she was troubled by internal foes — the Dnke of Burgundy being the most powerful adherent of the English, monarch,- Henry VI., and. fiio, most mischievous traitor to his own country. About this time, in the small hamlet of Domremj', in the district of Lorraine, was born the illustrious maid whose mission it was to, free her native land from the footstep of the invader. Believing herself to be called by a Divine inspiration she assumed the habiliments; of a warrior, and after performing and exciting -others by her example to the most heroic deeds, this simple but patriotic maiden at length became a victim to the terrible accusation of witchcraft, aud suffered at the stake. The cruel wrong that was thus done to her was in some measure afterwards repaired by the sentence being, reversed, and the French nation now worship the memory of Joan of Arc as one of the most distinguished defenders of her national honour.. The usual means of discovering: the guilt or innocence of the accused' was the appli cation of different kinds of torture, and the ordeals by fire aud water. Under tho latter if by:. any natural means the victim's escaped death the proof was taken as conclusive* that they were witches,, and under the1 former-' we h-ve numerous well attested cases to' shew that the . confession to malignant influence was almost universal, although we have every reason to suppose that the persons who made such ad missions-were quite innocent. The confessions of guilt were generally in a set form of words, suggested no doubt by the torturers, and even ' '? in the case of the young and the innocent, gave - the most harrowing details of commerce with, the evil one. The most singular are those where . the parties admitted that they bad been trans formed into wolves, ami beasts of burden, for the purpose more effectually of carrying out the wicked suggestions and decrees of the Prince of Evil. FORTUNE TELLING. The desire to penetrate the secrets of the fa- ''.' ', ture. and in some measure to redeem his fallen ' nature, has led mankind in all ages and, in all ,. nations to the perpetration of many follies. , Amongst them we may notice the pretended sciences of astrology, augury, necromancy, or ,., the art of revealing future events by means of communicating with the dead, omens, palmistry, card telling, and divination of other kinds. The limited nature of my lecture will not permit me to dwell at any length upon these various topics, but that we are often influenced, and our ima gination worked upon, by these wanderings of the mind is undoubted. Where is the specu- ; lative youth amongst us whose heart has not mlpitated when, after 'trying his hand' at cards the fates have decreed that the ' fair' or, 'dark'' lady, as the case may be, will prove .: fickle to him, and how many a fair face has been blanched when after plucking the merry-thought it has become a settled point that matrimony will not be her lot during that year. Passing , over antiquity we shall find that the 16th and 17th centuries were the golden ages of the im posters who professed these sciences. The be lief in the wonderful, the diabolical, and the su pernatural, was then greater than at any time before. Imposters infested every town and vil lage in Europe to cast nativities, prognosticate happy or unhappy marriages, and were consulted on every point from the kittening of a cat to the crowning of a monarch. Astrology was one of these sciences. Nostrodamus, physician to Henry II., was its chief votary, and his prophe cies, which consisted of four stanzas, each were quite as obseure as the antient oracles, and dis turbed Europe for centuries. By a little inge- ' nuity they could be fitted to almost any event. Necromancy, or the art of communicating with departed spirits for the purpose of receiving re velations from them, was also in much favour. It has been revived in our day in the spiritual ism of America and has many votaries. It has been looked upon in all well regulated nations as a crime of the deepest dye, and even in pagan Rome the most severe laws were passed for its repression. Whether spirits visit the earth is a question upon which the wisest have differed, and many books have been written both in support of and against the doctrine. Sir Walter Scott in his letters on Demonology and Witchcraft, has given the weight of his mighty intellect in favor of the former view. It has always been a favorite subject with poets whose inspiration may be said to come from another world. Shelly for instance says : — Oh ! there are genii in the air, And genii in the evening breeze, And gentle ghosts with eyes as fair, As star-beams among twilight trees. Upon the subject of spirits I shall speak more at length when treating of apparitions, but with, respect to necromany it is sufficient to say that like other of the black arts, it was used to extort money from the credulous and the simple, and notwithstanding the denunciations against its practice, it met with very great encouragement. Of Divination there are many kinds. It is : chiefly confined in Europe to cards, the fea cup, and the lines on the palm of the hand. In Hone's year book there is a Ions list given, shewing the wide scope that man's imagination has taken upon this subject, but the faith now placed in it can give but a faint idea of the excess to which it was carried in former days. DREAMS. The belief that the skilful can read the future by the interpretation of dreams has prevailed from tho earliest ages. I may observe that the main difference between our sleeping and waking thoughts appears to lie in this — that in the former case, the perceptive faculties of the mind are active, while the reflective or reason ing powers by which we control them are gene rally asleep. ' Thus it is that the impressions of dreams are in themselves vivid and natural, but strangely incongruous, and often grotesque; in our dreams we experience nothing of this un likeness to the ordinary course'of events. There is another class in which the reason is uot wholly asleep. We seem to look on as it were from without, and so to have a. double con sciousnesss : on the one hand we enter into the events of the dreams as though real, on the other we feel that it is, but a dream, and we fear lest we should wake' and our pleasaut visions pass a'wa'y. Tlie facts, if they caa be so called, we accept at once,' a'nd test not' their probability as in our waking hours.' The train of 'thought however, is no more capable of being accounted, for than our waking daily thoughts and ideas. iWe kiiovv that although memory and imagina tion supply most of the material -^f drearns, yett' it is undoubted that external physical objects' affect the dreamer, and that words whispered. in . ''- the dreamer's ear have produced a dream corres donding to their subject. I am not going to deny that the Almighty has not only ?'communi- cated, but has permitted created beings to hold communion with the spirit of man by moans of dreams. The sacred scriptures contain too many instances for us to disregard them. Many, ot these dreams, however, were sym bolical, and where they are recorded as means of God's revelation, they were in the earliest ages, when mankind had the most imperfect know ledge of Him; and they became less frequent as . the revelations of prophecy increased until tho law was made perfect by the coming of the Re deemer, when the necessity for direct divine \ communication passed away., Research' and re- . flection will' shew that all dreams' (save those, ; .' that are recorded in the Bible), are tlie rdsul't '?''-'' i ? ? . either of the breaking forth in sleep of a strong desire, or of fancy running riot beyond the control of the judgment, or else proceeding from antecedent thought or emotions, and that no faith can or ought to be placed in them. MODERN PROPHEOIKS. Of the prophecies ?which from time to time ''have startled the world from its propriety, the most remarkable is that which occurred in the tenth century, when it was predicted that the thousand years prophecied in the Apocalypse as the term of the world's duration were about to expire.. Tne number of pilgrims set out for ?Jerusalem might be compared to a desolating army. They were smitten with terror, and every ?change in the atmosphere seemed to announce that the day of judgment was at hand. The world, however, went on as usual, and those who placed faith in the prophecy became victims to their own superstition. The belief that the end of the world is come is a favorite subject with crazed fanatics, and in seasons of pesti lence, or when a comet of more than ordinary magnitude has appeared in the heavens they en deavour to create alarm. So late as 1832 the greatest alarm prevailed by reason of the prox. 'imity of the comet that appeared ia that year. As our earthly planet for some 6000 years has managed to keep out of the way of these erratic bodies, I think we may safely endorse the opi nion's of modern astronomers who contend that there is no danger to be apprehended from them ; other prophecies have been equally mischievous. About the time of the great plague in Milan, in 1630, it was predicted that on a certain day all the wells would be poisoned, and of course this tended to increase the ravages of the disease. 'It was also said that on the 1st February, 1724, the waters of the Thames would rise and en vgulph London. Thousands removed their fami lies and their goods to escape destruction, and their feelings on the 2nd February may be im agined when the waters of old Father Thames rolled along as placidly as ever. Again, when the great fire of London occurred it was with -some difficulty that the people could he prevailed upon to extinguish it in consequence of a pro ' phecy of Mother Shipton, who predicted that it would be reduced to ashes. The fame of Mother Stiipton ranks high in the list of British prophets, and many, of her predictions are believed to this day. A healthier state of the public mind, and 'the diffusion of a sound education, now enable us to smile at these follies and to despise those who would resort to such exploded doctrines. VISIONS. I come now to the question of apparitions, -ghosts, spiritual influence, and those distur bances commonly known as haunted houses. Visipns, it will he found, are the result of our own diseased imagination, and the most extra ordinary ones recorded can be traced to this source. Erroneous ideas enter the intellect of persons, giving false impressions, sensations, and notions, and thus make madmen of them. 'When in this state of mind men can convert the most ordinary occurrences into something mys tical and supernatural. Itis to thisfaculty we can trace the power that Swedenborg and other seers had of communicating at will with the .:.-. Spiritual world. The subject of visions, how ever, which are connected with religion, and with the history of persons of saintly lives, is of a very different description from those manifes tations called spiritual, of sonnambulists, and other spirit raisers. For an example of the former we have only to read the visions and Revelations of St. Teresa, and for the latter look to the revelations of such persons as the 'Philadelphian Society, established in 1651. The members of this society wei'e called ' angelic ?brethren.' Soon after it waa established all the members fell into ecstasy, in which they firsc saw visions of the dark world in the most horrible forms, but as a set off, immediately afterwards they had visions from the world of ?angels. The spirits from the world of darkness, we are told, passed in great pomp before their eyes. Their carriages were drawn by beasts, -such as dragons, bears, tigers. &c.; The unhappy spirits also appeared in the human form, yet in various distortions — some with the ears of cats, ?others with claws, or with fiery eyes, great 'teeth, and mouths drawn all on one side. At this period religious feeling ran very high, and fanaticism and fanatic transports were the order of the day. NumberB of examples might be quoted similar to the ' angelic brethren.' Bearing this explanation in mind we shaJl have but little difficulty in accounting for ghosts, hobgoblins, sprites, leprehauns, and other spiritual apparitions which in our infancy have caused us so much terror, and in our maturer years have inspired us with awe. To say that there is no such things as ghosts or haunted houses, however true in itself, would be to advance an assertion which would not, I believe, be received very favourably by my hearers. Who, for instance, independent of the disciples of the Katcliffe school, has not heard some tale of horror, or is not acquainted with some dismal house where unearthly voices are ?heard at the witching hour of night, ' when churchyards yawn and the graves give up their ?dead,' and the clanking of chains and the groans of unhappy spirits are, it is said, distinctly -heard by every passer-by. There are hundreds ?Of these houses in many parts of Europe, which liave been tabooed for some cause, and only serve as a handle for some marvellous tale ; yet the disturbing causes can all be traced to some simple cause or another. Amongst the most extraordinary recorded are those of ' The Demon of Tedworth' — a trick played off in the house of Mr. Mompesson, in the year 1661 ; the Cock Lane Ghost, which for some time kept London iu a state of commotion ; the distur bances in a house near Vauxhal some ten years later ; and the haunted house at Banchory, in Aherdeenshire, so late as the year '1838. The deceptions in these several cases are satisfac torily explained, and must certainly create astonishment that the contrivances could, for the time they lasted, have deceived the public. Akin to these may he classed the modern doctrine of spiritual influences, which has made so much progress in America, and which, so far as rapping and table turning are concerned has some votaries in England. The first of these extraordinary movements had its origin in a house at Hydesville. in the United States, inha bited by a family named Fox, in the year 1848. We are told that soon after they took up their residence in the dwelling they heard slight knockings, and that finally the chairs and other furniture in the room began to move about. One stormy evening Kate, the youngest girl, hap pened to remark that as often as her father shook a window-sash the noise seemed to reply ; she then snapped her fingers saying, 'Here old splitfoot, do as I do,' and the knocking instantly responded. So much for the origin of spirit rapping. Since then the movement has deve loped itself with a rapidity unparalleled in the history of any other delusion. It is only in the United States that a just idea of these manifes tations can be obtained. The harmless spirit rapping of Kate Fox has become the least re markable of the phenomena. There are now media of all kinds ; musical media, writing media, bird, &c;, &e.;, media, we are. assured with no taste for music, when impressed would play well on the piano ; others would paint well who had no knowledge of the art ; pianos and violin cellos would play of themselves, and the hand and pen of media would write various messages mechanically without any effort of volition or thought. The minds of the media would be impressed with important messages and inter esting scenes partaking of the nature of clair voyance and second-sight ; writing would take place without human agency, and table furni ture, &c;, would move, even in opposition to great pressure. As might be expected, the re ligious opinions propounded by these people are equally wild and visionary and their writings of the most blasphemous description. Some extracts were here read by the lecturer from the writings of ' spiritualists' in illustration of this statement. As regarded the supposed spiritual manifestations they may be passed by with the observations already made upon them, but with respect to table turning and the moving of other kinds of furniture, Professor Faraday and other scientific men have demonstrated that the effects proceed from involuntary muscular action, and leave no doubt that they harmonize with those other natural laws that regulate the universe. In somnambulism, naturally induced, (in contra distinction to that produced by mesmeric influ ence) some of the mental faculties are in action, others are suspended as in dreams, and accord ing as the mind is in a higher or lower state of excitement, visions are produced. Dr. M'Nish, in his work on the philosophy of sleep, gives several examples of persons at pleasure having the power of seeing whatever phantasms they wished to see. In somnambulism one fact is remarkable, that is, the somnambulist walking with the eyes open and the sense of that organ shut while the power of vision seems substi tuted by some new medium of communication which we are quite ignorant of. As an instance that these delusions are not confined to the humble and the lowly, and that not within the warm and holy shelter of religion, but under the blighting exposure of infidelity do these hallucinations grow — that they sometimes take root amongst the learned, and the scien tific, who reject all revelation as beneath the recognition of their intellect, I may refer to a remarkable book full of misplaced knowledge and perverted ability, published a few years since, — I allude to the Letters of Harriet Mar tineau and Henry George Atkinson. This gifted woman who began her literary life a Christian has ended in old age an Infidel, and has sub scribed to the somnambulistic doctrines pro pounded by Dr. Atkinson in his letters on the senses and nervous system. Mr. Hart here read some very interesting ex tracts from the book in question. As a last instance of delusion and deception the lecturer, to the great amusement of the audience, touched upon the different feats of legerdemain and slight of hand performed by Professor Anderson, and other Wizards, and explained the manner in which the trick of the inexhaustible bottle, the trick of eating paper shavings and producing ribbon, and others, were performed. Mr. Hart said, in conclusion — I have now faintly alluded to various mental disturbances which have been productive of very great evils to the human race ; and if I have awakened a spirit of enquiry I feel that I shall have done some service. The study, if pursued with ear nestness and truthfulness, will prove not only very interesting, but will be of great practical utility in enabling us to avoid those dangerous rocks where not only our forefathers, hut some of the wisest and most learned men of the day, have been shipwrecked ; and in investigating the harmonies of Nature, and those laws which regulate the universe, we shall be overwhelmed with the goodness and wisdom of the Almighty, and we shall exclaim with the Psalmist — 'How great art thy works, oh Lord ! thou hast made all things in wisdom, the Earth is filled with thy riches.' At the close of the lecture, which lasted one hour and a half, and during which the lecturer often quoted from Ennemoser's History of Magic, Madden's Illusions and Fanaticisms, Mackay's Popular Delusions and Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World, showing the re markable manias which possessed some people at different epochs, and which caused great merriment among the audience. A vote of thanks on the motion of Mr. Chisholm, seconded by Mr. O'Connor, was carried by acclamation. It was then announced by Father Corish that the next lecture on that day fortnight would be delivered by Sir Charles Nicholson, Baronet, and that he had just received a note from F. Turville, Esq., the Governor's private secretary, informing him that on that occasion the chair would be occupied by his Excellency Sir John Young. ____-_— «m___~—_.«, A Spaniard, named Signor Monturiol, has discovered the means of constructing a vessel by means of which he and a crew can live at the bottom of the sea. 