THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. IIIE.1I1IK ItOYAIi ' Sweethearts and Wives,' with Sir William Don in Liston's old part of Billy Lackuday, was played on Saturday evening. The piece abounds in tho old stage conventionalities, and even tho most enthusiastic /audi tor temporit acti must admit that tha case with which PariB is now reaclv-d has given our playyrights a won derful neatness in the construction of dramas. The quaintnessof Sir William's humour: tho natural nclinrr of Rogors as Admiral. Franklin; tho grace of Lady 1 Don's Laura, and tho spirit of Mrs. Ilcir'a Eugenia, would havo made auy piece go well, but they wero to a great extent wasted on 'Sweethearts and Wives.' 'Tho Two Buzzards,' and 'Nan, the Good for No thing,' in which Lidy Don sang that wonderful ' My Johnny wss a Shoe-raa-kecer,' made an excellent night's performance. On Monday Tom Taylor's comedy of 'iTlio Overland Houto' was produced with an excel lent cast. The success of this piece in London was some thing 'remarkable,' It having been played for 152 nights at tbo [Iaymarket. The nlot is very sketchy and Blight, two acts being on board the P. and O. steaaier Simoom, on her passage up tho Red Sea from Aden to Suez, and tho last act being on the Moosaffer reef, on which that vessel is wrecked. The comedy, after being played three nights, was withdrawn, and wo feel bound to say that it was, comparatively speakinir, a failure. At the same time we cannot help expressing our astonishment at such a result. Any one who hu.i made a trip by the overland; route, 'or who has hud many oppor tunities of associating with Anglo-Indians, can not fail I ; at ' being struck with Mr. Taylor's familiarity with the jdiosyncracles of that class of per sons, and although the incidents are by no means striking, tho dialogue is hrilli»nt, and the situations effective, in the extreme. The first act passes in the saloon of the Simoon screw-steumer, where wo speedily make ac quaintance with one Tom Dixtcr (Mr Heir), who, with out any definite position in society, is a sortofadmirablo Criclilon in his accomplishments, and who, with a light head and a light purse, is coming home from India in the steerage, after haying edited newspapers 'in the molussil,' and practised medicine, for which he has been duly qualified, with little advantage to himself, wuatover it might havo been to his patients. As the regular doc tor on board wants an assistant, the captain promotes him to tho vacant ofllclil po-t, which enables him to mis on tcrmi of equality with the Hm-class passengers. Hero ho finds himself not alto^eihcr a stranger. In Mrs. Sebrii/ht (hudy Don) ho recognises tho wife of an old friend, Jack Scbright, of the Indian navy, but he observes at the same time that she is coquetting with Mr. Colencppi r, Into commissioner of tho Bailgeriporo district (Mr. Holers!, and Xir Solomon Frascr, K.O.Ii. (Mr. Ilnrwood), a ci-divant resident at several native courts, ond who is obliged to Imvo recourse to art to supply the defects of ago. Without really stating tho fact, she tacitly countenances the belief that she is a widow, and beguiles the lidlum of tho voyage by in dulging in flirtutioiii with her sexagenarian admirers, and receiving from them valuable testimonies of their devotion in tlio form of Cushmcro shawls and diamond necklaces. The (-ood services of Dexter, accompanied by equally good advice, Bavo tho supposed widow from com promising herself further, but her giddiness is not yet corrected, though reproved. Thcro is bcstdesiWins Cole pepper (Mrs. M iuterbottom), whoso lifo Tom has saved ut the time of the mutiny, and whoso fair face he hat never since forgotten, though he now finds her the affianced bride of a foppish officer, Captain Clavcring (Mr. O'llrien), of the eominauder-in-cliiePa staff. It fortunately happens that Tom tins had an opportunity of detecting this individual's unfair practicesatthoclub-room inSimlah,so that he holds 11 secret in his possession which makes the captain deferentially respectful, and enables him to warn the young lady of his real character. Another important personage on board is Mrs, Lovihond (Mrs, Phillips), wlioso violent tempor has been tho cause Df.her husband's leaving ; her Un years before with the threat 'of ielf-'deslructlonf but who Js consoling herself for his loss by- tbo gallantries 'of one Ma,or Hector M'Turh (MnHoopeO, who blusjers' himself into her pood graces. Her supposed' decea6edhusbond, Lovibond (Sir William Don), isj bojaTcr,-, .hearer that she imagines. Ho has been to Singapore and made his fortune, and is now roturnirtg home with the dread of his wifo still Btrong upon him, the unro cORutsed occupant of the very next cabin, A principal reason for bin having so far been enabled to escape re coRnitlon is, that ho has taken tho berth of one Dow vey, who has aurrendored it tn him for n consideration, mid ho consequently hns continued to pass iinitcr tliat rnmo. This Downey is a mm that ban oommittcd oef t»in fori;cric« that havo made liicn the object of inquiry with Moleskin, a detective (Jir. Wright), who has a warrant foi his approhoDeion, and tlioretoro tho peculiarly embarrassing predicament in which tho luck less Lovtbond is placed may be easily anticipated. Sir William's first ontranco in an odd-looliicg nightcap and dressing-gown, with a gash under his chin, produced by shnviag under difficulties, provoked a Renernl roar of laughter from tho audience; and when ho rushes by mistake into his wifo's cabin in this strange nttirc, ho ia mistaken by her for the ghost of himself, and regarded by the furious Hector M'Turk. as a direct violator of feminine propriety', meritine summary punishment. To add to his misfortunes, he in suddenly seized by the de tective as the Downey that is ' wanted,' nnd immedi ately handcuffed, so that tho only hopo of olearinjr himself from the imputation, is to reveal himself to his wife, nnd get her to establish his identity, which is too frightful an alternative to bo resorted to without com pulsion, so that he distractedly resigns himself to his ;*ttte, nnd on tho picture of. despair that ho presents the act-drop falls. Tho second act takes place on the qnartcr-dock at sunset, tho scene being built out with a wonderful air of reality about it. Lovibond is com pelled to make): himself known to his wifo, but tho shrewd detective refuses to acknowledge this proof of his being her husband ns a proof of his innocenco of tho crime with which ho is charged ; and ho is, besides, threatened with a shot through llio body by tho prac tised duellist, Major M'Turk. Tliea6siduoun attentions to Mrs. ScbriglU of tho two old East Indians oro being renewed, with a more marked desire on tho part of each suitor to outgeneral the other, a manccuvro which is sought to bo accomplished by enlisting tho aid of Dexter; nnd tho rivals acquainting him with the littlo flaws in their rejpectivo characters which they have detected, the doctor is cnabh d to turn tho knowledgo thus acquired to account, whilst ho shows Mrs Sebrinht more clearly the folly of her conduct, and compels her to acknowledge it. A dance upon deck is proposed, to heighten the enjoyment of the calm evening, and in the midst or' tho gaiety tho vessel strikes upon a reef. In tho third act wo find the whole of tho passengers and crow nro saved, but they are, nevertheless, in tho midst of dangers and difficulties. The captain has been dis abled by an injury to his arm, but the ever-ready JJcx tcr admirably supplies his place, rigs up tents for the shelter of the ladies nnd children, attends to their wants with skill and alacrity, and organises a most efficient system which shall mako their scanty stock of provi sions last as long as possible till relief arrives. Tho disaster has brought brilliantly out the better feelings of some of the shipwrecked party, nnd shown the hol low pomposity of others in the most contemptible light. Mrs. Scbright, no longer the vain flirt, is a ministering angel to the nfllicted, and busies herself in a variety of useful ways to keep up tho health and spirits of her fel low passengers. Mr. Cohpcppcr readily adapts himself to tho new circumstances by which he linda himself sur rounded. Major M'Twk turns out a thorough pol troon. Loviboud is happy in the possession of a pair of thick boots, nnd the consciousness that Moleskin, not being so fortunately provided, is unable to haunt him with his perpetua'l prcsenco, whilst Tom Dexlcr is about everywhere, lending a hand wheucverit is wanted, and winning more nnd more the esteem of tho passen gers, tho lovo of Miss Colcpcppcr, and tho good -will of her father, who ultimately consents to their marriage in gratitude for Tom having rescued from tho wreck somo vouchers thfit will enablu him to preserve both his hon our and his fortune. All are thoroughly improved by the lesson they have learned from adversity, and when the steamer is descried coming to their rescue, and the pinnaco is put off, with Jack Stbriqltt as commanding officer, and tUo reformed Mrs. Scbriyhl is clasped in tlio arms of her long absent husband, a tableau is formed, promising n bright destiny in store for the whole group thnt centres round the clever, good uiturcd Tom Dexter. When wo say that every actor played with caro; that Sir William's make-up was most artistic; that Lad}' Don was so captivating as Mrs. Sebright thnt wo did not wonder »t tho two old g-outlemen falling head over heels in lore with hor; that Mrs l'tiiUt»3 wa* Mrs. Lovittond to the life -, our readers will, wo think, agree with us that 'Tin Over land Routo ' ought to hnu- proved a grfnt attraction. Mr. Heir was scarcely vivacious enough for Dixtcr. ' Kan, tho Good for Nothing ' wns the afterpiece on Monday and Tuesday. ' Poor I'lllicoddy' and Ladj Don's ' Death of Nelson' being substituted on Wed nosdoy for tho beni fit of Mrs. Phillips. On Thursday 'Tlie Jacobite ' and 'The Milltr ' wero repeated.! I'RiKOEfm'tt iheitiu:. Gilbert Abbott A1 Beckett's version of tho 'Castle of Otranto' was produced on Saturday evening. Poor Walpole would scarcly recognise the creation of his brain in the slangy lines in which the horrors of tho Bpectral helmet aro described. Modern litterateurs havo worked sad havoc with tho stories of our youth, and wo fancy that the next generation will scarcely shudder with such ecstatic terror over the ' Monk' as we did in our young days, or take such interest in the fate of Manfred's race. The burlesque abounds in puns, but there are aone of those hideous plays upon words which Byron delights in. The humour U natural, rot forced, and the wit subtle rather than coarse. The Manfred of Mr. Fawcett, and the Isabella o( Miss Rosa Dunn, were meritorious. nnd ye cannot help giving a word of encouragement to Miss Mootro3e, a young lady who played Matilda. Miss Young acted Theodore with spirit, although she was in very bad voice. ' Martin Chuzzlewit' was produced on Monday, but was a comparative failure. Tho pieco is badly constructed, none of the genius of the novelist oozing out in tho drama: besides which, the incidents aro eo unconnected, and the characters so badly drawn, that it is impossible to recognise tho Tom Pinch and tho Jonas of Dickens in their prototypes on tho stage. The only good parts aro those of Smrey Gamp and Betsey Prig (Mr. Stewart and Mr. Dunn), but even as one swal low does not make a summer, so two characters won't save a piece, and so, despite of tho really excellent acting of Mr. Edwards as Pecksniff, ' Martin Chuzzlewit' was withdrawn after it had been played two nights. On Wednesday, tho audieiico were trcatod to the leeitirnato. tho popular although hackneyed play, ' Tho Lady of Lyon3,' being tho lirst pieoo. We we're much pleased with the Claude ot Mr. lulwards, and Miss Dunn gave another proof of her versatility in the role of Pauline. Mrs. Hancock,' who is about to Icaro for Knglanri, tock a bmiofit on Thursday evening. The piece d-i resistance was ' Fia Dinvnlo,' with tho lencficiaire «s Ztrlina, Mndaroc Carandini was ihe brigand, nnd Mr. Slierwiu Lord Allcnsh Tho housa was well attonded, and, in n pecuniary sense, tli'i performance was highly satisfactory. ' Jessie Ilrown' will be played to-night, and ' The Oc toroon' on Monday. (llIKIiOItlE 4?AIt»KIVH. 'The Fair Ono with tho Golden Locks' has boon played throughout tho week to fair bouses, 'John Wopps the l'olicemnn' being the nlterplece. Thinks to Grovillo's excellent acting ns the king, nnd the clever mechanical effects of Mr. Hcnno, Plonchu's burlesque promises to havo a long run. On Monday tho (jnnltns wero abandonod to tho votaries of Turpai chorc, the third bal innsquq of the season having beon fixed for that evening. Elegant nnd picturesque dr Cr-.sc i wtro at a discount from their very abundance, hut tho mashers appoared to think that when thoy hail ex changed the jupo and uegtap of everyday life, for tho flowing robes of nu Eastern prir.cces, or the armour of n orusader, that they hud done their possiblo. Thoro was very littlo attempt at supporting the clm- actor us BUtncd, and tho repartee of tho debardcurs was ol a vory colonial diameter, nnd the badinage of the l'iorrots cxcfeslvely ' o.isy.' However, fun and good humour wcio tho distinguishing features of tho evening, and excellent order was mv'u'nined. PnilVIHOIAK, Bai.i.aahat. — On Mondny tho performances wore for tho Ijtnolit of Mr. anil lira. Cluranco Holt, when ' lilg oletlo or tho I'ool's Itevcugo,' a blank verso play from tho fertile pen of the popular Turn Taylor, wss presented. Tlio Iioiibo was fairly att-mded, and Mr. Holt's rendering of the oharnotor of tho jester made a vory Uvournb'o impression upon the audience. Mr. J. H. Wnllaok, a veteran who has been before the public both as actor and manager for somo fivo awl forty ytatf, opened for a fivo nights' onuaKo ment on ^ Tuesday as Squire Broadlands in tlio 'Coun- try Squire.' On Ilia appearance ho was greotod with a most cordial rc-ccptioD. Wo cannot conceive a muoh better delineator of tho character thnn that of Mr. WalUck; (jei.in.1, ensy and natural, ho was the sqalro to the life, and deserved the honour of » call which ho re ceived at the ^inclusion of the pioco. The Horace Sri wood of Mr. Hosklns was ft most finished performance, and tho reception which ho met with must have been most gratifying. Mr. and Mr* Chapman, as George Sclwnod and Mistress Temperance, also contribuied much towards the success of tho pieco. On Wednesday 'The Hood to ltuin';was produced, with Mescrs. Wallack nnd Hoskius ob OldDornlon and Qutdfinch. On Thursday Mr. WalUck appoared as Falstaffla ' Henry the F' urth,' n charaoter whioh he liasmadeespcclallyhfs own ; arid 011 Frid..y ' Tho fiohool for Boaudal ' was to havo been norformed, Mr. Wallack sustalninethecharac ter of Sir Peter Teazle, uupportod by Mrs. Holt -s Lady Teazle, and Mr. Hosklns as Cliarles Surface. Mr. D»lo, who has lately joined tho rouiprtny as lowcomodian, has already established himself a great favourite. Mr. E. F. Morris appears to suit the tustcft ot the pttlrons of tho Charlie, and supported by '.ho Misses Royal and Madame LouUe, draws fair attendances. lli'.NDtao. — ' Mario du Hudeuz,' a translation of a German play, was produced at the Lyceum last week, and its representation was continued till Satnrday, Madame Duret's impersonation of the hcroino was gene rally admirod. On MondDy Mr. Dominic Murray took his benefit. An adaptation of Charles Kendo's novel of ' Never too Lute to Mend 'was. tho piece tit resis tance on the occasion. On Wednesday the members of tho Lyceum company gave a complimentary benefit to Mi', J. II. Abbott, Tuo pieces wero ' Tlio School for Caprice,' 'A Manager in Distress,' nnd tho 'Happy Man.' Tho dramatic season ai this house is advertised to close on Saturday. The MorBh troupo continue, to attract capital business at the Royal,. Last week; they prpducfdths burlcsquobf (' Tho ilBluty and tho Beast,' which had a - run :till Saturday..1 On that evening a piece called 'Jumbo Jurft' was brought out, n which Mr. Marsh, scni, sustained a nogro character very successfully. On Monday ' littlo Georgo had a b'oncfit; and tho houso was absolutely crammed; Tho performances comprised 'Tho Naiad Queen, for their rendering of which ths troupo aro justly admired ; Mr. Harry Jackson's imitations of celebrities, ns Sylvester Daggerumil ; and 'Tho Toodlcs.' Tho next novelty is to bo 'Fortunlp and his Seven Gifted Servnnls,' which is annoupced for Monday next. Last ovoninc tho Wiseman family were to havo had n farewell benefit at the Lyceum. - ? ? Castlemaink.— OnFriday evening themembersotthn Maldon Gurriok Club cavo n performance nt tho Koy.il, far tho benefit of their Btnio mannper, Mr. A.'Beokott Evans; but wo wero sorry to soo that tho nudieuce w»s n very menprc ono. Tlio picoeB nelootcd were ' Tho Serious Family ' nnd tho farco of ' Dono Brown,' nnd the manner in which both woro rendtrod gave ontlro satisfaction to those who bad tho pleasure of witnessing the performance Dunoiay.— Tho correspondent of tho Maryborough Advertiser thus writes to thnt journsl :— ' A very ' fair awliunce attended Frayne's theatre- on Friday evening, to seo Mr. G. V. Bronko nnd Miss Jones. Tlio enter tainment commenced with 'Love's Sacrifice,' Mr. Brnoko nlnvinjr the part of Matlhcm Elmorc with frront effeot. 'Mir/8 Jones aleo made a very favourable impres sion n'- Margaret; hor noting wnn oxcollont throughout the pieco, and elicited roost onthusiastio applnurc. Mr. Frod. Y-iingo wns' particularly cood as Jean ItitPC. Paid Lafunl, Eugene de Lorrne, St. Lo, and Friar Do minick, wero very ably sustained by Messrs. Noble, Strecton, Sliute, and Wood ; tho rest of tho cnmpnny wore all ? woll up.' Mrs. Hurry Jnckson ns JTcminie dc Vermont, Mrs, Wood as Marion, nnrlMisj Julio Milne as Jenny, wero alao very good. At tlio conclu sion of tho pl»y Mr. Brooko nnd HIeb .Tones wnro rap turously cnllod lipforo the curfnln. Tho performance ranulucfed with ' Tho Buzzard Family,' in which Mr. Fred. Youngo as John Small was irresistible, and kept the hnuso In a continuous roar of laughter. Mr. Noblo, Mr. and Mrs. Wood, and Miss Milne, also acquitted thcmselvos in a very crcHitnb'o manner. I trust it will not be long ere wo havo a|-nin tho pleasure of witness ing nnothor performance by this talented company on Dunnlly.' nr.Rr.nwn. — On Mnnrlnvtlift mnnjiffpmrmr. nf fhn 'Rovnl produced the drama of ' Chnrlen XII.,' nnd repented the successful burlesquo of ' Fra Diavolo.' On Wcd nesiliy Another historical drama entitlod'Tho Siege of Strnlsund ' wns performed. Ikqluwood. — On Saturday Mr. Brooko and Mina Jones, with Mr. Frcil. Younpo nnd Co., nnpeared in 'Lovo'n Sncrifico ' and 'Tho Buzzirds.' ntthoThcatra Hoj'-l, InRlowooil. Taiiuengoweb.— On Saturday night Mr. nnd Mrc. Geo. Simula mado their flret bow on Tnrrengower, to a modorntoly filled houso, nnd wo aro glad nt being nble to roncratulntc them on tho entire bucccss of their efforts to please. CO&OIVIAIi.; Adelaide.— The Observer ntato- that. 'Tho operatic oom:auy, so long expected, mado th'r first appenrnncoin Adelaide on Wednesday week, before ono of the largent nnd mnnt respectable audiences thnt was ever nssembled in Ihe Victoria Theatre. Previous to tho commencp mout of tlio opera, the orchestra performed with reraark ublo precision nnd effect tho ovcrturo to 'Zampl,' which was loudly applaudod. The band consisted of Air. Lindloy Normnn (who presided at the plnno), Hcrr Kohler, tho Messrs. Sohracder, Hcydecko, And White. The opera selected for rcprcsentatiin was Verdi's ' II T'ovatore.' Signnra Bmuchi performed the part of ieonora, and the Slstnor that of Jl/anrico.' Tho othtr members of tbo company aro MIb3 Julia Ilarland, Mr. John Gregg, and Slgnor Grossl. 