METROPOLITAN I S M O N M P A . , [BT OCBSPEOUi OOBBE8POKDEHI.] Ho. XXVII. SYDNEY, JAKTTABY 18. Parliamentary News of the Weak.—Political Gossip.— A Week of Gloom and Warning.—Crime ana its Penalty.—The Latest News from Ne«r Zealand: the Capture of the Chief Pah.—The Felon Demonstration at Cockatoo.—Miscellaneous News of the Week.—'Commercial Notes, &c.; The fourth Parliament of New South Wales under responsible Government met in their inconvenient, ill-ventilated, and indifferently-lighted chambers, •Maequarie-Btreet, at noon, on Thursday last. As Parliament was expected to do only a little prelimr nary work on that day, the muster of Members was neither numerous nor respectable, supposing dress to bare anything to do with respectability. Honourable gentlemen made up for their preceding day's shabbivbbs by a devotedness to British fashion, which, in some special (tat) instances, .culminated toithe dignity of martyrdom. To see Mr. Edward Eaper bound up in tight-fitting black broadcloth, panting and perspiring in the discharge of his duty of waiting for His Exccllency the Governor-General to formally open Parliament,—you could (if you are a person of an imaginative turn of mind) for a moment fancy that one of those fine young bullocks which Sir. Baper used a few years ago to victimise—in the literal sense of that modern verb—had donned sable armour, and £elt exceedingly uncomfortable with its tightness. But Baper's demonstration was nothing to W. B. Allen's. The Herald having twitted the new Members with ihe imputation of 'shabbiness, some ten or twelve of them, at least, gave orders to their tailors—or at the nearest Monster Clothing Hall—for fashionable full, or " demi-half " glistening suits; and, consequently, Young Garrett, Young Driver, Knotty Buchanan, "Nobby" Hoakins, and many, others, appeared quite up to ,the approved costume-mark for a small teaparty. Mr. Protectionist W. B. Allen eclipsed them all.' Jt was at one time considered—or rather oure asserted by that cur of cynics, Frank Fowler—that all the water,in the " rude salt sea" would not wash the tallow out.of Mr. Allen's physiognomy. This is only another of Mr. Fowler's " false facts,"—that is to say, in order to explain the bull, the false statements put forward .as /facte bv that aforesaid critic of inferior caninebreed. Mr. Allen appeared yesterday insuperfine Saxony .broadcloth, an elaborate Turkish necktie, a monstrous contorted watch-chain, of London manufacture, French kid gloves, and patent Spanish leather boots—a rare and appropriate costume tor the leading Protectionist in the .country. But why do I devote so much space tothe" tailory and millinery" of yesterday's pageant? .Simply because there was nothing else about the affair worth describing. Take the naked facts:—The Assembly meets at ten minutes past eleven; then a number of Members go with the Speaker to Government-House—something is done there; suddenly the booming of cannon is heard, and the crash of a brass band playing a tune quite aB lively as "Fop Goes the Weasel," although only remotely suggestive of the advent of a certain conquering hero, whose dead may be easily buried, and whose ghosts (I mean of the aforesaid dead, not of the said conquering hero) will never trouble anybody's rest except Mr. Maclay's; and, finally (not to make my sentence unreadably long) the Governor-General enters ,-the Legislative Council amidst the rustling of silk (for there were sixty-nine ladies presents, besides honourable officials in silk gowns), and, having mounted the vice-throne, read the speech worse than ever I have heard Sir William Tead before. As the speech will ,no doubt be served up—not dished, for it was soup tnatgre and nothing more—by the Editor of the Banner, I will say nothing further about it. Addresses approving ;of it were subsequently moved in both Houses, carried in the Assembly, but rejected, or metamorphoBed into a bitter pill, compounded of sugar of censure with spin ess: fort: of malevolence and personal hostility towards the two highest or foremost men in all the land. This pill is to be further deliberated on on Monday next, with, probably, the view of adding some other ingre- .dients to it. But .enough nunc on politics; I shall have to dose tlie reader abundantly with them hereafter. Death, in various afflicting forms, has been teaching us terrible, awful lessons, if we have only the eyes strong and clear enough to read, or the ear morally attuned to hearken unto them. Here is a record of them—a sad history of two happy homes made desolate, and fresh, beautiful life (probably rashly) sacrificed :—Mr. and Mrs. Adams, and Mr. and Mrs. Tyrrell (of South Head Boad), with the child of the latter, were fishing from a boat at anchor off Blue's Point, North Shore, when it was run down by the Martha Ellen, coaster, and both females, as well as the child, were drowned. Mr. Adams escaped by grasping the coaster's anchor and climbing on board, while Mr. Tyrrell reached tho shore by swimming. Many rushed off to attempt a rescue, but in vain; and it was not until the next day that the bodies were recovered. They were found just as they had sunk —locked tightly in each other s arms. The captain and mate of the coaster are in custody upon the charge of baring, by negligence, caused this fatal result. The general feeling is, that there has been negligence, but not of a highly criminal character. To this painful record I must add another almost as heart-rending:—"There have been two omnibus accidents, both of which have led to fatal results. Captain and Miss Wilson, brother and sister, were riding in a dog-cart, and conversing, when they came in contact with one of the Paddington small omibuses or cars, and Miss Wilson, being cast out under the feet of the horses, was so severely injured that her recovery is considered impossible. It is not improbable, in fact, that she will have breathed her last ere this appears. In the other case, the horses of an omnibus took fright, near the White Horse Inn, and notwithstanding the efforts of the driver (who held the reins as long as he could, even after he was thrown from his seat) to restrain them, they did not stop until they came into collision with a wood-cart, near the Queen's Wharf. A man named Charles Hall was so severely injured when the 'bus was turned over by this collision, that he died at an early hour on the following morning. Another man lies at the Infirmaiy with but little hope of his recovery; and a third passenger, as well as the "conductor" "of the vehicle, was severely bruised, Some female passengers happily escaped without material hurt. The driver of the wood-cart was also a good deal bruised. - There are still two others:— Yesterday evening, shortly after eight o'clock, a servant girl named Susan lieahy, employed at the White Horse Inn, George-streflt, was engaged in lighting either a candle or • gas burner in the room next to the bar parlour. After she had done so she thiew.the match on the floor and put her foot upon it to extinguish it, when by some means or other her dress, which was made of light inflammable material, caught fire. In an instant the flames began to gain the ascendanqy, which so terrified the poor girl that she appeareto have lost the use of her reason, for she commenced running wildly about from room to room, screaming in the most heart-rending manner. A gentltman who witnessed, the accident followed, and succeeded in partially enveloping her in a piece of carpet. This had the effect of subduing the flames, and would have quite extinguished them,. but that the young woman buret away and again commenced running wildly from place to plac^ screaming piteously all the time. Seven! gentlemen pursued the fugitive, and throwing her on the ground by main force, succeeded, by means of old bags mid pieces of carpet, in extinguishing the flames, but not before the young woman had been seriously burnt on the arms, back, ttdi body. She was conveyed to the Infirmary, where eh'e now lies in a precarious state. I was present when she was brought to the Infirmary gate, and I shall never forget the honor her heart-rending cries and shrieks caused amongst the few spectators that chanced to be about.' Jeremiah Burbon, who w?s picked up on Sunday morning in a fit,in Pitt-stroet, caused, it is supposed, by gome inon beating him, died yesterday morning, at half-part eleven b'clock, inthe Infirmary. An inquest will be held on thehody this morning. A man named Blanchfield, fifty years of age, determinedly put an end,to Ms life by suspending himself to B tree with his neckochief. He was a hopdess and penniless poor old fellow, and no doubt was labouring under a wfld exatement produced by want of food, and a pint of gonial ale. The' Attorney-General JIBS refused to prosecute the Amazonian Isabella .Kelly, committed 'Cist week,- at the Central Polioe Court, for wilful pequry. The case against the girl O'Brien, for infanticide, has been dismissed fer wanV of ^dgnce, afliough ertaetfHr tiie -magistrates who heard the case believe from NewEeatai^^nfe 1 Pratthave pa of one of 'ihe atrtngert Wtogrng to the Waikatos. - The Maoris are deeply disheartened, but will fight to.the last. P.S. I open my letter to mention a report I have heard to the effect that the Governor-General has expressed great indignation at Mr. William Macleay's introduction of his name in the debate on the Address. If Sir William were a younger or lees Christian man, the probability of an affair of honour would not be unlikely- Mr. R. Wisdom is to be Chairman of Committees without opposition, just aB Mr. Murray has been promoted to the Speakership. I may as weQl add the following notes on accidents which have recently occurred:— Mr. Robert M'Phee, a clerk in a mercantile estab lishment, and a member of one of the Volunteer Rifle companies, died at the close of last week from injuries which he had received through a fall from his horse, during the Christmas holidays. He was buried with military honours. A workman, named Alexander Westland, fell on Monday down the well of St. Matthias' Church, Paddington, and waB so severely injuried that he still lies in a very precarious state. 