COUNTRY NEWS. GouLiiuiiK ELECTION. - The Goulburn Herald of Wednesday states that, as yet, there is no candidate in the field for that electorate. _ . _ _ . DIBCOVERY or "HUMAN REMAINS.-During the past week, as Mr. Dickson, of Saw-pit Gully was pros- pecting about the neighbourhood, he came upon some ground wliich he thought was likely to answer, and commencing operations, dug a few feet, when he came upon'some boards. Following up the discovery, he found that it was a coffin containing human romains. Dr. Beer was sent for, when it was found to be the . skeleton of a Chinaman, the flesh upon the bones being much decomposed, and apparently haying been . buried about three months. It may be remembered that about that peried, a large number of Chinese then residing in the locality decamped, their sudden depar- ture being accounted for by their labouring under, the delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by a ghost. It is now supposed that the exodus took place in consequence of the interment of this body, as it is believed that the deceased met with foul play, and his countrymen decamped before the outrage should be discovered.-Braidwood Observer. CHINESE FROM NATIVE Doo CREEK.-Numbers of Chinamen are returning from these diggings, not in small parties, hut by whole " camps." On Tuesday, a heavily laden dray, accompanied by a large number of this race returning from the scene of the late affray entered the town. On enquiring the reason of th?ir return, they replied " no good."-Bathurst Free Press, ORANGE, MAY 27.-A little hoy, aged nine years, the son of Mr. and Mis. Dunn, was carried off by diphtheria the other day, within twenty hours of the first symptoms appearing.-At a Court of Petty Sessions, held here on the 23rd, a man named Keenan was committed te take his trial for mixing sand with some wheat he had sold to Mr. Sheehan, of Frederick's Valley. Out of thirteen bags no less than 215 pounds of sand were discovered in the centre of the wheat. Through the exertions of Mr. Chief-conBtable Fin- nerty, the act was brought home to the man Keenan, who is now on his way to Bathurst under escort. Bathurst Times. MUDGEE AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.-A meeting was held on the afternoon of the .21st, in the town hall, for completing the arrangements for the forth- coming exhibition. There was a large number of the Council present. Mr. G. H. Cox, president, took the chair. The minutes of the last meeting having been confirmed, one or two important alterations were made in the regulations. There were likewise some changes made in the committee. Mr. Deacon was appointed to act under the committee of management, to receive the produce, and enter in a book the names of the exhibitors, to superintend generally the shed, and see that all things were in proper order, Mr, Morley informed the meeting that he had, with the assistance of Messrs. A.B. Cox and Healy, selected a piece of land in Mr. Readford's paddock for the ploughing match, and that everything was ready for the reception of stock, Sec.- Western Post and Mudgee Newspaper, ACCIDENT TKOM FIREARMS.-An accident happened in the Market Green on the evening of the Queen'B birthday from the incautious use of firearms. It ap- pears tliat a man named George Bearch had a gun upon the ground, which he kept discharging in the proximity of a bonfire that had been kindled, and shot one individual in the face with the wadding. Mr. Richardson, of the Digger's Home, arrived in a few minutes afterwards, when Bearch said he would like to have a shot at him. Mr. R. replied that it was hardly worth while, or words to that effect, but in a few minutes afterwards the man again came up and said he would shoot Mr. Richardson, at ten yards' dis- tance, and stepped backwards for the purpose of level- ling the gun, Mr. R. took the gun from the man while he was stepping backwards, but subsequently gave it back again, cautioning the man and telling him not to attempt such a thing again. In a few minutes after- wards, Bearch said he would shoot Mr. Richardson, observing that if he had had him anywhere else it would have been a different ease with him. Bearch then jumped back, and was in the act of levelling the gun, when Mr. Richardson seized it by the muz/le, . and giving it a sudden wrench, Bearch sticking to bis hold, till the parties got close to the bonfire, got it away and it ilew in the fire, the hammer striking against a log and causing it to explode. The wadding, wliich appeared to be made of rounded leather, struck Mr. Richardeon on the shin, and afterwards hit Mr. Wcaland, who stood just behind him, in the fleshy part of the leg. Bearch was taken into custody.-Braid' tocod Oherver. WAHGUNYAH.-On all the leads where any supply of water was saved, the miners have been miking the most of it throughout the week. Fears were enter- tained that, in a great many cases, dirt which had prospected well would not turn out so well when it came to bo washed in quantity ; but as yet, so far as we have been able to ascertain, these fears have not been sustained. We hear of no very rich yields, but, on the other hand, we hear of none very poor, and the quantity of gold which has been sold during the week is sufficient evidence that there is very little ground in the district which will not return good average wages. It is much to be regretted that the question of water supply does not more thoroughly engage the attention of the miners. It is evident that, with increased facilities for washing the dirt, this gold-field would soon assume a very different position to that which it has hitheito held. Tue lower part of the All England Lead has been taken up again and registered. The Union makes very little progress, but the prospectors continue to get dirt which satisfies them, and the other parties are sanguine of striking the lead this next week. Of the Mona we hear nothing, nor of the Glamorganshire. On the Clare and Perseverance dirt is being raised from ground which was abandoned, which will pay fair wages. On the Lanarkshire and Robert Bums the few claims which are being worked are repotted to be doing extremely well, and the same may be said of the Wangunyah lead. If we may judge from the conduct of some of the party in No. 2 on the Hiber- nian we should sav that their washing-up had been eminently satisfactory, as indeed we believe it has been. On the Clydesdale, Nos. 4 and 5 continue to yield as well as ever.-Murray Gazette. CHINESE ENCAMPMENT. - About fifty celestials encamped on the Cricket Ground yesterday, as a halting place on the road to Abercombie. As we passed them in the afternoon they had stretched their awnings over the tent timbers, dividing it into about half-a-dozen compartments, and from the number of fowls which were laid in, wc should presume that they intended to Ihold a festival in the evening. Bi aidwood Obstrvor. GOULBURN GAOL.-Mr. Uhr, the sheriff, has been in this town, and has inspected the gaol, of which Mr. Fallon, who has for some time past acted in the capacity of head turnkey, has been appointed acting governor. BERRIMA.-A meeting of the inhabitants of the dis- trict of Berrima was held at Green's Hotel, on Mon- day, the 27th, for the purpose of urging on the Go- vernment the necessity of doing something in the nature of repairs to the Great Southern Road. Mr. John Morrice, M.L.A., was voted to the chair, and stated that the present was only a preliminary meeting for the purpose of passing resolutions to be brought for- ward at a general meeting to be called on some future day. -Mr. H; M. Oxley, J.P., stated that he thought resolutions should be nassed at once. Mr. Andrew Badgery, J.P., also thought something should be done at once. He heard Mr. Walsh state at a meeting in Goulburn the other day, that the roads were better now than they had been for some years. He diffère I very much from that gentleman. He thought they should work together, throwing politics aside, and suggested a public meeting should be called at the court-house that day fortnight, to decide upon the best means of having communication on the Great Southern Road. The Rev. Mr. Hassall also spoke in the same terms, and it was agreed to call a meeting on the 10th proximo.-Goulburn Chronicle. A CHINESE THIEF.-On Saturday last, several Chinamen who were travelling through Yass called at the'store of Mr. H. Turner, and purchased a few trifling articles ; they had scarcely gone, however, when Mr. Turner discovered that a blue flinnei guernsey had been stolen, and followed the China- men. He came up with them about a quarter of a mile from his store, and on opening out their swags could see no traces of the stolen property. Mr. Turner began to think that he had wrongfully sus- pected John, but on taking a lost look at the Mongo- lians, he noticed one of the party who appeared to be hunchbacked. This struck him as rather singular, for whatever deformities Celestials possess, he did not remember having previously seen one with a hunch- back. Ile therefore accosted this particular indivi- dual, and on examination, found that the protu- berance between the shoulders was caused by the missing guernsey being there concealed.- Yass Courier, YASS QUARTER SESSIONS.—This Court was opened by Mr. District Court Judge Callaghan on the morning of the 23rd instant. The calendar, which was some- what heavy, occupied its attention till seven o'clock ou the evening of the 25th. The bulk of the prisoners were from Lambing Flat. John Delaney was charged with stealing on the 15th of April last, at Mur- rumburrah, a watch from the dwelling-house of John English, at Murrumburrah. The watch was found on the prisoner, and was identified by Mr. English; but the prisoner said that he had got it from a third party, and the case having been badly got up, the Crown was unable to negative this statement, and the prisoner was acquitted and discharge.—George Payne was indiotnd for stealing a liomo, tho proporty of Peter M'Grath. He was found guilty, and sen- tenced to three years' hard labour in Goulburn gaol. -George White pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a wa'toh, a rifle, and a pair of pistois, from the dwelling of Mr. H. A. Colley, and was sentenced to twelve months' hard labour in Goulburn gaol. Richard Phillips was acquitted of a charge of stealing a horse, the property of George Walker.-Michael Conolly, charged with stealing a horse, the property of William Mackay, was found guilty, and sentenced to six months' hard labour in Goulburn gaol. Michael Macnamara, charged with stealing £7 and a cheque for £4 4s., from the person of William Hay, was acquitted.-William Sands, charged wi'h steal- ing from the person, was .discharged on his own recognisance.-The Crown Prosecutor brought under notice of the court that there were eleven pristner/3 confined in the gaol on various charges, but that h,3 had not as yet received any depositions in the cage 3. Mr. Allman stated that he was retained to defaad several of these prisoners ; and he understood that Mr. Devereux was also retained by some of tlum. The chairman was astonished to hear such a state- ment ; he had been in hopes of getting through the business without difficulty, supposing that only five cases remained.-On Friday (the Queen's birth-day), the court sat as usual, owing to the heavy state of the calendar and to suit the convenience of the jurors. - Samuel Dinner, charged with stealing a watch, the property of Mr. H. A. Scurr, was discharged on his own recognisance.-John Conley was convicted of stealing a watch, the property of Benjamin Ford, and sentenced to twelve months hard labour in Goulburn gaol.-Patrick Clancy was charged with stealing a horse, the property of John Grogan. Prisoner was found guilty, and sentenced to twelve months' hard labour in Goulburn gaol, the first and last week in solitary confinement.-John Johnstone and Thomas Mackenzie were indicted for stealing £22 from the person of Joseph Davill. Both were convicted, and sentenced to twelve months' hard labour in Goulburn gaol.-Margaret Brown, Elizabeth Brown (mother and daughter), and Clara Davis were indicted for stealing £15, the property of Patrick King, of Lambing Flat. 'Mr. Allman appeared for Davis, and at the request of his Honor, Mr. Walsh undertook the defence of Margaret Brown, and Mr. Devereux that of _ Elizabeth Brown. The only witness who gave evidence was detective Lyons ; and on cross- exami- nation by Mr. Walsh and Mr. Allman he retracted all that He had said in his evidence in chief. The proceedings before the committing magistrates appeared to be highly irregular, as Davis had been at first a witness for the Crown, and six weeks after- wards was committed for trial, the evidence of Elizabeth Brown, herself already under committal, being received against her. The Crown Prosecutor seemed to be as_ much astonished as anybody else as these singular 'proceedings were revealed ; and on dismissing the witness (Lyons), the Chairman told him that he had grossly misconducted himself while giving his evidence, that he did not believe a word of what he had said, and that the manner in which he had given his testimony was discreditable to him- self, and calculated to bring disgrace on the force of which he is a member. The Crown Prosecutor then applied for the discharge of Clara Davis, with a view to put her in the witness-box. By direction of the Court the prisoner was discharged ; and on the application that she should be examined, the Chair- man stated that after what had transpired, he did not I feel justified in calling upon her to give evidence. The Crown Prosecutor then stated that he did not intend to offer any further evidence ; upon which the jury, by direction of the Court, found a verdict of not guilty as against Margaret and Elizabeth Brown, and they were discharged.-On Saturday, Charles O'Brien was indicted for feloniously and maliciously stabbing Patrick M'Geady, with intent to do him grievous bodily hann, and was sentenced to six months' im- prisonment, with hard labour, in Goulburn gaol. Patrick Keys, charged with breaking into the dwelling-house of Patrick O'Donnell, on the 17th of May, and stealing £20 12s. Gd., 1 o/.. 13 dwts. 22 grs. gold dust, one pair trousers, a watch-key and chain, was sentenced to three yeais' imprisonment, with hard labour, in Goulburn gaol.-John Ryan, charged with stealing a ilutina, at Lambing Flat, on the 5th of April, the property of Henry Greig, was sentenced to four months' imprisonment in Goulburn gaol, with hard labour, the first and last week in solitary con- finement.-Four cases were postponed, on account of the Crown Prosecutor not having received any deposi- tions. The Court then adjourned sine die. BATHURST TRANSIT ASSOCIATION.-On Monday afternoon a meeting of the members of the committee of the above association was held, " for the purpose of adopting measures for co-operating with the citi- zens of Sydney in the attainment of improved transit between Sydney and Bathurst." Mr. Home, as secretary of the association, said he had called the meeting for the purpose of discussing the great ques- tion oí transit. It had already been proposed that, owing to the difficulty of establishing railroads through the country, tramroads should be substi- tuted ; and as the inhabitants of the Southern districts were already moving in the matter, he thought the Western districts should not be behind them, and if it were not possible to obtain a railroad, then we ought to make an effort to get the next best mode of transit that offered itself. Mr. Hawkins, the president of the Association, took the chair, and, after referring to the numerous meet- ings which had been held in Bathurst in connection with this subject; expressed his regret that they had been so often called together without any satisfactory results. He was of opinion that they ought still to persevere, as by a continual knocking they might ultimately obtain what they desired. He thought they ought to be fully prepared to discuss the import- ant questions of rail and tramroads, and it was highly desirable that those who were acquainted with statis- tics in reference to these matters should afford infor- mation to the members of the Association. Mr. W. II. Suttor said he thought it would be advisable to adjourn the meeting to another day, as they were not then prepared to discuss the question fully. Mr. W. Farrand concurred in this suggestion. The meeting should be considered a preliminary one, and another meeting called for further discussion. He had paid much attention to the question of railways and was a thorough railway man ; but the difficulties of carrying out radroads in this colony appeared to be so gieat that the Government had not been able to overcome them, and it was now a question whether we ought not to endeavour to obftin a tramroad. Still he would maintain the position he had long since taken, that if the Government constructed railroads to the other districts, the Western ought not to be excepted. Mr. Suttor said when in Sydney he had made it his business to inspect all the tramways in or near that city, and after describing one constructed by Sir Daniel Cooper at Point Piper, over which more weight had passed during the last eight months than had passed over the Bathurst roads in five years, without in any way injuring the road, he was of opinion that if a road so substantial could be made 400 yards in length, it might be exteaded to 400 miles. A committee was ultimately appointed to make arrangements for a public meeting, of which due notice will be given.-Abridged from the Fret Press of Wednesday. Hop BEER AND ITS PRICE,-In the month of October last, Thom as D'Chong, the keeper of a board- ing house in Deniliquin, was charged by the police with the heinous offence of selling two bottles of hop beer without being provided with a license. In lus defence defendant alleged that at the time he began busihess he enquired of the then clerk of the Court whether a license was necessary, and was informed that' such was not required. From subsequent enquiries, however, it appeared that there had been some misunderstanding, probably owing to the applicant being a foreigner, of the request made to Mr. Lindsey, who said he understood the license spoken of to have reference to keeping the boarding house, and not to selling the beer. Be this as it may, D'Chong was fined £30 ; his lawyer, Mr. James, objecting to the uncorroborated evidence of the police being received, the matter was remitted for the consideration of the Attorney-General. A memorial was likewise transmitted, being numerously and respectably signed, praying that the punishment at least might assume a more equitable relation to the offence- if offence it were. On Monday last- after an interval of six months-patience is a necessary virtue in these parts- the police magistrate stated that he was in receipt ot an answer from the authorities-such answer confirming his previous decision,-mulcting D'Chong in £30. The unfortunate Celestial was present, and certainly took his lesson in English equity with considerable good humour, and by the exhibition of a deposit receipt for a good sum iii the bank, showed that he was well prepared for the unfortunate exigency. A correspondent, whose letter we publish in another column, informs us that this little affair of the Chinamen has cost the latter the sum of £48 2s.-a fact which will, doubtless enable him in future to appreciate the patronage of constables when "doing their beer."-Pastoral Ttmes. TUE CENSUS TOR THE POLICE DISTRICT OF YASS. The lollowing is the return of the census for the police district of Yass, as collected on the 7th ultimo :- ' Town of Yass ... ... ... ," 1115 Village of Gunning . . ... ... .1" 191 Southern portion of county of King.... < ... 2347 Northern Dortion of county nf Murray . ..... -COI. ' Portion of Munumbidgeo Pastoral District 83 Ditto of the Lachlan Pastoral District ... 7Q Total ... , ... 4418 According to the census taken in 1856, the population of the police district of Yass was 4099, so that it will be seen that the increase in the five years only amounts to 349 souls. This is to be accounted for from the fact of a large number having temporarily left the dis- trict for the Lambing Flat Gold- fields. In the town of Yess tile increase is more gratifying, the numbers for 1856 being 608 against 1145 in the present year, thus showing an increase of 485. The population of Gunning in 1856 was 125, against 191 in the present year, the increase being only 56.- Courier. CARCOAR.-The correspondent of the Bathurst Free Press wiites .-We have had real winterly weather for some weeks past ; although there has not been much lain our farmers are all busy ploughing, and the ground is in good working order. Several hundreds of the Chinese left thiB place for Native Dog Creek, but during this week a great many of them have re- turned again, being better satisfied with the Belubula than with the "Dingo" Diggings. The following is a return of the numbers of inhabitants of this district, as kindly furnished by our district registrar : TownofCorcoar... ... ." 374 inhabitants Town of Cowra ... ... ... 133 " COUSTUY DlSTBIOT. County of Bathurst ... .:. 2779 " County of Georgiana ... ... 1S11 " 4350 By this return it appears that the Carcoar district con toins nearly two thousand more inhabitants than the district of Orange.-A few days ago two Chinamen w ere stopped upon the highway and robbed of their money and some pigs, which they were driving. CRICKET MATCH - QUEANBEYAN v. GOULBURN. - The return match between Queanbeyan and Goulburn was commenced in the former township on Friday last, and concluded on the following day. It was a pretty close contest, resulting in the victory of the Goulburn players by two runs, with one wicket to go down. The weather was very cold through- out. Towards the conclusion, when it appeared doubtful which side would be victorious, the excite- ment was very great. The number of the Goulburn players not being complete, Jemmy, an aboriginal, was taken to make up the eleven, - Correspondent of Goulburn Herald. CAPTURE OF A RUNAWAY.—The Cassilis correspon- dent of the Western Post says:—Iene, the Chinaman who robbed Mr. Piper's store last month, was taken two days after at Black Creek, in the act of attempt- ing to pass one of the stolen cheques. He was for- warded here by the Maitland Bench, and committed on Wednesday last to take his trial for the offence. He effected his escape at Wybong from one of the Merriwa constables, but was shortly after taken at Hall's Creek. He is now on his way to Muswell- brook, in safe custody of constable Knight, of Cas- silis, a most meritorious and trustworthy officer, who will sooner part with his head than part with the notorious scoundrel he has in charge. GOLD NEWS.-We take the following items from the Wynyard Times of 28th instant : -A mass of amalgamated gold, weighing some 290 oz3. 16 dwts., was last week turned out of a retort attached to the Reefer Machine, Adelong. This gold was the pro- duce of quartz reduced at that mill, and extracted from the claim of Messrs. Jamison (late Jenkins'), on the Old or_ Main Reef. It is worthy of notice that the quartz in question was secured after having pene- trated through the strata of white unproductive silica, that a Mr. Dalton once prophesied would terminate the necessity of a further research. On the Adjenbilly Creek, an eighth share in the German's claim was last week sold for £11. THE DIGGINGS AT GUNDAGAI.-The correspondent of the Wynyard Times, writing to that journal, says : The prognostications so often made that a gold-field would eventually be discovered in the vicinity of Gundagai appear to be on the eve of being verified. Since my last communication, our township has been thrown into a most unusual state of excitement by the fact that a payable gold-field had been found near the cemetery, on Mr. Quilter's purchased land. A rush has taken place, and a good number of claims are marked off, and sinking is going on very ener- getically. Two holes have been bottomed with very flattering prospects of coarse gold. The prospector, an Italian, and a very intelligent man, has been woiking quietly and peiseveringly on the spot for several weeks past, and seemed tully impressed that he would succeed in discovering n gold-field. I have not yet gleaned any satisfactory or reliable particulars, but I shall be able to give you in my next such infor- mation as may lead your readers to form an opinion. The Commissioner, Dr. Lynch, was to visit the scene of operations to-day, and to issue miners' rights. A number of Chinese have been working for dome time on Jones' Creek, but with what success I am unable to state, as John is the last person in the world to obtain any accurate information from. The steadiness with which they have continued to work in one spot, and the number of pigs led away captive from tho town to their camp, would indicate that they ate satisfied with the locality.-At a later date, the same, correspondent writes ¡-Our new diggings have been proceeding with vigour, but sufficient time ha« not elapsed to allow the claimholders to bottom their Bhafts, and enable us to pudge of the real value of tho new discovery. In addition to Mr. Billardi's pros- pecting holes, there are three others bottomed. One proved a " duffer," but the prospects of the other two arc very fair. From one a nugget weighing 1 oz. 13 dwts. WBB taken on Wednesday. I was shown a prospect of about 6 dwts. of very coarse gold from one diBhful of stuff, taken at random from the prospector's claim. The peculiar nature of the gold found, and the very likely appearance of the ground, all tend to make us predict a favourable issue, but at preäent we have not sufficient data to state positively that the ground is sufficiently rich to give employment to any great number of people. Another week will show satisfac- torily what may be expected. In the meantime, I would advise anyone who may be at all carried away by the news of our rich gold-field to wait till more satisfactory information can be obtained. STicitiNO-ur.-Three men, returning from Lambing Flat to Gundagai, were stuck- up and robbed, near Hanley's, on Sunday night. The robbers, three in number, were on horseback, and well armed. They bound their victims and took away all their money, - amounting to £11. 