A PREMIER'S PROGRESS. The following communication has been dropped in our box, we assume in mistake for that of a contemporary in Elizabeth-street, enjoying the Ministerial confidence:— [FROM YOUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Sandhurst, October 5,1861. Our Popular" Premier has been doing it up here, and no mistake. He was u a little too much badgered by those shrewd fellows, the Castlemaniacs, anent the peccadilloes of the mining colleague, the " Inspecting" Warden, and other grievances, to be altogether at his ease there. In addition, we made the terrible mistake of not asking him to deliver a teetotal lecture, and people thought it somewhat of an impertinence that he should come there as a sort of travelling courier to the Governor, to bespeak the accommodation and dictate the cheering. The artful dodge would not go down with the simple-minded constituents of Macadam, Pyke and Chapman. People in the " inland capital" only want to inspect, nobblerize and dine with the Governor, shew him what a wonderftd place Castlemaine has grown since 1857, and air their novel accoutrements, and the width of their conjugal crinolines, under the critical inspection of " Her Excellency." As for Heales and Co., and their occupation licenses, they care no more than they do about the New Zealand rush or Mr. Thompson's Cheltenham experiences. So off in a huff went Heales to Sandhurst, where he arrived at a time when the Bendigonians were indulging in such utter depravity of good humor, that if Bomba late of Naples, or the ghost of the Czar Nicholas, of amiable memory had sought their hospitality, he would have been received with faux de joie, and oceans of champagne. Heales accordingly made the most of his time, notwithstanding the depressing influence of the nasty petitions presented against the faithful Casey, which will necessitate the withdrawal of that ingenuous politician into private life. On Thursday, our political chieftain did the review, and shewed even more courage than our American couzins at Manassas—for at one time the " ramrod" practice was terrible, and the charge of the Kyneton bucolic cavalry more destructive of the equilibrium of the spectators than the onslaught of the Ethio- pian knights of Virginia. From thence our hero tore off to the banquet, delivered himself of a speech modelled after the excellent sentiments of the worn-out ditty of Jeannette and Jeonnot, and grimly smiled when he found himself the butt of the cart-loads of bread crumbs and orange peel, which it is considered on Bendigo the height of fashion and fun to pelt at your guests and at each other. The ubiquitous Casey was, however, at his side to preserve him from harm, and to prevent the insidious waiters from offering him rognons au vin de Madere, or allowing him to dig too deeply into the depths of the " spiritual trifles." Thence he escaped to his labor of love—a teetotal lecture. Here you may be sure Richard was himself again. It is a scene exactly fitted for the mild mediocrity of the man, and amongst the small boys, and the attendant petticoats of the League, he shines out with a fifty-pump force. Certainly the chairman, Strickland, threw rather a damper on their energies by expressing an opinion—after the fashion of an English Premier, who recommended a Scottish Burgh to attend to cleanliness, before giving way to fasting and prayer—that the spread of education was likely to do quite as much good to society as the doctrines enunciated by Mr. Heales. Friday, however, was the great day for Heales and Casey. They had the Town Hall to themselves, and craftily laid their plans for connecting the Governor's visit with the occupatiun licenses and with the supposed popularity of Heales and Co. on the gold-fields. The addresses of the puddlers, and other believers in Casey, were doctorcd into proper shape. The fine Roman hand of Mr. Brooke is no doubt busily employed in concocting the replies which the obsequious tourist will deliver with the graceful pathos of an accomplished post-prandial orator. Perhaps, however, Bendigo may kick at being treated in thi6 slip slop style, and venture to express an independent opinion as well as Castlemaine. Having settled the addresses, the Premier sat in the Town Hall to hear what Pall Mall had to complain of; but with the exception of a deputation or two, evidently got up and harnessed by Casey, the whole affair was a palpable failure, and the business transacted such as any lad of eighteen, having a year's experience in a merchant's or lawyer's counting-house, would knock off in half-anhour. Our chief does the amiable teetotaller at Maldon on his. way back, and on Wednesday evening we shall hear from his lips what progress the Treasurer is making with his budget, and how he likes the look of the balance- sheet, at the great Brunswick feed. 