HAMILTON. f From our own Correspondent. I Hamilton, July 2. Living in the very midst of an agricultural dis trict, I feel great pleasure in informing you that the state of the weather since beginning of the winter lias nleased every one, with the exception. weather, sunshine and rain alternately, contribute to envelope the country in verdure, and make the crops spring up fast and strong. Even that mys terious being, the walking-ghost of country cor respondents, 'our oldest inhabitant,' appears to be satisfied, and does not remember having seen a finer season. Our cockatoo farmers, too, are merry on account of the beautiful season, and take a high flight on fancy's wings. But an acute observer might find a few natural tears stealing down their smding cheeks on account of the low wheat price. Our main road is still in a miserable condition, thanks to the Central Road Board. There seems to be no chance for the better until the weather gets warm, when the sun will dry up the swamps, and convert the quagmire into solid ground. , The Wallaroo fever is still raging in our neigh bourhood, particularly in Kapunda. This curious disease has some very puzzling symptoms about it; for instance, it deprives many people of the power of sound and correct reasoning, makes many throw up a comfortable employment to hunt a shadow at Wallaroo— soon to return sadly disappointed. The examination of our Hamilton School name off a few days ago in a manner reflecting great credit both on the instructor and the children. The attendance of children was very fair, in spite of the evil habit of some parents who keep their children away from school at certain times every year. The intellectual progress made by the chil dren was not to be mistaken ; ic mental arithmetic and geography particularly, it was pleasant to be hold the readiness and quickness of answers. I trust sincerely that the inhabitants of Hamilton and its neighbourhood will support our school properly since it has got a fair start, and never forget what a heavy and often thankless task a schoolmaster has before him when exerting hJT'^f to transform a lot of stubborn children into reasonable andwell behaved beings. 