THE SIAMESE AMBASSADORS IN PARIS. The Paris correspondent of the ' Sydney: Morning Herald' says : — The arrival of the Siamese ambassadors,1 with their monkey faces, dirty magnificence and indescribably filthy and barbarous habits,1 has created a great deal of amusement and dis- gust in the French mind, All the oddities and! horrors of their life and manners their incredi-: ble ignorance of civilised decencies, their pas sionate violence with their own servants, and with their French attendants and the police are filling the city with all manner of tales. They drove out yesterday to the Bois de Bou logne, in open carriages, in their dirty finery, and with their feet drawn up on the seats, and their arms clasping their knees. Tho first Ambassador, furious at seeing the coachman on a seat higher than himself, and with his back turned to him, insisted frantically on that functionary coming down. When the inter, preter, the Abbe Lavradie, a missionary who has long been in Siam, and is attached to their suite, explained that the man must needs re main where he was, the offended dignitary in sisted on mounting beside him, and actually showed his coppery gorilla visage, and dirty embroideries te the asteuuded eyes of the Pa ritian lean monde, perched up on the dickey of the Ambassadorial chariot, with his arms round his knees, and in imminent danger, apparently, of being jerked off every instant into the road. Their habits are so shockingly uncleanly, their horror of European furniture, food, and usa ges so great, that the splendour of the estab lishment prepared for by them by the Emperor is simply thrown away. On their arrival here they were so angry at hot food being set be fore them that they flung the dishes about the dining room ; voted the triumphs of Pi ench cookery detestable, and would eat nothing but raw herbs and vegetables. They have a won derful way of blowing their noses with their fingers, and use this talent as a weapon against all who offend them ; the three highest ambas sadors sleep in hammocks, alt the rest of the party lying pell mell en the floor, and all in the same room ; can't sit on chairs, wonlt wash, and think the Parisians frightful, especially on account of their hideous white teeth." The Emperor had given orders to bring them over to Fontainbleau, but hearing what a set of un mitigated brutes they were, he countermanded the order, and deferred the interview for a week or two, during which the abbe is to teach them, if possible, the use of baths, combs, shirts and above all, of pocket handkerchiefs. If he succeed in this difficult task, the human apes are to be conveyed to the Imperial pre sence, aod will be made as much of as may be practicable with people of so low a place in the category of humanity. The Parisians can re press neither their curiosity nor their disgust on the score of these singular people ; but are beginning to be be alarmed at the vehemence of their own criticisms, and to prophecy that taeee ""'perfidious English will rcpeat"thcir un flattering remarks about his envoys to the Em peror of Siam, who is popularly believed to speak English perfectly, and thus excite, his Imperial anger against France. To such pue rilities do the clever and lively grown up children of this country descend in their restless and suspicious dislike of us. The Rind in Disgrace. — The London Bell's Life is . very cross with the leading members of the English ring; It laments the absence of that order and fair play, without which pugilism will inevitably sink to the gronnd, and proceeds: — " So often have we lately had to comment upon the race generally and their doingB, that it would be going over too well-trodden ground again to take up our pen against the offenders. The day will certainly come, aod that at no distant date, on which we shall finally take leave of pugilism as a feature in our journal, unless there is speedily some great and lasting improvement in the conduct of its representatives ; but as doubtless these gentry console themselves with the .aphorism that threatened men live the longest, we will only in conclusion say let them look to it at once, for the blow, which we need scarcely say will be fatal, will fall when least expected." Refugees from the Northern States.— The American war is frightening an immense quantity of people from the States into Canada, The French Canadians who were settled in the manufacturing State ef New England are still coming back, literally by the thousand ; native Americans are pouring into Kingston, Toronto, Hamilton, and London (Canada We;fc), occu pying vacant houses, and, with their accustomed energy, starting some manufacture or other kind of business just by way of occupation. In order to keep as many of them here as possible, several of the city corporations are giving them exemptions from taxation on any new branch of manufacture they start, and the Government has resumed the practice of giving free grants of land to such as will do the settlement duties upon 'them, which consist of building some kind of a house and clearing at least ten acres within five years. — Canadian News. Want of Toleration in Scotland — 1 challenge any one to contradict my assertion, when I saw that at this moment, nearly all over Scotland, the finger of scorn is pointed at every man, who, in the exereiae of his sacred and inalienable right of free judgment, refuses to acquiesce in those religious notions, and to practise those religious customs, which time, indeed, has consecrated, but many of which are repulsive to the eye of reason, though to all of them, however irrational they may be, the people adhere with sullen and inflexible obstinacy. Knowing that these words will be widely read and circulated in Scotland, and averse as I naturally am to bring on myself the hostility of a nation, for whose many ster ling and valuable qualities I entertain sincere respect, I do, nevertheless, deliberately affirm, that in no civilised country is toleration so little understood, nnd in none is the spirit of bigotry and of persecution so extonsively diffused. — Buckle's Civilisation in England. Tub Ghobt 'Sold.'—1 The Rev. Dr Wolff tells a story of a certain M. Prciswcg, of Geneva, a good nud excellent Christlnn, to whom a ghost appeared as ho was going to bed, and said, ' I am tho ghost ot a person who was hanged hear six years ago.' ' That Is no busi ness of mine,' replied Prelsweg, ' so I wish you a very good night.' 