T^Z ':;V ;''AN:iTALIAN;STGRY.-; .-/?. \:': '/. ' '(From Lavinia. By ; the aittJior of ' Lorenzo '''' ' _* ^'J ' Benohi,' and 'Doctor Antonip.' ) ?-???'?'? ' '?:?(?? in-the .-spring of ,1837 there broke but at Viterbo .? i.one oi\thps.e attempts at. ..insurrection, the periodi ;if,;!bal occurrence of -yhicli,iU- cpnc,octed and, unsuc- .?'.,cessfui as they naay.be, is not less a proof of suffer* !i;ing; next, to unbeatable in the social Dbd- &6m .','i /which they spring ; because it is not to be believed' ;i.;ihat'inen of flesh and blood, if only tolerably at \- ?eas0,;:vrill tush into the . street and cry, down the' j; powers that be, tor the mere pleasure df receiving1 a musket baU or a sahre cut, 6t, eyeri worse !still, r.Cof feeing s,ent to rot in a prison.' This movement at ' VrViterbo, insignificant as it was, proved the founda ' ' tipri- sWrie of Monsighor Antbnelli's fortune, ins.o 1 ''? much 'as it '? afforded the young and ambitious ?prelateV' then delegate in that town, a golden dp } ';pbriuriity ?'?.of displaying for the first time, and ' iattracting notice byi those talents for repression /iaid compression' which haye made him since so ^conspicuous '''a( personage; As ill-luck would have 1 iti, OraziQ happened to be at Viterbo on business '^at^the'moinentof the outbreak. ; He left as soorias *lie€c6'uid^Athegates had been kept shut for twenty ? feiir VinVirR— ^andhastened to Cascatelle. ' The news \- 'of the; rising at Yiterbb, magnified by distance ?^-L 'uncertainty^ had preceded him, arid he ?Yifound the peaceful village in a- state of ? fer 1 '**' metitation. The young men of the place— for the 5 ntost part Vthe hands employed at. the paper-mill— ?-''Wfer'e' already 'arming themselves,- as best they ?«6iild,* with the intention of proceeding td ?Viter- -!t)br Orazib arrived iii 'time to check their ardor. '?He had /to harangue them- in the market-place, } and riot -without difficulty did' he .succeed in -u ''fcfmging them to their sober serises,.arid restoring 'iranquility.j Within' the same week, a party '.-.of ^gendarmes rode up to the paper-mill, handcuffed -^prazip;' and conveyed him to the prison of Monte ^'fiascone; '; Biahcaj without '-' hesitation,- 'followed f auaice of ?wrhicli the prisoner was transferred to ?:tHe'pastlie of Saint Angelo, at Borne. Bianca re 'turried to Cascatelle, to arrange the '-aflairs of the cimili;:she 'omitted no precaution ; left the minu t6st mstructibttsand dh*ectidii8 with the foreman, f mid then 'started for Rome; taking with her little 'Paolo.' Orazio was now a State prisoner, accused ?of, having harangued the populace in a' public; ';piMe, with intent to excite the inhabitants of Gas fijatelle tb open rebellion. A trial of a new kind * was : in store for Bianca at Rome. The poor lady rwas' expecting.' an' addition to her family ; the fatigue of the hurried1 journey, aiid anxiety of ;ir.ind, broaght oil -''a disappointing illness. The 'first fortnight.of her stay in Rome she had to spendinbed— fifteen days, fifteen ages at that 'Tmbinent. -A letter-to Bishop Rodipani, a letter ?'?' ' 'written'in the midst1 of agony of body and inind, -*'-ropiBiiriifl no answer. -As soon as she could p.ra-wi. ? 'and ia defiance of the strict orders of her doctor, 'again! arid again did she seek admission to the bishop's presence ; '.she knew no one else iri'the ';-? -;yast' city,; iriorisigndr' was .not at home ; monsig ; ;nbr 'was engaged ; could not see her ; would not * see her. She was not to be rebuffed ?; it was for flier iiusband'e i sake. For many, successive days, ?n f passers-by noticed ,-a lady, as 'white 'as death, 'standing by the5 gate, or sitting for. hours on the ;dbpr-steps:of the Rodipani palace;' One day, at r last, she caught sight of his reverence as he was 'stepping into his carriage, an& addressed him. *-He\ did riot so much as turrihis head her -way, but '^btdered the coachman to go on. Bianca sprung tq the'Jieaa or tne uorses, ana stooa mere mouon lessV looking Mm. steadfastly in the face all the whale ; there was no defiance in her look, Only an unconquerable determination. Monsignor, not 1 'moved, but awed by those two large eyes riveted :on him— living 'eyes terrible to behold .in' that ' death- like counteriance — monsignor 'condescended to ? listen1 to her — conde scended to reply that, supposing he had 'lieen inclined, which he was riot, he had no power 'inthis matter concermng her husband; ? The car triage 'then proceeded on its way. ? Bianca fell on ?the pavement like. one dead; no wonder, in her ^r©ak state. A compassionate .tradesman close by ''iif^Qdher up, and carried her into his shop. He 'land jfeis family were very kind to her, asking ho w : ;j£hey could assist her: but when they heard her story, -they shook their heads, and said, 'Poor 'wWmari! had your husband committed murder,, 'tfiere wQtrtd be hope for him still ; but a political ^offender ! — — - ' Thoir looks clearly intimated thaiher ease was' hopeless. Yet she must act, : I'juust exert herself as though it were not hopeless. ? All her efforts to obtain the favor of an audience with his Holiness were baffled. Even, Bianca' s determination failed to carry her through the triple entrenchment, drawn by high and low func .' tJwraiairies,' to '.guard the throne from intrusion.' '?'Wfee oata!faoaed— in vain. Letters and petitions ^' ?'^vtt o€ l&eir; mark. ? She did force herway fell' si ? '' the ca?din»l.s, and other influential ? 'to' : some ? '6i ??'???? f iobuked hy some, unheeded by ?personages; was- *. -: ^^ew. .Meanwhile, ..her most, pitied only by W -- .Her prematnre bodily strength was fast failing. ^'equenceB, goingout had entailed upon her fatal cu.. ''ilk. oneiof which. was, that she : could scarcely ,-.. . ^Trouble, followed on the heels of trouble. Bad news came from the paper-mill; remit- : tances 'were rare : and -scarce, poverty en compassed her. Still, the , heroic spirit . within ? upheld the fail and perishing body ; so long as 'husband, and son needed her, she could not, would not, yield. What was to become of them, ?if. she too deserted them ? So much constancy :arid self- sacrifice deserved a reward, and they found it. Bianca had been dragging her misery from door to door for eighteen months, when God, in His mercy, raised her up aproUctor and friend, ' in a priest according to the.spirit of the Gospel ? poor, humble, 'without interest, without con nexions,- rich only in good will and charity. He met her by chance in one of the ante-chambers of the powerful, where poor Bianca passed almost — the. whole of her time. He courted her confi dence, listened to her tale, arid comforted her by Veepirig with her. The holy man wrote down an 'abstractof her sad case, and handed it, accompa nied by a strong recommendation from himself, to his single friend in high places, a prelate and one of the judges of the Sacra Consulta. The tri bunal of the Sacra Consulta has, among its many attributions, that of the direction of the prisons. The judge, thus appealed to, instituted an inquiry into this prisoner's case, and the name of Orazio ''Maiichu rang through the offices of this court. This species of notoriety was his salvation. Poor Orazio had been forgotten ! Once re CftHeil to mind, he, -waa traced from prison to prison, and at last found. The charges against him ware serious enough, but none proved ; his name had' not even once -appeared' in any of the depositions or examinations of the accused of yiterbo. , A ,tew months .more, and .Oranio- was set free-^unacquitted, but released on th6 ground ofrwarit of prbofs! 'A sadder jay was never seen; 'the meeting of husband and. Avife, was lilce the meeting, of two ghosts ; . they read,, in . each otherjs^lboks that they niet for a moment brily,, to separajte for. ever here. below. Bianca.felt an, irre- sistible i.r craving for, rest ;. she faded faster and fas'ter; every day,' uritilher noble, soul departed .in peace.,-i:Her last words ,tp Orazio were tb ask for- , give,ness for deserting him, but it was the, will of God.-^ She bid him live for their JPablo'l . Surely grief/ does \not kill, or. Qrazio' would not have survived her.v; Such .is. the misery; of^the flesh, thai^heartrbroken as he was, he lived-7-lived long eppughvto see his son one. of the most promising pupils 9f the Acadeiny of San Luca, win the Cle mentine, prize, and be crowned at the. Capitol, and ,a&q;,tp;8ee his little patrimony at Cascatelle pass inib'the hands of strangers. . Such was the result ofr'hiB'.e|ght years' struggle to retrieve nis' fallen for,tunes. , ? He died in 1847, one .more of the. thou sand unknown victims of that great incubus — des^ potism ;' leaving Paolo, a lad of seventeen, alone and altbut penniless. ; r ..-'..'. ..' 