THE NEW EXPEDITION. (From the S. A. Register, October 21.) ONE of the first matters which the House of Assembly will be called upon to consider, on its resuming business, is the voting of a sum of money to equip Mr. Stuart and his party for a further, and doubtless final, exploration to the north. From £1200 to £2000, it was stated by the government, would be required for this purpose and such an amount the house will no doubt cheerfully grant, as all have agreed that the enterprise of crossing the continent must be completed, and of course it cannot be done without money. In one branch of the legislature there was it is true, an idea thrown out that the adjacent colonies should be expected to take some share in the expense of an undertaking which is likely to benefit all parts of the continent. But, for various reasons, this suggestion cannot be entertained a single moment. Having proceeded so far in the work, it is a point of honor with South Australia that she should complete it. Besides, situated as this colony is, it is certain that whilst a route to the northern coast may be of general benefit it must be of special benefit to ourselves; and, furthermore, it should be borne in mind that the other colonies have had their own expeditions to pay for, and this they have done to some cases very liberally. New South Wales has nearly always had some work of the kind on hand since the first explorations of Oxley in 1816 ; whilst Victoria has recently spent a large sum of money in connection with her unsuccessful northern expedition and even Western Australia is at the present moment giving quite as much as her means will permit towards an examination of the western part of the continent, where Mr. Frank Gregory is now engaged, at the suggestion of the Royal Geographical Society. To South Australia, then, belongs the work of completing the route across the continent, and the sooner this work is resumed and brought to a close the better. Bearing on the question of expense our readers will have seen published several complaints on the part of the men engaged in the last expedition, and this is a matter which the government or the legislature will have to look to in providing for the next exploration. It is extremely doubtful, we understand, whether many of the last party who accompanied Stuart will go again unless a claim which they profess now to have against the government be satisfied, and some more liberal agreement be made for the next trip. One pound a week is all they have been able to obtain for their recent services, and no allowance is made either for their having been compelled to live on half rations or for the great expense which they were put to in having to supply themselves with clothes at extravagant prices, on their return to the settled districts. It appears that on the day of their departure from Adelaide they were told that £1 a week would be the rate of pay, and they did not refuse to go for this but they were also to be rationed at the expense of the Government, and they further expected that any absolutely necessary expenditure on the journey would be repaid them. They were, however, only half rationed during a great part of the time they were out; and such was the wear and tear they were exposed to that but for the purchase of clothes in the Far North, they would have ridden back to Adelaide worse provided for than Lady Godiva when she rode through the streets of Coventry. Their clothes had been torn to rags by scrub and spinifex, and there was not a pair of shoes to be found in the whole expedition. Under these circumstances, it is not surprising that the members of the party should look for some small remunera- tion above the £1 per week, and that they hesitate to risk their lives again upon the same terms. Mr. Stuart's diary shows that the work which fell upon his companions was most trying and hazardous, and that they supported him in all his difficulties with the utmost zeal and bravery. There ought, then, to be no haggling over a pound or two with men who have thus served their country, and the Government should rather incline to liberality than seek to enforce the bond and nothing but the bond. In the event of matters being arranged, the new expedition, it is said, will be ready to start for the interior at the end of a week, and this will be none too early, if the object is to reach the north-western coast during the rainy season. Gregory's diary, just re- printed by order of the Assembly, shows that wet weather commenced with him whilst on the Victoria, in December, and that the rains were so heavy that in some places they made the ground too soft to admit of the horses travelling over it. He also describes amongst other matters of interest, the effect which some sort of poisonous plant had upon his horses-a subject mentioned by Mr. Stuart in his diary. Gregory, speaking of one of the spots at which he camped, says-The grass was very inferior, and we experienced some difficulty in keeping the horses near the camp, their instinct doubtless leading them to avoid a spot where poisonous plants existed, as the next day at noon two horses were taken ill, and died in less than an hour after ; the stomachs, on examination, showing the action of violent poison." The appearance of this plant was either not known or is not described, which is to be regretted, seeing its dangerous character and its liability to be eaten by horses before its qualities are discovered. With regard to the natives, Gregory, it appears, was molested two or three times in the course of his journey, but a discharge of small shot always put the offenders to flight, and caused them afterwards to keep at a distance. But nothing so much strikes the reader of Gregory's diary as the mistaken idea there expressed, and at the time generally believed in, concerning the vast stretch of country which separated his tract on the coast from these colonies. All between was, to his mind, a barren desert, and the fringe of passable country along which he travelled appeared to be the only inhabitable region on that side of the continent. Of course he is not blamed for this opinion. It was the one then generally entertained, and there was undoubtedly a great deal in what he saw which tended to confirm it. At his furthest point inland he stood upon one side of that sterile country which Mr. Stuart has now reached upon the other side. But to Gregory its extent could not possibly be known, and it was imagined that it constituted the chief part of the continent. Stuart, however, has proved that it is only about 100 miles wide, and those 100 form the field of the new exploration. That he will succeed in crossing it we have no doubt, and we trust the honor of the exploit will be shared by all the men who recently so well assisted him. This, at least, they deserve and a further reward at the return of the expedition will, we doubt not be bestowed by the government or the public. fi The days of our rambling Thespians are one, and over the portal of Richardson's both, could the booth be discovered, might be written, "Ichabod," or "Sic transit gloria (Easter) winds; " but the Ghost of Camberwell Fair, it seems, is to be raised : " Camberwell Fair, in all its original splendour, will be held in a spacious field opposite I the White Horse Tavern, Brixton- road, near Kensington Church, on Monday. August CRICKET IN AUSTRALIA.-The arrangements for the visit of the All England Eleven are completed, and a special envoy has been despatched by this mail amply provided with funds. To send 13,000 miles for an eleven of cricketers, pay their expenses, remunerate them for loss of time, treat them hospitably, and frank them to England again, is a bold undertaking; but it has been entered upon, and will be carried out in its integrity, by the firm which initiated the project, Messrs. Spiers and Pond. The Governor and the leading people of Victoria have signified an anxious desire that the All England Eleven should visit the antipodes. It is hoped the eleven will leave by the Great Britain, so as to reach the colony in November, which is the Australian May. They will meet more formidable competitors than in America ; every city and village has its cricket-ground, and the game is pursued with intense eagerness in all the colonies. The grand intercolonial matches excite as much interest as the Derby, and as there are several gentlemen and professional pla3,e''s once well known at Cambridge and Lord's, the colonial players have attained a high standard of proficiency. Australian and New Zealand Gazette. AMERICA, MILITARY AND POLITICAL, What does the battle of Bull's Run indicate as to the probable efficiency of our own volunteers ? That is a question which volunteers have no doubt been asking themselves for some days past with rather equivocal sensations. But the answer is simple. Nothing that is American furnishes any real indication as to anything that is English. The Americans are of our blood, and, as far as energy and enterprise, and genuine enthusiasm for moral objects are concerned, we may be proud to own the connection ; but in some most essential respects they have become a different people. The nature of their climate has probably done something to destroy the coolness and steadiness of their temperament-to make them more irritable, more nervous, and more SUK ceptible of sudden impulses and emotions of all kinds, from vehement enthusiasm to panic fear. Their excessive indulgence in stimulants aggravates the effects of climate, and contributes to render their life one of perpetual excitement, and to bring them-as, compared with English- men, most Americans are brought to early graves. Mere physical causes, therefore, would tell powerfully against them on any occasion which was very trying to the nervous system. But political and social causes have probably told far more. It is evident that one of the main sources of a failure so disgraceful to the Anglo-Saxon race has been the incurable habit of insubordination, transferred from the life of the citizen to that of the soldier. England is a land of lawful authority. America is land where lawful authority can hardly be said to exist. No one dares to exercise it either in the family or in the state, Every body and every institution in which it could reside has been ground to powder by the levelling jealousy of a democracy run mad. Saturday Review. Ronny AND HIS AUNTÏ. A late well known member of the Scottish bar, when a youth, was somewhat of a dandy, and I suppose somewhat short and sharp in his temper. He was going to pay a visit in the country, and was making a great fuss about the preparing and putting up his habiliments. His old aunt was much annoyed at this bustle, and stopped him by the somewhat contemptuous question, " Wharves this you're game, Robby, that ye make sic a grand work about your class ?" The young man lost temper, and pettishly replied, " I'm going to the devil." " Deed, Robby, then," was the quiet answer, " ye needn't be so nice, he'll just take ye as we are." It is a terrible indication when the heart grows black as the head grows while. He that has much and wants more poor; he who has little and wants no more in rich. Some hearts, like primroses, open most beautifully in the shadows of life. If forty were a physical pain, what a moan- ing and groaning world this would be. Reason is that Homeric and golden chain, descending from the throne of God even unto man, uniting heaven with earth, and earth with heaven. 