#uii Portfolio. THE SMALL THINGS OF LONDON. Without acorns j r ou can't have oaks. AVlien you speak of cocks and hens you imply cliickeus. If you would enrich the ivorld nitli an Epic poem (not that I particularly wish to see any addition to that class of literature), you must begin by miting 1 . or at any rate by arranging in your head the two first lines. So of men and women. When you speak of Skakspeare you imply a baby; yes! there was a moment when William Shakspeare was little Willy in long clothes. No doubt nurse Dorothy, or—if the family, as some commentators suppose, were not very rich—good Mrs. Shakspeare herself, took the little Willy in question out in her arms, and strolled with him along the banks of placid Avon. King liars, and Hamlets, and Otbellos as yet lay latent somewhere about the region of the pia mater in that remarkable child; but I have 110 doubt that he sucked his little fat thumbs much as other babies are wont to do. It is also probable that good Mrs. Shakespeare, like other mothers—God bless them all— talked the sublimest sense, mother's-nonsense, to the boy, and in her beatific vision saw him in her mind's eye—it is only mothers who dare to draw on the future for such portentious sums—Lord Mayor of London, If so, she was wrong 1 , as poor mothers sometimes are. Little William missed the Cicic Chair. The ingenious French writers who get up those mendacious books about the First Napoleon, are very eager to tell us that when the infant was just born, in the confusion of the moment, and by pure accident, he was placed upon a tapestry on which the skill of the artist had represented some terrible feats of arms. It might have been the doings of the Argonauts under the command of the filibustering fellow Jason; it might have been the battle of the Amazons, or of the Centaurs and Lapithae; my recollection only serves me so far that I can assert with perfect confidence that the Napoleon tapestry, in one form or another, represented Broken Heads, an antique. Now they would have us believe that a wise spectator could have translated the contortions, and whinings, and squeakings of that troublesome child into some such phraseology as tliis:—Enavant la Garde? Nom de—nom dc—rwm de tonnerre. Affronton-s la mitraiUe. Soldats, la victoire est la-lax •prete trinquer a tec clle.—Nom de soixante mille to-kons—la Garde en amnt. I do not believe that this was the case, but that little Napoleon bawled upon that occasion simply because he felt rather cold, and would have been g'lad of a little milk in the usual way. I am about to offer a few remarks on the subject of children in general and London children—the Small Tilings of London—in particular; but although anxious to begin at the beginning, I cannot say that I in any way sympathise with those excellent people who can make out so many fine things from die whinings of babyhood. English mothers forgive me, I don't like a baby. Mrs. Fondlechild, I know exactly what you are about to say; I was once a baby myself, and I will add that, according to my own view of the case, I must then have been a most objectionable atom. I should not have liked myself. I should not have wished to have been given myself to hold. I would not have called myself a " Pobsy-Wobsy," nor would I have admired my own pink toes. I could not with a clear conscience have asserted of myself "that " bless my little heart I was the very image of papa." I never could see the smallest resemblance between an infant and a stout middle-aged gentleman with a hooked nose and spectacles. This, however, but adds to the unpayable debt of gratitude we all owe to our mothers; but for female protection during those months of jelly-dom, what would become of us ? Nay, gentlest motherhood apart, are not all women ex-officio protectors of helpless infancy? By some mysterious law of nature they appear to rejoice in human duodecimos at the very time they are most distasteful to me; and, I believe, il they would make a clean breast of it, to most of my fallows. The little creature that has a cap on, and cries in a sort of basket, is to them a cameo, or a choice engraving. They see its points, and love to handle it. For myself I must say that I am distinctly afraid of a baby. I do, however, most thoroughly see the beauty of a mother holding her clild in her arms, or to her breast—(so I am not asked to touch it)—and I think it was well that this combination was selected as the favourite subject of Christian artists in the middle ages. But—here I fall back upon the subject of pretty little Mrs. Buttercup, of Number Blank, Blank Square—it is certainly the mother and not die child who exacts my tribute of admiration. Assume the baby to be absent, I should lie well content to spend half-an-hour in Mrs. B.'s agreeable society; assume Mrs. B. to be absent, I would as soon spend halfan-hour with a young rook as widi the baby. Baby so far plays into the hands of anaesthetic friend of the family that he is die unconscious • instrument of educing very beautiful forms of expression upon Mrs. B.'s pure and gentle features, and he can conjure a look out of her eye which never, as I believe, fell to poor Buttercup's lot, even when he had pulled lier up fifteen miles against stream in the gladsome days of wooing and pink bonnets —jnst allowing himself time for a litde beer on passing die locks. I never could see any poetry ia the staring blue eyes of babyhood, although Mlv aware that, according to the, doctrines of the true faitii upon the Angelina model, we are required to believe that baby Las recendy ,quitted the realms aloft, and does not-like its new quartos upon the crust of this fussy, liard-working planet. Of course," if this were so, it Js enough 'tojjnt an infant out to eH∠^tlie kisses of a seraph ^jAe, demonstrations Sago'g—the monthly nuiBe's—profession. But I don't believe the i theory. I cannot help thinking that if I had ever enjoyed the supernatural comforts suggested in a previous state of existence I should have remembered something about the matter even now. I am, however, clear upon this point, that my earliest recollection is of being on board a steamboat in the Thames—my second of being taken to Astley's, where an eminent artist of those days gratified us by personating die character of the French Emperor. He was always riding on and off the stage upon a white horse, and taking snuff in front of the foot-lights. I have also a recollection upon that occasion of a terrific combat between a Highland regiment and an overpowering French force, which terminated entirely to die advantage of the Highlanders. Now, remembering diese things so-well, how is it possible that I should have forgotten everything about the Elysian Fields—if, indeed, I had ever been there in a pre-infantine period of existence ? Surely I should have been accustomed to play with a few favourite cherubs, I should have been friends with some ghosts. What had I done ? Why was I turned out to work for my living ? I protest I do not remember anything about the matter, fieader, do you ? Let us leave the young babies in the arras of their mothers. There lies die true paradise for the little unsolved enigmas. When they come to be three or four years of age it is quite a different affair. When that happens, I can put myself right with the mothers of England. Who can ever forget those lovety groups of children which poor Sir William Koss knew so well how to translate upon ivory ? Poor man! he is just gone from among us to a place where, as I hope, he sees more beautiful forms than he used to copy upon eardi. Were they children—were they flowers ? Yet what human intelligence and possibilities about them! One could see diat the clear-browed little fellow with the long brown hair (numbered 1723 in the Miniature Room) might, at no very distant time, conduct the sweet little entity with the blue sash, who is thrusting back her fair silken curls with a little pink baud, where there are dimples instead of knuckles, to the hymeneal altar at St. George's, Hanover-square. 1 mean that little girl yonder, numbered 1745. But what a deal of trouble the little fellow will liave with the impersonal verbs between this and then—as ret he knows notliing about supines, and tfie child is glad. My little friend, too, in the blue sash, has some hard days and red eyes before her on account of " Cramer's Exercises" and her inveterate habit of thrusting her little ivory shoulder—it is the left one—out of her frock. But it will all go right in the long ma. " Supines in um have an active signification:" Ut Jtc Me Fa Sol—Fol- de-rol-de-riddle-dol. There are troubles on both sides, but they will meet at last. Children at the age when Sir William Ross loved to arrest their beauty in its rapid flight are the sunbeams of a house, when they are not allowed to be its tyrants. For my own part, I should like to see bov-children born at five years of age, if this could be contrived without inconvenience. I would then keep them at diis age for twenty years, and let them awake some morning at twenty-five years old, and be captains, or perpetual curates, or junior a- dovs partners, vcrser or des something petits verves, of that allots sort. The girl-childreu—also born at five years old —should be kept at that age for fifteen years; and on a given day be returning from their wedding tours. I should like to be preserved from die worry of blessing my son-in-law, and wondering whether he was young scoundrel or not, and the speeches at'the weddingbreakfast. No, let Emily Jane come in with the oranges one day, ana the next turn up as the beloved wife of some manly, straightforward young fellow, and mistress of a nice little house somewhere iu Soudi Kensington, with an arm-chair dedicated to the use of the aged Gamma. One point is remarkable enough about London children of die humblest classes, and that is (despite of all the drawbacks of confined space, and I fear of unwholesome dormitories, and improper or insufficient food), their healthy appearance. I would, however, make especial exception of unfortunate children who live down below Thames water-mark—Wandsworth way. It has often made my heart ache to watch the poor little ricketty creatures in those regions which are, as it" were, the Pontine Marshes of London. They live, or rather stagger on through a few years of hie in rows of houses with palings before them, incrusted with some green deposit which I am unable to describe by its scientific name. The back-yards abut upon each other; you commonly pass in upon die rows through turnstiles, the advantage of which I could never explain to myself, for certainly they are of no kind of use for keeping the poor little green children within bounds. On the contrary, these little human fungi cling to them like limpets to a rock, or if the sun one day shines with unusual fervour upon Paradise Row or Paragon Buildings, the creatures display their exhilaration of spirits by walking upon them, and twisting round diem, and cultivating the science of callisthenics according to their feeble means. Alas! for the children of die poor, when the poor live below the Thames water-mark. Things, I believe, are in a somewhat better condition now; but when I knew the place it was full of open sewers and various forms of liquid abomination. When these were in a seething state, and covered 'with globules of gas under a July or August sun, the appeal to the senses was forcible but unsatisfactory. Nor did die ebb and flow of die tide make things better. The cruel time, as the medical men in those regions will tell you, was in the interval between the aggrandisement of the town in that direction and die introduction of improved systems of sewage. So long as the place was only a filthy, ill-kept outskirtof London, there were hedge-rows and half-andhalf country spots to which die children could betake themselves, and carry on the manufacture of ^dirt-pies under comparatively healthy conditions. It was, however, a terrible tiling when the litde Britons were bricked in, and compelled to .carry on their scrofulous sports round the edges of open sewers. What a dreaiy business it was to watcli them at their sluggish play; and how thin, shrill-voiced, big- boned women, who always appeared to be in a frenzy, would rush Forward with a few cuffs—to put a little spirit in them, I suppose—drag them to their wretched homes. There you might see diem again crawling in and out of the mouldy houses in a lisdess way, or probably there would be one hollow-eyed litde fellow'.who had got his cuffing over, and therefore was comparatively comfortable, sitting in die dirt before the paternal mansion with his back to the wall, and looking out acancrinaspeeHlative'WBy. -'. • (Tobe continued in ovar next.) 