LITERATUitB. , THE HORROR IN THE HOUSE. ; (CONCLUSION'.) .. : 'It waa at this period that attention began to , - be niore generally attracted to the house;. and the peculiar evil fortune -which seemed to attach to ^hom^oeTer became1 its occupants-— thelast fpuri ? families haying, each; lost a member within its walls. VA certam suspicion, originating none could say exctetly where, huncabout .theywretched old \v6man Tjvho had clung like an e^yil, destiny 'to that house of grief. She could obtain no employ ment ; few .would bestow upon her the slightest alms' ; the parish found 'means to resist her claim ; the boysinthe .street- re-christened her, without . ceremony, as ' Moll Murder ;'' invited her to supply them with a pen' orth of arsenic on credit ; and, in. return/' pledged themselves faithfully to attendherapproacnirig execution. , But apparently these suspicions were insuffieient, and the law ? suffered her tostarve on unmolested. ~'t '-.-I ?V;i:^;i -\ 'In good truth, the Aveight of public opinion inelined to thesupernaturalside; and such extra-* ordinary tales begnn.to gain credence, that the, agent deemed it his duty to apprise ;. the . landlord, Mr. Archbold, of the ..character attaching to his house, and the improbability of: getting another tenant, unless something. could be speedily done to redeem its reputation. ? .'; ?. 'Not a week elapsed before Mr. Archbold, without commenting on his agent's report, laco nically announced.that an eligible tenant was on the point of repairing to the spot, and would take immediate possession.- . ? ' An excellent idea, had occurred tothe shrewd old merchant. His favorite nephew, Charles Annesley, had beeri-guiity of an act of which he thought fit -highly to disapprove; had, in fact, taken to wife the beautiful daughter, of a village schoolmaster !. Mr.: Archbbld, who was a man of the fewest iwords, limited the expression of his indignation to a i curt note, m which he informed the delinquent that, to avoid any , future mis apprehensions, he felt it right to: state frankly . -that he, Charles, would-never receive one farthing ,bf the fortune he. had destined for him. . ,.,-?? . ??'???'? ' Charles was a young, man of high spirit! He ?looked at his wife, and thought that, the united ?uncles, of. Great Britain could never have amassed a treasure equal in value to that he: had discovered and ^appropriated 'to himself in; the secluded hamlet of - Little Gidding, Hants. Upon the whole, he thought he loved his Mary, impossible; a trifle, better, for the price he was: likely, to pay for her. 'The change in Charles's prospects, if it cooled a few friends, warmed others into more eordial life ; and so much sympathy was felt and shown for the young .; couple, thus set rudely afloat on the sea of life, with scarce ballast enough to secure their little bark from a .daily capsize, that Uncle Ar'chbold became ,uncomfortably con scious of his ungracious ? position ; and, casting about for some means to redeem himself ' into the good thoughts of the worldiagain,' bethought him of hia vacant house in Gayland Terrace. Money he could not giyer^-a home he might; and here was a splendid opportunity at once to confer an act of kindness, on his nephew, and to rescue his property from the ill name that was daily becom ing worse. .... . : ' i .',:.'.' ??: ??.? l .,...??:? .'. ? 'He wrote ^accordingly to Charles, proffering the loan of his' furnished- mansion in Gayland Ten-acef'untilthe couple shbuld have had time to consider their future plans, or,, indeed, for any ?period' they. chose,! provided they took instant pos session, and were careful of the costly furniture ; and, on , Charles's ; grateful acceptance, signified the result to his agent, as I have mentioned. , '.' So, -early m February, No. 23, now in the full enjoyment of a haunted fame; opened its doors to new tenants ; and Charles Annesley, a young man of twenty -five, with: good,' frank ?, intelligent fea tures, and. resolute bearing— one with whom no ghost of any sense would for a moment dream of .contending — escorted his charming little wife across the first threshold of which she was the declared mistress. : ? . ' Very much frightened she looked, the little country belle, as the magnificence of her domain opened upon her! As for Charles, he could hardly forbear a hearty laugh,' as they passed from room to room, furnished with eastern splendour.-his pretty companion setting her little feet apologetically on the yielding carpet, or. layr ing a humtjle white, finger.on cabinet, couch,' or 'picture, as if to ascertain, that these objects were material; and no.'fairy vision.. ,. ...?????'? - ' The young people broughtbut one servant, a country girl ;,,. and their entire - resources/inclusive i of a littlo dower of thirty pounds; hoarded for his darling by the thrifty old schoolmaster, amounted to no more than seventy-five pounds. Charles, indeed, who had a taste for, and already some proficiency in, medical science, intended to turn this to account ; but how the war was to be car ried on until the necessary licence was obtained, and patients came to be killed in sufficient numr bers to keep the sportsman alive, was an entire .^enigma. ?ivy'W How, upon earth, Charles, are we to keep ,'^tll these lovely things of your kind uncle's clean, ivwithvonly Hephzibah 2 ' disked Mary. 'And, indeed, I shall' -.be half afraid, as it is, to trust them ro her determined hands. And, 0 Charles, therefs another thing. I'm so ashamed of myself! — I a.m. I can't— oh ! what have I been doing? wasting my time with French and singing, when I can't oven ed — coo' ? :--;;;^ VCoo, my child?' said Charles, laughing, : i and kissing off a tea^_« why should you coo ? ' ?:.'V'CooT-ook, . Charles!' sobbed the poor ?W :'?? 'If I Could have done that—md Heph zibah^tluv housework-^ — ? I— think I'll try.' \- ;' ' You'll do no such thing ! ' rejoined Charles, fvtfrtbusly alarmed. « You'll make a mess of it, burn your pretty fingers, and poison \is both with all sorts of unearthly preparations ! No, no! Burlesque is very amusing in its way; but the caricature of a cabinet-pudding— the distorted phwitom of a fricandeau— is no fun at all! ; No ? — we must .manage another servant somehow.' '?The agent, when .consulted on the matter, looked, grave, hemmed, didn't know — whether — ? in short, he might as well inform Mr. Annesley at once, that there existed an unaccountable pre judice against the house, and that it was quite ; likely Charles might experience difficulties of a 'kind ho did not expect in' augmenting his esta blishment. These auguries were perfectly correct. Not a soul could be found in the vicinity willing to take service at No. 23 ; and the young couple, reluctant to incur the expense of sending to Lon don for a domestic, sat down to their first meal a little depressed in spirits^— Charles, who had con cealed from' hia wite the' cause- of the difficulty, secretly resolving, to extract some further infor mation from the cautious agent on the morrow. '? They were sitting after dinner with recovered spirits, but in deep consultation, when, there came a lew knock at the door. : ' ''' Bidden to em,er,, a dirty old woman inade her appearance. It was no' other than old Charlotte,; who had come, to offer her. valuable oervices inde-: fault of better; ; ;-? v ;?.? ',;-?;. ?,-.??„; -..;?'???.; ???.;. v::-. . ' ' She loved' the housej'' shesaid,*' ' and all that was in it. -.,? Old; as she . looked, she could do as much ,as twenty— was., a verj, good cook, and. would work her fingers to the bone for , her dear little ladyship/. As for wages, she dicbi't want none 6f them.' ' / ; ? .' ' 'As these terms ; seemed reasonably cheapi and they were rxeally in^a. difficulty, Charles after a moment's dubious .contemplation.of the old wo man's squalid figure,: gave.utterance to the assent -he saw in his wife's (Clear eyes, and' engaged the otrange' att0n;jj^tf;en^^ to have recSitrsetosoap'and water, in, the second, to eat a good supper. , , 'Though the old woman's eyes glistened like those ot a tanushed wolf at the mention of food, she paused at the door, and hobbling back, said in a sort of hoarse whisper, ' Please, sir, and my lady, don't say. that you've taken old Charlotte' into your service. I shall never go abroad, and nobody will know, if you; don't tell 'em.' : ; V ^'Charles smiled at :the idea of the old crone fearing that the dangerous reputation of the house might damage .hers ; but unwilling to explain he-, fore his wife, hastily, gave ,the required promise, and summoning. Hephziibah, dismissed the new cook under that young lady's charge to the sphere of 'her future duties. ' . ' ' '; ' Affairs for a few .days went smoothly enough. Charles commenced a course of study preparatory, to the regular carrying out of his professional project, while the little bride busied herself per petually in . -the direction of their: economical household, ;and was never, tired of watching '? over the wellbeingVof uncle's beautiful' things. Old Charlott^ who seemed; to ; possess the' faculty' of brightening ,up,coniidbfiibly at will, had shed her squalid slough, and come out arather venerable, but still effective moth;:- .She ; really proved: to be a very good cook, preparing all their meals without assistance, and often, of her own impulse, providing little supplementary refreshments for the mistress she professed-to adore. ' ' One morning, Annesley having gone out .alone, Mar yr— attended by. old : Charlotte, who was well acquainted with every drawer, shelf, and cupboard in the place— rmade a regular pro gress, of inspection throughout the house, end ing, as it happened, at the Angel-chamber. ??« What a loyely room !.' exclaimed. Mary, for the twentieth time, as she entered ; ' and what a couch! When . I die, t dhould like it to be oh ^ust such a bed as this ' — and she sat down upon it — ' with that sweet majestic face shining upon me;' ' ? ?.' '?????':?;' ? ??''??' '' ? ' ' ' « Everybody does die here,' said old Charlotte, cheerfully. .' Master's mother— ^Miss May Calr lender — Colonel Doulton, all breathed their lasts on this very bed.' . .. . ; .' ' Can you remember all those deaths ? ' asked Mary. ' ?.'...,'? ' 'Remember them? Bless you, my dear, they've all been touched ami took within these five years!' ' \ ; ' . \l ' Touched and took ! What do you mean, Char lotte ?' said the young mistress, opening her blue eyes. ? ?'?? ? ??'. ' ' ?'- ?' ?-??.?? ? -?;? ' . ' Well, well, we'll see/ muttered the old woman. ?And so you'd like to die here too.would you, my lamb?' she went on, with a peculiar look, gazing at the pretty, frapcile creature before her from head to foot, as though mentally dressing her for the grave. . ' Now, whether or not there was something un usually repulsive this day about the old woman, or whether she simply desired to be alone, Mary yielded to an irresistible inclination to dismiss her follower, and, having done so, sat down at the great plate-glass window, which faced the We3t. ? ': ? ? . 'The view from hence was both fair and sad. JPirst, came a slip of much neglected garden, a' crowded battle ground of weeds and flower? — the weeds having decidedly the best of it— some leaf less elms and fig trees,, and a high wall, magnified to an immense size with sheaves and coils of ever lasting ivy. Past this was a Roman Catholic Cemetery, long since filled, and abandoned as a place of. interment; . ' .Over -and between three or four noble cypressess, that shaded the forgotten dead, might be seen the broad weald, green with sprouting com ; then a range of blue hillsj on the last of which lingered the westering sun. ' Half an hour later, Charles was returning home. When within a few paces of his own door, a loud ringing scream struck him like a stab ! In a moment, he was in the house and dashed into the room from the direction of which he had fancied the crj' had proceeded. ' His wife was 'on the bed, fiigjitfully con vulsed— Hpphzibah and Charlotte beside her. She recovered instantly on: seeing him, and a violent flood of tears completely restored her tranquility, after which, being- left alone with her husband, Mary related as follows :— 'She had sat for some time at the window, .watching the purpling clouds, and the sombre tints of evening calmly enveloping the quiet scene, when, becoming sensible of a degree, of las situde, and a strange inert feeling not usual to her, she moved to the low golden couch, and lving fairly down, fell in^o an uneasy sleep. She lay upon her right side, with her face to the wall — on that side, distant scarcely half a yard from the bed — and dreamed that, so lying, the wall before her opened slowly, and that there issued from it a skeleton, bearing in its hands its own severed skull. As it approached one flesh less hand detached itself from the skull, and pointed to the vacant eye-holes, while the head muttered, ' See how they treat us yonder. Here wero bluo diamonds once, my sister, that laughed and swam like, yours. Come, let U3 compare !' . ' The skull was thrust up' into her very face. She was conscious of the earthy, fetid odor ? her own face was drawn as it were more and more into the sister-skull, as though it: were becoming part of it — when, with a shriek and a desperate' struggle, she flung the spectre and the dream away. . : . ? ? 'Although, for the moment, the painful im pression appeared to pas^ away, it was but too evident to Annesley that the heajth and spirits of his little wife hadreceived a serious shock.'. In a few'days, her rich color was gone, her lip's liooked dry and feverish— she began to complain of head ache, and started, when suddenly touched, or at the least unexpected sound; j ,- . ''One day, after making Vain efforts to eat her breakfast, the poor little thing leaned her head 911 her hands/ and burst into tears.. ? O Charles, my' poor boy,' she sobbed, 'I fear I'm very, very ' The wistful; anxious look in those blue .eyes alarmed her husband fatmore thaneven;her words. He laid her tenderly on the sofa, soothing her to the utmost of his power,, andj not without bitter, seif- reproach for neglecting it so'.lolig,; despatched Hephzibah to request Mr. Mawry's immediate at-, tendance. \ - ..,'' ,:.' ,'?;'?''.. . ; '': ,;'??'. !;,:;/:' 'The little doctor acknowledged that his new patient looked delicate in Jthe extreme;' ^nd re quired every attention'. The present attack -was clearly nervous ;, and he endeavored to eliciifrom her whether she had sustained any receni shock or:.alarmV':'-M^y^'.^Qweverl'i'was''ash^^^d:ib'coW' fess her dream ';' arid Mr. Mawfy could' discover nothingbut that she was subject to a auddenand fearful spasm, -which affected her whole head from the.eyestp thethrbat. In thelatter organ, espe cially; sfie suffered much pain; ' r 'On;the-p6iht -of ^leaving,' Mawry turnedround, and carelessly observed : ? ' I take it for. granted, my dear madam, that .you have an ; e.xeelient watcher in- your husband ; but you need some care. : Who» may I ask, -is your principal attend ant ?' — Mary smiled.—' Who, for . . example, makes' your tea ?' J ?'?'.. ? ? '?? The Kousexnaid, Hephzibah, generally ; but sometimes |'old Gli*— ^— Mary checked herself. '??;i begiyour pardon— ?o/to?' ' :. ....,.? ? ; '.'???!. waajaboutio name- an old woman we have talsen into the housertohelp the housemaid, but, for some reason I have not inquiredj she does not wish it to be known.' ' -..-?? ? '?' Old Charlotte !' ejaculated Mawry. ' ''Such, is her name,1 repliedjMary, astonished at Ms astonishment. .:;;.:. . ?'Ma,wry; who .had sat; down again, got up with aface '-white as ashes. .. ' . 'I-r-I, have; a .word to say to Mr. Annosley,' he said, and- took a hasty leave. \- '.Charles was reading medicine in the' Angel- room,. '.-I-- ' ; ' '?' ' ? ? ' .'.'?' Good He'avens, sir!' exclaimed' the -liitle doctor, bursting in, ' do you know what you' have got inyour.house?', ' . . ' , : 'Horrid -visions of his Mary in' typhus fever in smail-pox-^-a lunatic— flashed like lightning across Charles's rnind. : . .; ?? : ' ? What— what? he gasped out; ' «' Moll 'Murder '.' '??' ' MoYLwhatt' ' '/?' ♦« ' The old hag to whom the boys in the town have given ? that title, for her strange association with every ^ death that has occurred in this un happy house since it became your uncle's. The very worst suspicions cleave to her. For mercy's sake, Mr. Annesley, get rid of this old wretch be fore you are an hour older ! 'Charles' stood aghast. ' '?.' Is it — possible. that'— — ,7;'v . '?'.'??? ???,??? .' ' I know not what is possible'; but do it, sir do it,' said the. eager apothecary; and Charles, infected with his earnestness, promised com pliance. ,.'''?'. . . ;' ? ''.'..' - ? ?? ' That night Charlotte was dismissed, this time taking her pattens with her, as though her work were done. ? j . ? . : ' . . '.' Toitched and took!' was Charlotte'sbenedic tion, looking back and shaking her finger' as she passed the door. . ' ????????. 'Let me pass quickly over these sad' details^ The young wife was indeed doomed. Drooping gradually, like the preceding victims, she BloVrly but certainly followed them to the same bourne. 'Annesley would have left the house, but nothing could induce Mary to consent. His uncle would be vexed ; would think them care less, ungrateful— besides, they had no' other home. Most of all, she earnestly desired, if die she must, to breathe her last in the Angel-chamber, with those glorious eyes and protecting arms above her. ' She had her wish ; and, in a few short weeks the fourth victim tothe mystery of that house slept in the village churchyard. 'The popular feeling against old Charlotte had by thia. time ?attained such open expression that it 'pecame absolutely, necessary, to investigate. its grounds. She was accordingly given into cus ? tody. Some examination took place, but the doctor being compelled to; certifyto a case of na turaltjeath, and no direct inculpatory evidence being adduced, the prisoner, on the very day of poor Mary's funeral, was restored to liberty, and immediately disappeared. .' It was 'now imagined that the house would be finally closed. The next door neighbor on one side had already quitted ; he on the other had given notice. .^ Mr. Archbold himself felt his mind infected by 'the prevailing superstition; and, moreover, seeing ' the cause of misunder Btanding removed, was ready enough to give indulgence to his returning kindness to wards his1 nephew, to whom he accordingly wrote, desiring him to quit without delay the sceneof his bereavement, and resume the place he had for merly held in'hi3 uncle's home and affection. ' Charles refused. ' He considered that his uncle, in placing them in a house under this notorious ban, had been actuated by less 'disinterested motives than he had imagined, and had been even in some degree instrumental in the fatal misfortune that had be fallen him. Besides, he had a duty to perform, to which it was his fixed determination to devote every energy he possessed— nay, if needful, life itself. He would, find out the mystery of the haunted house. And no knight, in quest of the holy greal, ever started on the-doubtful way with more resolved purpose than Charles, when, re turning from his Mary' a funeral, he re-entered the desolate mansion. - . . ; '.'?He was^ alone, absolutely alone :; for poor Heplizibah, though, attached to her master, and pitying him with all her honest heart, had evinced such - unmistakable symptoms of aversion 'to sleeping- another night in the house, that Charles, 'unshaken in imrpose, judged it best to dismiss her at once to her friends. So the door closed behind the sqbbing Hephzibah, and Charles wiis alone — absolutely alone. 'For hours lie sat musingly, the melancholy fire, undisturbed by a single sound. Evening at' i length, approached, and still he sat, as though i liemory had chained him hand and foot to 1h- place-where he had passed so many happy houra.-' Gradually, he got into a train of recollection that conducted him through the entire history of hia : lpst love, from the first chance meeting when he had stopped, a lost, benighted hunter, to inquire, the road, and Mary's azure eyes glittered in the starlight, as if they belonged to it, while ebo stepped forward to his horse's side, and raised' them in directing him. He had arrived at the eyerting when they had come, with their modest ' baggage and rustic ' herio.hwoman,::to.the magniti ceiit. house, .;'h^V;exaBii^edJits-v.alaf:nimg.''; glbrie«i ? ' haddmed.meriily, and were -reclining in their ? deep velvet -?hairs, their laughing: faces reflected' grotesquely ;in the; polished stove, up to the mo-'. nien.t'-when';61d Charlotte, like an evil genius, aj.-:' ' Reared at the door. ' ? .'At that moment a sound struck CharleK's! earTT-it -was ; like a distant footstep somewherfc within the house. The door of the room in whicli he sat -was wide open, and presently he was a wait; of a slow, soft step ascending the. stair. . ^ 'To say 'that! Charies's heart did not accelerate its usual. pace by a pulse or two, would be to deny ',a feeling that might have so. far assailed tW most collected. An idea that the bold resalutiou hehadiformedwas about to be met half- wnj', that - . the mysterious Horror of the House was actually. approaching him in an incarnate shape, struck the. listener with an appalling sense of being suddenly ? ' called upon to deal with, what one cannot compre hend. ., Charles involuntarily griped the velvet arms of his chair, and' half rising, slowly .turned his face'to the door, where the step had halted. ? . ' ? 'There stood old Charlotte ! . 'His fear melted into rage. '' Wretched old hag !— accursed murderess !' he exclaimed, forgetting for the moment his. own- doubts, of. her guilt — ? dare you ' ? ? ' ' Charles Annesley,' said the old woman, walking up to him, ' it is you who shbuld not dare. I warned you— I warned your mother — I ?warned Mrs. Callender — I warned every one of vou, young and old, of the danger hidden in thiit fearful house. Yet I loved and served. them alt when .they would let me, and to do so ranthf- same risk with them. ? For re ward,'y on have pi it the murderer's mark on me. I am the devil's' ' mate, Moll Murder, the old poisoning witch. My. / life is nothing; they might a? well have hanged'. me. I hoped they would, for the Lord keeps justice for- the innocent, and He knows that I never willingly hatrned a living creature. They were all touched and took; poor dears'! but not by me. I know you ; are come back to find out who killed your uai1 Ungi and old Gharlette's come to help you.' ??'?&' '-'You !' ; [ ? ? . ? .' ' ''Like enough in some thing3,' said- the oM .-??? woman steadily. 'You've no more pleasure in ; life — no more have I. You've one obiect-^ ? mine's the same, only my reason's the best. Find out what you may, you can't bring back the dfea-3.' But I wear Cain's Mack brand, and that's an ugly mask to die in ; I won't, if I can help it.' ' Charles stood looking at her with an amaze-\ ment he did not care to hide; something in the ?woman's altered manner impressed him favor ably, despite himself. His thoughts held a rapid council: if the hag were guilty, and -were really a prey to that iearfift , form of mania which couid alone accounfi for nvsc'i' cruel crimes, he had no fear for himself, and might even, by examination and analysis, obtain potrit clue to her alleged, practices. If she were inno cent, she might afford him important aid in .' ia investigations. ' Some attendant he absolutelj- re quired. In fine, he acceded to her proposal, * and. dkected her to take up her residence in the honae . as before. ? ?',.-?? ' A feeling he could not well define determined Charles to sleep that night in the Angel-chamber. It was there that his Mary had experienced the first mysterious visitation — there, on -his bosonv breathed her last gentle sigh. : '?As he lay down, though with little hope of rest, he could not resist uttering a fervent prayed that the terrible influence might reveal itself to him ; also — no matter with what peril accompa nied — so that he might but analyse its i'oarlu| features, and gauge its destroying powers. 'His desire was fulfilled. It must have been ? about two o'clock when Charles woke, with 'u start, under .the impression . that a hnnd had beeft laid upon his face. . But such a hand ! I: eonld have belonged to no living human thing. .Hor rible as it ? seems,- it -was like that of a putrid corpse. Hismouth,-his nose, his. eyes, his throfit, Were, choked/ and smai'ting .with some-ioaviVil' ??:' e_f3uvia, his 'nulse went iri-eg-uiarly — his very body sickened within him ! ' 'Annesley was a man of cool, intrepid nature. and the strongest nerves-. ? ? Despite his confusion; he rose and wrestled with the Terror, as if it were a living foe that had nearly mastered him — ;i moment, and the victory was won. Slowlv aticl reluctantly, as though battled in its assault, :h«* horrible fear, whose presence lie had a' moe-t _/-,/?;; relaxed its hold, and quitted him. Charles in stinctively staggered forward, as in pursuit., reached the window, throwing it up, gazed i'orlti into the calm, cold night. * , ' ' Whence, whence, O Horror;' ho gfisped. ' The next moment, with a countenance deadly white, he reclosed the window, andTeturned t.» his bed. ' In that instant, the Horror, the Ghost, hn-J revealed itself to him; as. he had desired. 'But Charles would .hi.ve further i-roof, r.nd witn ss too. . . ? 'The following morning, after pretending In eat some portion of the b'reakfasc he found com fortably prepared for him in the library, Charles summoned old Charlotte to ;i conference. 'She came, so changed, that her master coniiJ scarcely recognise, in the Ixale, respec.rablelook ing matron before him. the wretched oldoutcasf of the previous day. lint I have sai-l tliat. t'ha— lotte had, in common with other ]inml)le eruai.ui'wi I have met, with, a way ol' brifrhtening ;i'.id to% panding under certain i;iil«cnc(;s, wliioh rcve:dt- i qualities liitherto wrapt in shade. The tronbii s ??? she had undergone, a.bovu all, the foul stigma un der which she labored, hud had )\ . p'liVii'ying nrwi vivifying .effect, eg ;ipp:ii'ent in lifVimnsKo.- and language, that- Ciiavles secretly,' congratulate .himself ,qn his ally. . . ? ?'?He began by. 'tracing. us ininuteiy as po^ihlc the history of the la;qr illucss«s and clt'iulis; be ginning with that of his mother, which' event oc curred during his absence abroad.. In this ho re ceived 'most material assistance from Mi'. Ma wry, for. 'whom he sent during the morning, one! wlw^ .after overcoming his astonishment at finding old : ::.Gharlo.tte a member of the council, , entered, yvitijt '??' '?- all zeal into the inquiry., ; ... .?..' ,'.:?,.-;. y.'..'.L.'- .. : '?%. v '.'The result.proved that \th.3.' sa- ne erctraor'cUn- ;? !?: : wy -symptoms had been evolved in every case^— , Sn'Araely, severe., nervous,.- semi-cataleptic attacks,. ' -prostration of strength, mental depression,' d.ecay . of thd. vital powers, and death— Ma wry: declaring ? liimseif utterly unable to account either for the. i VoTigin of the disease, or for. vth©? rapidity, andcerr 'Ctaintyvwitli which, bnc« cohceived, it huf rjied; the . ??victims to their end. . .,;-. .' ,*.''/, '.-.: . ',':.*' ./?Onrcceiying the information he had gathered, V; Annesley^was^ in. turp-for the Angel-chamherv It seemed a.fataV fancy ; for, certainly, whatever.soothing. influence : it might exercise on the minds of, the, inyalj^s,was not reflected in their bodies. Orithe^pojntr'a.ry, . everyone became rapidly worse,ahd the mysterious 'l?eiror— though its occurrence :; gfew- more and jnore frequent— seemed gradually .-to lose its inten sity, in proportion as physical healtK declined, till ,.*? it left; the last days of the suffer er;vrliblly|^ndi?- :-;.'A;^turbedicf'r;^; ; - ;:?' ;.(v.';''':-/ ;'?'-':: ^'i:'?*^--?^-'* ?'-?'?'- : ' ' ''Now'- said Charlesyas with' a deep sighheraised his pale fece from' his hands, after a mince's m?--i ^filiation, 'iome -with me, and iHvill^^how^yQ* fcheHorror in the House.' ;.;-'-- ??''?' :~'^y^:'^'^:: ';; .'??-?' He walked, followed by the others;;c£t£aighti tothe Ahgel-room. There it shone, with, its' re-? , ?gai\ couch, its superb mirrors, its glpwingcabi-; .iiieta, its purple curtains, Charles threw up ithe .window, admitting the jsoft fresh breeze. .,.;-,- .- ,' ? ? ^; --'Does this,' he asked; ' look like a -pestilence \- palace-1— a house of pain and death.?1' : pi u. r,u ;;'?? \- ' 'He struck- upon one of the gildedpanelsvasiKe, ''spoke.; it returned ; a hollow sound,. like^-eei|itx' of- the last word, 'death V .--. j. .; ~::- jr.... ?^.^fsu/.S ' '' The next moment Charles -caught up a pokerr ':' from the iireplace, and dashed- in. the panel. -.- .,. ; , ;v'' Stoop dewniVhe said, to-Mawry. ..?...,..,...- .;/«.', The latter did so, but started -pack in horror, as .: a sickenmg, loathsome odor per, vaded the ??? sapartment, as from a newly opened grave,, . , :, ?v .-f:There;--lay. indeed \the. secret; of , the -Horror. Qut ;of::ithiat;^panei crept the. uiiseejv destroyer . that had; sucked away the breath, the life of no 'less than five victims. ? ; -. :;?,-??--, ..; ,-,. ?.. 'From the Angel- chamber,, which.: had been \- originally intended as a luxurious ?bath- rppjn,;a ;|-ipe had been prepared, the ; other extremity of *. ?yp'hich had ^ vent m the sloping bank of the adjaV ujent bernetery, long since become one, mass of cor ' i ruptihg. human, clay. Thus, this , fatal conduit, ,1 itself -decayed, winding among ;; broken' vault? .and, mouldering mausoleums^1 gathered. ^uq , the ?:. -fioxious;, 'exhalations, andpourad them, into the goWen room. . By what atmospheric changes, or -.movements in the earth, the amount o£ miasma .?'i-.th'is transmitted was governed and modified, ,can not,pf. course be known;, but. that, the poison varied greatly in quantity and strength, was suf ficiently proved by the fact, .that attentip'n...-w.as ..never attracted to the vitiated atmosphere . of :the 'spacious and seemingly well- ventilated room,. '--'.'/' ? v- ''-The panel which concealed the mouth of-the pipe was' low down — exactly on a level with the faeadof one sleeping in the Angel-bed, arid pro -I&ably; distant from -it but. three or four feet; : rAn sdinost imperceptible crevice in ?; the thin panel rrjust have projected that baneful breath into the . jjleeper's face as certainly and, as it pr,oved,,as . fatally as the 'juice- of cursed Jiebenoiv'' dropped froraitlie. phial of the' Danish regicide. \ No mar vel that. the -end was rapid ! To', turn ..the face, to that wall was indeed.to bid adieu to life, its hopes, its troubles, and its cares. . 3\. '.' Those more remarkable symptoms I have had : to relate, can only lie referable to nervous tem perament, or to the mysterious trouble acting almost in the nature of disease, until disease Avas positively engendered. ; , :..'.v -? ' -When, on the previous night, Charles threw .upthe window, some slight odor eliminated from the burial-ground, connecting itself . with the ?loathsome sense from which he had just escaped, at oneexeyeT.1--;d'to him the latter's origin.*' .'. ,.'? 