ENGLISH THEATRICAL NEWS; Madame Grisi lias appeared horo in " Norma" the first ol a sorics of farowcll performances of which thoro nro to bo eight, in tlio course of which Bho will appear in « Otcllo," " Lucrezia jjorgia, lies iluguenota, u Don Giovanni,'' and " II Trovatoro." According to tho aunouncoment, theso are most positively to be her farewell performances, and tho lnst-occa- sions on wliioh sho will evor appear on tho stage in England, which for tlio sake of her reputation is to bo most Bincorcly wished : for should sho lingor. much' longer, bIio would bo drivon from tho boards by tho absoluto decay oi lior powers. . Tho same' season which will witness' tho retirement of Madatno Grisi will bo long memo rable in tlio annals of ouffltalian' stage 'as. that in which . . Mdllo. Patti made her debut before n European nudioricb. Unheralded by famo slib appeared for the first time as Amtna' in "La Sonnambula,'" and created a sonsation ns great as that created by Jonny Lind, and whioli , her, subsequent performances, .both ns .Amina .nnd Lucia do-.Lammermoor, liavo fully justified. The Lyceum.is to bo opened on tlie 8tii of Juno with tlio company which belongod last season to Her Majesty's, including Titiens, Alboni, and Giuglini. A : Mr. Wignn has brought his management of the St. Junios'a to a conclusion for tho sea son. since which'1 it lias been occupied by q French company.; -. N - , . At tho Olympic, - Miss Amy - Sedgwick ,has appeared as Lady, Teazle in the " School for Scandal." Robson is recovered from his, in: disposition. 1 j ' Mr'.' and Mrs. Bbureioault, having returned from, thoir tnur in Ireland, are again at ' the A-dolplii. All the ' nooks of tho house nro nightly , crowded, the returned absentees are welcomed with enthusiasm, tho , excitement .that lasted from September to March is renewed with alt its violence, and tho " Colleen Bdwn" proniiscs once more to fix the attention of the town. Everybody hns been to sco' it alrcady, aiid l'roin the present aspect of tho Adelphi we nmy infer that everybody intends to see it agnin. " The Turkish Bath" is the linmo of n new farce at tliis house. Messrs. Toolo and Paul Bedford aro supposed to' bo a pair of ad venturers, who don an Oriental garb and open h Turkish jbnth iii great style, but are much -horrified when they find renson to believe- that they have suffocated or boiled to death two of their, .customers- -Their fears ore, .of.. course, dispelled by -a (timely explanation. Much mirth is qxeitod by this little pioeo,' which is froih the pen of Messrs. Montagu Williams aud 1 Buvnard. '. ! Astloy)s was . reopened on Wliit-Moiiday;- u'nder a new management ; on this occasion a yo'uiig aspirant for equestrian celebrity (Muster ;Adolphus Born) mado his, first appeuronco in England,. , Tho second . annual benefit in aid qf. the funds of,, the. Royal Dramatic Collcgo to. k .place, si few nights., ag'o.'at the Royal - Italian Opera, , Covont-garden. 'Tlio' zealous interest , wliioh the 'public takes in tho welfare of this cxeellont institution was tested by tlio state of tho house, the theatre being crowded to excess in evory part-. Th'e_ entertainments, consisting ns they did of selections from tragedy, comedv, opera, melodrama; and farce; were 'necessarily of 'a very heterogeneous character, and afforded conclusive evidenco 'of- -tho anxiety 'of ' tlii council to suit the tastes of all comers, and of tlio readiness of tho profession at largo to seooud their efforts.': -Indeetl, tlie playbill' was quite a-euriositv in- its' way, and deserves to be pieced , on record for the enlightenment of some future; compiler of- theatrical, liotes-and querie3 --p-r . , , - . - ; i 1 . . ." Overture to 'Lit Guzza Ladru' j ."Scenes. from .'As You Like , It' — The -Puke, -..Mr. Stuart;. -Tuques, Mr. , Creswick ; 'Orlando, Mr. Henry . Maralon,;. Touchstone; Mr. Keeley ; A'darn, Mr. Chippendale ; Ami'eiis (with the song of 'Blow, blow, thou, wintry . wind "), Miss Rebecca Isaao3 j Rosalind) Miss Wqolgar (Mrs. Alfred Mellon); Celiu,' Miss Maria Simpson ; Audry, Mrs. Keeley. 1 I " Overture to ' Dor Froischutz.' : i " The second act of ' Hamlet ' — Claudius Mr. Belford ; Hamlet, Mr. Fcehter; Guildon'- stern, Mr." Moreland ; Rosencruntz,- Mr. R Onthca'rt ; Gertrude, Miss Elsworthy Ophelia) Miss Kathorino Hiekson.- , , '.' Overture to,' Minnesinger,' conducted by tlio composer, M. Jules Benediot. ; i . Throo scenes from 1 Luke .the ; Labourer; or, tlio Sailor's Return ' — Philip (ins original character), Mr. T.'P. Cooko; Bobby Trot, Mr. H. Lewis ; Luke, Mr. Raymond j Sqir.ro, Mr. Moreland ) Charles, Mr.' R. Catlicart ; Clani,. 'Miss Rosina' Ranoo ;' Jenny, Miss Kate Kelly. "Overture- to 'Luriine,' conducted' by tlio' 1 ' composer, Mr. Vincent Wallnce. "After which; ' Past and Present- ' — A dia- loguohetweon the Ghost ' of Anno Bracegirdle and Miss Tiinlia, 1861, kindly written for. tlie' occasion by -Mr. Tom Taylor— Anne Braoc- girdlo's Ghost, Mrs. Stirling ; Miss Tlialia, Miss Fanny Stirling. ; ... .. 1 " The Vocal Association, of 200 voices, to . sitig ' Sleep, , gentle lady.' Madamo ' Siiinton- Dolby. to , sing 'The, Skipper and his.Bov,'- composod by V. Gabriel. ' God Save tlie Queen.' Conducted by M. Jules Benedict, i > "Tho last act of 'The Rivals '—Sir Anthony Absolute, . Mr. Frank' Matthews ; ' Captain Absolute, Mr. Billington ; Falkland, Mr) , J. G. Shore ; Aot'es, Mr. Buokstone ; Sir 'Lucius D'Triggor, Mr. David Fisher ; David, Mr. Clarke ; Mrs.' Maluprop, Mrs. Frank Mat1 thews ; 'Lydia Languish, Mrs. Charles Voting ;' Julia, Mrs. Billington. . . "Tho fourth act- of tho second part 'of 'Henry IV.'— Henry IV., King of England, Mr. Phelps ; Henry, Prince of Wales, Mr. . Edmund Phelps; Prince, Mr. J. G. Wartio First Page, Miss Footo; Eord Oliief Justice. Mr. .C. H. Stophenson ; Earl of "Westmore land, Mr. Chapman. j " A Scene from ' The First Night .'—Achillo Talma Dufiird, Mr. Alfred Wigan ; Mr.' Par nil '3Us, Mr. G. Belmore;1 Mr. Vamp, Mr.lF Charles; Rose, Miss Oeston; ' ' " i ' " Overture to ' Zampii.' ' " Four Scenes from 'The Willow Copsoi'— 'Luko Fielding, Mr. B. Webster ; Sir Richard Vaughan, Mr. Billington; Augustus j do Roshoivillo, Mr. ,J. L. Toolo; Staggers, Mr. Puul Bedford:; Hulks, Mr. David Fisher ; Colonel - Vanguard, Mr. Stuart; Meg, Miss Woolgar (Mrs. Alfred Mellon) ; Roso Fielding,. Miss H. Suums ; Lady Apslcy, Mrs. Chatter- ley ; . Lucy Vanguard,' Miss Laidlaw ; Miss Gcorginn' Apsloy, Miss Footo; Miss Apsloy Miss Hayinau." Plentiful as was the fare thus provided for tlio nudio'neo) it did riot' comprise till tlih't was originally iritended to havo boon sot boforo them) circumstauces having prevented Mr. Rbbsori and Mr. Balfo from being present. Notwithstanding : the extrcmo long 111-' of , tlie performances, tho eutertninmonts passed1 off with great eclat, nnd afforded hearty satisfaction to the audience, who wero very liberal of their .' applause. Especial hqnours wero bestowed upori thoso artists who, 110 longer actively engaged in the prnotico. of their art, emerged fvpm their retirement to, give a practical proof of.tho interest they felt in the occasion. Of .this niiriibdr wore Mr. and Mrs. Keeley, who experienced a. most cntliusinstic reception ; mud 'Mr. 'T.'P. Cooke, who re-ontrco when; with his naval medals still glittering on 'his breast, lio came bounding on tho stage with- that' sprue'cnesB of aspect and nautical gniety 'of manlier1 which even now he knows so well how to assume,, was the signal for' as rapturous an outburst of> popular enthusiasm as evor- glad dened tho heart of a - veteran actor. ;Mr. Fechtor, who nctod particularly well, was yory (cordially received; ns also -were Messrs. Jules -Benodict,- Vincent .Wallace, Buokstone, Webster, .Wigan, Pliclps, Creswick, and tlio other distinguished, members of the various, dramatic companies in Loudon who gave their services. oii'tho.occasinn. , ' ,s! The projected Leeds musical festival for 1801\. has, been abandoned,, a resolution to this, i .qfi'eqt having been passed- at a speoial riiebting of the .committee.) ) ' 'Aij.iUib dra>ringrb6mpf'th'o'.19tli'bf June, wo .ll'nderstand . all married ladies' and matrons .woiild be exppbted to wear blaok, tlio only np- p'rop'riafb ' jewellery being diamonds. Voting , ladies on their presentation' were' to 'wear yrliite' dreasee, .!' c-'i t. 4 « i 