GERMAN LUTHERAN EVANGELICAL NEW CHtTECH. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the chapel in Piric-strcct in connection with the German Lutlicran Evangelical community took place on Thursday, December 25. At' 3 o'clock about 130 or 200 persons were in attendance, including several members of English denomina tions, and shortly after that hour the proceedings commenced-by the 'singing of the hymn com mencing "Kommther inr Christen roller frend," after which Mr. Uechteb engaged in prayer in the German language. The Rev. Christian JIaschmjdt next read the Slth Psalm. Mr. Gaedbcbens then laid the stone, saying— " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place the founaa tion-stonc of the Evangelic Lutheran Church, in the name of God the .Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." He then addicssed a fen words in the German language to the assembly. He afterwards spoke in English, and said thev had i'ust laid the foundation-stone of a new chapel, and le hoped and trusted that, with the help or the Almighty, the work just begun would be brought to a,successful end in a very short time. There were many present who had subscribed towards the erection of the building, and he had no doubt that many others would when applied to. He hoped to sec the work soon finished, andalso even to see not only Germans, but also their English brethren worshipping there. He trusted also that die building of that- church would be the means of bringing the Germans to worship there, and thus to strengthen the ties of brotherhood. The Rev. Mr. Keek*, Bible Christian minister, was called upon to speak. He referred to the fact of the German Lutheran body having worshipped in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, for many years, and expressed die pleasure he ex perienced in seeing that they had tliat day commcnccd a buibling for themselves. He thought the doctrines held by this church were die same as those of the English churches; and he expe rienced no little pleasure in being able to show liis sympathy with those who spoke another language, but* who were pressing forward to the same country, and who worshipped the same God. He thought it was a matter of great consolation and of no little congratulation to know that their German friends could build as many chapels as they pleased in this land without any fear of molestation. With regard to the building of die church, he was not prepared to say what would he the result of the erection; but if only one soul were brought to Christ by the means of that church it would be a subject for congratulation. He concluded by urging them to make an eilbrt, and open the eliapel free of debt. The Rev. Mr. Maschmiut then spoke in Ger man. He referred to the many difficulties tlicy had had to contend with, and thanked their Eng lish brethren for granting them accommodation to worship God. He also thanked God for permitting tliem to build a chapel on their own freehold land, and exhorted all those who were not in the haliit of attending the means of grace to do so; and he hoped that that church would be the spiritual birthplace of many souls. The "Te Deum" was then sung, prayer was ofi'cred up, a collection was made, and the company dispersed. In the bottle placed under the stone there were enclosed copies of the daily papers and the follow ing address written in German :— "This German Lutheran Community was founded in the year 1817 by the late Rev. Friedrich Barchelt. After having for nine years devotedly filled his office, he died 2Stli August, 1850. As his successor, Johann Christian Ma=c!nuidt was ap pointed 2nd June, 1857. The foundation-stone was laid by Mr. A. Gaedechens on the 20th De cember, 1S01. The clergyman of this community is Joiiaun Christian Maschniidt. The Church wardens are Messrs. Conrad Beelitel ami George Grosse. The Trustees are Messrs. Heinrieli Greg niann, August Barge! t, Wilhehu Bruggeman, Wilhelm llresser, David Diedricli, George Klem laud, tlcorge Grosse, Christian Alaschwid, and Conrad Bechtel. Tiic church was built by Messrs. J. Baur b: Chamnswood." THE TEA MEETING. In the afternoon there was a tea meeting in Puitcney-streei Schoolroom, after which there Was a public meeting, which was presided over by Sir. James Scott. The Chairman, after a hymn had been sung, called upon Mr. Bechtel (Churchwarden! to oll'cr a prayer. He then stated that he was placed at a great disadvantage in being called upon to preside over a meeting, the majority of whom were but partially acquainted with his language, while he was altogether unacquainted with their language. He felt that this disadvantage kept many Christians from a knowledge of the numbers and condition of tiic Evangelical Lutheran Church. Still he was satisfied^ from liis own enquiries, that tliey were a true branch of Christ's Church. The name of Luther carried a claim ill the veneration of ever}' Protestant, and their prefix Evangelical was a still further claim ou the confidence of all true Christians. This was a time when it was not meet to stand apart because of slight denominational distinctions. There was too much soul-destroying error abroad to warrant any want of union among those who served God in spirit and in truth. He believed it was admitted that up to this time there had been insufficient church accommodation for the members of the German Evangelical Lutheran Church; hut lie hoped the work began that day would be the commencement of a new era, when tliey would not only have greater church accommodation, hut increased dispositions to avail themselves of all the spiritual advantages afforded to tliem. Mr. Gaedechess then addressed the meeting on the part of the Committee, giving a statement first in German and afterwards in English, to the following effect:—The church of which the founda tion-stone had been laid that day was intended to he 3S feet long and 2(i feet wide: tiie total cost was to be £453 '.Is. The Committee had taken care to he as economical as possible, and therefore were unable to provide for any ornamentation. They were content to meet necessary requirements, and to leave the beautifying of the building to the future. The land upon which the church was to be built cost £100; the erection of the building and com Cletionof its. interior would cost £350. There had cen £330 already collected, and both English and I German friends had come forward in the most handsome manner. He believed thev were equally pleased at the progress of the work upon which tliey were engaged. He hoped that when their church was completed tliey would have generally as large an attendance as lie had the gratifica tion of seeing that morning. He believed that the Committee would spare neither time nor exertion to secure the advantage of and give satisfaction to the community. (Applause.) He hoped also that meetings of that description would be more frequent, that their English friends miglit become better acquainted with what was doing by their brethren of the German Church. They were ail South Australians, and as such should join to do as much j gooil as their means would allow. The ltcv. Mr. Maschmiut, pastor of the con gregation, addressed the meeting in German. The ltcv. Mr. S. Keen regretted that their fore fathers had been led to commence a tower which ( thev were not allowed to complete. To that lie j might perhaps ascribe his annoyance at not being able to understand what he had no doubt was a very excellent speech. Thev were all, however— English and Germans—children of one Father, and tiic hitter, at least, were acquainted to some extent with English, and therefore they would he able to understand the addresses of their English friends. The work begun that day ought to have been com menced years ago. An unlettered hut sincere Christian once sung— ""Twas late before I did begin To seek to live for ever; But now I'll run fast as I can— 'Tis better late than never." So, he said, it was better to have laid the foundation stone of their cliurcli that day than to have further delayed a work which they ought to have com menced long ago. He dwelt upon the similarity of the Lutheran doctrine, "justification by faith," to the doctrine which the Bible Christians con sidered most important, and he hoped the wor shippers in tliat church would spare no exertion to evangelize all their Protestant brethren. Tiie amount wanting in their estimate, he said, was so small tliat lie fully believed they would have their church free from debt by Easter. The Rev. J. Gardner apologized for his want of knowledge of-tin! Gorman language, hut said lie was much struck with the deep attention paid to the address of their pastor—an attention which the undoubted eloquence and sound and striking peculiarities of Mr. Keen's style failed to com mand. He would be inost liappy if he could get a good instructor to attempt to master the German language: and unless it did what no other language had yet done—prove too much for him— he would, when he attained the necessary fluency. lie most happy to address them frequently. He congratulated tl ..... them on tliat day's proceedings, and prayed that when the building was completed it would he dedicated to and preserved for the preach ing of the Gospel in its purity and simplicity. Mr. Bechtel addresseJ the meeting in German, a collection was made, and the proceedings closed with prayer and praise. School Examination at Bow-den.— Wc are informed that the annual examination of the Bowdcn School, conducted by Mr. and Mrs. Lawton. took place on Friday. December 20. Aniongtlie visitors-were the Rev. J. B. Watcrliouse, Mr. T. Magarey, M.P.. Dr. and Mrs. Mortimer, Messrs. G. ami Thos. Beale, J. R. Rundlc, King, Leslie, and T. Burgan, and upwards of 50 parents and friends of the pupils. Mr. King, of the Port Commercial School, took the chair oil the occasion, and read letters of apology for absence from the Rev. W. Wilson, Rev. IV. Brown, and Mr. Owen, M.P. The children were examined in Scripture by tiic Rev. J. B. Watcrhousc; in astronomy, animal anatomy, and physiology by the Chairman; in grammar and geography by Mr. Burgan; in vegetable anatomy and physiology by Mr. Leslie; and in aritlimcticand history by Mr. Lawton. The Rev. J. B. Wateriiouse and Hie other examiners expressed themselves highly pleased at the answers* given: and Air. T. Alacarev. M.P.. said the cxarai nation did great credit both to the teachers and to the taught. Several pieces were then recited, and the meeting was enlivened by several school songs, which were creditably sung. Several specimens of plain and ornamental needlework proved that care had been taken by Mrs. Lawton in this depart ment. Some drawings were spoken highly of. as were also the specimens' of writing of both sexes. Totes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman, the examiners, and the visitors, and the children were then regaled with tea and cake. South Australian Pupils in England. —To parents and others who are interested in the progress of education in this colony, it may be satisfactory to leant that a pupil of the Collegiate . School, H. A. Short (son of the Bishop of Ade laide), passed the examination necessary for en trance at Christcliuich, Oxford, on the 36th Octo ber. There were fourteen candidates, two of whom were rejected. The examination comprised the first six books of the Iliad and A£ncid^9ransIation from English into Latin. A paper also in Deci mals was given: and probably, but we cannot say for certain, other portions of arithmetic. The Dean's name. Dr. Liddell—well known through the valuable Greek lexicon, which, in conjunction with the present Master of Baliol College, he com piled many years ago—as well as the rejection of one in seven of the candidates,, arc sufficient guarantees that the examination was not merely pro forma. It is thus incontestable proved by the cases of Stuckey and Short that the standard of our education, arid the system of instruction at present existing in the colony, are sufficaent3 at least, to prepare boysfor the Engiisli Universities of Oxford ana-Cambridge. : Accident. —OnMon day evening, about 9 o'clock, Mrs. Adams, wife of .Mr: Adams, auc tioneer, Ruudle-streefc, fell down in the gutter near Watcrhouse'scoraer and broke Iier leg. She was [immediately taken" b? 'two gentlemen into Mr. Ggyerta^ispcnsaiy.- where~shc was .firstseen by Dr. Woodfordc and .subsequently by Dr. Gosse, who set the fractured limb-She was then'removed borne hi a carriage, the pain being considerably allayed. 