©ail §0rtfali0. BARCELONA. fn a description of Barcelona, the pig should on no account be left out Young Spanish pig is a wonderful favourite, and the great pig-Jailing' festival causes general excitement. Pigs are the lions of Barcelona on this particular occasion. There is an esplanade specially devoted to this solemn sacrifice—it may l>e half an acre or more, and thither, on the appointed morning the pigs—nil black, a white one would look like a ghost among them—are driven, by tens and fifties, to their fate. There, in the streets of Barcelona, do you meet these droves of pigs, pigs from all parts, driven by picturesque-looking pigdrivers that Murillo might have painted, pigs and all. You may meet pigs in the streets of Barcelona on other occasions. Very often is a pig the subject of a raffle. He walks over the course to show his points, he is escorted with a drum and life, and his tail is tied up with ribbons. All men give way to him. He is the hog of the walk. He is the biggest, fattest animal (his oiraer says so) ever put up in a raffle, or ever won in a lottery. He is a nut-fed pig, with the flavour of acorns sweetly in him. Who would not pay down his paesta for the chance of the whole hog ? But apart from the fact that pigs are always to be found in the streets of Barcelona ; that they are held in peculiar esteem, and with horses, cattle, &c.;, are duly blessed on the lTtli of January—apart from all this is the fact that pig's flesh is the only meat in the Peninsula which has any juice in it. A leg of mutton is not to he found, a joint of beef is like a joist of timber. You must eat the abomination of the faithful if you have any intention of staying in Spain. The choice is simple—that or nothing—and the first is preferable to the last in the estimation of most travellers. Another thing to he home in mind is that the soul and relish of everything is garlic. Garlic is in every dish; its scent is in every room, it tickles your olfactory organs everywhere ; so that to become accustomed to the smell of garlic, and to eat pork with an appetite, are essential to your happiness at Barcelona. These things are not to be guarded against. You must submit to them. You can't help it. There are some things you can help. For instance, you need not ride in a Barcelona cab. Strictly speaking, these conveyances are two-wheeled carts, with a leather cover to keep off the sun and rain, and ail entrance from behind like an omnibus. Sometimes they are drawn by a horse, gpjjerally by mules, and they rattle along at a smart pace, rather too smartly for a foreigner. For the carriage being well nigh destitute of springs, nnd the roads apparently having never been mended since the days of the Moors, the passenger is most unmercifully jolted. Speaking of the coach stand at Barcelona, a recent visitor says:— " There are so many carriages on the station that the drivers of them, besides furnishing a certain quota to sleep on their coach-boxes, and another to watch at the gate for passengers, lie about in such numbers as to cover half an acre of greensward. There they play at cards for coppers. They squeeze a bottle together or peel an onion. With sunlight and a paper cigar they seem perfectly happy. Every one takes care to be ready for business when his turn comes, but until that time he is as independent as a beggar. The sunny day is never too long for him. If without work, he talks and sings. He cracks his whip. He trades his horses. The sod is soft to his back; and with his bright eyes, he can even look the noon-day sun in tile face without winking. Curling himself up in his faithful cloak, he sleeps the hours away, if he happens to be an old stager; or wrapping it cavalierly around him, in case he is one of the youngsters, he plays the gallant to the damsels who pass the gate. He may not earn as much money as his brother of Paris or London, but, surely, his is no harder lot. He does not wear out either himself or his beast with too mnch work." It is evident that the drivers are better off than the passengers—they are used to the jolting and don't mind it, but it is another matter with a foreigner. In the summer time the dust is wheel-rim deep; in the winter the dust is turned into mud—and dashing wildly through either dust or mud is not agreeable. By the way, the winter at Barcelona is of the shortest Old Winter, hurrying to the northern climes, just stops a fortnight and no longer, scatters a few snow-flakes once in a quarter of a century, and is off again, leaving Barcelona to perpetual sunshine for the rest of the year. And now, before we take our leave of Barcelona, suppose'we saunter through the streets once more, and . take a last look from the Murolla del Mar. In the Rambla we notice the principal hotels, the theatres, die cafes, the post- office, the librair, the clubs) the reading-rooms, and the fruit and flowermarkets. Here we again notice the whitewasher in bis picturesque gambote; there the -Catalonian peasantry decked in velvet, and all covered with tags and tassels; here again our heart is set on ore by the fair promenaders, whose humble devotees and slaves we are for -the time, j But we pass the gate, and'leave ithe town behind us. Here, after crossing the drawbridge^ we find ourselves on the promenade of the Muralla deTierra, a broad belt of green lying between the walls and the s open country. This promenade encircles die city on all sides excepting that which looks towards, the sea.; ana, as the sun shines out, upon It from a cloudless sky, turning to diamonds" the dew-drops hanging in tfie ^Tass, . and to gold die broad fields of waving wheat beyond, there are few fairer prospects; to be eeen from the Pyrenees to Gibraltar. Shall wegoto Gracio, to Monjuich, to the Cemen- Jirio, to the gardens of St Beltran, ; to the fountains of Trobado ? or shall we sot rather 1 —it being a holiday—make the best of our • way to the Muralla del Mar, and pay our last respects to the beauty and fashion of Barcelona ? Certainly; and here we are amid as gay a scene as was ever lighted by Catalonian sunshine. Now or never must your Spanish conquest be achieved. Throw your cloak gracefully over your shoulder; you have received the last touch and finish of Figaro': curling-irons; give your moustache one more tirist, and you war pass for one of the mtsolros, that is to say, of ourselves, the Spaniards. The prospect commanded by the Muralla del Mar is exceedingly picturesque. The gorgeous scene reminds us of one of the best effects of Turner. Look at it in the early morning. Out at sea, the horizon is a blaze of sunlight; in the harbour the ships have unfurled their sails to dry in the sun; in all directions, the white, brown, and purple canvas is vividly in relief on the blue of the reposing waves. Directly before you is moored a large ship from the Levant, the sailors of which are climirng the shrouds in their picturesque but unsailor-like costumenear the landing-place a goodly number of red-capped boatmen are lying upon their oars, idling away in unconscious delight the sunny hours; porters in cool linen are piling high upon the wharf the yellow wheat from the Ebro; and boys wading for mussels about the rocks on the shore. Lean over the railing of the Muralla, and gaze long at this beautiful seascene, where the sailor, no longer tempesttost, or drifting upon a rock-hound shore, is lying safely at anchor in a peaceful haven, and pouring out in iaugh and song the natural gaiety of a heart at ease. 'Tis best to have your last remembrance of any place you visit a happy one; and to have this, 'tis well to take your last view—save and except your compulsory view on starting— from the best point. For this no place is better than the Muralla del Mar. On the one hand is as fair a sea view as the eye ever beheld; on the other, the gaiety, bustle, and excitement of a fashionable promenade. So here we present a bouquet for the last time to the ladies, cast our last mite to the lazy beggar in the sun, and, with a pleasant recollection of the old town, bid farewell to Barcelona. 