HOME CORRESPONDENCE. [From our Loudon Correspondent. J London, Febuary 26. The December mail from Australia, Tin Southampton, arrived on the IStli instant, overland mail preceding it by the usual time. The Queen opened Parliament on the 5th inst., in a'speech exactly adapted to the listless indifference of the public in looking forward to the event. Home affairs are dispatched in a couple of sentences—one containing the usual formula'about the Estimates ; the other pro mising measures for consolidating the criminal law, improving the law of bankruptcy, ren dering easy the transfer of land, and for estab lishing a reform system of voting, bnt not for the. relorm of the representation. The rest of the speech Telatcs to Italy, Syria, China, India, New Zealand, the American disruption, the Prince of Wales's visit to Canada, and the French treaty. There is not a scrap of news under these heads, but the references to foreign Powers, and to the military occupation of Syria, have been thought to betoken a lack of confidence in the future in our Fereign Office. Her Majesty trusts that " the moderation of the Powers of Europe will pre- vent any interruption of the general peace, while she sets out the exact nature of the agree- ment entered into in respect to the French occupation of Syria with a distinctness which looks as though it were intended as a reminder for the other side of the Channel. In the debates on the address, Lord Derby proved himself by his speech to be quite con- valescent—vigorously censuring Lord John Russell for his last Sardinian despatch, and the King of Sardinia for his invasion of Naples, and demanding of the Government whether they had that confidence in the pacific intentions of the French Emperor which would justify them in stopping that growth of our armaments which were loading the country with intolerable taxation. To this appeal Earl Granville replied in very guarded terms:—"He had no hesitation in saying that our relations with France were founded on those principles which he thought ought to govern those who administered the affairs of a great country— that they were founded neither on a blind dis- trust nor a blind confidence—that the belief of the Government was that when France and England acted cordially together they must act for the general good of Europe—that it would be very difficult for them to act in concert without acting for Europe's good, and that if they did not act for the good of Europe they would not be acting in concert, but would be taking one side or the other. The Government were too glad to increase the friendly relations between the two countries." In the Commons the interest of the discus- sion centred on the Reform question, and the disgust of the Radicals found vent in an amendment and a division, intended to compel the Ministry to redeem their pledge to intro- duce a Bill extending the franchise, on the strength of which they came into office. Lord John Russell fairly threw the subject over board ; saying that if the country had been dissatisfied with the treatment of the subject last session it would nave shown it by indig nation meetings," but it was quite dead on the subject. And then, instead of shedding tears over. that fact, as Mr. Bright reminded him that he had last session, he proceeded to say that if the country was so well satisfied with the Bill of 1832 as not to wish to have it altered, he at least ought not to be mortified at the fact. Mr. Bright severely commented on the "jocularity" of the noble Lord, which, he said, was " absolutely contemptuous to those who placed him in that Tery seat that he might advocate this very question." Mr. White's amendment was, of course, re jected (by 129 to 46); but the fact that it was moved and pressed shows that a schism has commenced between the Ministry and the Independent Liberals with whom they Joined hands on coming into power. The cfi'cct of this has already been seen in the defeat of the Ministry, even thus early, on a financial ques tion ; Mr. Hibbard having carried by a small majority a motion for a Committee of enquiry into the operation of Schedule D under the income-tax, avowedly with a view to taxing incomes arising from property and from busi- ness on a different basis. Indeed I have heard from the lips of some of the Radical members sentiments which indicate that they do not now care how soon the Min stry are ousted—a fact sure to tell before long upon the tactics of Her Majesty's Opposition, now reinforced by electoral gains at Leicester, South. Wilts, Boston, Cork, and other places. And, after all, the reform question is neither buried nor dead ; or, if it be, its ghost walks the earth. Mr. Baines has brought in a Bill reducing the borough franchise to £6, and Mr. Locke King his old measure for admitting county occupiers to the franchise. Curiosity was excited as to the attitude which the Government would assume, and the scene was lively enough. Lord Palmerston, in his off- handed way, said that the Government would not oppose the introduction of the measures, but they would certainly give no facilities for their passage ; so they must take their chance. Indeed, his manner showed clearly enough his determination to break finally with the reformers. Mr. Disraeli was—what he has not been for a long time—quite smart, asking what hope there was that "the hucksters" could do anything with reform, when "the great firm" have failed in the matter? There are also other electoral questions coming up, as Corrupt Practices at Election Bill and the Ballot motion, which will yet further discover who are, and who ere not, in earnest about reform. Even the Government have been obliged to bring in a little Beform Bill, viz., one distributing the seats forfeited by St. Albans and Sudbury. These it is proposed to give to South Lancashire, the West Riding, Birkenhead, and Chelsea and Kensington—one seat each. The Bill will probably pass, as it has been read a second time—amid the jibes of the Radicals ; and the issue will, it is likely, be that the Liberals and their opponents will divide the four seats between them. Ecclesiastical questions will this session excite the liveliest interest out of the House, and occasion most discussion in it. The first great battle on Church rates is to be fought to-morrow, and it is by no means improbable that the tremendous efforts of the Opposition may secure the rejection of Sir J. Trelawny's Bill. What will follow that it is not easy to predict, though undoubtedly the Dissenting body will be excited to an extraordinary degree. The Abolitionists have just held a Conference in London, at which nearly 800 persons were present, most of them from the country, and representing 330 places. They have also commenced a fund of £3,000 to carry on the war. There are, besides, discus- sions yet to come on Church Rate Bills brought in by the Duke of Marlborough, Mr. Hubbard, Mr. Alcock, and Lord A. Churchill. The deceased wife's sister question has also come up again; and there are Bills permitting Dissenting ministers to officiate in church- yards, and Dissenters to act as trustees of endowed charities; and also abolishing the Municipal declaration taken for the protection of the Church establishment. That the Government mean to carry their Bankruptcy Bill this year is proved by the promptitude with which it has been brought in, and the fact that it has not only been read a second time, but has made considerable pro- gress in Committee. It is, however, a less ambitious measure than that of last year, being | an amendment and not a codification of the existing laws. The main difference between the two Bills is io the reconstruction of the official machinery, the leading principles of the first Bill being retained in the second. Thus far Sir Bichard Bethell has kept his temper admirably, though, to be sure, it has not been much tried yet. The memorial to Lord Palmers ton for a re duction of expenditure, to which I referred in my last, was signed by fiO M.P.'s, who, accord ing to one journalist, have been snubbed by His Lordship " with perfect suavity and de corum." He agrees with them as to the value of a due regard for economy, and says it will be the duty of the responsible advisers of the Crown to propose such estimates as may ap pear to be required for the security of the State, and to obtain tue approval 01 x-arnameni. and the country. The Army and Nary Esti mates, already* brought in, can hardly be re garded as the first fruits of this effort in the cause of economy, for the former show a reduc- i tioh of but £185,995, and the latter of £806,625 —the two amounting to more than twenty-six millions and a linlfi Mr. Gladstone, however, is about to effect a earing in a small way, by altering the remuneration received by the Bank for managing the debt of the country. It now receives about £250,000 a year, and the new rate will bo £50,000 less—a reduction to which the Bank submits, on the condition that there is to bo no farther disturbance of the ma nagement for 25 years. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has introduced another measure, which is of a social as well as of a financial character, viz., the conversion ot all ine money Order-Offices into Savings Banks for small sums. The idea is a happy one; but doubts are entertained whether the Post-Office people will not break down under the weight of this addition to their duties. Sir Charles "Wood is actually basking in a momentary ray of sunshine, he being able to report that nearly twice as much as Mr. Wilson had expected was saved last year in the Indian expenditure; £6,800,000 being saved in two years. He has also succeeded in ob- taining a new loan on very favourable terms, the amount being borrowed above his minimum, and four times as much as he wanted being offered. It is required to balance accounts, and for railways and other reproductive works. The French Emperor addressed his Parlia- ment the day before the delivery of our own royal speech. This year he appears to have had no desire to create a sensation, and so the speech is comparatively tame. It alludes at length to the recent Constitutional alterations, and emphatically urges attention to the in ternal improvement of France. As to foreign affairs, His Majesty declared that France does not " pretend to interfere anywhere where her interests arc not at stake. His firm determina tion is not to enter on nny conflict where the cause of France is not based on right and justice," and, with a glance, it may be pre sumed, at English alarmists be asserts that " the first virtue in a people is to hare confi dence in itself, and not to allow ilselt to be ! moved by i-inginaiv alarms." Two passages read very oddly, following each other, as they do. Iu one he says he thought it necessary to augment the Soman garrison in support of the Pope, while he had withdrawn his fleet from Gneta, because " the presence of our ships obliged us to infringe every day that principle of neutrality which I had proclaimed, and gave room for erroneous interpretationsadding, with curious candour, " Indeed, you know that in politics people do not believe in purely dis- : interested acts." In France the speech has not given satisfaction, because of the absence of allusions to Foreign Powers; while here the ambiguous character of several portions of it has been remarked upon, as indicating the in decision which appears to characterize the pre sent policy of the Emperor. Paris gossips have, however, been a good ileal in or-.- interested in the trial of the Bma parie-Pjierson case than in the contents of the imperial address, the Court, having been con stantly crowded to excess. The decision has gone against Madame Elizabeth Paterson and Jerome Bonaparte, her boh, who are condemned in costs. By a curious coincidence, at the same time, an alleged daughter of the Duke of Cum berland has taken the first step to prove her legitimacy. . Mrs. Lavinia Jnnetta Norton Byscs lias been thus far more fortunate than the French claimants. She has proved her legitimate descent from Olive ana Thomas Serrcs, but has now to prove that Olive Serres was the legitimate daughter of the Duke. Apparently the French press has not gained much by Count fersigny's promised measures of relief. The Paris editors hare been told that they will not be allowed to provide their own reports of the proceedings of the Legisla ture, but that tbcy will be supplied with oliicial summaries of the speeches. They may discuss the speeches, provided it be " with fairness and without personalities but then the Govern ment is to decide what is fdir and what is foul. A practical commentary on the recent decree has also been furnished by the " warning" given to the Courier da Dimanchet and the expulsion of the editor from France—he being a foreigner—for an article which seems harm less to Enclieh readers. " The seige of Gaeta" no longer appears in the daily telegrams, for the place has at length fallen. Xbo King had given renewed as surance of his determination to fight to the last, and had even issued an address to his lata subjects fuU.of promises for the future, but the fire of the Cavalli cannon became so "mar vellous," and some explosions of gunpowder inflicted so much damage, that the dreaded hour could no longer be averted. The first sign of distress was the request for an armis tice (February 6) of 48 hours, on the part of the garrison, to bury their dead. Then a prolongation for twelve boura was asked for, and was granted ; General Cialdini offering to take charge of 400 of their sick, and sending them medical necessaries. On the 9th, the explosion of a magazine not only buried a General and 50 men, bat opened a breach at. the extremity of the fortifications facing the sea, and a violent bombardment followed. Then came a demand for another armistice— this time for fifteen days—and in order to ne gotiate for a surrender; but the Sardinian General refused it, though he expressed his willingness to negotiate. The capitulation quickly followed, and 11,000 troops became prisoners, and between 700 and 800 cannons and 60,000 muskets fjdl into the bands of the Sardinians. The Eing and his family left in a French ship fur Home, where he still remains, his ultimate destination being Bavaria. The place suffered dreadfully, and the inmates also, from the explosions; end typhus lever also had broken out. There have been, very natu rally, great rejoicings at Milan—where Victor £ nmanuel was at the time—and other places; but General Cialdini'e order of the day is a model of moderation, concluding thus— " Death throws a sad veil over all human quarrels. The dead ire all equal. Be gene rous towards the vanquished. Your hatred cannot last. As a soldier, Victor Emmanuel fights and forgives." Messina will be the next object of attack, unlesB it be surrendered without a struggle. Admiral Fersano his already arrived there to summon the citadel to surrender,' and if there : bo a refusal General Cialdini will join him. In Italy the great fact of the month has been the assembling for the first , time of the. Italian Parliament* As was expected, the Mazzini party were completely beaten at the elect ions, and tic Government have a large majority. The Eing has addreseedhis Parlia .xnent,. but not in any very new or striking terms; and arrangements .are now making for getting the Parliamentary machinery into working order. A project of law for proclaim ing Victor Emmanuel King of Italy has been prepared, and the Senate wonld have adopted it at once by scclamation, but,at the- sugges tion of the vPresident, it was resolved to wait xmtiL the whole senatorial body had been oom* plfted, there being some informal elections and otk'jr temporary difficulties. ' The reaction any movements in Jlhe Soman States .have ! been checked,, though not sap pressed. At Cortes, on tbe25thtut., the Pon rifical Zouaves attacked the Sardinian volun teers and- were beaten, and tbe Piedmontese force has since been reinforced. They have dispersed the royalists, who had taken refuse in the convent of Casa Mali, and set fine to the convent. In Borne demonstrations and dis turbances have become quite common, and the Italian party grow bolder and bolder.. What wonder, when the abirrf of all parte of Italy are collected at Borne and are supported by the Pope'; and when tbe French Emperor has put out through M. de Laguerromere another anti-Papal pamphlet, which sounds like tbe knell of the temporal power of the Pope ? This work—entitled 11 France, Borne, and Italy"— lays all the danger, at his door for rejecting French advice, which has " never been wanting in respect and devotion." It states that " the temporal power of the Pope is actually going i through a crisis, the importance and dinger of which "cannot be disavowed," and while pro tection is still promised, " spiritual dominion" is held forth as that alone which should mbet the aspirations of Bis Holiness. Of cojirae the pamphlet haB excited a Bcnsation in Paris. If the tendencies of Prussia's sew King be, as is supposed, absolutist and warlike,' he has received a salutary check at starting; for the Prussian Chamber of Deputies has,. after six hours' debate, carried by 159 to 148 votes an amendment of M. .Yon Yineke" That we do not consider it to be either in.fhe interest of Prussia or in the interest of Germany to place obstacles in the way of the consolidation of the unity of Italy." The importance of .this vote may be judged from-the fact that tbe Ministry at once resigned their seats, though the Sing refused to accept the resignations, and the Government journals at V lenna express great indignation, and' connect the event with a design to exalt Prussia to the headship of'a German empire. * Austrian prospects do not improve jn respect to Hungary; that is apparent from the fact that martial law is likely to be proclaimed in that country; and while all the Hungarian troops are being moved to the extremities of the empire, an Austrian army of 80,000 is moving towards the frontier. The boldness Of the Hungarians does not diminish iu the' ihge : of Austrian threats. One of the Comitate— that of Gosner—demands tbat the abdication of the late King Ferdinand should be. commu nicated to Hungary before the coronation of Francis Joseph as King of Hungary is decided on, and declares that the King must reside in Hungary. The municipality 01 restu nas sibo demanded the dismissal of the Ban of Croatia and the appointment of a Hungarian in his place. The inundations in Holland have begun to abate, but not until there has been dreadful suffering and loss of property. Nearly 40,000 cultivated acres have been submerged, and some villages have been entirely swept awayr The King lias just been visiting the inundated districts, where he has won afresh the affections of his subjects by his kindness, he not only er-~ pressing sympathy, but handsomely heading a national s ubscription. In this country we have mild weather, but frequent gales of wind, which have proved very disastrous. On shore, the spire of Chichester Cathedral lias sunk into the building, and a wing of the Crystal Paiaoe lias been blown away. On the 9th instant the losses were "fearful on the north-east and the,.west coast, upwards of 210 vessels being reported at ..Lloyds as wrecked or stranded. Some of the ships were large, and contained very valuable cargoes, and, of course, life has been lost as wclL At Kingstown, Ireland, a melancholy catastrophe was wit nessed. In attempting to aid one of the 16 vessels lost off there Captain Boyd, of Hill's ship Ajax, with 14 of his crew, was sviept into the boiling waves, and immediately perished. But columns might be filled with the dcta-ls. The Syrian question has come up again in' a discomforting shape, reports being rife of fresh massacres, and these being mads a rcasoa for the combined occupation of the country by the French. Turkey demurs to this, and the ques tion is referred to a Conference ; but Russia, Austria, and- Prussia have already notified their adhesion to the French proposal, on the ground that the Christians are still oppressed. Complaints are still made of the unfair cha racter of the trials of the Druses now going on, and Lord John Russell's statement of facts painfully illustrates the fierce antipathy of the two races :—" According to the report of Lord Dufferin, Fuad Pacha, having asked the Bishops of the different Christian sects how many of the 8,000 adult males in that part of the country ought, in their opinion, to be put to death in expiation of the massacres which had taken place, the Bishops, by their signa tures to a paper, required that no less than 4,600 of the 8,000 should be executed, and it was with great difficulty that Fuad Pacha and the Commissioners got them to reduce their demands to 1,200, which they, said was the lowest number that ought to be sacrificed." ' The China news is little, but good, two in stalments of the indemnity money having been paid, and the natives at Teintsin showing themselves to be very civil, and ready to adapt themselves to foreigners in a wonderful degree. Ex-Judge Haliburton has raised in Parlia ment the cry of grievance as regards the colonics, by denying the power of the Court of Queen's Bench to issue a mandamus. Mr. Collier 6&id; it was the almost unanimous opinion in Westminster Hail t hat the Canadian Court is wrong in its law, while Lord Palmer stoa made the more' practically important statement, that the Canadian Governor-General had been written to not to surrender Anderson without positive instructions from home, and said that he thought that no good esse had been made out for the surrender under the provisions of the treaty. In Canada proceed ings have been taken ia the Court of Common Pleas, and Anderson has been brought up on a writ of habeas corpus, wich a view of ob taining his release on technical grounds, the commitment being alleged to be informal. The case has been argued but not decided. The most extraordinary circumstance is, that the Canadian Government have employed counsel to oppose tile-man's discharge. Fromatlie slavery ease in Canada one natu rally turns to the far greater slavery question ; in America, where events are moving with the sarao decision, though not with the same rapidity as they did a month ago. The Seces sion Ordinance was passed in the Louisiana Convention by 113 votes to 17. The Georgia Secession Ordinance has been formally signed, and Texas also has seceded. As yet there has been no bloodshedding, and the first and fatal blow has pot yet fallen. Governor Hoyne, of the Florida State forces, has told the President that he will not attack Fort PickeDS,-and that the Southern States wiil avoid a collision. Virginia has uppointed Commissioners to meet the representatives of other States with a view to an adjustment on the basis of the Crittenden propositions, and a large deputation from New York has been to Washington to afford facili ties for a compromise. Hut compromise does not now look very likely in the face of the fact that a new Southern Republic has beeu orga nised at Mongomery, the Convention of seeeding States having a President (Mr. Jefferson Davis) and Vice-President and a Provisional Constitution, to last for a year. Mr. Lincoln, -also, has just been delivering a firmly-toned speech, in which he said:—" Hut if the United States should merely hold and retake its own forts and other property, and collect the duties on foreign importations, or even withhold the mails from places where they were habitually violated, would any or all these things be • invasion' or ' coercion ?'" He also denies the right of & State, any more than of a district, to secede. Yet, on the other hand, Senator Seward has presented a petition with 38,000 signatures in favour of concessions to the South. Meanwhile the commercial and other difficulties which belong to a state of political disorganization are beginning to develop themselves, and it may be that a fore taste of the miseries o( disunion may cool the ardour of those who have been crying out for secession. While the political sky looks clearer than it has done for some time past, the aspect of commercial affairs is somewhat lowering. With the Bank rate of discount at 8 per cent., trade must needs find itself crippled; and other causes are combining to depress business in the midland and northern districts. At.Black burn, in Lancashire, an operative strike in resistance to a reduction of wages is likely to occasion distress and trouble, and, generally, there is not that looking up which is usually characteristic of the approach of spriBg. There has been prodigious excitement in | Paris because of the arrest of M. Mires, the banker, railway director, and contractor for the Ottoman Loan. He has risen from a low to a high -financial position,, and two .of the Paris newspapers/ the JPa&t; and -the JCoiuti talioitnel, belong to' him1, tie -was taken from hiiowndrawing room;wherehebada-! party, straight to prison; where he now is. Bdt why, exactly, this happened the Paris public doe* not know, and seems afraid *to'aak. 'There is a rumour of a deficit of 18Q' millions of f mncs in the Caisse, and-other great people are expected to be compromised. Here a sensation has been excited bj the discovery of "another Bank fraud, by a device which may be placed in the seme category with that of Pullinger'e. One Durdeh, ledger keeper. at th9 Henrietta-street branch Of the Commercial Bank of London,' has robbed the Bonk of between- £60,000 and £70,000,'and; . to prevent a run on th'e Bank and 'rain to the : properly, the Directors at once made over thrir business to the London and Westminster Bank. \ The plan adopted was a simple one; the delin quent entered in tErfedger smaller sums than were received to the credit of "some of the cus tomers, and carried ihe balance to an account in the name of aconfederate. He had hot had a holiday for years, and it was only his absence from illness which -brought the -fact to light. As the Bank had a reserve there is not likely to be mnch loss to the shareholders. ■ Some bitterness of feeling' has been excited in Catholic circles—a feeling Bbared in by many Protestants—by the resignation iof Mr. Turnboll, of the Record Office, on tlie ground that for 18 months past.certain Protestant Societies have been labouring to produce in the' public mind the conviction that; bis' employ ment in calendering important historical papers will afferd him an-opportanityof doing damage to Protestantism." An influential'deputation of antiquaries and literary men—all Protestants —has waited on Lord Palmerston' with' a "me morial, praying, oh public grounds, that the resignation may not be accepted; but his Lordship has refdsed compliance with the re quest in bo un-Palmerstonian a manner asto hare occasioned some surprise. He'does not regard Mr. Tumbull'e being a Catholic or a' convert from Protestantism as being a disqua lification for the office., but he thinks him " a fanatic," and on that ground looks upon the appointment as an injudicious one'.' The mat ter will not rest here, as the' Marquis Of Nor manbv is to bring it before the House of Lords —Lord Shaftesbury leading on the other side. The odium theologicum also agitates 'certain circles, in conaectioii witli'two other events, likely to be talked and written about for some time to come. Just as a new edition of the " Essays and Reviews" is issued there comes out a protest, signed by all the members of the Episcopal Bench, declaring the contents of. the book to be opposed to the principles of the Bible and the doctrines of the Church,and expressing wonder bow the authors can re concile the fast of authorship with th^ir sub scription to the 'articles. A clerical declara tion is also being signed, and convocation may \- perhaps condemn the book. A prosecution of the writers in the Ecclesiastical Courts' is also said to be under grave consideration; bat it may safely be predicted that nothing it likely to come out of a move of. that sort, except the increased sale of the book. The legal diffi culties in the way are insuperable. The other incident is a scandal occasioned by one of the first acts of the new Bishop of Durham (formerly the Bev. H. Montague Tilliers), who has just presented a living worth about £1,400 a year to his own son-in-law, who has not been long in the Church, and has no claim to so glittering a prize. The indig nation of the High Church party in particular is very great, and the low Church party are likely to be much injured by it. Another potentate, of a very different charac ter, lias also been guilty of what, in. political circles, is said to be worse than a crime—a blunder. The Times has taken advantage of a private subscription, which has been got up by some Glasgow merchants, to express their acknowledgments , to Mr. Cobden for his ser vices in negotiating the French treaty, to repre sent'that gentleman as being in financial difficulties, in consequenec of his imprudent investments in American railway shares; and it recommends that his friends should take care of him. The subscription is spoken of as the third which has been raised to get him out of financial scrapes, and the whole tone of the article is offensive in the highest degree. But it turns out that - the Times is as wrong in its facts as its animus is malicious. This is not a~ third subscription, and the Illinois Railway Com pany's property is looking up; and, more over, it is stated that the jRmes editor and some of the writers have themselves invested in the same Company as "the inspired idiot" of free-trade. To make matters- worse, the Times has published the Glasgow circular, which not only does not bear out its state ments, but is marked " private," and expresses a hope that the matter will not- be alluded to in the press. The impression produced on the public mind is very decided against the Times, but, so Gsr as Mr. Cobden's own feelings are concerned, the mischief has. been done, for that gentleman has written over-from-Algeria declining to receive the fund. The simplicity ■of Mr. C-'s letter is most characteristic of. the man:—" I drew upon the Government for my expenses during the time I was in Paris, and have, therefore, incurred no pecuniary sacrifice for which I am entitled to reimbursement. As for the "services I rendered; in connection with the Treaty, they were a "labour of lovej for which it would be painful to me to accept : compensation in any form, or from1-any ; quarter." 