THE 'ESSAYS AND REVIEWS' IN COURT. The proceedings against Dr Rowland Williams has so far progressed that the case will be ready for hearing early next term. The articles have been filed. In the preamble it is-stated that Dr Williams is charged with having, within the last two years, written, published, dispersed, and sot forth, in a book entitled 'Essays and Reviews,' a certain article, or essay, or review, with divers notes thereto, entitled ' Bunsen's Biblical Re- searches;' and by having in such article, or essay, or review, and in the notes thereto, ad visedly affirmed and maintained certain erroneous, strange, and heretical doctrines, positions, and opinions, contrary and repugnant to the doctrine and teaching of the said United Church of Eng land and Ireland. The following is a summitry of the articles upon which Dr Rowland Wiliiams will be put on his defence : — Article 1 declares that all ecclesiastical persons who have been ad mitted into holy orders ought to adhere to and maintain with constancy and sincerity the doc trine and teaching of the church, and that for impugning those doctrines they ought to be punished and corrected according to the gravity of tho offence and the exigency of the law. Article 2 declares that Dr Rowland Williams is a person in holy orders, and the Vicar of Broad Chalk, in the diocese of Salisbury. Ar ticles 3, 4, 5, and 6, declare the publication of the book, and Dr Williams' share in its author ship. Article 7 is as follows : — 'And we further article and object to you, the said Rev. Rowland Williams, that in the said article, essay, or re view, are contained the following passages, — tkat is to say — 'As in his Egypt our autlur sifts the historical date of the Bible, so in his Gettinder Geschichte, he expounds its directly religious ele ment. Lamenting, like Pascal, the wretchedness of our feverish being, when estranged from its external stay, he traces, as a countryman of Hegel, the Divine thought of bringing order out of con fusion. Unlike the despairing school who forbid us trust in God or in conscience unless we kill our souls with liberalism, he finds salvation for men and States only in becoming acquainted with tho Author of our life, by whose reason the world stands fast, whose stamp we bear in our fore thought, and whose voice our conscience echoes. In the Bible, as an expression of devout reason, and therefore to be read with reason in freedom, he finds record of the spiritual grants whose experience generated the leligious atmos phere we breathe.' At pages 82 and 83, — ? It we would estimate the truth of such views, the full import of which hardly lies on the surface, we find two lines of inquiry present themselves as criteria, and each of these divides itself into two branches. First, as regards the subject mat ter, both spiritual affection and metaphysical reasoning forbid us to confine revelations like those of Christ to the first half century of our era, but show at least affinities of our faith ex isting in men's minds, anterior to Christianity, and renewed with deep echo from loving hearts in many a generation. Again, on the side of ex ternal criticisms, we find the evidences of our canonical books, and of the patristic authors nearest to them, are sufficient to prove illustration in outward act of principles perpetually true, but not adequate to guarantee narratives inherently incredible or precepts evidently wrong. Hence are we obliged to assume in ourselves a verifying faculty not unlike the discretion which a mathematician would use in weighing a treatise on geometry, or the liberty which a musician would reserve in reporting a law of harmony. Thus, as we are expressly told, we are to have the witness in ourselves. It is not our part to dictate to Almighty God that he ought to have spared us this strain upon our conscience, nor in giving us, through his Son, a deeper revela.ion of his own presence was He bound to accompany His gift by a spccial form of record. Hence, there is no antecedent necessity that the least rational view of the Gospel should be the truest, or that our faith should have no human element, and its records be exempt from historical law. Rather, we may argue, the more Divine the germ the more human must be the development.' ' (Other passages are quoted from pages 77 and 78, and it is contended that these opinions are antagonistic to the 6th, 7th, and 20th ot the articles of religion ; that portion of the Nicene Creed which declares in substance that the Holy Ghost spake by the Prophets, and that portion of Scripture appointed in the Book of Common Prayer to be read as the epistle for Chiistmasday. Hebrews 1.) Article 8 is of extreme length, and cites a large portion of the essay, having reference to the moral and predictive elements of pro phecy. ' We article and object to you,' it pro ceeds to say, 'that in the passages hereinbefore recited, being portions of the said article, essay, or review, you did advisedly maintain or affirm that in the books ot the Old Testament there is, with the possible exception of one, two, or thres doubtful passages, no element of divinely inspired prediction or prognostication of future persons or events ; or that you did therein advisedly maintain or affirm such a doctrine, position, or opinion ; and that tlie same is contrary to and inconsistent with the 6tli and 7th of tho Articles of Religion, and that portion of the Nicence Creed which de clares in substance that the Holy Ghost spake by the Prophets, and contrary to and inconsistent with the teaching of the said Church, as contained in that portion of the Holy Scripture appointed in the Book of Common Prayer to ba read as the gospel for the Monday in Easter week. — (1st of Lukexxiv., 13.)' Article 9 sets out certain pas sages contained in pages 76 and 77, and proceeds — ' We article and object to you that in the pas sages hereinbefore recited you did advisedly maintain and affirm that the prophet Jonah was not a real historical person, and that the canonical book written by him and incorporated in the Old Testament was not really written by him, and has not any authority binding upon the Church, and that the Book of Daniel was not the work of the pro phet Daniel, but of some other person, and is not an authority binding on the Church, or that you did therein advisedly maintain or affirm a doc trine, position, or opinion contrary to, or incon sistent with, the sixth of the Articles of Religion, and contrary to, or inconsistent with, the teach ing of the Church as contained in the form and manner of making deacons, in the following question and answer — to wit, ' Tho Bishop : Do you unfeignedly believe all the canonical Scrip tures of the Old and New Testaments ? Answer : tdo believe them.' ' Article 10 charges Dr Wil liams with maintaining that the portion of Holy Scripiure usually called the Revelation of St. John the Divine, the epistle usually Galled the Epistle to the Hebrews, and the epistle usually called the Epistle of St. Peter, are not respec tively parts of Holy Scripture whose authority is bindi:;g on the Church. Article 11 charges him with affirming that the statements of Holy Scrip - ture as to historical facts may be read and under stood in a wholly figurative and non-naturul sense, being inconsistent with the teaching of the Church as contained in that portion of Holy Scripture appointed by the Book of Common Prayer as the proper lesson for the evening ser- vice for the first Sunday in Lent, 22nd chapter of Genesis, and to the second proper lesson for morning service on All Saints' Day, from verse 33 of the 11th chapter of the Hebrews 10 the 7th verse of the 12th chapter. Article 1*2 charges Dr. Williams with affirming that Christ did not suffer, nor was crucified, dead and buried, to reconcile His Father to us, nor to be a sacrifice for the ori- ginal guilt, as well as for tho actual sins of men ; that the offering of Christ is not the perfect re demption, propitiation, and satisfaction for tho sins of the whole world, both original or actual ; and that such doctrine is contrary to and inconsis tent with the 2nd and 31st of the Articles of Reli gion, and with the teaching of the Church as con tained in the Prayer of Consecration in the order of administration of the Lord's Supper or Holy Communion. Article 13 sets out the following passage as affirming that the element of water is not a divinely ordained means whereby we receive the spiritual grace and the sacrament of baptism, and as denying the doctrine of original sin ; — ' The first Christians held that the heart was puiified by faith ; the accompanying symbol, water, became by degrees the instrument of puri fication. Holy baptism wis at first preceded by a vow, in which the young soldier expressed his consaiousucss of spiritual truth, but when it be came twisted into a false analogy with circumci sion, the rite degenerated into a magical form, and the Augustinian notion of a curse inherited by infants was developed in connection with it.' .Article 14 charged Dr Williams with affirming that tho incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ was purely spiritual, and that the Son of God did not tuke man's nature in tho womb of the blessed Virgin, contrary to, and inconsistent with, the the 2nd ofthe Articles of Religion. Article 15 charges him with affirming that justification by faith means only the peace of mind, or sense of Divine approval, which comes of trust in a righteous God, and that justification is a verdict of forgiveness upon our repentance and of accep tance upon the offering of our hearts, contrary to ths 11th Article of Religion. Article 16 identifies Dr. Williams with the views of Bunsen, upon whose works ho commented. Ar ticle 17 is as follows : — ' And we further article and object to you, the said Rev. Rowland Wil liams, that the manifest tendency, scope, object, and design of tho whole essay is to inculcate a disbelief of the Divine inspiration and authority ot the J.ioly Scriptures contained in tne uitt ana New Testaments, to reduce the said Holy Scrip tures to tho level of a mere human composition, such as the writings of Luther and of Milton ; to deny that the Old Testament con tains prophecies or predictions of our Saviour and other persons and events ; ts deny that the prophets, speaking under the special inspiration of the Holy Spirit, foretold human events ; to deny altogether, or greatly dis credit the truth and genuineness of the historical portions of the Old Testament, and tho truth and genuineness of certain parts of the Now Testa ment, and the truth and reality of the miracles recorded as facts in the Old and New Testaments ; to deny or interpret, by a meaning at variance with that of the Church, the doctrines of original sin, of infant baptism, of justification by faith, atonement and propitiation by the death' of our Saviour, and of the incarnation of our Saviour. The remaining articles, five number, are of the usual formal and technical character. Bee Hunting has become an amusement in this quarter j and yesterday I noticed Mr Wheeler in his own paddocic take two large buckoti full of honey from atiee. Talk no nioro of ' the honey ! of Hybla,' the 'honey of Hey wood' is nearer | an alliteration and mead will soon be plentiful j enough here. The name of those who- are seeking I farms under the occupation licenses is legion, and ! I can assure you that it would be difficult to pre- J judice them against the Heales administration, j and many do not scruple to assert that youiself j and the Hamilton Spectator have carried your op- ] position too far. However, the proof of the pud- j ding is the eating of it, and a very few years wiH j set the matter at rest. — liny wood Correspondent of | the Portland Guardian. \ Meadows and Green Fields are reared in. i London by the invention of one ingenious Mr 1 Pittock, who covers his flat roof with lead, then. ? j with a ten-incli coating of clay, and on the i latter a covering sf turf. A pipe connected. | with the reservoir, waters tho grass flat, aud a goat fertilises, and gives ' hew milk from tlio cow.' Pittock sings the JRanz da Vache, and has converted his neighbor's chimney-pot into a j picturesque Mount Vesuvius, emitting constant ] smoke. — Court Journal. j Impkovejients in Raising Fkuit Treks.- — f A Bohemian arboriculturist lias successfully in- | troduced a new mode of planting. Instead ot j using the process of grafting, he takes an off- - shoot of any fruit tree — an apple tree, for iu- 1 stance — and plants it in a potato, both being- j carefully placed in the soil, so that five or six j inches of the shoot shall be above tho ground. 1 This latter takes root, grows with rapidit3', and j produces the finest of fruit. — Maine Farmer; i Ingrafting ol-1 Potatoes. — Four years ago, ; Mr. Anderson, the spirited tenant of Meikle- j Tarrel,. Easter Ross, having read an article in I the newspapers on the ingrafting of potatoes, 5 tried the experiment on a few seeds in iiis gar- 5 den, consisting of cups and regents. The pro- I cess was as follows : — He scooped all the eyes 1 out of a regent, and inserted tlio eyes of a cup j in one of tho vacant places,, taking care that f the insertion fitted the vacant space; and for | the purpose 01' making the two parts adhere j binding them together with a string before j laying them in tlie ground. Tho string (any j string will do) must not cover or blind the in- j serted eye. Tho experiment succeeded admir- j ably, 'file progeny of such ingraftment is a red ana wnite potato; ana an acre planted with 1 such this year has yielded to Mr Anderson, the e extraordinary return of 32 bolls, entirely free of 1 disease. — Inverness Courier. | Influence of Locality on the Gkowtii I and Ripening of Fkuit Trees. — The 1 Genesee Far.avr publishes the following ex- I tract from an address by J. A. Matson, Esq., ji before the Greencastle Horticultural Society, | Indiana, which contains some useful hints rela- I tive to the location of fruit orchards : — Another j subject on fruit culture, which has always been j of great interest, and has become much more so within the last two years, is the destruction of J fruits by hard freezing in winter and by the late frosts of spring. Nearly all the orchards planted by the early settlers of tho West were : located in the valleys, and, wherever practic able, near the margin of some river or stream of water. This was done under the impression that the effects of the frosts would be neutralised by the fogs arising from. | the water and resting over the valleys during the morning, and by the protection afforded by j surrounding hills from the cold winds. Fruit- ! growers in the west, after witnessing the re peated destruction of their crops in the valleys, while the trees located on the bleak tops of the surrounding hills were bending down with their luscious burdens, have now discarded the theory with which they set out. Dr Kirtland, of j Cleveland, made some interesting experiments I on this subject. Supposing that the severity of I the frosts in the valleys, compared with its j effects on the high lands adjacent, was caused I by a current of warm air rushing from the low to the high grounds as the temperature de creased, lie stationed himself with a thermo meter, lantern, and watch, on a night when a severe frost was expected, on a hill near Lake V Erie, where the peach crop had never been (j killed, while his brother was stationed with a Ij thermometer, lantern, and watch in the valley y below. Each made and recorded observations every half hour during the night, and the result was as follows : From sundown until nine o'clock, each thermometer indicated the same degree of temperature. At nine o'clock, the mercury in the valley thermometer commenced sinking, while that on the hill, at the same time, began to rise ; and the doctor observed a perceptible current of warm air flowing up from the valley. At twelve o'clock, the ther mometer in the valley indicated 12 0 lower temperature than that on the hill, and about the same difference was observed until daylight in. in the morning. 