TORRENTS BILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I only saw " Layman's" letter in your BEERS of yesterday, this morning. I have nothing to do with politics or "political humbugs," and didnotdefendlreland'sBill. BothitandTorrons's Act encourage litigation, and the latter provides funds for the purpose. The Government do not guarantee titles by magic, or out of their own I pockets, but out of the public purse. Seosedtions 34 and 35 of the Adelaide Act. The Govermnent ftToke is an expensive one, not always turning cut the best work and I am not at all sure that " layman" would prepare conveyances, make the necessary attendances, pay the required fees, and incur responsibility for 5s. each transaction. Why cannot the parties in the " Great Collingwood Case," who paid their lawyers handsomely for investigating their titles, get damages from them ? It is more in accordance with my idea of justice that a wrong should be repaired by the party who committed it than by innocent persons, as would be the case if Government had guaranteed the titles under Torrens's Act. And this law affords every facility to wrongful owners of property to get a title, by enacting that the commissioners shall be laymen, and not persons skilled in the law. The | true owner and injured person is then to te compen lated by the public "Layman refers me to the parties interested to give an opinion on their own case. I should prefer his giving some reason to the public why they should indemnify these parties. I am anxious that the principle of Torrens's Bill should be clearly amiably put before the public. It is emphatically a law for providing work for attorneys, and taking care that they shall be paid for it. And I would remind your correspondent of the effects of interference by laymen with the law of real property, when the Act of 27 Hen. VIII. was passed and with which I have no doubt he is well acquainted. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A CONVEYANCES. Melbourne, July 11. A LITTLE PAitry AT RIDLEY s - At these Thursday divans the host provided the modest and kindly refreshment, and Betsy the maid, cr Virgilio the model, travelled to and fro with classes and water Each guest brought his own (broke, and I promise you there were such liberal contributions of the article, that the studio was full of it, and new comers used to be saluted by a roar of laughter as you 1 card, rather (Lan saw, them entering, and choking in the fog It was, "Holloa, Prodgere! is that you, I did boy'' and the beard of Prodgas Jthac famous sculptor) would presently room through the cloud. It was, Newcome, how goes'' and Mr Clive Newcome (a mediocre artist, I must own, but a famous good fellow, with an uncommonly pretty villa and pretty and rich wife at Wimbledon) would make his appearance, and be warmly greeted by our little host It was?, "Is that you, IB! would you like a link, old boy, to see you through the fog ' ' And the deep voice of Frederick Baynham, Esquire the diamond centre on art would boom out of the tobacco 111st, and would exclaim, " A link ' I would like) a drink ' Ah, ghosts of youth, again to draw "hear ' Old figures glimmer three the land Old songs echo out of the distance. What were you saying anon about Dr Johnson, love' I am sure some of us must remember him. As for me, I am so old, that I might 1 nee been at Eduil school- the other put in along with little Davy Garrick and his brother We had a bachelors supper in the Temple solely that I think we must pay but a very busy visit to a smoking party in Thomkaugh street, or the ladies will say that we are too fond of ) school habits, and keep our friends away from their charming and amiable society A novel trust not smell of cigars much, nor should its refined and genteel pago be stained with too frequent brandy and water Picado to imagine, then, the prattle of the artists, authors, and amateurs assembled at BiJlcy a dr. m Paney Jammu, the miniature painter, drinking more liquor than any man present, asking his neighbour (with lace) why Ridley does not give his father (the old butler) who shillings to wait, suggesting that perhaps the old man is gone out, and is getting seven and sixpence else- where , praising Ridley's picture aloud, and peering at it man undertone, and when a man of rank happens to enter the room, teams hung up to him, and fawning on him, and cling- ing to him with fulsome praise and flattery When the gentleman's back is turned, Jin man can spit epigrams at it I hope he will never forgive Ridley, and always continue i to hate him, for hate him Jarman will, OF 1 i g as he is prosperous, and curse him as time is the world estecniB him Look at Pym, the mourn bent of Saint Bronze hard by, coming in to join the literary and artistic assembly, and choking in his white neck-cloth, to the division of all the company who can see him ! Sixteen, eighteen, twenty men are assembled Open the windows, or sure they will all be stifled with the smoke ' Yi by, it fills the whole house so, that the little sister has to open her parlour window on the ground floor, and gasp for fresh air - Cornhill Magazine for May. TDEIIJIANS-All their usages aiecsfiimly established, and as strictly adhered to, both in letter and spirit, as if they had been cage went on tablets of stone. The early white ac tiers soon found this out, and often owed the preservation of their lives to a thorough 1 no slope of this system Thus, an Englishman, of lim Name of Pickering, once fell into the hands of a hostile tribe long on the lookout for his body ii of soon became aware that they were making preparations for a cannibal feast of which he was to be the principal dish, though these preparations would not have been noticed by my one less versed in their peculiar customs He knew that before they proceeded to kill him a bowl of kava would have to be made, that a prayer would have to be said over the beverage when ready, and that the person saying the pray of could not be the one eaten Pretending utter unconsciousness of what was going on around him, he eagerly watched the moment when the prepara- tion of the kava was advanced to the stage at which the prayer had to be said, and suddenly to the utter dismay of his enemies, he pronounced the well known formula. No one would now have dared to take his life, and he had the keen satisfaction of partaking of the refreshment s provided for his own funeral Correspondence of the Atheneum. A LION S LOVE ron A BLACK Tiaitrss The Philadelphia No) th Amtnean records the following singular case,- " in one compartment of the cage in which the animals perform at Van I Amburgh's beautiful menagerie, in Chesnut street, is a huge tawny Asiatic lion His room mate is a black female tiger The tiger is small compared to the regal lion, but is highly valued as a zoological curiosity, and the only specimen of the black tiger in this country She was purchased by Mr Van Amburgh some two years ago, and has lived with the lion ever since. The attachment between the two is something remarkable. When other animals are in the same cage, and any affront is offered to the little tiger, she runs under the belly of the hon. and woe be to the animal that dares approach her. No matter how hungry he may be, the lion never touches his share of their daily meal until his little chum has selected her share, and! even this he never entirely consumes until certain that she has enough. All the murders are as fat as moles, but this black tiger is alder manic m her proportions, and no remedy exists for the matter She has been twice removed from the lion, but until she was returned th( I generous beast would take neither food nor rest while the frantic manner in which he drained a' the bars was a sufficient warning that the further detention of the tiger would be a dangerous matter. Should his mate die, the lion would probably pine to death. Once when she was taken away, a lioness was substituted The hon instantly fell upon her, and at a mine which broke her spine, and crushed some of her tat s Careful nursing saved her life, and she is still living, but with her hinder parts immovable; paralyzed " LOOKING FOR, COAT IN EGYPT After and of two hours we arrived at our desirous of, whom thirteen miles from Cairo. On descending the pit, I found it had been sunk in a very recent calcareous formation, intersected week beds c blue mari, to a depth of 200 yards, which has been ascertained to be about 100 feet below the bed of the Nile, and that there was just us roue probability of finding coal the top of the 'pyramids as there. Hastening my return, found the Viceroy at Shubra, in the evening. playing cards with three comfortable looking grey bearded Turks, all of whom, with the exception of his Highness, were large diamond dec; rations When I entered, the playing ceased and the Viceroy eagerly inquired if I had been down the pit. Answering in the affirms trie, an that I did not consider that there was the remotest chance of discovering coal in such locality, he inquired the exact depth of the pi and if in England coal existed at greater depth On my reply ing that certainly coal had been found and worked deeper than the shaft at Tourrn, h struck the table such a blow with his hat the the shock sent the cards flying up, exclaiming while fire darted from his eyes, " 'then I'll see a thousand yards !" I made my Balaam, and rising, left the old Turks nearly in the same state as the trees in the petrified forest -Egypt the Soudan, and Central Africa By John Petherick, P.R G S. THE INDIAN MUTINY report did lie' about the Punjab, the truth of which we can never heard denied, that one member of the staff suggested that all European troops should concentrate on Parlour, and, taking boat down the Sutlej, make for England as fast as possible another, however, one who, was 1 fell among the earliest victims of the rebellion suggests that the Parlour fort, with its large magazin might be made available for a very different pu poEe Hence the idea of a siege tramcar Punjab and Delhi in 1857. By the Rev. , Cave Browne, M.A, i 