A VERITABLE GHOST STORY. Can such things be, And overcome us like a summer cloud, Without our special wonder? THE materialist may sneer at, and deny, the doctrine of incorporealism, but a wiser and truer faith teaches us that " God hath only immortality - though angels and human souls be deathless," and who shall say after that last and bitter agony, when the spirit, freed from the cost of mortality, whether it is permitted for a time to wander through all space-or returns at once to Him who gave it. Lost in a labyrinth of doubts and fears, conjectures upon the subject are worse than useless, and our imperfect nature is unable to comprehend the mystery, of which Heaven, for wise and inscrutable purposes, has withhold the solution of. The following is a most remarkable instance of a spectral appearance after death to two persons on board a ship in which I was a passenger at the time the incident occurred, and which, having made a lasting impression upon my memory, I am induced to imagine may prove interesting to some of the readers of the Courier. I 'am not casuist enough to attempt an explanation of this extraordinary occurrence, or sceptic enough to laugh at and ridicule these visitations from the " land of shadows which many wise and good men, in all ages, have believed in nor can I assert for what purpose this appearance was permitted, or what good end it could answer I can only say so it was, and I pledge my honor for the truth of the narrative; so without further preface, I will proceed to relate a plain un- varnished history of this o'er true tale. On my voyage out to the Cape in the good ship " Olive Branch," in the year 1830, An- derson's the Captain and owner of thieves sel-health was in a most precarious state, and he suffered greatly the latter portion of the voyage from a severe pulmonary complaint, which ultimately finished him at sea on his return homewards from the Isle of France. He came upon deck before breakfast one morning, the third previous to our arrival in Table Bay, and appeared to be exceedingly ill, and seemed to be enduring much mental agony, as the traces of tears where upon his cheeks, and he was evidently greatly distressed in his mind, and his excitement was extreme. I enquired if he were worse than usual, and he answered " No," but that he was much affected at an awful circumstance that had occurred to him last night, and laying his hand upon my arm, requested me to walk down into the cabin with him, when he told me with a voice almost choked with his endeavor to suppress his emotions, that the apparition of his brother-in-law, Mynheer Vanburg, had appeared to him last night, that he was sure his relative was dead, leaving a wife and six children totally unprovided for I attempted to soothe his distress, strove to reason with him upon the folly of such impressions ; talked about his nervous system being out of order; and urged that it was very wrong for' him to give way to such nonsense, when he started mu beyond measure by saying that Mrs. Anderson had seen the apparition as well as himself, and was so overcome with the shock as to be unable to rise from her bed. This was to me most unaccountable, as I knew his wife to be a strong-minded woman, possessed of much good sense, and who had not the slightest portion of nervous affection in her composition. I requested him to tell me what he had seen. He informed me he was awakened suddenly in the middle of the night by a violent shock, as if the ship had struck upon a rock, and saw standing, at the bottom of their berth, the form of his brother-in-law, his face Wearing the pallid hue of death. He was greatly alarmed, and awoke Mrs. Anderson, who, when she beheld the spectre, fainted away at such an awful eggs of dissolution. Mrs. Anderson did not make her appearance from her cabin until the following day, when she gave me a similar account of the matter, and nothing that I or the rest of the passengers amongst whom, were several Dutch missionaries desired say had power to mitigate their mutual grief or persuade them that it must have been an illusion. They both expressed their firm conviction of the verity of the appear- ances and of the death of their relative, and were perfectly inconsolable, and, like Rachael of old, " refused to be comforted" "We came to anchor off Cape Town before daylight the third morning afterwards. The port doctor came on board at sunrise, and immediately hurried! down into the cuddy. Soon afterwards I heard a shriek from Mrs. Anderson which seemed to rend the poor woman's heart. I rushed into the cabin, and saw her lying insensible upon a sofa, Anderson standing beside her in a state of stupefaction, and I heard from the mouth of Dr. Grainger a confirmation of the death of Mynheer Vnnburg, who died the very night Anderson and his wife saw the. apparition, and with four or five of the passen . gers I attended the funeral of Mynheer Van burg, on the afternoon of the first day I arrived in Cape Town. J. C. P. 