BOOKMAKING. When, wo say that London is empty, .we merely mean that at tho West End there are not quite so many people as llioro wero a month or two ago ; ond so, when vvb sav that there aro 110 no .v books now, wc merely mean tlmt there are 110 good now booksi. Tho stream of publication nevor ceases ; and when the issno of good books censos, tho- steady voluminous flow of bad books forces itsolf on our attention. Bookmpking -is like baking, and tho ovon is healed evory day except Sunday. Tlio odd thing is,- tlmt in tlio book business, tho greater part of tlio loaves aro not wanted by any one, nnd the bukors boko 'for' the pure pleasure of baking." ' Somo portion of minor current literature is diio to tlio regular literary hack, but not. a .groat deal. There; must always bo professional bookmakers, but. there aro not very many of thorn ; and, slight as are thoir performances, they yet cost too much; timo nnd thought to bo multiplied at pleasure. These writors for .tho day' havo lately tided to invest thoir occupation with suoli n linlo of fictitious glory that, their real merits hnvo been a littlo obscured. To produce two or three volumes a year in a smart style, and full iof superficial knowledge,' is not'nt all a grand or wonderful thing ; but still tho hack-writing of England is. of a very flscent kind, and somo linck-vyriting is unavoidable. Ordinary readers wish to have their literary food presented to .tlicm in a familiar and - recognisable shape. History, travels, philosophy must assume the colouring that is fashionable in order to bo palatable. With thousand's, of renders it is' 0 tehoico between tho writing of ll 0 'a' r cators of current literature and no reading at all. Unless history is short, funny; and adapted to present tastes, it- is never opened. And, in its humblo way, llio nrticlo turned out to moot tins de mand has its good points. It is generally tho fruit of somo little industry, nntl it is'nimqst in- jvarfably written iu a good, spirit. Tlio pooplo who nro worth commending aro praised— the follies or tho crimes of the bad are stiematizod. Tin-re is even 0110 element in the' common cast of English thought which is vvorth ' having, and which is, in a Ergo degree, owing ts tho influence of professional book makers. Theso writers : are generally a littlo angry with the society which does not do them justice, and they are inclined to sym- jsathiso rather eagerly with those whom respectability condemns. They mako tho very best of characters, and persons, and transac tions wliioh havo the sort of attractions that captivate th690 who fed thcmsolvcs to bo on tho outside edgo of society. Theso predilec tions pass through thoir' works into tlio minds ot their readers, and thus tho circle of general sympathy is insensibly widened. It would bo very -easy to point out that this is not an unmixed advantage, but still rit is an advan tage ; and when wo feel inclined to laugh at bookmakers, wo ought in fairness to sot down to . their credit the perseverance nnd success with which thoy iufuso a spirit of1 toleration into tlio minds of tho half-oducnted. Hut professional bookmakers only turn out a small portion ot tho vast mass of books des tined to dio almost before thoy aro born. The wish to write a book: is 11 ' vcrv. natural- one,' and the bookmaker may bo amply rewarded for. all his troublo ovon if a page, of his printed Yolunio is noyer cut. To' many. -persons print is tho only escape from dosyltiry, think ing hnd desultory reading. . Hundreds of culti vated men aud women are conscious of somo degrco. of thought ; and fooling, take a lively interest in many subjects, and sincorcly wish both to gain clear conceptions and to do some thing. thoroughly. Yet year after year slips by and brings no fruit with it. ' Tho y road one book after another, tlioy take up science or lirt, and follow branoh after branch in rapid- succes sion. They alter their opinions aud mature their judgment. But still thoy foil' there is 0 mist between them and- truth. They never giro thomselvos tho troublc.to sift oridonco, to think over probloms, to picture tlio reality and sequence of events, to attain a definite well founded conclusion on matters that tliey allow to b3, of the utmost importance to themselves. If, however, they summon up courage to write a book, thoy seem to have a rock to cling to in tlie midst of a soa of uncertainty. 'They can no longer state without examining well the grounds on which the statement is to rest, and th shouts in which it must bo confined. Thoy enjoy tlio pleasure of humility, and own how much must be gone. through -before, uny thing- satisfactory 0111 be done, and how very littlo can bo done nt lust. 'Tliey acquire a personal familiarity with tlio cliaraolors and scenes 011 which thoy fix thoir thoughts night and day. 'Tlio past is no: longer shadowy to tliom— a land of tho ghosts of other men's thoughts— but is peopled with their own creations. Thoy aro obliged to give an express opinion on many points of re ligion and' philosophy wliioh previously thoy wore content to put aside with tho easy indif-' feronco'of an indolent curiosity. If their bsut is towards pootry rather than prose, and thoy love to imngino rather than to doferibe; tliey aro obliged, by tho -moro dolcrihination to print, to acquire somo degree of mastery over tho mechanism of vorso and of poetical lan guage. Most persons who liavo read pootry largely, who livis a simple .life, and hnvo leisure,, fpel every now aud then an imp nlso to express" their strongest emotions in verso. But . directly thoy attempt to write, - they are stopped at onco by thoir inability to , express themselves. Eithor their verso is _ merely ' metrical prose, or thoy cannot fail to see that momory has been tho mother of their muse, and that' they havo simply put down reminisconces of thoir favourite authors. This difficulty can, to a certain extent, bo ovoi- como by patience and unremitting application. A person of cultiveti -11 and feeling cannot become a poot by moro forco of will, but I10 can clothe, tho sentiments and perceptions most into-osting to liini in language that shall bo tolerably adequate aud tolerably original. It is impossible to say that bo would not :gain by doing this ; and tho easiest way practically to do it is to resolvo to make a book. 'The \- book will be to him tlio outward sign that bis task has been accomplished, and at tlio same time tlio strongest inoenlivo to persevere in accomplishing it. But all bookmakers do not sot to work in this way. Tho majority of 'ephemeral publications, cannot pretend to so high a rank, ond can scarcely liavo benefited thoir authors more ' Llinu thoy do tlio. public. Still, it is all a question of clogroo; and it is impossible, without an intimate knowledge of tlio character of tho anchor, to say that lie has not found both instruction nnd pleasure in his work. At first sight it may seem wonderful that so many pcoplo can writo books and care to write them ' But when onco , tho pleasure of writing has fascinated tho mind, tho p'owcr of gratifying it soon comes. It is really very easy to make a book, as any ono will find who tries. _ Wo may observe that there are more especially two linos in which bookmaking slides along without any ecntc of difficulty, and with out nny assignable limit. " If a porson who wants to make a book will but let himself slip along ono of these two , grooves, . ho may go bowling away for ever. 1 Ono way is to reflect on things in general, without inquiring into tho grounds on which what" is established really rests, and without ascertaining 'what lm's broil already' i written. 011 the subjects that most attract the attention of the self-inadc philosopher. ... This strikes us ns of nil ways tlio easiest and best; It is so flattering to our self-lovo to survey socioty, to object' to everything, nnd to proposo a li09t of remedies. Education, marriage, political government, the state of tlio poor, English law — in short, every department of what is callod social science— presents a thou sand flaws and blemishes to , an accomplished critic. The great thing is to speculate without investigating and without reading. Tlio dreariest platitudes then como fresh from tl.o bosom of tho meditative man, and I10 cherishes them as if tliey had been re vealed to tho world for tho first lime. 'Tho most silly romcdios which havo been cither proposed and diecirdcd a hundred times, or only passed over because thoy wore too foolish to propose, cm be confidently insisted on and recommended with tho gushing cloqucnco that ib always at the command of slashing re formers. 'TI10 other great way to inako a book is of a very different kind, but is liurdly loss simplo. It consists in arranging Bomo of tlio bost-known facts of history or biography .?'61(l'a purely arbitrary centre. As theso .centres aro unlimited in quantity, and occur to any one in abundance after a moment's reflection, tlio method of the book may. bo , struck out at once by any ono, and | then, a good cncyclopredia will furnish all (hat is necessary in tho way of accessory materials. : One writer gives us an account of " Foots whoso right foot was bigger than their loft." j Another puts together a history of tl-.o " 'Third jSoiib of Banishod Potentates." Another gives ; us "Anecdotes of the Grand- daughters of iUnsucccssful Actresses." It is evident that books without end may bo made in tliis way ; land perhaps it is scarcely foir to say that' homo- spun philosophy demands less industry and ability. ; . Specimens of both kinds of composition are strewn ns thickly ns autumn leaves. A book colled "An Unpopular View of our 'Times," lately publisliod by Mr. P. A. Frnser, may servo nsan_ examplo of tho first method of bookmaking, It has evidently bcon a groat pleasure to tho writer to porauado himself that- his view is unpopular. Ho has thus tlio glory' f protesting against the evil around him, and of sitting liko Marius nmong the ruins of Car- thage. Ho is tho ono great wiso man in the midst of a foolish multidudo hurrying to de struction. The home- made philosopher would always lose half his pleasure, unless ho took tho gloomiest. view of- evory one but himself. Currency reformers always show that. there is a balance against England of a few billions, if bIio would .but sop . it. There is nothing liko 'taking up your parable against the pcoplo you livo with for gotting 0 cheap satisfaction,- nnd a prophot may he allowed to regard his commonplaces with affection.' 'Tlio nuthor of. -'this volume lias kindly accumulated iria moro elaborate platitudes into a very acces sible group; and- lias strung them together as an index to tho book- - "We there gather such pearls of wisdom ns tho following 'To pro vide for future and unseen wants is tlio duty of working raon, and tho duty of employers is to refrain lrom seeking tlieir aggrandisement by means' which bring. misery end ruin on the employed." " Tho oommoroinl prosperity of literature is hot necessarily a proof of intel lectual 'progress." "'Popular prenchora are hot always successful in lossening irrelirion." It is not much fun reading these sentences, but wo mny be sure that it is great., fun writing them. -If weenn but lax oar fancy enough to throw ourselves into "tlio' position of a man. who' honestly and heartily bolievcs'that ho is saying them for tho first timo, and that no- ono ever stole liis .tliundor bofore, wo moy conceive that it must be vory -pleasant to feel full of benevolent; wisdom and pour it gently out. Everything is wrong in the eyes of the author of tho Unpopular View. Merchants aro wrong, teachers aro wrong, the clergy nro very wrong, hut, above all, joint- s jock . companies aro nn abomination. His acquaintance with human nature reveals to -him that members of a board will do things from which tboy would, shrink as individuals. 'Tho first reform lio'suggests,' therefore, is to. do awayewith all associations for purposes of gain: .-We feol tlio faint flntterings of a languid wish . .to know what on earth! his substitute is to be, and what; is to bo his panacea for all tlio (I vil' ho deplores. At last we come to it. . Govern ment is to do everything.-, Government enn have no low feelings ot avarice, nor nny wish to grind the poor, nor iiny.temptations.to rob," lie, and cheat. So Govcrnmenfci'S to 'carry on overy good scheme, and reject ovory bad ono. Tbis is liko tho shower of bank notes which lmppy currency people rain on all tlio world. To grumble at all. tho world, ; and ; concludo that Government ' ought, to set everything straight, is tho eimplcst, , the cheapest, nnd perhaps the most agreeable of nil philosophies. Mr. Fraser docs -not .part with it before lie could, help, and tolls us that ho lies gone over his ground .'.with! ' such, increasing enthusiasm that his volume, wliioh at first was only meant to havo two..liundrcd pages, expanded into six hundred. ' Ho' must be very sorry that ho has dono spinning liis cobwebs. He has mado such a nice-looking symmetrical net, nnd all out of liis own stomach. A work called "Prison Books and their Authors," by Mr. Longford, may servo ns a specimen of tho other kind of bookmaking. 'Tlio central thread which tho author Bolcctcd. to hang his literary work on is an unnrtificial one. Ho takes tho books that havo bcon written when tlio authors wero in jail. There is 110 other connection between them, nnd it would havo been cxaotly thoBamc thing to liavo taken tho books that havo boon written by authors in bed, or after dinnor. Indeed wo may hopo if this volume is successful, to have an account of books writton by authors within two years after coming out of jail. If n third volutno dosoribed books written within two years before going into jail, tho wholo would mako a very nico littlo aeries. Tho more wo think ovor tho matter, fclio more puzzled wo are to say whether this or . tbo homo-spun philosophy method of bookmaking is tho oasicst. It is true that pago after pago might b3 writton off at a lightning paco on such a theme as that popular preaching does not always atop irroligion ; but then the beauty of the other method is that tho pages are already written. Directly tho accident of a book being writton in p-isonhns been selected ostliocontral thread the book is potentially written. Sir Walter Raleigh, for example, is known by evory ono to havo written a book in prison. Out comes tlio volume-of an Encyclopedia with R, and down goea tho lifo of a " Prison Author." Of course an author who is in tho least up to his work invosts tho accidental centre on which he has pitched with a high moral moaning. Tho dark and lonely cell, we read in the. preface, " lias become a holy placo, which tho song of tlio poet, the story of the novelist, the truths of the philosopher, tho prayers of the martyr, tho aspirations of tho patriot have glorified ; and from theso glorifiers of tho prison a few have boon takon." Ono of tlio glorifiers of the : prison to whom a largo portion of the volume is devoted is Dr. Dodd, who, on the eve of being hanged for forgery, wrote a volume of sanctimonious trasli which he called his " Prison Thoughts." Tho moral purpose and tho glory of tho cell are rather obscured hero; but it would liavo boon rather too marked if almost tlio only book written in prison that bore an allusion to tho locality in its title bad bcon excluded from tho cataloguo of that valuable class of literature. There is, however, no reason why a book put together' in this way should not bo readable and plea sant, A writer may deoido on compiling tho lives of tbo first six persons whoso names ho oporis oh in a dictionary, and yet liis compilation may bs interesting. This is tho signal advantage of the second method of bookmaking ovor tho first. "Prison Books" is a readablo volumo in .its way, for tlio author lies not spoilt his materials, and biographies of ont-of-tho-way people aro fair food for an idle hour ; whereas tlio " Unpopular Yiow" Booms to us about as li'.tlo worth reading a9 a book can be. Book makers, therefore, who have not yet decided on tlieir field of labour, will, we think, do well to profit by tlio comparison of thoso volumes, and hod better toss up how thoy shall arrange portions of an' encyclopmdiii rather than moralise on the shortcomings of English society. "Whore 60 you lioil from?" Queried a Yankeo, of a traveller. " Where do you rain from;?" "Don't rain at all," said tho asto nished. Jonathan. "Neither do I. hail: so mind your own business." i 