COLONIAL POLITICS, FROM A SCOTTKn POINT OF VIEW Irish 11\. . From the Scotsman.) I IT is amusing to note the mingled conceit and modesty of the comments which Australian journalists mail! I | upon the political phenomena of their respective colonies in their mail summaries. " Teach your my mother to suck eggs," is the cry which first takes," the HOB when a Briton reads these antipodean coan BCIB that the mother-country, warned by the example of her offshoots, should avoid their political excesses' but at the same time our monitors express the opinion with a frankness which must surely cost them the loss of many subscribers amongst the "many," portion of their constituencies, at all events "currency lads" being about the most sensitively self-satisfied people in existence that the Austral m cobiiL are only coupon rate to be experimented upon for the best fit of the mother-country. The conditions of society being so different on this and on that side of the world, we cannot unhesitatingly accept the losses on the extension of the franchise which our southern brethren of Conservative tendencies would fain teach us. We must, however, admit that the dominance of democracy-or rather ochlocracy-in Aui'tilta may not raised her character, or protected her prosperity Itt New South Wales, we learn from the last advice'" a Legislative Assembly has been returned almost! unanimously in favour of " free selection before sut. vey." Many of the squatters, in consequence are resolved to migrate to Queensland or South Australia, whilst others who have runs t J the north of the Mur. ray entertain the project of agitating for the severance of their almost exclusively pastoral portion of New South Wales from New South Wales, and its erect ' turn into a separate colony. The present Premier of New South Wales, Mr. Cowper, has again justified his colonial nickname of "Slippery Charlie by by coming an enthusiastic advocate of Mr. Robertson's bill, the characteristic feature of which three year ago found anything but favour in his eyes. The " honourable " gentleman does not profess to have changed his opinion on this point, but has admitted with a cucumber) cool candour, that, to obtain place, he found it necessary to stifle his convictions, Mr. Cowper must have some queer sensations when he looks around him in Macquarie-street. He is almost the sole remaining legislator of the "old set of New South Welsh politicians. Not a single member of the Donaldson Cabinet now writes " M.L.A.," or the dolly pompous, but generally preferred " M.]?. " utter his name. The entire Ministiyoi even that shallow, smart popularity-hunting young lawyer, Mr. Forster, has been laid upon the shelf. Property proved a disqualification during the late election in New South Wales. What is far worse, character and experience were equally despised. The present Legislative Assembly consists of-for the most part -men whom from no stand-point, intellectual, moral), or social, their fellow- colonists can look up to with respect. However, such an Assembly has been returned, and it is virtually omnipotent ; the Legislative Council, owing to its nominated nature, and the power of the Ministry to swamp opposition in it by od libitum additions, being utterly impotent for any, thing but the registration of the acts of the nominally "lower" but actually despotic House. The arguments against " free selection before survey" appear to us-if, at the distance of the world's diameter, we may express an opinion very strong. The " unlock-the-land" party in New South Wales have asserted that only by pa milting those who want blocks to select them where they choose con the existent demand for farms be satisfied, and that any persons who oppose this scheme are selfish members or tools of the "squatter. cracy." The land, however, which the pre-Cowpetiie Ministry proposed to have surveyed in the best agricultural districts would have supplied the bona fide demand for many years to come. (Returned colonists inform us that those who most clamour for the unlocking of the lands in New South Wales have, generally speaking, never been, or thought of going, beyond Parramatta or Windsor, which are "bush' to them.) Moreover, without previous survey those who may select land at a distance from any road or river will be unable to distinguish it with legally satisfactory minuteness, and horse and cattle stealers will find their already far too facile chances of felony greatly facts. stated. " Again, it is proposed to spend four millions in New South Wales on public works. The Sydney Morn tug Btrrli points out, with the clear common sense which characterises the articles of that paper, the injurious Fect of such a plan on the " labour market " of New South Wales. It shows, referring to Victorian experience, that an artificially raised rate of wages leads to their depression when immigration is suspended. The Sydney Morning Herald and the Melbourne Argus agree in stating flat when a colonial Government becomes a competitor for labour with private employers at the same time, as in both colonies, owing to popular clamour, has been the ridiculous result, damming an influx of " new- come" laboure i wages have fallen from the dates of the respective repressions of the really necessary arrivals. The situation of Melbourne politics being so " curious " that even the editor of the Melbourne Argus almost "'despairs " of " being able to convey any adequate idea of it to British readers, we do not venture, to attempt an explication of the same. We can perceive, however, that in Melbourne, as in Sydney, persons of no consequence of character have managed to make themselves dangerous arbitrators of the destiny of one of the finest colonies of Great 13 itain. ' AN ENGLISHMAN- S GHOST.-Near Suviseshapuram (the town of the gospel is a lofty red sandhills, which at the beginning of this century was chosen as the first station for the trigonometry" survey of South India. About a mile or two distant from this station is an inveterately heathen town called Illamully, abounding with pey coils or devil-houses, the largest of these, at least the largest of the altars in these, being dedicated to a pey called Pooley-Sahib. He is the favourite, i e. the most dreaded deity of the place, is hymned in a lengthy poem of some merit, of which the translation of a great part was read to me, and is at tempted to be appeased by offerings of mutton, arrack, and cheroots. And whom do you imagine this mysterious personage to be You will be as much astonished as I was to learn that he is nothing more or less, than the spirit of an English officer, of the name of Pole, or Powell, 01 some other similar name, metamorphosed by the Hindoos into Pooley, who was killed in 1869, at the taking of the Arambooly lines, and carried back to the station on the hill to be buried. Having met with a violent death, his ghost was supposed to be the cause of all the sickness of man and beast in the neighbourhood. A man could not get a headache in a walk past the grave, but the Englishman's spirit was taxed as the author of it. The senseless Illamulley-ites at length sent a deputation, inviting the spirit to their town, bribing it with the offer of a larger altar than any that has been erected there, promised offerings such as they shrewdly imagined would be most grateful to an English officer's ghost, and provided, I fusion-, a native poet to prepare a hymn to be sung on iii.' fairly solemn occasions. This hymn speaks --t Pota Sahib, as one of the greatest of hornet, ah 11 i t conqueror of Madura, Tinnelley, he, describes the attempts of his wife (a second Andromache) to dissuade him from the fatal fight, speaks of his power since death to inspire men with madness, and to say with a blow or a breath whole herds of cattle. Memoir of the Peo. Thomas Oyston Royland, B.D. , - ItF.MEMimn LOT'S WIFE.-" Our city," says a Philadelphia friend, " has some divines whose sermons are more noted for their length than depth. One of them, ' Dr. Bull, happening Borne eighteen months since, to pass the Sabbath in a small town in New Jersey, not far distant from this city, was invited to preach. He accepted the invitation, and spoke for an hour and a half from the text, ' Remembc r List's wife.' ItiBBaidthat the church bell had to be rung at the conclusion of the sermon, to rouse the steamers. This report, however, needs confirmation. List month the Doctor was in the same town, and was again invited to preach. He announced his text, ' Remember Lot s wife.' At this juncture a staid old Jersey farmer, sitting half-way down the middle aisle, was observed picking up his hat and things, and as the injunc- tion. of Remember Lot's Wife,' was a second time sounded in his ears, he rose, and in a voice distinctly audible throughout the church, exclaimed, I Haven't forgot her since you were here last time,' and immediately executed a rapid movement towards the door. -Harper's New Monthly Magazine. ,, TALE or AN E_r.rii.iNT..-"Tell my grand-children, said the late Right Rev. Daniel Wilson, writing home from India, that an elephant bore had a disease in his eyes. For three days he had been completely blind. His owner, an engineer officer, asked my dear Dr. Webb if he could do moving to relieve the poor animal. The doctor said no would try nitrate of silver, which was 1 remedy commonly applied to similar diseases in the human eye. The --Re animal was ordered to lie down, and it first, on the application of the remedy, raised a most . extraordinary learnt the acute pain which it occasioned. The offer, however, was wonderful. The eye was in a manner restored, and the animal could actually see. The next day, when he! yw brought, and heard the doctor. voice, he laid down of urges self, placed his enormous head on one side, curled up new trunk, drawing his breath just like a man about to ensure an operation, gave a sigh of relief when it was over, me then, by trunk and gestures evidently wished to express my gratitude What sagacity 1 What, a lesson to us patience !" 