CONFIRMATION AT THE SACRED HEART. On Sunday morning, the children who have been under instruction for some weeks past were admitted for the first time to Holy Communion, and after wards were Confirmed by his Grace the Archbishop. The children began to assemble shortly after seven o'clock in the large building attached to the Female Home — the boys under the care of the members of the confraternity of Christian Doctrine, and the girls under. the Sisters oi Charity. The appearance of the. children was very imposing. The girls were all dressed in white, with veils — emblems of that white robe which adorned their souls, and which was ; symbolized ' in the outer garment; the bo)s were also neatly and respectably attired. There were about fifty children from the Asylum for des titute children at Rand wick, who had been brought in omnibuses gratuit6usly sent by Mr. Dixon, of the South Head Road, There were altogether 116 girls' and 74 boys confirmed. Shortly after eight o'clbck the procession was formed, the boys from the Asylum taking the lead,- and they proceeded from the Female Home to the Church ringing that beautiful and appropriate hymn, ' O Jesus, Jesus.' In the church they all1 knelt before the. Altar of the Blessed Virgin. Before commencing the Mass, Father Sheridan read the Acts of Faith, Hope, and Charity, and the prayers before Communion. During Mass thechoir sang several sacred pieces. The girls were first admitted to the Altar.rails to receive Holy Communion, and then the boys. After Mass, they returned in the same order in which they had come to theHome.singing the hymnc. after, Communion. By the kindness of the following ladies — Mrs. E. Butler, Mrs.'M'Nab, Mrs. Hart, the Misses White, Mrs. Mulroney, and Mrs. Keigan — an ample supply of tea and cake had been, pro vided for their breakfast, to which they all did. full iustic2. The Hall, which is admirably suited for tea-parties, was crowded by the parents and friends ; of the children, many of whom occupied themselves in waiting and attending to their wants. ; , At eleven o'clock Mass the children who had had the happiness to make their First Communion at the the early Mass, received the sacrament of Confirma tion from the hands of his Grace the Archbishop, The' Church was densely crowded by persons anxious to witness the administration of the sacra ment. The persons, who were to receive the sacra ment occupied the front seats, the girls and women those in the naive, and the boys and men those, in the aisle on the gospel side of the altar. At. the conclusion of the English .prayers, which were.said by Father Sheridan, the holy sacrifice was cele brated by Father Walsh, after which the Archbishop, left the sanctuary and after a few moments re appeared and took his , seat in a chair winon naa been, provided for him on the steps in front oft the. altar, attended by Father Sheridan andthe.ReVi :J. N.. Quirk. He then addressed a few! words to those who were about to be - confirmed, reminding them that by the sacrament of Baptism they were. ad-.- mitted to the privilege of becoming members of the Catholic Church by that of Confirmation, they be come 8rrong and perfect Christians and soldiers of. Jesus Christ, and received all the gifts of the Holy Ghost. to strengthen them and enable them, to per severe .in the conflict against the powers of the world and of darkness. Until the day of Pentecost the Apostles concealed themselves for feat; of falling into the. hands of the Jews, but immediately after the Holy Ghost descended upon them they cast asid^aU fear, and St. Poter deliyered^that w'onderful sermon which we read of in the Acts of the Apostles, by which so great a number 'of' persons were converted. Previous to the administration of the Sacrament his Grace announced that the giils and women who were to be confirmed would receive the name of Mary, and the boys and meH that of. Joseph, by which they would be placed untie'r the special protection of the Ever Blessed/Mother of God, and of the great St. Joseph. The! candidates for the reception of the sacrament then advanced two at a time, the girls and women first, and1 thea the boys and men to the feet of his Grace, and after re ceiving the sacraments retired in the same 'order. At the conclusion of the ceremony his' Grace again briefly addressed those who had received the sacra ment, Reminding them of the duties arid respohsi. bilities they had incurred, and warned them against the temptations and dangers to' which they would be exposed during their pilgrimage through' the world. He particularly cautioned the- girlsfagafrist vanity and the love of dress, which were the prolific1 source of so many sins and temptations to them j against frequenting theatres and places of public amusement by which they incurred so much 'hazard of falling into sin, and against curiosity and idle ness ithe prolific sources of so many evils,' and dwelt especially on the cultivation of the virtue oL humility as one of the best preservatives against the dangers and temptations to which our Virtue' would be exposed through life. He reminded those who had had the blessiag of receiving the' grace of the sacrament of Confirmation, that they had that day pi need themselves under the especial protection of ths Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph, and exhorted them; to persevere to the end of 'their lives in: the good ^dispositions' they enjoyed at the ipresentr. time.. The ceremony concluded oy tne aamimsirauuii oj. the pontifical benediction. In spite' of .' the: large crowd assembled, the greatest good order and re guladty prevailed, and no confusion1 whatever was observable in any part of .the Church. We cannot conclude without a word of congratulation on the very efficient manner in which the ladies who form the choir of the Church (for with the exception of Mr. Turner, the organist, we could distinguish no male Voice), performed the music selected for the occasion. We believe this is almost the only Church in the metropolis whose choir is supported by Catholics and members of the congregation, and we should be glad to see the example followed more extensively in all our Churches, for without attempting in the slightest degree to deprecate the talents of those ladies and gentlemen who are pro- fessionally engaged in our chorus, it would be very much to the credit of our own people if they assis- ted and showed a little more interest in the musical part of the services of the Church than they do at present. On next Sunday afternoon, it 'half-past two, all wlio received' confirmation will, assetnbleat the SJacced Heart to receive picturW in renaierabrance of the happy event. ? ; / J .' ' 