THURSDAY, JULY 4, 1SG1. In tho Legislate o Counoil yesterday, His Excellency attended at kail? past four o'clock, to give the Royal assent to certain bula and prorogue Parliament The Legislativo Assembly having been sum raonccl, and tbo Spoakor-attended by tho ser- geant at arms, the clerks of the House, the Ministry, and niomborsjof the Assembly-having; tikon a chair pliced for him at the bil, Ilis E\CEM,ENCY gavo the Royal assent to the) following bdls -1 The Appropriation Bill. 2, Tho Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill. 3. The Melbourne and Essendon Railway Aot Amondraent Bill. 1 The St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Extension Bill ö Tho OiBuals in Par- liament Act Amendmont Bill C Tho Melbourne and Suburban Railway Act Amendment Bill. 7, Tho Pawnbrokers Bul. His ExcELiJí¡\or then leid the Viceiegal speech (which will bo found at leugth in our re- port of the proceedings of Paihimcnt) It stated tho necessity tbat hil arisen for a dissolution oi Parliament, referred to tho i eductions m the expenditure of tho eounciy, rejoiced m the adoption of a sjstem of assisted immigration, regiettcd that the land Siles Act had no1 realized tho hope3 entertained rcgirdin¿ it, anc cxpi cased a trust that tho occupation tnd culti vation licences might bo found so benoäciil thai the system might bo extended, and disappoint incnt that man} meastlics of the first important had necessarily been left over to another Parlia mont. Addressing the Legislativo Assembly, Hi Excellency thanked tito members for tho liberalit; of the supplies and the provision foi eutiuslini local bodies with the oxponditure of tho ^'os fo roads and bridges, but protested, on behalf o Her Majesty, against tho limitation of tho issu of the supplies to tho close of next month " unless Parliament bo then sitting " The strio line of duty would ha\e justifiod the rejection o the bill, but regard for the consequences to th credit and prosperity of tho country had iniltico His Excellenoy to refrain from that slop, wbi ho expressed a hope that the good neilpo of th country would prevent the attempt to coerce th Executive being drawn into a precedent His EvcELLLNCir Ilion prorogued Parlnmen to the 17th inst. In the Legislativo Assembly jesterda^, th business was unimportant and formnl. On th return of the Speaker and members from waitm upon His Excellenoy m the Logmlatuo Couuci aud the SPEAKLB having road tho \ ice regj speech, amidst demonstrations of dissent from th opinions expressed m various pissngo,, The House broke up for tho session. Tho parting address of Sir HENRY BARKLY to his Parliament is at onco a political manifesto and a piece justifica- tive for the HBALES Ministry. ît is couched in languago which, for som.9 years at least, has boon unfamiliar to the Viofcorian people. Wo are very sure that it is such language as has never been hold by king or queen to the Parliament of England, at any timo these two hundred and twenty years. A perusal of thiB peremptory document is, indeed, calculated to shako our faith in tho realities of our own colonial history. If wo have thought that we possess the privilege of solf . government, it is clear that we have been the victims of a strange delusion. The Constitution is all a dream, which has been rudely dispelled by Sir HENRY BARKLY. "VYo awake to the fact that wo are still a dependency, not trusted' to walk alone-still an appanage of Downing-strect, yet unable to know what is good for ourselves. Let us accept the discnohantmont in the best spirit we may. Let us bow our heads boforo the supreme power, who is good enough to tell us of our faults and to undertake their correction. Havo we believed that wo could bast manago our own affairs? Sir HENRY BARKLY is hero to teaoh us tua contrary. The chain has only been relaxed, not broken; and wo are still the ohildren of the Colonial Office. Wo aro not fit to ohooso our own Minis- ters and to spend our own money. Wo "have rofusod to bo governed in the manner that Sir HENRY BARKLY pleases, and we aro told what a number of good acts wo haye lost in consequence. Mourning over these lost aots, with AU. effusion truly paternal, the GOVERNO?», rebukes us for our blindness, our objti naoy, our violations of the Consticutioa, and our indifforence to the merits of b*x_ best of Ministries. The Assembly, thus imperially bullied and lcoturcd, may ask, with a natani curiosity, who ÍB it that renders this parting grace to them? Is it the GOVERNOR, in his own absoluto porâon, or the Ministry whioh has been con- demned, and which, has. been lying for sentenoo during this last fortnight ? The publio may bo pardoned for being in some bewilderment on this subject. Tbey naturally desire to soparato His EXCB-IIENOY as ¡much/, as -possible, from the conduct of his Miniitcrs, bat they -;- ' '"" ' --? jtannot forget« what' thoy have heard /luring the last two or three nights Through the mouths of Ministors them boives. Is this address intended to r-peak the sentiments of Sir HENRY BARKLY himself, or is it a document prepared by his responsible advisors? On Tuesday night, the Attorney general informed us that he had nothing to do with the bringing down of tho GOVERNOR'S message, pro- posing an amendment in the Appropria >îon Bill. Is Mr. IRELAND equally guiltless of the various opinions on law, propriety, and tho Constitution, which aro contained in this manifesto from Go- vernment House ? Wo maybe pardoned for not being able to distinguish the GOVERNOR from ihc Ministry in this most extraordinary production. Mr. HEALES himself, dis- missing the Assembly on his own quarrel, «¡ould not have framed a more ingenious plea for tho Administration. It is a Ministerial statement, indeed, and not a Governor's speech, whioh was deli- vered to Parliament yesterday after- noon. Mr. HEALES himself could not desoribe his oaso more favour ubly than in tho first gontenco of the ¡vddress:-"Tho recent action taken " by a majority of tho Legislativo As " sembly having rendered an appeal te " the country desirable for a solution ol " the difficulties created by tho manj " changes of Government that have " taken placo since tho present Parlia " ment was elected, I feel justifiod ii " releasing you from your legislative " duties." "When has a deliberate vote of Parlia ment been spoken of more contempfcu ously as " the action of a majority ?' What aro the difficulties created bj " the many ohanges of Government,' and what pains has the GOVERNOI taken to solve those difficulties ! The aotion of a majority, to tho Go VERNOR, is tho aotion of the Houso He has no constitutional knowlcdgo o: Minister^ difficulties until ho ha¡ tried and failed to give effeot te the vote of the House. Ho did no1 make tho trial, and by what righi does he talk of difficulties ? Ho maj fall back, indeed, on his prerogative and dissolve, without telling us why; but whon^ho condescends to givo reason! he is bound to keep within the foui corners of the Constitution. Tho Con stitution knew of no difficulties at th< period of the late vote against Mr HEALES whioh could not have been, a was notorious, easily and speedily solved The same "aotion of tho majority1 whioh had summarily condemned Mr HEALES, was ablo to have provided ui with his successors, had Sir HENRI BARKLY pleased. As to the protest whioh the Go VEENOR has thought fit to utta against the limitation imposed by th Houso on the issue of supplies, i is surprising that he should hav< been so ill-advised as to make this ; mattor affecting himself as the QUEEN' representative, and that ho should hav hazarded a statement so intrepid as tua " conditions of this sort are utterly a " variance with the usage of the mothoi " country since tho principles of 0011 " stitutional government were settled a " the Revolution, nearly two centurie " ago." It is a pity that His ExcEi LENCY will descendió give reasons for hi acts. The practice of ratiocination is ¡ very fatal one to people in exeoutiv authority; and we may instance thi Ecntcnco as a samplo of the hopelo3 confusion into which gentlemen fron Downing-street aro apt to fall whei they wander into the regions of constitu iional research. Nothing oanbo oleare than that the Houso had a right t limit the supplies in any manner i pleases, and Sir HENRY BARKLY'I own act, in ignoring what ho calls " th " aotion of the majority," was quito ! sufficient justification for the exercise o this right on this particular ocoasion The House could not consistently re fuse to limit tho power of a Ministr whioh it had declared unworthy c confidence; and it was not boun to accept Sir HENRY BARKLY'S re fusal of that vordiot as proof that i waa wrongful or undeserved. There i no other constitutional mode by whio' the Houso oan exorcise a oheok over th Royal prerogative than by taking suo a course as that whioh the GOVERNO condemns; and it is preposterous 1 allege that " conditions of this sort ai " utterly at variance with the usage < " the mother-country, since the tru " principles of constitutional govori " mont have been settled." If sue conditions have not been frequently in posed, it is because occasions havo voi rarely risen of lato for their imposition but it is by tho very resort to this pra tico, namely, of limiting the supplio that the Constitution of England hi been brought to its present admirab balance A very memorable instaut of the exorcise of this privilege, i circumstances somowhat parallel to out may be found quoted in May (pa¿ 424). In 1784, when Mr. PITT was i a minority in the Houso of Common and it was well known that he was on] waiting for the supplies in order to di solvo tho Parliament, the Houso passe a stringent resolution, dedaring it high crime and misdemeanour for at person to pay publie moneys, after ti Ïrorogation, without tho authority 'arliament. Inasmuoh as the great tight contains tho less, .so, if ti Houso has a right to refuse the pow of appropriation altogether, it has right to restriot it, and to surround with any conditions it thinks fit. TI is the fundamental principio of what known all over the world as tho Briti Constitution; and it is astounding find tho Governor of VICTORIA entire ignorant of so essential a matter. It is soarcelyless surprising to obsoi that Sir HENRY BARKLY has oi desoended, in other parts of his speei to deliver the political programme tho Heales Ministry, and to render apology for its shortcomings. Tho p cedents of tho mother-country rr be ransacked in vain for an instai of a sovereign putting in a plea foi fallen Ministry, by enumerating i various good things it would havo de had it been permitted to do them. A who oan foil to recognize hero " i "sweetRoman hand" of the Minis who came so late to the House, with lprgo~a bag of bills? Who but tixJlc cwn father could have, mourned so em- phatically over this long list of abor- tions? Who but the author of a ht_ opinion on the ocoupation licenoes could, fpeak so glibly of their advantages ia " eeouring homesteads to the poople, " and in attaohing them to the soil ?'» As Mr. IRELAND has oaptured Mr. Sun.1 iivAN for his Comniisioner of OuatDms so ho has taken possession of Sir H_va, BARKLY as the Ministerial adyooita during tho coming elections. Tho squatting system in the United States has been the fruitful source oE oivil disoord, orimo, and illicit specula« tion. It baa frequently retarded set- tlement, and it has thrown somo of the best land in tho baok country into the hands of meroonary and unprincipled, «¿venturera, who hold their own by what are called " tomahawk rights," and whose occupation of their claim* ia signified, acoording to the testimo'iy of a recent visitor, by no better evidiooa than a slip of paper nailed to a tree, the document being thus insoribed :-. "This is JEM BARTON'S claim ; and " he'll shoot the first follow as o ¡nea " within a mile of it." These squattera toke up their 160 or 320 acres, upon the principle of " free selection b;fora " Rurvoy." lu many instances, tho land is merely staked out, and in soms_, the squatter considers that ho has esta- blished his pre-emptive right by merely flinging his axe upon the ground selected; and, if the claim isjumpjd, the rifle or the tomahawk is appealed ti, for tho purpose of vindicating the title impugned. When the progress of turvey and the flow of population westward overtake the squatter, ha is entitled to purehaso the land tquatted on at the upset prioe, and ho makes his own terms with the lona fide fcttler, who probably has to buy out the squatter at a eum preposterously in excess of the price paid to the Govern' ment for the land. The most eminent American statesmen havo concurred in reprobating this obnoxious system, and in denouncing theso squatters as a mercenary and mischievous obstacle to the progress of settlement. "Squat " ter sovereignty," however, is pira mount in the 3?>r West, and the central Government is powerloss te grapple with an evil of whioh it re- cognizes the magnitude, but cannol abate its activity. Yet this is tho systen which Mr. BROOKE and his oollea<»uei aro endeavouring to introduce into Vic loria, and to multiply its misohiefa b; diminishing the area of the holding which aro oapablo of being squatte upon. Instead of the ono devil, whiol Mr. DON proposed to exorcise and t drive beyond the Murray, we are t tako unto ourselves, not merely sovec but sevon thousand other spirits, exe one moro wioked than the first. Instsi of the old pioneers of settlement, wto their Hooks and their herds, wo aro t witness the oreation of a legion of l.tac pharks, who will stand between th Government and tho actual settler. In the neighbourhood of Ballara' as wo loam from the Star, th issuo of the recent regulations he had tho effect of transferring "lan " speculation from the large to th " small capitalist. They have increase " the possibility of occupying the lan " unbenefioially. Lawyers, auctioneer, " clerks, miners, shopkeepers, and loat'od " havo fairly besieged the office of tli " Crown Lands Commissioner, plan i " hand and application in form, ii " one for a moment supposes that thes " men mean to cultivate, or even to n " side on the land for whioh they appl; " The wildest imagination never tsu " peetcd that they are seeking for au; " thing but a good spcoulation." Vi from encouraging those industrious pe sons who havo beneficially occupie small plots of Crown land adjacent i tho various leads, and who have eke out the income they derived from mi ing pursuits by tho cultivation of mark gardens, it seems to be the policy of t1: Government to give overy possible a vantage to more speculators, who, acoor ing to tho journal just quoted, " aro " eager to monopolizo, as far as the " means will permit, as tho squatt " who is the object of their daily c1 " nunoiation." And one of the woi features of tho system is that t' issue of the " occupation licences under whioh the new race of squatte will be empowered to hold the lal claimed, will rest with the President, the Board of Lands and Survey. K the moro eligible squattages, there wi of courso, be a keen competition, and what considerations is the adjudicxt on the olaims of the rival applica' likely to bo governed in making his c oisions at any time, and much moro the present? Will regard be ha! the " correct opinions " of the favour claimant, or will tho Minister caro disobligo the friend of a Govornmi pnnriiiíiirn for ro-election? Largo tracts of valuable forest I m4 ero stated to have beon applied for, under these regulations, in tho district of Ballarat, and the licences, if granted, will tond to the creation of a monopily in the supply of timber for mining and other purposes, which will toll disas- trously upon the interests of tho minors on that gold-field, where the consumption, of timber for slabbing, both on tho deep leads and tho quartz reefs, is something enormous, while tho price of that article constitutes a most important elemont ia the cost of producing tho gold. Extensive areas of auriferous ground are likely to 1 o taken up, and a fresh olass of sq'iit« ting speculators called into oxistcuoj, who will havo to bo bought out of thair claims by the legitimate miners j mi the whole scopo of these regulatbriä seems to be the concession, at the 'rill of tho Minister for tho timo being, of spcoial privileges to a number of factor» or middle-men, who will stand in tua same relation to the lona fide miners and oultivators as the squatters o£ Kansas and Missouri do to ..tho ia dustrious and genuino settlers. The proclamation itself bears so many marks of crudity in ita preparation ani haste in its issue, and tho subsequenS conduct of tho Government in regari to it betrays so much indcoision and per- plexity, as to justify the suspicion that it was promulgated under tho^.i'nfltt« .ecce of>a rash impulse, ia tho vagas loto of acquiring for ita authors a little popularity npon' the gold-field*. Tho possible' immediate result was only looked at, and the ultimate and per- manent consequenoes wore either utr foreseen or disregarded. Its policy was on a par with its legality; and the advico tendered to His EXCELLENCY by his rosponsiblo advisers was equivalent in value to the legal opinion which they obtained from the Attorney-General on the subjeot. Yesterday, tho 1860-61 session of tho Viotorian Parliament carno to a closo, having been pro- rogued by His Exoellency, with a [view to tho im. ¡mediato dissolution of. the Legislativo Assembly. Tho ceremony waa attended with all the usual ?éclat, and moro than tho UBual interest shown by ibo publio on such occasions was manifested in this instance. Tho Assembly mot at the usual hour, tlio Speaker wearing hiB robes of state and the Sergeant- at-Arms his official costume. The Council mot with less than their ordinary punctua- lity, but TI hen tho Presidont entered, tho atten- dance w-is beyond tho avorogo, twenty members liciug present, In front of the Parliamentary buildings, a detachment of the 40th Regiment, under Captains Baddeley and Hinds, was drawn tip, and, in spite of the rain, a considerable number of spectators assembled in the reserve In the Legislative Council Chamber the usual ¡preparations were mode. Lady Barkly, Mis? Uaritly, Mrs. Pratt and party, occupied places ou the right hand, near tho Presi" ?dent's chair, and the seats usually ocoupied by the mombora were given up to the ladies. Tho galleries were filled with spectators, and in the passages a raised platform was placeo' to accommodate the numorous onlookers for whom ?seats could not bo provided. A fow minutei beforo tho hour-half-past four o'olock-at whicl His Excollonoy had arranged to bo prosent liis approaoh was announced by tho usher, ant immediately afterwards ho alighted, amids cheors from tho nssomblod crowd. His Bxoolloiio; was oscorted from tho Government House by i .squadron of tho First Viotorian Mounted Volun teers, and his departure..from the House on hi way to Parliament was signalled by a salute o nineteen guns, flrcd by a party of tho Voluntee Ailillory, from tho usual place near Prince' Bridge. His Excellency was accompanied b Major-General Pratt, and attended by Lieuts nant- Colonol Carey, Captain Bancroft, Captaii Timins, Lieutenant Poster (whoso" breast wa decorated with two crosses and a medal), Di Mowatt, and Deputy- Commissary-Genoral Mylrec The American, Prussian, Swedish, Swiss, an Hamburg consuls also attended hi uniform. Th Legislativo Assembly having been summoned i 4ho usual manner, tho Spoaker-preceded b the sorgcant-at-arms, and attendod by th «'cries of the Houso, tho Chief Secretary, til Attorney-General in his robes, and other men bers of tho Ministry, and a largo body of mon hers- appeared at tho bar. Tho Speakoi having handed in the Appropriation Bil it immediately received tho Royal assont, amid suppressed applause from the members of ti lower House. Othor measures having rccoivi the Boyal assent, His Excellency proceeded Tead tho Boyal speech, various passages of wiri ti oro received with suppressed murmurs of d «ont from membors of tho Lower Houso, a: au audible " No" followed that part of t address which stated that tho insertion of t restrictivo clause in tho Appropriation Act .vaded the prerogative of the Crown. His Exe lency read tho address in a low tono, but in impressive manner. A copy of tho spec having been handed to tho Speaker by diroeti of His Excellency, tho Speaker wilhdrow w tho usual ceremony. His Excellency then bon io tho President and members of the Legit tivo Council and retired, and the Parham «f 18C0-1 was no moro. Tho Governor, on »departure, received tho samo marks of resp ihat attendod his alighting-tho military p Renting arms, the guns sounding asaluto, and I tho Assembly gathered in their own chamb and Sir Francis Murphy, standing at table, road tho Vice-regal Speech. Various _i «ages were received with groans; ono mom (Mr. Pyke) in his oxcitoment toro up his oo and throw the fragments on tho floor. Al shaking hands with Sir Francis Murphy, members speedily deserted tho chamber, m -of tho retiring M.L.A.'s no doubt feeling, they passed out, that their shadows would no again darken the floor of the Legislative Assi Hy. Thus closed the Parliament elected in autumn of 1859. The St. Kilda Munioipal Council held their weekly meeting last evening. The chairman, B. Cowderoy, Esq., and all the councillors, were present. A letter was read from the town clerk of Prahran, stating that the Prahran Council had appointed their chairman, together with Coun- cillors Campbell and Lacey, to confer with the committee of the St. Kilda Council upon the state of the Punt- road. Councillor Tullett was added to the St. Kilda sub-committee, to make the numbers equal. The Legislative Committee brought up their report, with new rules and re- gulations for the management and enjoyment of the town commonage ; also the rules and regu- lations to be observed by the herdsman, then about to be appointed. The council unanimously adopted the report, with the rules, &c.;, and proceeded to elect a herdsman from the ten applications for the office, whose tenders ranged from 4d. to 1s. per week per head of horses and cattle. The choice of the council fell upon Beagley, the late herdsman, whose offer was at the rate of 6d. per week. It was resolved to accept a tender for lighting with oil lamps some outlying portions of the district in East and South St. Kilda, where the gas mains are not yet laid down ; it was resolved to employ a chemist to make a photometrical and analytical examination of gas at present supplied by the Melbourne Gas Company, as there were many complaints from the inhabitants of the municipality that their gas-meters were now registering about thirty per cent. more than they consumed at the corre- sponding period of last year, with the same num- ber of burners. Tho value of tho gold-mines of Ballarat le inferred from a statement by the Star, t' «bare in the Working Minors' Company has sold for £785. Tho resignation by Colonel Pitt of tho mand of tho volunteers was tho subject of'go conversation yestordoy, and occasioned questions being put to tho Treasurer in Houso of Assembly. Tho Treasurer oxpt that the resignation might possibly havo occasioned by a memorandum written by ibut if so, thero must have boon a misunders »tig as to its intent. A hopo is oxpressed the resignation may yet bo withdrawn. ^ Woodend can boast of a company of mo lines, and will, it is said, soon havo its 1»per-tho Woodend Courier and' Valí and West Bourke Advertiser. The Venerable the Archdeacon of Gi (says tho Advertiser) is to leavo England, 1 Kont, on the 20th July. A special meeting oí tho members o Caledonian Soeioty of Victoria was hold yes1 aflornoou, at their offices in Queen-Btreot, f purpose of electing officers for tho onsuhif Thero was a good attendant», Mr. Thomas «on presiding, in tho absence of Angus M'J -Geo,., the president. Tho minutos of ti «cding meeting wero confirmed, after some thseussion. In accordance with a wish oxp tiysomo gentlemon prosont, tho secretar the certificate of tho auditors appoini ««»mino the accounts. It stated th« inionnt received tallied with the n «Li ^k0t8t B0,d "* th0 ftnnual K»" «na that the accounts genotaUy.were.© *Hfl meeting thoa proceeded to the else; : directors and officers,, and .'at the liour tho poll vas closed, the followinggentlcmcn were declared ?to bo olectod:-President, Angus M'Millan . Esq. ; vice-president, P. ' Langwili j dirootors, Messrs. John Grant, Dr. Haddon, Thomas Diok ton, John Campbell, J. V. A. Bruce, D. E Thompson, J. S. Butters, George Urquhart, "W. . B. Hamilton, D. Macdougall, George Simpson, und W. P. M'Girr. In answor to a question put io lum, tho vico-prcsidont stated that the money labilities of tho society wore¿£100, the liabilities to the late direotors £300, and tho open account £100-in all, £500. To juveniles (of all ages) given to angling, it may be interesting to know that the Acclimatisa- tion Society is offering to buy small Murray River cod and other river fish for transmission to England, we believe by the Lincolnshire. As the cod is now readily caught all along the banks of the Yarra, a money value may give additional zest to an attractive sport, and a half-holiday need not necessarily be lost time. At the meet- ing of the committee yesterday, it was reported that the day before thirty fine Murray River lobsters, full of spawn, had been deposited in the river at Yarra Bond. But the honour of the introduction of this particular fish into the Yarra belongs, we understand, to Mr. Casello, who some time since took stops to confer the fresh water lobster on the dwellers on the banks of our metropolitan river. At the monthly meeting of the GcelongBar Com mittee, on Tuesday lost, it wits stated that a tota of 49,000 cubio yards of stuff remained to bl dredged from the two-chain channel, and a 00,000 yards had been excavated duiing tho pre ceding six months, it was anticipated that th work would bo finished by the end of Decembe next, when tho two dredges would bo removed. Yesterday afternoon, between three and fou o'clock, a short but sovoro hailstorm passed ovo Molbourno, coming from the north-west. Con siderablo quantities of rain af tem ai ds fell, dunn tho evening and night. From tho countr; journals wo observe that rain has lately fallon i largo quantities, both to the north and west. At tho Bichmond Polico Court yeotordaj a peculiar charge was brought against a womit named Mary Booth, It appeared that a Mi Patrick Fahey had three cows poisoned, an that tho prisoner Booth was supposed to be th guilty party. Dr. Macadam, the Goveramon analytical chemist, was presont at tho iuquirj but stated that he had not had timo to analys the contents of tho stomach. Tho caso wo thoroforo postponed until Wednesday next, th woman boing admitted to bail. It is suppose that strychnine was tho poison used. Yesterday afternoon, an adjourned genen meeting of tho Long Gully Beef aud Back Cree Mining Company was held at their oflices, In perial Chambers, Oollins-strcet west. Mr. Joh Halfey occupied tho chair. Tho report of ti directors and balanco-ahect, and a report on ti state of tho company's woiks, wcro read, au elicited some discussion. Tho shaft had boc sunk, it was stated, to the depth of 280 feet, nu it uas required to ndvanco sixty or seventy fo further, which could bo douo at an outlay of £i per foot. To meot this, tho diroctois were i opinion that a call of Is. per fdiaro should 1 mado at ton days'notice, which; if wholly pa up, would give about £1,000. Thora was certain outlay to bo anticipated ol about £70 Tho contract for tho works had very i cently been rclet, to tho advantago of ti company, which would thereby effect a saving about £2 a-foot. It was stated, in reply various shareholders, that thcro vi ero no oi standing claims against tho company, which h in bond a balance of about £03. There was no1 sixponco owing. The weekly outl.ty might estimated at about £-10, and tho engine-shaft h boon sunk from six to niuo feet in a fortnigl Tho colls of tho company had bceu, so far, w paid up, only about £300 not being satisfactor accounted for. There were, however, sevei defaulters to a considerable amount. Tho balam sheet showed that £19,G72 17s. Gd. had airca been paid up. The statement of assets show outstanding second and third calls to t amount of £434 ; ensh in bank and on ha: and office furniture, £155 2s. lOd. ; engin Kos. 2 and 3, at Bendigo, with fittings, &< £2,093 14s. 4d. ; pumps and apparaît £2,02016s. ; Long Gully Roof, £3,489 Us. 3d workshop, Long Gully Beef, £G9 10s. Sd. : ma ing a total of £8,862 13s. Id. Tho uncall capital, viz., 20,000 shares, at 12s. Gd., w £12,500. Tho roports aud balance-sheet wc adopted nem, con., and a resolution was curri making a call of Is. on tho oapital, payable in t clajs. The present directors and committee wc re-elected for the onBuing two months, and t proceedings closed. Tho mombors of tho Exploration Commit! will meot to-day at three o'clock, for tho purpo of considering tho advisability of sending a iel party to Mr. Burke, via Port Denison. At t last meeting of tho committee, it was stated Mr. Morris that a party could go to Carpenta: and back before Mr. Howitt, with his conting« could arrivo at Cooper's Creek. Tho samogent man also statod that, according to the expei-ioi cf Mr. Lee, an old bushman, tho difficult .would not be so great as roprosontctl, Tho si remmitteo, appointed Bomo few days ago, v bring up their report, which, no doubt, v prove that due regard has been shown to ov item of information which can bo relied uj relative to tho Port Denison expedition. 1 Howitt and his party will leavo the Spcncer-str Railway Station by tho quarter to six o'clock tr this evening. Two mon, named Isaao StanilHi and Jolin Reynolds, wero charged at tho City Court yoi terday, with various aots of cattle stealing, pig ¡stealing, and horse-stealing. Standish was com- mitted for trial on four separate charges, aal Reynolds upon one. It was stated that tholatto.' had already been committed on another charge of pig stealing, from Fitzroy Police Court. An inquost was held at tho Yarra Bend yester diy, by Mr. Candler, on the body of a patient named Downey, who died on tho 30th ultimo, from abscesses in tbo brain. Tho deceased, who was forty-two yearB of ago, was admitted iuto tho Asylum on the 19lh June, in a very feeble and paralytic condition. Tho jury returned a verdict defining tho cause of death to bo as stated above At tbo annual gcnoral meeting of tho Port Philip Farmers' Society, hold yesterday iu th hull of the Mechanics' Instituto, after tile usua business of electing tbo office-bearers bad been transacted, a rather leugtby discussion ensued, on the motion of Mr. Lees, to mako it op tiona on the part of the successful competitor*! whether they should rccoivo their prizes in tho sliapo o! money, plato, or a medal, llitbeito it lins beer a rulo of tho committee to malo it incumben upon successful competitors to take, their prizei in plate. That rule had given liso to consido rabio discontent amongst members of tbo sociot; and.others; and tho rcBult of tho discussion a tho mooting yesterday is, that honcetiuth i successful exhibitor will havo tbo pnvilego of c ceiving his piizo oithor in money, in plato, or i: tho shupo of a medal. Tho other business . tbo meeting was not of general importatico ; an it will bo seen that Mr. Pokorney 'a motion for th appointment of an analytical chemibt, iii well a Mr, Cochrano's motion for giving to absent men bers tho privilege of voting by proxy, wot negatived. Mr. William Nixon U a candidato for Oj'ai Tho Galong ChronicleBayb :-"Ho goo3 in as supporter of the present Ministry j an advocal for protection ; a favourer of Torrens' Bill opposed to Btato aid; an advocate for tlio JST tional'system of education, and pajtnont i members." "A Plea for Ghosts" was the subject of a lecture delivered in the Mechanics' Institute last night, by Mr. David Blair, who stated that it was intended as a reply to one delivered some time ago, "The Philosophy of Ghosts and Witchcraft," by Mr. Archibald Michie. Having first asked the question - whether his hearers believed in ghosts? - Mr. Blair commenced his remarks by refusing to consider ghosts as more delusions of the senses. He attacked Mr. Michie's alleged position, that he knew nothing of the spiritual world, as a reason for his not believing in ghosts, and to the reply of many to the question - that ghosts were "all humbug" - objected that investigation must precede belief, and asked whether such persons had ever given a moment's serious thought to the subject. For himself, he believed whatever could be logically established, in preference to "the cant of materialistic philosophy, falsely so-called." Having long since rejected the ghosts of the nursery and of fiction, he found in multitudes of well authenti- cated facts, a sure foundation for inquiry. On the "philosophy" of the subject, he asserted that Mr. Michie was entirely at fault, he having borrowed both his facts and arguments from Scott's "Demonology and Witchcraft," itself a non-philosophic and a worthless book. Physiological and psychological science were quite of recent growth, and formed the true field of inquiry. Mr. Michie's sarcasm, that ghosts had always shown themselves " trimmers," and accommodated themselves to varying times and circumstances, was an evasion of the question at issue, and left untouched the entire sphere of man's spiritual nature. All true history, Divine revelation, and the phenomena of our own spiritual being, testified to the existence of spirits. Mr. Michie's "causes," viz., indigestion, ignorance, and rascality, were each examined. The first was refuted by the opinions of eminent physiologists, like Drs. Herbert, Mayo, Brodie, Forbes, Winslow, Sir Charles Bell, and others. The basis of all science was in spiritual nature. As to "ignorance," all the leading men of the world, from Homer, Plato, Caesar, Cicero, and Aristotle, to St. Paul, St. Augustine, St. Chrysostom, Aquinas, Bacon, Milton, Shakspeare, and Addison, believed in spiritual beings - in ghosts. Witchcraft, in which it might be objected that they also believed, was, where actual, a real and designed commerce with evil spirits. The theory of "rascality" and "priestcraft" was denounced as utterly improbable and unphilosophical when made to account for the instinctive belief of 5,000 years of the world's history. On the positive side of the argument for ghosts, the phenomena susceptible of explanation by the laws of electricity and magnetism, when expounded by such men as Faraday and Reichenbach, were distinguished as pure scientific facts. Coming next to historic ground, the stories of Caesar at the Rubicon, of Charles IX. of Sweden in the Hall of the States-General, of the White Lady of Berlin, and many others, were adduced as instances of spiritual existence and action not to be questioned. Mr. Blair concluded with a reply to the objection, that ghosts were always dressed, and with an appeal to the testimony of Revelation, as a motive for at least a serious and persevering study of the subject, he sat down amidst much applause. Field-offisers and officers commanding corps in tho volunteer force are invited by Lieut.-Colonol Anderson to meet at the Voluntoor-offico at four o'clock this afternoon. Inspecting tho charge mado against Mr. Wig- ley, a solicitor, in tho Court of Genornl Sessions, on Tuesday last, by a prisoner named Mar} M'Bean, tho gentloman himself appoared before the Court yesterday morning, to offor an explana, tion of tho matter and justify himself. Beferrin( to Hie facts as sot forth in The Argus of tha1 morning, Mr. Wigley produced a promissor. noto given to him by certain friends of the prisa ne r for the purposes of her defence, but whiol had nover been cashed. In reply to tho learnet Chairman, ho admitted having recoived £710s from tho prisonor, in soveral sums at difieren times, which sum had been absorbed iu his bil for pabt services. In order that tho matter shouk ho placed on a fair fooling, the learned Chairm« directed Mr. Wiglo lo get his bill taxed by th proper officer. Tho matter then dropped for th present. _ 