COMMUNICATED ARTICLES. SILK-WATERING. Not far from the General Post-Office, London, is a short coHrt, so narrow that only the thin end of a ray of sunlight can pene trate it, and famous for nothing but the silk watering estaonsnmeni mat we now propose in memory to revisit. So old and crazy is the place that even ghost stories have attached to it, the foun dation of which was probably the cellar, where a mysterious iron trapdoor covers an unctuous filamentous inass, exuded from the adjoining churchyard. Into this cellar, appropriately used for dyeing, a cat once sprung, and emerged half- dyed and half-dead ; out of this cellar sprung a race of tailless kittens, whose misfortune doubtless originated in the previous catastrophe. But leaving this, let us mount to the second storey, only noticing in an ascent how the weight of the superin cumbent machinery has pushed the floors out of the horizontal, aud the walls out of the perpendicular. Xhe suite of rooms here — for the business has gradually absorbed all the second floors from one end of the court to the other — is tilled with an immense number of machines of various sizes, but all of one type, viz., two horizontal rollers — one of metal, the other of something else — varying in dimensions from 2 in. diameter, and 6 in. long to the same in feet. An examination of the largest, ' the broad water,' will suffice. Here we observe that the two horizontal rollers are kept in contact by large screws, and in motion by two or more men ; that the metal roller is hollow, and its interior replenished from time to time with a red-hot iron ; that the silk is passed in (double) at one side unwatered, and flows out cascade fashion from the other side watered, and that nothing is applied but pressure. But the explanation. Take two pieces of rich silk, one watered, the other plain. In the plain piece the threads are parallel, reflect but little light, and that uniformly ; in tho watered piece the paralleiiim of the threads is disturbed — they are no longer round, but flattened in places ; that these p luces are glossy, reflecting the light in patches, and that these patches form a more or less regular pattern. To produce these patterns on a large scale, or to make good ' bullseyes,' is the grand desideratum of watering, and is thus accom plished : — It has been mentioned that tho silk is doubled before passing through the machine ; of the two surfaces, the upper is suflered to travel on unaffected, but the lower is kept tightly stretched upon a steel plat', the upper edge of which is a wavy curve of alternate con vexities and concavities. The effect of this is to throw the fibres into corresponding curves, and it is the pressure of the straight threads of the upper surface against the curved threads of the lower that brings out the ever-varying ' bulheyes.' The ordinary process may be called ' water ing by reflection' — the folfowing experiment, ' watering by refraction.' Take a good silk handkerchief, fold it along one of the threads, stretch one surface uniformly, the other irregu larly ; hold the handkerchief up to the light, and' the ' water' is instantly apparent. The same effect i3 frequently seen in double wire blinds, or in looking through two surfaces of a wire-gauze meatsafe. But the most ingenious portion of the appa ratus still remains unexplained — the material of which the other roller 13 composed. If both rollers were nuiu uieuiia tuc an*, nuuiu ua cut ; f one were a soft metal, such as lead, it would juickly lose its shape; if it were of wood it would split, and the grain would print off. What material is there, then, of uniform structure, elastic, hard, capable of sustaining a polish, and free from the defects above mentioned ? Paper; and the 'paper-rolls' are thus con structed : — Upon a strong iron spindle an infi nite number of pieces of paper are thieided, and compressed by a Bramali's press until the mass is so compact as to bear being turned. When in use the colour is about that of box wood, and of nearly the same hardness. Of course, no trace of its stratifiei structure i3 apparent, but the whole appears homogeneous. What a field lor speculation : the letters and ledgers, the private and business histories, of a paper-roll ! S. 