CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Tra following olronlnr letter faa* been addressed by tht Lotd'Biihop of the Dieosse to bia olergy : "Sydney, December 31,1S0O. " Reverend Sir,-It ls my wish at the oommeooement of the new year to invite the members of the Charoh ol England in Sydney and the neighbourhood to unite in prayer to Almighty Oed for tbe Divine blessing upon ourselves and npon the world at large. "A similar proposal has been mada in England and in India, and will, in all probability, meet with- a very general response. " We know from the history of God's dealings with His Church that He bestows those blessings whioh are sought by fervent united prayer. As ' they all continued with oneaocord in prayer and supplication' 'in one place,'the Holy Ghost was given. When ' prayer waa made with- out ceasing of the ohuroh nnto God for Beter,' his deliverance was granted, the condemned pr's mer waa restored to the " many who < were gathered together' in ths bouse of Mary praying." " At the present time there are oiroumstancos which neem to oall upon us to bumble ourselves before Our Heavenly Father, and to pray for the grace and guidance necessary for our edification and our union. If we seek the wisdom whiob cometh from above wo abell reoeive it, for God giveth liberally and without upbraiding to all wbo ask Him. ' "It is, moreover, a time when speolal prayer will be offered up throughout the world, and we should be un- willing to IOBB our portion of the blessedness wbioh belongs to the Communion of Saints. " It was sgreed, at a meeting of the olergy, summoned by myself, that the three evenings of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, tba 7tb,8tb, and Olh of January, should be set apart for this purpose. The services will be held in the Church Socio'}'s room, at hilf-past seven o'olook, and will be oonduotod by raya^lf and suoh of tbe olergy aB are willing te take part in them. " I shall be glad if you will notify this to your congre gatton in any way you may deem flt, and in the meantime invite your prayers that ' peaoe and truth' may be in our days. Sinoerely desiring that the blessings of tba season may rest upon you and yours. "I remain, Reverend Sir, " Yonr faithfnl aarvant tn nh rt nf "F. SVDNKY." . 