£10 COURT. S11EEN V. TOONY. A case from the last Court for the price and value of a Cow taken by the Defendant, having been bought at a sale th tough Mr Less assignee of the estate of Mr J, Garth A long discussion on various points of law in which Mr Wcstbrook appeared for defendant and Mr McMinn for plaintiff. Judgment deferred till Thursday next, MILWAED, ASSIGNEE, V. WBATHALL. This was an action brought by Mr Milward assignee, of the estate of J. 0. Hall, and Co. against Mr 'Wrathall a publican. Xbssase was • remnant for judgment. Inlgwcat dtftutd tfll Buaafcy n«xt. QUESTED VI HAI1VEY. H An aofi„n by Csptain Quested ogianjt Mr d Henry Harvey, for 14 8 6, for freight &c.; of t goods supplied S Watchorn for plaintiff. Verdict for amount claimed. SAME v, riKcu. Action for £2 9 3, against Wm. Finch for money lent and frieght of goads. Verdict for ammnt claimed. SAME V. CARBONS, SEN. An action for freight &c.;, and passage of of his Bon. Amount claimed £4 7 6. The sum of £3 CO bas been paid. Verdict lor £1 1, balance due. naAITHWAITE V, STOCXEB. An action for certain goods supplied to Mr Stoker, for which an acknowledgment in writing was produced from defendant's wife. • ase made a remnent to produce the plaintiff's books. CLIFFOBD V DOY£B. An undefended action for £1, mnney lent last year, which defendant promised to pay. Verdict for the amount claimed. XaiGItT v IAO0BS. An action for £7 18, brought by Dr Bright Jun,, against Mr Jacobs a boatman, for Surgical attendnnoe on the defendant, his wife and children. Defendant pleaded not Indebted except as to £4 13 6, whicb he paid into court. Mr Adatrs tor tlie plaintiff. Mr Graves fur defendant. Plaintiff deposed lo the correctness of his claim, which was for professional attendance on Mrs Jacobs and her family, (16 visits.) Have seen defendant who offered him £6, and the balance in boat hire. By Mr Graves—Did not set the hoy's leg himself; be went to the Hospital; Mr Jacobs waB an Odd Fellow, aud Dr Kcftn was (he Medical Officer of the Lodge, visited defendant once for Dr Kean, the rest were on his own account, ' . Mr Graves said the defendant had been labouring under tho apprehension that Dr Bright bad been attending his family for Dr Keen who unable to stiend as strictly as he would wish and was the Doctor of tho lodge. He consented to the verdict going for plaintiff under tbe circumstances but without oosts. Mr Adams objected to the compromise to disallow coBts. Judgment deferred as to COMB for a week. AYTON V DEEOAN. An action by John Ayton against John Deegan for £8, goofa sold and delivered, vt r Allpnrt, jun. for plaintiff. Verdict lor amount claimed. SAMS V. KINO. A. similar action against William King for £1 19 0. Undefended. Verdiut for the amount claimod. OBAY V PATE AND WITE. This was an action brought by Charles H. Grey, a general d< alar, against Mr and Mrs Pate of Patrick sneet. Mr Graves fot the defendant. The Commissioner said for reasons of an important nature, he would like the case referred to some person* Plaintiff odjected and the case therefore proceeded. James Bu<ns deposed to taking a house in Elizabeth street from Mrs Grey, and paid her the rent for it as long es he was there, Mrs Grey bad the whole management of tbe property ; it belonged to Mrs Clark, and de< fendants were agents. By Mr Graves—I tnok the house from Mrs Grey, and no one else, I never saw Mrs Pate about the house ; I never saw Mr Pate either, I don't want cross-questioning, I have 'said all I know and cant' say any more ; I know Pate's house, I often went there, bur not about the tukiug the house ; I did not i D in to whom the bouse beloaged till 1 had been iu it for many a motuh. Mr Grey lived on part of tli» premises at the sa:ne time that I did ; used lu take uie r nt lo Mra lirey. John Biucher deposed Ilia he too* the premises known as " Rat's Castle," at 2s per week f om Plaintiff, it was about September or Oc ober, I860, always paid the rent either to plaintiff or his wife up to November 1861. Mr Graves suggested tbat plaintiff should state what his case wac. Mr Grey sai 1 he wished to state;his caBe in the usu.l way, but Mrs Pate had told him she was so intimate witb >)r Brown the Com miss'oner, that it was no use taking ber into the Court aB be would never doubt her veia citv. Plaintiff deposed—A.bout two and a half years ago Mrs 1'ate gave the keys of Rat's Ca9tle to liis wife, to collect the rents for her, and let the bouse ia divisions, and Mrs Pate told his wife the more appa<tmciits she let, the better remuneration would she make ic her. When lie took die premises they were in a very " deliberated" slate; by tbat he meant very much out of repair; the house had been shut up for a very " Ion* length' 1 of time and she directed liim to cl. an it out and put it in a tenant able state of repair; he did so, and took two dsj's to do it ,* his claim was for cleaning tUc house, and fiudiug tenants for them. By Mr Graves -Mrs Pate told me she would satisfy mc to get the houso teuantable and clean it; she never said anything to me about paying commission, but she to'.d my missus so ; had paid his lent to Mrs Pate weekly since; never made any deduction out of his rent, but Mrs Pale bought a lot of old clotbes at different tines Irom him for Mr Pate; sent a bill iu to Mr Pate ab.iut a fortnight ago'; never sent any bill before, nor made any demand for commission before this; Mr Pate brought an action against bini a< the last Cuurt, and got a verdict for damage done, but no damage had been done; Mra Pate sent to Sharp's to gel a pound of beef steak, cut two 'ounces off, and Bent it back, that showed what she was; never threatened Mr Pate to bting an action against him for tbe commission; have demanded the commission when Mrs Pate bou. htalot of old ball dresses at Is and Is 6d eacli from him; did not demand the commission because Mrs Pate was buying things from him. Mr Graves applied for a nonsuit. Mr Grey said he had several persons " suspcenad," and wanted them called, which The Commissioner entirely agreed with and recommended that the case should be referred to an arbitartor to be choscn. Mr Grey asked if Ue did refer it, and it woe not decided how he wished, could he bring it there again t Aftei a very lengthened conbovercy as to who cbe" arbitrator fihouldbe, and alectore from Mr Graves as to the attempt to intimidate the Court, which the Commissioner resented b; saying he would go on with the case. Rose Qrty deposed that nboK year* ago N»hla(W<Mltekq» tl BndmtgPk. ouse to her for the purpose of letting it t> ifferent persons, at the same time telling her he more she let the more she would get. he let them to federal persons who left, and then let them to the witnesses called to-day; she also kept the premises clean for the tenants; have never reeeived any recompense from Mis Pate for letting tbe places or cleaning tbe looms, but Mrs Pate offered her £3 before she left as an oct of kindness for what •he had done; witness dcliyiedJolake.it. , , Mr Graves—The £3 was the same as she referred to an action tried at the laBt court; she never s lid that £3 was offered for a shed to be left, but Mrs Pate said she would give £3 for the shed, but not tbat £3 ; never made anv demand for tbe commission sued for. Henry Robins deposed to carrying rent from plaintiff to Mre Pate at vuious times during two years; Mrs Pate used to remark that the looked to Mr Grey for any deficiency in tbe rents, wbieli there sometimes used to be by a tenant not paying up. Bridget O'Brien was called, but Mr Graves admitted that the rents hnd been paid by the tenants to plaintiff, but witness was nevertheless sworn, and deposed to being a tenant and paying tbe rent to Mrs Grey for months. Mr GraveB submitted the present was only a vexatious action, and never would have been brought bad not Mrs Pate recovered a verdict against the present plaintiff; there was a mistake in the action, aud jiliere had been no proof whatever as to any specific amount received, on which commission could be claimed. Robert Pate was called and deposed that just before the trial of the action last court, Mr Grey came to his house and said if he got the better of bim in the action for damaging the house he would sue him afterwards for commission for collecting ibe rents; never agreed to pay any commission for collecting Tents; it was as easy for him to send the other rents as to-send his own. By defend int—We asked yon if you could let the places to do so; you never claimed any money for commission; Plaintiff used to receive tbe rents from the tenants on the Saturday night, and give it to us on the Muds; when we ca led round; you used to collcct some rents and pay them to us. ., Defendant, in reply, said Mrs Pate was mad because he left her premises, aud had now let ft for four shillings a week. Judgment deferred until Thursday nzxt. GOLLAB V. MUNRO. An action for 7s, ballance of account, due for hread supplied Defendaut denied the debt, and said he had paid all be owed. Judgment for amount claimed. A REALLY NOVEL VOLUNTEEB CASE. DA VIES v. LEE. An action by Captain Davies, of the 2nd Rides, against Mr Lee for 10s, balance due on a promissory note far £4 7 s, for military clothing, and tbe defence was that Mr Lee was entitled to a portion of the Government grant for clothing , Now unless Mr Lee retired after six months, from January, 1861, be would not be entitled to any of the grant, and it would be proved he did not. Paymaster Hull of t^e 2nd Rifles deposed that defendant joined the corps on the 30th March, 1S60, and resigned in March lirfl, and then withdrew his resignation, when he said he was disgusted with the whole thing ; a u-ifjrm was supplied to him by the contractor and was paid for by Captain John Davies, and defendant gave a promissory note for the clothing and accoutrements (produced) ; he rejoined, after expressing his disgust, and attended a review on the 24th May; he did not acquit himself well in his drill, (laughter) and got again discus ed, and he was stuck off 'he roll before the 19ib June, aud a return thereof was Bent <o Colonel Russell; defendant made an offer to-day to pay £1 10s, but no coBts. By|Mr Moriarty—I recollect writing to Mr Lee demanding his arms and accoutrements, but don't recollect when at that time; have not a book with the accouts in. Mr Graves objectel. Mr Moriarty 6aid he was in a position to prove that Captain John DavieB had received £2 from the Government on account of these very clothes, and he wanted lo see if Mr Davies had given credit for it. Mr Graves—No, because defendant was not eiti led to it. It had been returned to the Gove nment Mr Davies said he had received it; there was no doubt of that. Mr Moriarty—Did not reco'lcct what date he wrote to defendan ; Mr Dandridge died a'lout the time; he thought he did not write to defendant about his clothing to provide a man named Pensegood with, who was ap> pling lo be admitted ; did not recollect Capt. Davies saying lo defendant, " Why the devil did he not resign;" witness asked defendant, why he did not resign ; did not recollect any specific resignation; these arc the rules of the corps; Mr Lee was not clear on tbe books wheo he resigned; the rules sny that fourteen days noted of resignation were required ; Mr Lee did not give such notice ; they sometimes waive those rules; they were signed by defendant. Cap ain Davies deposed he hid received from tbe Government about £160. for some of which he was personally liable to the Government to account for it; amongst the amount he received £2 for Charles Lec (the defendan ) who failed to comply with tbe regulations, and was therefore disqualified from receiving the money which he wis responsible to the Government for; the sum of £1 10s was due on the promissory note produced. By Moriarty—Defendant was in the corps up to the 9th of June lea'. Mr Moriarty—Tben Mr Davies you have kept that money in your pocket, and not returned to the Government since the 9th June last. Mr Duvics—The money has not been returned, but lies in the Commercial Bank in my na-r e at the present time, to the credit of the 2nd Rifles; I do not make up my return till the Slst December. By Mr Moriarty—Did not you ase soma very choice language, such as ia your usual manner? Mr Davies—I never did. Mr Moriarty—Then were plenty wit* nesses to prove it. Mr Moriarty said he should have liked to have seen a gentleman like Captain DavieB professed to be and holding a position as commanding officer and having been in the Par. Ususent of Tasmaaia come into a smalt court with clean bands and in a creditable manner, and witb such a case. Here was the captain of the oorps receiving a sum of money from the Government and then qnietly suing defendant fn it, and bad ant Captain Davies kamra tbe) una inapaitioaW have smveA thby hadi.lt never wouli have been stated. Was that creditable ? The captain keeps £2 in his pocket for several months, and now came there to demand £4 odd trom them; if Mr Davies had paid the money to the Government there would have been some*pa»onin h : a coming there, but he had not, and, probably would have pocketed the balance —and the Paymaster came there and denied keeping any accounts. It wa< wry well to; come into the Court and sue for a few pounds. for the Mercury/ Copt Davies ought to nave' in common fairness produced ^the Dr. and Cr. account books, and a quibble was resorted to Ret rid of their notice to produoe those books, which were in the charge oT a gentleman in Mr John Davits' own employ. There -was something he could not understand the fairness of' on the other side: his client would, ot all events, deal straightforwardly rod honestly, and not_ resort to quibbling to get rid of a jUBt claim. Mr Lee would swear that he never did resign, and he believed Mr Lee's word wis quite as stood as Mr Davies's; and he might be permitted to say a little better. (Mr Davies—Hear hear.) The learned gentleman referred to the rules of the corps to show there had been no proper resignation at all—and they were bound by the rates, more particularly as they were then in a court of justice. He submitted there was not a ghost of evidence in the whole case. But Mr Davies takes to himself the position of judge, jury, and every one else. Why were not the books produced if the case was an honest one. He had been pressed and insulted by tbe Captain and Adjutant of the corps, and very possibly had given fourteen days notice of resignation, which would have brought it nnder the regulations, Suppose the Mercury smashed tomorrow, or Captain Davies' accounts he confused whet would become of this amount received. He put that at an hypothetical case; for ihete were certain tumors in reference to certain Odd Fellows acoounts, Mr Davies—That is untrue, sir. Mc Morisrty—Well, rumor has so stated, and therefore on what principle of law. equity, or fairness could they come and claim that sum of £2 because they were liable ? Had the money been paid to the Government lbe claim might have been made with better grace. What matter to the Court how Mr Davies was paid, if paid at all; and he was paid uniil January next, according to his own admission. The Government had been very favorable with Mr Davies in reference to accounts. Suppoie they toli him they did not require the money, then Mr Davies would be paid £2 more than was really due. Charles I>ee deposed that he belonged to the 2nd Rifles, and did so at the present lime; he never resigned; his fire-arms were cent for on account of the corps being short for Mr Daudridge's funeral; a man named Peasgood so inlormed him ; he had suffered Irom illness, and had been necessarily away from the corps; he had never been informed be was no longer a member of the corps; Mr Davies and Mr Hull met him at the Commercial Sank door; Davies said " Well, eld fellow, you're the man we were looking for; why the d don't you resign;" Mr Hull said nothing; witness atteuded drill whenever summoned; never resigned or intended to resign; bad always paid all demands made on him, but never got a receipt; he sent 18B 6i by Sergeant Cook on 7th October, 1861, and applied for three months leave of absence from tlie pfficere; eaff Mr Hull a day or two after and ne said " Old Jack wouldn't take any notice of his leave of absence, but was going to cross him out;" never heard anything from that day to the present; afterwards saw Mr Cook, wbo asked if he was going to vote for Jack; he replied he would not, if he was going to cross him out he would do the same, and cross out Jack; he lie had never had any receipt tor what he had paid ; he considered himself entiled to tbe £2 for his clothes from Government, and tbat the account was overpaid. By Mr Graves—He resigned when he first went in the corps; but did not know whether be gave fourteen days notice or not; cannot say when he was at parade last,- it was more than three tnontha; he was quite sure Mr Hull said " Old Jack had crossed him out." Mr Graves said he could not agree with the i manner in which the case had born conducted by his learned friend, who had mixed up per. eonalities, and allowed his private feelings to step in and influence him in taking up the time of tbe Court. It must be clear Mr Lee was not entiiled to tbe £2 received by Government, which would revert to tbe Crown, aud he had charge of it in tbe eatne manner as every other commanding officer bad. His Honor reserved judgment until Thursday next. HALL V. YATES. An action for 12s, for advertising. Verdict by consent for theamonnt claimed. SMITH V ROGERS. An action for £5 on a bill of exchange drawn by the defendant. The defence was that the bill had been dtfly paid, and that there was no notice of dishonor. JohnC Hall deposed the bill had been paid to liim by Mr Kojcrs as CBSb in a settlement of accounts, and he paid it over to Mr Smith lor cash; be gave notice to Mr ltogera tbat the bill had notbeen taken up. By Mr Crisp—That notice was given to Mr Rogers, bnt he could not say when ; it was either tbe day or the day after be saw Mr Rogers, but did not know how long the bill bad been due at that time; Mr BrMsington, the acceptor, has been insolvent and obtained his discharge; the aacount produced was from their office. W C D Smith deposed that a day or two before the bill became due he re inrted him Mr Hall ol ii.snd on the morning it was due he spoke to him and be said he would see Mr Rogers about it; the next day Mr Hall said be had seen Mr Rogers and spoke to him. By Mr Crisp—It was the morning the Bill became due that he saw Mr Hall about the bill. Mr Crisp submitted the seeocd plea was made out, and no sufficient notice of dishonor had been proved; for the notice was given before 12 o'clock, and the bill was not due; tbe first plea was also proved ; for there was produced an account in which payment of the bill was admitted. Mr Smith in reply said the acceptance wa included in the account in oagh. Judgment reserved. 