W e cannot refrain from congratula x- ting the residents in the district of Wide Bay upon tlie completion and opening of tlie Hall of the Marybo rough School of Arts. It is long since anything occurred among us of so plea sant a nature and fraught with such delights in prospect. Successful so far, we cannot doubt that with common prudence and forethought and :i little of the suaviter in modo, a brilliant fu. ture lies before us in connection with j our School of Arts. A few gentle hints, touching both the Committee and the Subscribers, may not, perhaps, be inappropriate. livery man - in the town should be come a member of the Institution aud pay his subscription without delay. Five shillings per quarter, or twenty shillings per annum is a small fee for the right of entry into a well-lighted comfortable room, supplied with the latest periodicals and a selection of valuable and interesting books. Ne glected as these country districts have hitherto been, we see in the School of Arts the germs of an Institution which shall assist those who may have been deficient in early education in a course of self-improvement, tending materially to elevate the mental and moral stand ing of the community. .It remains to be seen to what extent this boon will be appreciated and made use of. We are not satisfied as yet with the opening of the Hall. We expect something more from the Committee than they have yet given us. It is well to be like other people to a certain extent, and it would be a most un heard-of thing if such an Institution a6 our School of Arts were to be opened surreptitiously, or on the sly, as one might say. Some public meeting, or Inaugural Address, or social soiree is imperatively required ; and the sooner it is done the better. Let us hope the Committee will take the hint. A monthly course of Lectures, and a debating class, will add much to the popularity of the Institute ; and al though time is required and ' decently and in order ' is a first-rate motto, yet the sooner these things are commenced the greater will be their success. Yestf.iwav's Land Rale. — There was a much larger attendance of buyers at till' land sale held yesterday than was expected, and all the eligible lots were sold. The country lots were inferior back land near the Cotton Ground, and conse quently did not sell, There was considerable competition for the town lots, and it is clear that the value of laud is greater than for some time past. Whether this fact in a result of in corporation, or of an increase of population, we leave our readers to judge. We believe tbe gross proceeds of the sale will not be much less than £1000. Particulars will be found in ano ther column ' Sledmebe'. — In our Inst issue we briefy an nounced the arrival by the 'larence of this celebrated entire, which Mr. W. H. Holt, J. P., of Kolongo, has ju6t purchased in New Zealand, where Sledmere was imported a couple of years ago. A good opportunity now offers for par ties wishing to improve their horse-stock, and we hope Mr. Holt's enterprise will be rewarded es he deserves. The Wide Bay District iB ad mirably adopted for horse- breeding, aud seven hundred guineas invested in bo beautiful an pniinal as Sledmere ought to bring a handsome ^(yru to his owner. The postal arrangements are about as bad as they possibly can be, and we await a visit from Mr. Prior with considerable impatience. Some months ago the Clarence left Brisbane regularly on Mondays and the up-country mails were as regularly despatched on Thursdays. But for a considerable time the steamer has been detained till Tuesrtny afternoon, at first on the pretext of waiting for the Sydney mails, but lately so far as we can learn without the slightest justifica tion, as the Sydney steamer always arrives in Bvislmne on Friday or Saturday. The day's delay is not all the inconvenience suffered, for the letters from Rockhampton are invariably delayed a whole week, because they are not numerous euough. to justify the detention of the mail. All the annoyance and irregularity would be overcome were the Clarence to start from Brisbane on Monday afternoons, and we trust the interests of our up-country friends will be so far studied. Opkntno op the Baptist Chapel. — By an advertisement in our columns to-day it will lie observed that the opening services of the above place of worship will commenceon Puiulny next, when tha Rev. B. G. Wilson of Brisbane will preach. Tlie chapel is now completed, and litis cost about £300, of which £100 still remains as a debt upon the building. j Wihe Bat Hospital. — A recent visit to this institutiou enables ub to confirm all tbe state ments that have been made respecting the suitability of the new building, and the im proved arrangements that have lately been ef fected by the committee, aided by Dr. Ward. The new building is pleasantly situated in a paddock in East Maiyborough, and not, as we erroneously stated a few weeks ago, — at the Old Township. The present Hospital is a comloi- ' table four-roomed cottage, and lined through out, with a verandah. Two apaitments are used as wards, aud accommodation is provided for six patients. At the time of our visit there were four patients, who all appeared us comfor table as possible, and expressed themselves well satisfied with the treatment they received. The beds and floors were scrupulously clean and the building was cool and airy. Mr. and Mrs. Greenwood, who are in charge, are entitled to great praise for their attention and efforts to promote the comfort and welfare of the patients The effort to continue the institution has been a great success, and wc arc sure that the Com mittee and Dr. Ward must feel in a great mea sure rewarded for their care -and trouble, when tlicy see the Hospital in its present admirable condition. Owing to the great interest taken by the pub lic in the contributions from the 'Ghost of Ban Ban,' — and to the fact that vsr ons suspected persons have at different times been treated offensively on account of comments made by that writer, — we are permitted to say that they are by a Justice of tbe Peace. 