[?] GREAT EIRE IN LONDON. On the evening of Saturday, June 22, the metropolis was visited by the most terrific conflagration that has occured in this country since the Great Fire of London. Some idea of the greatness of the catastrophe may be conveyed by the simple statement that the destruction of property is estimated at the stupendous sum of two and a half or three millions sterling. The scene of the fire was on the waterside portion of Tooley-street, nearest London-bridge. The outbreak took place in the extensive range of pre mises known as Cotton's wharf and the bonded warehouses belonging to Messrs. Scovell. They bad an extensive river frontage, and the whole space on the land side, oxtending to Tooley-street, was covered with eight or nine warehouses Bix storeys in height. These buildings were filled with some thousands of chests of tea and bales of silk stored in the upper floors, while in the lower was an immense stock of Russian tallow and tar, oils, bales of cotton, hops, and grain. Of the whole of tho property not a vestige remains but tho bare walls. To be added to this very serious loss is the destruction of the whole of the western range of Alderman Humphery's warehouses, known asHay's wharf, the burning of four warehouses and a quay, comprising Chamberlain's wharf, adjacent to St. Olave's Church, besides very many other buildings in Tooley-street. The saddest loss of all, however, was the deplorable accident whjch befell Mr. James Braid- wood, the director of the London fire brigade. The Are originated in a room which contained a large quantity of hemp and flax. On his arrival Mr. Braidwood at once Droceeded to station his force in the best available positions. The two powerful steam floating engines were brought off the wharf, and two leugths of hose were fixed to each of them, and led on to the quay, and brought to bear on both sides of the hnilding on fire. Shortly before six o'clock the fire began to burst forth with awful fury, and tho whole of the main building from the basement to the roof became enveloped in fire. About half-past seven o'clock Mr. Braidwood entered the gateway leading to the wharf nearest St. Olave's Church, and proceeded down the avenue, where four. of his men were supporting and directing two branches from the floating engine. - By this time the ware house iu which the fire commenced was gutted, but tiie enormous stock of tal low, &cv; caused the flames to rage most furiously. Mr. Braidwood was engaged iugiving his men some refreshment when, suddenly a terrific explosion occurred. In an instant it was seen that the whole of the frontage of a second warehouse was coming down, falling outwards into the avenue. Mr. Henderson, the fore man of the Southern district of the bri gade, who Was standing within a few paces of Mr. Braidwood, shouted for all to run. The men dropped their branches. Two, with Mr. Henderson, es caped by the front gateway, and the others ran iu the opposite direction on to the wharf, where they jumped into the river. Mr. Braidwood made an ef fort to follow Mr,'.. Henderson, but was struck down by the upper part of the wall, and buried beneath some tons of brickwork. His death must have been instantaneous. .Several of his men rushed to extricate him vain, as the task was, but, another explosion happening, they were compelled to retire. The fatal explosion had been caused by a stock of saltpetre in a vault. Mr. Scott, partner in one of the firms whose premises have been burnt down, was killed by the same explosion. A few minutes afier Mr. Braid wood's death the ascendancy of the fire became com plete. Tho exertions of the brigade were quite powerless to cheek the pro gress of the flames. It is scarcely pos sible to describe the consternation which prevailed. From the rapid explosious which followed it was thought that there must have been a large stock of saltpetre in every one of tho warehouses. Tho concussion shook the neighbourhood, and scattered clouds of the burning fragments over the panic-stricken district. Al though the sun had not set, and the evening was bright and clear, the wholo of the public buildings in the city and along tho waterside were tinged by the lurid glare of the conflagration, while the Pool and eastern part of the metro polis were darkened by the huge clouds of smoke which rose from tho burning mass. By this period the news of the magnitude of the fire had spread all over the metropolis, and tho number of people flocking to it was so great as to render London-bridge and the Borough quite impassable. The balustrades and out side coping of London-bridge were fringed with thousands of spectators, and men tion is made of one instance where a personinhis struggle to obtain a place had fallen over in to the river and was drowned. At about 10 o'clock the fire seemed at its worst Probably between 8 and 9 there was a greater body of flame than at any subsequent period, but the broad light of a summer's evening drowned its glare. It was not till night fell that tho terrors of the spectacle could be ap preciated. Never since the fire of 1666 had suoh a scene been witnessed. The whole south bank of the river from Lon don-bridge to below tho Custom-house seemed one stupendous pile of lire, glow ing at its core with an intensity that made it painfnl to look at, and casting a ruddy glare above on everything far and !near. All tho engines of London and all that could te brought by rail or road from tho suburbs were as useless as chil- dren's squirts against -these acres of bur ning ruins. All the worst masses of flame were thus quite out of reaoh, though, "so great was the bulk of the glowing ruins, that, even had they been under command, no water power the fire men could procure tiould have made the slightest impression. From far below the Custom-house to above London-bridge the stream was actually covered with them. The roofs of the houses, the pub lic buildings, the masts and spars of ves sels, the quays and wharves, the topB of church steeples — even the gallery of the Monumen t — were crowded with thou sands upon thousands of spectators. All the small boats on the river were, of course, obliged to keop close over to the Middlesex shore. The intense heat ren dered this necessary, but there were other dangers as well. Ab warehouse after warehouse caught, the barrels of saltpetre and tar with which some were stored ex ploded, and came pouring forth in streams of liquid fire, which floated out upon tho water in great sheets, and broke up at last into little islands of flame, which went drifting up the river. Soon after midnight an immense line of wall, facing the river, the shell of tho warehouse in which the fire began, fell outwards with a hideous crash. The scene it disclosed was absolutely appalling, and the sudden glow of heat could be felt far out upon the river: About this time a barge came sailing up with the tide. An eddy drew it too near the conflagration ; the heat — which scorched the faces of people stand ing on the landing-stage at Billingsgate — was insupportable, the three men on board became alarmed, they lost all con trol of themselves, the barge drifted in land, while they raised their hands and shouted for. help. A boat rowed out and took these three men off and in less than two minutes their barge lay with its broadside to the river of fire next the shore, and was blazing from ono end to the other. As this gallant action was performed a tremendous cheer burst forth from the spectators and almost drowned for a time the roar of the fire. While Chamberlain's wharf was in full blaze, it was feared by many that St. Olave's church and Topping's wharf would fol low. but, fortunately, a vacant piece of ground interposed, which no doubt saved both. On the other hand, however, Hay's wharf, it became evident, had caught in the roof. The whole ot this | wharf was ere long included in the con- t fiagration, the sweep of which along the river must have been 300 yards. More- . over, under the fallen floors of ttie ware- i houses and in the cellars underground i was a vast quantity of combustible ma terial. Casks of tallow yet remained to melt, while numberless bags of saltpetre and casks of oil and turpentine, with hundreds of tons of cheese, but ter, sugar and bacon, were yet un- : consumed. Dawn found London- bridge still thronged with cabs, omni buses, carts, waggons, and vehicles of every description. Public-houses, in de- finnco of Actaof Parliament, kept open all night long, and did a tremendous trade, and eo, for that .matter, did the pick pockets, who blended business with plea sure, and bad a ready hand for anything remunerative in their particular line. But the fire had about two o'clock done its worst, and though tho flames con tinued to roar with unbated fury for some time, tho intensity of the fire at length visibly slackened. The efforts of tho fireman were redoubled, and by four o'clock all danger of its further extension was at an end; -Av A company is about to he introduced for tho application of the patent of Mr. Nathan Thompson, an American engi neer, for boatbuilding by steam machi nery. This machinery is suitablo for the construction of boats of every size and mould, and durability and safety are attained from the uniformity and perfection of the various fittings, while the saving in time and labour is extra ordinary. The inventor has published testimonials from a large number of the principal persons in the United Kingdom- connected with navigation and the work ing of elaborate constructive establish ments, and these are all of tho most un equivocal character as regards the value of the system both in a national and commercial sense. " A cutter 30 feet in length can," it is said, " be construct ed and delivered perfect in every respect within a few hours after the order is received for it," and the master ship wright of Woolwich Dockyard, who was appointed by tho Admirality to examine and report on the method, has fully cor roborated the opinions expressed by other authorities. The revolution "which is is likely to create will, it is believed, he analogous to that effected in other de partments of labour by the sewing ma chine, and the contrivances whioh have of late years multiplied the production of clooks and watches. In our "colonies and distant territories, where so much of the progress of each settlement de pends upon the facilities for river and coast navigation, its advantages, are likely also to be of especial importance. The Yelverton Case. — The process in the Court of Session relative to the question of a Scotch marriage does not promise to be speedily settled. Some time ago the Lord Ordinary remitted to Mr. Crichton, advocate, to take proof by commission in the case, and the proof for the pnrsner (Miss Longworth, alias Mrs. Yelverton) has been reported by the commissioner, along with numerous appeals on both sides, as to questions re fused or allowed in the course of the proof. The Lord Ordinary (Ardmillan) having heard counsel on these appeals, issued an "interlocutor" on the 13th of June, disposing of thorn. There are only two points of importance involved in the appeals. His lordship has found that in respect it is alleged by the pur suer, as a ground of action, that mar riage was constituted by cohabition and habit and repute, it is competent to prove what was the opinion formed at the time : by witness having the opportunity of , observing the conduct and conversation I of parties in regard to tbo footing on 1 which, the pursuer and defender lived I together. Accordingly, he dismisses the appeals for tho defender against ail evidence of that character, and the ef fect of the judgment, if sustained, will be to admit some important testimony for tho pursnor. The other point affeots the right of tho pursuer herself to be examined. In an action of this kind, by tho law of Scotland, the parties them selves cannot be admitted to the witness- box, but the pursuer seeks to have her evidence received aa to the loss of certain documents, with the view of being al lowed to prove their contents by parole testimony. The Lord Ordinary holds that this application is without precedent or authority, and that the evidence is not admissible. His lordship remarks that his disposition in the case bas been to admit evidence as fully and unre servedly as is consistent with the settled principles of the law, and in doubtful points to lean towards admission rather than exclusion. The necessary refusal of the pursuer's own testimony is, how ever, a serious disadvantage to her in the Scotch suit. It is understood that the present interlocutor is to be reclaimed in the Inner House, and the taking of proof for the defender before the commissioner is suspended till the reclaiming note is disposed of. Till all the appeals taken in the course of proof are finally adjudi cated the case will not be opened on its merits. A Dublin journal states that the appeal in the Yelverton marriage case, which was to have been tried dur ing the present term, has by consent been postponed until next term, which com- menocs in October, before whioh pro bably the decisions of the Scotch courts will have been given. The Gorilla. — One of the men told a story of two Mbondemo women who were walking together through the woods when suddenly an immense gorilla step ped into the path, and, clutching one of the women, bore her off in spite of the soreams and struggles of both. The other woman returned to the village, sadly frightened, and related the story. 'Of course her companion was given up for lost. Great was the suprise, therefore, when, a few days afterward, she returned to her home. She related that the go rilla had misused her, hut that she even tually escaped from him. " Yes," said one of the men, " that was a gorilla in habited by a spirit." Which explanation was received with a general grunt of ap proval. They believe, in all this country, that there is a kind of gorilla — known to the initiated by certain mysterious signs, but chiefly by being of extraordinary size — which is the residence of certain spirits of departed negroes. Such gorillas, the natives believe, can never be caught or killed ; and also, they have much more shrewdness and sense than the common animal. In fact, in these " possessed" beasts it would seem that the intelligence of man is united with the strength and ferocity of the beast. No wonder the poor African dreads so terrible a being as liis imagination thus conjures up. One of the men told how, some years ago, a party of gorillas were found in a cane-field tying up the sugar-cane in regular bun dles, preparatory to carrying it away. The natives attacked them, but were routed, and several killed, while others were carried off prisoners by the gorillas ; but in a few days they returned home uninjured, with this horrid exception : the nails of their fingers ' and toes had been torn off by their captors. Some years ago a man suddenly disappeared from his village. It is probable that he was car ried off by a tiger : but as no news came of him, the native superstition invented a cause for his absence. It was related and believed that, as he walked through the wood one day, lie was suddenly changed into a hideous large gorilla, which was often pursued afterwards, but never killed, though itoontinually haunted the neighbor hood of the village. Here several spoke up and mentioned names of men now dead whose spirits were known to be dwelling in gorillas. Finally was rehearsed the story which is current among all the tribes who at all know the gorilla ; that this animal lies in wait in the lower branches of trees, watching for people who go to and fro ;_aud, .when, one. passes sufficiently near, grasps the luckless fellow with his powerful feet, and draws him up into the tree, where lie quietly chokes him. Many of the natives agree, I say, in as cribing to the animal this trait of lying in wait for his enemies and drawing them up to him by his " lower hands," as they may properly he called. But I have little doubt that this story is incorrect. Of course, the secluded habits of this animal, which live3 only in the darkest forests, and carefully sliuns all approach to man, help to fill the natives with curious super stitious regarding it. Heartless Treatjient of a Lu natic Lady. — A case disclosing great heartlessness on the part of one or more persons was brought before the Thames police magistrate on Saturday week. A young lady, named Dunbar, the daughter of a deceased officer, was placed cm board a ship at Calcutta, the captain receiving in structions to send her and her companion, as soon as they reached England, to the residence of Mr. Ilalloran, a clergy man resident in the neighbourhood of Plymouth. The young lady was insane, and on being forwarded to the place to which she had been consigned, the clergy men declared that he had no connexion whatever with the Dunbar family, and that he must decline to receive the charge thus attempted to be thrust upon him. The young lady's stepmother, who derives a small income from property left by the unhappy lunatic's father, is said to have got out of the way as soon as she heard of the poor girl's arrival in this country ; and it was represented to the magistrate that Miss Dunbar's relatives iu India had sent her away from India with a reckless desire to free themselves from the respon sibility of attending to her comfort and welfare. It was intended to apply to the parochial authorities to have the unfor tunate lady placed in the county lunatic asylum. A Providential Apparition. — Tho following (vouched for) appears in the London Review : — In the year 1828 a Mr. Robert Bruce was chief mate of a barque trading from Liverpool to New Brunswick. When near the banks of Newfoundland, theoaptain and mate were one day calculating their progress—the mate in the state room, and the captain in the cabin near it. Being absorbed in his work, Bruce had not perceived that tho captain hat gone on deck ; and, without looking round, he called out, 'I make our longitude so-and-so; can that be right? How is yours, sir?' Receiving no reply, he repeated the ques tion, glancing over his shoulder, and perciving, as he thought, the captain busy writing on his Blate. Still receiv ing no answer, he rose, and fronted tho cabin door, were the figure he had mis taken for tho captain looked up, and disclosed the features of an entire stranger. Bruce, terrified at the grave and silent gaze, rushed upon deck, and the captain,, of course, begged to know what was the matter. ' The matter, sir ! who is that at your desk?' 'No one, that I know of.' ' But there is, sir; there's a stranger there.' ' A stranger ! why, man, you must be dreaming. You must have seen the steward there, or the se cond mate. Who else would venture down without orders?' ' But, sir, he was sitting in your armchair fronting the door, writing on your slate. Then he looked up full in my face ; and if ever I saw a man plainly and distinctly in this world I saw him.' ' Him ! whom ?' ' God knows, sir; I don't. I saw a man — and a man I had never seen in my life before ' ' You must bo growing crazy, Mr. Bruce. A stranger ! and we nearly six weeks out ?' ' I know, sir ; but then I saw him.' ' Go down, aud sec who it is. Bruce hesitated. ' I never was a be liever in ghosts,' he said, ' but if the truth must be told, sir, I'd much rather not face it alone. I'd rather we should both go down together.' They went — the captain foremost — but no one was to be found. Taking up the slate, the cap tain saw the words, plainly written on it, ' Steer to tho nor' west. Bruce averred it was not his writing, and the captain made him put down the same words to compare them. The same he did "with the steward, the second mate, and every man of the crew that could write at all, but none of the hands corres ponded. When every nook and corner of the vessel had been searched, from stem to stern, with all the eagerness of excited curiosity, but no stranger could be found, the captain seriously consulted whether tho warning ought not to be obeyed ; and finally he directed the mate to change course to north-west and em ploy a trusty man to look out. About three o'clock an iceberg was descried, and afterwards a dismantled ship entangled in it, with many human beings on board. On a nearer approach she was found to be amere wreck, her provisions exhausted and her orew and passengers almost fa mished. Boats were sent for them ; and as one of the men from the third boat was ascending the ship's side, the mate started back in consternation — for it was the face, the persoD, the dress of him he had seen at the csptains's desk three or four hours before. When the hurry was over, and the barque was on her course again, the mate called the captain aside. ' It seems it was not a ghost I saw today sir. Tho man's alive. Ono of tho pas sengers we have just saved is the same man I saw writing on your slato at noon. I would swear to it in a court of justice.' Together they sought out the man ; and the captain, inviting him down into the cabin, begged he would do him the fa vour to write on his slate. ' Suppose you write steer to the north- west?' The passenger, greatly puzzled at the request, complied nevertheless. The captuin stepped aside, and giving him the slate again, with the other side up, he said, You say that is your hand writting ?' ' I need not say so, for yon saw me write it.' ' And this ?' said the oap- tain, turning the slate over. The passenger was confounded: 'I only wrote one of these.' Who wrote the other?' ' That's more than I can tell you, sir.' ' My mate says you wrote it here — sitting at this desk — at noon to day.' Some further conversation took place, in which the captain of the wreck, being present, joined. He explained that this gentleman had falleD into what seemed a heavy sleep, some time before noon, and on awaking after an hour or more, had expressed his confident hope of deliverance, saying that he had dream ed of being oh board a barque, the appearnccc and rig of wbieh he described, exactly as it appeared when she hove in sight. The passenger averred that he had no recollection of dreaming that he wrote anything. He got the impression, he knew not how, that tho barque was coming to the rescue. 'There is another thing very strange about it,' added h, 'everything here on board seems quite familiar, yet I am very sure I never was in your vessel before.' Whereupon Mr. Bruoe told him all the circumstances of the apparition he had seen, and they agreed in the conclusion that it was a special intcsposition ot irroviacnce. :A CaLIFORNIAN -Duel. —Matters of this kind are quickly adjusted in Cali fornia. An hoar after the affair took place. It w&9 to be, by mutual consent, a " claim duel ;" that is, it was to be fought nudorgronnd, in an exhausted mine, according to a not-unusual Cali- fornian custom. Independent of my personal interest, there was something very strange and gloomy in tho prepara tions. A " claim " was selected, which had been what the miners call " worked out;" that is, all tempting strata had been ransacked so effectually that no gold could remain, and, therefore, the pit might be filled up at once, to serve as the grave of the defeated duellist. The excavation was a narrow and deep one — an oblong of twenty-four or five feet longitudinally. The depth was not less than eleven feet ; the combatants had, therefore, to be assisted into this living tomb, from whioh one of them was never to emerge. My feelings may he ima- | gined as I stood beside this yawning and darksome pit, among a crowd of reckless diggers, jeering and uttering commeuts in mauy languages. Paul stood beside me, cool and courageous, in his red- flannel shirt, and capping his revolver, a large six-shot one. At the other end of the olaim was Hullings, loading a similar weapon, and vaunting loudly of past triumphs, while making no secret of : his sanguinary hopes. The combatants were to be posted at either end of the pit, and the umpire — who was no other than the sheriff — was to give the signal by clapping his hands. If Paul fell, Hullings declared that I should take his place, and boasted that ho should sco the earth filled in upon both of ns befere he went home to his supper. Paul was si lent, rather, but his hand was quite steady in mine. " If I'm dropped, Ned," said he, " there's still a chanco for you, though I wish you had more practice with the pistol, I do. "But I can draw a bead as well as most, and though it's easy to hit, the claim's so tarnation narrer! I'll bet a few I hit the hardest, put your ear down and I'll tell you why." I complied, and Paul whispered : — " This is old Moone's claim, and I help ed to work it. Odc end's broader than t'other, and don't you see, Iv'e managed to stick Hullings there, so I'll get a belter snap at him, in what light there is. So, he's going down ! Good-bye, old fellow, in case I never see day again!" Paul wrung my hand, and was slowly lowered into the pit, where Hullings al ready was. The men were allowed five minutes to settle themselves. Then the umpire began to prepare. He called out : " Are you ready, below ?" "Ready," auswered Paul, cheerfully. "Ready," growled Hullings out of the gloom. It was n moment of terrible excitement. It was strange and awful to hear those' two men's voices speaking out of the darkness, from the depth of the pit that was to be the ensanguined resting-place of one, at least. Both could never come up again to the fellowship of living men. And if Paul were slain, I was to take his place, tho second victim. But I felt no selfish fear ; all my regrets and ap prehensions were for him, the brave, kindly, young Virginian, facing death in my quarrel. My eyes strained to pierce the darkness. I could see nothing. I could only hear a rustling. The foes were stirring in the grave. The umpire called out — " Ready !" and clapped his hands. Crack 1 went both pistols at once, the red flashes lit up the abandon ed mine, and showed the dark forms ol the antagonists, then all was gloom ' again, " Missed, by Geehosaphant !" cried a fellow. I gasped. Flash ! again, , and then quickly came a third double flash, lured through tho darkness. And then there was a groan, long and thrill- ing; but the revolvers gave out their lurid gleam no more. "Is it over?" called the umpire. No answer. We waited, the moments were agony to mo. At last the umpire agreed that torches should he brought, and we descended— four of us — I the first. At the bottom wo found Hullings lying stone dead, shot through the heart. The, Virginian lay in a pool of blood, dead, too, to all ap pearance. But to my beartful joy, Paul proved to bo alive, only badly hurt, hav ing received two bullets in his side and shoulder, and swooned from the bleeding We bore him gently up, and to my tent, and I nursed him through the fever and weakness as I would have my own bro ther, and be was as true as a brother to me, poor fellow! In six weeks Paul was about again. As for Hullings, they buried him just as he lay. That mine was his grave, and he never left it. — New York Household Journal. Parisian Auctions. — James Brooks, Esq., the senior editor of the New York Express, is now on the European conti nent, where ho has been for several months past, and by every steamer sends a vory interesting letter to his paper. The following,, under date of Paris, 17th March, will be found quite readable : — Tho French mode of conducting sales by afrction is curious. It is a complete system, differing essentially from any I have ever seen elsewhere. Despite their reputation, for irregularity and frivolity, the French, in matters of business, are as methodical and careful as their neigh bours on the other side of the channel, or their former allies on the other side of the AtlaDtio. Everything in which trade plays a part is done upon fixed and immutable principles, and of all their systems, that of auction is one of the most remarkable, both for its ex treme simplicity as well as its perfection. In sales of importance, such as of land, houses, or other transactions, involving large sums of money, the affair is placed in the hands of a notary, who, for the time becomes an auctioneer. The pro perty, whatever be its nature, is usually first examined by competent judges, who fix upon it a price, considerably less than its value, but always sufficient to prevent any ruinous loss by a concerted -plan or combination of bidders. The property is then offered, conformably to previous notice, with this fixed valuation stated The notary auctioneer is provided with a number of small wax tapers each cap able of burning three or five minutes. As soon as a bid is made one of these tapers is placed in view ot ail tbe m- -teToated parties and lighted. IF, beforfe it expires, another bid is offered, it is immediately extinguished and a fresh taper placed in its stead, and so on, un til one flickers and dies of itself, when the last bid becomes irrevocable. This simple plan prevents all contestation among rival bidders, and affords each a reasonable time for reflection before mak ing a higher offer than that of his pre decessor. By this means, too, the auo- tioneer is prevented from exercising un due influence upon the bidders, or hastily' accepting tho bid of a favourite. It also saves him from deciding between two parties each protesting himself to be first; aa it mnst become evident before the taper expires, who the proposed pur chaser really is. This for the large and important sales. The smaller ones are scarcely Icbs curious, and are certainly far more amusing. Here, too, all is re- -duced to a system, and an admirable system it is — one whioh American auc tioneers. would. lose nothing by adopting. In the Rue Drouot, a few steps from the Bouletards des Italiens, is a building called tbe ' Hotel des Ventes ' — -literally ' hotel of sales.' This edifice is a hand some construction, nearly, if not quite, as largo as the Merchants' Exchange in Wall-street. It was built specially for the purpose to which it is devoted, and here take place tho prinoipal auctions of Paris. The building is two storeys in height, and is divided into abont 20 different 'salles,' or balls, each bearing a distinctive number, and each devoted to sales of a particular nature. Thus, in one of theso balls are only pictures and works of art; in another, furniture and so on. Everything offered at these sales is at second hand, or comes from the shop of some bankrupt whose chattels have been condemned to be sold to the ' highest bidder. 