CURRENT TOPICS. Yesterday the lion J. H. Brooke, the hon J. M. Grant, with' the Surveyor- General and Engineer-in-Chief, proceeded along the Gcelong and' Ballarat line of railway as far as Meredith to fix the sites for tho various stations. They were accompanied by His Worship the Major, Johu Guthrie, Esq, the Collector of Customs, James Cowie, Esq, and several other gentlemen. It was definitely arranged that the terminus on this side should be in Gcelong proper as at present, and that a second line of rails should bo laid down from the West Geelong Junction for that purpose. It is contemplated to erect a station at the Stieglitz road, six andahalf miles from Gcelong; the next at Lethbridge, fourteen miles from town, and another at Meredith. The party of inspection remained at Meredith last night, iutcnding to proceed to Ballarat to-morrow, when_ tho remaining stations will no doubt be decided on. The County Court will re-open at 10 o'clock. The first cause to be called on is Betts v Beancli. All interested should attend sharp at the hour set down. During the proceedings in the County Court yesterday afternoon a man either insane or drunk created a disturbance iti the body of the Court, and being brought before the bench, -His Honor remarked that he found him guilty of a contempt of Court in his own heariug, and sentenced him to pay a fine of forty shillings, or in default to be imprisoned for three days. After fumbling in his pockets for some time tho delinquent declared lie was uuable to pay, on which His Honor directed that a warrant of commits ment should be made out. whereunon the disturber exclaimed, repeating it in a very' impertinent manner, "I don't care what you do with me," on which His Honor ordered that the sentence should bo three days' im prisonment, whether the fine was paid or not. 'i be attendance of at least one policeman is much required in the County Court to keep order. As the Court sits but a few days at a time, surely a constable might be told off for this duty. The opening of the Congregational Church organ, postponed from Last week, will take placo to-morrow evening. Judging from the programme it will bo a great musical treat Some of the choicest gems from the works of Handel, Mendelssohn, Spohr andHaydn, will ■be played by the organists of Qeelong. Mr Kussel, of Melbourne,. iu addition to playing some pieces, is expected' to deliver an ad dress on Church Psalmody. The Lecture which was to have been de livered by David Blair, Esq., in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday even ing last, but did not take place, ib set down poiitivety for this evening in the samo place, at half-past 7 o'clock. The subject is, " A Plea for Ghosts," (in answer to Mr Michie.) At eight o'clock this morning, five candi dates will present themselves before the ratepayers of Newtown-cura-Chilwell as candidates for nomination to fill the vacan cies 'occasioned by the retirement of threo members of the Municipal Council. All the candidates will be put in nomination, but as there are two more than are required, a poll will take place to-morrow at 8 a.m., and ter minating nt 4 p.m. Among the many complaints that have reached us respecting the consequences of the railway disorganisation of Monday last, that relating to the loss experienced by Mr McShane, at the Little River, is not the least serious. The 5 15 train from the Werribee having been detained there for some hours the passengers left behind, at least the dis- reputable portion of them, taking advantage of Mr McShane's absence, laid hands upon everything that came within their reach. A public dinner (a report of which appears in another column) being held at the same time, whole joints wore stolen—a turkey, a whole ham, fowls, round of beef, tarts, giblet pies— and some scoundrel, having obtained access to the store, and helped himself to some sherry, went away and left the tap open, and it was not until many gallons were wasted that the theft was discovered. Every time that a fresh supply of ale or porter was brought from the store the lights were blown out, when bottles, &c.;, disappeared, it is needless to say, without payment. In the crowded state of the bar it was, of course, impossible to say who were the guilty parties. Some parties not unknown to fame are suspected, and the little dark fellow who was caught with the tongue had better not put in an appearance there, or he may be compelled to find out the depth of a part of the river at the rear of the Station Peak Hotel. Many who partook of the gratis supper and drink may have done so without any intention of acting dishonestly. All such of course know now where to send their score. Mr M'Shane has had plenty of hard rubs during the last three or four years with out this one. At a meeting of the shareholders of the Melbourne and Suburban Rail way Company, held yesterday to con sider and determine as to providing funds for the extension of the line, it was after dis cussion resolved to raise debentures accord ing to necessity, such debentures to be first offered Co the shareholders before being put on the market, and that the directors should have power to hypothecate as many shares as may from time to time be required to carry out tbo arrangements, the borrowing powers of the Company not being exceeded. Mr Brooke's O'C'allaghan Inst night was " racy of tire soil." 'J'he good humor of the seedy Irish gentleman was contagious, and speedily won the good graces of the audience. Of the other members of the company wc would select Mr Rogers for special mention, ho is a sterling actor, and good in everything 1 be tries. To-night Mr Brooks plays Yit 'ginm . Tiio Sandhurst Bee has the following esti mate of the Wcrribco encampment. •',Seri-:J ously, we do not think that this Werribce business has been well done. There' has been too'much-drinking in the,face of it. The Age let the cat out of the bag on Satur day, in its published'plan of the encamp ment. It is all Spiers and Pond ; but Pond is uot the proper word ; ,the Werribce is, for the time, a lake,--nay, a bay of liquor. Here, upon the plan, the most prominent features are the strong drink arrangements. First comes within the tented ground, " Wine and Spirits Wholesale," appropriately Hanked by the Mounted Rifles of the Marsh of Bacchus. Wine and Spirit wholesale! the meaning of which is nothing less than two gallons—we should like to know who arc to be the customers at this wholesale drinking store. Probably the Staff, possibly His Ex cellency the (j'overnor; tho thing is puzzling, notwithstanding, for although there be tra ditions of gentlemen with capacity to carry away the contents of two bottlcs, who ever heard of two-gallon men ? Next upon the plan comes a retail wine and spirit bar. Is this altogether the style of thing which is to be found in real camps and in actual service. Is the world to be told) that our volunteers' courage is of the Dutch kind, and that gentle men in Victoria cannot sleep for a night or two under canvas orgothrough a few parades and lnaueeuvres without a reserve of uobblers to fall back upon ? To people at a distance this Werribce affair will look like a mere publican's speculation. There i3 too much drinkabout it." fiefcrriug to the late smothering of three men iu a shaft at Carngham, the Eallarat Star, of yesterday, says.—"No farther dis covery in connection with tho buried men had been made up to Monday evening, when tho workers left olf working, as their opera tions wero getting increasingly dangerous, and the need of some more efficient direc tion was felt ou all hands.. Wo believe Mr; Davies has been to Clunes for the purpose of securing the services of some person there to' superintend the work of exhumation for the future. Seeing that tlicro is 110 probability mow of finding any one of the remaining unfortunates alive, this delay is most pru dent, as .without it there would be a,great probability of another disaster perhaps equally doplorable with that' the meu now halting have been so energetically laboring to disclose. We understand that the inquest 011 the body already discovered baa been postponed, in order to obtaiii scientific evi dence as to the state of the miiio when the accident occurred." The Newtown-cum-Chilwell Council met last night. Tho report is held over till to morrow. 