REPUDIATION IN THE SOUTH. < (from th» Timu Oorrnpondtnt.) ONH gentleman has found it convenient to inform Major Anderson that lie deos not intend to moot oertoin bills whlob be had given the Mnjor for some slaves. Anolhor deolares bo won't pay anybody at all, a* he tia dlsobvered it la immoral, and contrary to the UW ul nations to do so. A third feils himself hound to obpj the oommands of the Governor ot bis State, who hs . ordered that debts due tr» the North shall not be llqu - dattd. As a naive tpeelmen of the way in which th* whole ease ia treated, take Ibis artiole abd the eorrei Eohdenee or "one of the molt promlnsnt meroantile rjaiti of Now QilfMi" j ** SOUTHESK DEBTS TO mm Noam, " Tbs Cinelnatti Gazette copias tba following pars erjpb for the New York Beening Pott :. . Bid Faith.-The bsd faith of the Southern mer ohanta in their transactions with their Northern corre- spondents is becoming more evident daily. Wo have heard of several recent asses where parties in thia city, retired from active business, have nevertheless, stepped forward to protect the credit of their Southern friends. They are now ooolly informed that they cannot be reim- bursed for these advonoes until the war ia over. We know of a retired merchant who in this way has lost 100,000 dollars.' -and adds : " . Tbe same here. Men who have done most for the Soath are the ohiuf sufferers. Debts are ooolly repudia- ted by Southern merobauts, who have heretofore enjoyed a firBt-olaBB reputation. Mon who have grown rich npon the trod o furnished by tbs West are among the first to pookct the money of their correspondents, asking, with all the impudence and BBsnranoe of a highwayman, 11 What are you going to do about it?" There is honour among thieves, it is said, but there is not a spark of honour among those repudiating merobants. People who have aided and trusted them to the last moment are the greatest losers. There is a future, however. This war will be over, and the Soutbern merohants will desire a resumption.of their connexions with the West. As the repudiators-snob ea Goodrioh and Co., of New Orleans-will be Bpurned, there will be a grand opening for honest men. , "'Thora are many honourable exemptions in the South, but dishonesty is the rule. The lotter is but the development of latent rasoality. The rebellion has af- forded a pretext merely for the swindling operations. The parties previously eoUd honestly,: only because that was the best polioy. The sifting process that may now be conducted will be of advantage to Northern merchants in the future. The present lóseos will bo fully made up by subsequent gains.' . ? "We have been requested to oopy the following reply to this tirade from'one ol our most prominent mercantile houses, MessrB. Goodrich and Go. ? i «"New Orleans, May 94,1801.B . ' Cincinnati Gazette,-Vie were handed, through a friend of onrs, your issue of the 18th instant, and atten- tion direoted to on artiole oontoined therein, in whioh yea are pleased to particularise us ont ol a large number of blgbly respectable merobants of this and other South- ern cities as repudiators, swindlers, and other epithets, better suited to the mouths of the Wilson Regiment ol New York than from a once respectable sheet, but .now. has sunk BO low in tbe depths oi niggerdom that it would take all the fioap io Forkopolis and the Ohio river to oleanse it from its foul pollution. " . Wo are greatly indebted to you for using our name in tba above article, aa we deem it the best oard you could publish for u?, and may greatly add to 'our busi- ness relations in the Confederate States, which will enable us in the end to pay our indebtedness to these who propose cutting our throats, destroying our pro- perty, stealing our negroes, and starving our WÍVOB and ohildren, to pay such men in times of war. You moy term it rascally, but wo beg leave to oalt it patriotism. " Glvo.the sinews of war to your enemies have ever been considered as treason,-Kent. '" 'Now for "repudiating." We'hare never, nor do we ever expeot to repudiate any debt oaing by our firm. But tb!« muob we will. Bay, ne vor will we pay a debt due by us to a man, or any company of men, who is a known Black Bepublioen and marohing in battle array to in- vade our homes and firesides, until every anon person , shall ba .driven baok and their'polluted footsteps shall, now on our once happy soil, bo entirely obliterated. " . We have been in business in tbis city for 90 years, bave passed tbrongh every crisis with our name untarnished or .oredit impaired, and. would . ot present sacrifice all we have made, were I it necessary, to sustain our oredit in the Conlederacy, but caro nothing for the opinions of snob 'as ara open and avowed enemies. We are sufficiently known in this city not to require the endorsement of the Cincinnati G axe tte, or' any snob Bhoet, for a cbaraoter. " . The day is ooming, and not far distant, when there will be an awful reokoniug, and we are willing and deter- mined to stsnd by our. Confederate Hag, sink or swim, and would like to meet some of tbe Gazette's editors vis a vis on the field of blood, and seo who would be the iii st to flinch. " ' Oar senior, partner has, Blrcady contributed. one . darkey tbis year to your ' population, and abe is anxmuB to return,-but we.have a,few more left wbiab you oan haví, provided you will oome and take them your- selves. ' ' '?" "'We bavo said more than wo .intended, and hope you will giro thia a place in your paper, ?. « . GOODMOH AHD Co.'" There is some little soreness felt boro about the ase of the word " repudiation," and it will do the hearts of ?ome people good, and will carry comfort to the ghost of the Bev. Sydney Smitb, if it oan hear the tidings, to know I have been ' asaured,' over and over again, by eminent mercantile people and statesmen, that thero is "a general desire" on . the pi.rt of the repudiating States., to.. . pay their bonds, and that no doubt, at' some future period, not very oloorly asoertalnable ot plainly indicated, that general desire will canse somo activo steps to bo taken to satisfy Its intensity of a character very unexpected, and very gratifying to those interested. The tariff of the Southern Confederation has just been promulgated, and I send herewith'a oopy of the rates. Simultaneously, however, with this dooument, the United States steam frigates Brooklyn and Niagara have made their appearance off tbe Pass a 1'Oulre, and the Mississippi is closed, and with it the port of New Orleans. Thu steamtugs refuto to tow out vessels for fear.of oapluro, and British bhips are la jeopardy. MOUNT VEBNO.S TO DE KEPI SACRED.-The Augusta . Chronicle says:- As Virginia is to be the great battle < ground betwoen tho contending seationn, end the first collision is likely to take plaoo on the oanks of the Potomao, wo bopo that both parties will consent lo respeot one Bpot as saored and neutral ground. Let the grave of Washington be still venerated by bis country- men al both sides, and let his ashes not be disturbed by the clash of hostile steel or tho roar of cannon. Let there be one spot where tho desoondontB of the msn who fought under Morlan, and Sumter, and Putnam and Greene, can meot without shedding ouch other's blood, and trever an amicable settlement of this unhappy oivii war is to be attempted, lot us keep tho holy ground of Mount Vernon dedioated to the purposes of pesos; there let the orbitrutory .convention which, sooner or later, must treat on some terms for an adjustment of hostili- ties, meet fer the purpose. Let the press, the only organ which can now speak to tho people, .both North and South, olaim from the leaders rm both sides that no " military nooesaily '.' shall oxunse tho defilement of tho soil cf Mount Vornbn with carnrgo, or -its air by tho sulphurous breath of bottle. -, . MOSQUITOES-" Are thero many moaquitfea huior" inquired I of tim waiter on the day of my arrival. ' Well, there'd a few, TguuHs; but I winn there wero ten times as mn ny." "lu the namo of goodness, why dj you say sor" at ¡ted 7, with' some surprise and indig- nation. " Btoause we'd got rid of tbs --Black Rs rublicans out of Fort Fiokons nil the sooner," replied bc. There is a strange unilateral tendenoy in tho minds of men in judging of tho operation of causes and results in such a contest OB that whioh now prevails between tbs North «nd tho South, Tho waiter reasoned and spoke like many of bin bettors. Tba mosquitoes, for whose aid ho was so anxious, wera regarded by bim as true Southerners, who would only torture his enemies. The idea of those persecuting little fiends being so unpatriotic es to vox tho Confederates in thoir sandy oiinp never enter.d into bin mind for a moment. In tbe samo way a gentleman of intelligence, who was speaking tome of the terrible Bulleringa whioh would bo inflicted on the troops at Tortugos and Pickens by favor, dysantory, and summor heats, looked quito surprised when I asked him " Whether these ogenoica would not provo equally ter- rible to tho troops of tho Confederates ?"-Lotter from Mr. RUBBOII, at Mobile, in The Times. 