TOWN 9 o Tho following was issued W 9 ® o supplement to Tuesday's r"""1 9 Gazette .— 3 rer»«!tM f 11 011SKHVAN0B OP NJitJTUALlTY 9 J CONTEST IN NOllTlx AMEIlICl " Tho subjoined despatch from e 9 " of Staio for tho Colonies to tlw ft CCrelulB f published for general information ranco. na ohetS "By His Excellency's command. fl Au'guif 18S6L"tarJ'8 »» ifl t# "Downing street, X,t Jnne ' «' ' Sir,-— You aro already . aware jl Queen is desirous of observing , . ?9 neutrality in tho contest which apnea 9 imminent botwoon tlio United Stnl " to kj so-stylod Confederato States of North I0"1111!® I havo now to inform ycu that, in f givo full offoct to this principle, nrtnl f has been pleased to interdict the arm 'i-9 ' and also tho privateers of both pjrlif /'M carrying prizes mndo by them into tl," 9 harbours, rondstcads, or waters of t! »'9 ' Kingdom, or ot any of Her Majejf Y'j'.i® t or possessions abroad. "It is Her Majesty's desiro Umt thi. V t hibitiou should bo forthwith notified t 19 ' proper authorities within her dominion, 19 1 I am to desiro that you take |9 ; secure its effectual obsorvauco with;,, (i ? | of your Government. 1 " I havo tho honour to be, Sir Wll ?-JH obodicnt humble servant, " kewcuu, « Governor Sir H. Barkly, etc., etc., Tho Church of England Assembly cor.chJA its sittings yesterday evening, after nasi„nH series of resolutions disposing of tho long ./JH question of tho Geolong Grammar School. " Wo rogrot to hear," says the Ormt.«tJ9 User, « that Mr. Daniel Cameron, formed® M.L.A. for this district, is wanted' <9 cccount of occurrences nt Lambing Flat riots.B Ho was expected in this district, en route fnl oilior parts." An adjourned meeting of the Aniam.I Society was hold last night at Kyto's buildin« 1 Bourko street. Tho President, Mr. Savul occupied tlio chair, and read a long and it. I torosting paper on "Beo Pasturage," showinsB that tho colony was most suitablo for ili0M propagation and nurture of this rahmbl.fl insect. A vote of thanks wns UDam'mousJyi 1 accorded to Mr. Sayer for his raluaMo micr.jfcl After tho election of some members, and the?' 1 transaction of somo other routine business, tbof proceedings woro brought (o a close. / Tho Federal Standard snys:— "Fivo bu|.f9 locks supposed to bo infected with plgg.fiH pneumonia woro driven into tho police docks last week, from tlio Messrs. RtflH Brothers' station, to await tlio decision oits|H authorities as to what shall bo dono them." As we understand it, there ere so authorities now to whom such matters can in H referred, and people had hotter look after tliiirH diseased cattle thomselvcs. H Arthur John . Wvse, a clork in tho Foil- office department, appeared on summons pi. H torday at tho Oity Court to answer a charge oi H personating nn clcotor named John Wyse, at M tlio North Mclbourno election. There was ne9 evidence to show that Mr. Wyso inlcnJelsB personation, and tho Bench dismissed thefjl caso. /j Tho Ballaarat Times understands, " thntFl the candidata who protested against tho cJeojl tion for Grenville, in consequence of the rc-"6 pouted opening during the day of tho ballot-il box at Bokcwood, intends to prosceuto thojfl matter, and will produce ovidcnco to support tho protest." 1 Tho action brought by Miller Brothers 1 gainst tho Australasian Insurance Company, I to recover tho amount of inBuraneo on goods I on board tho Ariel wkon bIio was burned if I Capo Sehauck in April last, was commenced in I tho Old Court yesterday. Ono of tho pleas ii, I that tiio vessel wo a wilfully sot on firo by ou I of-tho plaintiffs, who was a passenger. An I attempt to effect a scttlomont occupied counsel I for about two hours, but u satisfactory arrange. I mcnt could not bo como to, nnd tho cess I cc ardingly went to trial. I Yesterday's Eatlaarat Star says : — " It lis I boen statod, but wo know not on what authc- I rity, that Mr. Ronald Ciipipbell and his frier-is I spont something liko LIGOO in contesting tlis I representation of Ripon and Hampden mil 1 Mr. Sorvico." | In tho Equity Court yesterday His Honour jj delivered judgment in sovcral cases. In that I of Musson v. Bourne, where on application 1 had boon mado to sot asido a writ of no exeat 1 against tho defendant for tho payment of costs, I His Honour refused tho apphcation, as he I thought that all tho grounds on which it lis! 1 been made had failed. In the caso of Levy v. Earrell, a motion to sot asido an award, H i Honour hold tho objection made to bo a good one, and romittod the arbitrators' award back to thorn for reconsidoralion. In tho ense of Jno. Regan Davis, an insolvent, who had beea j refused his oortiGcnto by tho Chief Commis. sionor, nn appeal had been made, and Hi) Honour delivored judgment on it. Although thoi'o was evidence of tho insolvent boring gambled to a considerable extent, His Honour thought that, according to tho act, tho neces sary ingredient for tho refusal of tho certificate was wanting, viz., that tho insolvent had beea loser by his gambling transactions, and lis therefore allowed him his certificate. Wo givo tlio following from yesterday's Eatlaarat Star as a proof of tho interest beginning to bo felt in tho visit of the AJ England Elovon to Victoria : — " Somo of the All England Eleven Beem to bo anticipating with much gloo their coming visit to Australia. Mr. Finloy, ono of the eleven, wns thus re ported at a dirinor givon last Juno, nt Mans field, Notts : — ' I antioipato ;a glorious season in Victoria.. It will bo tho greatest novelty in my cricketing experience.1 The cloven havo recontly beaton 22 in Ireland on a ' we" fougliten field.' As tho Victorians will baro to pick their team from all Victoria, every club should do its best during tho ensuing soison. If tho old country champions should get a thrashing by evon a Victorian 22, tbcj will havo less to boast of than when they c ® tho American or tho Irish shores." In tho Criminal Court yesterday several CB903 were disposed of, tho principal of w ue was tlio cliargo ngainst Elizabeth Glecson, or cutting her child's throat. Tlio prisoner was defended by Br; Sowell, and tho evidcnco wa Bimilnr to that wliieh was given ot the a- Collingwood Police Court. Tlio only defence of course that coidd bo set up was the I Tr roiind 1';, .. of wounding but rocommcndcd pri.oner Eu" J on(J ai,0 wn3 remanded until jj, to B"rffeentcncc. Daniel Austin was fjiunl"; 10 of pfnbbing n police constnblo fninil f 7 £cnny, mid bo wns also re p#«' psn"'3 jentenco. William Bellam.n rr.;ndod or nnJ Jo|m Brocklebank woro Jo'"1 ofhigliwny robbery. Hia Honour found 6'" J ()l0 frequency of tliio crimo> n'®ar . 'n0 less than seven charges of this tli"1' tc'n®ic cncnclar for this month, and as lJ""C<"'i» wntcnccd each of tlio prisoners to labour on the roads. "''"Lre llobsrt Town papors to tlio 12th, j ijiww5'011 10 th0 13th inst' v .nncbronisin evor employed by dramatic who deal in burlesque can possibly bo "dhr „bsurd in its nature than that f|,00 actors pcrpetrato who invnriably with a moustache, no matter what tlio 'ifi3r. . h (hey are assuming may happen r:'; J 1 jfot unfi'cquently will tlio illusion hit should bo tlio aim of tlio genuino to preserve, bo complotcly dispelled by Pretention of this unnecessary appendage Itis colony, actor3 impersonating such Peters as sailors, country bumpkins, and . cs 0f ordinary men in actual life, tlio Vnnls of which would as soon think of 'f |in„ (in, « porter's knot" ooiffuro or tli ' k-pio" hat as of following their eetical avocations with their upper lips yed with hair, have often displayed tlieir f:'' oiisl venily in this respect to tlio detriment rj in fact, destruction of tlio distinguishing toii'i of the parts tlicy thus wilfully mis- bfcrpret. What could bo more ridiculous Ijj, for tho representativo of William, in "BhAojcd Susan," to attempt to realise tho jji of » British man-of-wnr's-man, and wear" mt onco tlio charaeteristio pigtail of the "1'jj and a luxuriant crop of moustaelics ? jCt very recently such an anomaly lias H witnessed on tho stago of tliisoity. Tlio nation is quito modern, and lin3 no proce- in tho records of tho British Thcatro. ihr managers must surely recogniso its absurdity, and ought determinedly to ubo tiicir influence and authority to effect its abolition- I jbev would not permit tho representativo of I (he "ghost of Hamlet's father to etnlk on and I Olf in top hoots, whereas such a chaussuro for I the spectre of the Royal Dano would hardly bo I more uncharacteristic than tho appearaneo of I a red-haired impersonation of somo rii3tio I Hodge with a mous'acho in n high I state of cultivation. Wo are glad to I find that in Englaud at least ono I theatrical manager has resolved upon dis- I countenancing tin's anomaly. The following I paragraph from tho Manchester Examiner will 1 ilford further explanation: — "Mr. Samuel I Bosbv, a well-known theatrical manager and a 1 jbeer actor of many years' Btanding in tho ft forth of England — onco on a time, by tho favourito on tho Manchester boards — H illy faces a fast-increasing stago nuisanco, H el, taking his company by tlio nose, lias I iolcrminod upon shaving them — ' Walking I gentleman,' ' Old man,' 1 Heavy business, I 'low comedy man,' and ' Leading tra- I gdiaa' included. In advertising for a I new company, Mr. Roxby adds : ' No gen- I tlemon need apply who wears a moustacho.' I Heis a veteran octor, of the good school, when I tho artist thought more of his art than his I hirsute appendages : when a closely-shaved I he o was symbolic of his professional calling, I and left him freo for a varied characteristic I 'mads up.' Mr. Eoxby, wo should think, aonot havo less than a service of plate, in the hps of a ' lather-brush and razor,' presented tlu'm conjointly by the members of tho 'arbors' Company,' and play-loving publio agtneral." Us Castlemaine Advertiser says " Tlio I hrthern Cricket Club havo collected a con- iffersblo Blim towards fencing in the ground on I lUtmsid'a Elat, on which it is intended to I invite iVvo 'All England Elevon,' The tender I ofSSi.YJra. Edwards was accepted." K XUhe City Court yesterday, tlireo Gormans, I named Peter Eeinoho, Peter Basedoll, and I Christopher Gicgcnhein, were charged with I having and working on illicit still' in a lioue0 I in Jeffcott street. Both tho prisoners and the I still were found in tho house by tho detootivo I officers. Tho Bench remanded all the men I to the Supremo Court, there to bo dealt I with. I lVo are informed that tho management of I tho Thcatro Eoynl has secured tho services of Messrs. Charles Young and Lambert, and that I Matter gcntlemnn will mako liis ro-appearanco I at this thcatro next Monday ; Mr. Young I renewing his acquaintance with tho citizens tho following week. 