THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (Pt)KMSHKO DAll.V.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AN'D OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, DEC. 24, I8G1. BENDIGO SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. PER It.M.S. SALSETTE.' POLITICAL SUMMARY. THE great political event of the month lias been the birth of Sir. Duffy's Land Bill, which is now presented to the country in .th^. most attractive long clothes. Its sponsors are the Chief Secretary (Mr. O'Shanassy), and the Treasurer (Mr. Haines), and we have a promise that when the tender swadling has been, ''shortened" and intro duced into the drawing-room, it will be favorably received by the old ladies therein assembled; Before describing the fair proportions of the Ministerial. " Young Hercules," it may be as well to observe that but for the liberality of the late Government in reference to the I. and Question, and the decided stand taken by the country, "and more especially by the goldfields members, on the subject, the public domain might and'wfiuldTor years have continued pretty much in utahi quo. The squat ters would have had their leases continued, and during the tenure, partly with their own, and partly with supplied resources, would have,swal-. lowed up, in fee simple, the choicest of the land over which their cattle now roam, almost for nothing. We have hitherto been antagonistic to the Ministry, composed " of all the talents," and strongly disposed to favor the sneered down Heales Government. -Nor are our opinions ?upon the point" materially*" changed. At the same time it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that- for a while Mr. Heales' star is on the wane." and that the ex-Chief Secretary can only count upon.rising into power arain, 11,6 "successors;, ouieihniy pledged are-Mr'. DuffjvMr. O'Shanassy, mid the rest of the Cabinet-always excepting the' Attorney-General, whose pledge'for good 6"r evil counts for nothing, or, if for anything, against the party he professes to support-solemnly pledged' are they to a Land Bill which proposes* far more liberal terms than any measure ever yet brought authoritatively before a Victorian Parliament. The new land scheme proposes, within' six months, to survey, for selection, not less than four, million acres of good agricultural land; and promises always to keep open two millions of acres of arable soil. The. price to be given by intending farmers and settlers is to be £1 per acre, paid as follows:-10s. per acre down for a moiety, and half a-crown an acre for the remaining half, to be paid yearly, for eight years. Meanwhile the purchaser would have the fee simple of the half paid for, so that he could borrow upon it. The bill also provides that as soon as one- fourth of an area has been taken up for settlement, the remainder will be open for commonage for the settlers until the whole area has been occupied. Ample pro vision would be also made against land jobbers and speculators taking up the public lands, and the whole would be placed under efficient control. But Mr. Duffy's Bill is more comprehensive still. It proposes to settle the vexed question of the land, not , only agriculturally, but pastorally as well.. Ten millions of acres are to be given to the agriculturist, and seven being taken from the total of fifty million acres which Vic toria is supposed to contain- four and a-half already alienated from the Crown, half a million taken up by gold workings, and two millions laid out as farmer's commons -the remaining thirty-eight millions are to be let for pastoral purposes. The twenty five million acres of grazing land already occupied by squatters are to be let on annual leases, indeed until they are required for other purposes. The re maining thirteen million acres of pasforal lands, now unoccupied and not fit for tillage, are to be let in 800 large runs, which will be let to the highest bidder. Instead of the assessment on stock at present levied, the squatting runs will be valued from . time to time according' to their grazing capabilities, and a rent charged accordingly. The system of local self-government initiated', by the late Ministry^ is to be brought into effect by the present. A District Councils Bill, pro viding that all money derived from the sale of lapds in any locality shall be expended upon : its improvement in the matter of roads, bridges, and other necessary works, is to be brought in. This portion of the new land policy will most commend itself to the country, which has long been suffering from neglect of its wants displayed by successive Governments. ...... The House adjourned early on Saturday morn ing until the 14th January, after a- sharp debate upon'a motion by Mr. Brooke, relative to the proposed squatting licenses, which, he urged, ought not to be renewed. The motion, and an' amendment that they, be renewed lor six month's only, were both negatived, but not b}r large ma jorities. The pension question occupied the Assembly a; whole 'evening, on which occasion the Attorney General favored the House with extracts from a correspondence between himself and the Governor relative to his claim upon the Civil List,.putting the case hypothetically all the while. The disguise was, however, so thin that Mr. Ireland was twitted into throwing oifthe mask altogether, when he appeared, as Mr. Service stated, in. the character of a " bold beggar." A bill determining that no one shall be in future entitled to a pension who has not served as a Minister of the Crown for five years is now before the House. The general opinion is, that if Mr. Ireland, or Air. Anybody else, is entitled by any existing act to a pension, the sooner he and his claims' are satisfied the better, but that for the future an already over- burdened country shall not saddle itself with a yearly charge to support men whom factious motives and tne bait of a pension constantly dangling before their eyes induces to become Ministers ?whenever the chance offers, and almost invariably to the stop page and detriment of the public business. We shall not now pronounce upon Mr. Duffy's land scheme, being desirous to give the new Go vernment every opportunity of retrieving past errors, and credit for having sank small private grievances in a general desire to benefit the colony, the depreciation of whose bonds is attributable to ?an iartiill?-' in the . Time*, and a rigma role written to order, by. an rffete and disappointed politician in Victoria, -who, had he a spark of honor, would before this have resigned a seat gainedby the fraudulent practices of one who is now expiating his offence in the Melbourne Gaol. - ' "'.* : \- On our next summary day we shall be able to speak, far more definitely of the bona or mala ?fide*, of the O'Sbanassy Government; Meanwhile we " leave them, to* their 'operation;"; 'r 