EUROPEAN EXTRAC'TS. "The Alpaca; its Introduction into Aus tralia, and the Probabilities of its Acclimation there," was the suiject of an interesting paper, by 2Ir. George Ledger, read at the last meeting of the Society of Arts. The author began by giving a description of the alpaca, the llama, and other animals of a similar kind, natives of South America. The llama was much used in Peru as a ',ast of burden, and its wool was employed in the manultbeture of cordage, carpets, beds, cover lets, &c.; The alpaca was of a smaller size, and its wool was remarkably soft and beauti ful. It lappeared that, even in the 16th cen tury, and probably earlier, the Peruvians em ployed it in the production of textures of much delicacy and beauty. Notwithstanding the rennualtbll e quality of the alpaca wool, it was long before the value was appreciated in Europe. According to the best authorities the first person who produced a marketable fitbric in IEngland was Mlr. Ifenjamjin Outram, in 1830, of Greetland near HIIlifitx. His fiabrics were, however destitute of the peculiar gloss and beauty wlhich distinguished the alpaca fabrics of later times, and after a short period the manufactture was abandoned. Mr. Titus Salt was the first who really overcame the difliculty of preparing anti spinning this wool, and the fiabrics made from it were now well know articles of commerce. Statistics showed that the quantity imported had gone on steadily increasing up to about 2,500,000 lb. last year. The author expressed his opinion that this supply would be hardly maintained unless a better system of conducting the trade in South America was introdtluced. HIaving touched upon some other animals of a similar kind, he proceeded to describe the efforts mnane by his brother, Mr. Charles Ledger, to introduce the alpaca, and the success which attended them. He appeared to have been exposed to many great difficulties and dangers in getting the animals out of Pern, the govern ment then absolutely prohibiting their expor tation. The plan he adopted was to have the flocks, which numbered about 270, driven first into the Argentino Confederation, and thence into Chili, friom whence they were slhipped to Sydney. Numerous extracts were given firom the letters and reports of Ml. Charles Ledger, tending to show that the animals thrived well and increased in numbers; that the grass found in Australia was suited for their food; and that tie alpaca might now be regarded as an Australian animal. In attempting to estimate the probable results to our colonies of the intro duction of the alpaca, the author draw attention to the benefit they had originally derived from the introduction of sheep, which had so enormously increased in numbers. In conclusion he gave an estimate of the probable increase of the alpaca in Australia during the next fifty years, and pointed out how largely the commerce of the colony, and indeed the whole world, would thus be benefited. We stated before that the case " Patorson v. Bonaparteo " had come before the Tribunal of First Instance at Paris on January 25. The point of this case was, whether hIiss Paterson's marriage with the nlato Prince Jerome Bonaparte was legal or not. The arguments on both sides were of great length. II. Berryer, advocate for the plaintiff, denied that the marriage, as alleged, was clandestine or in fraud of the lsaw. Miss Patterson was oighteen, and Jerome Bonaparte twenty-one, and the wedding was celebrated by a bishop in the presence of a French consul. The marriage status had lasted from 1803 to 1800, slad the decree of the emperor annulling the contract could have no force over a mar ringo contracted before ho was emperor. Mioreover, when tho decree was issued, Jerome was not a French prince, and therefore not subject to the oxceptional jurisdiction of the , imieritf lhouse. Letters were read in which :Prince ~apileon spoke of the claimant as his "brotheir ?nd it was .proved that the present emiperro bnt'had sattled the crown on the do scondants of Jeroime Bonnlparte "bby his"tmar . oige with:Priticess Catherine of Winrtem ' berg;,? thsib inplicitly anclnowelde'ing the eax :stence of another;tuarriageo : 11. 13orryer ladso atlirmned that his client didno elaim' to. ;Ip a meimb r ot,the iisperial fainily, but only i" the fasmily of the emperor.. 1. ,Allon's: eidinder e , sistcd partly of anlegationhs that .1 is 5 P (i' n. inceew she'd osly .obt,,tied al CUtsico co, t es s father c inc ' ?c'r ie Lies e' t hl'et tha't l ofI ° marriage, even in America, was doubtful ; but it rested mainly on the fact that the question submitted for consideration had been already decided by a competent tribunal. This last ground was the ground on which the judg ment (delivered on February 16) proceeded. A? fiamily council summoned by tile present emperor in the year 1856, and another in 1860, had already negatived the plaintiffs claim ; and it was ruled that that decision was binding. The court ordered that mention shouldhbe made of the present judgment in the margin of the deed of the 19th of July, 1860, containing the declaration of the accept ance, under benefit of inventory, by Jerome Bonaparte, one of the plaintiffs, of the succes sion of Prince Jerome. It further condemned the plaintiffs to pay the costs. M. Scribe, the veteran eminent dramatist, died at two o'clock on the afternoon of February 10 of an apoplectic stroke, with whicti he was seized while taking an airing in his carriage. The successful immersion and good working order of the new line of telegraph between Corfu and Otranto is announced. The Photographic News is responsible for the following :-" A certain small photograph, about the size of our visiting cards, of which strange tales are told, is now selling in large numbers all over Italy. It is the portrait of an Italian soldier, who having attempted the life of the king was cruelly executed. For some time previous to his downfall it is said that this photograph, like Banquo's ghost, haunted the tyrant. Mysteriously enough, and in defiance of all precautions, it is said to have met his eyes at all hours and in all places, until there seemed something super natural and ominous in its ever recurring pre sence. When he knelt before the virgin's shrine in his morning orisons, there about the neck of the image, hung this photograph. When he attended mass and opened his missal, there was the soldier's portrait. At dinner when he unfolded his napkin, out fell this identical photograph, and when it night he retired to rest, within the well-guarded sanctuary of his slumbers, there, laidl boldly ion tire very pillow of his couch, ie found this picture-this strange production of an irt which lie had banished from his crime and terror haunted dominions, A Garisaldino, whom we have just welcomed back from his :enerous and dangerous labours in behalf of in enslaved country showed us the portrait, Ind said it was thought in Italy that the cing's singular flight from an enemy quite rnable to compete with his well-organised and far more numerous forces was to some extent attributable to the state of bewilder ment and terror brought about by these un accountable incidents. A case of deliberate fraud, carried on for years with great pertinacity, has just been discovered in the Commercial Bank of London. Joln Durden, a ledger-keeper, has robbed the bank of nearly £70,000. He has been arrested, and, together with an alleged ac complice, James HIoleroft, a shoe dealer in Ilatton-garden, is now in custody. Durden was a ledger-clerk, and it was his duty to enter in his ledger the amount of deposits nade by customers. HIolcroft was a nominal customer of the bank, having a very paltry account in reality, but which had been swelled to an enormous amount by fictitious entries nade to his credit by Durden, who afterwards used IIolcroft's cheques upon this imaginary ccount to effect the embezzlements with vhich the prisoners are charged. This fraud was effected by Darden in the following man nero-?He received the amount of £156, for exarrplo, and entered it to the account of Messrs. Hamilton and Co.; he at the same time entered the same amount to HIolcroft's account. This was done with a large num ber of deposits from day to day, Holcroft's figures being omitted in the casting up, so that there did not appear any discrepancies in the sum total. That this plan should suc ceed, it was necessary that Durden should never be absent; and although it was ra rule tlhat the clerks should take a yearly holiday, Durden took none. Durden entered into building speculations, and, it is surmised, intended to refund; but intense anxiety and failure brought on paralysis, this compelled absence, and absence led to discovery. The excuse for I-Iolcroft is, that he believed Dur doen to be a man of the highest integrity, and allowed Iim to "operate" on his account; but thie Bow- street magistrate would not ad mit this as a defence. As soon as the bank directors discovered the fraud, they promptly transferred their business to the London ilnd Westminster Bank, and so avoided the perils of a " run." On the 28th January an dccident of an alarming character, resulting in the death of one pasenger and frightful injuries to others, occured on the London and South Western Railway between the Wimbledon and Malden stations. One of the evening trains firot Waterloo-bridge station had just passed Wimbledon when the tender and four carriages suddenly ran off the line and woent down the embankment, which is there about nine feet high. The carriages of course were a com plete wreck, tlre uipper parts being knocked off the wheels, and ono completely upset. Assistance having been procured the passengers, whoso shrieks and consternation were most harrowing, were attended to,, and upon one of the carriages being removed the body of a gentleman was discovered underneath. Many of the passongers were found to bo very seriously injured. [The gentleman who was killed by the above accident was Dr. Baly, physicinn extraordinary to the Queen. Dr. Baly was in the prime of life, only forty-eight years of age; lie had early attained a high posi tion, and won the love and esteem of his pro fessional brethren. When lie was killed ihe was travelling to Guildford to attend a con sultation. - An inquest on the case was opened .on January 31. Captain Mangles, chairman of the company, Mr. Dalrymple, on its behalf, and Mr. Bedford, coroner for Woestminster, on behalf of the relatives of Dr. Baly, were present. Mr. Bedford applied at once for an adjournment, lie wanted time; but after an altercation, Coroner Carter would not grant it, and Mr. Bedford was accused of coming.there to prejudice the jury. Dr. Baly's body was identified. Di'. .Chapman, of Tooting, described the injuries received by the decensed-fractuire of the.skull, fracture of tho cheek bostb'ad jaw; fracture of all the rib,,.c!hest crushed in, and.contusions all.over this' b'ody.,. . Death must ,have been instantaneoust. Mt I lohler described the fitldin? of the body0 under a carriage, lying :across tihe eix-fopE " between the two lines of r?'il. DI) Vyi,' Ii passzdiger in the same carriage with Dr. Baly, also gave evidence. There was a complaint that the secretary of the line had set on foot the idea that Dr. IBly had tried to jump out of the carriage, an idea refuted by Dr. Wyld, and apologised for by the company's solicitor. After taking Dr. Wyld's evidence, the inquiry was ad journed for eight days. It has since been twice resumed and is again adjourned.] At Norwich Castle, on January 26, James Bloomfield Rush-son of the murderer Rush, whose terrible deeds attracted such general interest twelve years since-was charged with breaking into the house of Mr. Cannell, of Cringleford, and stealing a quantity of children's dresses and miscellaneous articles of the collective value of £4. The case against the prisoner was a very simple one, the property, which was identified by M?r. Cannell and his wife, having been found in tihe house occupied by the prisoner, while a knife- blade, which was taken from his pocket when he was apprehended, corresponded with impressions observed on some drawers which had been tampered with, though not broken open. The prisoner, who, by the asdvice of his professional adviser, "reserved his defence," was committed for trial. The presiding magistrate, however, admitted him to bail-himself in £100, and two sureties of £L50 each. HtOLLAND.-"The King of the Nether lands and Prince Henry," said a letter from tihe Hague, of January 25, "have left the capital to personally inspect those portions of the kingdom now inundated. In the town of Hurgozenburch alone 7000 villagers from the surrounding districts have taken refuge. Benevolence has been most actively shown, not only in Holland but in foreign countries, and especially in the neighlbouring country of Belgium, whence thousands of gulden have been sent for the relief of the distressed. The danger is not yet past, but although a thaw has set in the water diminishes." The inun dations consequent upon the thaw caused a terrific amount of damage and suffering. "As the ice breaks up," says a recent letter from Amsterdam, "notwithstanding that the thaw is gradual and unaccompanied with heavy gales, the waters collect in the upper localities of the country, and overflowing tie dykes, lay villages and towns under water, causing great loss of property and human life. .The small German frontier town of Emmerich is six feet under water; Arnheim is impassable from the flood which permeates its streets. More than fifty villages are totally submerged, and thousands of families have been obliged to leave their homes to seek a houseless shelter in the higher districts. It is feared that this city may yet become the prey of the invading element. The con sternation is great, while the prospect of the danger increases with the arrival of every telegram and train. For some days a con siderable portion of the Dutch Rhenish Rail wayhas been under water, and the rails displaced, so that communication with Germany lhas become almost impossible. It would really seem as, if old Neptune had turned annexationist, and had commissioned his tributary streams to flow over the domain wrested from him by the industry of.man, and re-connect it with the ocean from which it was stolen. " NITIERLANDS INDoIA -The mail steamer brings us accounts of very great floods hav ing taken place in Java, producing calamities only inferior to those of which we have just received intelligence from Holland, and, in deed, in one sense greater, as there seems to have been more loss of life. In the residencies of Soerakarta, Djoijolkrta, Kadu, Bagelan and Banyumaas, floods have taken place which have inflicted immense damage. HIundreds of persons have lost their lives and many thousands have been ruined. Earth slips have also taken place in many places, which have destroyed whole tracts of coun try. Several villages have been completely submerged, and the roads have been every where rendered impassable. The telegraphic communication had been interrupted, so that full particulars of this calamity had not been received, but it is known that the destruction of houses, crops, stores of all kinds, roads, &c.;, has been such that many millions will not compensate for it. The government has despatched Mr. van der Wyck, a member of the Supreme Council, to the scene of disaster, and placed 800,0001. at his disposal The commercial community of Batavia had already subscribed 50,000f:, and subscriptions are to be collected all over Netherlands India. IMr. Smith O'Brien recently published in the shape of a pamphlet, a long correspond once which has passed between him and Mr. John Martin, " relative to a French invasion of Ireland." MIr. Martin had written a sort of manifesto to "the people" in favour of French intervention, as their only hope of " deliverance from England." Mir. O'Brien disputes that doctrine by historical parallels, insisting that until Irishmen are able to "achieve their independence" by "them selves alone," they need not look for "free dom." Among other things, Mr. O'Brien is concerned to show that Mac lahon, who is proposed as the commander of the French army, has no title to be adopted by the nationalists as their leader and future monarch. Besides being a servant of the Emperor Napoleon (of whom, by the'way, Mr. O'Brien writes very bitterly, using the term " usurper " freely), MIac Mahon is not of the gonuine stock. On the whole, Mr. O'Brien comes to the conclusion that the French invasion scheme would not do. The Spaniards and French have, as he has learnt, tried the same thing before, and with mani fest ill-success; it is not to be hoped for, as a certainty, that the Frenchfleet will be able to destroy the English fleet; if Marshal Ilac Mahon should get over to Ireland, it will not be so pleasant in practice as in theory to have a French army-" the more numerous the better "-living at free quarters in the country. Moreover,' Mr. O'Brien does not quite like the appearance of the 300,000 volunteers whom, as he admits, such a con tingency as an invasion of Ireland would im mediately call into being; and the 150,000 English sailors rise to his imagination as very unpleasant enemies to have to deal with, both for himself and his allies. SA letter from FIankfort of the 19th of February says :-" The day before yesterday an English lady, who had resided at Homburg for some time, and had been a constant visitor to the gambling saloons, where by degerees she had lost almost all lier property, left the town and went to the village of Kirdof, about three -miles distant. She ascended the tower of the now church there, and, having first tied her legs tdgether, threw herself from the tower to the earth, a distance of about 100 feet. When picked up she was still living, but was conveyed to the hospital at HIomburg in an exceedingly deplorable condition." On Saturday Lord Rendlesham (Frederick William Brook Thellusson) attained his majority, which was gaily celebrated. On that day the curtain fell for ever on the splendid Thellusson case in the Court of Chancery; the romance of more than a hundred years culminated in the comple:e happiness of the hero, and concluded with all the festival and rejoicing which befit the last chapter of the thrilling story. - Suffolk Gazette. At the Crystal palace station, a few days ago an accident occurred, which caused the death of two persons. A woman was crossing the rails, as a train approached. One of the porters at the station sprang forward for the purpose of rescuing her; but he was a moment too late. Both he and the woman were killed on the spot. Eight men, the other day, were engaged in the dockyard at Sheerness, on an elevated platform, in turning a crane for lifting a boiler weighing twenty-eight tons. The platform broke. Two of the men were killed on the spot, one has since died, the remainder were more or less injured. Cause of the accident: the "bracket," on which fell the greatest strain, was faulty, and it broke. A jury found a verdict of "Accidental death," but they also found that the" traveller" was not strong enough, and there was not sufficient control over its working. " Mr. Cobden," says the Times, "is one of the very, very long series of men who, with immense powers and the most generous instincts, have shown that they cannot do everything, and that this is a world of com pensations. The drawback in his nature is that he cannot take care of himself. The Free-traders who so cheerfully collected £70,000 to set up their hero in affluence and dignity might as well have presented that sum to a susceptible young lady of twenty, to a poet, to a young gentleman deep in mediaeval architecture, or another 'impulsive' and helpless person. It is now an old story, but Mr. Cobden invested the better part of this money in American railways, chiefly, we believe, in the Illinois Central; and the result shows that he had much better have dropped every sovereign into the Atlantic. It would have cost much less, and saved much anxiety. The investment was one that entailed further sacrifices, and, of course, further losses. Two or three years ago a more select body of admirers gathered £40,000 to get Mr. Cobden out of the scrape; but even that, it is said, has proved insufficient, and now the hat once more goes round to collect a testi monial ostensibly on account of the French treaty, but really because the money is wanted. Since that is really the case every body who cares for the dignity of his nation and the merits of a great cause will wish to see the want supplied." [The article from which the above is extracted appeared a short time ago and gave rise to a good deal of com ment. The friends of Mr. Cobden were naturally indignant at the liberty taken by the leading journal of discussing a project to which they had themselves given no publicity. Not only this, but the particulars stated by the Times regarding the Illinois Central Railway shares were grossly exaggerated. The Times went the length of publishing the circular of the committee which proposed the raising of the testimonial. The upshot has been that Mr. Cobden declines the benevolent offer of his friends. In a letter addressed to Mr. R. Dalglish, M.P., from Algiers, where Mr. Cobden is still living, he says :-" The newspapers which have just reached me con tain a circular issued by a committee in Glasgow, bearing your signature, as a convener, inviting subscriptions to a testi monial fund in acknowledgment of my 'recent eminent servicos.' Whilst I appreciate most cordially the friendly motives which must have prompted the gentlemen whose names appear on the committee to take this step without my consent or knowledge, I must beg them to allow me very respectfully to decline their proffered kindness. I drew upon the Government for my expenses during the time I was in Paris, and have, thefefore, incurred no pecuniary sacrifice for which I am entitled to reimbursement. As for the services which I rendered in connection with the treaty, they were a labour of love, for which it would be painful to me to accept compensation in any form, or from any quarter." As almost everybody is interested in the subject of tea, the following outline of a paper " On the Use of Tea in the Healthy System," read a few evenings ago by Dr. Edward Smith at a meeting of the Society of Arts, will be found to possess general interest. Dr. Smith began by stating ? the opinions brought forward by Professor Johnstone and other chemists on this subject; views which were still very generally held. These might be Summed up thus: that by the use of tea -1. Tile waste of the body is lessened. 2. The body is nourished. 3. By lessening waste, we may lessen supply, and yet the bodily powers shall be duly sustained. He stated his reasons for differing from these statements, and explained the nature of the experiments which he had undertaken in order to ascertain the actual effect produced by ten. After discussing the subject at con siderable length, he gave the following as the summary of his own conclusions :-" If there be an abundance of food in the system, and that especially of the farinaceous or fat kinds, tea is a powerful digestive agent, and by pro motin' the transformation of food, it aids in nouristing the body; but with a deficiency of food in relation to the waste. of the tissues by exertion, or the waste of heat by cold or by too profuse evaporation from the skin, it wastes the tissues of the body, and lowers the vital powers." IHe therefore considered that it was not suitable as a partial substitute for food, as was generally supposed, for it increased the waste of the body. It was not suitable for persons of spare habits, or while using exertion, nor was it adapted for men in low temperatires, or where the action of the skin was defective. Mr. Spurgeon's now tabernacle is now very nearly finished. During the last month the friends of the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, as well as the reverend gentleman himself, have been usinlF every exertion to raise the sum required for completing the building. The efforts made have been singularly successful, and by the 2?th of March next the doors will be thrown open for divine worship, entirely free from debt and without enoumbrance of any kind. It is estimated that above a mil lion persons have contributed towards rearing this gigantic edifice. The sum spent will bave been £30,000. Already £28,000 has been raised, and the remaining £2000 there is every prospect of obtaining. The " last effort" is now being made. On the evening of February 4, a meeting was held in the tabernacle, at which there were about 4000 persons present, at which the Hon. A. Kin naird, M.P., presided. The honorable gentle nan said he was truly happy in testifying by his presence the heartfelt sympathy he had with Mr. Spurgeon in the completion of this great enterprise. Mr. Spurgeon said that when be first broached the idea of erecting a place'of worship on so gigantic a scale it was pronounced as absurd; it might be a great idea, but at the said time it was a great absurdity, said many, who were now alive to see its completion. Several gentlemen ad dressed the meeting, after which a collection was made, and the result of the last month's efforts showed that nearly £900 had been collected. Opening services by the different denominations, and a bazaar presided over by Mrs. Spurgeon, will occupy the next month. The city authorities have at last taken more decided measures to cheek the sale of putrid meat. No less than 60090 lbs. of meat unfit for food have been seized in the course of ones week by the market inspectors in the city - These were the carcases of sheep, oxen, and pigs. This is no novelty. It is a thing of veekly occurrence. The law seems to fail in dealing with it, and it is supposed that large quantities of diseased meat are sold. One dealer has been fined £10. He would not state who consigned the foul meat to him. A proceeding calculated to cool the ardour of young gentlemen who fall in love without leave took place a short time ago in the Court of Chancery at Dublin. Some short time ago, the public were entertained by an account of a romantic marriage, celebrated in Scotland, in which a young lady and a young gentleman from Ireland, a minor, were represented to bave fled from the fangs of a judicial monster in the latter country, who had strictly for hidden the young Romeo from becoming united to his Juliet. It was stated that they had availed themselves of the happy frieedom of the Scotch law, and after qualifying them selves by residence in that highly favoured land for a certain number of days, were publicly joined together in the bonds of wedlock. The report was accompanied with warm congratulations of the young couple for their defiance of the cruel Irish Chancellor, and with fine moral reflections upon the superiority of the short and easy Scotch method of getting married, instead of being obliged to follow the clumsy and dilitory forms which prevail in Ireland. It appears, however, that the felicity of the newly-wedded pair has been already sadly interrupted. An attachment was issued from the Court of Chancery, by which they were compelled to attend the other day in court, accompanied by certain friends. The judge, untouched by the recital of their tale of love, actually com mitted two of the abettors to the unromantic seclusion of the Four Courts Marshalsea, with -still more terrible penalty !-peremptory injunctions that the young bridegrooom, who was consigned to the custody of a stern "guardian of the person," should not be allowed to hold any communication with his bride. 