TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. Very Likely A young man who has recently taken a wife, says he did not find it half so hard to get married, as he did to get the furniture. Descriptive Patebïamilias.-A householder in a Western village, in filling up his census schedule under the column headed, " Where bom," described one of his children as born in the parlour, and the other " up stairs." A Good Reasoned farmer said to a barber that he ought to reduce his prices, now that corn is cheap. " No, Sir, for when corn is low farmers make such long faces that I have twice the ground to go over." Thee, O Kunai-What would the world be with out women ? A perfect blank, like a sheet of paper, not even ruled. Capital Reply "What is meant by bearing false witness?" was one of the questions at a late examination of the Windsor Infant Schools. A little girl replied, " It is when nobody does nothing, and somebody goes and tells of it." A Race at Anticipation "Now then, my hearties," said a gallant captain, "you've a tough battle before you. Fight like heroes till your powder's gone, then-run! I'm a little lame, and I think a start now. Fbighttul Alternative A farmer, who occasionally accommodated p. neighbor with a flitch of bacon at the killing season, being applied to as usual, replied, " I have yet made up my mind whether I shall kill myself this year or take a side of mv . father." Poetical and Appeopeiate.-"Pray, madam, why did you name your old hen Macdui ?" was asked of a sentimental lady who kept poultry. " Because sir," she replied, " I want her to lay on.' " Exceeding a People Limit. One day a fellow stole a saw, and on trial told the Judge he only took it in a joke. " How far did you carry it ?" asked the Judge. Two miles," answered the prisoner. That's carrying the joke too far," remarked the Judge and the prisoner was committed for further examination. A Lucid Explanation.-Examiner:-What is the difference between gravity and gravitation? Irish Schoolmaster who had just had the least taste in life of potheen) Sure, when I've drank six glasses of whiskey my gravity vanishes, and my grave a tation becomes evident. A Consolations dying planter, groaning to his favorite servant, said, "Ah, Sambo, I am going on a long journey." "Never mind, Massa, it am all the way down hill, said the negro consolingly. The What to Make People Happy captain in the navy, meeting a friend as he landed at Portsmouth, boasted that he had left his whole ship's company the happiest fellows in the world. " How so?" asked his friend. "Why, I have just flogged seventeen, and they are happy it is over and all the rest are happy that they have escaped." How He Could Do It.-" Didn't you tell me sir, you could hold the plough ? said a farmer to a green Irishman whom he had taken on trial. "Arrah!" be army now," said Pat, " how the deuce can I hold it, and two horses drawing it away from me ! but give it to me in the barn, and be jabers I'll hold it with anybody." Tit for Yatala midshipman asked a priest to tell him the difference between a priest and a jackass. The priest gave it up. " One wears a cross on his back, and the other on his breast," said the midship- man. " Now," said the priest, " tell me the difference between a midshipman and a jackass." The midshipman gave it up, and asked what it was. The priest said he did not know of any. Quiddities.-" My love," said Boyle to his wife " why is a Laplander like an umbrella-maker ? D'ye give it up ? 'Cause he derives his support from the reindeer. "Try another?" said our chief, as he threw himself on the sofa. " Why is your tired husband like an umbrella ?" " Because he protects me from the elements, my love." " Not a bit of it, darling ; but because he is used- up." Cunning and Wits well-known city officer in Auld Reekie was celebrated for his cunning assistant. His mother having died in Edinburgh, he,- hired a hearse and carried her to the family burying-place in the Highlands. He returned, it is said, with the hearse full of smuggled whiskey, and being pleased about it by a friend, he said-When, man, there's no harm done. I only took away the body and brought back the speed." A Will The will of the Earl of Pembroke, who lived in the days of the Commonwealth, after a good many profane jests, proceeds thus-" Item-I give all my deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know will preserve them, because he denied the King a buck out of one of his own parks. Item-I give nothing to Lord Say; which legacy I give him, because I know he will bestow it on the poor. been To Tom May I give 5s. ; I intended him more, but whoever has seen his History of the Parliament ' thinks 5s. too much. Item-I give Lieutenant- General Crom- well one word of mine, because hitherto he never kept his own. Item-I give up the ghost." Wills and war-making, Ancient and Modern, in the Quarterly Review. A Taut Reply When Lord Ellenborough was Lord Chief Justice, a labourer was once brought into court as a witness. When he came up to be sworn, his lordship said to him "Really, witness, when you have to appear before the Court, it is your bounden duty to be more clean and decent in your appearance." " "Upon my life," said the witness, " if your lordship comes to that, I'm thinking I'm every bit as well dressed as your lordship." "What do you mean, sir ?" asked his lordship, angrily. " Why," said the labourer, " you come here in your working clothes, and I come in mine." ZüMMEnzETZHiBE.-A laborer summoned his mistress for 12s., a week's wages. Tire mistress refused to pay him because he had been the cause of her loving a valuable boss." Laborer : But, missus, yon knows I've saved you a week. Mistress r Served, indeed ! how com- ee to drown my boat Laborer The loss drownded hissall. Mistress ; No, that a sudden, a know'd better; he was a prn denter less than you be a man ; he was a valuable horse. I widden a took five pound for 'en, and what's your twelve shilling to that I've got a witness, your banner (to the magistrate), who read the whole doings of. Magistrate : Well, we'll hear him. Witness : If you please, yer homier, I be this woman's clothes many thicker chap was out why the loss and a heavy cart, and was backing the horses and cart towards the hat. I zed to 'en, " Bil!," zed 1, that ere earth pull the loss backwards into the leaf, and they'll both be drownded." Bill was on wi' his since, whereby he-my us, whereof 1 has but one, Never mind. "Bill," says I, "you'll drown the 1933 and cart." Says Bill to me, " Mind your own business is whereof he backed the hoss again, whereby the cart got his verse, and back he went into the lead, and placed in the loss after en. The loss was all tabled, and could do more for hissed. "Now," says.!, cliBill, you've donned it.' Says Bill to meet Jim, helped out." "Bill," says I, all the millers upon the least can't helped out ; theynjftybe in five feet water an' they'll both be dreaded and so they was, and I believe Bill didn't use that ere long an' cart with' proper economy. Laborer: Well, Jim, you knows I consider help it. Witness : I say you could help it, but you sudden. Mistress : " There, your Honner, show I pay a man twelve shillings for crowding my hoss and cart? The loss is gone for everlasting, and the cart and a goal too, but I p9,\^ three and fivepence for getting beauty (To the laborer) You are to be ashamed, you did. IVTjigiawatet What are the laborer's "means? ( jViiatress ; Means ? Oh ! he have a wife and other small children. Magistrate (to the laborer) : I shall not assist you to recover your wages in this case. I Case dismissed. p- g 