, À. 'PEOVIBENTIAL APPARITION. : ! Tlio following (vouched for)' appears in tho London Seoiem i-In tho year 1828 a Mr Bobert Bruce was chief mato of a burquo trading from liverpool to New Bruns- .'. . wick.'- When near tho banks of Newfoundland thé <:¿p- . tam and mato were one duy calculating tbeir progress the mato in tho state room, and the captain in the cabial . ' near'it. : Being absorbed in his work, Bruce had not perceived that the captain had gono on deck, and 'with out looking round ho called out, "I make our longitude", so-and;so^ can tliat bo right ? how is yours, sir?"., Ke- - coiving no reply, he repeated tho question, glancing over « .' Ids shouldcrj and perceiving, as he thought, 'the captain busy writing on' his slate; Still receiving no answer, he" '?' '?? '.' rose,' and i fronted tho- cabin door, when tho figure he had; ' mistaken for , tho captain looked up, and disclosed tho featuresof. an entire stranger. .'Bruce, terrified at.tho '-.. ? gravé and Bilcnt gaze, rushed upon deck, and tho cap tam,- ' of course, begged to know what was tho matter. .''The- ' " ' matter, air, who is that at your-desk ?" ' " No' one,: ? that ' ' '' I know of." "But there is, "sir ; . them's - a stranger"' there." "A stranger ! why, man, you must bo .dream-v. ing. You must Lavo soon tho stqward there: or. tho , second' mate.-' "Who olió would venture' down without .; orders ?" But, sir, he was sitting in' your arm-chair '. ' fronting the door, writing bn your slate. ? Then hé looked '' -" ?up full iu my face, and it over I saw a man plainly - and ' distinctly in.this world, I saWihim." ; "Him-whom?" "God knows, sir; I don't I. saw a man-and a man ;. I had never seen in' my -lifo before." " You must be.. . growing crazy, Mr Bruce.' A'sirniiger? and we nearly \ six weeks out P"- "I know,"sir';'but then T saw: him." / " Go down, and see who it' is." -V: Bruce hesitated. " " I never was a believer in : ghosts," . he said,-*'! but -if the j truth must be told, sir, I'd much rather not face it alone. . I'd rather wo should both go down together."; They. .".'.. went-thc captain foremost-but no ono ivas tb bb found." Taking up tho'slato, tho captain saw tho' words plainly written ort"; it,' " Steer to the nor'-west. : Bruce averroï -' it was not his . writing, - and tho captain mode him pitt '. down thu'samo words to compare them.. The same^ho.;, . t did with tho steward, tho sicond mate, and ovçry man.of5 the crew that could write at all, but none of tho.hands' ' corresponded.' When every nook and corner bf the vés-' '".' sol had been searched, from "stem'to stern, with all tho '.S»?; . eagcrncssiof excited curiosity, but no.'Btran^r could be"-, foundj.thj) captain seriously consulted whether thowarn- . ^.. . ing ought not tb bo obey cd . arid finally ho 'directed-, the < ' . .mato to cliangb'tho coin-so (o' north-weat "and . employ ln ? trusty-man to look:''^ About thrfco b'olbck an iceberg "«¡ns descried, and afterwards à dismantled ship entangled in it, with njany human beings onboard.! . On à nearer ap , proaoh she was found to bo a morowreck, her provisions exhausted, and her crow and passengers almost famished. Boats wero sent fer them ; and sis ono of. the men from the third boat'was ascending tho 'ship's side, tho "mata started: bock-in'consternation-for it was the face, tho person, tho dress of him he had seen at the captain's. desk three or four hours before... When.tho hurry was over, and tho barque waa on her course,, again¡ tho mato' callod 'tho captain aside. " " It séeras'ít î.wns not a ghost I saw: to-day, guv, "The man's .'alive. 'Ono bf the pas- sengers we have just saved is the same man I saw writing on your slate at noon. .1 would swear to it in à court of justice." ' Together.thoy sought out tho man: and tho "captain, inviting, him down, into tho cabin, begged ho would do,bim the favour to writo on his slnte. /'Sup poeo you write steer. Vb tho nor'-west ?' " Tho pns'sengorf . \- greatly .puzzled nfc. tho-request, complied iievcrthelésB.^ Tho captain stopped aside, nind givhig him tho elato" again, with the other, side up, ho said, "You say that is your handwriting?" '.."Inned not say so, for you saw' ' me write ¡it.'* "And this?" said tho captain, turning the slatef over. Tho' passenger was confounded : "I only wrote one of these." "Who wrote thu other?"-??' ''.That's more than I can tell you, sir." " My mato says ; you wrote'it here^sitting ut this desk-at noon to-day." . Sonic fiirtlior,conversation took place, in which tho cap-... tain, pf the wreck, being present, joined. Ile explained that tliig gontleinun had fallen into wlmt seemed a heavy sloop, Borne time bufore noon, and on awakening alter an : . j hour or more, had cxproasod his confident hopo of de- liverance, saying tiwi ho had dreamed of being on board a barque, thc appearance and rig of which ho described, I exactly ns it appeared when she hove in sight. The' passenger averred that ho had no recollection of dream- - ing that ho ivroto anything. Ho ¡jot tho impression, ho knew not how, that thc barque was coming to tho rescue. I "There is another thing very strange about it," added he, " everything on board here.seems quito familiar, yet I am very Mire I never wits in your vessel boforc." Whereupon Mr Bruce told him all tho circumstances of tho uppavition ho had seen, and they agreed in tho conclusion that it waa a special interposition of Provi- dence. . 