PONTIFICAL ANATHIIEMAS. lb the Ediloi' of th1 Lounceston IExaminoer. Sin,-With reference to the curse annotily ful minated at Itome-nccording to Mr. Fawns against "all Jews, 'T'ourks, and heretics," the Right Rev. Dr. Willson not only denisc thatsuch a "ceremony or service" is ever performed, but he speaks of it itn a way intended apparently to eoad to the conclusion that its performance would be utterly trrecoociteabke with the principles, and abhorent to the spirit, and it variance with the history of toman Catholicism. ite calls it til " awful ceremony," " a fearful curse," " if it really took ptaco"-a "vilo curse"-a "frightful curse." Now in this the excellent Itishop is wrong, as I shall prove by a quotation from the Protestant, taken from thtie it number of that well known work. I shall quote the whole passage to which I refer, literatimn et verbatim. "'ite P'otte," says thi Protestand, "tthus being acknowledged to have att power on earth, was not yet contiti. tie must have power in Heaven too; Ito professed to open otnd shut its gates at pleasure; and be impiously pretended to have the beavenly powers at tilscommand, though only for the purpose of gratifying his own avarice and re venge. The iope was the proprietor of some alum works; for the holy father, it seems, could condescend to be a chemist and a mantfacturer. One of the workmen mode his elopement, camte to Britain, and revealed the secrets of the trade. The Pope sent after him the' following curses, in theo form of ass excommunication, which my readers may contrast with the doctrines of Jesus Christ Bless and curse not: "By the authority of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and of the holy canons; and of the immaculate Virgin Pary, the mother and patroness of our Saviour; and of till the celes tial virtues, angels, archangels, thrones, do minions, powers, cherubims and sceraphitis; and of all the holy patriarchs and prophets; and of all the aposttcs and evangelists; and of the holy innocents, who, in the eight of the holy Laib are found worthy to osing the new song; of the holy martyrs and holy con feossors; and of the holy virgins; and of alt the anints, together with alt the holy etect of God, we excommunicase and ouathematiso this thief, or this malefactor, N - : and from the thresholds of the holy church of Almighty God, wie cquester him, that Ite may be tormented, disposed, and delivered over with Dathai and Ahiram, and with those who say onto the Lord God, ' Depart from us, for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways'; and as fire is quenched with water, so let his light be put out for ever, unless he shall repent and make satisfaction. Amen. " May God the Father, who created man, o eoo 'him.uMnay God the Son, who suffered for 00 ooettit t. .t. flit t vt~o tess gisei to us in baptism, curse hidm. Ry tI0 0 oy cross, which Christ for our salvation triumphantly ascented, curse him. May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, curse him. May St. Michaet, the advocate of holy souls, curse him. May St. John, tise chief forerunner and baptist of Christ, curse him. May St. Peter, St. Paul, and St. Andrew, and all the other Apostles of Christ, together with the rest of his disciples, and the four evangelists, curse him. May the holy and wonderful com pany of martyrs and confessors, whlo, by their holy works, are found pleasing to God, curoso him. May the holy choir of the holy virgins, who, for the tontor of Christ, have despised the things o this world, curse him. Play all the saints, who, frout the beginning of the world to everiasting ages, are found to be the beloved of God, -curse himt. Ploy the heaven and the earth, and all thilugs thereit remaining, curse him. Ptay he be cursed wherever lie tay be, whether in the house or in the field, in the highway or in the path, in the wood orin the water, or in the church. May he be cursed in living, in dying, in eating, in drinkiug, in 'being hungry, ins being thirsty, in fasting, in sleeping, it slumbering, in waking, In walking, in otaiudlg, in sitting, intlying, in work. lug, in - resting" - (" I mustt otit soate words," says the Protestant at this place, " for the Pope is far more gross than Luther, see No. II."), "and in blood-letting. May ihe Lu cursed in all the powers of his body. lay lie be cursed within and without. May he be cursed lin the hairi of his head. May ho he cursed in his brain= May lie be cursed in the crown of his tead, in his temples, In his forehead, in his cars, it his eyebrows, in hias cheeks, in his jawbones, in his ntostrils, in his fore teeth and grinders, in his lips, In his throat, in his shoulders, in his wrists, in his arms, in his hbands, in his breasts, and in all the interior parts of the very stomach, In his veins, it his groiu, in his thighs," - , " i his hips, in his knees iii his legs, in his feet, in his jointts, and lit his nails. May lie be cursed in the whole structure of his members. From the crown of his head to thto sole of his foot, may there be no soundness in him. May the Son of the living God, with all the glory of his majesty, curse him. And may Iteaven, and all ilto powers that move therein, rise ogainst him to damn him, unless ine repent and sake full satisfaction. Amen. Amen. Amen,"-Ledger Book of the Church of Rochester, anid Sir Ilenry Spelmansi Glossary p. 200. Quoted aby both Bruce and .1'Culloch. Thus ftr front the Protestant. What does Dr. Willson think of it? Here is a sample of cursing -from ith lips or the pun of a Pope; surely heartier, bitterer, more comprehensive, more ditbolleal, than was ever uttered out of Paude. monium. Yet the right rev. gentleman would insinuate that the for milder curse described by Mr. Pawns is too "awful," too "fearful, too "vile," too "frightful," ever to have been felmi noted by the Church of Rome. Your readers will judge for themselves. For my part I on hesitatingly attach credence to the Barrister rather thpn to the Bishop. But after all-as respects the real question at issue-what dowo gather from Dr. lVillsoo's let ter? Why, in the first place, we find that after llfr. Fastrs has left the- colony, Dr. Willson comes bravely forward with a personal attack upon him-conduct disgraceful in any. man, whether he te Protestant or Catitolic, Clergyman or Layman, Bishop or Presbyter. In the next place, wy learn that Dr. Willson conceives himself to have beert cognisait of a state of things in Rome in 1854, which- PIr. Faints declareo did stot colat swhen lie visited> tlist city some years later. Therefore, says the'Right Reverend, Mr. tawns' statements, where opposed to mime, must of necessity be untrue.::A -styleBef reasoning this much skin to that of-the alptit when told there was sno credible witsiess prepared to awear he saw him commit the offence. "Only one," he exclaimed, " why, I can produce twenty who will swenr they did not see me." And lastly, Air. iawns, we are Informed, in the statements loe mide, has been " thn dupe of amte impudent knave, or has copled the story from some vile puilication, intended to catch the unwary.! In saying this the Bishop very innocently odmits that a himself has been induced to make his own counter-Statements from ra desire "to heal the wounded feelings of his flock." The mnincaig of it all is, that AIr. Fawns-i Christian gentlemnt -professing to detail what he iimself saw and was cognisant of-without interest in the matter either personal or relative-hnas, noevertheless, niys the Ilisop, "told gross and wilful falsehoods for the mere purpose of hurting the feelings of iiy flock," Whilst as regards the Itisliop himnself, who nckinowledges that he has a strong desIre to heal the feelings of his lclik, whmo the strongest perhaps of ill motives Is urging to Io so, if by any means lie can-his statements, in opposition to those of Mr. Fawns, are to be accounted true no holy writ; tar. Willson tis put himself in a falso position; he has nilowed hlia zeal to outrun discretion. lie has forgotten that tie is not in Rome, aid that loite itself is no longer under the Govermentiof ttie Priests. As members of a free community, we are aecustomed hern to weigh and silt evi dence, and, where it is conflicting, to be guided in our decision by the strongest probabilities. Un less thi Bishop can bring forward additional and more impartial testimony, the verdict miust go against him, I am, Sir, &c.;, JNo. IifAecnnRSE. 