LAST MEET OF THE UELBOVKSE HUNT CLUB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I venture to furnish you with an account of our last public run of the season, on Saturday. Unfortunately, the meet was not announced in the accustomed channel, and many who would gladly have availed them- selves of the chance of a wind-up gallop were therefore left to murmur in vain at the lost op- portunity. However, at the trysting time of two o'clock over a score of horsemen assembled at the kennels, about one-half of them being "re- gulars," on their favourite nags, and the rest of the field composed of less accustomed cavaliers. The element of "pink" was re- markably scarce, as there is a very ill-grounded prejudice amongst some of our fellows against afternoon runs, as being unsportsmanlike ; nor do the aforesaid hesitate to contemn a bagman or a drag as mere playing at hunting. With all due deference to their prejudices, I would ask the discontented ones if they have never heard the many authenticated anecdotes of unrivalled chevies in the midland counties that eventually proved to have beoen after a " soldier," with a three-legged bagged fox at the finish ? Or of the crack packs kept at Cambridge, Oxford, and else- where, for no other purpose than drag-hunting? Moreover, in a district like this of Melbourne, where game is so distant, and time so valuable, it is no use gainsaying the fact that any pack, to be well supported, must frequently adopt the most facile means of affording a convenient and cer- tain run. At any rate, had those who object to the principle but had the practice we had on Saturday afternoon, after a genuine varmint dingo, they would "hereafter hold their peace." Punctual to time, the master looked at his watch at sharp two, then asked those who were present if they knew of any friends sure of coming ; and after giving five minutes' law for stragglers, sounded his horn, and trotted away, with his favourites at old Blackboy's heels. Almost as soon as the Dandenong- road was crossed, and before we had barely time to tighten girths or pitch away the stumps of our cigars, the hounds dashed forward in merry chorus, and we knew at once that our quarry was off, and that we must ride sharp and bold if we would be there or thereabouts. For a couple of miles, though the pace was severe, the going was all on turf, and every body that could "get up steam" was able to keep close. We then came to Gardiner's Creek, at a bad crossing, and the black mud rather discouraged a few from dashing through, as the first flight men had done, However, the pack threw up for a few seconds, which enabled the cautious to pick their way, and by the time a fresh burst of music gladdened our ears and hearts the field were all together again. After a short circle, the line led up a stiffish hill, and in a brace of shakes we were amongst tho paddocks between Gardiner and Oakleigh. With capital pluck, and in good style, nearly every man charged the fast-succeeding fences, an oc caisional smash of a top rail allowing the rear division to keep within coo-ey of the front rank. After getting over some twenty enclosures of various- acreage, we ' found our- selves in a small field of partly greenstuff and partly cabbages, and the boggy nature of the soil (a la Campbellfield steeplechase) brought nearly every body to a walk. Luckily, tho dingo was here tallyho'd by the master, running a ring toward! us, and we breathed our nags whilst he cheered on the hounds over three fences that we left alone. It now looked as if our quarry was failing; and in wild enthusiasm the best mounted sportsmen, dashed down hill, through mad and mire, jumped three-railer that the horses could hardly have risen at in cold blood, and found themselves on sound ground again, after a few strides up hill. Here, however, a more dangerous impediment than mere timber caused some to make a sudden halt, inasmuch as an irate cockatoo settler," with pitchfork in rest, in true Don. Quixotte style, threatened to make double daylight through the riders of Old Jack, General, and the Don, if they attempted to follow the route that a select few had already taken. A civil offer to "cash down" by the holder of the cap-money not having been taken, and time being precious, the irate husbandman, was left to brandish his prongs, without our " forking out" for his threats, and we pursued the uneven tenour of our way. By-the-bye, in jumping out of this paddock Old Jack did a very singular thing. He came so close under his fence that he smashed the two bottom rails, and et got safely over the top one without dislodging it. In less than a mile from this spot, and without any more leaping, the hounds ran into the warrigal, and speedily broke him up. The orush was given, and deservedly so, to the rider of Scissors, who is riding very game for one who must find it far stiffer work than he can have been used to in New Zealand. Old Fivey was up at the very tail of the pack ; and Young Emerald, well steered by a very recent subscriber, was for- ward from first to last. The master, on Black boy was ready, as always, for the "whoo-op ;" and White Squall, General, Old Jack, and the Don, were in time to see the "blooding". Rejoicing in so good a wind-up, and already longing for the opening day of next season. Yours. &c.; NIMROD'S GHOST. 