WEDNESDAY, MAY 8, 186L ? In tho Legislative Council, yesterday, In answer to Mr. Bolto, Mr. FRASER stated that tbo Government had not placed in his hands an answer to tho ques- tion whether a Heal Property Bill was to ho in- troduced this sobBion. Mr. J. HENTY moved for certain returns (which were ordered) as to tho quantity of tobacco admitted duty free in I860, and called attention to that souroo of rovenue for purposes of taxa- tion. On tho order of tho day for tho second reading of tho Administration'of Law (Justices) Bill, Mr, BENNETT moved that the House do now adjourn. Mr. FAWKNER seconded the motion. Mr. HULL called attention to tho Children's Crimo Prevention Bill, whioh was introduced by a private member-Mr. Follows-which would Buffer by this delay. Mr. FELLOWS stated that tho bill referred to only waited a form to ho Bent down to tho Iigwcr i * ' *-, *~* ^- ] 1 í J . I ----». iHouso.v He objcoted to theaoioentinued adjooro ments, and to the motion as* far co. - *-* Mr. ROLFE thought that" Mr. Bennett ahouíd endeavour to form a Ministry himself. ( After some disoussion, tbe motion was agreed'* to, and tho Houso adjourned. i In tho Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. BROOKE placed on the table a number of proclamations ot town and other commons. Tho SPEAKER Btated that ho had received a letter from Mr. Ebden, resigning his sent for Brighton. Mr. M'EEIXAN gave notico of a series of ques- tions as to the appointment of Mr. Alltyna as revising barrister fpr the six mining boards. In answer to Mr. Carpenter, Mr. HEALES stated that a statement made by Dr. Macadam, with reference to the gold oxport duty, as reported in the Mount Alexander Mail, was unauthorised by tho Ministry. It Asps tho intention of tho Government to support'n reduction of Is. in tho amount of tho duty. Mr. DOTTY brought under the notice of tho House tho action of the Commissioner of Trado and Customs in tit expenditure of tho recent vote for the purposes of immigration. He re^ minded the Houso that the subject had been discussed, and that a resolution had been arrived at, that tho voto for female immigration at tho entire expense of tho stato Bhould ho expended on a basis of population, whilothat for " assisted" immigration should be on tho broad ground, that the persons assisted should be Bittish subjects. iJCho Government had violated tho resolution of tho Houso, TI hile the House itself was sitting. Ho denied, further, tho correctness of tbe policy which would base tho settlement of a new colony on so many pounds for Englishmen, and so many shillings for Irish, Scotch, and Welsh. Mr. LOADER denied that tho résolution adopted by the Houso was of the obaraoter de- scribed. It had not, thoreforo, boen violated by tho Ministry. Tho instructions limiting the applications from the Irish section of tho com- munity woro suspended, but only for the presont. Up to the previous evening tho following pas sago-warrants had been issued :-English, 392 ; Scotch, 143; Irish, 1,002 ; and Welsh, 39. The money absorbed was ns follows: - English, £4,312; ItiBh, ¡£11,022 ; Scotch, £1,573 j and Welsh, £429 ; while tho English wore entitled te £22,GGG ; the Scotch to £3,400 ; tho Welsh te £1,132; and tho Irish to £0,800. It would be scon, theroforo, that the Irish had obtained n sum largely in OXCCSB of their share of the grant ; nnd had he not interfered ho should have been justly open to rebuke from thoso sections ol tho British community n portion of whoso share; had been obtained by tho Irish population. Hi proposed to hold baok tho numerous Irish np plications already received - C07 - for throi months, to give tho other seotions of tho com munity timo.to sond in their applications. Mr. CARPENTER gave notico that on Thursda; ho would move that tho House approved of thi oourso of tho Government with reforenco to thi vote for immigration. On the resolutions adopted in Committco o Su pply being roported, _ Mr. JONES moved that tho item for polio magistrates be recommitted for increase, thn Mr. naekott's snlary shjould bo increased b' £100. Mr. VERDON]WOS" unablo^to rosist tho motion as tho effect of the voto in committco had ne beon clearly ¡understood by many hon. mombore Mr. O'SHANASSY would support the molio: if an opportunity would be given in oommitto to redistribute the £100. by which'tho item ha been inorensod. The motion was agreed to. On tho question that tho nouso go into Core mittco of Supply, Mr. GRAY called attention to the manner i which the vote for immigration had been applioc in violation, as ho held, of tho resolution adopte by the House. Tho real question was botwoe tho Government and the House. It was th right of the Houso to appropriate tho suppliei and it was tho duty of tho Government to carr out that appropriation. The introduction of th nationality basis was an evasion of tho intontio of the Hou»o by tho Government. Ho ncquilte tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs of aotin upon any porsonnl feeling in the mnttor, bt thought ho bad made a mistake which he ougl (to confess and amend. If ho did not take thi oourso, what might bo considered n nationi policy might become a national danger. H brought tho question up, however, not on behn of his 'countrymen, but as a constitutional que tion, while the Minister who dealt with tbo que tion had unreasonably distrusted tho liber; feeling of tho colony in this matter. Tho Houso then went into Committco of Su] ply, whon Mr. JONES moved that tho item ft police magistrates bo increased by £100 for M Hackett. Tho motion was negatived, as was also n subs quent motion to increase tho sum by £50 for ti Bnmo purposo. Mr. VERDON stated that as tho wish of ti oommitteo seemed to bo to dhido tho increase < £100 formerly agreed to between Mr, Sturt or Mr. Hackett, that would bo dono, The following votes were thon made :-£50,0( for salaries and wages. Tbo Treasurer's dopar mont-office, £8,705 ; receivers and paymaster £11,000 ; gold receivers, £3,010 ; Govcrnmei printer, £27,000 ; poundkeepers' salaries, £2ß( and for the gcnoral staff of tho volunteer fore £2,123. On the vote for the Government printor, Mr. MICHIE hoped that somo saving might 1 effected by reducing the amount of printing don especially as regarded the evidonco taken boto committees. An examplo might be found in ti Mother Hubbardish evidence taken before t' Chief Secretary's committco, last year, on drin ing, which contained nothing new. Dr. EVANS, to stop tho printing of trash, ui less for any other than culinary purposi would movo that the voto bo reduced by £5,0( Mr. DUFFY said that if such a reduction coi bo made-as, ho believed, might bo dono should bo dono systematically, by resisting t appointment of committees, and by n stric supervision by tho printing committee. Itv also tobo horno in mind, that there woro Custo bills and others to print, which jt was neoesst to keep secret for a timo, and that print! tenders woro the great souroo of corruption in I United States. Mr. MICHIE stated that the printing oxpen were £800 a-woek for the business of Parliami -a monstrous sum. Tho interest of the moi spent in tho building was to bo added. Mr. BROOKE said the sum named inclut Government forms of all kinds, books, ko. Mr. BRODIE supported tho motion for i reduction of the Estimate. Mr. VERDON hoped the motion would not assented to, ns, practically, tho'roduction wo; fall entirely on tho latter half of the year, t therefore would bo at tho rate of £10,000 yoar. The amendment was then nogatived by li IG. Dr. EVANS then moved that ¡[the voto bo duced by £2,500. Mr. ANDERSON suggested to the Governm the propriety of accepting tho amendment. Mr. VERDON accepted the amendment. On tho voto for tho Volunteer Force, Mr. HOOD remarked that a force of 4,000 n would this year cost £30,000, and ho thought timo was como whon tho Government should termino whether tho force [waa to be turned u mat ely into n militia force. Mr. VERDON agreed that thô time hod cc when tho Houso should determino what should done to placo tho force on a permanent footi His opinion was, that a militia law would not ro quired so long as tho volunteers continued do their duties as they had hitherto done, would, at a futuro day, place resolutions on subject before tho House. Tho other colonies were now being invitpd to join, this "colony in tho" support of tho head-quarters'staff. The Imperial . foroo in tho colony might bo very largoly reduced from---what it-had hithorto been. The colonial allowance should ceaso the momont tho troops or tho.naval forc9 loft Port Philip Bay. Tho cost to tho colony of the Imperial forces, excluding the staff, was £-17 7s. Gd. per head ; and of tho volunteers, £G 14B. per head. Progress was then reported. Mr. AMSINCK moved for certain roturas re- specting the importation of coined gold from Sydney, and of imports from tho Mauritius, Calcutta, Hong Kong, &o.; Tho motion was negatived. Tho romaining business was postponed, and tho House adjourned. It needs no very close attention to apolitical matters to seo that, year by year, tlio taBk for tho Treasurer is becoming a moro diffioult one. With states as with each household, tho great problem is, how to make both ends meet. Tho items aro something grander, but tho principio is just the same. To eaoh applies that golden maxim, as stated, but unfortunately no1 practised, by Mr. WILKINS MICAWBER, } As. our expenditure falls short of or ex- ceeds our income, so is our Ufo happy or miserable. Closer and closer every yeal have wo been treading on our inoomo This year it appeared inevitable that wc should pass it; and it is yet by nt means certain hut wo will pass it. Oui revenuo is certainly not to blame foi this. Whether thcro is depression oi not, whether the tenants aro hard pul to, to makeup tho rent, our incomo goei on increasing. Hitherto, every tax ha¡ brought in its revenue, and wo have no one singlo bad debt to complain of. I we cannot now livo within our income what will becomo of us when some on or moro sources of revenuo have desortci us ? Shall we raise our rents, o set "about reducing our expenditure ii earnest? This is tho question whiol now prosses upon us, and tho sooner w answer it tho bettor. Shall wo striv to content ourselves with the simplest most easily-collected, least offensive re venue in the world j or shall we, by oor tinuing a lavish expenditure, iqsist oi a moro complex system ? . It is certain that very little is to b dono by pinching ourselves hero an pinching ourselves thcro, by takin something off tho Civil Sprvioo,and some i thing off the police, and the munie palities, and the roads and bridges. A these wo can' certainly overhaul, and se what can bo done with them ; but when M have dono what can bo dono, wo kno that "sources of revenuo are threatcne which would swallow up much moi than all our parings in this direotio will oomo to. This is the rctrenchmci -polioy-a showy ono, and plausible; bl it is quite evident that it won't get i out of our difficulties. It may get i over the present year ; but sooner < later, wo must go deeper into the matte We maybe pinching, and'stÎDgy, ai cheese-paring for this year ; but wo mu do something moro for the future ; an ' besides, wo know that it is a d&ngerou; insidious polioy. We know that choc. paring is not always puro gain. Soon or later wo must summon up courag and 'ask ourselves why wc pay this that account at all. Probably Mr. HEALES has begun ? seo this. We havo been for, some tin promised a Government bill, whioMs enter boldly and openly into the matt* and wo await its introduction into t House with considerable curiosity. is to take the wind out of Mr. NE TON'S sails altogether, and to open i the whole question of deccntralizatk On the respective merits of the Govoi ment bill and Mr. NEWTON'S Distr Councils Bill, wo find Mr. HEAL stating :-" The Government mcasi " would, however, differ on one very i " portant point. Tho hon. merni " stated that he hoped next year t " Government would bo ablo to place " the Estimates a larger sum than he " toforo for tho purposes of these lo " bodies. Tho difference was, that t " Government expected that, undei " proper system of decentralization, " would not bo necessary to grant a " subsidies whatever to those loi " boards." Why, this is tho vc bill for (fur money. Mr. NEWTOI pot has not got a ghost of a ohai against suoh an offer as this. Never i Mr. NEWTON indulge "in a more uns sonable hope. Wo placo on tho Ei mates larger sums thau heretofoi Will Mr. NEWTON tell us whero wo to get them ? Local self-government the oountry districts is, of course, v desirable. We might have closed w Mr. NEWTON, to have it done as ohea as ho possibly could for us ; but ti comes this tender of Mr. HEALES, \ offers us apromiumfor doing it. Wei tainly must hear moro about it before can oloso with Mr. NEWTON. If : HEAT-ES'S bill accomplishes all that ho ] mises us, it seoms to bo the very th both for us and the districts :-" It wai " faot, tho desire of the Govornm " that these votes should be swept a' " from tho Estimates altogether, " that the people of tho looality she " create their own funds, havo gcn< " power to make roads and bridges, t " where the population was donsc " partial control over tho'polico." 1 is something botter [than ohcese-pari I and if tho bill accomplishes this T ' justice to all parties, both wo and country distriots will havo preoi what each requires-wo an expo ture within our income, and tho cou distriots the control of their own fur It is, indeed, high time to set a' this work in real earnest. All o means of keeping our expendí within our present revenuo havo sh themselves to bo unavailing. _ It w bo a great causo of regret if wo ' forced to additional taxation. Wc c expect a considerable inoroasc of rev only by taxing the ordinary nooess! of life- ordinary/because every one them. Suoh a system of taxatio cpnnêoted in our minds with the I countriou, Wo oamo to a now lan escapo from it. Hero wo havo long and expensive wars to atone f no gigantio, incurable national i with insatiable maw, demanding I fed. Nevertheless, unless wo sweep thoBe largo items from tho mates, it is perfectly cortain thai must hayo recourse to additional i J_ti.9Ja._Nor is this the only evil of tho present system.^ 'As ¡^assistance is at present granted to these'districts, it is received with disoontent; and it is some times out of our power ^apportion it with justice. Discontent 'is not only general, but it is reasonable. There is a soramble, and a skilful tactician may always mako arrangements for get- ting more than a fair share for his dis trict. Our legitimate expenditure may bo brought within reasonable bounds . but it is these excrescences, whioh have grown up from time to timo, whioh compose the great bulk of our unneces- sary expenditure. As long as they aro suffered to remain on the Estimates, wo can never bo certain that wo shall bo able to make both ends meet. Wo may pinoh and pare until wo have oripplcd all the state maohincry; but thero's where the money goes. It is' the Irish- man's blanket. We may take from the top and add to the bottom; wo may take from tho bottom and add to the top; but it gots no longer. Equally our hoad or our feet are frozen with the cold. Both parties aro now disposed to a settlement of this quostion. We havo only to approach it in a spirit of fair- play. With the pre- sent system the country distuots are dissatisfied, and so aro wo. The coun- try distriots wish to manage their own funds, and wo wish to let thora. , Wo havo only to agree upon tho terms, and these we sholl bo prepared to discuss when Mr. HEALES introduces his bill. ' Pew circumstances arc better cal- culated to reconcile men to medioority in tho various departments of intellec- tual effort, and to degrado and vitiate tho publio taste, than the absenco of all opportunities of appealing to a high standard, and of oorreoting the popular theory of what is just, true, and beauti- ful, whether in morals or in art, by a rcferonco to unexceptionable models and supreme authorities. If, in this colony, wo were out ofF from all access to litera- ture othor than that whioh wo mi^ht bo capable of producing ourselves, tho presumption is that, in course oi time, the language spokon by its inha- bitants would become debased, oui sources of thought impoverished, and tho mental activity of tho outiro popu- lation impaired. Fortunately, no suoh privation is possible, and the literature of all ages and of all countries is just as acoessiblo to tho humblest colonist whe can read as to the citizens of Lon- don or Paris. But the treasures of art aro not so portablo as other pro auctions of tho human mind ; and, as a general rulo, the man who emigrate from Europo and settles in a new coun- try, cuts himself off from the cDjoymeni and advantago of that valuable portioi of his eduoation which is acquired b; the constant observation of the master pieces of plastio and pictorial art, a well as by a daily familiarity with th greatest achievements of architecture By long estrangement from these, au by losiDg tho habit of disciiminatin¡ and comparing works of art, suoh prit ciples of tasto as ho may have original.; aoquired aro gradually weakened an effaced and the result ia an acquiesoeno in everything that is false and vioiou in civic and domestio architecture, i furniture and decoration, and a wide di fiarturo from those standards of excel once to whioh ho would probably hav conformed in tho old oountry in forme years. And hence the architeotura monstrosities and eccentricities whio disfiguro tho principal cities of the Auf tralian colonies (St. Janies'. Oathedn and tho Model Schools, to wit), ti vilely executed pictures which arc to I mot with in the houses of some opulcn colonists, and the combination of inhai I monious colours which oftends theeyoil tho drapery and furniture of so man apartments, and in the costume of not few persons. In taste, as in polition soienco and philosophy, errors propagat themselves with remarkable rapidit] and an abuse of its principles has onl to receive the oountenance of some infli ential person to bo accepted as an e: ampio and a law. Wo aro disposed, therefore, to attoo a very high value to the woiks of ai which tho liberality of the Logislatui has enabled the trustees of th Publio Library to import, and i recognize in them educational agei oies of great importance, inoludiii| as they do, casts from the antique; ph tographio oopies of the cartoons, ai other equally celebrated pictures ; choico collection of architectural drav ings and models, and fur-Jmiks of ti finest relieoi, in bronze and marble, ev executed by the genius of man. It to be regretted that the space availal for their reception is so limited, and th tho Panathenaio piocesàion is exl bited undor such unfavourable oifoui stances, as regards both tho distrib tion of tho parts and the light upc the whole. Of tho many millions whii succcssivo Administrations have di burscd in publio works in this colon no portion has been moie beuefioial employed than that which was expendí in tho erection and furnishing of ti Publio Library; and tho addition another wing, to serve as a gallery art, might have been effected by ti outlay of a comparatively insignifioai sum, and to tho neglect of some muo less important objeot. Copies of ti Milo Venus, the Laocoon and tho ea toons of RAMAE-.-.!;, deserve to 1 lodged quito as commodiously i tho Chief Secrotary or the Treasure and aro certainly better adapte to adorn a palatial abode than either thoso functionaries. Those glories < immortal art will bo tho means of a traoting tho admiration and instruotii tho minds of thousands, long after 01 pinohbeck statesmen aro forgotten; ai men will turn with a welcome 'senso relief from the littleness of the hume mind, as exemplified by the sayings al doings of their rulers, to its pow< grandeur, and sublimity, as illustrait by the productions'of a PHIDIAS or MICHAEL ANGEI-O. Whether for the purposes of artisi teaching, or popular instruction and i creation, this collection, imperfect ni is, and faulty as some of the casts a will bo especially serviceable. lu * .minds of educated men, it will keep ali the recollection of thoso matohless j?i . duoÄons of the«penoil -and the chisel "Rsbicli' havo delighted- them, in ;|¡be galleries of Europa;' and to the .un- educated it will help to convey some sense of tho beautiful, some perception of a moro elevated source cjf enjoyment, than is to ho found in the pursuit of material pleasures, and some hint of the existenoe of higher capacities and aims than those compassed ana oxeroised in tho ordinary business of life. Thoso who aro indifferent to art will soon acquire an interest in its creations, a knowledge of the laws by whioh it is governed in its works, and a participation in the emotions which it exoites and gratifies. While italianos the eye, it awakens the imagination, and calls the judgement into play ; and no man can spend an hour in a well filled gallery without bringing away with him more ideas than ho carried into it, and more occasions of futuro re- flection and enjoyment than ho is awaro of at tho time. In laying the foundation, or establishing the nucleus, of a National Gallery, we have taken one decisive step towards counteracting. thoso gross and material tendencies which society naturally assumes in all colonies; and we hope the effort will bo vigorously followed up by the trustees, and liberally seconded by the Legislature. To Sir REDMOND BARRY the community is under great obligations for the persevering zeal with which he has applied himself to the prosecution of this work, and our best wishes are that its progress may bo commensurate with his solicitude on that behalf. The Collingwood Rifles aro to muster on tho parade-ground at half-past G to morrow morn In a paragraph in The Argus of yesterday re- specting a foot race at Riohmond, Nicholls was mndo tho winner of tho 150 yards race, whereas Mason was tho successful competitor, ho winning by four nnd a-half yards, Mr. Martloy is to-day to ask tho Chief Secretary aseries of questions with referonco to tie com- mutation of sentenoo in tbo case of the convict Shankhn. Last night's Gazette proclaims town commons, for Belmont, county Grant, about G30 acres j and for Newton and Chilwell, same county, about 420 acres. Also farmers' common for Soymour and Tallarook, county of Anglcsoy, about 3,400 acres. Mr. Sinclair last night gave notico in the As- sembly that on Thursday he will ask tho Commissioner of Lands and Survey whon the Government intends to introduce a measure to amend the Land Bill of last session. The Speaker lost night announced that ho had received a letter from Mr. Ebden, resigning his scat as member for Brighton. The lion, gentle- man's farewell address to his constituents appears in another column of this day's Argus. A lecture was delivered last evening at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, by Mr. John Cathie, M.L.A., the subject being-"On the truths of teetotalism, and the best means for ad- vancing the same." The room was crowded, and the lecturer was throughout listened to with the greatest attention. At a meeting of tho members of the East Holbourne Cricket Club, held on Monday, it was decided that tho Challenge Cup should be re- turned to Mr. Coppin, in order to avoid anj further disputo on the subject with the Richmond Club. The third annual meeting of tho shareholder; of tho NntionalBank of australasia was heldyester day. The Hon. Geo, Rolf o presided. Bythoreport, whisk was road, it nppearcd that there was a no1 profit upon tho year's transactions of £19,80C lös. 9d,, of which sum £9,588 6s. 3d. was appro printed to a dividend, nt tho rate of G per cent, General satisfaction was oxprcsscd at tho mannet in which the bank had been conducted, both bj the Melbourne and Adelaide boards, and two dis tinct motions to that effect were unanimously carried. In consequence of closing the Mauritiui branch, tho periods of the yearly and half-ycarlj balances wcro altered to March and September instead of, as formerly, January and July. Thi chairman stated that, from private accounts hi had received, ho behoved the bank would con tinuo to prosper until it would ho second to norn in tho colony. The Castlemaine Advertiser is " requested ti stato, by Dr. Macadam, that ho has ascertained from tho best authority, that tbo reabon why ni Solicitor- General was appointed in the proson Government waB that the office of Commissionc of Mines was instituted." Tho Conimittoojof Elootions and Qualification Bat again yesterday, to'consider further tho matte of tho disputed Villiers and Heytesbury oloction but, in consequencejof^a suddon and unoxpcctci illness in tho family of Mr. Pyke, tho chairmai of tho committee, it was.agrecd to adjourn til noon this day. With referonco to the proceedings at tho meei ing of tho Hotham Municipal Council on Monda evening, wo may observe that tho returns noi applied for by the Government of rates collocte to the 30th of April oro for tho purposo c enabling the Government to pay an instalment o the grant to municipalities to the oxtont of 15s in tho pound. For tho balance, which will b paid three months boneo, a return of tho rate collcoted by tho 30th of Juno, which has hithert formed tho basis of distribution of tho G oven mont grant, will be requirod. This explanado having been made yesterday to the chairman ( the Hotham Municipal Council, an intervio between a deputation from that body and til Treasurer, in compliance with the resolutio passed at tho meeting on Monday, becaino ui necessary. At tho close of ifs report of tho~nomination i Castlemaine tho Advertiser of yesterday says: " Tho returning officer now called for a show < hands, and requested Mr. J. -A. Wheeler an Mr, Burnot to act au scrutineers. Groat dil) cully aroso in ascoitaining which candidato ho the show. Mr. Wheeler decided in favour i Mr. Smith, but Mr. Burnet declined to pronoune an opinion. The returning officer cut the ele toral knot by siding with Mr. Whooler, and d daring the oloction had fallen on Mr. Smitl A poll having boon domanded by tho friends i Dr. Macadam, the returning officer said it won tako placo on the 13th inst,, nt the usual pollin: places." In tho Council last night Mr. Fawkner gai notico that on the next doy of sitting ho gliou raovo tho presentation to His Excellency ti Governor of an address, embodying tho resol tion of tho Houso in tho matter of tho salary tho President, and requesting tho concurrence tho Assembly in tho resolution. ' Meetings of the following Volunteor Corps a to bo held this ovening .-- Melbourno Prop Rides, at the Bull and Mouth, nt 7.30, for dist! bution of prizes and arrangements for compotito at tho next Riflo Association mooting; Nor Melbourno Rifles, at 7.30, to transad importa business; Engineers, at tho orderly-room, at to ballot for members and receive finanoi report. ' The committee havo resolvod that ti holders of guinea tickets for tho Volunto banquet " may obtain any number of ladi tickets for the gallery." Mr. Fraser having lost night asked Mr. Be »ott, as " leader of the strike '* in tho Legislati Council, "whether it was that hon. membe intention to perpetuate his motion for ndjoui mont, or to allow tho Houso to go on with t business of tho country," Mr. Bennett said ws not tho wish of himself, or any of tho he monhor» with whom ho had communicated. interfero for a moment with the disposal of busi- ness standing in tho names of private members, such, for instance, as the notices of motion; but with rogard to the orders of tho day, tho prin- ciple having been established that they could not go on with Government business in the absonco of the representative of tho Government, he thought it woald be unniso for thp House to depart from that principle ; and on the order of the day for tho second reading of tho Adminis- tration of Law (Justice) Bill, Mr. Bennett moved that the House do now adjourn to Una day week. The motion, after a brief discussion, was carried without a division. Tho Now Churn (Bendigo) Quartz-mining Company held their usual hi monthly mooting yesterday, at tho Albion Hotel, Bourke street. Tho direotors were authorized to borrow £1,000 to meet prcsont liabilities, and tho ropört of tho mining manager wns read, by which it appeared that tho prospeots of this unfortunate company wore improving. Grievous complaints wero mode hy shareholders ns to the apparently inextricable confusion in which the late manager had left the accounts of the company. We havo received papera from Sydney, Hobart Town, and Launceston to May 4. A oüso of maintenance, Carnoby v. Carnoby, caine boforo tho District Court yesterday, in whioh tho complainant was proved to bo in pos- session of certain property at St. Kilda and Sandridgo, Tho circumstance influenced the order of the Court. The vote for the Government printing esta- blishment wns severely criticized last night, Dr. Evans maintaining that the amount (£39,300) " was perfectly enormous, as compared with any othor colony of tho British empire. The cost of Government printing in Canada, with its mi monso territory and its 3,000,000 inhabitants, was nothing like this." |^Evory week," said Dr. Evans, " disclosed the fact that thcro was printed, every week, a largo amount of mero useless and unintelligible trash, well suited for culinary purposes, but for nothing elso whatoi or." An accident, which was very nearly proving fatal, occurred yesterday morning about 11 o'clock,at tho ballast-pit, near tho Noith Mel- bourne station, on tho Victorian lino of railway. A man named George Miller was engaged in blasting, and one of the blasts missed lire, no went to remove it, whon it suddonly exploded and sovorely injured him in tho face and chest. He wns conveyed to tho hospital. About 4 o'clook yesterday morning, Samuel Thornton, a man employed in night- work, foil off his cart, and ono of tho wheels passed over tho lower part of his body, severely in]ming bim. At tho Williamstown Police Court yesterday tho captain of the Wonga Wonga was finod for carrying l8 passengers beyond the number limited by tho 14th section of tho Amended Pas- senger Act (of tho Imperial Parliament), A second case was hoard against tho master of the Commerce, for a similar breach of the law. It having boon shown that it was through an aot of kindness to a widow' and family that he had bcon brought within the law, tho Bench fined the cap- tain in tho mitigated penalty of Is., and 5s. Gd. costs. Tho Customs officers at Melbourno seized 40 barrels of gunpowder, made up into cartridges, ycB terday afternoon, landed fiom tho Btcamor Wonga Wonga, from Sydney, and no ownor appearing, thoy conveyed tho packages for safety to tho Government magazine. It is reported that tho shipment was made by tho Govornment of New South Wales for military servico in this colony. This, howovor, appears improbable, Iho shipment being made by a privato person, and consigned to ordor. The quantity so largely exceeding tho amount allowed to bo shipped on board a vessel carrying passengers, and the heavy penalty at- tached for so doing, lead to tho belief that the commander of the Wonga Wonga must have been unacquainted with the contents of tho packages, but tho vessel having sailed on her roturn trip to Sydney prior to the discovery being made, no investigation into tho mnttor can bo entered into until hor return to this port. Tho convoy anco of so largo n quantity of powder from Sand- ridge to Melbourne by railway in open trucks, must havo boon nttended with danger. Professor Neumayer delivered, last evening, a most instructivo and interesting lecture on " Me- teors and Shooting Stars," in the Boys' School- room attached to St. Mark's Church, Colling- wood. Dr. Ralph occupied the chair. The lec- turer commenced his remarks by taking an ob- jection to the popular name " meteors" as given to the cosmical bodies which formed the subject of his lecture, and expressing his preference to that of " shooting stars." They had been ob- served in all ages, especially among the Chinese, but attention began to be particularly drawn to them in Europe about 1803-4, and from that time down to the present, owing principally to the travels and exertions of Humboldt, they had been more or less regularly observed. The great fall of stars on the 12th and 13th November, 1834, taken in connexion with the fact that a similar phenomenon had been wit- nessed by Humboldt, at Cumana, on the 11th and 12th November, in 1799, first called atten- tion to their periodicity,-a problem from the discussion of which most important results had accrued to science. Their periodicity for the months of November and August was clearly established, and probably also for the period from the 26th to the 31st July. Dividing shooting stars into the classes of sporadic or scattered individuals and periodic, it became a question of importance to ascertain an approximation to the law of their numbers. Taking the average, between four and five an hour for all hours of the day and night were observed, the maximum being of course attained at the special periods above montioned. Periodicity had been established for the northern hemisphere, and there appeared little doubt that it would be also for the southern. A most singular tendency, amount- ing almost to a certain law, was observed in regard to the hours during which the stars fall in large and small numbers. Representing their frequency by a curve, the latter rose gradually from about 6 o'clock in the evening to between 11 and 12 at night, when it fell suddenly, and in the most marked manner, rising again to maximum between 2 and 3 a.m., and then again descending, but more gradually than before. The periodic moteors radiated from certain ascer- tained points, and their courses or paths were parallel; whereas the sporadic had irregular paths. The points of radiation obtained from 408 observations were four in numbor, of which the star Algol in Perseus had 171 stars (gamma), in Leonis 83, the head of the constellation Draco 78, and a fourth from 38 to 40. The velocity of shooting stars was immense, far in excess of that of the planetary bodies, their size was very various, and their position among the cosmical bodies probably between the comets and the asteroids. Their distance from the earth was, on an average, between 120 and 10 miles. The meteor of the 4th March seen in Victoria was, when first seen, pro- bably about 54 miles from the earth. All considerations proved the cosmical nature of the meteors. The lecturer proceeded to refer to the physical constitution of meteors, to their connexion with the solar spots, and the magnetism of the earth ; their origin, which was neither from volcanoes nor from the moon, as was once believed ; and to the importance of accurately observing them for the purposes of science. Even unscientific observers might note the time, colour, apparent position in the heavens, and distance from the horizon of these bodies, and the time of their duration, and such observations, carefully made, might prove of the very greatest service to sci- ence. Professor Neumayer made many other interesting remarks on meteors, and at the conclusion of his lecture received a vote thanks by acclamation. KIMr. Brooke appeared last night as Reuben tho Bpectacular drama of "Aîtapl." .The ho was thinly attended. 