FIEBX CREEK. (From our own Correspondent.) . 26th September. Anxiety to avoid being subservient to th propagation of every idle rumor, and th difficulty of ascertaining the real state o ruining matters here, have been the causes o my prolonged silence. The share marke here containing more than the usual nam ber of " bulls" and " bears," it has not beei safe to receive their statements even with ; graiu of salt, as I am credibly informo that {herc has been rather too much saltinj carried on, in order to obtain machinery Recently, however, the rush to New Zealand by bringing into the market a share in al most every one of the .claims on the dcej leads, bas done much towards fixing share at their true value, or rather a little helot it. The population on the little rush tba took place a few weeks, ago between Unit] and Sailor's Gullies, with a prospect of ai ounce to the load, and the magniloquen title of "The Red, White and Blue," ha dwindled down to plain "Tom Bolton' Gully," or the Wire Fence rush. Ton Bolton, himself, sold out for £15, an« started for Tuapeka; the purchaser, how ever, is well content with his bargain and has erected a puddling machine for th use of his mates and neighbors. Sevei claims in the immediate vicinity of th prospectors are getting gold; then corni seven claims where the lead has missed, o: jumped; and then again other seven claim: at the upper and shallow end of the gully that pay from 5 dwt. to the load, to £5 pei man per week. The mining population i about 40. Unity Gully is quite deserted and Sailor's only occupied by puddlers. Oi the Southern Cross Lead the claims at thi southern end of the gully are making bu small wages; a share in No. 6 was recently sold for £2, and some of the shareholders ii No. 5 levanted by moonlight for Tuapeka No. 4 south is giving an improved yield No. 3 is turning out very good dirt, and J share recently sold for £10 by a gentlemai bound for New Zealand, is likely to give J very handsome return to the speculator Claims No. 1 and 2 south (Searle's & Ger rard's), are giving from 1 to 2 oz. per shan weekly. The prospectors, who for soo» time past were driving in the reef at tot low a level, broke through last week, anc are getting ont dirt that will go an ounra to tbe set of timber. The Boya' Saxon claim is giving fair wages, anc the Prince of Wales Company's claim in the Police Paddock recently yielded t prospect of 1| dwts. to the tub from din obtained at a depth of 112 feet, and yet this company, from the desertion of some ol their mates to New Zealand, and the want of capital or bank accommodation, art unable at present to procure machinery. There is a twin, or parallel lead, coming through these last three claims, about sixty feet distant from the Cross Lead, and sup posed to be a continuation of Shepherd's Lead, which was long since lost. The Old Yam HUI is at last abandoned by the Fiery Creek Steam Sluicing Company, who are extending their fluming and shifting their sluice boxes to the next hil), near the Cemetery, and adjoining the claim of the Burnbank W" Tunnel Company; butas the dirt in all the hills about here is of a very clayey nature it is likely to pay the tunneller and puddler far better than the sluice*. At . Jock's Flat a few puddling machines continue to make wages from the dirt obtained from the Malakoff Hill. On Jock's Lead, a whim claim near the old shaft of the Cockatoo Company is paying very well. The Shamrock and Thistle Company, have sunk a new shaft-having lost their old one,-and are engaged in re moving their engine. This company have taken np a part of the ground formerly occupied by the Cockatoo Com pany, and now possess an extended el «rn for the discovery of a lost lead. On the Garibaldi Lead, one shareholder composes the Reservoir Company, who has registered the claim. The Champion of the Seas Company after v orking some time for a weekly divident of a dwt a man, started a new drive last week a»d obtained 5 ozs of gold in 5 days. The West of England Company have ceased working. The Pro spect party, whose engine and plant is of the best description, have been out of pocket lately by driving too deep in thc reef; they have now broken through, and arc again landing paying dirt. Thc Boyal Standard Company have recently broken through, and obtained 5 ozs of gold from 12 trucks of washdirt. The Olive Branch Company's claim has yielded 3| ozs from about six loads of dirt. The lead is on the opposite side of their shaft from where they _first ex pected it, hence the delay in finding it. The Great Republic Company's shaft is bottomed close to the gutter, and as the party have recently overcome the excess of water by the erection of pipes and lifts, it is generally expected that this claim, long known by the soubriquet of " Dirty Nell," will prove a flag bole shortly. The Main Deep Lead I am sorry to say is not proving the main source of the yield ot gold at present. The United Fiery Creek Company's lease block of twenty acres (Jackson's) is still in statu quo. The Britannia Company's claim (.Lewis's), sunk by contract to 100 feet, is standing for the want of an engine. The Beaufort Company's claim (Andrew McDon ald's) and the New Allandale, in the Police Paddock, are also at a stand-still through excess of water, or, as cynical people say, they are waiting for the Old Allandale Company to prove thc ground. The Allan dale Company (Calvert & Co.) arc still toiling hard and getting nothing-nothing, at least, beyond what they might readily obtain in any surface hill in the neighbor hood, without going 125 feet underground to look for it. The Golden Age Company (Whalley & Co.) have, I believe, recently made a small dividend, but cannot be said to be making wages. The Fiery Creek Company (Harrison's party) reached the deep ground a few days ago. They have a great deal of water. A share in this com pany changed hands recently for .£25; divi dend nil. The Marco Polo Company whoa few weeks back got gold enough to pay off some £300 arrears, had but a small dividend last week. The Flying Buck Company are busily engaged iu the erection of their engine and plant, which is in a forward state, and thc shareholders, who expect to catch the junction of the lead from Ararat Flat, are all sanguine of success. The Baglau Company's claim varies very much iu its yield, the lower"drive giving about ¿'2 10s per share, and the upper one £4 weekly. On the Ding Dong .Lead the prospect claim is still turning oat very good dirt. Ko. 3 south the Twelve Apostles Company's claim was recently sold to Chinese- for £85, the former proprietors going to New Zea land. MtJooke's Lead is yielding on the average an ounce to the load, but the cemented na ture of the dirt makes it hard to procure. On thc Argyle Lead the Royal Oak, Bet ter Late Than Never and Chinese Com panies are doing well, but not quite so well as they were about two months ago. On New Charcoal Lead the whim claim is paying good wages. At the German Hill theCockatoo Tunnelling and Steam Sluicing Company have erected a steam engine for pumping their tunnel. A dam and flaming arc also completed, and the shareholders anticipate two or three years' steady wages. On thc upper maia lead the numerous puddling machines are giving good returns. The Phonix and Dancing Feather sluicing companies are also proving lucrative invest ments. The puddlers and the sluicing com panies have been at loggerheads lately about the water privilege, and as the proprietors of the races can raise the weekly rent on their tenants, when and wherever they think proper, the puddlers after several meetings holden on the subject at Gibson's store, have memorialised the Government through the Ararat Mining Board, to purchase the races on public account, out of the late vote for water supply to the gold fields, The rent at present paid for water is about £20 weekly, and above one-third of the water is wasted by leakage of the races where they cross the gullies. On old Jonathan's Gully, the Wimmera Sluicing Company have erected a dam, and are conducting operations on an extensive scale. The Red HUI Company are still sluicing at Close's Gully, and making a mo derate return. At Raglan proper the Surface Hill, marked in the map as "original diggings," has recently yielded a 20 oz nugget to Mr George Rees, from the bottom of a hole three feet deep. Two or three claims in this vicinity arc also giving returns, the quantity and quality of which strongly remind one of the gold of other days. Harrison's and Mitchell's Gullies give re munerative employment to a few puddlers. Long Gully, Duncan's, and Old King Charlie's, are tenantless, in a mining point of view, and as thc latter would require steam power, and steam power is not easily procurable here, no one seems inclined to "disturb Camarina." Charlton and Waterloo Leads I have been unable to visit, in consequence of a serious illness, and can only state that at New Musical Gully the whim claim is washing 12 oz to the machine. The next claim, the Queen of England, is abandoned for want of funds to procure machinery. At Paddy's Gully the prospectors are about to erect a steam engine to pump the water from their claim. At Waterloo HUI, Swamp Point, and Surface Point, three several sluicing companies continue to make wages. At New Jonathan's Lead, thc prospect claim has been taken up by a new party, who ob tained 17 oz the first fortnight. At Wing field's Lead, the Chinese whim claim pays handsomely. The Great Extended Com pany have their engine up and at work, but are not getting gold to pay expenses. The Golden Gate Gompany are erecting ao engine to enable them to prove the ground. The Band of Hope Company, being hope lessly poor, have abandoned their claim. On old Charcoal Lead, the Princess Royal Pro specting Company have recently washed a machinerai of dirt for 2 oz, and have given up the ghost. About 40 miners altogether have left here for New Zealand, and several more for Carngham, where we are told wages arc £3 10s. Wages here are £3. Gold is £3 14s per oz. 