METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. {By «Ti* Lindon Correipondent of the Liverpool Albion.) IF, BB tho merry old song of what waB*ônciÇmèrry «ld England says, " April showers produce*'Msy flowers," the torrents of to-day^ught-tb'cause such an erysipelns of batchelors' buttons and erup- tion of daffadowndillies that Lord John Manners might be expected to be fdnnd prarioing aI morris-" dance oh'Corrihill on Wednesday, morning I nextj 'the ist of the efflorescent -month, .warbling about, tho restoration of old nobilito and demise of laws and learning ; , while Baillie Ooohrano piped oh Pandean reed, and Norfolk Bentinck thumped the îmcolio tabor. And mayhap such Arcadian spec- tacle ^rnight literally'greet the'green eye of, that verdant cockney,Sir Robt. Carden, if tbe 1st of May'conld be conveniently put ofF till Friday, or,: better still," Saturday next, when a procession, of. jrotectipnists.would probably be' found., péntmbú latíng' the'. Poultry, proclaiming that, Jike . other, geesej.they baye saved the capital from despoiling; Cranls. Wherefore?^ Why.iby. this day week it is said by theleoothsayers of the Carlton, and, sooth to tisyV there is a great deal in it,!' that! the ' official days of the patriarchal Premier will be.numbered, and.his years be of no further account. Acting on lilia conviction, Taylor,. the! tory] whip, ; already ra-; gards himself as the heir-at-law of tbe three Tooley-' street snips who personated the people of England. He has multiplied lumielf by ninej and is laying »rf the lash as though it were o catio'ninetéen tails ; -HÍdjúriñg "heaven,' conjuring 'earth,1 and abjuring, the.other.place, -and the ardour of his importunity tbat' every creature ; worthy'oí the name,of-a man7 »nd a'Briton shall bo within sound of the di vision chimes^byj midnight on .Thursday,;nèxt.; But'them is nV'mó'tión before, the House,?., i Not yet,; but therej will,be, though perhaps not till the last minute. .It hasn't io lié;4supposed that * all ' this5 Baring\ cry would be barren of some little wool,'and ,that ' the l>elwethers wouldn't bo induced to' jump'over].'the hedge in order, to see how many, of the . gregarious multitudeUvouldi follow in the ibelièf \ that there wSs'no';'dùngër ófthéir-béoóming <löst,'-iriattonsV &¿éoráiap>Y£ftie 'gentlemen:''.'with a stake'in' the .n>v¡0^'r^\nayerstálEÍBd',; their :ail "on,' this ; [ hedging cast/ prepared to stand the hazard of. the die. ,?? 57 - "A- life-and-death matter to ministers, at any rate, it is likeiy^b'proTe,' several of .'them indeed being balf/dbad already 1-¡that, ii ,18 , to say,' corporally, iosides being ,well, -nigh' - politically.: moribund. Cdrnewallf" Lewis,* who always1 looked' like a »pectr^nöwlöÖKB like thai spectre's gbóst ; while Sir- George,'. Groy, who,., generally resembled ' the ghost's shadow, is nawi a .shadow's, phantom. Wood, who was always as attenuated ns a lath, ia now 'as' thin as . a .match', 'and,: is; becoming; more lncife'rpus'the ¡older ",he grbwfl^^ As fo^Rnality, lie bas . always .been the fao simile of )the .Last JMan since' his lordship - was a boy,, > but, now '. he seems, old yénoùgb'to be the1 Last ManVgrand íathen '¡He^aé away.'ill lás.y.night/, and bab,been more or tessi ailing .fall the, week. . Tho corroding consciousness that he ia only à second fiddle; and tbe:cónvictídn thai lie cati never be .more; with the probability of speedily being ,a ,great,deal less, ?doubly sour' to him-the.bitter truth that it is one »hing to deem himself competent to command tho channel ' 'fleet an'tf to- 'perform*' . thev_ proverbial «hirurgical1 cutting, but quite another ? thing " to jwreuade the ^public ,of his nautical and, lithotriptic ambidexterity.' Them there is Speaker Denison, whose Palmerstonian partisanship renders him as xnûch a Diinjsterialist|as any junior lord of Treá tmry,,. orl senior ditto of Admiralty. ' He grows snore and more of an invalid every night; moro por . -cupinishlj prickly towards every one to whom he .larc exhibit his peevishness, and more intolerable to tuoao he feels compelled to be commonly civil to. ? He, too, was off last night, Massey being in She chair-not at the table, where ho takes up his post when the House is in committee; and a most Yellow^'Plush flunkoyfied aspect has the, little -waxen- weosened member for Salford, in bis' white cravat,' and ibis undertaker attire, and under tútler "'high - life - below: stars air. / Lastly/ there "is" ' the ' unparagpned , Pam ' ?. bim aelf~" Power on his 'Last Legs/" to quote the -Jamous H.B. < quiz on Melbourne, when that minister was tottering to his final fall, though the aatiro is now of double pungency,' having référence lo gall-stonos in his brother-in-law's toes, as well Wto lieel- trippiDgs, and other stumbling block annoyances. - He holds up astonishingly still, . t ; as Talleyrand did; but there are-limits to all "things'human-;"and even tho superhuman Tiverton an »que is succumbing to time very perceptibly now although * he bas . occasionally rallies of rejuvenescence, as Braham used to havo ; and,<«ver'and-anon,-comes out as if renovated in «me . of Urquhart's. Turkish, Baths, though' David would ' soy that a/ Russian, sudorific wis a mud» more probable-hygienic appliance. Som- nolency is growing upon him fast ; a disposition; *o hy born ate as the snmmer draws nigh. But ho appears to havo tho Napoleonic' faculty of sleep- ing nt will, and of waking too, and, what is more surprising, of,knowing what is. going on while he dourmouaily dozos, for his nodding. ia no winking matter; but is downright sleep,: Shortly after he com s into the house now of an afternoon he, Roes wff into an actual snore ; his head thrown back, Iiis month wide open, like a fly-trap ; and doubt Jem in his droamé tho aged spider is enmeshing jnáhy an additional blue bottle, otherwise, red taper,, ns tho scarlot, runnors brush by. No ono thinks of waking him. Droll was it to see Glad- stone the other hight, on suddenly coming in, eye ing'hirh askance,'in the anti-picturosquo attitude aforesaid, yet ^idling off to thc otuor end of the bench, a's though lie had como into contact with a slumbering boa,' terriftod lest ho should be caught in the coils. And thereby, hangs a tale. Does U. really know P. ? 'Wonderful if he does,,doubly wonderful,if ho doesn't.; If he db, what must hu think, c ?:: and, n wherefore aota, ho not upon what ho must think, of the -First' Lord of tho Treasury's trick of last year , to defeat tim Chancellor, of tho Exchequer's budget, the Very satno triok being now about to bo repeated ? Per- haps G. fouls, with the youngor Agripina, that, in many casos, tho best dofonco against treachery is to seem unconscious of it, and therefore maintains his usual calmness, forbearing from all inquiry, all expostulation, as ja said by n¡ quarterly'renewer bf Stanluipe'r^Lt/*-,, of Pitt, injwhichbiography, by tho' woy, tliero ls" ? striking illustration of how completely a con tem- porary publia'may .bb hoodwinked concerning tho" character of tho most conspicuous political person- ages, and how a reputation may bo enjoyed for certain qualities' tli'e very opposite of what really belong to tho impostor, favourite of the hoar. Every one knows, how Chancellor Thurlow, after having agreed1 to betray the cause of George tho Third in tho expectancy of obtaining; offloe under tlte Hegonoy, and then, whon that prospect failod, rattled back to loyalty, and oriedout in tho House of Poors, that when ho forgot his King'might God iorgot him-an exclamation which caused Burke to say "the best thing that could happen to you," and Wilkes to utter a profano pleasantry, neodloss to bo repoalod ; while Pitt hlmsolf left the p'neo muttering " What o', rascal 1" Observo, liowevor, bow tho highly cultivated ignorance of the com- munity dealt with thc mat tor. Wore ia what Xiord Stanhope says :-" In! the country at large. the intrigues of Thurlow were not knowp^-they were not even suspected. He was looked ;uppn as ;t he earless>asser|er..b(0i^B.ßwet^ß's'jUßßT-i^y astriçtly honest man,'prepared, if need should ber to suffer for his honesty ; and the impressivé\half/ sentence he ,had jnst pronounced; fell in exaotly with the current of popular feeling at the time. The words flew from jmouth Jtojmputh. _They .were seen farand wide in England, printed around .portraits and wreaths, embossed on snuff-boxes or embroidered on pocket-handkerchiefs.'' I Have penny, newspapers improved .publio per- ception since ! , Bear: witness,, Black Bottle, and* the - thousand and one quackeries - which our many-headed monster gorges OB a-delicacy one day to void as nauseating the next. Buckle main- tains that historical evidence has been impaired by writing and printing, and that unaided tradition is the Bafest form of truth, bocánse of the permanent {form' given' to floating error' when, embalmed in . type. . What Bhall be Bnid of the embalment in type that takes place in the hot-pressing atmo- sphere of gilded saloons,'"here seeming facts are' fabricated to support pf^^é-arranged.thoqriéaP iHow; ever, the supposed mummy , of a Ptolemy "of a t Pharaoh-has turned out ere now to be a pickled baboon'; and posterity'1 is continually laughing at the hoaxesj played off ph'its ancestry.' " Still taking -Sheridan's sensible, yiew'.pf limited obligations to posterity^ on the spore of posterity, having ; done .little for us, it would be comfortable if we didn't Heave'till 1961' tho discovery bf who's who in 18G1. ,lETow if, it1 Bhbuîd;hâppen that'büf, ^' tfnly.. British Minister" is something totally different, .wanting in i¡every element of truthfulness and deficient in all ; things^Britwh t^It'1 -wouldn't be the first ' occasion that' one' pr other, of his', .collèàgûes.fbr .the'¡time .being arrived at tho same estimate. /Are others, of them arriving at.it now, and are they about ex- pressing it ? If so, and it is very likely sb;to be, 'the game both, of brag and bambobzlément must .be nearly*played out. But here may be ono other coup to deliyer , ere" 'the curtain fall. . Mokanna's ¡closing entertainment was in raising the veil,Jand "enjoying the consternation of his devotees on the .disoovery¡ that'their demi-god - was a' semi-ghouV and 'whole monster. 'BuV'a&iitt; jomen;' is'pre-; .snmptous perhaps ?"to'Tóok" so.'very^far-aiead^ especially"tov.a death's-head .and-.perhaps. , the /most ghastly apparition in; whig eyes \whioh the. Çomîo Old Gentlemati'will point to when in tragio' mqod is the Palestine physiognomy of the member for Bucks as heir,, in , tail, tofrthe* mantle of Tiverton, incoming ' man' 'alone ; qualified^, to. wear the cloak pf the:, out going: one, and preserve the Temple tradition of two-faces under-ahood:. ^Snfficient'ïoi- the'day'isfthe'*hiim-. bug thereof, and it isjvith that we have aleone to deal at present., In lastTweek's letter you. were, afforded n' poep'atltfce^ ibeginningt, of'/thisi. week's intended parliamentary sayings and doings, and tho, no-sayinRS and no-doings, which were a good deal more difficult tobe discerned,1 for it is always har tder;tb'èéll |what a "man, and ".èspéciajiy.^wöäVia, woman, won't do" or say than what be or she will. , You hare witnessed how accurately:,the-anticipa- tion-has been realised. ? Ypu'sbalfnow; bo enabled to'see into1 the middle bf next '.week," and' with a circumstantiality of precision that-must-induce-a persuasion that youriCorresporiderit is in a"partner ! ship of unlimited liability with Planchette;' thé' diabolic divining wizard, who enables ,tho (" imperial bottle-'cohjuring decanter' 'of, eyif ^pirlta to, ,po'ùr" out the secrets of hereafter' before tho proprietor of the/star-T-nptr the ;Bright /London. newspaper,! ! but.the .Corsioan , family destiny luminary. Dur- ing the whole of this week the head that-carried the brains "of tho Derby cabinet has been revolving, and evolving combinations-compared with' which' the plottings and complottings in Vivian Gfrey have bean simplicity itself. And the audacity seems to have had its reward thus far.,,,- It -was à great thing for the oriental adventurer to get the millionaire Baring to take such apart, as the ono , assumed on Monday night, a condemnation,_but not. a censure, of the budget. It ia no secret that Baring, ' who, coolly pooh-poohed ,the proffered; Exchequer under , the first Hotspur ministry, still more contemptuously sneered at the finance of tho person to whom it was entrusted, and who never waa able to establish a balance in bis own private' purse. -But tho Arabian knight of Grosvenor Gate finally enchanted the dragon who guards the golden fruit of the Bishopsgate Hespéridos, and auriferous Toni succumbed to -non-argentiferous Benjamin. Not- only did Baring take, the initiative in the unheard-of course of making a motion that he himself declared to be no motion at all1, 'but he has acquiesced in all the further..manoeuvres which : the Caucasian has suggested and is still direct- ing. The pair were closeted in one of the rooms of the'house a long'time, on Tuesday; and Derby and his commanding ' lieutenant had a prolonged confab in tho house itself shortly' after ;-symptoms confirmative in Taper and Tadpole optics of tho Vlooming" of something conservatively comfortable', in the proximate future. And it mnst, bo admitted that the debato hitherto has been of a'character to sus- tain the new-born buoynncy of tho'tory1 body, nnd to beget the persuasion, that if it but once float again, thens.is small danger of speedy foundering. Baring's own speech was but in- differently enough' delivered, as ;if his'^'heart failed him nt tho Inst minute, and that the con- sciousness of a most unbusinesslike proceeding on the part of a man of business par excellence palsiod his generally nimblo , and resonant tongue. But his shortcomings , wore atoned for, with compound interest, by .Seymour 'Fitzgerald, on Thursday night, who spoke with an effect so palpably obvious on all,sides that hts delighted better half, whp was. itt'tho ladies1 gallery, and rejoices in tho' christian t name, .U nchristian name it'be,* of Tryphonoj must have felt a forty Mrs,,Yelverton sprouting' of coronets on her head, »nd ,'that the extinct nobility of the late J Lord Vesey would be re- lived in his fluent. and .affluent aon,*-bor .spouse, the bond sinister in tho filial eBOUtcho'on being no bar to tho said desideratum.' 'J. ;,,,! ' ;" And apropos, or mal apropos itmay bo,,,pf, Mrs. Yelverton, her itrensio champion, White- side, carno forth in considerable strength, 'oh the samo sido, the same evening.'' His uprising pfoducod a crinolinical commotion in ' tho feminine compartment as if Howell »nd James' \- brigada > wera unrolling (our and twenty piles of brocado for the inspection of-as many-'widows about to jump out of thoir woods, and thora-, foro as frisky at the'.sight of tho finofy its squirrels at a .nut-orncking carnival,! or* mutes nt' a funeral. Whiteside isn't much ot ari Apolló,1 and is rather less pf ,nn Adonis.. ...Nor is ,1)0, exactly the sort of individual whose caterwauling invocation to ',|,Oomo into tho Gardop, Maurie, ' wouid ,be. of very strong animal magnetism to n young pusB enamoured : of tho > physically pic- turesque. Still, to, say that he i8n't;'a.ladlèi?; mau, would ho to tulle nonsense,; for.Wharewas there over man of womun born,, what he crea turo over walked on two logs, or over stumped ulong without legs, that didn't find admirers in tjio softor gender, and Bomotimbs' all ,thp moro rj-adity beonuae of th« absence of. everything,, lils own sex doomed attract!vo to tho opposite? . There 1B in Whi'osldo'a appear ance much of the Quixote, that is, if, you ima- gine the Don as viewed through a magnifying glass ; for the Irishman is twice the assumed size of the Spaniard, and talks three, times BB loud as Cervantes' cavalier,' saying nothing of the difference between the Castilian and the Connaught accent ; the latter being so alarm- ingly an ti-Andalusian that if Sancho's Dapple had heard but one hulíaballoo in the brogue, all the thistles in Barataria wouldn't have induced so gentlemanly a zany to - uplift his own-voice ever after. On the present occasion the.London lion of the Dublin Four Courts, roared with an ameliorated' ferocity that was comparatively trnnquillising ; for, the Archbishop of Canter- bury could hardly have : heard him in'Lambeth Palace, which is only., half-a-mile off, ion the other side of the Thames. Besides, the Mile- sian leo was as playful as a kitten. , He tickled the upstairs tabbyocracy about tea duties with stimulating eclat, in addition to scratching Glad- stone in a fashion, ¡ that ; caused that; ¡demure, mouser to wince, confoundedly, 'whereat the1 nine- lived Tiverton grimalkin grinned 'with feline facetiousness, like a Cheshire tortoise-, shell, walking up for the philánthrópic púrpose of enjoying the obvious' chagrin '..of h\s right honorable, friend. The hard-hearted Viscount's hilarity at his sensitive associate's expense . in- cited all the opposition to each innation, and thereby proved Palmerston to be ,môre,'potent, than', Orpheus'; ' forwhereas , .the Pagan .Paganini only moved mythological rocks, and stocks to lugubrious grief, the Piccadilly per- former Btirs tory timbered , sticks and blocks to. laughter :-a circumstance whereof, .the iff, Ho-, meric scholar" will hardly fail to remind the old joker o|the', Isthmian'game's:at this "evening's council, 'for ' tbe,* member .for ; the University is morbidly emotional" to. a titter, andi would al- most as. soon hear the;, rattle iii ibis own throat as a hee-haw in' another's-if he 'b'e the object of the'merriment. Hence tortures'await! him while he is being twitted, as he assuredly, will be, about what a writer to-day. calls " those* exceptional Exchequer'years which contain two 'Good, Fridays,: and,}an' abnbiraal.quantity pf Sundaya"^the 'importation ,of which),into a. budget speech is reported to have. set all tho bulls and bears in,^ Stag -'Alley1 ' capering about t\ke so many fauns with laughter.at/such infan tileV^tohettinesii;''. '; S.trange '.tfcat none ,of, the P^elites, though all mailed in i self-conceit, and: casehardened - against ; ubj urgation;: are' imper, vious to *a pleasantry'. ;;. S.iir* Robertwas';: argu-, mént'prbpffór'thirt "derision found the, joint,in Pomposo's harness, and the dragon of egotism collapsed''in a jiffy; ?So'exáctly withr the-Dóminié'Diiké' of Argjill'till Rupert_roasted_ his .fiery-beaded Grace_oat'bf. (his,alligator shell of} self- satisfaction with the; 'sparkling legend of thé quiet big nayTy and the unquiet little wife." Then''íthwe's.^ÓárdWelV. ,whp jumpó as if stung bya {orpedo if a scintilla of drollery evaporates,in, his, vicinage* ;? ,Sp ,witbv the whole, bf them, and 'Gladstone is no excep- tion, though his position be exceptional.' r , j Sorely-tried was his non-phlegmatic'philoso phy.,still earlier on Thursday, during. Moffatt's scalding decoction of unintentional sarcasm con- cerning tea, the one thing Moffatt knows more abotïtjthan anyrother" person 'in parliament;, or perhaps out'of it'oither. Tho piping-hot èpeech of the torrid by son-dealer and free-trader raised tho spirits of ; théí Opposition? . tb boiling point, and tiley-steamed out a cataract of ; cheers'that 'reduced little ex-tory Twañkéyfied Sidney to' the colour of a steeped .sloe leaf,;; for though be does vend bobea on the hill pf Ludgate, he has sold himself to the street of Downing, whore <the buyers of, such, .wares ¡ think - they have a preaioua bad bargain at the price, even, though it bo at knighthood, or, some 'trumpery of the sort, which the infatuated Aldermenic rat, smelling , the falling, house, now , fancies he won't get ; and much good may it do' him, the disappointment that is. Moffatt has a miserable 'delivery ; now drawlingly didactic and parsoni cally prosy, then Alber t-Smi thean ly slippèrly and Patter-versus-Clatterly .continuous ; .and then again as solemnly and sonorously slow as if reciting tho ','liBt, ob, list," pronunciation of the buried:majesty of Denmark. - But the ghost would be struck dumb at Bight of the, orator's attitude: the right hand stuck nearly up to the elbow in the breeohes .pocket, and the left waving in the air, as if frightening young rooks off an old wheat-stack, and ho looking alternately at nothing point blank before him, and at nobody \- behind him. He was behind somebody, however, > who seemed to enjoy the sport consumedly, as ho always does that of mischief-making, namely . Graham, whose stereotyped Netherby sneer. ex- tended from ear to ear as the all-spiced Moffat grow grosser about tea and sugar, and treated ns fi RS' ends the current reasons for the bridget. As Moffatt is a man of Mersoyan, as well as motropo'itan antecedents and associations, it may hot be irrelevant here to say that be had the key of the late Joseph Locko's heart. Ho rios boen put in the deceased's seat by the widow, whose property tho Honiton constituency are justas much as tho guinoo-fowl in that thrifty Hen-wife's farmyard ; and for just the same rea- son : the only difference being, that, whereas the electors cost someI six. guineas a head, the poultry are say a orown a piece, and nothing to crow about at that ; while there is nothing but trowing in robard to ^he "free ; and indepen- dent" hawks who' make ' lace ' and' members of i Parliament for *a prescribed.priqe,. qn the same patriotic principie of s^lf-interest. Nevertheless .Moffatt treated them as if they were all Marvels, '.and a Merry Andrew j they "mast have deemed ;him for so doing. But he has kept his bastings word in tho House, arjd proved, 'hat' he, will ,not ' vote black whito, much less black . green, es-' Specially in the matter, of tea; and will bo no sweetener of a finanoisl cup in which there isn't plenty of economic' muscovado .' .' for ' th 'million-and for millionaires..... The.. pro- jectionist plaudits ,of Moffatt's hits, , in ,addition to .tho blows themselves; < ap; exas iperatod'Gladstono ns to rouse bim : out "of thit 'extraordinary-'half- lounging half-sitting whole sprawling attitudo bo sometimes assumes, as if to [sh ow,the eel;like' pliability of his limb's. Sudv donly róóovériñg his perpendicular,', he jerked his beavor bock* and staring at the odd figure- head of the figure-worker behind him, began in- terpolating correctivo' exclamations, but was. vehomontly called ;to ordar by, the toricRj whose seemingly lockjjawod chief, ? thd Aslan'Mystery, 'looked, like, two sphinxes, "instead of tho,usual °^o;n)ways,io'pk^;T';: t,:*\;;;r.:¡\:0¡ j Horsman ,takoB,posBOi3ion ol tho starting post pp Monday, nod is expected to trot off into all ; sorts of poraorjal,pi;ovpp,ativpa.¡ for well ho knows thc inst and'ipo^o sofowa, m ,thé' çàblhot team, ?anti ,tho Jockeying of thowhoclors by the loader, and whore ilios , tho > particular " raw" of tho latter as to the proton co of backing his friends tyltllo In reality throwing thom pvor. ,Sir Jpltn ,'Ba'msdon moans to run with Horsman, and so will qovoral othor of tho liberals, especially ¡those who have over held o iii co undor Palmer stori, for it is quito a new phase in the personnel 'of politics that the Broadlands , circle ófíol lo w eró is, fast narrowing, the quondam dopes exol8ÍmÍD¡g,^with;',TbíÍekeray in the " Bound, abouti'-' to-day, th'attheyhaye'" found him out " Parties ' are now',. Iso ' evenly balanced .that- a feather -would turn the scale. Hence ' the ' valué of a feather-head ; and . hence the ¡ premium Scully is at. AU depends on thelrishry ; _and_probably repeal will rbe a popular English - question by this day week if tba cabinet bo O'Mulliganised into smithereens, as may possibly be the case. However, perhaps on the principle/that arms of precision are. now so very preoise that ; they hit nobody-vide the 48;; hours' firing among the Yankees--the opposing bodies rriay be , so ,,very strong that they can't afford to fall out.'i> But, be that as it may, it is at present arranged that tbey will fall to on Thursday next,- and .what may turn up after, that Hayter alone can" tell ; blit he won't ; for he keeps aloof, and leaves all blank, otherwise Brand, which is much the: same thing. Lord John's lumbago won't allow him to be book to the.front in time,, and there, is really no one to talk but Gladstone ; for it is difficult to say whether a speech from Palmer- ston or Bright, tho one hollow, the other sin- cere, in favour of the budget, will do it most harm ;-the' ' 'former alienating' the"' strong liberals, the - -. latter... frightening off : the weak tories.' - 'JWhat -the1-'exact- form of the amendment, or by whom - to be moved, is not yet determined. Probably .much will de- pend on the response made'to.the excruciating «''whip " now being applied, to - every shade bf every section bf' conservatism : the haiti! lame, and blind and deaf being bothered .out, of the little.wits they bad left with threats of annihila- tion, if they don't come forth, and bellow like centaurs the stable-minded cry, "'Rupert to the, rescue 1" ' This'mèànB1'Derby ' for' 'king,1 'with Disraeli for, viceroy.over him : an arrangement thatiwill meet with, a willing auxiliary in- the person of the noble competitor of Bowcliffe. as the best means of rendering government'on any other than the/. Viscount's old Peterlooi prin- ciples impossible. ,, »Thursday next is-the>'anni- versary of the-mutiny in Oude. Perhaps it may :henceforth..,berithe anniyer^ startling .,'"domestic 'insurrection. ,' , Meantime look: out for squalls, ? or at any rato for some ear splitting squalling, ère the world is a week i older. "V''"T^ .?"'."-*. '.' " ; . : "/".'lt'' .¡¡V'.,' 