HOUSE OF ASSEMRT.v TUESDAV. PiriT~pirT»r«¥- oc o'do'ck.SPEAKEn tO0k his se!rt at 2° minutes to 2 S ^L P^SENU presented a petition from Mr ^t^le^^^^^=res Received and road. THE RAILWAY GOODS CONTRXpt The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC \vJWcs Mr. A. BLYTH proposed that the paper bo rei.l »L^0Ith rVlel2Kle- and J. PickcringTof $„ I marsh, had been accepted as sureties. The paper was ordered to be printed. THE PETRIFIED ABORIGINE. Mr. 11AGAEEY asked the Commissioner of Cro--ii Lands whether he would take 'steM ?to n£ serve and prevcnt.the removal from the ttv of hat might Iw found on the Crown lands cunBSIt- « DUE ACCIDENT TO THE WONGA WOVP a Mr To\YNSENDundci4tood the V^nga Wonga tiistb°okernv0Wn' a?d- '« wW-ed to know what ^d^^sasr^ taking to sccure The T1£i-!A»s1T»i.'-p w,..i:_ i .i . Illpliif day the Benares had not arrived at ffion?s RnT so it might be presumed she wouldnot E hSftl tne message renclied Victoria. e ore MMmnff12^ CLASSIFICATION maKnen W IMdab W°Uld bc «lvcn tothSRSPS The TREASURER said the matfr was undnr consideration, and he would bc probabb^able Z give the hon. member an answer 'on the foftowirii! VALEDICTORY ADDRESS TO THE The SPEAKElSfflSfliad waited upon His Lxcc.lency the Governor to know when Kou! I numerous Mum* roare.1 LTl cpol ETwo ,y many convu sions that session. He couW ? JX mist be very damnifim* rn i.;^1:'V'ms.9lr- Jt fmmmM BBSytsssaissiSli poluy of the Go\ cement. He UrauiAi ! S ^™ Government,. The Hon Mr W- fnri.7,,.f i i ie is the hon. member hail used Rnini\^lcuIarly mente contained in his Mrlh,K9K?iihc. 8taU; ;hc matter in qucstioi HV w? lspc?chup0IJ hat the hon. member had made use oft™ '1 hrccof the m«nl«« S' »ff {?«. indignant at want or policy, vet tlio him #7 ? J *cr llH:ir last person who should Sfc1,1! movcr wa«.the (Hear.) While he fi,t hav? no^nW10'' in those members, did tlehin „, i onflllence hail licanl iliat Ik m in t he B 5 «r «*' He or tn enters In the liffi, 3 !S' iflPSTf onE about the most astonWiin^tftnir i. W was listened to. Upon the JiiiiiVw !.mg- h^ haU gver was aske-l to vote fir t c moUnn mm Sration h? that the speeches of U,c 'meSSSS of tl ^Ke,?rountl ment were antagonistic to u/clvotL ' ^^n1' agreed that upon that subject thn -vL» e fuj5 mmmm iiu^iit uu uuoMCd to make n f«w ?.»*.,.. T ? ing immigration. When th7^5? '»pect- upon the Question he waT out oVlSl^T Wia had been m town he should have voZf/oM 'f t points brought against the AlinisTry ifeSfd'thS* of the salaries had bec?f S.I If !hV/Ue8tlOn many subjects he had raked up He ITXm^ upon that question, Iwcause ^'believed I rtS ° ffi feTM^i lailwaj? ^'beallowedTtender. aid Srifh fe o -een n^ued t0 tendcr Ws mixmg in w ith the tenders, and creating a strife between thp partners. Then it was stated by the GovSnt that there were three tenders, in all of which Mr Fro'^wf ''tercKted. Hc might bc allowed to follows ?-' l-eari'KuPonthat point. It was m «o ',TrOTHI5,ED™ROI;'rHEK''-OWTER. n . i r~' 'fo tendered for this contract on the 2fith October. The date when these tenders should »«! in was .Monday, the 2Sth (ktoher, W i o'dock. !)e 'We sent our clerk to the office of thprvTmn.' s oner of Public Works about I ovfod? ***& ' October to enquire if we had obtained the tenff wm sufficient for WmVtaw?£tt fcsB p'k-. lt chens. & Co. hail not got it Martlni Oae-le- °n |Je,ffi|? °'l); ''' * »«-? ™» b«l no lento mll!Vilat confille»ce can we Imve, or wUat induce, ment /„, ns to Bo to the irouule of 'nJerini ? hen »e are treated in thi« manner? A /«& Jinnee ihonU, at all events have been riven fina -?,iin,'1?iai!!''i ' lhc '^'nmentTfrUS hi ™k. e''ell'r Tholc nmttc' »'W from inteSSSr of Su^Vo'T 'hC '''' °f 'bC am Works of Messrs. Fuller & Co. being interested in 2?j-i ^^mieiswe can only say that, so far i m*m -^ te? rtuiccmcd we have not given the? Wm -icr ™-r mS«b» Fuller* Co, or any oth- |4 I '. .r.oiirf'- . iorjtv to make such an assertior W^'fw ' --. a;1- .... communicated our intentions t mM ' ^r 1UThrtv i* at present only one partner - |-| . ;-?-. Vhu hemisphere who knows about thi |Bf| .-r~i|rV, ,1C u hi?Wy astonished and indij *£~ --3 -.r-sa' . ,-entleincn making any such -asse H&j; -;- -;;;£V to say the least, quite- unwai at '-???« - ; ?' Martin, Gaedechens, & Co.' ^3 i - Ii-nl a 'Ministerial statement flatly cor t*';l -^; p v.i no. and laughter.) Jf that wer St'sJ ~- ?'?''' ',« licti'ia. ne llil1 not ?£n.BW' what wai el '-' ne.l with the Principles laid down in tha W§ - °:n.tru-tL'.! the Treasurer would be able t Pi ''?'' low- Martin. Gaedechens, & Co., ha sjL-m .--n ; ,jlt ,,f as if they ha 4 never existed '?3 oV11'.'::1;,, rh.it two of the Minister* had mad i£l - ? : s '' , sdiioh hail Iteen distinctly denietL H 0M .-'=ie:f *h,i ha.l the Office of the Commit ©H ? '??''? ?'?; ? iV-'i/ic Works been doing for the last 1 iH ? 'i Tlit-v knew that the contract expired oi lfc% ? rC;, ,,f I-'eaiul*r. and they knew perfect! W~*'% : ?' * ? ' ? » - lively to take place, ^otwithstand ir-i ':11::,.l'...:ctlt!wtit was only within the las i\ I - '? : ':? .',i,ev entered into calculations to see wha fitvl '';';'. -r the - 'overnment to undertake tin te'3 ' ?.?.'Vm-clves. It showed gross negligent Sj-a ''''V matter to stand over so long. Alto §£'?! - v-\va- the strongest point the mover hat st. -| : ???'? ;: ' ?' ''«- v anything but satisfactory. Havini §cj -??.,. -han' he wisheil upon the point sMI*: 'i-'''iii' (.'pposition to oust the Govern Ifis '-ir:: '?'??. ir.M ''^ loo'c at l'ie other side o: sNi ''. ',-n He must look at the action of th- PH ? n mil itsprobable results. If themotior pi ' ',r- -,i the result would be that the hon. tin Warn .'?Jui.k-hanj.'e sides with the Treasurer. H( Hi '-?''??'??, on honoured with the hon. the mover's s§jl ^ 'v(. v, that lie did not know the course he fes ''?'ib-mr-ic He thought that the boa M ?'???'?;'';. ,hiiu!il enlighten them as to what his IN '-? :'Viri policy ivmlil be. All he could say was fcl '? i, sin'iiiil throw away an oldpairof Iwots ,1 : .!- »i:ri- be had a pair of new ones to put M ?' h- -hvalii like to know the policy the hon. pj ??„. .vr,i;;i hL« adherents intended to pursue; Ifii '??''-..? -.vi-h to follow their tail blintfly. The i^a . \'C in,iver was on the point of joining the I ??'?*-! i:ii-try. upon whom he now asked the 'V'';,; ..issavote of want of confidence. He :. thtli'ii member would explain that, as it , S\i liiemlwis' minds as to how they should '' :''\: ?,:.« also a stiange matter that' no one ..r'.i the new Ministry were to be. There i. ?;?..,:-?,. f ;i-pir.ints for office— (a laugh)— but . ': i.i« ;v!m were the chosen few. They were ., v -:.i:ciif perplexity. He must, however, .'-'-.? -|;i.-.v:i that those whom they wished to '-', : -ere wor-e than those they wished to put -' ;?' .: :;?-«? Ministry were chosen they must ko . :;.- iiiimioration question and tliat alone. -?. -isv.'A luMiblwol to borniw money, for they ' :i;i~ina' for the purpose; andtheywould * ;?.';. ... ??) ;ht; country. He hoped,' if the I .'??.?. a ..-re carried upon that question, the Go 1 '-' ?...:.: w- iilil not go out, but would recommend 1 -.?'.-: : ;ial to the country be made. (Hear.) 3 T ?: !!?-! re.iliy vote for immigration until he ,.u!!- --f iiiininunfcating with his consti ; '--. Hi- h»ped a dissolution would not take ?; -r Tiie Kleiionil Act wotu'«l have to be sent i '-- ri- i if tiiey had a dissolution they i . ; -??? the litnetit of the Klectpral Act. ; : .: ^:.'ii!i«l he should not like a dissolution. i ; :.ii 1; ? « as ijuite satisfied neither side would j ! -: ;-,??; witii his conduct, yet he was quite satis 1- j ::. :)ii- cv.ir-ie he should pursue. He thought . .: : ; ?.? -''i-l in moving the adjournment, for . ;?? i :;-.t.-!!i!vrs to think over the subject more . :::.::: they could on Friday last, when all .'.-. - i -tire of excitement. As the Ministers j ,^ u-o-vi'.i.roi censure hedid not voteforthem; ?; - . = ;;?.- -lid not agree with all the groumls by i -? r. :!:?? :r.':ion was supnorteil he should not give ??. . ? n--.-iri.in the benefit of Ins vote. Mr. Dutton ? ,..?;?.!.-: l.y inuigining a reconciliation between 'i . :.-.'.. mcmlier for Gumeracha and the Trea j .r ii-ir embracing each ether, exclaiming, j -.::.-. io'thcr, we have been both in the ?j .- .- 1- :- f.ir the lfcnefit of both— it is for the ,---?? ffhe »-n Id— that we should l-oth asrree' ::;w:- -ainl all soing merrv as a niarriage '!? v-vi'lil now give way to the Treasurer, \- ?- ?! ??Til.rless anxious to speak. ?I- i:.i-.«.»T ic.-'retted that the last speaker ???..-. -w in.'.ik' the speech he did— a speech so -it ..v.i by vacillation he never heard of r[ :? 1: appearc-l his colleague was angry be ..-?:;?.- --n« not asked what position he sliould : h. ?!?! in the contemplated new Ministry. ?- n -tii the most manly course was to vote ? - : . ? .iif -idi- or the other. It would be much -.::??; !;i:a f.» \ote as his speech would lead \- - :.. evpcit he woultl do— on the sideof the . .v iliaii not to \ote at all. If his hon. ?..-. ? had voted for the Government lie could . : - iir.vo a coach and four to fetch him., '??:' ' .ikTiilier had said no one was more in ? .-? ' iMMiarstion than he was, and that with .- ::.L!-Liti!ents there was an understanding ?.:.r ?.:!..: that tlioy were not to vote forimmi ,-?;.... tiia: -r--ion. Nov.- he gave his most un ^.r-iontrailictionto that respecting himself: . .- far ;.- tlu-ir speeches were concerned, lie .. r ...- :;...-t unqualified denial to any stub con :-.:;:?.' ij.vpic^ised therein. Undoubreilly \- ? :!.o -^eciioas took place there w;is great ???:.. :'i)'i there were many persons ; yiiijiloymenr. He was strongly of . ii.i-n that immigration should be j .-.;-;; m.l for how long he did not know. I . '?'?:?-? i:nt that their resources had lieen de | ;-??. ::.::: their whent harvest had increased, i .-.?:?!,. : their pastoral interest had extended, his ! ?.::. :: 5,vj|d [^ the same now. But as he found : : . -? thintTH. and found that sufficient men ' r. 'I N- had for the employments in the :.--. in.- rn'.ihl not say that immigration was not -:.:. i»ae of his constituents had applied at ^??iir office for four or five men, and could .-?-?: :-„--. When they saw such a* state of ..-?-. ii---heldth.it the Government should have ; '??nvapl with a settled policy upon the ques f :::nn!gration. He recollected the Attorncy r.i - -peech upon immigration. It led him -,;*-; that the Government would vote against \- n-i::npiion of immigration. He was therefore ..-? ::iuch -urprisal to find the Ministry voting on \--..:;:?; M.Ie a.s he -lid in favour of immigration. r- : :nri- iinent of the hou. member for Jiturt ?'? I'-.-Monck) undoubtedly pledged the House ? ?-:i:..:i the motion itself to resume immigra :h-l the Govennent, in voting for it, spoke ? ? -ii a;nl votal another. The next question -?!:.- H.K(thby affair. When he saw the Troa ??: i':uin2 forwanl, holding up higli views -r :;!i-- high constitutional law; and when he ? - :? r vard using language wbichhe thought must .'?jir :--:ii borrowed from a celebrated meetinuat r' '-?'- Hoom, and spoke against His Honor Judge ?? ::i... he could not help thinking that the ;.;--iiil-er considered place was of more value ? ???? p-indple. Those were two things about ? ''.: t iicre was such an amount of vacillation : v- i.-uiild not place such confidence in them as ?-iieil. Then there was the salaries question. -.- -kcl whether the Treasurer made a manly ? '- the charge made on that occasion. No; '? :..'.'l employed— he could not sav that— well, ?- !i'H. member for West Torrens had moved a ??n tantamount to moving the previous qurc '??-. which was carried. The stigma, however, rested upon them, and the matter wa.- as ?.r.. xs it was the day it was agitated. The Trea ?-: -:ated that it was an agreement of the Minis ?? :iiat they hhould receive iS(KJ each. When he '. the Treasurer had carried out that distinct ? ; li.iunurable arrangement for a twelvemoptb, ' : when he afterwards found, without any inti ?'???.;. .;i to the House, the arrangement was broken ?v-'uh, and that Ministers went out of power vtiiiiieir full monev in their pockets, he could : ???'?-? that the Ministers ha-I his confidence. '? *a- nut a matter of pounds, shillings, and i-.v,;; but he considered when the Treasurer -j'le'.he House acquainted with such an arrange -«:, it was eqwally his duty to eome forward \- ?! -i::ur that they had detennine-l upon making -;h.;iiit-, an.! dmw their full salaries. The Com ? ?-i'tK-r of Public Works had made a personal *:-k u[-on him as to the position he occupied in ? : -mc-r Government, and charged him with \- a.' lowered himself by accepting the office of iniiiisinner of Crown Lands. He a-lmitteil that -:;.u| l.'weredhiniself; but he considered the Trea -'«? hait not acted as he should in allowing his ???«»-ue to make such a statement, knowing the '.^nation of circumstances which induced him r^ke the office. The Commissioner of Public ? ri- knew as well as the Treasurer that it '-? ,-t the distinct request of the Treasurer -?: i.e look ofliee. He had been asked day after ,-?. in.l i: was only as a personal friend of the ???si-urcr's that he accepted the office which it liad jm -nid he had degraded himself in accepting. -F niitiK some remarks as to why the Government -Mui the Commissioner of Public AVorks. He ? jppc»e.l he was chosen as their whipper-in to do -' tiitir dirty work— he did not mean to make that :t;-ii.-k in its offensive acceptation. The Hon. the ' ?:-:iav-;«Jner had charged him with being a '*7« -.; practice without ability. He preferred t« -1'- Mttic* without ability than be devoiil »f ?:-!-',i laugh.) His friend the hon. member for ' ft-: Torrens had also made some amusing re ;-»rk- upon him. He recollected when he was :u -h yuunger than he was now going behind the -tncs of a theatre— of course he would not do Sjj * thing now-^(a laugh)— and seeing the ^host 1 nanikt make a verj' funny joke, anddnnka '*t'f p.,r;er. Much as he was horrified then he ?-. !!'-ti;« e horritied than wlien he heard iokes 1 ; ,r;uri- coming from the hon. ? member r .« t-t Torrens. He placed the honi'. ?^'??icr on a par with die ghost of -Hamlet. ? -1 not make those remarks offensively, ;? ^ certainly did not expect to hear wit and : -'Wey flowing from that gentleman. He was ;? ???m- anxious to take the office of Attorney . '?; ?-.-!!. .-mil it might l-e filled without him. He -'?i-d .u!it the A'.torney-Gcneral, or the Com ? ;'rir - if Crown I-inds, who seemed willing to -i'1! i.ffire in any Government, culd be prevailed ,.' ? to take the office. He had expected his : .'.iic Attornev- General ^vould have shown '- n:.h -ratesmarilike ability in dealing with the ??-^'?naliL-h might be expected from an Attor ?;.--'-'--!ieral, instead of making a vigorous attack .??* ???\»ie lion, the mover. He asked whether any -'?'''-?r were right in making known private con ;---;.;..ik if the private -statements of hon. u ??'»:r- were to be brought forward in that ;?: -». li- would ask how they were to have con ?e^--- iu each other. When the pev Ministry ; '\ '???- :» it was time to state their policy: there was ;? ' '-a-s-iiy for stating it beforehand. He thought ? ;.'f ' »aid more than he intended to say, but ? -^i Ujund to come forward to state what his ???*-. and feelings were. He regretted when the !'?-?- ,5-*fetary formed the Government he did not i?1.) ' 'on- member for Gumeracba (Mr. A. ''!''anu hi» friend the hon. meml»er for Unka ^??-HiMr. Milne) instead of the two that had , uri th'iM-n. But when he found the Attomey ,':'ilT'11 t-'ining forward and defending the Com ??^??ntr (,( public AVorks— when he saw the . ''iiijt.if the Government respecting theallega ,j, ;?: U'M had been made, and the vacillating way ; ' ' 'iMtiess of the country had been carried on, ?f t'h' wsav lllc time had come when the majority 'icil V use shonld ^ass a vote of want of con v' :r- PARKIN said originally it was not his in i.-(i,.i'u t0 ^y an- thing. He had hoped the debate .-.?if 'J have ended on Friday. He thought, how , .. ' ''^that it was right he should say a word -I . ','; ' nen he first had the honour of a seat in , f ' ' ,use he endeavoured to seek that amount h'.-p1* '.n which he expected. He had often, .-j^.'^ listened to debates with feelings of sad fiiri, ? ^ °fte.n heard conversations and re i-ffa* ons 's^ m place of good arguments and *« the ur¥0Iy- The question before the House Sres*n»\r- e ^ousc had no confidence in the ?tvJ,?,- Iimstr-'- That was a wide and sweeping *hatev ? say tnat Iie nmi no confidence Kienr r ln tne Ministry was against his con niotiiSr am' he ^u1'1 n°t therefore vote for the iath. ?'. To ^y that ue 'ad unlimited confidence ?sen m!°Tei7?ment wouI(l aLs0 ^ wron?- He ha-l I*ic«S? ch ^satisfied with tlie present Ministry's -ite^ ** regMding many things. But the ^^wn arose, if they tunna tiwGwenuacat 9ttt nX^Lnl,M8lng from past experience, all 1 poucy would be contrary to the wfchp* nf ti latlvVeei^ f T|le «ub^ct of ^^Sio°n h mi^inn ff ltateU' Some werc iu favour of it ffnf ,Bt- a,^' amoi'it, and others were 3J ?f,aJudicious expenditure. He did n sSm of n^^t JusJ»fietf in voting for a lar, K£u2 JR2ney f0r tllL- l'»I)Oses of iimnigratiS cSn t^nt mcmtierawere returned on tl enmLi i tnat immigration should not be r 3 iat p,reseut- c Thc ,onl-' inference th f?n -.-e -lrawn from tlie conduct of tl Opposition was that they were aspiring after t greed of office-it was a f selfish piece of Wsfne from beginning to end. If he had the abiUty of Punch He would caricature the present atom, something in the following mannert-He wou &SSf;'IIsh en? OsUI;c' ins,ille whwli he would pi tigures representing the salaries the several Min ters were entitle, to Endeavouring to scale ?j slfouKfVP bHrIy P'80,!1' stan5inB 'Pont the USfl'Rire(i Hien- onebearingaslipouwhic l.Mrif J Burra \ vas wn«en; another a sli bearing the name of 'Port;' and the third with lumt T/^^-V^x11'^ fi««re «»ning low ouattho Mfn^1*'0 He,tSo»ght t»e attempt t £i,ir ? '7-™ that the ---PPOsitioni=!( five USoS}«n mid ?!t VSry conifortably for fou ? rp-uK™? % receive the salaries, an.l then 1j th?7n^r,linythlng «h« ''Slit be turned up. J t n«« , -m -Yerti ca?led he sllouI(l fccl disposed t vemment 1Otl°n a8ainst the incom'»S (;« on^;^'NKE^^LL,said' as he intended tovot ?o «v Aor th.e 'thPr- he slloul(l fcel il his dut 4p ini?« %°^S' Governments had nothing t Wft°rthTof hls acceptance, and he should 1101 vnhK? if ac5used of aspiring after office. H m « S \ f e *1 ovt'rnment when he thought the S,7t' and opposed them whenever he Ix non^'^.lT™? WI?n*. He VOtCtl WIth the mi lonty on the immigration question, not becaus lie did not want population, but because he didntj »isn to see«au indiscriminate flow of immigrant nere% Ue thought it was a very unusual course n he Government to speak on one side an.l vote oi tlie other; but nothing very criminal had bcei clone, because the motion only compelled the con sideration of the subject. He was one of tha number who gave counsel to the Chief Secretary A laugh.) He was one of those who advised tha tie present Commissioner of Crown Lands shouh -e retained in preference to the hon. memlier fo Gumeracha and his friend the hon. mcmlwr f.» Onkaparmga (Mr. Milne). He had noticed tha tlie hon. member for Gumeradia bad not looke. so plea^nt since; but other circumstances migh have arisen to depress his .spirits. He admitted tin conduct of the Government respecting the good [Uestion was rather unseemly. A member of tin inu of Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. waited upoi mm asking him to call at the office to see tin other partner. He did so, an.l that gentlcmai stuted tliat he felt dissatisfied with the conduct oi lie Government, and especially with that of th- Commissioner of PuMic Works, who, he said made a verbal statement on the 2sth of Octolhii that a tender was accepted, and who, on the 5t! ot JNovemlHir, denied that any tender was accepted me gentleman also stated that they bad no con nection with Mr. Fuller, and that their tirm hat nail many dealings with continental Government! — inanv of them despotic-but had never beei; treatetl so badly as they were by thc South Aus tralian Government. (Laughter.) He had n. nouut the Treasurer could reply to what he had just mentioned. He gave the conversation as il was given to him. He did not think the mattei could be properly settled without the appointmeul of a belcct Committee, or some other tribunal to investigate the charges which had been made. Il was scarcely right to hurl any allegations against the Government unless those charges were ciearlv made. (Hear.) He thought it to be his duty, considering the whole merits of the case, to vote with the Government. He had paired oil' on Friday on account of illness. Mr. MILDKED was desirous of supporting the Government to carry out a system introduced by ic .treasurer. He should waive all minor points f satisfied on two or three leading questions which lie would state. He fully agreed with the state ment that had been made respecting discrepancies made by the Treasurer. He fully agreed with what had been said about the vacillating conduct of the Government; at their votine one wavand speaking another; at their want of honour respect ing the salaries question. The TKHASUiiEli rose to order. Such a re mark could not be allowed according to ths Stand ing Orders. The SPEAKER said no one could impute motives. Mr. MILDKED— An honourable compact had been entered into, and if that compact had l-een broken, it was the duty of thc Treasurer to reconcile tlie matter. In the early part of the session the general exiicctation was that the_ Government, having removed the ad valorem duties, would come forward with a system of txxation framed upon a basis calculated to benefit all classes of the com munity. He bad waited for that, and had been disappointed up to that time. That was one of the reasons why the motion was tabled. The motion, in fact, was laid more against the Treasurer t)r not having fulfilled his promise. If he had Tntered into a statement as to his views on the subject, he might have had one or two converts. If the Treasurer's scheme of taxation was tangible and good, he would get supporters; but if it was worthless, it would be rejected. It must be con fessed, however, with respect to the Government sahiries, that that part of the contract by which he had purchased popularity wag of great importance; and the Treasurer, like the head and manager of the firm, having made a contract, had for a time carried it out ; but after this, he .retained the money in his hands, and unscrupulously applied the ? The TPwEASUKER rose to order. Thc hon. meml-er was accusing him with unscrupulously applying the public funds to some purpose or other. The SPEAKER ruled that the use of the term was not in order. Mr. MILDKED continued— The complaint was that the Treasurer had done as he (Mr. Mildred) had said; but be hoped that the whole of the transactions would be explained to the satisfaction of the House. If the Hon. the Treasurer could ex plain the matters he had alluded to, including the unbusiness way in which the ramifications con nected with the railway contracts had been trans acted, he would Ik* prepared to vote with the Ministry, and such an explanation might have the effect or converting some other hon. members who were at present opposed to them, li, however, the impressions on his mind respecting the conduct of the Ministry could not Iw removed, he would be obliged, though reluctantly, to vote against them. The TREASURER was afraid he would not lie able to satisfy the hon. member ior East Torrens or to allay his scruples. It would appear from his statement that if some scheme of taxation to which he bad referred could be brought forward by him (the Treasurer), so as to satisfy that hon. member, be would set aside all the other matters upon which the House had been making such a rumpus, and that he would vote against the motion. He was not disposed, however, to travel lwyond the record, but would confine himself to the questions which had been so frequently raised during the debate. The hon. member for' the Light (Mr. Lagot) had charged the Attorney-General with a breach of confidence in stating that the hon. member for Gumeracha had said that he had no object to join the present Ministry; but this was no secret, but a matter of perfect notoriety, which bad been stated over and over again both in the House and out of the House, as Veil as by the press. Everyl-ody knew it. Tlie hon. member for Gumeracha— who now came l«fore the House with a motion of a want of confidence in the Ministry— had very re cently shown that he had no objection to row in the same toat, and take pot- luck, as the saying was, with tlie rest. All that he seemed to care about was to obtain a seat on the Government side of the House. So long as he could get that he cared not for anything else; he was not at all ambitious of the honour— no, he would not say honour, for, of course, there was no honour on the Government side of the House. Then, with regard to the arrangements referred to respecting the formation of the Ministry, they were made at a meeting— a public meeting he called it— of the members of that House, called lry the Chief Secretary. It was never intended nor understood to* have been a private meeting, and therefore there was no breach of confidence in what the lion, member had said. Tlie hon. mem ber must have forgotten the facts of the case. Some change must uave come over the spirit of his dream— his memory must have been a little at fault— as it was when he was behind the scenes, and saw the ghost of Hamlet, instead of the ghost of Hamlet's father. (Laughter.) The hon. member for Gumeracha had evidently been watching his opportunity for some time, and having ascertained that a misunderstanding ex isted amongst those who usually supported the Government, he had consulted with his friends, who cried out, 'Now is the time to get into their seats: now is the time to table a vote of a want of confidence in the Ministry.' The hon. member complimented him (the Treasurer) only about five weeks ago upon Ids return to his seat on the Go vernment side of the House, which he had held nearly two sessions, though the hon. member at that very time knew all about the salaries, though he complimented himself for having found it out. He (the Treasurer) regretted, however, that the hon. member for the Burra and Clare (Mr. Dale) had expressed his intention to vote for the motion, lie having had the manliness and candour to inform the House respecting the conversation which had taken place between them privately, and his ne glect to ask in the House what course the Govern ment intended to pursue. But the course taken by certain hon. members in regard to this question was quite unworthy of them; and indeed he never knew anything more unmanly and contemptible in hi.-, life. (Oh, oh.) Why, he had been 20 years in the colony, but had never before been accused of dishonourable conduct. It ap peared, however, that thc Opposition, seeing the session drawing to a close— seeing five months of repose before them, with a salary of j£900, with no necessity of declaring their policy— were deter mined to do what they could, right or wrong, to oust the Ministry; in order that they miriit get into their seits. They would thus secure their positions for at least five or six months; and even at the end of that time it would be hardly worth their while to commence the session with any definite policy, for they could say, 'We don't mind going out of office now, having enjoyed five months' salary during the recess.' AVitn regard to the salaries question, it was said that a contract had been entered into with the House; but what were the facts ? A Bill was introduced with a view to regulate the salaries of the Ministry,, and passed through that House. But it was rejected by the Legislative Council, and consequently did not be come law. It was then urged that the salaries should be reduced, and he was charged with acting a part. The Ministry' thereupon determined to refund to the Treasury all the amount beyond £S00 a year. They were obliged to draw the full amount, and this practice was followed by even the hon. member for Onkaparinga (Mr. Milne) during the time that he occupied a seat on the Treisurv tenches. When, however, the question respecting the drawing of full salaries, was first mooted thc lion, member for Onkapannga (Mr. Milne) stated his intention to take action m the House upon the matter, when he (the Treasurer) reminded him that the late Ministry refunded £b00. But there had been no expression of opinion upon the subject in the House. It was a voluntary state ment on the part of the Ministry of their intention to drawn £SiK)a yearjonly ; and as to their intentions toreturntotheifformersystem.itwasaverj'delicatc subject for the Government to introduce to the House, T.fcey bad, UQwever, requested, gne « tw-j — ? ? ? . ? . ? i. hon members to take action in the matter ar J- the Auditor- General was requested to keen tl t matter in abeyance in the interim fit beiS M- ie a difficult thing to draw money out of tl i- Treasury after it had been once paWn. (Laudite n The hon. member Mr. Bagot had charged him «ri g in the habit of tnmm ng his sails to the win e iS2wOled^atthSlibiect h«Ae his vote withthl™ d JnnTirfehati !t, Tuld- KS?]t in breaking up f- imp It hlch !lad beml m existe'ce for so long i & m, i vas- st^n-ea that a complaint shoSl ? nf»n^ade agdin.st him on that ^ore. The hoi e K^* mUst hare forK°«?n all the circumstana ! lme-^' or hc \0U(l not have alluded t e rh^iiS the mann.er »h? had done- He was sorr e that, little matters had been brought into the dh t r«n'but k Sh-owed the desperate ciTofthos b Thn« fuT °,an,xiou? t0 °'st the present Ministn ? nf L . y had endeavoured to rake upavariet e ot small matters, hoping to succeed by tho* s means in effecting their ends; as, for instance b t S5 n the, statement made by himself k 1 SEis«fVf ^^ wh*om hc- '^ mention* 1 nstead of Mr Knchauff in mistake. The hon frh *f h )f th? ,W 0Ir- D,utton) ha-l refe™ \- to tlie letter published as an advertisement in tin '? ffeais'er by Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. H \- tnougiit the hon. member when he commence! i had intended to have shown that the Jettcr in ques I S?,V Jf ™7-faUa«9us- , H-- regarded it as such i ami was still of opinion that there was an under standing between that firm and Fuller &-*- respecting the railway contracts, and he was con inned in this because he had learned that neitliei I y™! u p-ut in a disclaimer of there bavin; been no collusion and that this fact ha.l induce? tlie Hon. Mr. Solomon to withdraw his motiuf . for the appointment of a Select Committee on the ? subject. (Hear, bear.) But why was not r disclaimer obtained from Mr. Mou-itjny Wht 'il hiCCaiise h,Vvas ,reliltC(1 t0 Mr- *'«lter: th . Ar i'an llcar(1from the Manager of Railways ' ;„;» f' ?''!eir ha(1 InmseIf affirmed that he was . n^f-iMdAnftlV?ntral:.t ,Th,e hon. member foi ( the City (Mr. Bakewell) had stated upon the , vKSrV^VT of H in?'nbers of the firm o i,[ V, ' ^f r 1.ec.henRl & Co- thatthey had no interest m X uller & Co.'s contract But would that gentle 1 Ihrf1 ?y$* FV'cr &^°- lla(l uo interes ii, theirs? (Hear, hear.) He regarded the whole HS»|lcoI»l»fMj;«o deprive the Government of £2,000 a year. (Oh, oh.) With respect to the motion before the House, if it had not been foi the action of the Hon. the Speaker the House would have had no time for further discussion alter iriilay last, and tlie Government would have nad no time for reflection upon the subject The lion. meml-er for Gumeracha had unexpectedly thrown in a tremendous bombshell into the Mini sterial camp, and bad given the Ministers only two days notice of their political death. But he was very much surprised at the conduct of the hon member for the Burra (Mr. Kingston), in calling for a division before one half of the members of the Government ha.l spoken upsn the question ma tliat hon. member occupied hi* former position the Government would have had no respite on the previous Friday. The hon. member for Gumeraclia (Mr. A. Blyth) had shown great anxiety to serve the interests of Mr. Fuller, and had stated that be knew him well, bavin' had many transactions with him. One would suppose from tba hon. member's speech— though he did not mean to say tliat it was so-but any one would imagine that the hon. member was the trustee or agent, or something of the kind of Fuller. He talked about him as a sharp, shrewd, clever man of business, but never mentioned Fuller and to. Oh, no. It w;is all Fuller. Fuller, Fuller from the beginning to the end. He had had many transactions with Fuller, and he was evi dently very desirous that Fuller should have the contract. It had been said that as there were Pienty of drays to be obtained the Government should have taken the cartage into their own Iiamls ; but this could not be done with drays alone without ;i particular class of horses, such as thu nrmof duller &Co.; possessed, but which it was not an easy matter for the Government to obtain, but the hon. member complained that the Govern ment had given tlie contract to Hill, and not made ai; oiler to Fuller. ('No, no; to the public') Well, then, to the public. But what were the facts.' Ihree tenders were sent iu— all from the same party. The Government had previously ad vertised for tenders, but only one was sent in, by Hoyt. Fuller \ Co. knew tins, and that Hovt hail since sent his plant to -Tew Zealand. It wits also known to the Government that the three tenders afterwards sent in were all from the same party. }\ hat, then, would have lieen the effect of re lV?,mg t,o.,acc.ePt .tlie tender afterwards made by Hill.1 Why, if Hill's tender had been withdrawn the ditierences which then existed between him and the other members of the firm might have l-een settled, and the Government would then have been left to the mercy of Fuller. But this Mr. Fuller had on former occasions caused considerable confusion in the Government service, though he was admitted to lie a very shrewd sharp man of business. The Government would have been at the mercy of this man had Hill's contract nnt been accepted. It was rather a mercy that these men fell out, for it had the result of saving to the public at least i;i200 a year. The Govern ment received an amended tender from Fuller and Co. with regard to the time of the contract, and another from Mr. Hill, and they chose that which was tin.- most advantageous to the Ciiimtry. The hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. A. ?Blvth).|when he read the letter of Mr. Hill, did so with such a contemptuous smile upon his lips, as would lead one to suppose that be regarded Fuller as one of the mo.-t high-minded men in the province. Did he still think so? Tlie hon. member would say yes, for fear of what was coming. It appeared that when the parties contemplated a dissolution of partnership, that Fuller wanted £5M) for his share in the concern. Also that Mr. Hill offered to give him iM.rrfio, though aware that it was worth only iM.oOO. It further appeared that, through the intervention of Mr. Hare, the terms were agreed upon, by which Hill was to pay £i3,i)0i). and on the Saturday £'1,O(H) was paid down, Fuller promising to lend Ins assistance in carrying out the contract as a peace-offering to Mr. Hill, 'But what did this high-minded, shrewd, and clever man of business do? Why, on thc Monday morn ing following he sent a gentleman to him (the Treasurer), stating that he bad sold his share in the contract, and asked that the Government would enter into a fresh contract with him self. (Oh, . oh.) This was the gentleman whom the hon. member talked about so much, and who got out of his former contract upon the plea that he was going to England to see the Great Exhibition, or some other purpose. (No, no. Yca.) He had authority for stating that such was the fact. However, he was very much sur prised at the proposal made by Fuller to him through his friend, and he referred the latter to the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works. It ap peared, however, that this shtcwd and sharp man of business was for once outwitted. Though the hon. member for Gumeraeha (Mr. A. Blyth) 'might still persist in saying that the Government had done wrong in regard to the contracts, the whole transactions showed that one of the best things that could have happened was the breaking up of the firm of Fuller \ Co., for it had saved the country at least i'2,3K) a year. Had the Govern ment refused »o accept Hill's contract there would have been some cause for the tabling of motion of a want-of -confidence in the Ministry; but the truth was that certain lion. meml-ers bad made up their minds that the present Ministry should go out and themselves go into office upon any plea, or without any reasons whatever, so that they could get into their places. The lion. memlKjr for Onkaparinga hail said that this had been a very barren session, hut he supposed the hon. meml-er would not. dispute the fact that there had lwen a good deal of discussion— he would not dispute it that there ha-l been some speeches made of great power, anil he (the Treasurer) would add that there had also been speeches made which were very feeble, and by the same individual. (Laughter.) Well, then tiie lion, member could only enumerate four Bills introduced during the session. He feared the lights and shadows which hail crossed the hon. gentleman's memory had caused a slight aberration of intellect. He seemed not to be at all aware that ?21 or£2 Bills had l-cen introduced duringthe session. Then they had had the great Boothby debate, which haij so disturlwd the community in general, and in particular his hon. friend opposite (Mr. Townsend). And in addition to tins there had been a great deal of striving and struggling for place; there had been three changes of Ministry, and four 'attempts to defeat them besides. The hon. member for Onkaparinga had stated that he (the Treasurer) could no longer have his support. He regretted this, and also that thc hon. member should have thought and said that the Treasurer had not that large grasp of intellect which was necessary in a leader of the House. He would reply to this, that he did not pretend to lead the House ; but could declare with humility that he had maintained his seat in consequence of the' kind support which he had received from his friends, to whom he was much indebted for their indulgence. But if thc hon. member for Onka paringa (Mr. Towiiscnd) supposed, himself pos sessed of' that vast and capacious soul— that pon drous intellect— as would enable him to deal off handed, and without forethought and calm con sideration, with all the various questions likely to occupy the attention of the Ministry— if he sup potcd himself possessed of the ability and states manship of a Palinerston or a Derby, hc (the Treasurer) would be happy to give up his position to him, upon one condition, however— namely, that the House agreed to the change. (Hear and laughter.) Upon all ordinary occasions he would be willing to give place to any other hon. member in whom the House reposed more confidence than iu himself, though he did not like to do this just at the end of the sessiont when there would be no opportunity of testing his ability to conduct the public business of the country to the satisfiiction of the House; and he very much questioned whe ther the hon. member would be so willing to take office at the beginning of a session as at present. The hou. member had said that he (the Treasurer) had shown a greater eagerness for office than any other member of the House. AVell, he could only siv in reply that he had never asked to be ad mitted into office. Could thc hon. member say the same? He (the Treasurer) had been asked on four separate occasions to accept office, and had refused. Could the hon. member say the same? I He (the Treasurer) had nover solicited the favour I of sitting by the side of another hon. member on ! the Treasury benches. Could the hon. member say thc same? (Laughter. He could say a great deal more to the same purport. [Mr. Townsend— 'Goon.') No, hc would not do so, but would spare tlie hon. member. ? He really did not wish him any harm, and sincerely hoped, in considera tion of the great Boothby debate, that another such discussion might not take place during that session, for fear that the mighty intellect of the hon. mem lwr should be affected thereby.^ (Laughter.) He had spoken longer than he liad intended, but there was one other subject to which he would refer, j The hon. member for Light (Mr. Bagot) had complained of the remarks made by the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works in refe- j rcnee tc the position formerly occupied by the hon. member in his connection with the Ministry. The Hon. the' Commissioner of Public Works might not have been aware of the fact, but he (the Trea- ; surer) readily admitted having solicited the hon. ; member for tlie Light to act with bun m the com- I paratively subordinate office of Commissioner of Crown Lands, and that after repeated solicitations the hon. member consented to occupy a position which might be considered detrimental to him. He considered this explanation due to the hon. member, and ho also felt bound to state that he was sorry that when a Ministerial change took place that he was deprived of the hon. member s services. With regard to thc motion before the House, if hon. members had lost all confidence in fhe Ministry he hoped they would express it by their votes. He would be prepared to abide by the action of the House. Mr. MILNE complimented the Hon. the Trea surer for the recovery of his good humour, for on the previous Friday be was in a feverish state of excitement. But he had since then been able to bring all those little influences to work which the Government so well knew how to command. .He I would not say much upon the style of the hon. 1 member's speech. H« bad, however, all ajgpg I f been very facetious, and had indulged in pen . unities, and I had also inuendoed his remai respecting the action taken by the hon. inemr ; *or Gumeracha with respect to the railway cc lm, m,a manner which was extremely discred i j able U- him. He was perfectly satisfied that 1 ? j non. friend hail no i«rsonal interest in the railw ! contracts and that he had been only actuated I : considerations of a public character. The bo . . menilwr for the Light (Mr. Dutton) had coi ? Plained that ha liad not been consulted i ispectmg the future Ministry, and had consequence determined not to vote on th j occasion. The conduct of that hon. member w ; very extraordinary, and betrayed a want of moi I courage by no means creditable to him. Varioi I Poje^lons had been made to the motion befo | tlie House. It was said to be unmanly, unp.i . iiamentary, and other complaints of that kind we I {nanc; but the Ministry were like thc man whow; ; Ijemg flogged-whether they flogged high or to' j tins way or that, there was no such thing ; pleasing them. (Laughter.) With regard to tl salaries, he considered the Hon. the Treasurer v;, indebted to the great weight attached to his origin , statement upon the subject for the position he no | iielif. He gained credit throughout the country c axoant of his expressed determination to cutdow the salaries, including these of the Ministry. TI language in effect was, the salaries of the Ministe are too high; only put me into olfice and I wi reduce them. But having done this, he then-ui Known to the House— drew his salarv from tt commencement of the financial year* at the fu rate named in the Civil List. He maintained tin tins was a breach of faith with the House. AfK saying that £S!io was enough, he then, when feelin ins position to Ikj, as he supposed,' quite safi declared that it would not be worth his while to d the duties of his ofliee for £800 a year, (Hea near.) it was the lion, member's principal polk to I rim Ins sails to the wind so as to retain orlki fmt n he (Mr. Milne) could only induce him to d penance for a time on the opposite side of th House, he believed it would be for the good of th country. (Laughter.) The hon. member for We? lorrens (Mr. Magarey) had said that the quekio of salaries was only a matter of a few pounds. 11 was astonished at this statement. It was a matte of principle and of honour, and he was surprise tnat the hon. member's moral vision was so defei reias not to see this. Hon. members on that sid of the House were charged with attempting to ge into office at any cost; but if there was member who showed a determination to keei office at any cost, it was the Hon, the Trea surer, who, on all occasions, regarded ever other consideration subordinate to this. Th' hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay), who wa one of the stanchest supporters of the prcsen Government, had attempted to explain away thei errors, but had signally failed. As to the niilwa contracts, the Government ought not to be depen dent upon any party. Why ivas not the conlrac divided so as to have given the Port goods cartagi tp one contractor, that to Gawler to another, am that to kapuiuh to a third.' The members of Go vemment had talked aliout having saved the country £2,2011 a year; but they bad done npthinj ot tlie sort. Ho had no terms of contempt to- strong to express the haggling huckstering conduc of the Government in regard to the contracts. A: to the question of immigration, he was surprise, at the conduct of the Government, which was si very inconsistent and contrary to their express opinions upon the subject Hc maintained thai tlie Government were now pledged to prepare and bring forward :i measure upon the Sub ject. He would not form part of anj Government opposed to immigration ; bill there oujjit to be something like consistency in the Government upon the subject. The hon. memlier for thu Uuira (Mr. Dale) had declared hi.- determination not to siip|x-rt any Ministrv pledged to carry out a system of inunigration. It 'had been said that the lion, member was inconsistent in opposing the Government on the present occasion. He, bow-ever, thought otherwise. The hon. mem ber might succeed in getting a Government ap pointed consisting entirely of members opposed to immigration Then, again, the Hon. the Treasurer had stated distinctly when the present Ministry lirst came into office that they were all upon aii equal iooting-that there was no Premier. He had no doubt but that this revolutionary opinion emanated from some meml-ers of the Ministry who could not bear the idea of being placed in a subordinate position; but the existence of a Pre mier was absolutely indispensable to the existence of the Ministry itself, and no Cabinet could exist without it. It was the duty of the Prime Minister to state what was the policy of the Government with which he was connected; and when members of tlie Government were unable to carry it out, they werc bound to resign. \- Mr. GRUNDY was exceedingly sorrry to be compelled to vote for the motion oi' a want of con fidence in the Ministry. He remembered that there was a gre.it debate respectin}; the Ways and Means and at the time he was very much startled at bearing the extraordinary doctrine propounded by the Hon. thc Treasurer respecting the imports and exports of the colony, and he ?elt compelled to take notice or it, in what he meant to have been a telling speech, though it was not a telling one in the sense he intended it to lie. He wished linn to have understood thai he was watched as to his career, and that was the fir-*? «tei» towards the want of confidence be felt in the Minis try. He bad expected at that time that the Minis try would have been able to say, as the Russians did at the commencement of the recent campaign, \\\ e are the modern Roman?.'— but he was sadly disappointed. On the occasion of the Booth bv debate he supposed he was supporting the Minis try; but be was very nuidi surprised indeed at the opposite and contradictory course pursued by the Ministry on the 1st of August and on the 2nd of Octolwr: and he now asked the Hon. the Trea surer if he could in his conscience be surprised at a want of confidence felt by the Hon»c in the Ministry. Well, then, after this, the Hon. the lreasurcr came forward with that detestable Chinese Bill. He saw through the design of the Ministry. It was intended to have acted as an excuse for not introducing immigration from England, by letting into the province those detestable Mongolians, who-would compete with the English workmen at 4s. or 3s. per week. It was a mo.st flagrant act of injustice towards the labouring classes of the colony. Was ho not then justified in saying that he had no confidence in the present Ministry? It would be remembered how on a recent occasion he gave the Ministry a severe philippic, but he felt at that time disposed to give them another chance, and the votes of himself and of his lion, colleague saved them that day. But he little dreamt at that time that the salaries of three lion, members of the Ministry had been raised to £},HV) a year, or he would have voted against them. Plien there was the persecution of Air. Woods The vote of the House showed that the Govern ment had done wrong to that gentleman, in addi tion to the unnecessary expense which had re sulted from their conduct. Could he, then, be blamed for voting on a motion of a want of conti ilence in the Ministry? Hc admitted that the Hon the Treasurer was a very active and industrious man; but something more than that was require! to secure the confidence of the House. Then, with regard to the immigration question, he never was more astounded in his life than when the Govern ment declared their intention to vote for a motion of major force, having just before voted for a motion of minor fore; on that question. As to the government contracts, when the subject was first mooted he went at once to Mr. Fuller and learnt all about the affair for himself. He informed that L'entleinan who he was, and told him that the matter required to be cleared up. Mr. Fuller was very obliging, and allowel his clerk to copy the whole of the correspondence iiixin the subject. Having obtained the copies he studied them well, artd he was satisfied that Mr. Fuller had been unfairly treated bv the Govern ment to the damage of the country. The Hon. the Treasurer had referred to the arrangements, and some of the junior members of the Cabinet bad stated that Mr. Hill possessed two-thirds of the plant. It was nothing of the kind. The three partners had equal shares in the concern, and tlie contract was worked by the capital of Mr. Fuller. (Hear, hear.) Was, then, the conduct of the Government in this affair calculated to retain bis confidence or to win it .back again? Then, again, an attempt was made by the Hon. the Commis sioner of Public Works to represent one of the members of the firm as a beggar before the con tract wits taken. The COMMISSIONER .of PUBLIC WORKS rose to explain. He never said anything of the kind. He only mentioned what he had heard, and fthen he was corrected he admitted the error. Mr. GRUNDiT continued— The Government aught to have known, and had the means of knowing that Fuller deposited title-deeds to the raluc ot £8,IKM) as security for the fulfilment of the :ontraet. With regard to the suggestion that tlie Government should have taken thu contract into their own hands, he lwlieved that it would be a rery disastrous affair if they attempted it. He re membered, when visiting the Plymouth Dockyard, talking to a very intelligent person, who pointed to x block, which he said cost the Government 7s. (),]., but which could be obtained in the town from a private yard for 2s. (id. ; and this was an illustration [-f the extensive manner in which the Government usually conducted the business they took in baud, fhe speech of thc Hou. Commissioner of Public Works reminded him of thc saying of Cicero's ,'randfather. (Laughter.) Speaking of thc slaves, lie said thc more Greek they knew thc more knavish they were. With regard to the disclosure pretended to be made with reference to Martin, Liaedechens, ti Co., the Treasurer could not pre tend to say that he was aware of it when the trick —as he must call it— was played on Fuller & Co. [Hear, hear.) Instead of attempting to defend themselves the Ministers attempted^ to malign their supposed successors. It was complained that the motion designed that those who had toiled durin' the session should be turned out; but who had toiled? Did the Attorney-General toil? and, if so, what was the amount of his labour?- to sit and give advice, and to make an occasional flowing speech. What had the Com missioner of Public Works (Mr. Lindsay) done? He (Mr. Grundy) bad attempted to find him work, but lie was so indifferent to his business that he could not answer a question as to the nay of men in some of the establishments in his department. He had also handed in some very defective rail way returns. That did not look like vigorous con duct, but be had great respect for the young gentle man notwithstanding. (A laugh.) His appoint ment was a fraternal affair, for which his brother clubbist (the Attorney-General) deserved the credit— (Oh, oh)— but as he was willing to go out he deserved to 1m- complimented at least for prudence. Hc (Mr. Grundy) had, how ever, to condemn the manner in which the hon. gentleman had attacked the hon. and learned member for Light. He was actually ashamed of such impertinence. (Laughter.) There was another young gentleman (the Commissioner of Crown Lands) who was willing to take any post bringing in £9tiO. He (Mr. Grundy) did not hope to affect the majority— (Hear and a laugh)— but bus remarks might do some good, nevertheless. He had to compliment several of the present and ex-Ministers for the manner in which they conducted their department; but he would be doing the Commissioner of Crown Lands an injustice if he did not, upon that occasion, give him a dressing. (Laughter.) He had done some strange things; he had actually ordered a magistrate, who nad mildly remon strated with him, to leave his office. He (Mr. Grundy) had been but once in his office, and then was glad to get out of it as fast as he could. He (the Commissioner of Crown Lands) came of patri cian descent, but he should take care how he be haved, or he would be reminded of the old joke on old pedigree, that it was like a potato garden— all that was good of it wasunder ground. (Laughter.) If he pleased he might with his natural abilities and study become a constellation among future states men of South Australia; but if he did not alter his manner and study to improve, the only constella tion he could be considered would be Ursa Major. (Laughter.) He thought it would do good to some of those young statesmen to knock £309 a year off their salaries, and give them instead an annual benefit. The young gentlemen he had referred to Wild. Q«t on, such aj) occasion, h« thought, pocket io- many balls unless they were in better cue than a ks present. He would have the Attorney-General ti er know- that sarcasm was not sound sense, wit wa- n- not always allied to wisdom, that it required litth it- ingenuity to say severe things -(Hear, hear)-aui us hard words were often the concomitant of sofi ly sense*. He did not dread a dissolution. (Oh ) Tlu liy Hon. Treasurer said 'Oh.' as if his Parliamentary n. days were numbered. (A laugh.) He had intendei n- to retire, but was induced by the earnest am e- hearty solicitations of friends and supporter' in not to do so. He would stand again' at and had no doubt that lioth himself ani1 as colleague wotdd be returned. He would ask, were al there not many members of the Upper House com is petent to supply the place of Mr. Waterhousei re He would not refer to the ' Men whose heads were r- silvered oer with age, and whom long experience re h:wl made sage.' The reference ought to l« sum'- is cient to teach their young men modestv He y, would say to the Ministry what Cicero 'said to is Catiline:— 'Qjuousque tandem abutere, Catilina, ie patientii nostril?'' What right have vou to abu«e l? 'H1', con*idcnce and our patience? He had been il told by the member for Gumeracha that, if sent v for, he would convene all the members of thut n House, and submit to the-n the question as to the n formation of a Cabinet. So much for the hon. ie mover and for himself. He would appeal to that m non. member or any other member whether he II ever offered himself for office. (Yes.) He had i- some months ago liad it suggested to him that as ie ne had time on his hands, some experience, and II no domestic engagements to interfere with his de tt sire to serve the public, he might make himself ;r more actively useful to the public than be was at g present. He had, indeed, admitted that he ?'? Wils i i. ,m Manchester, and had no work o to do — (laughter)-that he could devote bis \ -w.vs, and, if necessary, also consume the mid y night oil in the service of the public. (Hear, hear.) ; He might add that he had no domestic ties or 0 duties to demand attention, and might therefore e Jjjlmi!*-40 the sT'ic.c th'se ,h0llK when more c domestic men had other duties to perform, t (Laugher.) Very humorous pictures had been 1 drawn by some speakers, and thfcy had no doubt. e a* intended, caused considerable amusement, r Hiii be great descriptive powers, how he could 1 Often upon the coach-and-four sent to Morphett ' Xi ie \n uS0CJ''e ^he vote of the member who had 2 tabled the immigration motion! How be might t imagine the promises of one ship per month, of 1 ( ''Mi Tps '.' ln?, '''rth?. n{ promises to provide j for re-ati vus MOli, oh)-but he would conclude by \- s.iying thAt he must support the motion. (Ap ,- plause amHaughter.) j Mr SUTHERLAND, amid cries of 'Divide,' * said he would not disturb the good humour of tlie t House. It was a most unfortunate state of things r winch compelled so many members who bad sup ? ported the Ministry to turn round and now vote \- against them. Good reasons for that defection I had been given by several speakers, and he was j not going to repeat them. He would ask what did I the Ministry mean by allowing a motion to be ' &1)Ie-V:-v he H°n- T- Reynolds as an individual; s N as it to be understood that a motion affecting : the revenue- should be discussed and disposed of » in a manner that would enable the Ministry to ; disavow it as mercIy a crotchm of the Treasurer? i lh.it \\\ as placing responsible government in a new and a alse position. Was the head of the Govern , ?nfiittobeallowcdtosaythathewasnotre.sponsible f! i.a t \\. m,ot10' P1''*'! upon the paper bv a inem Wr of the Government, the Hon. Treasurer? If r ,!™a?Mt(\'r? .the case, they might have other m' T f fi ?l'!sters -Ininff thli 'a1110 thing in respect or.their departments, and then what would n Lh^r Jh *irpoiHSSble government ? He was glad mi»mhVJ !I.on\TrciViurcr'« apolosy to the hon. member for Light, as the correct facts had not, been ifw l ? n HVn' ^mmwsionerof Public Works. H 1 1!! i . le-:lr-1 a K°«l deal about the meaning of '^ situation,' and it was clear now that 2* , g^ re»'K»»nce in the minds of some '''' ? 'ra to shifting from a situation on theTrea 3 ,i™i lcoJ.(Pos'te side of the House. (Hear. £nt \ ' 1} irfl? ,wantof confidence in the pre %?Ll V lllul heen of gradual and uiwil inK fx Z !™i ?e 'ever asked for anjrthimr-hc never £ tt lM ' ytllln«-ilnd he was never dHaopointed ?on n, m* ^W ™ r«prded the unsatMfiii-tory out V,f ;XV'iC '^' »1:?tr--- Tfie true point hail been kept Th,. , , r %? } : - ^''tera in the Fuller controversy, n ? «-i ?im\\*. T\ n'f' wcre the-v t0 abandon the system Vi I rlf SC SaVf ^W! t'\ey would open a door by *i i'01'!^' m'rht os--' iSWWU. There hail ?Tm/J .il nei,nb«rs Vm llo°r did belong to the Vn,;1?1 hoa(1 fc--ard who must differ from the i h- »? lhni'lat I™'1'- Dhl the Treasurer mean LiriSil it i sysi teni ?r. contracting by publicly S -h* « } f 8houW. -e ab:'»l''«.-«l in taking rv M „ f°i; lM8° P'1''*1 works- ' so. they liw-i-fiMM11^ a rel*M«pn of the frauds anil 0 ,Tv t ' . i ?)ee' e-Hwed at home. It was not tC,»Z [TT mc'r.a-(l .'?-' the abandonment of Pirr '. t I ? tei'V- °,f lnvit'-S tenders, thev would ? T n I'-'1'1'0 l-y tlle '»tr--diK-tion of *a secret W ±m.°,f k'«'-2«-ntracts. (Hear, hear.) . He was pledged t' support the motion. (Divide, divide.) lii-rl inV,i i -:ll(1 h1e.!lil(t»n douhthon. mem lib.?., ex?cct '-im hlm a ?'«oment which he u I been most anxious to make in reply to the f.hn PTliS0littlt »untl Peculiar chawss made against. Si, I, l rt ' W0llld llC recollected, Inch he hat addressed to the House were the es ?'ti-.t °f a (lesirc tha-1 '' tllt; dehate he had ..tiated no personalities shoule be indulged nsnJf of h jm-'at csujsc t0 toniplain in that aspect of three members of the Ministrv V,?l ti ,lrcr' '?'-' ftMuniissionur of Crown Lands, and the Commissioner of Public Works. They Kid dared to come down I., that House and to ittai I an idle and baseless and unfounded rumour -a rumour winch he had no hesitation in saving was conooae.l by some person in connection with tlie Government or under their influence. He had only ?nneaiBwer to give to the chawe of lieinsa partner m the firm of Fuller c\: Co.. and tliat ;'V;\er^SCrtn-l»nscd in one short and emphatic lV ' ii W m :\ lie', (Oll« oh- ani1 ««'?. 'ear.) lit « i-mW tlml l(1 b-'liev,C(1 that the person; who used it knew at the tune that it was so. (Oh, The SPEAKER said such language was very much out ot order. He did not on the insbiit mi enure, thinking some lion, member would hive called Ins attention to it; but he could not allow a persistence i in language so much out of outer. mv. A. J-L\ M said he was quite aware that he was out of order. He fully expected to be called to order ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to order. he him. member said he had knowingly and deliber.iu'I.v ined language which was not in order. Having made such an avowal he was bound to apologize to the House for an intentional breach ot order. ? The SPEAKER said the hon. member was bound to apologize. Mr. A. BLYTH wished to say that he knew he had trespassed on the ground of order, and he was sorry for it (Hear, hear.) He asked hon. members to have for him the same consideration which he was certain would be extended to anv other member whose honour bad been impeached as, -ll!s,ha,1- , (Hca,r« hear-) The trifling remark which lie had made as to his small transactions with 1- uller \ Co. had been made a handle of. \Vliy, the transactions he had with them were simply those which all men iu business hid to whom they delivered goods; and he could bear cheerful testimony to the manner in which they conducted their work. (Hear, hear.) He felt certain that the Hon. Treasurer and his col leagues would vet regret having given currency to a rumour calculated to blacken his fair Fame. (Hear, hear.) The great points which he com plained of was that the Government had no bead; the next that they had not acted fairly with Fuller and (,o. .u hat he complained of in that matter was that having invited tenders they availed tliein selve.* of information in their hands, derived from such tenders, to communicate with one of thc I parties with a view to get him to scud in a lower tender. If such things were to be (lone, what linn could venture to tender for larue public contracts.' Suppose that instead of Martin, Gaedechens, Ac Co., it was Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co. that tendered, and that the Com missioner of Public Works, either bv himself or his clerk, communicated with one of tlie parties, would it not properly be regarded as an attempt to break the moral Iwind that subsisted betv/con them ? (Hear, hear.) He was as anxious as any one to have the public work done cheaply; but, 'great an object as cheapness was, it could only be satis factory when attained in a more straightforward manner than had been attempted in that case. (Hear, hear.) If anything could bs found to add to the impropriety of that matter it was that of thc Commissioner of Public AVorks saying that what he had done he would again do. (Hear, heir.) He had been favoured with a letter from Fuller & Co., which he would read :— 'Adelaide Goods Station, November '2'j, 1SC1. ' Sir— In the House of Assembly on Friday last Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Stow, and Mr. Magarey stated, on the authority of Mr. Hare, th.it Mr. Henry Hill lisld two-thirds of the plant and capital in the tirm of II. E. Fuller «Sc Co. This statement is totally unfounded, and I shall feel obliged if you mill favour me by giving it the fullest contra diction. 'Mr. Hill then not and never did hold more than one-third, and that in the plant and pre muet only. The capUal is mine only, and neither Mr. Hill nor Mr. Mills have any interest in it whatever. 'Mr Stow states that he has seen the deed of partnership of my firm, and he gives his own versiou of its contents. Now that deed has never been out of my possession for one instant since it was signed. It is therefore impossible that he could nave seen it, nor could any person have shown it to him but myself, and that I never did. ' Mr. Lindsay says that Mr. Hill bought me out at the extravagant price of £o,U00 for my share in the plant. This plant cost me j£5,4l)0, and was not sold to Mr. Hill, but to him and Mr. Mills jointly; and the largest portion of the purchase money is to remain unpaid for three years— viz., £3,0UU. 'Mr. Mills was not bought out, as stated; but arrangements werc made tor so doing, but they were never completed, and he remains now as much a partner in the firm of H. II. Fuller & Co. as he ever was. ' Jlr. Lindsay remarks on my sending in my tender just liefore 12 o'clock. It is customary with many firms who tender to send in their oilers at the last moment, in order to prevent them being in any way considered Iwfore the proper time. It was not, however, my intention to tender at all, and I only did sp at the urgent request of Mr. C. S. Hare. 'Why such statements as those made bv the gentlemen I have referred to werc brought forward 1 cannot conceive; but I am prepared to prove, by my books and papers if necessary, that there is no ground for them. 'If you will make the contents of this letter known in the House I shall feel much obliged, as 1 am anxious that further injustice may not be done to me by allowing such misstatements to go forth uncontradicted. I have preferred troubling you instead of writing to the papers, as I think the proper place to set the matter right is that place I where the statements I complain of were made. ' I have, Sir, &c;, 'H. Pi. Fuller. 'To Arthur Blyth, Esq.' Mr. Fuller would, he had no doubt, send a copy of that letter to every hon. member. The hon. the Attorney-General had iijion a recent occasion administered a rebuke to an lion member whom he thought had revealed the substance of a private conversation. The hon. and learned member had assumed upon that occasion the position of Mentor, and he (Mi. A. Blyth) agreed with every word be said upon the subject. Tlie hon. and learned mem ber had said that it would be very dangerous to have private conversations repeated. He said so, too, especially when the conversations took place during a Ministerial crisis. When an hon. mem ber was entrusted with the duty of forming a Mi- i nistry he was bound to place himself in communi- ! cation with all the memliere of Parliament; and it would, indeed, l-e a very bad thing if all the cir cumstances of those communications were made public. He had been, and was that ilay, sorely tempted to break through a practice which he ad mitted was a wise one, and to give to the House a full account of what had been only partially given hy. the Hon. the Attornoy-General— his (M Blyth's) conversation with the Hon. thc Clue Secretary. (No, no.) He felt that he coul- give a very satisfactory version of whal bad taken place l-etween himself and tlu Chief Secretary; but he believed that it wa not right to reveal publicly such conversations a* must take place on occasions of that kind. (Hear, hear.) He had most carefully guanleil himself in his communications. Perhaps it was quite proper for a Ministry to meet a motion ol that kind by suggesting that he had made an agreement with tbe hon. member for Onkaparinga. He thought, however, that it hardly needed a denial on his part He had made no agreement with that hon. member nor with any other mem ber. Of course he had some few thoughts as to possible eventualities— (Hear and a laugh)— but he kept them as closely to himself as be thought he ought to do. Whatever attempts the Ministry h:u niade to meet the motion, they had not attempted to show that he had done anything unfair. (Hear, hear.) He had scarcely said anything to hon. members; indeed he hail not Iwen since the adjournment in communication with a single member of that House. He hail charged tlie Ministry with a want of policy, and he would tike the question of immigration. Members of that House would know what they had to expect, and how to deal with a Ministry that opposed immi gration or a Ministry that supported immigration; but how could they deal with a Ministry who one day opposed it on any terms or from any direution, and the next day supported a motion in favour of immediate immigration; It was not only that subject, great and important as it was, for that might be said to be an exceptional case, that the want of a policy was apparent— it was the cha racteristic of the Treasurer since he had I-cen in office. He (Mr. Blyth) did not want to rake up the Boothhy question farther than to show that a Minister could upon that, as upon other questions, speak one way and, after consideration, vote another way. The Hon. Treasurer had exhibited on several occasions a strong desire to feel the pulse of the House before committing himself; but what he (Mr. Blyth) wanted was a Govern ment with a clear and defined policy upon all important subjects like immigration, to speak in favour of that policy, to vote in favour of it, and to take the consequences. What tbe consequences of that motion would be he could Hot say, but judging from the jubilant expression of the Trea surer's face, the great exertions that had been made -tlie carriages-and-four and the favouring gales— had set his mind at rest :is to the conse quences of the motion. (Hear and a laush.) hull, a great deal of good would be done by that motion. It would show that the House desired to have a Government with a policy, and that would vote in accordance with that policy: also that they expected the speeches and votes of Ministers iii the other House would harmonize with the votes and speeches of Minister* in that House. There had been some statements made with reference to a connection between Martin, Gaedechens, vS: Co. and .t tiller & Co., a;id he was not there to say tnat there was no connection between theni. (Hear, hear.) He would say that any per son who intended to tender for a work of that magnitude would be blind to their own inte rest were they not to have some communication with I- tiller & Co.. who, failing to get the contract, would have a large and available stock to dispose nf ; and therefore be said it would Ikj desirable for t be successful tenderer.* to know uiwn what terms that p'anl or slock could be purchased. (Ironical cheers and counter cheers.) He would remind thc lion, .treasurer that when the contract was adver ted three years ago, a person of the name of How Ion did precisely the same thing. He maintained ;hat the conduct of the Government to Fuller and ^o. was not satisfactory, and he was of opinion hat they had not yet heard the last of it. They mil beard of the securities taken hv the Govern irent; but. he believed, notwithstanding, that the lame satisfaction would not be given to the tradiii' jominunity that had l-een given by Fuller's firm' the want of policy, the want of a head to he Ministry, and their conduct as to that einler, and the anxious desire not to meet any treat question as they ought to meet it— such', or instance, as the salaries question, which it had )cen said was settled, although no opinion hud teen given upon it by that House-all those points ustihed him in bringing forward that motion, ie had perhaps spoken too warmly; but having ipoken candidly and openly, he would leave the natter to the decision of the House. He might lowewr, remark upon the brilliant speech of the ion. member for the City (Mr. Moorhouse). It uis, at all events, satisfactory to have his testi nony asto the fairness with which the motion had ?ecu introduced. He hoped that in future the hon. number would attend more constantly, and fre liiently favour them with such brilliant display .s the one to which he now referred. That was he second motion of the kind they had iu that louse, the Treasurer was ;? party to the first, .lid it was tabled before Ilia Ministrv it ic erred to had opened their mouths' as to heir policy. (Name.) it was the Ministry iresided over by Mr. linker, to whom the Tiea urer could not object, for he had been most nxioits to get him as a head for his Ministry, i Ie lehevcd that the arguments had been all on one ide-(a lauKlD-and he left the matter now to the eeision of the House. The ATfORXKV- GEXERAL rose to explain, k. letter had been read from Fuller \\- Co., which iiipugned trie veracity of a .statement that he had iiade. «hat he said was that hc had examined lie deed of partnership; but he honed he had not eon understood to say that be had done so after t. was executed. He believed that he had at that iioment a true copy of the draft in his desk. With L-fercncc to what had lieeii said as to private citii ersations, he had not disclosed a single word of ny private conversation. He had said that the on. motnl-er for Gumemuha was willing t» join lie present Ministry, and that was a fact, so far mm being confined to private conversation, that ; had \vxn referred to by the press, and at a leeting of members of that House. It was a 'im'01^', ,!!lc.iin(l n-»t«rioiis. (Divide, divide.) IheSPKAlvKlt put the motion, and declared ie Ayes had it. A division was called for, of which the following \- the result:— .Ayk*. lti-Messrs. Bagot, N. Blyth, Coatfn, -a e. Ljufheji], i-inuiss, Glyde, Grundy, Kingston, lildred, Milne, Santo, Sutherland. Townsend, Vark, and A. Ulvth (teller). .No&s;, 17-Tho Attorney-Geneta!. I he Commis lonor of Public Works, the Commissioner of ;ro-.vn Kinds,. Messrs. Anderson, ' IJ;i!ce»e!l, liowne, Coje, Dunn, Hallctt, Hav, Magarcv, Ichlhster, jloorhouse, Given, Parkin, Peacock, ml the Treasurer (teller). The SPEAKER declared the motion lost bv a injority of 1. 'I hero was an expression of applause, but it was romptly repressed by a call of order. The business on the Paper was arranged, and The House adjourned until half-past 1 next day. MESSAGES. Tlie following Messages were received by the louse of Assembly :— FitOir THE LEfilSLATIVE COUNCIL. Xos. 24 and £-. Returning the Drainage from lines lidl and Electoral Act Amendment Bill, nth amendments. papers! The following Papers were laid on the table of lie Assembly : — By the Treasurer. Abstract of the Accounts of the South Au.stra an Institute for 18t-0, and Customs Returns for lie third quarter of 1S--1. Bv thk Commissioner nv Pimji.h; Works. Names of the proposed sureties of llenrv Hill, ontraclor for the railway goods traflic. 