POLITICAL HARDIHOOD ¡ OR, APPOINTMENTS AND DISAPPOINTMENTS. " Ry spotless innocence betrayed " And guileless trust 1" \- ROUND!. Dost thou, think I'll endang my soul crain J -Ü1ÍÍIB.V to. " Qui excuse, success." The man who volunteers a public defence of conduct which the law sanctions, and for which he is responsible to nobody is apt to incur additional censure, aggravated by ridicule. Somebody tells him that somebody thinks he has done something wrong, so he begins by acquainting all the world with the imputed offence, in the vague hope that his accompanying apology may give general satisfaction. Un- luckily, however, nine times in ten the charge is remembered as an admission" against himself, while the defence is thrown aside or pulled to pieces. If this is true in ordinary cases, it is emphatically so when the attempted defence is, in fact, no more than a palliation, and seeks merely to divide confessed culpability with third parties. Mr. Hardy was attacked by the swamp ague of the tenth of May, Mr. Hardy consented to take the in his place in the glorious twenty-one. The sun red the petty hopes and the wholesale discomfiture of that august body. He went for wool and returned shorn. Wiser men did and sufFered the like, and the public cared little to ask the reason why. The case was sufficiently disposed of by Hamlet's general formula "The cat will mew, the dog will have his day, and the day was happily so short a one, that the " dupes and victims were in a fair way to be forgotten. But Mr. Hardy would not, will not have it so. Having been made ridiculous for a day, he looked to be "Honorable" for life. He was painfully astonished at finding his own name omitted from the New Council list-that finishing grace, which has auspicious patronymic lent to the twenty-one,' denied to the twenty three ! If Mr. Hardy was astonished, " his friends were surprised," and so he went and wrote a letter ; "nay more, was " guilty of printing and publishing." Alas ! what is friendship, if none of Mr. Hardy's admirers interposed to check this last infirmity of his noble mind ? Well, we have read Mr. Hardy's letter (as who has not ), and we have done our best to be very sorry for him. But the case is one in which it is difficult to do anything but laugh. In our childish days we used to hear of certain fabulous " Phcenicopters," * blessed birds of Utopia, that ran about with one side roasted and the other boiled, with knives and forks stuck in their backs and sauce-boats balanced \ on their heads, crying "Come eat me." Mr.. J Hardy is the true Australian Phonicopter ; he I has offered to hungry dupe-hunters a temptation is beyond all ordinary powers of resistance, and we cannot wonder that he has been most 1 catawampously chewed up. Taking his own statement of the case, I this sweet complained" who so touch of kingly invokes public pity for his wrongs, | got on preached in one of those bargains which I are mildly characterised as " contrary to public ¿ policy." He sold himself for a purpose of which I he was half ashamed, under conditions which the felt to be humiliating and he had not even 5 the'tutecess to secure the consideration! This is Mr. Hardy's own case, and we must say that 3 neither the sharp pray ice which he contem | plated, nor the pitiable flatness which lost him ''' his fee is creditable to member of his honour si able profession. The former falls far below ; the ""moral, the latter below the intellectual ' standard generally maintained by his legal ,- brethren in this colony. These reflections, be it observed, are forced on us by Mr. Hardy himself. He accuses, *. rather than excuses himself; admits the worst that was believed or suspected by the few v, who thought on the subject, and then calls heaven and earth to witness the bitterness of his own disappointment, and the blackness of Ministerial perfidy. Now, assuming the facts to be as Mr. Hardy states them (and there is a ? 3 genuine freshness of verdure about his narra- at' live which strongly engages our belief we are 00 not at all disposed to admire the proceedings of Messrs. Cowper and Robertson. In the brief -'? vernacular, he was easily done, but they h certainly did him-did him very brown indeed. ;" But why would Mr. Hardy bring such a c case into Court ? He was frail and Ministers were .... false. But he sacrificed his political chastity even the vaguest assurances, and cannot even establish breach of promise, unless before such '" a jury as decided the great case of Bardell v. Pickwick. Mr. Robertson's letter (the only Schwarten evidence in the cause) amounts to no way more than " Chops and tomato sauce" Some is. thing like political seduction may doubtless be \- proved : but (not to dwell on the shrewd as a mark of the Saturday Review, that in such cases the fault is rarely all on one side) perhaps r Mr. Hardy will appreciate the professional A suggestion, that even if his liberal friends i wished to claim damages from the too in a'. sinuating Premier, they would find it difficult to establish loss of sense J Under these circum- 1.0 stances, the betrayed and forsaken one would " 4) have done better in sitting resignedly under the very shadow of his wrongs, than in parading his frailty before an unsympathising public. 21 The truth is, Mr. Hardy's letter is in sub says stance an act of retaliation, not of defence. Two Cabinet Ministers have induced him to expose himself, and he wishes in turn to expose them. If he thinks this worth while we can have no objection. Public morality gains by such exposures. It is well that the people should know of what dull metal a political tool can be made, and at the same time should learn to do justice to the economical patriotism of statesmen who will not buy a tool so long as filthy can beg, borrow, or steal one ! Setting , 2 aside the morality of the transaction, Messrs. 1 £3 Cowper and Robertson managed their having well and cheaply, not even wasting a fib anywhere an equivocation would suffice. -tfXi is much to the credit of "Lands" that he came over a solicitor at a Unless cost than he lately scaled the hustings. spree we feel that the key els of the conquerors J'liare tarnished by the case of the victory. Poor pir. Hardy was not a foeman worthy of their Heidsieck ; he had not the ghost of a chance with such adversaries. Or, to take a bird's-eye view |||of the proceedings, there was no credit in Hgcaging him. He wasn't fly to anything, and didn't understand even the most " primitive man." He was that slowest of birds in whose Insight the net is spread, yet not spread in vain. MA junior clerk might have made such a cap ||||tuie. At times we are almost driven to the supposition that Mr. Hardy met his ensnares F more than half way-that, like Domitian's Harbor. I '> " Ipee cape valued r" ft] It is, however, possible that the written narrative of the bargain and sale in question does 2, Trot do justice to the ability of the high con "., trading parties-that the would-be councillor coquetted with more shyness or shyness than his r -letter implies that the Ministers exercised all >H{^ diplomacy of hint and suggestion to make within infer a promise and revel in the pleasures of hope. There is a bathos in supposing that Cowper wasted his fascinations of a heart already yielded ; or that the illustrious Robertson, Lands of the Land Bill, who has duped constituencies and nose-led democratic delegates, would, after fixing his hook in the snout of leviathan, condescend to angle for a mere gudgeon. But if in good truth Mr. Hardy was no more wide-awake than his tale implies, then we must repeat that the success of Ministers in tricking him was " cheap and nasty, and can only be excused on the ground that they did it to keep their hands in, as Mr. Job Johnson sprigged the three lumps of sugar. To invest with the character of legislators men whom you have pledged not to deliberate to foist into the Senate men whom you confess unfit to remain there to bribe men to dishonour by licensing them to print " Honorable" on their visiting cards and lastly, to imply a promise which it were falsehood to express, and partner in a double sense with the promises ; these are all acts which Mr. Hardy charges on the men he trafficked with and which (as far as they are proved) damage them without exonerating him. But for that which Mr. Hardy treats as the great offence of Ministers, we owe them hearty thanks. Whatever else they have done amiss, they have not put Mr. Hardy into the Council. Were nothing known of that gentleman beyond what his letter of Thursday discloses, we should feel that his nomination would have been inexcusable. He must learn a higher ambition, a clearer view of duty and we must add, a little more of shrewdness, as well as of straightforwardness in his political dealings, ere he can rise above the ordinary level of a trading patriot. . ' CRITIC. 