THOUGHTS ON THE AMERI- CAN WAR. (From Reynold's Newspaper.) NEITHER forms of government nor systems of religion can enable man- kind to repeal the laws of nature, or dispense, with impunity, with the obligations of morality. If a Tory or High Churchman thrusts his hand into the fire, neither political nor theological orthodoxy will prevent that hand from being burnt. If a Whig gets drunk of a night, neither his principles a of "civil and religious liberty" nor his attachment to the "immortal memory" will save him from a headache in the morning. If a Democrat, real or pretended, thinks, or acts as if he thought, that admirable political institutions give him the privilege of being a brag- gart, a bully and a cheat, he is cer- tain, soon or late, to find out that he is a miserable fool as well as a sorry knave. The inhabitants of the Northern States of America have, we would fain hope, learned from their dis- graceful rout from Bull's Run, that something else besides "tall talk" is required to beat their antagonists of the South. That "something else" consists of valour, science, mo- ney, endurance, and a capacity for self- sacrifice superior to those pos- sessed by their opponents. It is not enough that the men of the North should be as brave, as wealthy, as skilfully commanded, and as heroi- cally resolved as the men of the South. If they are to issue victori- ously from the present struggle, they must be more so. Here, then, the question occurs, —Is the superiority of the North, in these essentials of victory, so de- cided as to warrant us in coming to the conclusion that the Southern States shall be conquered back into the Union? We at once reply, we do not believe that it is. In fact, we do not believe that the North, with the exception of wealth and mere numbers, is in any respect su- perior to the South. Indeed, after a certain recent display, we do not know that we should be justified in estimating the valour, the science and the morality of the Northern States as equal to those of their an- tagonists. In science and prudence, at least, General Beauregard has shown himself immeasurably a bet- ter man than any of his opponents. Then, as to mere personal prowess, the runaways from Bull's Run will not surely have the face to maintain that they are braver than those from whose presence they fled! And as for morality, the manner in which the Confederetes have conducted their operations ever since the com- mencement of hostilities contrasts most favourably with the frothy patriotism, the Munchausen achieve- ments, and the Robert Macaire peculations which have characterized the sayings and doings of the Fede- ralists. The distinctive moral features of the two belligerents are most strik- ging illustrated in the different ways in which the tidings of the battle of Bull's Run operated on the two hos- tile sections of the republic. The Northerners seemed almost as proud of their defeat as the Southerners did of ther victory. The Federalist officers, we are told, talked of being "whipt" as if it was a transaction in which it would be more blessed to receive than to give. Then the Nor- thern press boasted that the swift- footed fugitives from Manassas had well nigh annihilated the Southern army; so that we may take it for granted that they ran away from the ghosts of those whom they had slain. Altogether, from the representations of the newspapers and orators of the Free States, we are justified in as- suming that they do not regard it in the least degree disgraceful to run away like so many frightened hares from those whom, for the last four months, they have been describing as their inferiors in strength, cour- age, and morality. Contrast this Northern exhibition of thought and feeling with that which the news of the victory called forth in the Southern States. At Richmond and throughout the whole of the South the first impulse was to return thanks to heaven for the victory. Not the slightest inclina- tion to boasting was displayed. The exultation which both chiefs and people could not but feel was of the most modest, retiring, and inoffen- sive description. The prevalent pub- lic feeling was that of sorrow for the brave men slain in the defence of their hearths and homes, as well as for the great misfortune which had necessitated the heartrending sacri- fice. Now this, we contend, if there be any truth in history, augurs well for the future triumph of the South. Victory, in the long run, invariably declares for the nation which can bring the greatest amount of truth, science, and humanity into the field against its antagonist. As for moneyed and numerical su- periority, we do not attach so much importance to these as our Manches- ter and materialistic contemporaries are in the habit of doing. When Crœsus, King of Lydia, showed his vast treasure of gold to Solon, the wise men of Athens told the monarch not to boast of his wealth, for that, if another monarch and general should come who had better iron than he, the treasure would become the spoil of the new comer. All the gold of the North may be conquered by the superior swords of the South. Therefore, let not the New York journalists be quite so purse-proud as they have been. In addition to this, let them remember that the greater part of the wealth of New York is the distillation of Southern produce. Cooke, the tragedian—his wrath being roused—told his Liver- pool audience that "every stone in this city was cemented by the blood of the slave." This description would apply much more truly to New York; and this, if we are not greatly mis- taken, explains the enthusiasm for the "Union" which apparently pre- vails in the "Empire city." We say "apparently" because we are fully convinced that it is not for the "Union" of the republic, but for the fulness of their own coffers, that the New York merchants are now pouring forth their gold in fitting out regiments of pot-valiant volun- teers. It is in order to compel the Southerners to make New York their chief agent in selling the cotton of the Slave States to Europe that the present war is sustained by the capi- talists of that city. Only let the New Yorkers be satisfied that the people of the Southern States will trade with Europe through them, and Jeff Davis, or Old Nick, may be President, and Richmond or Pande- monium the capital of the republic. Then again, as to the numerical su- periority in point of men possessed by the North, we deny that that is neces- sarily an advantage. The greatest and most important victories ever won have been gained by small nations fighting against great Powers and by small ar- mies opposed to odds which, as far as numbers are concerned, may be termed overwhelming. The wolf, says Virgil, never counts the number of the sheep. The more pigeons in a dovecot, the bet- ter sport for the eagle or hawk that gets in among them. If the army under General McDowell had been greater, the rout from Manassas would have been three times more disastrous and dis- graceful than it has already been. New York and Philadelphia, we are told, are raising scores of regiments that are to of be placed under the disposal of Presi- dent Lincoln. But what is the use of these fresh regiments if they will but re- peat the conduct of their predecessors \--that is, runaway as they did under McDowell, or refuse to fight because their term was out, as they did under General Patterson? Such "soldiers" as these will be no real strength to McClellan. A true fighting army is benefited by the absence of such mili- tary poltroons. When, on the morn- ing of the 18th of June, 1815, the Duke of Wellington was told that some 10,000 of his auxiliary Belgians had taken the rout to Brussels, he is reported to have said, "Thank God for it, for now we may win the battled." We cannot help thinking that 10,000 British soldiers would be more effectual in dealing with General Beauregard than the 100,000 "volunteers" now assembled in and around Washingon. It is a sad reflec- tion to every well-wisher of the United States who did the hard fighting at Bull's Run--the regiments who did not allow their honour to be tarnished, but who fought with a courage and perseverance which have never been surpassed--were not native Americans, but Irish and Scottish. Our gallant countrymen fought under the belief that they were helping to emancipate the slaves of the South. This, however is a mistake. President Lincoln and his miserable Cabinet as well as his principal moneyed abettors, are as much attached to slavery as Davis himself. If not, why hesitate to proclaim the emancipation of the slaves? This crooked and cowardly policy does not detract in the least de- gree from the valiant Irish, Scottish, and Germans who fought so bravely, and who were generalled so infamously, on the 21st July. We deeply grieve to have to write in this strain of the Free States. But truth, though painful, is wholesome. The Northerners have had sad ravages made in their manhood, by the flatteries, frivolities, quackeries and cheateries to which they have been so long addicted. They now gather in the baneful fruits of the poisonous seeds which they have so thickly sown. Let them, therefore, henceforward, learn to distiguish be- tween a great man and a great humbug. Let P. T. Barnum be no longer their representative man. A wooden nutmeg is, no doubt, a clever piece of scoundrel- -ism, a woolly horse a laughable impos- ture, and a negress nurse of Washing- ton a capital investment. But other brains, and other hearts, and hands, than those from which emanated these and kindred contrivances, are necessary to found and maintain a commonwealth. Since P. T. Barnum invented a nurse for Washington, cannot he now devise a successor for that illustrious man? We offer the suggestion to the New Yorkers, who have handed over the only hero hitherto produced bythe war--the ne- gro who killed a Southern crew placed on board a Northern prize--first to the gaol, and then to the custody of the "great showman." We also beg to inform them that now they must do one, at least, of two things \--that is, either proclaim the emancipa- tion of the slaves, or else permit us to have our cotton. For the sake of the poor negro we are content to submit to some privations in this country. But if slavery is to be perpetuated, we may as well have its produce direct from the South as through the close-fisted bro- kers of New York. On no other con- dition than the abolition of slavery will the people of England permit our Go- vernment to recognise the mock block- ade which Linicoln and his fribbles have proclaimed from the north of Maryland to the south of Florida. 