ART, SCIENCE, AND LITERATURE. -?Kow that tbe colony bas beeome more set tied,"and (oe minda of tbe people are relieved from the morbid ex eitement attendant upon tba (told discoveries, art and science-are- making.progresa-whioh,if not so rspidas could be wished, is, nevertheless, satisfactory, and gives hope of future excellence. The Bev. T. Smith'has delivered a leoture at the School of Arts, West Maitland on the '.Drunkard's Hom»." There haa been an exhi' bition at Madame Bertbeau'a, of some exquisite modelling in wax, among whioh portraits of tha Goveruor-General and the Biahop of Sydney attract« o) aeneral attention. Dr. Woolley baa delivered a leoture St the Australian Ladies' College, on the kind of studies' proper for females, The Rev. Mr. Vanderkiste heads, livered a teetora at tba Temperance Hall, entitled the .« Wo¿ld Sober." The Bev. Gr. H. Stanley has delivered a leetnrs at the St. Leonard's Sobool of Arts, on- ' tho works - of Charles Dickens. The Bev. W. Cuthbert- son bas delivered two lectures, at the Temperance Hall, . .a the eondition of the working oleases. The naturalisa, tion of salmon in (he Shoalhaven and Snowy Rivers, has bean discussed, and experiments ara now in progress to test its practicability. Dr. G. Walker bas delivered two leotures at the Band, wiok Mumal Improvement Association, on the " History and Chemistry of Costume" which attracted large audi, enees. A lithographic sketch of the volunteer review has been drawn and published by Allan and Wigley. A general meeting of the Australian Library was held on the 31st January, to elect officers for the ensuing year. An exhibition of Mr. Mort's picture gallery and works cf art, to wbioh the publia are admitaible by tiokots, is now open at that gentleman's seat, Greenoaks*, a short dis. tance from Sydney. The collection comprises HI water colour drawings, 18 oil paintings of high obsraoter, 94 pieces of armour from Alton Towers, a copy of a shield by Celini, &o.; A aale of Mr. O ark Irving's pictures pre. vious to «hat gentleman's departure for Europe, took piece at Mariel's last week ; the collidion iao'uced the '. Italian Bowlers" by M'lunes, a work of European re. potation. A sam of £3000 has been placed by the 'Government at the disposal of the oommittee appointed to ' carry ' out the ' arrangements for ' represent- ing tbe oolony of New South Wales at the Great -Exhibition of 1803. The, gentlemen who form the ermmi tee are Sir Daniel Cooper,. Sir William M soar thar, Sir Charles Nioholson, C Kemp,. Esq., A. W. Scott, Esq. M.P., and Captain Waru, B.E., deputy master of the Min'. A meeting of the Sydney Literary Association tonk plaoe on the 81b February. Tbe subject of discussion was, " Is the black man infe. rior io Intellect tp> the. white man?" The annual gene- ral meeting of tbe School of Arts took plaoe on the 3th February, when officers wete elected for the ensuing year. Two beautiful specimens of colonial art bara been manufaotnred for the victors la the liter-national cricket matoh. One from , the atelier of Messrs. Clarke and Ghost consists of an emu's egg, lined with silver gilt, and supported on the trunk of an oak tree in tilter,, whose grooëfal branches spreading beneath the abell are enriobei with acorns snd foliage. This fine speci- men of art is the gift of Mr. Cunningham. The othar,. given by- Mr, Leigh, is a magnificent silver cap, with a cricketer in the act of " play" on the top, and, ia covered, with other devices emblematic of the noble game. Two fine portraits oi Father Sheridan have been presented to that reverend gentleman by his parishioners-one of which is to hang in tho hall of the Cathollo Young Men's Sooiety's institution, and the other to be the property af ' Father Sheridan. They are both from the easel of Mr, James Anderson,B.H.A., and, independent of the fidelity of the likeness, are an honoar to the painter and to the colony aa works of art. Mr. Mort has most liberally placed hts best pistares at the disposal of the committee of the Sohool of Arts sppointed to osrry ont the arrange- ments for the exhibition at the opening of the new build- ing, which will take place on the 20th of this month. The Exhibition Committee have had a most onerous duty before them, hut they have overcome all obstacles, and the event promises to be one of gre.it interest. Con. tribntious have. buen received of a most interesting obi raoter, including works of art from the best collections Io the city and colony, models of rations kinds, scieoüfls apparatus, and specimens of Australian natural produc- tions, and manifaotnres. A group of photographic portrait! of the Wesleyan.Methodist ministers wno took part io the late Conference in tbis city, are now os view at Glaiater'o, in Pitt-street. They are grouped in tba order of seniority, and are remarkable for tbeir fidelity,. Mr. Glnister is now taking portraits the size of life whlnb, when fl rahed, aaa hardly be ' distinguished from . oil paintings. Another beautiful np oiroen of colonial art, manufaotnred by Mr. Julius Hogbith, for the ladies of Australia, to be presented (o Lady Denison, is now on view at Messrs. Bogartb and Er ohseti's. It is a ll.wer vare, conaioting af sn ema's egg nestled in fern leaves of frosted silver, supported on a stem and base of bright silver, on wbiob »re placed in gold the emu and kanguroo, convolvulus, honeysuckle, fern, and leaves of the cabbage' tree, in silver, relieved by the waratah and native pear ia gold, form the ohicf ornaments of the vase. The handles are funned of convolvulus stems and bleak snakes, and the whole is placed ou a pedestal of myall wood, orna- mented with gold and silver. The entire height of tbe vase and pedestal, ÍB two feet. 