'. BEGA, TWOFOLD BAY. From our Correspondent. I regret having to announce tho demise of Mr. Syms Co rington, Post-master of Panbula, which took placo at 3 o'clock 011 Monday morning last, in conscquencc of the Paialyticnttack I mentioned a short timosince. The deceased was universally respected by all who knew him, for bis unobtrusive punctual and honest conduct, accompanied as it was by kindness of man ner anrl willinfrness to oblige. Two services were hold in the church in this place on Sunday last, s.s announced in my last communica tion; the attendance was excellent. The state oftho river, however, prevented many from availing them selves 1 f the opportunity ali'oided. After morning service several infants wore baptircd. I am informed a l!6v. Mr. Gwynne, an Episcopalian ? Minister, and brother to Mr. Gwynne of Panbula, il on the way from England for the purpose of being stationed in this district, as resident minister. I un derstand the Rev. Gentleman is a widower, and has five children, and sincerely trust I10 may soon be lo cated amongst 11s, On Sunday last George Ilolfc was incarcerated in our lock-np on several charges. It appears he had dragged his wife out of bed about three o'clock on tlio afternoon, having previously thrown his infant son, one week old, 011 the floor. The cries of the mother occasioned the interf;rence of her relatives, who carricd her to her mother's residence, and shortly after lie broke into tho plaoj. using, as is his wont, language of the most bl sphemous descrip tion. He was introduced to the Bench on Monday nnd remanded to the 2(Jth inst. This protegee of Judge Gary, (by the bye, what about the £1C0, is tho /ill'air smothered '.') and ditto of some of the inferior Satellites of justice in this place, has verified to tho letter the expectations of many who were astonished .it his escape from Cockatoo, 011 the horse case. Pol lack v. Ilolt. — Magistrates wc arc taiqrht to bclievo should be 11 ' terror to evil, and a pr.iiseto those who do well.' How far such is the c se in this place, may be inferred from the fact, that G. Ilolt mid a cer tain J.P. may be seen iu 'consultation deep' 011 tho morning oft, lie days that worthy has a case pending against him; and that in the public streets of the township, the natural cons quences follow, he glories in his slianic, and Instead of in any measure reform ing, sets decency and order at defiance, appeals to his friend in court, and laughs at his victims St. A'alcntine's day was duly commemorated in this place' by the youthful portion of tlie community, who indulged considerably '111 shewing up each o'lier's peculiarities, and .-seemed mightily pleased with the fun; not so, however, the Post-master, ' poor man,' be was decidedly '? used up' 011 tho occasion, and de clared his intention of 'striking' for ail inercas.i to his salary, in cour-i)i|iicncc of the. exhaustion attendant upon his exertions thorouneiit.lic looks dreadful, 'poor man.' 1 h ive s .-en soineeuttiiig poetry composed by ahirsute.lnittaeiiutiiigson ofVulcin, who has lately located amongst us, and may some dsiy send you a specimen entitled the 'Maid of the Mill,' or ti)0 ' Roadside Ghost of ilega.' Kcb. 2l.st, JSIil. Biikjiit v. S't'iii'in-sN. — In tho Supreme Comt on Friday last Mr. Blako move I to have made absolute the rule nini for a compulsory sequestration in this case. In 110 doing, he said, the defendant's name was Sloven, and was no written in the original 'affidavit. On drawing up tlio order itwas by mistako Yrritloli Steven, Kleveu did not. object, when the copy of this o ilci' was served upon liiin. liis Honor held that the error was fatal ; but granted a now order vi in/, icliiriuibl'. in ti fortnight. 