BAPTIST CHAPEL, FLINDERS- STREET. The foundation stone of the new Baptist Chapel, Flinders-street, was laid by Mr. David Randall, of Mount Crawford, on Wednesday afternoon, the 18th inst. The weather was most propitious, and by the appointed hour, 3 o'clock, upwards of 300 persons had assembled, including the Rev. Isaac New, James Lyall, Keen, G. Stonehouse, J. Hannay, J. Jefferis, H. Cheetham, Tuck, S. Mead (Pastor of the Church), and other ministers of various denominations, and a large number of old colonists and others of the highest standing and respectability. The proceedings were commenced by singing the 794th hymn from the Baptist hymn-book. The Rev. Mr. Keen afterwards read a portion of the 84th Psalm, and the Rev. J. Lyall engaged in prayer. Mr. D. Randall then went through the cere- mony of laying the stone. A receptacle was formed in the ground at the spot where the stone was to be laid, and just before lowering it two bottles were deposited in it — one containing copies of the Register, Advertiser, and Chronicle, and the other copies of the Observer, Register, and Advertiser, a few coins, and a docu- ment, of which the following is a copy:- ' This document, being a record of the object for which this chapel is to be erected, is deposited under the north-east corner stone. The chapel is built for the use of the Church of God, holding Baptist principles, now worshipping in White's Room, King William-street, in this city, and is devoted to the worship of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost— One Triune Jehovah. The Church was formed at Lefevre terrace Baptist Chapel on the 5th of August, in this present year. The stone is laid by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Crawford, on this eigh- teenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Rev. Silas Mend, MA, LL.B., being Pastor of the Church; Mr. Christopher Giles, Mr. George Shaw, Mr. David Fowler, and Mr. William Kyffin Thomas being Deacons. The Committee for superintending the new building consists of Messrs. George S. Fowler, James Whiting, John Beeby, and James Alexander Holden, and the Church officers abovenamed. Architect, Mr. Robert George Thomas; builders, Messrs. English and Brown.' Mr. Randall, having declared the stone duly and properly laid, proceeded to read the document which had been lodged beneath it. He thought the object which had brought them together was one of the greatest importance. The founda- tion- stone he had just laid was that of a house which was to be built for the worship of God and for the maintenance and support of the Christian religion. It was a great and glorious work in which they were participating— a work for which the Saviour came down from Heaven, for which He lived a life of sorrow, and suffered the death of the cross, that He might be made a sacrifice for sin, and for which He had gone up to the Father to become the intercessor between God and man. The result of that work had been most marvel- lous. Sinners had been brought from a state of alienation to that of reconciliation with God. He considered that the greatest privilege man pos- sessed was to be allowed to co-operate with the Almighty in such a glorious work. It was one which should awaken their interest and support, and he was pleased to see them engaging in it at that time by gathering together for the purpose of erecting a place for worship. Mr. Randall referred to the great benefits which would here- after arise from such an undertaking, and also to the fear he entertained that the Gospel which would be proclaimed in the edifice would prove the savour of death unto death to many who might attend it. The building was intended for the use of the Baptist denomination; and he felt sure that they possessed the sympathy and aid of other divisions of the Christian Cnurch. Although fully convinced of the truth of the principles and doctrines they held, they were ready to hold the truth in love, and offer the right hand of Christian fellowship to every one. He had frequently been struck with the numerous notices of the erection of new chapels which were constantly appearing in the newspapers. This was very satisfactory, and it was exceedingly pleasing to think that so many places were being erected for the worship of God. Sanctuaries of all sizes were to be met with in the bush in places where they would be least expected. Such a great fact ought to make them extremely thankful, and he hoped they would not prove themselves unworthy of such privileges. He trusted that God would continue to prosper them ; that as a people they would be distinguished for truth, integrity, and righteousness, and that the colony would become a praise in all the earth. Those imme- diately engaged in the building believed that they were called on to erect it, and had received many proofs of encouragement. They had now put their shoulders to the wheel, trusting alone in the Most High for their ultimate success, and feeling that without Him all their efforts will be of no avail. He requested the prayers of those belonging to other denominations on their behalf, and hoped that the undertaking would redound to the praise and glory of God. He had not entertained the slightest idea of being called on to perform the duty he had fulfilled that day. He considered it an honour to do it, but felt inadequate to the task. He had understood that the Hon. Mr. Angas was to have laid the stone, and had been informed that that hon. gentleman was chiefly prevented from doing so by the fact that his voice was too weak to be heard in the open air. His sympathies were, however, as great towards them as ever, and he was expected to take the chair at their meeting that evening. The Rev. J. Hannay referred to the laying of the stone, and stated that although it was a rough one no stone that could be laid upon it would possess more worth or importance. It was the first stone which had been laid in a house to be built for God, and it contained something that would speak for God. They could look forward to the time when the building would be old, and its walls perhaps overgrown with ivy, and when some future generation would be desirous of knowing who had built it and what it was used for. The paper buried beneath the foundation-stone would tell to generations yet unborn when the house was built. The stone was not only the corner-stone of a building, but one which imaged forth the stone mentioned in theBible— 'the corner-stone,' 'the precious stone.' He doubted not but that they had chosen a good stone; and the Almighty had selected one on which the future prospects of every one depended. He expressed his heartfelt plea- sure at being a spectator of the ceremony, and hoped that the undertaking would receive the blessing of the Almighty. The Rev. S. Mead, Pastor of the Church, said he had intended to give a financial statement, but in order not to prolong the ceremony he would defer reading it till the evening meeting, when he would be better heard and it would come more appropriately. If any friends desired to lay their contributions on the stone they could do it then, and the amount would be stated at the meeting. He went on to remark that man was so constituted as to render it imperative that he should have chapels or some other places of worship. In all ages and in every country it would be found that such had always been the case, and yet man was the only creature who possessed any desire for them. All animals, from the bird which flies in the air to the lion which prowls in the forest, confine their thoughts to themselves; but it was not so with men. Not content with building houses for themselves they must erect them for God, because there was something in man which always impelled him to feel that he must worship something beyond himself. Thus it was that among the millions of India there seemed to be a voice which proved that there is something in man which directs him to bow to a superior Being. Some in their own day had only a gorgeous ceremonial, while others worshipped God but refused to worship His Son. Others, again, build places for the worship of their own reason; for infidelity had her temples in the museums of science— the painted gallery and all that was representative of genius. The true child of God, however, only viewed these things as reasons why he should look to the Almighty more and more. They were engaged in erecting a temple to the Son of God revealed in the New Testament, and he trusted that God would grant them His blessing. The reverend gentleman then concluded by offering prayer. The plans of the building were afterwards placed on the platform for inspection. The designs have been prepared by Mr. R. G. Thomas, architect, of Gresham-place, and the whole of the works will be carried out, under the superintendence of the archi- tect, by Messrs. English & Brown, of Adelaide. The entire cost, including site, proposed schools, fencing, and various incidental expanse, is esti- mated at about £5,800. The following description has been kindly supplied for publication :— "The proposed Baptist Chapel will front to Flinders-street, at the corner of Divett-place, the north, or principal front, being to Flinders-street. The area of the chapel is 88 feet long by a width of 48 feet in the interior, but with the addition of the entrance lobbies and vestries, and the walls and buttresses, the total length is 140 feet, with a width of 60 feet. The present accommodation is for 730 worshippers; but by the addition of gal- leries, for which there is ample height, a total of 1,300 can be accommodated at any future time. The lower portion of the north front is occupied by an open arcade of three pointed arches, resting on cylindrical stone columns, with boldly-carved capitals, and giving access to a loggia, from which the principal doorways open right and left, there being no doorway fronting the north. Above the arcade, and separated from it by a curved string course, is a handsome rose window, enclosed within a deeply-recessed arch, carried by columns, and having a hood moulding. The arcade and rose window form a central portion to this front, and are flanked by deep buttresses having tablings and pediments with carved finials. The side-aisles to the front are occupied by the lobbies and stair cases, and are coped with stone, and have windows of varied design lighting the staircases. The central gable is likewise coped with stone, and moulded. The front to Divett-place and the west front are similar, and are lighted by six windows on each side of two lights each, with varied tracery of early character and mullions with columns attached, having moulded bases and carved capitals and deep transoms. Buttresses are placed between each window of two stages, finishing under a moulded eavescourse— a cornice with stone brackets to sup- port the rain-water shuting. A porch is intended to the Divett-place front, with separate entrance to the chapel. Attached to the chapel and opening into it from near the platform are a large vestry or schoolroom for present use and a minister's vestry ; these have also separate entrances at the back. The roof is intended to be covered with galvanized iron plates, with an ornamental ridge crest, and the whole of the walls have stone copings. The interior of the chapel has an open timbered roof, with semicircular oraces and tie-beams, with moulded purlines forming panels, and is ceiled to the collar- beam. The braces extend below the tie beams, setting into carved stone brackets fixed between the window openings. All the roof timbers will be stained and varnished. The seats for the congregation, the platform, table, &c;, will be of cedar and polished. There will be no pulpit, but a platform will be provided for the minister with a desk, and underneath the platform a bap- tistery will be formed in stone, to be supplied with water from the reservoir. The windows lighting the chapel are intended to have sheets of plate-glass fitted into the stone without frames, casements being provided for ventilation only. Besides the window casements, ample means of ventilation are provided by movable ventilators in various situations, and aiso by a nearly- invented arrangement of a continuous series of openings on a level with the ceiling, forming externally a sort of low clerestory. The whole of the roof is boarded and ceiled under the galvanized iron, so as to resist the heat as much as possible. The style of the new building is early Gothic, with details somewhat continental and Italian in character, although plain and unpretending. Modifications due to climate and local peculiarities have been unhesitatingly introduced.' 