." ¡' ..LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. . ' yni.' BETWEEN a quarter-to twelve and twelve'o'olook, the following membersvoam.o into tba House. The Honorable tho Speaker, tho Honorable CbárHs Cowper,' tho Honor. able E. 0. Weekea,. the I Honorable: YV. M. Arnold, arid ' Mossrs. Terry, Egan, Maolsay, L'srd, Buobanan, Forster, . ? Dickson, Alexander,,',Driver,- Garratt , júnior. Allen,. .' Sadlier, Wilson; Stewart; Smart, Windeyer, Moriarty, J. ,', T^ Byan, Markham, and Luosn, At'twolvo o'olook, tho , Clerk of the Assembly read the proclamation summoning " tba Parliament. ., Almost immediately thereafter, the . ITahsr of the' Black Bod entered, and' intimitod the ,? desire of the'obnimissidri'nppointii'd'to .open tho Psrlia.,,,.' mont,-that 'the member's bf the 'Assembly should forth- with attend in the Legislative Council Chamber. '.''.'>'- ?' The SPEAKER then, followed by mott of i thtf^nem- el bera present, left ibo,A perably. , , ,¡ ¡.",-, . t "f^is'l lun - At 'faùrtèen ¡minóles after 13 they returned, aoeom».,1, ""' panied by!sevpral other members.' 1 ' J t."x'"il Tba SPEAKER.then reported' to'the Hotise therestgí.'.?'} / nation of the following genannten : -¿Henry Parke's, BtqV"' late member for .East ¡Sfdney; Isidore J. Blake, K"q¿ ;j' ¡ ltte member, for the'Hunlôr.; John Douglas, Ëîq., late ?>< member fdr rCsrnlen ; H^nry 0'Br!'àn,'B!sq;, lato mora. ', ber for Yass Flu'ins ; William Copland Lssll», Esq., late ' member for Patti lt's Plains ; A. ' M'Arthur, Esq., Ute' ' . member fqr,Newtown ;iA.'W/. Scott, Esq., late member--, for the Lower -Hunterj and 'Charles H. Walsh,'Esq.; , late ,' métabèrv,;'for ', Goulburn; ' After . whiob the' : followings-newly-' eleoted members wera sworn/ in and: rook .'their .seatB :-Maurice Alexander,'' , Esq.,¡na^mpm er,for Goulburn; Peter Faugett, Esq,,as . : raemberj for'Tfass Plains;. David Bull, Esq., as member...: for Camden ;* Thomas 'Holt, Esq., a's member for New..'.' town; L\\--nteoant Sadlier,'as member for the Lows'r '' Hunter ; John Fitage'rsld Burns, Esq , aa mombor for the Hunter;.aqd.William Forster, Esq., as member for Etat? Sydriiy. .' '; . .';"';. ? , . ' In'addition to the members above mentioned, the fol- -- lowing gentlemen entered the House during the interval between the return from the opening of tho Parliament ' and . the arrival of the Govornor.ta-'Goief :-Messrs. . ? Leary, Lackey, Cuoceen, Love, Morrioo, Bums, Slither- . land, Dlok, Lowis, Hart, D ingar, Piddington, Walker, Dalgleish, Raper, Gray, Atkinsor, and Hoskins. A ' ' large proportion of tho honorable, roemhars took their 1 seatB on th» orosa bonohea. At teven minutes to one. " tho Usher ol tbe Black Bod again appoared and "slanifleóí ?? bis Exoellency'B pleasure that the House attend bia Excellency immediately in the Counoil Chamber, Tho ? 1 Speaker, followed by nearly all tho members present, loft the Assembly. After an abaenoeof nearly a quarter of an hour, the Speaker and a considerable numbor of ' - members returned. Copies of the spocoh were handed .'. round ; and ?.'"','' On the motion of Mr. Gi/WPEB, the House at one« adjourned till 3 o'olnok. ... . : ? rc : \ , At twenty minutas pasts, tbe SPEAKER , took th»..¡5. ohair. . > .jt*-^?*'' Ï^ÎIÏ^ .'- NOTICE«'i ' y ". '*"*\ ? Mr. MORIARTY gave the first' nolioo to tba effect- ' - That it be . standing order of tba -Se «sion that no new matter he introduced after ll o'clcok at night. 1 Mr. WILSON gave notice of a motion for a seleot corni, : nlitteo to inquire into the late distúrbenles at Burran-' fong. Also, for an address to bia Excellency, request. ' p.g copión cf all correspondence between the Govern. 1 ment and their officers in reference to the Burrangong 1 diggings. Alno, for a oopy of the warrant for tbe appre- hension of James Torpy ; and the correspondence on the subjîot of tho arrest of Torpy., Mr. BUCHANAN gave notice that be.would ask th« '' Colonial Storetaiy, why .the persons accused of riot al Lambing Flat diggings werq not admitted to bail t . -., , ^ PETITION. '.' Mr. FORSTER presented a petiti n from a Chins." ' man, named Simon San Ling, in which he stated that ba:' '?' bad been attacked by. an strand multitude, and his pro perty, to tho amount of £100, destroyed. He appealed to the justiae of tbe Assembly. , ',,'!, LOTTERY BILL.' ' ' . '"'. Mr. COWPER said that it waa lignai belora proceeding ' 1 with the reading of his Exoellenoy's speeob to présent st1 ' Bill end read it . first tiree, no as to at sert the right lofc ; the Assembly, to proooed to other business before he.ring the speech ir it thought At. Fie moved, therefore, that ".' a Bili for further restraining lotteries, which he now ' brought ap, be reed a first time. > M The Bill was rend a first Hmo accordingly. ? ?' ', HIS EXCELLENCY'S SPEECH. '. "", Tbs SPEAKER then sold that ho had to report that fie Honse bad that day attonded on bis Excellency' in th>) Legislativo Cunncil, when his Exocllency delivered :' a speeeh of whiob, for greater aoouraoy, ba had obtained a copy. ... [Tho Speaker H on read his Excellency's speaoh.] " Lieutenant SADLIIÎR then moved that a oommittea be appointed to draw np an address in rsply to hi» Exoellenoy's; speroh, noch oommittea to consist of Messrs. Alexander, A'klnson, Burns, Dick, Dickson, Smart, Leary, Weekes, Boll, and the mover. ? Mr. ALEXANDER ascended the motion, which'waa .' carried/ Tba comroitteo theo retired, and after a abort, tinta . retornad with tho following address : whlob, en the-, motion of Lieutenant SADLEIR, was read by tho Clerk v of the Assembly. - - . > >: "To Hla Excellency the night Honorable 8lr John Young, Baronet, Knight Commander or the Moat Honorable Order .of the Bath. Knight Grand Cross of tho moetdletlnfulehed Orderer Rt. Atlohael and Rt. Oeorge, Captain General and Qovarrer. ' In-Chief of the Colony of New South Walea, and Vloe Adml- ' , ral of tho (anio. *' May lt please your Excellency, " We, her Mejeaty'a dtulful and loyal aubjoote, the members of the Leglelatlve Aaaembly of Now Houih Wales, fn Parliament et semblad, desire to e< prose tn your Kxoallenoy our affection and loyalty lo tho person and (lotornmont of our Moat Graeloua Sovereign ¡ eod ID ollar our rcapootful thanks for your Rxool lonov'a epoooh, on mooting ne In Parliament for the fl rat Ilma. " We cordially reolprooelo the feeling of congratulation ex. firoiecd by your Excellency apon tho poasaealon of the polltloal iiatltutlona wh>oh the colony enjoys ; and we truat that a aplrlt of wiatlom and moderation w'll In,piro our aounaela, and gulda ua In tho adoption of euoh mouetiroe na may bo ea'oulated to develop tho enorglea of the poople and the reaoarasa of the oolony. " Wo aro glad to he Infonnod that the oondlllon of the revenue ' ia aatlafaotory, and thal the gold flelda of the oolony are looreaa. lng In uurcbsr and produotvoncaa " Wo agroe with Tour Kxoollonoy In thinking that lt la a maller of hearty congratulation that, Notwllhatandlng the aoveranoe of Queensland, tho population or the colony baa luoroaaed nearly 100,000 during tho last flro your» ; «nd timi lt le aleo a matter of congratulation that thia large lnoroaao ia chiefly In the suburban »nd country districts. '. To tho mnaauroa which will be submitted to ua we »hall give our careful consideration ; and wo unite with your Kxoellenay la regarding a apeody and eallafactory aoltlcraunl of the land quot- ' Hon aa becoming dally nf morn proanlng Impórtanos. To provide for the construction of thu Lnglalatlvo Counoll upon an elective natta ia also a matter of great Internat " The Billa fur tho management of the gnld.flelds, and for dealing with tho ChlneBO qnoatlon ere, we admit, of aoaraoly leas moment, and wa eli al I ho prepared to boalow upon them our early ' and nnxlouadollbcratlon. " We abell enter Into tho onnaldoratlon of tho subject of aoeondary piinlahmnnt with n Jual aenao of Ita importaaoe, and aa demanding our earuoit attention. " The l-'.vtlmatei, when aubmlltod to na, shall rooelvo oar beat conalderatlon, " It la highly gratifying tons to hear that arrangements are being marlo to encurn tho adequate ropreeoiitalton of tho ooloni , at tim Loudon Exhibition or IHiltf. " We rejoice to lo-rn that lt la propoaed la make further oxtonalt ntl of tho railways and telegraphic onmmunloatlona of the oolony. Tho me'nlonancoand linprovomeut of tho main lines of road throughout tho colony we rocognlen na mattora of vital Ira. portentia, end wu ara glad to Dun that ofTorla have boen made lo render quickly available tho funda provided by Parliament for road piirpoaoe. "Tba Ulli In empower tho Government to conclude a troaty with Hie oolony of victoria, aa to tho ouatoms' (Inline on goods crossing tho Murray from t li nt oniony, abell rooolve our atloutlve" ? ' ' . ooualilaratlon. ?? Wo are aware that'vila have arleau from tho abienao nf any gonernl ayetcm of management fur tho pulioo force, and abai! he prepared tn oonalder auy piopoaal that may he made for remedy* lug theao evils. "lt will afford ua mtioh gratification If, with due regard to the v publia Intercala, by any Improved arrangomeuta our parliamen- tary duties may bo In any degree lightened. Wa ahall, neverlha. leas, bo prepared to give our attendance In Parliament to euch extent ea th» public aorvloe may acorn to require, and wo Join with your Kxoollonoy In the aspiration that our laboura may, by tho lil,Ino favour, a tl lu the moral, soolnl, and polltloal Improve. meut of tho ooluuy.'* . . Lieutenant S VDLEIR would move that tho reply now rend lin adopted, and in doing si would offer a. few ri* marka. He supposed il was Ihe, ubutl ouslom lo pitos now members in this pos lion, probably arising out of ... the mrcuniitinoe that I hey woro not mixed up willi , sectional polillos, and woro tlieietore, more' at liberty to ex proas their opinions, The reply, contained a good many imporlont quel Inns ) lhere appeared, however, to {Oouetudtd on tlghthpUge-) " | ;i; 7 {Continued from fifth page.) ts Mn» emissions in fail Exaelleooy'a speeeb, (Obeera,) . What Ibis bad irim (rom be could not ur, but there wes one ominion that particularly strm k him, sod that waa'' io »eflrenes to a system of general eduoation. fOcerc.) Thia wai i question, in. whiob hereafter, without wishing- to throw ' any difficulties in the way pf the Ministry,- J he himself ebonld la * -an opportunity of moving if no one liss) lid io. He had thought the Ministry wUuId not allow that question to remain longer in abeyance, especially when regard was bad to the number of children . being brought np in' ignorance and vice. At tba present moment there wera 181 children in the B nevolent Asylum, and abont 100 in the Bagged Schools. It there- fore seemed to him that some more general system of eduoation was wanted. (Hear, hear.) His Excellency ' bad referred to the position ol the political institutions of the country. He (the speaker) was. happy that we bed snob, institutions, but be did not think they were sufficiently liberal. In his opinion,tbeotber House was \- 'not Btifficiently at liberty or snffioiently responsible to the -oonntry to enable it to carry out thoBo measures I which would be acceptable to the oonntry. He believed if that House had been in a different position last ses- sion, several important questions would have been f' passed, and amongst them the Land Bil! and the Obineso ; Bill. (Cheers ) Aa his Excellency had- referred to ,-. a change in the constitution of that House,, be (the apeaket) should ba happy to give bis assistance fo make \- it also ti re. (Cheers.; Until that branoh ot the Lîgis. lature became responsible to the people; they would never ba able to develop the resources of the country. ' His Exoellenoy had stated that ' the revenue was very' ' : aatlsfaetery. It must be . - very satis. Jaetory to tba country to. know- that . suoh was'tba case, nevertheless he believed that a great deal of poverty and distress prevailed. (Hear, hear.) 'His ? Exoellenoy congratulated them upon the inoreaBe of population. It was not always desirable to increase the population, unless they bad * the means of looating it. That oould not take jlace until the land question was properly settled. (Hear, hear.) A great portion of the \- present population was a kind of vagrant ptpula'ion-it , ..was unsettled-it was not domestic-it migrated from " one' plaoe to another. He considered it to be a danger- ous kind of population. He sbonld, therefore, be most , happy to promote tbe settlement of the land question. He boped they should be able to pass the Land Bill : without much debate,, though, he acknowledged, he ' . Should prefer to see a more liberal Bill. But notwith atandlng that fae would let it go with all ita faults, and . then, with the expetienoe of a few years, they might dis- cover, where the errors lay. (Hear, hoar.) The speech Ibid them that tho Chinese question was one on whioh they, -, mnst act with deoision. The colony * was . being inundated with people of . foreign extraction, who wero hostile to us. Unless tbey took measuroB to prevent il, be feared our gold-üelds . . would be overrun with them. The improvement of pri ' eon discipline waa an important quoalion, because, as '.. mattors now stood, onr gaol H were mere Softools of vice, " (Cheers.) He thought no Government had a right to ' send men to gaol to' make tin1 m worse than they were before they were put there. (Hear, bear.) He should' be happy to. assist in promoting tbls improvement. Tbe speeahoontainod areferonooto the prison discipline of the * - inotber country. He thought if any improvementin pri t .son discipline wera introduced, we should be compelled to aend home for men educated in the prison discipline ol the mother country. However good our plan of rJisoi ,'tpline might be, uniese wo bsd a proper ageney to oarry it cu', it would entirely fail. He did not think there . - were persona of sufficient experience ti oarry oat prison discipline in tbe colony ss it was carried out at home. It was satisfactory to find that the dispute about the rail- way works was Bellied. There was no question of more impártanos than that of Internal communication ; and, unless they established some general system, they wonld lose all the trade of the interior, whian, would go to other colonies, and would involve the people of Sydney in insolvency and bankruptcy. He was sure \- they .would all lend their assistance to promote tho im. Bt-iveuent-iof- internal communication, (Hear, bear.) The oountry had b en thrown baak greatly in her mer eanlile and other resource* through the want of proper communication. They might got supplies from England whilst wo Wiro sending them to Bathurst and other parts of tho interior. Tbey oonld obtain supplies at XUB?, from Melbourne, quicker than from Ibis oolony. AT to'the roads, be could testify that they were in a very bad slate. Large sums of money had been voted for the roads within the limits of bis conetituenoy, and he oould . not see how they had been oxpendet*-In fant the roads . were Just as bad as they bsd been three or four years .'ago. Tho settlement of the Cus oms' duties on tho Murray Hiver was an important quostion, and it wonld ba regardod wtth satisfaction hy the House. With regard t-o. placing the polioo under a general system of management, that bad boon already tried, and did not succeed. Until bo saw a Bill introdnoed for that pur poae, be should not express his opinion. Those were the cblof matters referred to in bis Exoellenoy'a speoob, and be should now.eonoludo by again moving the adop- tion ol'the address! Mr. ALEXANDER seoonded the adoption of the iddress. The opinion» expressed by the mover met lenerslly «¡tb his approval. Thero were, however, one 9 two matters in the speech in wbioh bo felt interested; ene of these was lita Kxoollonoy's roferenoe to the sbaraoter of onr institution». If tbb Benevolent Asylum should continuo in ita present crowded state during; tho maning summer, a very Iorgo mortality must be the consequence. There wore many matters in the address that lally met wiih his oonourrenoe. Wbat with an Education Bill and some other bills of similar Impor. tanoe, which would be taken into consideration this ses sion, he bod nn donbt honorable roembors would see the necessity ol avoiding long spoeoheg. If honorable mora, bera won Id speak less and sot more, they would get through the session with credit to. the country. (Cheers.) ' ' Mr, B(JOHANAN rose to make . few' bbservstions upon a matter of paramount importancb to the best internste of the liberal party. He referre'd to the ap. pointraonts lately mado to tho Upper" House. When ha saw that fhose appointments tcok tho entire liberal party hy' surprise, be bat adequately expressed their opinion when he said they viowed them with feelings of tba deepest and strongest aversion. ("Hear, hear.) When ha lookod over tho list of those appointments, bis great surprise was, that ho had not seen the name ot the lately rejected of that nouna-tho Great James Martin. (Laughter.) Ho (the Spoakor) onnld not soo how a Minister rvbn bod made the present appointments to tho'Upper Houao could cônsistently have ro grated Mr, -Martin's abacnoo from the .Assembly. Ho (Mr. BuobananJ oould not conçoives more suicidal aoursu than that the Government should send into tho Upper Haired mon over whom 1 they and tho liberal, party had obtained-the grenloBt Victo les-men who were the bitterest and deadliost foes of the 'rights of the people (Hear, hear.) It vis > matter ,of the pro. fonndest surprise,' that Mho Ministry'should novo appointed their most, formidable antagonists to tho Upper HdU»c-and amongst them a man who waa peculiarly odious to the liberal patty, a man wbo liad taken every oppo 'unity to ts umritte tho liberal party-; a man wu» o.idld ddtoénd into the grave with tho ouraei and exrorations of tbe people following him. Tr o SPEAKER culled tho bonotablo member to ordor, (br using thin language. ' '> ? Mr. BUCHANAN returned!, A man whose nama would'only be remembered aa illustrative'of pblitiual Srofllgsoy, and would be calculated to oall (orth tho it.erost hatred of ibis oountry. Imagino Daniel O'Con. nell closing bis illustrious oareer by abandoning every prinoiplo of his previous life. It was blgb time tho Aus. .Italian youth found a leedor more worthy of them than trr- ir. present aulñsh and rapacious leader, wbo was now, attempting to palm on'tbe Government somo worthless' land at af 00 an nore; just ts bo bad attempted to put bhasohalf Mew Zealand for some blankets. . t, Tbs SPEAKER »gain oalled tba honorable member to order, . . Hr,, BUCHANAN continued ! Tho appointments to .the Upper House were so bad that tbay wera obnoxious .to tho feelings of avery liberal. Every liberal contem- plated these appointments with disgust, and felt deep!} burt that Ministère had mada them. (Mr. Dniren: "No, no.") Those'appointments were held io universal contempt by tho libérala tf tho colour. : (Mr. DmvKn i ," No, no.") No men who knew tb'a meaning of tho term liberal could acquivsco In tho resuscitation of meu politically overthrown, and dead, He (Mr. Buchanan) should be glad to hear an explaua tlon that wnuld onuvinao him nf tba propriety of lhasa appointments. Tharo was rn'y ono'view In wbioh he oould .contemplate them, and that,waa that they would 'lender themselves no obnoxious ns to lead to tho abo litton of the Upper IIOIIHO altogether, if roon oould be found to pledge thcmeilvcs to abandon all their previous 'opinlotin, nml act in a particular way at tba dlatation of Ministère, they would ba more profllg ita than hobed hollered thom. (Olioere,) Ho had spoken strongly on this subject, booaUBo ha telt strmgly. He should have thought morn highly of Ministers if tiley had toudered their roaignatlonu rather than mada those appointments. (Ghosts.) Had ttiey acted consistently and rrsiflned, limy ifould bavo aomo back to power with an over, wl'olmlnp Indnenoo. Ile felt that the liberal party had aeon deceived. (Ohoets.) Mr. AL.1.KN uald ho, at ioast, eipeolod soma explana ,tlon would have beon given by tbe Colonial Seeretary to tb» qaeiiion of the honsrablo member for Morpeth, P rhapa it WM not tba lira« for ao»xpt»amrioa: Hatted jill opinion of int appointouDi» to tb»-Upper Houar-, and would, laka «ii opportunity of expressing it whi» tba proper tima fordoing so aune.* -He'did not agra a wicb th» appointment!, nor did be with all tba....bonoreb e member for .Morpeth bad «aid in bia apeeob. There was ona thing be obnid not brit remark that day-it appeare ominoua. He,never before that day saw a Governor ooma down iô'tV.s Parliament to open it »nd go hack again, amongst the mob without ' . oheer. (Amongst the mob?) Yea, amongst the mob without a oheer. The spirjt ol the people seemed dead, - abd the spirit'' of tho Ministers appeared to bo under a cloud. AU the important' mea- sures brought forward by them laBt session were abor- tions ; none of them had been carried to maturity. In poiniing out tbe neoesfity or a Land Bill, lbs address was Bimilar to the leal' of Governor DenisDI>'H. Tba representative's of the people were sent to this Hon Ba ta pas» a Land Bill, with -ihe great principles of irse se) rt lion and.deferred payments. (.Heaí-, hear.) .The. Bill was delayed lime after time, postponed after 'postpone- ment, until aotually ita supporters wero tired oat, and their plaoeB taken by the-Bill's opponents. He 'under, atood it was in'ended by tbe Government to fetob intbi Land Bill in thal Upper HOUBB first. Hu did not ap- prove of that arrangement. (Hear, hear.) Iii had littra ~> faith in- -Mr.- Wentworth,. Mr Deas Thomson, and many other tnemben of the Uppir' House, ni nob as be respected them. He did not believe'they would passa Bill embodying snot principles as would be acceptable in'the; Assembly and t< the oonntry, whose representative? the members of _thii House wire- On the 10th of Janna,y, 18(11, e^/^lrn: Bills were introduce > in the Assembly, alter seventy .dayl they were gone through and sent to tbe.other Chamber An Elective Upper House Bill was a Question 'beforè 'ih< oonntry for five yeara. The Colonial Secretary mnsl have known that the Upper'House would expire at th« end of that poriod. The honorable member had managed his oards wonderfully, turned the aee of trumpB everj time, and tromped it at last. He had wen Ike trieb. Tc save appearances an Elective Upper House Bill had been introduoed at an early period of last seaBion. On the 10th o' January it W»B intro- duced, ard with postponement aller postponement, .and delay after delay, on the lltb of April was sent to the Upper House, having beon eighty-four days before this House. To the Upper House that in March and April had eighteen Bills from thia House, and nine of their own; in May six more, were. sent, making thirty.three Bills, With the two Lind Bills and the Upper House Bill. They had-'a larger amount of business on hand at onoe, end paw oould they be ezpeoted to ge: through it. Yet, eve>y1h|rg- wa»-that Upper House-that infamous Upper House. The SPEAKER called Mr. Allen to order, and deeired bim to withdraw the expression. Mr. ALLEN explained , he was speaking ironiotlly, and did net .apply the.term in any other sense. The SPEAKER said- the expression should not be used in any way, and the honorable member must with- draw it. Mr. ALLEN withdrew the expression, and , repeated he meaht it ironically. Tbs whole blame of everything was left at the door of tba Upper House, when it should have fallen on others. (Hear, hear.) Tbe blame waa on those wbo did not send the Bills in time. (Hear, hear.) The supporters of the' Ministry had followed them too tamely; they expressed no will of their own, but they would this session. The Bills bad been amended and altered, and amended, until nothing oould be done. Another session ensues; »nd another year's salary. 'Hear, bear.) .They must endeavour lo force tbe Ministry to dp their bnsines»', or resign offioe. He thought -the speech might bave congratulated the Parliament on the restoration of peace. Not a word of the war or peaoe was ssid in it. The peteo was en- tirely ignored, altbongh ao glorious. (Hear, heir.) It was I esme, I saw, I conquered. (Laughter.) Yet nothing was said about it. Tbe military and naval farces, and the " Bull Pup" (laughter), aa it was called, went to do battle, and oame back agaio. The Queen would not think it derogatory to maka some allusion to ai restora- tion of peace, When the Colonial Secretary, on a former oooaaion, went up, »nd como do-vu again,-ba congratu- lated the Houso that peaoo waa established and all wa» comfortable. Again the war broke out, and tbe whole " pomp and oiroumstacoe" of police and war wa» (tarted to do battle; when they got up all wa»quiet, and they Cime down again. (Laughter.) Yet not a word was said about it. At ; the,'opening of the last session a Bill was to have beenjmmediotoly brought forward to authorise a oommisiion to settle the accounts between Queenaland and tbis colony. It bad not boen done, and, whatever is owing to us, Queensland is getting the' benefit ol. . Howovor great or trifling it might be, our overflowing Treasury would not be injured by its acces- sion. He expeoted the settlement would ba of a similar oharaotar to the settlement with the. body wbloh the honorable member for Paddington.ie the bead of. A Bill should have been brought in, and some means adopted to settle the question. (Hear, bear.) The speeoh says the revenue is in a highly flourishing state. On the 31st of August, 1850, they wera congratulated in the vloa-regal speeoh on the flourishing state of tbe re- venue ; in 1800. tbey wera again informed, in other word», of th» »»me thing. The anticipated revonue that vaar waa £1.600.000. tho -realised revenue wai £1,310,0 0. Tbii year £0.1,000 1B doe by ibe corporation, wbioh leaven, a balance tc oommenoó tba. year of £31.000, bat tben it ia owing to ns; if they did not spend tbo money until they got it from tba corporation tbey wonld have to wait a long whilo for it. (Laughter.) Instead of having £31,000 to oommenco the year, ho coneidered tbey wera £20,000 to the bad. If the works aro tb bo performed willoh had bean voted , for at the end of the yeer, they would be half a million in debt. Ho had no moro faith in any. thing the Ministry would do, or in anything coming from them, or anything they would promise to dc, than he bad in vaoanoy. (.Hear, hoar.) As for the addresB, it waa hardly worth while talking about. It said nothing;, and anything it attempted, to say "cannot be carried out. the death of the Upper Honeo wes with satisfaction anticipated, and it would have boen much more satisfactory if. tho Ministars, in whoso litada lay the nomination lo h now ' Chamber, hid their nominations ready for me occasion on tho 31<<t of Miy. On the 1st of Juno Parliament co"ld havo rtt.nsFcmblad, and on the 31st of June tho Land Bills, the Gold Fields Bil), and the Chinoao Bill could have been instil into law. (Hear, hear.) If tim Ministry had any bollol in tho measuros they would havo dana co. (FIear, hear.) Instead of that everything was left to tho fug end, every, tiling in disorder. Tho conduot of tba Ministry seemed td him to be moat unaccountable, and extremely wrong. After a lapse of s minute, Mr. HOSKINS roeo and said, il had been said that members of Parliament wero moto delegates, having no opinions of their own, and only in their position OB tho instrumenta of vhe Ministry in power, or by advocating tho prinoiplos of tbelr constituents, whether they believed them " or 'sot. Judging* from tbo con* duct, of the ' Ministry by tho 'contemptuous manner fn wbloh tho Assembly were treated, he was inolinod to believo they woro moro delegates. They must bo cringing syooplinnts and Bluves of those in power, or the Ministry wnuld never have re. fused to answer tho question of Ibo honorablo membor for Morpeth, in hlasomewhat intemperate speech. (Mr. BUCHANAN: "Not a blt of lt.") When they were ashed very properly for soma oxplnnttlon, they Would not deign to scoord to tba representatives a reply willoh, nu representatives of tho country, they demanded. Ho thought such oondaat degrading sod oontomptible in tba extreme Ho oou d not amont to ell the vitupern. lion of tho honorablo member for Morpeth against Mr. .Wintvror'h ; but lt appeared ox'rnordinarv that Mr. Cowper should ooleot Mr. Wentworth as I'roEitlont of the Uppor HOUHO : , n m.n who hod exhausted bi i vn. oabulary to find longuago sufficiently strong to vilify Mr. Cowper. How oould tho honorablo member, in justino to his supporters, nominato such n man to tho ellice of President in the Lsgialativu Council ? A fow years ogn, nn epithet was too vilo for Mr. Wentworth to apply to Mr. Cowper. Ho (Mr. Hoskins) would tell tho honer, ab u gentleman what peoplo who had made groat exer. tiona and great eaorlfloen for the Cowper Ministry wero say lug t it is, " Out with a Ministry who betray (lu lr charge I" ' How could tho lionorublo member nt thu head af Ihn Government koop silent aa these questions t They would ba told, no doubt, that theso gentlemen were pledged to Blip port certain moai.urcs, Ho con- sidered that those condition» were nf no value. If they wore, no man who had any respeot for himself would have accepted a sett on euoli o ndltions. (Hear, hoar ) He believed the honorablo gentleman would not; submit to be trampled in tho mire. They believed tba! they re- tained a light to 0X9T0ÍB0 on independent judgment on nil matters that might como before them. Again, they (the Assembly) hsd a right to aik wby they had had lour months' recess. Tho Ministry had told ihim thal they wished tho Land Bills to como into operation on the 1st January, and at tbs samo time that it was noces, ssry that after tho passing of thoso lillis, regulations should be framed for oirrylng them out. And yet four months wore allowed to país in recess, Hon oould they expect the Land Bills to bcoorao law? Wens tbs Mut. iatry sincero in wishing tho Land Bills to bee une lan t He did not balievoin the miserable ory whloh he heard in Sydney, that Mr. Cowper was indispensable to the government of this oolony. Otb. r tran might bs found equal to the task. Vat ell praoiioil purposes tba Forster Mlnlslry did ss well as tba Cowper Ministry. Gentlemen might be found to flit th« ofloos If th« Ministry Justes well ss tb»y 'weir«**lled at prèsvht -jost - c-ffiuislly,' »nd - without to much - br»ggifloeie. (Hair, heir, heir.) Trier« were other ieqoirfeaiwbiub tlicr bed a right lo mike., The bonoreb u Member tit t' e head of Ibe Gi verument had bren famous for the ro io» of getting rid of troublesome oppon* ula by ibo oxeroiao of the power of hin oui e io their favour. Some rerison was dtmanded for Mr. Pur kt a' appoiniment. Ii wau well known that Mr. P»rkeB had lived in Sydney, had not travelled in the interior, and waa not in any way particularly qualified to lecture on the colony aa (an n.migiation Bfetit. Yet t Mr. . Perke» . ptopoard ba ia sum tb ai te set apart' for the paip ? of send ng HRI IIIB to England ; and.in.a few days they fonnd Mr. Fm kee, an active political opponent of tl e Ministry, ap pointed to that agency. (Cbeeis.) When Jhry saw ibis in connection with a number of polilioal opponents to the Upper;House, they had a right to demand explana- tion. 1 be people of the Northern districts al»o thought they had a right to demand ol the Government a reason why they bad appointed a certain pi rson to high oWcp in tbs Northern districts. What qualifications bad Mr. Franois for tbe office of a diBtiict judge? There were soq^e wbo thought that Mr. Francia » as appointed to get ont of the way one wbose attacks in the Sydney morning Herald harraBsed the Government. No mi re sLould we see. in the Sydney Horning Herald those . slinging. ¿ftiolfa with the three stars. (Laughter end cheers, ' He f(Mr, Hoskins) bsked the honorable member to explain to- bis willing slaves, tbe n.ojoriiy or the meec- hi ra ef.that House, why he appointed Mr. Franois to the office of Dletriot Judge ? There prevailed but one opinion'in tbe Northern districts; thry believe tbey 'will be saddled by a liberal Ministry with a partizan Judge. He- (Mr. Hoskins) told Mr. Franois that he would,, bs narrowly watched ; and if the people found him guilty of political partiz'.nabip in the exercise of his office, they would appeal--not to tbe prosent Minialty, but to one-that would do them Justice by removing him. He'(Mr. Ht akin)-) believed the Minis- try to be cotrupt in all its departments. And i a, for one, would be prepared to join in ' turning out the. Ministry, even if it wera to make way for a Ministry opposed to bim in some politioal measures, but who would not make appointments of politioal adversaries'I The Government recently, appointed a gentleman to a olerioal office, a mere olerkship, and made it a political offioe. (Cheers, i The derk to the Execu- tive Gounod, who is sworn to seoiesy, is to be a polilioal officer I If he was to be responsible for the oonduot of the Government, be ought to have some control in the Government, and to have obarge of some department. The House ought to demand a reason of this appoint, ment. He (Mr, Hoskins) did not complain of the ap. pointment of Mr. Charles'Gowper ; but he did complain that 'the ' honorable member at the bead of the Government had ' made this oloikr ship . politioal offioe. He did not believe that tho people at the Tumut, most of whom were gold miners, and therefore wideawako and intelligent, would allow themselves to be made subservient to soon ap- pointment. He Baw in the Sydney Horning Herald, the organ of the Ministry. (Laughter, end " no, no.") It was said that this arrangement was soe'cly likely to be assented to by a subsequent Government. He (Mr. Hoskins) thought it was very likely a subsequent Go. vernment would adopt the sams privilege. Seeing that members seemed to think that they come there to get money for their constitnenoits, he thought it very probable Ibat any future Government would follow Ihe samo plan. A liberal Government would have tba oreditof initiating a serious innovation on the inde- pendence of Parliament. Tbe Honso had a righi to de- mand an explanation of tboso.Bppointments, Tba Ministry said the land question was one of praising importance ; no the people said at tbe end of laat year when they were appealed to. But what had Iho Ministry done to prove the sinocrity of their wish to get Ibo Land Bill passed ? Then as to tbe Upper Haute, tbe time lor paBi-ing a Bill was allowed to slip by, although the Ministry told them in November that they would . only have a short reoosB, ihe recess was extended to . twelve weeks. And now, they were saddled with an Upper House of nominees for life. He (Mr. Hoskins) said the Ministry were not sinoere. He had no doubt.that the honorable member at the head of the Governm -nt wished to seo a nominee Upper House. Tho Ministry had . not thought it of sufficient, impnrtanoa to pledge' .them- selves to the introduction of a Bill to re- gulate . Obinese immigration. No, they desired to have a short session.' (Hear, bear.) They were told last session that Billa to amend the insolvent and impound, ing'lawi were to ba introduced; Ibis session they wera not even mentioned. (Hear, bear.) They were told last session the Government intendod to introduoe a Bill to amend the Licensed Victuallers' Act; this session it was not mentioned. .(Hear, hear.) Judging from the oonduot of tho Ministry, oould they arrive] at any other conclusion than that they desired to have,à short cession to pass tho Estimates, and Bend memberB abeut their business. The polioy of tho Ministry was to keep their places, regardless of the commenta of the Press, regardless of that Asbembly, end utterly regardless of pnblio opinien. (Cheers.) He would eek would tboy censont ' to the retention of offioe by a Ministry who having been fairly, honestly, and gene- rously supported had forgotten their duties. Ho could only say bo had no confidence in them. Unless they introduced measures he oould support, fae would take every opportunity to oust thom. (Hear, hear.) The conduot of the Ministry towards their supporters and I the oonntry at large was disgraceful. He bad intended lo move sn amendment oensuring them, but be thought if they were let alone, they would die ot sheer inanition; sheer incapacity. (Cheers.) It waa rumoured that the held of tho Government had had an understanding with two or three conservative members, by coalescing with whom, and throwing his colleagues overboard, he hoped to osuso a reaotiou. (Laughter.) Certainly lt.,was high time there' WBB a reaction. . ,Of all Ministries that had pros Huted their patronage,. Ibe pre- sent was the worst.- Having rtferred to some'cares in point, in the Noifiern distriots, the honorable member oimoluded by stating that bo had no confidence in a Ministry who had proved false to their principles, false to their, parly, fslso to tbo country. In addition to this, they had prostituted their patronage to political supporters. (Hoar, hoar.) , , . , Mr. OOWI'EH: Knowing that there ware a number of merabers to spoilt OD this question, bad thought it ? rradont to .wait and hear what was the bill of indiot-. ment the; had,to lay against the G ivcrnment. The honorable op ore r had stated that tba Government might have mentioned several measures they bsd not'men- tioned. Tho faot woe, the Government were tired of bringing in, in speeches, promises and professions of measures. Now he boped the Home wuuld not suppose tho Government bad no intention of bringing forward only suob measures as were mentioned in the upc tob. A para- j graph in the speech indicated that they had. They had ; rçow prepared a. Publicans'Bill, on Impounding'Bill, a Chinese Regulation and Raatiiction Bill, a Gold-Haids Management. Bill,- and a Bill to Consolidate Custom Houses. (Cheers) Tho Seoretary for Landa would take oharge of other Bills, and tho Attorney-General again would take charge of others. (Hear, hoar.) The Government did not think it desirable to burden tho speech with measures, which, after all, it might not bo po.-aible to pass this session. It wan not beoauss State aid and education wera lost sight of that they were not mnntinnod in tho speeob. Ho might also mention that they bad preparad a Munio'palities Act amend- ment Bill, and othor measures, the .in- troduction of willoh would dopend upon the progress of other publio business. So muoh with regard to the objeotion takon by tho mover of tho Address. With re- gard to Ibu modo in which tho money votod for pnblio resdn had been expended, ho held in his hand a long ohht ritte statement Hhowing .how it was appropriated. With reg^rd'lo tho oon^emmilion of tho Upper IIi u-o by th« bdnornblu mom! er for Morpeth, bo (Mr. Cowper) felt Batitjftnd that honorablo numbers would not jiln with him in that .wliolmalo condemnation of eminent colonists. (Cheers.) Thu only compliment paid to eminent mon in thin colony, by the Legislature, had been paid to th.> President of tho Legi-lativo Counoll by a H use elected undor iuiivcrst.1 suffrage; and the result of that compliment waa that tb at gentleman's portrait was now hung upon tho walls of tho ohamber. (Cheers ) He (Mr. Cowper) thought bo oould safely say that appointment had met with genoral ap- proval. Tte honorablo gentleman seemed to assume that, as tho Government had put certain gentlemen into the Legislative Counoll, this was to be considered an unanswerable proof tbat they (the Govern- ment) hod no intoni on nf posing tho Lund Bill. Ha (Mr, Cooper) believed that tho Government bad acted wisely and rightly in making tho appointment)! they bod made He believed thero wes no majority there of indi vidual» opposed to the improvement nf tho oniony or to progressive legislation. Ile believed tho House would work DB well ns any nominen Honan oould work. Tho honorable member did him an inj ustión to assume, that he waa in favour of a nominoe Homo any longer than could bo helped. In all those insinuations nnd mieap prehenaions ho protested that tho honorablo gentleman had done bim an injuatioo. Neither ho nor any ono else had a right to assuino Ibat bid (Mr, Cowper'*) vlows bad undergone any change, or that hu intended to abandon his colleagues. Hu hopad thoo stat, min's wnuld not lend the H usa to withdraw its cor fldenoe from the oanoll. O mere.) ' It was intended to Introduce tbs Land Bill In the Upper Honan ho did not think sry reason had boen given why tba Government should not take tbst coarar. Whatever might bo ' the opinion of honorable saasabsis b* (Mr. Cowper) bad no doob', tbat Bill in ali ile mata fe*'ares won id ba passed by lb* oilier braoah of nba Legislature, in deference to the opinion« expressed by tbe Assembly.' ; Therefore if that should ba: ibe result, wbat would become of all the charges and insinuations of betraying the liberal cause. (Cheers.) He was qu-'te willing, if tbe expectations hi entertained should not be realised, that tho House should then withdraw its oonflüeoo., and send bim and bid colleagues about their business. (Cheer-.) All he asked the House to do o as to wail and see tbe result. The Hover ninon t we're su'ely entitled to a fair trial. (Choera ) What had happened within the past three or four months to oauso this change ? An honorable mem- ber had charged the Government with having ma-li man; objectionable appointments and only adduoed one instanor, and that of a Judge in the Northern dlBtrioi. He slated that this .was made for ooriupt purposes.. Now he (Mr. Cowper) hell himself responsible for tbat ap- pointment, and be would »BJ "that ha bad not passed hy any one more qualified or having a stronger, olaim.' He would ask the honorable member lo point 'ont ono indi', vidual passed by., He (Mr. Cowper) had bad a great diffioûfty in Alling the appointment on'acoount of tbe ? salary; From.»hal he o.uld ascertain Mr. Francis was well flited'for bis office. ' (Hear.) ' It was said' that he , '(Mr.' Cowper) had nala' the appointment because Mr; Franois bad been writing against bim in .tho news, papers. (A laugh.)."- -It waa" quite trna ne (Mr. Cowpe») had enjoyed that gentleman's articles' wheu they were well written. (A laugh'.) , But he could 'assure the House the appointment was not conferred on any polil lice) consideration ; therefore, thé "charge of corruption he disclaimed. (Hear, hear.) A Bill ' to settle tue Moreton Bay deht Would be brought forward ot the earliest moment; at thé'same time be* wonld not hold out any hope ol getting immediately ' any satis,faolory settle nent irom the jther colony.' If not the matter would have to be referred to tba Impérial Government, and some time longer elapse before the question would be settled. One particular appointment-more personal to himself-he alluded io the uppolntmonl of the clerk of the Executive Council- hod 'been referred to; The Government in making this appointment had only followed iii': the footsteps of a previous government, when his honorable end gallant friend opposite (Çattain Moriarty) desired to have*'his otJlco mode" political.' When that offioe wis: made politioal, and the honorat-le gentleman submitted io election; the Government of the day aotrd upon, it. He. (ftlrl Cowper) saw nothing un. reasonable where en offider' waa willing to acoupt a politioal offioe, that it ehould be made elco>ive. Tho, Government, of this oonntry bed .not too. many Ministerial offloer*. They Sid not desire to increase the number of Minist'ersfàt"present they bad, tba minimum number. The Auditor-General was' a polilioal officer, but he did not interfere in politios. Tbe Government bad no Solioitor-Genera). ' He thought it might be desirable to make the offioe of Postmaster-General a polilioal offioe. (Cheers.) ' It might be useful to Ministers to have the assistance of ono or two political offloers to co-operate with them. Without reference to any particular relationship, he thongbt it worth while to try the experiment. with regard to tbe Clerk of Ibo Exeoutive .Council. If tbey oould get gentlemen, who bad been elected by their fellow oolomats willing to aocept politioal officoB, not ministerial, they would begin to train them forfuture Ministers." (Suppressed laughter.) He knew it was Mr. Wentworth's desire' that the Land Bill should be passed in the foina it left the Legislative Assembly. As to the lapse of time which Ibo honorable member had referred to-the " fonr months recéis" as bo bsd tormod it, bo would at once tell Ihtm. ' It was a question, is Parliament to-sit all. tho year round ? They had sat four months, and novo comm sneed another four months aeseion. Buring the other flour month', they (the Ministère) .were well ard fully occupied ; t ey had to creole the whole of the other franck¿- of the Legislature, a matter of vtry considerable' thought end dare. They hod tn 'consider, a Police Amendmenl Bill, Upper Houae Bill, Chinese Ifhmlgtatlon Bill, Gold FieldB Bill, perhsps State-aid Abolition Bill, lei., therefore, he did not consider1, it'' an" , unreasonable .recess, in a oountry '-possessing a climate .like thia eight months were.sufficient to sit during tbe year. It waa aa muoh as any ordinary constitution couhi bear. The first measure the Government would' bring boforo, the House was the Land Bills, and the others would be' brought on as their importance would justify, or os the House may bo disposed io deal with them. If tho House then did not think the Ministers flt for their office, thoy would give plaoe to those who might be more approved of. Mr. MORIARTY, after alluding to some remarks' about persons holding politioal offices voting with the, Miniatry that may happen to be in power, said that no Minister in tho -world should tell him how to vote. When portmaBter of this colony, be contested the Glebe elcotion, end was opposed by Sir Stuart Alex nde'r Don- aldson, and Sir Daniel Cooper, and an exception was; taken to him because he held a Government appoint-: ment. Yet his two opponents, when they wera eleotid, both accepted offloes of emolumrnt, - He . would) have shown himself to be a very dlffeieat man tb the. gentleman in Port, Phillip, who when it was hinted lo: bim by tbe Ministry, that his views did not accord with: tbeirp, and there was a eons- quent probability :that be would loso his appointment, resigned His seat. Ile would hove noted differently; be would have kept bis' neat and resigned bis appointment. As to the addrea', be was satisfied with it; Ho entertained some doubts that the two Houses as oomposcd would work wol), or in unison.: However, ba hoped for the beat. He could not by Shy meads approvo of the language , wbioh bod been used, by the honorable membor for Morpeth, in referonce to the hbn'orable , President of the Legislative. Council. It was moat'indecorous. The. honorable member »bc ul fl never forget what is due fi on one gentlemen tommie*, or from ona man in a high position to another. -Mr. HART said the speech of the honorablo'Golonial .Secretary did not remove (rom his mind the impression he bad formed of the address. Tba reason given that many important matters had not been < alluded to wa«, that the Ministry ware sick of seeing hopes held; out whioh were hot realised, and were therefore bilent on them. It waa for them to do their duty, and the Assem- bly to doits duty. If Iba Assembly had failed to do its duty,- that did not remove from the Ministers the re sporiálbllity of'putting forth required meocures.' The only wey to form an idea of tboir intentions «as by the 'programmo they put forward. If they left matters oat for private -members to hring forward, in what was tbelr position changed from that of . more dorks f What bad been dono towards the amendement of the Municipalities Aol, n measure whioh enables'small seotions of people to inflict great injustice Upon them and oppress the many. Thoro wa« no attempt on the part of the Ministry to kmend ibo Distriot door's Aot, willoh oosts the oountry from £40,000 to £00,000 a year. If any department of tho Oovernmont r< quirod great and speedy improvements in tho carrying out of it, it wes tho ono of tho law. It bad beon the misfortune of the honorable'gentleman at tho bead of the Government that he hsB been un nhl o to get gentlemen of ability asso. oiotod with him oapabfo of Alling tho legal offices Of tho Cabinet. Whin ho contrasted tho miserable want of ability at présent exhibited by ; the legal adviser of the Ministry with the limo whon, under other ministries and Responsible Gi v.'rnment, they bad an Attorney-Gonoral and a Solioitor-Gonural who werri Iookod up to by tho oolony with rospoat, and of whoso ability--the statute books bore most convincing proof, by tboir many Acts reoorded in them, bo oould not but express rogret. Ho did not endorsa tho opinion that bod beon expressed of the ' Upper House; ho wai dlsposod to give them a fair trial. Even the Homo of Lords, whioh is Iookod .upun as the great préserver of England's greatness bad givin way on questions to which they wero opposed, when the oountry* had spoken out in an.unmistaksbln manner. It waa not by the passing of tho Land Bill that the prosperity of tho oountry would bo ensured. If tbe honorablo Miuishr for. Lands supposod so, he was diluded.. Other measures woro required. Allusion bad been made to oflloeB of emolument hr.virig been conferred on political opponents. It was not tbst whioh bad ahnken his belief in tho Ministers, It WOB that they had oonferred offlcos on Ihoso who wore sub- servient to them, whioh sapped tho vety foundation of political honesty. Ho should test the opinion of the Hone* era long hy a meannro preventing nny member of tho Legislature aooepting oflicea dom the Government until they, had ceased to be nicmbern of tho Legislaluro for a oertalri time, (Hear, hear.; It was the only way of preserving political purity ; and ho would eveu go further if he hod reason to suppouo bo would meut with support, and make it a penal offunce for any person lo reoeivo emolument for political sortions to the Goverr ment. AU thc magnificent scheinen of railwsy extension, tho famous tramway scheme upon whioh £4,000,000 was to bo expended; the schomo for collecting tho re- venue, preaont so unjust in its operation, by which tho banks, tbat now yield snoh Urgo profite to tho share- holders, wera to oontributo to the revenue, and tho saheme for tbe imposing ol a stamp duty had vanished. What bait become of them f (Hear, hoar.) Tbero were monv short.comings in tho Addross. It he found the Ministry earnest in tho intentions they bad cxpreBBrd, be would .support them, and if not, bo would give bia support to tbose who would do their duty to the country. The motion was then put and passed. PAPERS. Mr. COWPER laid upon, the table poper», which wore ordered to be piloted. RETURNS. Mr. ARNOLD laid upon the tabla oertaln returns, whioh were ordeied lo be flinted, > : j 