' To the Editor of Ike Chronicle,. Sir, The means afforded by your paper for giving expres sion to our sentiments and feelings arts duly appreciated,' { - can Bssuro you, for already we are deriving obvious benefits therefrom. , I have -grounds for announcing that, in consequence of ttlB ColonisI Treasurer's eiitrea tios, the Government have ordereil one ^lortinn of tile mail party to commence -their labours forthwith at this cud of the line, so even Hie most ludicrous ' scenes, yuu see, can be made subservient to. tile coimnon ? j.4»oa. ii«a nt»t Mr. L't'ank toiinolly mid the now celebrated ??Ohost' hunted and haunted poiVr ' llaly' about the ihatter, nur other sapient member would never have troubled himself ? villi it. The riOalry.-establisbed and .the pressure created by y.iur correspondents will; probably be tho cause of our rteriv. ? I tag the only advantages we can possibly durive froui lieing - represented by such a brace of sticks. May thoir continued . satire prevent us from all the ills which we deserve, for tmr credulity and political insanity. The Colonial Treasurer, I believe. i« in monstrous dudgeon at poor Italy.' He reproaches liim with the folly of com- ? iiig here— with stupidity for talking wjion he miglit luve got rem -? one to have written for hiin — with his attempts to draw odi.:us comparisons. He tells us through a friend, that lie is perfectly wil lug to obtain anything he can for us, if we will but keep our newspaper quiet— that he had nothing to . do in the ari'HUg«invnts of the Governor's visiting the North ,ai|d West, and therefore, that the letters which appear iu I your paper upon those subjects ought to be stopped, at once. Hie promises to tell Mr. -Italy ' what he thinks of hiin for his ; conduct Ht thai absurd meeting,' and is prejiared to. make ' an affidavit that be did more fur this district last -Session rtlian his bouncing colleague, and l^- rather laclirymosely . hints that he truitB'togive more satisfaction during the.ne^t Olie. - , .. . .. 'It is hoped bef^re.gien, however, beVlll resign liLis se.it. lie cannot be justified in retaining it,, ''when he fnU he has . betrayed and disgusted the majority of iOs constituents ? fur with the exception of the odious few who calculate upon heinj^ invited to his place in Brisbane some day, or long to be seen walking arm ill arm with him down thCjStrcet,. be hafc for. feited the trust and respect of every onc^tothe electorate, and lie has not the feelings of an ordinary triaf^if he sticks to bis place under such circunistances. Ere evej- we heard Mr. llaly's miserable explanations nnd fanny accusations, we had every reason to doubt tlie fidelity of the *' Brisbane hack.' Saw we him not asking the enor* - mous sums of money to be expended upon works which were originated and only required for the purpose of perpetuating the capital at Moreton Hay 1 Tee, Sir,, and we saw him violating nil common sense, all duty to his fellow-crc.it ures at . Inline and duty to this colony, by fixing the miuiuiuin price of our worthless lauds at 20s. pei-iacre, in order that he might please the Urisltane laud jobbers upon one side, and the soul - le«s, selfish squatters on the other. To tike speculating rn seals he bowed, lest their speculations might prove, ruinous, and to the renters of millions of acres of land he listened, lest.thcir tervestrial rights might be disturbed, aud,he lose . the votes of both. In Bi lling his conscience and his consti tuents that he might remain in office, he. has deprived the colony of ull present prospects ofgreutness. The pnl^, chance we have uf drawing a distant timid people to our ibofes, is by alluring them with the certainty of cheap land] and it the next electiou our watchword must- be Vfirms for littl«;'of nothing to those who will come and till tjiem.!! When that cry reaches Europe and is read in their villages, factorje£„ , and f ities, wb may expect tn be blessed with tlie patronag^ of \ the exodiziug world. Until then all the conventicle-toned, . ' endaverous-iooking Jordans which Brisbane can produce ' won't persuade people to rush to Queensland, Our present ' land act is a stain and disgrace to .our young statu te-boolc. It is calculated to create disappointments, engender specu lating, and -will damn the ojkmy,- if tha people don't imipedi- ' ately have it altered. U was. the offspring o^ kn^yes. «nd fools, a lwbrid between the leu fnlux Kfiifk- Riilllnff NDtiAttAi* and the owners.of ^eeply-mortgagcd freeholds around And in the large towns. We do.not forgef jt jvas our own member^ informed us, when that bill became law, ' that now wo should get 158. 'or 20s. per head, for our store sheep.*',- . 3%ey 6eemed to imagijiiethut the aeme of legislation was attained when tbey made that erroneous calculatlou, and fjtfled to see that the pet cftause which tbey intende'd Should bompel run finders to buy stock would more probably compel -them. L to sell country.. ? ? ? , . . Two things are miich needed to enable the pioneer to foim - ' a station, -viz., liibour mid liotiey. J am not aware that that land act supplies either. It is a 'misfortune for' the cofony that her district have been entrusted to the ignerjwt.and ~ ' designing. Our own members fairly represent earfr. party. Robert 0'6rady Haly as an independent legislator; nnd R. R. Mackenzie ns Colonial Treasurer and Postmaster-General Bra the inoBt remarkable spectacles of their kind that ever pre., sumption nnd folly ever brought into the world. ? Heaven send that their ttiends,'' the' Gbyndah happy family party style' will Soon be ashamsd of them. ' brtr Police Magistrate U tbbagbt m|i^ ^'but curiosity is busy to find out the claims which peeorameuded him to the notice of the Government. Merit^he- ^uquestionably . sesses, but we can hardly suppose that iC was Uie eaose t»T fhe' appointment, seeing that its antithesis {or antitheses) l»ave been the causes in 'all the others made.. Had Mr. c Haynes has been studying for the Treasuryship, or Buckles and Jordan and throughout aiming at the Premiership, wo then could have understood the Government. -departing fioin ilieiivpt ijectimi against ability a d integrity by n»»iiti«st this appointment ; lull, as oar Police Magistrate did not threaten politics-— aud, wu art) not informed, wits -going tof.llo\v Ills lirofossiiiD at 111 isbune — we -are completely. nnn-plujsaeJ, and must wait for the future us a solution to the « itittfaclory fact. Tim Bail. lianites.ura unamlably sore with y .u .«i-d tlie 'Ghost,' 11 (id if they carry out ail tlieir confidential threats j and swaggering remarks, me ju to afford thy mysterious cor respondent plenty pfrwoi1i. Tlie way they fling about a cer tain letter now is quite awful. So determined are they that they sliali not be agttifTnccuBed of forsaking it. . . ? 1 am, . j , «? ' 'Gayndaft, February 28th, I8(il. . I 