SELLING SPURIOUS GOLD AT BENDIGO. On Monday great excitement was caused at Inglewood by the rumour of the arrest of two persons (one lately a storekeeper, long known in the district) on the charge of selling spurious gold at Sandhurst. On inquiry the following facts came to our knowledge. We suppress only those por- tions which might have a prejudicial effect on the hearing of the case. Towards the latter end of last wcektwo cakes of amalgamated gold were sold at Bendigo, one of 15 ozs to Mr. Smith, of Epsora, the other of 34 ozs. to Mr. Seblemm, of Pall Mall. Mr. Seblemm's parcel appeared so suspicious that it was at once subjected to the melting pot, and besides a loss of 1 oz. 5 dwts. in the melt ing, it only assayed 15 carats. At the same timo it came to the ears of the Manager of the Bank of Australasia that Mr. Smith, of Epsom, had purchased a cake of spurious gold. Notes were com pared, and it was found that the man who sold to Mr. Smith was a German, and the description exactly, tallied with the appearance of . the one who sold to Mr. Sohlemm. Smith's cake on being broken up was found to be evidently manufactured gold. ' Largo pieces of copper, coated with gold, were found -in the interior of the cake, and what made the matter more suspioious was that when selling to Mr. Smith, tho man stated that lie hud been sent toliim by Mr. Mitohcll, a quartz-crusher at Epsom, at whoso machine ho alleged the quartz had been crushed from which tho gold had been obtained, but on reference to Mr. Mitcholl ho denied any knowledge of the man or the gold. After some further inquiry it was ascer tained that the name of the seller wns Carlhack, a German, lately residing at Inglewood. Armed with a warrant, Mr. Lizard (who -was present when the gold was sold to Mr. Sdileaim) and the Bank Manager, Mr. Konald, came over to Inglewond mi Saturday, in search of Carlback. The warrant was placed in Detective Slattery's hands, and that officer, with his usual success, managed to find and arrest Ctrl buck on Sunday night, at Murphy's Fiat. Carlback, we are given to understand, did not, fora moment deny that he had sold tile fjol-! »t Bendign, but he asserted that he did ac- merely on behalf of another. His further admissions and statement)) for obvious reasons we refrain from pirticolarising. It is sufficient to say that, in consequence of them a warrant was obtained against Mr. J. Harper, lately a storekeeper at Sandy Creek nnd nn old and bhherto much respected inhabitant of the district. Mr. Harper nnd Callback were ut once brought before Mr. L9\vthcr, and by him reminded to Sandhurst. Bail was accepted for Mr. Harper, himself in £300 and two sureties of £150 I'aeh. The appearance of the gold ia very peculiar, and after breaking up its spurious nature is evident. The outer part hns something of the usual appearance of iirr.nlginateil gold, though there is a suspicious tinge and deadness about it. The inside contains a = ass of gold covered fragments, which, on being scraped nrbroken show themselves to be tiumistakibly copper. — Inglewood Adver- tiser. Sticking up near Lambing Flat. — On Tuesday evening last, four ruffians entered the house of Mr. Kelly, at the Calabaslj and carried off all the money they could lay their hands upon, and a saddle. Each of them had a handkerchief over his face with a hole cut so that he could see what he was about. Two of them stood sentry at the door of the dwelling, with a gun each ; and the other two, with pistols cocked and capped, entered the house. At the time Mr, Kelly, his son. Mrs. Parkman, her son, and Mrs. Tout, of Moppity, were in the place, and were so taken by surprise that they offered no resistance. The robbers proceeded to tie thu hands of all the males, aid while performing this operation, one of those present called out ' Don't let them tie your hands,' which was met by a remark from one of the thieves to the effect, that if he suid another word he would ' blow his brains out,' raising the pistol as if about tn carry out tho threat. They then ransacked the place, seeming S3. ne £13, the property of Mrs. Parkman, which they took from a box ; they then compelled Mrs. Tout, who was only a visi tor, to hand over all the money on her person, amounting to £3 13s., and left the place, currying a saddle nlong with them. Next morning a pair of old blankets were found at the stockyard, where the thieves had left their horses tied up while robbing the place. Unfortunately the ruffians are unknown, and there is but little chance of their being apprehended. — Fas* Courier. Treasures op me Deep. — The fol lowing is copied from a late Auckland paper : — ' The last whale taken hy tho Prince Edward, produced oil which, sold here in Auckland, had realised the sum of .£9S2. But even this has been exceeded by the Swiftsure, of Now Bedford, which last season, in the same latitude, safely secured a noble fish that yielded oil worth tho enormous amount of £2780. Truly these great ocean nuggots are worth look ing after.'-— Nelson, Colonist. BONAPAItTE AND THE DoG.' — Tho night after- tho battle of Bassuno, the moon rose cloudless and brilliant over the sanguinary sseno. Napoleon, who seldom exhibited any hilarity, or e*en exhilaration of spirits in the hour of victory, rode, accom panied by his staff, over the plain, covered ?with the bodies of the dying and the dead, and, silent and thoughtful, seemed lost in painful reverie. It was midnight ; the confusion and the uproar of the battle had passed away, and the deep silence of the calm aud starlight night was -only disturbed by the moans ot the wounded and dying. Suddenly a dog sprang from beneath the cloak of his dead master, and rushed to Napoleon as if frantically im ploring his aid, and then rushed back again to the mangled corpse, licking tho blood from his face and hands, and howling most piteously. Napoleon, was deeply moved by the effecting scene, and turned to hia officers, . with his hand pointing towards the faithful dog, and said, with ovident emotion, ' Thoro, gentlemen, that dog teaches us a. lesson of humanity.' — Dcnton's Anecdotts. — ' ?? . Cax Healthy, Br/ixocc Teaks Oeoss the Mcbrat paoir Victoria ? — This point waa set tled ilefiiiiiely by the police magistrate, last Monday, in the Police Court hero. C. Hall, a teamster, residing in tho township, and whose trains were at Echuea with loading for Denilt qum applied tn know whether, if on elimination hy tho officers nt Moama hi- beasts were found to be healthy, he could come on. Mr. Kelly re ferred to the proclamation, and uai.l they could not, it was a hard case, he knew, but it would be a harder one if, by allowing working bullocks to cross the frontier, tbo disease was communi cated lo the herds on this side the Hurray, Mr. Fu-long had been stopped with a . large mob of 200 store cattle, acid another mob of 200 wm com pelled to turn back. He (Mr. Kelly) advised applicant to see Mr. King, ut Moamn, as it wm .possible that that gentleman bad received later directions from Sydney .referring to such ciae?, but as far a'* his reading of the proclama tion want, that document forbade all cattle — working or otherwise. A misapprehension re garding tho interpretation of the proclamation arose during Mr. Kelly's absence from Deniti quin ; anil parlies here were informed at the poliro oourt, that working bullock', if healthy, could cross at Mount ; tlmt misundoritnndim: will now bo rectified, although it has produce.! much incouvenience which otherwise might hare . been saved. — Pa*toral Times, May 24. , : Hop Bekb and its Pjmoe, — In the month of October laat, Tliotnn D.'Chong, the kouper of * boarding house in Deniliquin, was charged by the polio* with the heinous offence of jelling tiro bottles of hop b-er without boin* provided with « license. In his defence defendant alleged th -t at tho time he began business he tnqnired of the then clerk of tho Court whether a license was necessary, and was informed that snch was not required. From subsequent enquiries, how ever, it appeared that thet e had beon some mis understanding, probably, owing to the applicant being a foreigner, of the request made to Mr. Lindsoy, who saidhe understood the license spoken of to bare rcferenco to keeping tho boird ing-house, and not to seliinj; tho beer. Be this as it may, D'Chong was lined £30 ; his lawyer, Sir. James, objecting to the uncorroborated evidence of the police being received. Iho matter was 'emitted for tho consideration of tho Attor ney-General. A memorial was likewise trans mitted, being numerously and r- s -eeta- bly M'«nerl, praying that the punishment at least might assume a more equitable lelation io the oiruiice— if ofFenceit were. On Monday last — nfior an interval of six months— piitience is a pcossnry virtue in these parts— tho police magistrate stated that he wns in receipt of an nnwer from the authorities — 3uch answer con flrmine his provioui decision, mulcting P'Chong in A'80. Tho unfortunate celestial was present, and certainly took his lesson in English equity with considerable good humour, ond by tho exhibition of a deposit rooeipt for a good sura in tho b-ink, showed that. he was well pre pared for the unfortumdn exigonoy. A corres pondent, whoie letter we publish ? in another ooliimn, informs m that this littlo Hffiiir of tde Chinamen lii-« co*t tho latter tho sum of £13 2* — a fact which will, doubtless ennblo him in future to Mpprecitta tha pntronige of constables when ' doing their beer.' — Paitoral Times. Earliest Discoveby op Australia. — Mr. ?R H. Major, of the Uritish If luaum, has modo nn interesting di-movery as to Aiixtralia. In tho preface to his Early Voyages to Terra Auslrulis lie hud trnrel the eurly voyagos down to 1606 when he found a Dutch mti'iner louohin:; on that uulmoivn laud, and -t. 1ms boon generally suppoied by gRDgruphors that the Dutch claim of discovery wotd I stand good in all fuliirc time. But Mr. Mnjor has now found in tin British Mnieum a document (in the shape of » mnnii script mappemonde which transfers the honor from Holland to Portugal, jjivii.p to the latter country an advantage of flvo yeurs in nrioritr. Thin tlio earliest authenticated discovery of Australia U now ki own to hnve been made in the ye ir 1001, by » Portnsueso named Mnnoel Godmho di b'rudin or Horedia. — Athenaum. Vioibmt Ap»rav at Pabxinchiitbbt Gaol.— A desperate attack was, curly on Wednesday morniriEr, ma lo by a portion of tho refruolory Cockatoo Island prisoners removed to confine ment in Darlingliurst, upon Mr. Wiillis, ono of the warders. I he desperadoes — thi leader.) of whom were Lea (an accomplice in the Djru'liquin bank robbery), Inglish (» ' lifer' for nssnnlt upon Captain Mitclu'H, 40th), antl Clifford (con victed of highway robb-ry) — with nine others, were being retnrned to their cells from nn nil ing in the yard, nnd having ascended tha staircu e of tho trinl wing, and reached the top range of cells, a rush was mode upon Wallis, whom they assailed with holystones, kicked, nnd at temptod to throw over tho iron railing, A full from this height upon the flagstones bc tieath would have been almost coitainly fatal. The warder, who is ptsseesed of' more than ordinary physical strength, struggled hard to prevent tho consummation of their design by clinging fust to the rails. Tho noi»e of the affray being heard below, Mr. Kead, who whs ' at the door of the wing, hastened up th» stuirca-o with the senior warder, warders Leo and Arm stronir, and three prisoners anting as wardsmtn. Clifford, who commenced the assault, vks knocked down by a blow from Mr. Read, aud is now BUuVing soverely from a cut nn tho mouth ; nnd with tho energetic aid rendered by the wor derii, and th« prisoner wardsmen, the assailants were beaten off, and the whole of tliem put in irons. This nssnult appeared to have been on fiiis occasion entirely unprovoked; bnt it has been suspected for snmo weeks that Mr. Walli3, who is a somewhat strict disciplinarian, was the intended object of future vengeance, when an opportunity should offer. — S. 3f. Herald. A Cheat Outwittrd. — A Durch widower, out Wi-sr, whose better half departed on a long journey to tho spirit land some months ago, determined tho other day to consult the 'Rap- pers,' and endeavour to obtain a spiritual com munication, feeling anxious respecting tho future state of his wife. These rappers were not the genuine ' mediums,' but a bogus kiiid — adrentu- rers endeavouring to reap a harvest out of tho lato mysterious development*. After tho n«unl cere monies, the spirit of.' Mrs. Hauntz' manifesto 1 liy raps its irillingncs* to converse with her disconsolate spouse. ' Yes, dearest, it is your own wile, who— — ' ' One lie ! you tevil of a ghost ! ' interrupted ITuiinlz, starting from his seat} 'mine fr.»u speak notting but Deutch ; and Bhe never Baid tcarfst in her life. It was always 1 Hauntz. you tief ' or ''flauntx, vou tirty schkamp'' And tho Dutchman hobbled from the room, Well satisfied that Iho 'ropptjc spirits ' were all humbug*, and that ho was safo from any further eumraunicarion with his shrow frail on thiseurth. Cause akd Eppkct. — An old lady who was' apt to be troubled in her dreams, and rather superstitious withal, informed the piraon of tho parish that on the night previous oho dreamed she saw her grandmother, who hod been dead for ten years. 'The clergyman asked what she had been eating ? ' Oh, only half a mince pie,' was the reply. « Well,' said he, ' if you had devoured the. other half, you might probably have Been your pranilfather.1' ATOnumir Kehoskne. — A letter has been written to the S. JIC Herald, npon the above subject by a gentleman who, some eight years ago, carefully exajniued some of the Tasmuuian shale, which is Terr plentiful in the jlerupy district, and he thinks it likely that a similar formation may be found in the neighbourhood of some of the coal fields in this colony. It is of a dark drab color, approach to a dull reddish brown, and when held in the flame of a candle it takes fire and continues to burn with a bright white flame. Little has been done wish it in Tasmania, although its nature has been long known. The writer says:— 'That » liquid resembling kerosene may be obtained from this ?halo I do not doubt. - It might also be used for the raunufnoture of a grease that would be most useful for railway purposes, and it is not im probable that the residue in the retorts left after the rnitter has been subjected to destructive dis tillation would bo found of Bervice as a manure. It also yiolds tar of a.very good quality, and the i!B9 which may be obtained from it would be found to posess a h'gh illuminating power, though, I fear it would choke ar.y pipes of the usual size, so as to render its use for general purposes impracticable.'— Maxtland Ensign. Kanqaboo . Butcuebs.— An exterminating: war ' is at present been waged on the poor, kangaroos' at lake Condon, near Hey wood, where they fall daily in hundreds. A Vast yard and break has beon erected, into which thesn poor animals are driven by upwards of fif,y horsemen, and the poor kanzaroo, like other denizens of tho Australian forest, will noon become a matter of history. — Portland Guar dian. Punno. — The provisions of the Act for r.»gu lating the police in towns, end for removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions, and for the better alignment of streets therein, have been extended, by proclamation in the Government Gazelle, lo the township of Dubbo. COWRA.— On the 18th of. May, from Odniinbla, by' W. Hood, Eaq j damages 10s each ; —Bay draught mare, IT over B near shoulder, JNott* shoulder, aged, about 15 hands high ; bay mure, .IW over S near shoulder, near eyo blind, aged, about lli hands high ; black foal, 1-3 over .T\V hear shoulder, docko I tail, about 10 months old ; black draught horse, S near shonlder, J off nhoulder, B-ecl, about 16 hands \dzh- If not released, will be sold on tho 18th June. . \V. Mooeb, Poundkecpnr. Men differ in their power of conception, but move in their huhits of attention ; but concep tion is in all men much strengthened by habit. O110PWSO Loaic. — Said Jack to Bill ' How many legs would a calf have, calling tho tail ono ?' ' Five,' answered Jack. ' No, it wouldn't ; for calling the tail one wouldn't make it no.' . ? ? ' ; Air Exception. — 'There is no rule without an exception, my son.' 'Oh 1 isn't '.there, ' pa ? A man must always bo present while ho is being shave 1.' Oil ! my do ir, hadn't .vou better eenJ this child to bed ? he's too clever.' ? 