THEATRICALS AND MU&IC.; THEATRE BOTA1 The terra of Mr. Lyster'n les««eship of this theatre expired on Friday se'nnight, when a crowc'.ed attendance manifested tho high appreciation whir.ft tho musical pnblie entertain of tho industry and t^ct displayed by that gentleman in his management. The company havo since left for Sydney, whero they \»U1 sojourn for a month, and then return to this* city to enter upon another operatic campaign. On Saturday night tho members of tbo Garrick Club gavo a performance in aid of tho Benevolent Asylum, but were vcrv ludifferently supported in their laudable object by the public The pieces wero Lovcll's play of 'Love's Sacrifice,'1 and the farce of 'Tho Double Bedded Room,' tho Intter re christened for the occasion ' Tho York Festival ' Tho play was rathor too much for tho amateurs, inasmuch as a full knowledge of the resources of stage effect is indispensablo in those engaged in its representation, and this was ^de cidedly not perceptible in the actors on this ocoasion. Not tfiat there was any lack of demonstrative action on the part of Mr. Hayward, who impersonated Matthew Elmore, or absence of by-play on that of Mr. Banks as Lafont, for to tell truth there was at least an ample sup ply of each quality from these gentlemen. But neither one nor tho other was so successful as wo could have wished in imparting dignity to the chaiacter he assumed. Mr. Hayward too frequently overstepped the modesty of nature by indulging in tho old melodramatic action of bygone days, and he even occasionally passed tho boun dary lino which separates the two extremes of tragedy and' burlesque. He has, too, an unfortunate tendency to mouth his words that must be thoroughly eliminated before he can hope to 6uccted in characters tho imper sonation of which by Jlr. G. V. Brooke has left an in effaceable impression upon tbo theatrical pnblie. Mr. Banks's Lafont was as a photograph of Mr. Youngo's in the character, so like indeed to the original that the Garrick Club may congratulate themselves upon pos sessing a member who can recal at will tho peculiarities of the clever actor who has just left us. Mr. Jscaler made a tolerable figure in tho port of Jean, but spoke so low that little of his part of the dialogue could be heard Tho character of Margaret Elmore found a very able representative in Miss Rosa Dunn, whose modest, un affected style is well adapted to develop the' tender and pathetic sentiments of so essentially feminine a heroine. The chief defect which this premising actres3 his to remedy is an unpleasant ttick she has acquired of subdividing her sentences by substituting full stops for commas. Once freed from this blemish, her voice will sound less mono tonous, and sbo has given sufficient evidi-nco of the possession of intelligence of a quality c.ipablo of being turned to valuable account in the profession sho has selected. Mrs. Alfred Phillips, as the femalo domestic of Lafont, supplied an amount of substantial joviality which amusingly contrasted with the lugubrious plea santry of her starveling admirer. Jlrs. Chester, who was a member of the company attached to this theatre when it was under the management of Mr. John Black, took a benefit on Monday night, but was very meagrely patronisod. ' The Lady of Lyons,' in which the prin cipal characters were assumed by members of the Garrick Club, was the leading item in the programme. Mr. Hajwsrd'i Clande Melnotto was much too lacka daisical and clergyman-like for our taste, nnd the Beau seant was abominably bad. M is3 Sinclair's Pauline as much resembled the proud beauty of the Rhone as a lay figure does a living model. It is only fair to this lady, however, to st»te that the character i's not of tho class in the representation of which her specialty lies. Wed nesday evening was devoted to tho amusement of Mr. F. Yoimge's patrons, that gentleman having arranged with Mr. Kyto for possession of the theatre for one night. The 'audience was only moderately numerous, the electioneering excitement powerfully operating against the interests of theatricals. The comedietta of 'Tho Chimney Corner,' in which Mr. Younpo appeared as 'Peter Probity,' and Mr. Harwood as his aged father, was' well received, nnd Madame Stuttaford, Miss O. Hamilton, and Mrs. F. Younge sung several eongs between tho pieces with such E leasing effect upon the audience that each lady was onoured with an encore. Tho burlesque of ' Lalla Rookh,' revived on this occasion, was as well received as if the grotesque villainy of Kborsanbad ai.d the di verting extravagancies of the tyrant Aurungzebe wero novelties. The absence of the panorama, and still moro of Lambert's amusing impersonation of Fadladeen was sensibly felt by the audience, although tho omissions wero to some extent compensated for by Miss Nayior's version of tho peri Namoune— an undoubted' im provement upon that which her predeceaser in this character supplied. On Thursday, Mr. Harwood, who in the double capacity of actor and stage-manager, has made a reputation for himself which will hencefor ward identify him as one of tho most valuable artistes attached to the colonial stage, had a benefit. Again on this occasion the genius of politics established a malevo lent effect in the public mind, causing the softer in fluences of the drama to bo powerless. The audience, we wero sorry t» remark, was oven less numerous than that of the previous evening. Tom Taylor's petite comedy 'Nino Points of the Law,' the farce of 'A Model Husband,' and 'Lalla Rookh' were performed. The first named had never been previously represented here, and accordingly a brief description of the plot may be acceptable. Mrs.Smylie(Miss Mortimer), aj-oung widow, is in possession of a cottage which tho former owner intended to leave her by his will, but by tho un intentional retention of a codicil which revoked his gift and bestowed it upon one Joseph Ironsides (Sir. F. Younge), a Manchester manufacturer, this individual attempts of ft rough exterior, is tho possessor of a gcnerouB heart. Ho nrrives nt tho cottngo with hU lawyer, Air. Cunningham (Mr. Cull), for Ihe purpose of dlsp'oBsefslDg the widow, and being far from favourably improved by tho reports which have reached him of her active ma nagement of the estate, he imagines his tenant a strong minded fomalo, upon whom gcntlo behaviour would be thrown away. His first interview with her convinces him that he had mistaken her character; his claims nro admitted and his forbearanco acknowledged, while his sympathy is strongly excited by tho mild demeanour of his fair companion. In the person of ItodomonH Rolling stone (Mr. llnrwood), Ironsides recognises an adven turer, who bad endeavoured to obtain from him the oxecution of an order for olothin' for tho army of tho Kinj of tho Mosquito shore, and finding th&t; this worthy is matrimonially inclined towards Mrs. Smylio, his inte rest for that lady becomes mure powerfully aroufed than ever. Ho informs her of the character of her unworthy admirer, and sho in return expresses to him the treacherous conduct of Cimninnliam, who, In 11 provious interview with her, had offered to transfer his legal ser vices from Ironsides to her in tho hopes of reaping largo profits out of toe actions, which ho surmises will ariso if jlis disputp.B the validity of tho lcgncy to hiB formor client. Ironsidos is so Btruok with tho widow's intelli gent generosity, that he execute! in her favour a deed of uift conveying the property to her, nnd the mercenary motives of ltollingstone nro betrayed by his resignation of her hand when alio (can up the deed by way of testing the extent of his disintcrcaiodncfis. Tho npshot is, that Ironsides makes her an cfler which Bhe accopts, and tho piece closes wiih a motrical ' tog,' In which 'tho peculiarities of each of the prindpsl characters aro effectively marked. The pisco was very well acted, and would bear repetition. Tho company engaged by Messrs. Hoskins and Holt includes sonio well known names, as Miss Harland and Mrs. A. Phillips, nnd several whose owners are either unknown to tho Mul bourno stage or have only a slight acquaintance with it. Tho season commences to-night, when 'Hamlet' will be performed, Mr. Holt being the impersonator of 'he misanthropical Danish Prince, and Mr. Hoskins appear ing as the Ghost. Miss Harlund is to enact Ophelia. The afterpieco is tho farce of ' SI. P.' In tho interval between the pieces, Mr. Hoskins will announce tho result of the elections so far as tlioy have proceeded. PBIXCEIIM's' THEATRE. Loman Rodo'fl drama, 'Sixteen Stringed Jnok,' which was originally produced at tho old Olympic Theatre, London, when that establishment was under the management of the late George Wild, was presented on Monday, and has been played every night Bince with considerable success. Mr. Fawcott enacts tho part of tho chivalrous robber with great ability, nnd Mr. rituart makes Kit Clayton as amusing as could bo doslred. Sonio of the scenery is very woll painted. Tho repreBentntion of Hounslow Hoath by moonlight is ox treinelv picturesque, and tho robbory of Beau Drum moll, who driven 6u in a gig, and Is ordered to stand and deliver, in orthodox fasliion, by Kann, whoso roprenen lativo is mounted on a fine black horse, and looks overy inch a highwayman, is admirably managed, and has an exceedingly auiinatud effect. Thero is not much for the actresses in this niece to porform. Mi6s Julia Mntthows, however, ns Adalgisa, sings a ooinio medley duet with Mr. Stuart, which is mirtb-provoVlng in the extreme, and has been encored each evening. 1'ItIXCJE OV WAI.ES TEEAinE, This place of amusement will be re- opened this''e;en-' iug under the management of Miss Harriot Gordon, v.'ho has assumed the entire direction. Among hor com pany wo observe Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Younge, Mr. Charles Walsh, Mr. J. P. Hydes, anrt other celebrities. pnovisoiAi.. AitAUAT.— Wo extract the following from Tuesday's Advcrlucr .— ' Tho Shamrock Concert Hall was toler ably attended last evening, upon the occasion of tho entertainment given by Madame Carandlnl and hor company. They had originally intended to perform her« on Saturday evening, but owing to the dreadful state of the roads between here and the Port Fairy district, they could not arrive until yester day. The concort last night was most enjoyable, Madame Carandini and Mr. Sherwin in tho scene from tho opera of ' Norma,' wero very successful, and met with a perfect ovation of nnplauso. Mr. Small was as humorous as over, and Miaj Chalker also sang cxtrcrnqly well. TI10 entertainment will b» repeated this evening. Tho com pany perform at Burnsidea hotel, Pleasant Creek, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings noxt.' Back Ciikkk.— (From the iV. IF. Chronicle.)— Tho Theatre Royal, under the management of Madame Durot, opcucd on Saturday last with an American production, entitled ' Charlotto Corday, or tho Rose of La Norman dio.' The plot is cast in tlio time of Marat's presidency of the National Convention. There is not much to ad miro in the plcco owing to the sanguinary incident* which pervado it. Tho acting, however, was very good. Madame JJuret appeared as tho heroine, and entered well into the spirit of the character. Mr. Carey took the part of Frederick Beauehamp nnd rendered it satis factorily. Mr.Jackson, as usual, excited the laughter of tho audience by bis amusing acting of Frank Fibta. The remainder of the characters were well '''tained Betweenthe first and afterpiece, Mr. Jackson ?PPO»rcd as Billy Barlow, nnd gave his opinion of tho candidates for Legislative honours. Some of tho verses ho Bang wero witty and to tho point. The afterpiece, The King's Gardener,' was amusing. Mr. Harry Jackson as Galochard, and Mrs. Jackson ns Madame, evoking from the audience very hearty laughter. On Monday the house was well attended, and on Tuesday night 'The Idiot Witness ' and ' Tho French Spy ' wero produced. Ballaahat. -Notwithstanding the adverse influences of wet weather, dark nights, and muddy streets, Sir Wil liam and Ladv Don still continue to attract crowded houses at the Koyal. On Friday of last week— announced in the bills as ''a grand fashionable night' —tho honso was crammed from pit to ceiling. Tho performance com menced with ' Tho Serious Family,' in which Sir Wil liam and Lady Don appeared as Aminadab Sleek and Mrs. Orinsby Dalmaine. Those familiar with the piece (and who is not?) will understand at oncu that Lady Don, as the fashionable young widow, created a most favourable impression ; but Sleek is not one of the baro net's best characters. As Toodle?, in the afterpiece of that name, he kept the house in ono almost painful y sustained roar of laughter; ably seconded by Mis. bill, who, both as Lndy Sotrerby Creamly ami lira. Tcodles, played admirably. ' The Colleen Bawn' was presented on Saturday, and the pit and gallery looked as if the money-takers had issued their last ticket, and thero was not room for even ono 'small boy' more. Tbo happy manner in which Sir William sustained tho part of M3'les na Coppaleen shows that ho has an excellent knowledge of Irish as well as Scotch character. Lndy Don, who appeared as Eily O'Connor, was Gei aid Griffin's peasant girl to tbo life, and imparted an additionnl charm to tho character by her singing of tho ballads incidental to tho piece. On Monday tho house was fuller thnn_ ever to see ' tho stars' in tho new burlesque of ' Kcnilworth,' which was very fairly mounted, and went off to the satisfaction of the audience, if continuous applause and frequent en cores aro a sign of favour. Sir William Don, as Queen Elizabeth, although evidently suffering from sevcro in disposition, was excessively comic, and by his immense height and ludicrous gestu'res set off Lady Don'fgraccful impersonation of the pnlhint Leicester to the best ndvnn tsge. Miss Fanny Young vm also excellent in tho character of Tressillian. On Tuesday '' Domestic Econo my ' was the novelty, followed by the farce of ' The Two Buzzards. 'Kenilworth ' has heen played ns tho concluding piece through tho week. Up to the present time the engagement of tho Dons has proved tho most lucrative ever entered inlo by tho lessees of tho Royal, nnd well they de«erve their luck. At the expiration of tha season Mr. Holt will in all probability resign his connection with the house, leaving the management in the hands of Mr. D. Symons, a gentleman who has already proved himself such a pomilar purveyor for the public'taste, that a most attractive series of novelties may be expected under his regime. Bf.ndigo.— On Saturday tho Royal was crowded to witness the performance of the 'Rival Pages.' 'John Wopps,' and 'Paul the Pilot;' whilst on Monday there was a full houso to see Mr. H. N. Warner and Miss Lockhnrt in ' The Wonder.' On Tuesday the perfor mance was for the benefit of Miss Rose ICdoiiin, the sub joined notice of which is from tho Advertiser:— 'Tho largest audience with wbicb tho Koyal has been honoured since the commencement of the electioneering campaign, assembled last evening on the occasion of Miss Edouin'n benefit — dross circle, boxes, and pit being crowded — and we may fairly congratulate tho young lady on tho suc cess which attended her nppenlto her constituents, who evidently have a high opinion of the fair candidate's histrionic abilities. Tho performances commenced with the three-act drama of 'Tho Writing on the Wall,' which, it m»y bo remembered, was played on the first night the Royal was opened, under Mr. Henderson's management. Miss Edouin's acting of Charlotte Smithers was excellent throughout, and her assumption of a country dialect and manner being necessary to the working out of the under plot of the play, gave hern good opportunity for n display of the versatility of her powers as a comic actress. On her first appearanco she was greeted with ns uproarious and hearty a welcome as ever eladdened tho ears of actress on Sandhurst boards. The drama itself is of n good stamp, the serious and comic elements arc judiciously mixed up in it, the lan guage is lorcible, and at times of a superior style, the situations ore arranged with skill, and the plot intelli gible and vigorous in its execution. Every one of the actors engaged did their best, and the applause they re ceived showed that tho audience appreciated tbeir efforts. Miss Edouin was recalled on the fall of the curtain, and delivered an address, in which politics nnd theatricals were rather absurdly mixed up. Tho per formances concluded with the farce of ' Bowled Out, in which Jlr. Grevillo, as one Ezekiel Yearner, an orator, treated his audience to a repetition of his Aminidnb Sleek, and disgusted not a few by the palpable indeli cacy of some of his, or tho authors language, which, whether emanating from Grevillo or Craven, should, if tho proprietors wish to maintain the respecta bility of their establiihment, bo expunged from the text in the event of the farce being repeated.' L.ist evening the performance wna to have beenfor the benefit of Mr. II. N. Warner, who closos his engagement to-night. Thatcher is still at the Lyceum. Isoi.ewooo.— On Tuesday last tho Dunolly Amateur Dramatic Club played 'London Assurance' and 'Box and Cox,' at the Royal, for the benefit of the funds of the Dunolly District Hospital. The amateurs were as sisted in their exertions by Mr. and Mrs. Iloir. COIOXIAI. Adblaidk.— The following is from last Saturday's Bell:— ' Mr. Coppin has been entertaining tho public with undiminished success at the Victoria during tho week; supported not only by tho corps drumatinuc in troduced by the lessee, but also by tho well-known favourite, Mrs. Lambert, and two new accessions, Mr. and Mrs. Cox, who arrived In9t week from Victoria. On two or threo occasions the theatre was crammed, and the spectators fully ovincod their appreciation by thun dering npplause, encores, and tho other usual modes of expressing keen approbation. The performances at tho Port have been equally satisfactory in regard to its comparative population. Whatever might have been the weight of Mr. Coppin's purse, on his arrival, ho must be a very extravagant follow if it be not considerably heavier at his departure.' Sydnbv.— The. following is from BelTs Life of last Saturday:— 'The pist week has added greatly to tho reputation and success of the Marsh troupe. On each evening of the week tho house has been well filled ; on Wednesday, in particular, there was a grand muster that night having been sot apart for tho benefit of Mas ter George. It was in every sense ' a benefit j' and the manner in which the youthful comedian acquitted him self shewed that ho was sensible of the kindness of his Jatrons, and studied to deserve their approbation. Little enny was, as usual, thoroughly au fait in her imper sonations, playing througheut the various pieces with all that ease and finish which has stamped her as one of the most accomplished, though tho youngest member of tho groat dramatic family. On tho whole, our citizens will have reason to remember with feelings of pleasure the professional visit of the Marsh troupe to Sydney. The family perform this evening for the last tiine, as they have to make way for the Opera Company, the latter being engaged to appear In tbo commencement of tho ensuing week. We perceive, with pleasure in tho list of Mr. Lyster's band the names of our old favourites, Mons. Schmidt, Mdllo. Thereso, and Mr. Farquharson. Tho re-appearance of these sterling artistes will be hailed with satisfaction by all who prize general merit, whether as regards the ' poetry of motion ' or the beau ties of classic music.' mr.iNCE&KA.nrEous.; Mr. nnd Mrs. Heir nre now in Melbourne en route for Adelaide, from which city Mr. Coppin has just re turned. TnB Cape db Pahis.— Mtssrs. Spiera nnd Pond, wen Beom determined thnt their c atrons shall not com ploin of wnnt of comfort, have just completed the re ecoration of their coffeo and smoking toom, nnd oor tainly n moro elegant lounge is not to be mot with in AuBtralia. The walls aro hung with an eoiorald green papor, panelled off with gold mouldings ; the llirco chandeliers are ot tho choioost patterns; whilst (hi morocco fauteuils and carpok arc also of groen. It Is to be hoped that the approaching seiaon nt the Theatre Koyal will be ft prosperous one. and that the comforts of tha cafe may bo universally aoknowlodgo'l. Poui.Tny and Piokon Fancying.— A mooting of poultry and pigeon fanciers was hold at the Butchers' Arms, Elizabeth street, on Thursday evening; about thirty fanciers and others wore present, Mr. George Hushall being called to the chair, and Mr. Henry Powtress being requested to act as secretary. It was rejolved to form a Boclety for the purpose of Improving ihe breed of poultry and pigeons and for holding periodical shows, etc. About twenty persons enrolled their names, »nd a provisional committee was appointed to draw up rules and regulations to bo submitted to n meeting to bo held on 22nd inst. 