j *ATiqNAL* EDUCATION. ! . {ifrom the Scotimra, October 16.) I FiFtEBN years'ago,-a great body ol men, tmuei j the guidanco of somo not of the greatest but tho ! most swollen of their number, committed an enor . j moue mistnko, for which tho time of repentance '] . ' . lias now corno. When tho Government, in 184G, j proposed to begin a system of Governmental anti sectarian education, tho English Voluntary Dis . ? sentcrs, to tho astonishment and dismay of theil ' ' own best mon and of hil well-wishers of them and Í ", their principles, were indaced to meet the move j mont, not by a demand for a National and utiBoc « . harlan system, but by a declaration against «HJ \ . system of Stuto or Public Education as bciDg a ! . Lreach of tho.principle of Voluntaryism. Thie ) doctrino was as new *s it was shallow-it bad j never been acen before, and might havo been easilj . 1 Been through and through by thoso not willingly ? I Mind. ; Till then, and from the timo the principle : "of Voluntaryism was tho first devised or dove loped, nobody had dreamed of applying thc I Voluntary principle to anything bnt religion ; anti j all the great opponents of a National Religion , i ; iom John Milton to John Forster, had oleo beet ¡ * the great advocates of a National Educa j iion. Tho chief arguments against State ¡ . aid, favour, or interference in religions ¡j or spiritual matters-such BB tho invasior .J of conscience, of the spirit of Christianity, and ol i .-* ? lite precepts of Scripture-were obviously inop I plicable to any other mottor ; or if thoy wero ap. i aplicable to such matters as tho alphabet, tho mul I .triplication table, and ha!f-text,; it seemed tc ! -follow that Voluntaryism must bo applicable tc j everything, and that Tom Faino did not go fat j enough when he defined Governments to be onlj ? j necessary evils-the modern improvement being ', that the assumod ' necessity is quito t j mistake. It Boomed obvious enough that thc ! adoption of such a doctrine would operato not tc j ." impode the proposal which had to bo resisted bul 1 -to bring ridiculo and weakness upon tho priuciph Î ' BO grossly misapplied. Yet tho doctrine wa: i adopted by tho general body of tho Bnglisl j Voluntary Dissenters, adopted against t1'* warn i- -'ogs and remonstrances of tho Vang' .JUB ant j : .Binneys, and on the instigations of tho ¿ríialls ant ,¡ Saines. The results aro now to be ceon. 'i ht ? , Government education project has gono on, grow j ng every year bigger and worso, and nobody I .knows, hears, or feels, anything of tho Voluntar j : «apposition. The Privy Council Grants are every 4 . where, and Voluntaryism is nowhere. Tho fact Í -acould be Boen shining even throngh tho spcoches \- -mt th« Congregational Conference at Birmingham^ I . .which we reported yesterday, that the grand î aresult of this now-fanglod species of Voluntaryism ? 1 ? Jiu been, that all but tho merest fraction of the j ' children in Kngland and Wales are being edncatod > hy «nd for the Established Church,' and that i Voluntaryism ¡a doing nothing and has nothing to < -«do in tho matter, excepting to pay its share. This j ia just what might have been expected, and also j what, in a controversy wo had fifteen years ego with the perverters of Voluntaryism, wo predicted AS absolutely certain ; but what oould not have Jieen expected even from pcrsonB so distended by Self- complacency, is, that tho perversionists, though acknowledging the evil, seem to havo no suspicion " . 'Shat .the fault is tlioir own, and aro roBolved to go on seeking a euro in a continuance of tho cause. From tho Report of tho Royal Education Com- mission, it appears that thc Church of England -lias now 19,000 day-schools in England and Wales, whilst the Dissenters (exclusive of the JRoman Catholics) hove only 3000. The propor I . tien of nil tho pupils educated at schools avowedly i and exclusively undor tho management of the I Church of England is 80 per cont., tho remaining SO per cent., or ono-fifth of the whole bo:ng divided lietweun thc Roman Catholics, tho Methodist, and all the other bodios moro popularly classed as Dissenters. It is sufficient to remember that tho .Religious Census of 1851 showed the Church of England to possess only one-half of the worship * attending population, or not much more than a .fourth of the whole population, in order to under- stand that these figuros show an unnatural and in- ferentially and inequitable state of things. Tho Established Church on the ono side and the rariouB Jion-Established Churches on the other are about «qua! in thoir numbor of adherents, and in tho pro- portion of thoso adherents to tho ccneral population; tint in tho number of childron receiving education -the Church out-numbers all non-Established Churches four times over. Taking the endowed schools separntoly thc Church may be said to have -about the proportion of ten to ono. At a great -meeting last week of the clergy of tho diocese of . . Bath and Wells, the Rev. W. C. Lake, hlmsolf ono of thc Royal Commissioners, and a man of >i -moderate mid liberal views, conld not restrain Jtimself from proclaiming tho facts which his in .. -aniries had forced upon him, that " a concordat hos Jieen established between the Privy Council and tho great body of England's clergy," and that " the ?.'.a. Church of England ÍB the educator of tho people of , , ^England," There is no doubt of it-anymore -.- - than of the remarkable foot that this result hos . . Leen brought nbout by the efforts of tho new :y Voluntaries, lt is not thoir fault indeed that there exists any system of Education, for, heedless alike .. . .... of public opinion and common sense, they havo protested against all systems ; but it is thoir fault ; "that the systom wbioh already overshadows the . ¡ . .cbontry, mid will soon leave no humbler plant V . , (^'»wing near it, is Governmental and ecclesiastical, « . anstead of hoing, aa it might have been, National ÎM .'uiatd unsectariiin. .' Sm¿i., ; . ^obody at tho Birmingham meoting seems r. -.VJ --either, to have denied tho fact that the Established ^.i '';'* ' Church of England has got hold of the Education .Vi? . of 'Fnglond, br to havé attompted any explanation >*'ti, , . ¡'...-..¡intjho obvious one-that tho Church of England ...M ', . Jiu got it because it accepted it when offered on ? i, ,. - conditions peculiarity favourable to her, while tho ' * ' I>isicniora*wouId neithors take it ft offered nor to have its conditions improved.;' The rosulss ¡¡-it;.: ' , indeed are complained of OB unfair ;'but, in' the ' . ; position in which tho Dissenters havojiut, them '''( »elves, that would be hard to prove. Tho Church '. ,-,? : -£0'?''.tno State money on conditions not out of ..¡''-« .' ^'.;acc'.qr4>Uh. her principios-and tho Dissenters, } -'i'- . '. hy thoir.ncw doctrine, havo declared that there is r' : . no principle at all not morely on which 'they, can ' eceleBlasticnlly toko tho monoy, but on which they t. can consent to its being taken by any portion of .the community organized othorwiso that ccole&i; aaticaly. Mr.'Baines indeed trios to show that there wns no need of>any monoy being given to anybody--tl i at, in foot, education was inoroas'ug more rnpid|y before than it has sinoo thc catab liihmont _ <jf the Privy Council grants. But tíiorriutotíiilaheiiBesfor thispurpoao aro just those musty and lit-ty figures with which ho wed to travel tho country armiing thatovorybodywuBwell encogh .-.."cducotctl, w'on ono in every three of tlio nio'n nntl oro in t very't^o of the womon married in Kng laiid wero ni-certnincd tobe unable to wiito'their ' Î, owj>¡. name*. ut, supposing the coso to bo aa .?'.?/¡'?- 'Mr. ? Haines alleges-that it is not that education >.:.-"'.. .".A-;,bas.not lion increased, but only that tho nienns . of providing it havo boon chnngod-ho impnlos JiiniBelf cu one or other of tho horns ofa very un- welcome dilfinma. Jf education waa ns amply pro 'J! vidod bi fnre the ondowinonts as now, it iollows . ''M. --»..*. .... ' . . 'i ? . ........... . ». h either that previous to tlie endowments tho Church of England must have been providing' the means out of ibo private pockets of her own morriberri, or that the' endowments havoliad tho effect of drawing away all but a fraction of tho pupils formerly educated by the Dissenters. If the former hypothesis be tho fact, then it follows that, under tho system which the New Voluntaries desiderate-the nbsonco of oil State aid to educa- tion-tho education of tho people will foll nlniost entirely into the hands of the I'Btablishi'd Church. If tho latter hypothesis ho the true one-if tho eudowmont8 havo drawn away tho children for- merly educated by Dissenters-it follows that the Voluntnry education crotchet is not participated in by the mass cf the crotchetraonger* brothor-Dis aenters, and that tho Voluntary schools have not tho ghost of a chance against ibo endowed Mr. Baines can choose which horn he likes host, but. either of them gives a fatal stab both to his figures and his theory. , 