PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. rmivnivnTK am ttk vrnmis. .notwithstanding all thatPuniA has said upon tne subject the accidents from crinoline are, it would seem, upon the increase. Half a score at least have occurred throueh fire since Christmas, and several otners we could cite have, taken place from other causes. One of the last we saw reported was occasioned; by a dress being caught up by a cab wheel while the wearer was crossing a street at the A\ est End. Here the victim was so fortunate as to escape with merely a bad fracture of her leg, but in most cases the sufferers have lost their life by their absurdity in wearing the wide dresses whicli are now accounted fashionable. Now, unless there be a wish to decrease the po pulation, it clearly is high time that such mishaps should be prevented. We cannot as a Christian people allow our wives and daughters to sacrifice themselves.before this Juggernaut of Fashion with out labouring our utmost that the idol be displaced. As Parliament has no other Reform Bill on its lands we think it would do well to pass a measure for reforming the wide dresses of the ladies, and foi reducing their extravagant and perilous proportions Dangerous they are, not merely, to the wearer, but to any one who chances to come in contiguity. We ourselves l)eing unhappily of genteel and s'lendei stature have more than once been brushed like a cobweb on' the pavement by the passing of a petti coat preposterous in width ; and how many acci dents have happened in ballrooms and in boats it would tire out all the wranglers in Cambridge ti sum up. 'Excess of apparel' is no new thing to preach against. Plenty of homilies have, we know, been delivered on the subject, and Acts of Parliament lave oftentimes been passed for the like end. A hundred and fiftv years ago there was nearly the same outcry against hoops as there is now, and the Punches of the period— the Spectator and the Tatlcr— did good service in assisting to put the nuisance down. AVhether crinoline was worn in classic ages we know not, but Ovid tells us that— ' Pars minima est ipsa puella sui,' and this seems strongly to confirm the supposition lat it was. At any rate the nuisance, we have shown, is not a novel one, and we are aware that in reverting to so old and stale a subject we shall probably incur the wrath of many readers, who will sneeringly allege that we are hard up for a joke. ut crinoline is getting far too serious for joking. Broken legs and burning dresses are anything to our mind but provocative of jests. To petticoat government in moderation we submit, but we cannot go on sutlering ourselves to be thrown down and trampled on, and run the risk of being run over whenever we walk out. AVc therefore hope that something will be done this session to place us on a safer footing than we have been, and to prevent us Iwing brushed about like rubbish iu the streets. If tliere be any independent member in the House— we mean one who has neither wife nor family to fear— he would do the State some service in moving for a Select Committee on the subject, with the view of getting Government to ake the matter up. As Lord Palmerston luis long been a favourite with the ladies, perhaps his powers of persuasion would incline their ears to reason, although we arc aware it is the last thing in the world that a woman likes to listen to, and one that few men have the art to make her really heed. THE POLITICAL ATMOSPHERE IN AMERICA. The latest intelligence from New York tells us hat ' a thick fog prevails.' We fancy this ' thick fog' prevails more or less all over the country. It is very clear, and it is the only thing that is 'clear, that politicians do not exactly see their way. How ever, let us hope when the fog has cleared of!' that the ground will be taken up bv a speedy .settle ment of the blacks. A KATTLIXG GAME. The Americans combine pleasure with business in an admirable way. They appear completely to make a game of politics. With them public life is a beautiful mixture of work and play. This is the way they have been amusing themselves lately in California: — 'California was strong for the Union. Their Assembly had failed to elect a President after 72 ballots.'' If they had been playing a game of backgammon these Californian M.P.'s could not have rattled the )O.\ more merrily. The Assembly dues not seem, however, to have gained much by its play, for the only result as yet of all its throwing for a Presi dent has simply been to throw him over. AVe have heard of the 'hero of a hundred fights,'' but we think the above President, when he is elected— and he promises in time to be the hero of a liun vtyt] \\\i\\\\\nt- — will hr» (»vmi n frivil nr li*»rn Hinii ln» - or it is very clear before he has gone safe through the fire that he will have been exposed to an in finitely greater number of balls. THE BEAUTY OF EARLY KISTXfi. Family Physician (who is a hit of an Ahemetliy in his way)— ' You may laugh at me as vnu like, Miss, but I tell you it is a positive fact, which you are at liberty to disprove if you can— that, when Venus rose from the sea, the rising.took place the very first thing in the morning, or else she never would have been the beauty she was.' SOCIETY FOH THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO HUSBANDS. In cold winter, when a horse's bit is full of frost, never put it (we are told) into his mouth without previously wanning it. You shouldn't treat your msbiuid with less kindness than you would your horse. Therefore, during the winter, put none but warm bits into the dear creature's mouth. Not to do so is very cruel, as it is very well known that the husband's mouth is much more sensitive in cold weather than at any other period of the year. It only makes him restive, and snappish, and spoils his temper, so much so that it is almost dangerous, at times, to go near him. Hence, whatever you do, avoid cold mutton.— A Future Benedict. AN EVIDENT MISPHIXT. AVho could drink 'a bottle of hay?' It would he precious dry stuff, we shguld imagine, that no one would think of touching, unless he had the constitution of a horse. Besides, where would you keep your stock? Not in the cellar, hut in the hayloft, we suppose ; or would one have to kimuI down to the Haynmrket, supposingany friend, who had a turn for dry humour, called for 'a bottle of hay.' As for ourselves, we do not believe in any such vintage as would require a pitchfork to open it instead of a corkscrew. AVe fancy it is a mis print. AVc suspect it was originally ' a bottle of Ai',' meaning the celebrated champagne of that name: and that by some desperate Cockney con tinually bawling out, ' Here, waiter, bring me another bottle of Hai,' the term gradually got corrupted ir.to its present use. it is simply used in the form of chad'. A CONSUMING EXTRAVAGANCE. AVe know a friend of ours, a confirmed young Raleigh, who, like Vesuvius, has always got either fire or smoke at his mouth; but he complains fear fully of the expense. He says smoking will burn a hole in a bank-note in no time; his only regret is that a cigar does not, as .soon as it is consumed, rise again like a Phcenix from its own ashes! A NEW POINT OF VIEW. We have often heard persons say 'Oh, I saw it at once with half an eye!' Now, we never could make out what 'half an eye' was, for though we lave seen all kinds of eyes, yet we never recollect having seen half a one, unless perhaps it was what children call a bull's eye. We suppose that half an eye is a day pupil. A WHISPER IN THE Kill OF BROTHER JONATHAN. Keep together, whatever you do. Maintain the Union at any risk. AVe tell you— and Punch never was wrong yet— that the secret of America's strength is gone, like every secret, the moment it is split. ABORIGINAL POEMS FOK INFANT MINDS. BY LOUD MACAULAY'S NEW ZEALAXDER. I. Chackaboo, ehickaitoo, chuckaboo, chew. Mark baby over with pretty tattoo : Cut in the pattern like open-work tart; Rub in the powder, and make baby smart. ir. Catch a little white boy, catch him by the leg, Kill a little white boy, get the crumbs and egg; Fry a little white boy, do him brown and dry, Put him on the table with the missionary pie. in. Tattoo him, tattoo him, artist-man, So we will, father, as fast as we can, Prick him and prick him, and mark him with V For the name of the Queen thatlivesoverthesea. rv. Will my baby go a courting. Yes, and so my baby shall ; Take his club and bang the lady, That's the way to court the gal. v. 0 fie, naughty AVang-AVang, don't scratch little brother, You're spoiling his pattern, you mischievous* dunce ; Live like good little cannibals, love one another— Or Mamma'U take you both, dear, and eat you at once. VI. AVhat, cry when I'd cook you, not like to be stewed! Then go and be raw, and not fit to be food. Until you leave ott', and I see that you've smiled, 1 shan't take the trouble to eat .such a child. MISFORTUNE NEVER COMES SINGLY. 'Well, I declare, it's just like my luck,' ex claimed a poor unfortunate merchant in the Borough, 'here have hops been rising lately ever so high, and now I'm told the Poles have risen also.' TOMPKINS'8 TELEGRAMS. Chelsea and Kensington arc unanimous in their demand for fusion. Hammersmith has preferred a reqtest to be in cluded in the Iiund. An altercation occurred yesterday between two costermqngers in the Bayswater-roau. Complications have arisen in Cheapside from the vehicles coming to a dead-lock. Agar Town is tranquil. Order reigns in St. George's in the East. The Teetotallers have made a demonstration. Their rallying cry is ' Aldgate Pump!' . The marriage of Mr. Baker to Miss Bnggs was celebrated on the lith at St. Dunstan s. The beadle attended in full official costume. He was receiveu witn snouts 01 lauguun aim ii«vfii»jo. An animated debate on general politics came off in the Marylebone vestry. Jones declared his ad hesion to AVilliains. Interpellations were addressed to all the speakers. The solidarity of the parochial .Union is affirmed. Marylebone isjesolved to maintain her autonomy. WELL, WE ARE, &C.; If you saw that dear lw'y AValter going to pull the trigger of his rifle, and you said so. what Shaksperian quotation would you use? ' Wat's in an aim.' Contributor discharged uncured. TWO FEATURES ROLLED INTO ONE. A city gent praising a lady for her beauty, said in a burst of rapture, 'Oh, she's got such a nas eye!' Every one was astonished, and on questions lteing asked as to what a ' nasal eye' was like, our friend pointed to a lady present, who, he said, had eyes something like his beauty in question. The truth then Hashed out. It was a hazel eye the city gent had meant to say. For the life of him he could not see what there was to laugh at, because he had said a lady had a ' nasal eye. He got quite angry, and left the room, which was a great relief to every one present, as his absence enabled all the guests to join in one unanimous loud guffaw. PUNCH'S ESSENCE OF FRENCH CHAMBERS. ' Dance, you dogs, to my fiddle-de-dee, And thank your stars for a Prince like me.' —SligMy altered from Mr. Planchi. IRISH HOUSEKEEPING. Bachelor— 'Mary, I should like that piece of bacon I left at dinner yesterday.' Irish Servant— 'Is it tbe bit 0' bhacan, tbin. Shure I took it to loight the fhoires 1' . 'FAIR IS FOOT.' A cabman s fare— considering the abuse one generally gets (more especially 2 he is a Hansom cabman) when one pays him nothing more than the proper fare, t« 1 j- A FLOW. AT A FOOliSH FASHION. -if ladies will Tvear hoops, they necessarily maka. themselves butts. ? ; . A STRANGE COINCIDENCE. ' - 'Tis Her Majesty's Army and Navy, ~ ™ fi^ Heii Majesty's Kingdom, and yet— Of this we may all ' take a davy'1— 'Tis the people's or ' National Debt ?!' . THE VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT. AVc are requested to state that there is not the smallest foundation for the rumourwhich has been circulated lately, even in the highest circles, that Lord John has accepted the Lieutenant-Colonelcy of the Six Foot Rifles. THINGS THAT SADLY WANT THE 'JUDICIOUS USE OF THE PRUN1NG-KNIFE.' . Our financial expenditure, standing armies, Par liamentary speeches, and ladies' dresses. A QUESTION THAT HAS NEVER BEEN ANSWERED YET. AVhere's the police? - : CURIOUS COINCIDENCE. A\ ho will maintain there is nothing in the old Greek doctrine that names have a mysterious sig nihcancem the face of the' fact that the Spanish Minister, whose diplomatic duties have involved him 111 Francis the Second's fix inside Gaeta, should lie the Count Di Lema? Only the spelling should be corrected into dilemma. BOWYER'S BEST. it a young lady was enteriuga convent, and a weiingof regret came over her, what kind of regret would you call it? An unavailing ( a-nun-a-rciUng )! Tiger Ciiase by Baboons.— Tho fol owmg account of a tiger chase is extracted from the north Lincoln isnfomx, a regimental paper, published at GrahauOs ^Co vn. The writer, alter alluding to his sporting experience of all kinds, and in. all quarters of the globe, declares that he never witnessed anything so novel or intensely exciting as that about to be described:—' Hot long ago I spent a few days at Fort Brown, a small military post on the banks of the Great Fish River, where my friend AV. was stationed. One evening, as my friends and I were returning home after a somewhat fatiguing day's buck- shooting, we. were startled by hearing the most extraordinary noises not far from us. It seemed as if all the demons in the infernal regions had lwen unchained, and were amusing themselves by trying to frighten us poor mortals by their horrid yelling. AVe stood in breathless expectation, not knowing what could possibly lie the cause of this ilia wlical row, with all sorts of strange con jectures flashing across our minds. Nearer and nearer the yelling and screeching, approached, and presently the cause became visible to our astonished eyes. Some 300 or 400 yards to our right, on the brow of a small hill, a spotted leopard (commonly called in this country a tiger, though much smaller than the lord of the Indian jungles) came in view, bounding along with all the. speed and energy- of despair, while close behind him followed an enormous pack of baboons, from whose throats proceeded the demoniacal sounds that had a few seconds before so startled us. Our excitement in the chase, as you may suppose, was inten.se. On went the tiger, making for the river, the balioons following like avenging demons, ami evidently gaining ground upon their nearly exhausted foe, though their exulting yells seemed each moment to increase his 'terror and his speed. They reached the stream, the tiuer still a few yards in advance, and with a tremendous bound his cast himself into its muddy waters, and made for the opposite bank. The next moment hit pursuers, in admirable confusion, were strug gling after him. and us the tiger, now fearfully exhausted, clambered up the land again, the largest and strongest of the balmons was close at hi* heels, though many of the pack (the old. the very young, and the weakly) were still struggling in tho water. In a few moments all had passed from our sight behind the brow of the opposite bank ; but their increased yelling, now stationary behind tho hill, told us that the tiger had met his doom, and that their strong arms and jaws were tearing him limb from limb. As the evening was far advanced, and we were still some miles from home, we did not cross the river to be in at the death ; but next morning a few bones and scattered fragments of flesh and skin showed what had been the tiger's ate. On our return home we were told by somu Dutch gentlemen that such hunts are not uncom mon when a tiger is rash enough to attack tho young baboons, which often happens. All these creatures for miles around assemble and purSsuo their enemy with relentless fury to his death. Sometimes the chase lasts for davs— but it invnri nuiy closes witu tne destruction ot tne tiger— :i striking instance that the idea of retributive justieu is not confined to man alone.' Russian Sonoh fuum the Crimea. — At the end of the Crimean war the number of song* brought back by the army from Bcbnstopol wa.-* prodigious. ' Naturally, these songs were not song* uf triumph. The fate of the soldiers who died un noticed m thousands was contrasted with that of the generals, who received decorations and thu thanks of the Emperor for losing battles. It wa-i set forth how the Russian army was sent first ugainst the Turks without success; that then tha Allies came, and they were told that their generals - would lead them against the invaders and drive them into the sea ; how the invaders would not gn into the sea; how fresh generals were appointed, ami how each in succession proved himself inca pable. Some of these songs were known through out the army, ethers were confined to par ticular divisions, and it is unite certain that the generals knew them as well as the' soldiers, we have been told by officers who had served iu the Crimea that these compositions were sung on the line of march by entire regi ments, and that the superior otlicers appeared never to hear them, while the subalterns doubtless enjoyed them as much as any one. The author ship of some of these is attributed to a celebrated writer who was with the army in Scbastopol; but; the great majority of them were composed by tlu» soldiers themselves, and the bust etlnsion ot thu kind was known to he the work of u, private. of OstenHackcn's corps. In this last production there B a couplet for each ^ener.il. The G ennan wmunanderH are spoken of with detestation: and one who' is perpetually making the sign, of the cross is said to ne the worst of all. The general belief of thu Russian soldiers appears to have been that they were badly led— the fact being that they hud only to complain of being badly fed and infamously armed.— The Jiu.isinuii at Hume.. Jly Sutherland. ,. Edwards. An Englishman's Ghost. — Near Su viseshapuraiu (the town of the Gospel) is a lofty red sandhill, which, at the beginning of this cen tury, was chosen as a first station for the trigono mcters' survey of South India. About a mile or two distant from this station is an invctcratclv heathen town called Illainully, abounding witlt jiey-coils or devil-houses, the largest of tlmse, at. least the largest of the altars in these, being dciii~ cauid to a pey called Poiiluy-Hahib. He is the favourite, i.e., the most dreadL'd deity of the place. in hymned in a lengthy poem of some merit, ot! which the translation of a great part was rend to me, and is attempted to be appeased by offerings of mutton, arrack, and cheroots. Anil whom do vnu imagine this mysterious personage to be 5 You will be as much astonished as I was to leant that he is nothing more nor less than thu spirit of an English otliccr, of the name of! Pole, nr Powell, or some other similar name, metamorphosed by the Hindoos -into Pooley. who was killed in I8l)'.l, at thu taking of thu Arambooly lines, and carried back to the station on the hill to be buried. Having met with a vio lent death, his ghost was supposed to be the causu of all the sicknesses of man and beast in the neigh bourhood. A man could not get thu headache in a walk past the grave but the Englishman's spirit was taxed as the author of it. Thu senseless ilia* muljeyites at length sent an invitation inviting tho spirit to their town, bribing it with thu offer of a larger altar than any that had been erected there, promised offerings such as they shrewdly imagined would be most grateful to an English officer's ghost, and provided, I suppose, a native poet to prepare a hymn to be sung on peculiarly Holemn occlusions. This hymn speaks of Pooley-Sahib a« one of the greatest of heroes, and the conqueror of Madura, Tinnellcy, &c.; ; describes the attempts of his wife (a second Andromajie) to dissuade Mm. from the fatal fight; speaKfof his power since death to -inspire men with madness and to slay with a blow or a breath whole herds of cattle. — From a Memoir of the fieri.' Tlutmns Oajeian Ragland, Ji.D. By the Rev. TJiomason Ptroicne, B.D. Fearful Conflict with a Tigbess.— ? IVhilst Maccomo was going through his perform incu with the Bengal tigers, at Manner's Menagerie, Livcrpo6l, on Friday, the 11th instant, a tigresn :aiiL'ht his hand in her mouth. Planting his kneu n the small of the tigress's back, and pressing her igainst the bars of the cage, then seizing her lower iaw with the right hand, lie held her powerless to lo more than retain the left hand in her mouth. 3o cool was Maccomo in this trying position* time lookers-on thought it part of his performance ; but when Maccomo called to one of the keepers 'Sho has got my hand fast in her teeth ; get a bar of hot; iron, the truth of his dangerous position flashed through the minds of those present, and created the greatest excitement— one lady fainting away, others running from the painful sight. Four or five minutes elapsed before the iron rod was ready, during which time Maccomo stood as a pieco of statuary, not a iiuiver of lip to show the pain hu was enduring. AVhen ready, the hot iron wati applied quickly and surely by one of the keepers to one of the large teeth in the upper jaw, and, as though she had l-een electrified, her mouth sprang open. Maccomo, quick as lightning, drew his hand away, caught hold of a thick stick, struck tho animal a terrific blow on the skull, brought her down, and forced her to finish her performance iMiforc he left the cage. AVhen Maccomo came out of the cage, his bleeding hand testified to the frightful strugglewhich had been going on between - man and l-east.— English Paper. An Elephant Race in Cochin China. — The next was an elephant race, which amused me much. They were certainly much swifter than the horses, though they only walked; but what tremendous steps they took! They shook tbo ground for lOO yards round, as with tbe shock of an earthquake, every timo their enormous feet came into contact with it; and with their trunk.4 pointing straight out, like the bowsprit of a ship, their ears and tails distended, there was something grand, but still very clumsy, about their gait. They had handsome cars, with four men in each, on their backs, and two men on each side to lead them. There was a great dispute which Bhould come in first; and, the space being rather narrow for seven of these enormous animals to run abreast, those who got in front were determined to keeii there, and they appeared to know what game they were at; for they did not exactly race, but heavilv and clumsily, yet quickly, dodged each other acrosi the course; and, after a most amusing race, or shuffle, the large white one came in first, amid peals of laughter and applause.— Adventures in. Cochin China. By Edward Brown, Amoy, China. A Burial-place, at Algiers. — On this road lies the Cemetery ef St. Eugene, the principal Christian burial-place. Here we turned. A covered cart drove slowly up to meet us. It was accom panied by three hospital orderlies in fatigue dress,, and so filled with coffinless bodies that the cover would not close; limbs protruded; the very stench betrayed its contents. The cemetery gjates were opened; we were sharply refused admission, but the silent dead drove in, and the portals, were quickly locked upon them. It is reported that the mortality is fearful among the young regiments just returned from Kabyhe— 2.000. fever-stricken and 400 wounded have entered the hospitals. A few are buried every morning with military pomp, but, to prevent panic, the deadroom is cleared every evening, and its contents flung into the pit, bereft of the honours of a Christian's pr a soldier's burial. But what matters it? The Akbar tells no tales inconvenient to Government; the peasant friends of Jean Marie hear in a few months that he has died, a soldier's death, covered with glory, and the' conscription soon fills his place,— Th& ?' Great Sahara* ? ? - ? : ... . 