^District $rni3. J A M 1$ K 11 O O . (From our Correspondent.) Report of a Lecture delivered at the Wcsleynn Church, Jamberoo. 011 Wednesday evenin',' bv the Rev. Sir. Turner. ' ° SUBJECT— SI KT1IODISM. According to announcement, the llev. K. ,T. Turner delivered a very intci csting and somewhat impressive lecture on the Rise and Pnigrrss of .Methodism ? is to particularize its origin, distinctive characteristics And its present, relation with the world at hi'v' Notwithstanding the darkness of the ni'ht the Chinch was well tilled. Anion. r tl,.. ? _ observed several lroin Kiama, and maiiY from a con siderable distance. On : feature in the audience and not the least interesting, consisted in the presence of several persons troin other denominations. It is in deed cheering to see the amount of good feeling that exists, and is cultivated by one section of the Church towards the other, thus discovering to us the encou raging fact that the hallowed consummation af all religious Christian mission is steadily approaching when the unity of the Spirit retained in the bond of peace shall renovate every heart and satisfy every understanding. J Alter singing and praying, the Rev. gentleman proceeded somewhat as follows; — Sly Christian Friends,— You arc aware that I am to address you this evening on the subject of Wes leyan Slethodisni ; and though our service will differ from our usual week night services, it will neverthe less be emphatically a religious service, and wc hope not loss productive of spiritual instruction and bene fit. I think, 1 fear, there are many who are unac quainted with tho great doctrines of Weslcyan Sle thodisni, and who could not givo a reason wliv tii-v aro Wesleyan Slethodists. For tli-T purpose of allbni ing some light nnd information 011 this subject I have arranged to hold this form of service to- night. 1 do not intend to meddle with other denominations of the Christian Chinch. I love every section of the Church, and, adopting the language of the apostle, would say ' graco bo with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ.' It has been said by many that we tako too much for granted, but let us in future study that we may be able not only to give a 'ood reason of the hope, that is in lis. but also a reason why wc are Wesleyan Slethodists. The early part of the last century was remarkable for its immorality in the world, and its almost unpre cedented laxity in the professed Church; indeed the amount of tine lcligion was appallingly inca''rc Bishop Burnet observed, that of the lan'e nnnfher who presented themselves as candidates for the ministry, there were very few who could give a clear and definite account of their conversion to Cod. Tho ministry then was of a very low order, indulging in almost every kind of vioo and immorality. And you remember the old proverb, 'Like priest'like people ' The moral world was reduced to a state of the deepest gloom. But when we see the depth of winter, we know that the spring is at hand. Sir. Wesley bv the Spirit of God, discovered that the Church was at a very low ebb, and endeavored by precept and example to raise the tone of spiritual feeling anion' the circle of his acquaintance. Accordingly' a small number of young men met together frequently for spiritual converse and edification. They were care ful to maintain works, and from the peculiar order and exactness of their exemplary conduct, they received the sobriquet of ' Slethodists.' This was during the year IViiy. About sivcii years after, they were formed .by Mr. Georgo Whitfield. About this time, the Wesley's— John and Charles — undertook a voyage to Georgia, with the ultimate object of preach ing to the aborigines of India, the ' unsearchable riches of Christ. Sleeting with much persecution, however, they soon returned to England. O11 board of the vessel which conducted tlium thither they fell in with some Moravian brethren, from whom 'they reeoived much spiritual light. After their return from America, Mr. John Wesley became acquainted with the eminent and pious Peter Bolnli, who led him to grcator heights of spiritual enjoyment than lie bad previously realised, which induced him to work for the salvation of others in the spirit of the lines ? What we have felt and seen With confidence we tell, And publish to the sons of men Tho signs infalliable. From this time Sir. Wesley began to preach to all whom he met in the highways and lanes, nnd his labors wore attended with abundaut success ? his in fluence and his causa widening 011 every hand So 'ic.it whs the ilmn.liul for Knii-itii:.! ♦!...» '.i ? o wo,., 11 i,iuui unit otners were raised up to help forward tho great work of faith nnd labor of love. Hence the establishment of lay agencies. In 17-13, the Methodist rules were framed, which remain in existence to the present, but which are not observed by many as they ouu'ht tn bo. Tho first SleLhoilist conference was' heicfin 1714\. Sir. Wesley laboured for upwards of fifty years most indefatigably in the catisc of religion, preaching more sermons and travelling more miles than 11113' other man. I11 fact, tho whole of his time, allowing tho smallest possible space for refreshment and sleep, was devoted to spiritual and devotional employment. Ho was no doubt raised up by provi dence for the time for tho accomplishment of the great work. Sir. Wesley was a most humble man in iiis personsl character, but a lion in all matters of Church government. He presided over 47 successive conferences, ever manifesting the cleare«t judgment in all matters having reference to the future well being of the Church over which he bad presided. He died 1791, full of years and full of honor. Sir. Wes ley was a most liberal man. His motto was, 'Get all you can, save all you can, and give all you can.' Though his writings had realised for liim, even in those times, upwards of £20,000, and though it never coat him more than one hundred pounds per annum for his support, be died comparatively penniless. At the time of his death, the members had arisen in number to about 72,000 in Great Britain anil Ire land, about 0000 in tho colonies, and upwards of 20,000 in the United States of America. Sir. Wesley held the opinion of the Church of Eng land — lie lived and died a Chuichman. This dis pleased many of tho people, and was for a long time a ground of difference. The question was a moral one. Many of tbo'SIcthodist people lmd been born in the society, and, accustomed to habits of methodical strictness and religious observances, would not submit to receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper at the hands of ungodly men. Mr. Wesley secured to tho Church thu rights, privileges, possessions, &c..; which had been vested 111 him, by substituting 100 names chosen by the conference; which number is constantly kept up in ease of de cease by electing another, which number is desig nated the ' legal hundred.' It was a long time be fore the question was finally settled, and which re sulted only in a formal separation from the Church of England. Nevertheless, Slethodists regard that Church as tlioir parent; and they arc not well taught wesieyan aieinouisis wuo speatc evil of the Church of England. Thore is a good denl that is peculiar in the design of Slethodisni. It has only one simple aim, viz., to save souls our ministers are taught this maxim. They aro taught that the object of their lives is to ' save souls.' Methodism must go whore it is most wanted. It docs not seek tho crowded city any more than tho retired hamlets. Like the genius of tin) Gospel, its mission is to tho lanes, to the highways, and hedges of the .world, compelling sinners to come to the marriage of tho King's Son. And the object is accomplished. Where is the city, town, village, county, or country where Slothodism has not found its way ? WI ----o Jo ti-o man who lias not a brother, or uncle, or cousin who is a Methodist? Slethodisni has as much right to be styled a Reformation and Wesley a Reformer, as Luther and the Reformation associated with his name had. Slethodisni has staple cardinal doctrines. It holds its doctrino of universal corruption. It be lieves Christ to be essentially God, that all have sinned, but that Jesus Christ has tasted death for every man. It believes, also, in tho witness of the spirit, that a man does indeed know 011 earth his sins forgiven by the indwelling testimony of the Spirit of God. I havo 110 sympathy with the doctrine breathed in such a passage as tho following; 'Tis a point I long to know, oft' it causes anxious thoughts — Do I love the Lord or 110? am I Ilis, or am Inot? There is something beautifully sad nnd plaintive about this, but what would you think of the man who were to say: 'Tis a point I long to know, oft' it causes anxious thoughts — ' Do I iovo my child or no ?' or, ' do I love my wife or 110 ?' IIow much more shall wc bo sensible of tho great moral change effected by tho regenerating infliienco of the Holy Ghost. The doctrines of Methodism aro the same the wide world over. Means aro adopted to ensure this desirable object. Tho connexion is not nil arms and logs as it has boon facetiously termed ; but it has a spirit and soul, life and energy. It pro fesses to ho tho ' friends of all ; tlio enemy of 110110.' It does not indulge in, controversy for two reasons — becauso it has 110 disposition, and 110 time. It is a great trouble to some people that thero is so much of what is called social spirit in tho Society — they can't bear to see a minister smile. I fancy I can see the beau ideal of religious gravity of these people, It is this: An old white horse, very white and very quiet, and an old man dressed in black, with a very long white face, and a long grey beard. But I like to sec a Christian cheerful and happy, which Christianity is designed to make hiin. It. is, never theless, a fact that many poople 1110 less reverent iu tho house of God than they ought to he. Slotho dism feels proud of her moans for mutual edification and profit, as found in her class mooting* and love leasts; ami she is even chiuactciiscd by earnest per severance ia the great object of its mission, It is pointed and personal iu its npp.'al to the convch'iuv. And il is ngirresnive in its spirit*:. An impudent UMnonri' faid tome, ' \ oil Slethodists are alwavs poking v-ii:r nose where vou an: not. wanted.' It is seldom, however, that this can be said, for they :uc generally tirst where there ii an opening for the preaching of th.; Gospel. As an ilhi.strntiou of its aggressive spirit ami action, I mav mention that its Missionary Society iM the largost ill the world. List year it laised £ 1 oi ),l -1 11 1 for the spread of the Gospel. home people don't, like revivals, They like to be converted in a gentlemanly and proper manner. It has been said that there are more backsliders in the \\\ esleyan Society than iu any other; and I may say that it is lor the same reason that sonic mills leave more brail than others, because they turn more grist. 1 he rev. speaker went 011 at considerable length to dilate (in the distingusbing characteristics nnd con stitution of Slethodisni. i need scarcely say that I10 was Irc'piently applauded, and received a degree of attention which must have gratified the lecturer to a considerable extent. ^ ant of time prevents my copying my notes at greater length. The pluoghing match enme off' on Wednesday, in the paddock of Mr. King, at Janiberoo. The atten dance was large, nnd the prizes, indeed, attractive Not being present, I may bo in error, but I believe Sir. John Slurphy took the first prize, £10; Sir. Welsh, second prize, £7 10s; Sir. George Wood, £5 ? John hoovers, £3: and Gibby, £1. X he weather continues fiue, with searching wind from the south- west. 