JIB. RUSSELL'S DESCRIPTION OF THE PA5IC. It is fortunate for European readers that the special correspondent of The Times was on the spot, to witness with his own eyes, and depict with his own graphic pen, the extra- ordinary scenes consequent on the panic of Manassas. From any other source their accuracy would scarcely have been credited. A reproduction of his extended description of the incidents of the flight would, of course, be out of question here, but the quotation of a few passages seems to me necessary to the completeness of my chronicle of the first serious conflict between the rival federations. Mr. Russell started from Washington at five o'clock on the morning of the 21st., in a buggy, accompanied by a led horse. The battle-field was about" thirty wiles away. About half-past nine he first heard tbe booming of cannon in the distance. Shortly afterwards, as he travelled on, he was surprised at meeting a regiment of soldiers, straggling in a very disorder]}' manner from the direction of the battle. Unable to comprehend this Mr. Russell inquired of an officer where his troops were going, and received the reply, that they were going home, their three months' time as volunteers being just up! Mr. Russell went on his way, ruminating on this strange developement of American patriotism, and the influence it was likely to exercise on the destinies of the country. By noon he had reached Fairfax Court-house, a poor village of some thirty or forty brick ana wooden houses; next he came to Germantown, which had been burned down by tbe Federal troops in an hour of licence and disgrace; and subsequently reached the hill overlooking the battle-field, to which I have already referred. Mounting his horse, with the intention of penetrating to the front, Mr. Russell came to a small bridge across the road, where the drivers of a set of waggons, with the horses turned towards him, were endeavouring to force their way against the stream of vehicles setting in the other direction. " By the side of tbe new set of waggons," says The TimcS correspondent, " there were a number of \- commissariat men and soldiers, whom at first sight I took to be the baggage guard. They looked excited and alarmed, and were running bv tbe side of their horses. In front the dust • quite obscured tbe view. At the bridge the currents met in wild disorder. ' Turn back! Retreat!' shouted the men from the front; : ' We're whipped, we're whipped !' They cursed and tugged at the horses' heads, and struggled with frenzy to get past. Running by me on foot was a man with the shoulderstraps of an officer. ' Pray what is the matter, \- sir V ' It means we're pretty badly whipped, and that's a fact,' he blurted out in puffs, and continued his career. I observed that he carried no sword. The teamsters of the advancing waggons now caught up the cry. ' Turn back—turn you horses !' was the shout up the whole line; and, backing, plunging, rearing, and kicking, the horses which had been proceeding down the road reversed front, and went off towards Centreville. Those behind them went- madly rushing on, the drivers being quite indifferent whether glory or disgrace led the way, provided they could T find.lt. In the midst of this extraordinary ' spectacle an officer, escorted by some dragoons, rode through the ruck with a light cart in charge. Another officer on foot, with his swora under his arm, ran up against, me. ' What is aU this about ?' 4 Why, ive're badlv whipped. -'We're all in retreat. There's General Tyler there badly wounded.' And on he ran. There came yet another, who said, 'We're beaten on all points. The whole aimy • is in retreat.' " Still there was no flight of troops, no retreat of an army, no reason for all this precipitation: He writer igot his horse up into the field out of the road, and went on rai" " " towards the front:—"Soon I met soldiers ' who were coming through the corn, mostly " without arms; and presently I saw firelocks, , cooking-tins, knapsacks, and great coats on the ground, and obsewed that the confusion • and speed of the baggage-carts became greater, and that many of them were crowded with ' men, -or were followed by others, who clung to them. The ambulances were crowded " with soldiers, bnt it did hot look as if there wotmdetL Negro servants on led Voices dashed frantically past; men in uniforms, whom it were a disgrace to the ifession of arms to call' soldiers,' swarmed on mules, chafers, and even draught ~ which had been cut out of carts or ' Waggons, and went on with harness clinging ^ Jto tiieir heels, as frightened as their riders. . .Men literally screamed with rage and fright ^when their way vas blocked up. On I rode, asking all, 1 What is all this about f and now aodthen, ; but. rarely, receiving the answer, .. * We're whipped;' or, 'We're repulsed.' ' Faces blade and ,dusty, tongues out in the beaf^ eyes staring , - L -jt was a most wonderful sight. On they came, like him Who, having once turned round, goes on, And turns no more his head, For he knoweth that a fearful fiend Doth close behind him tread. But where was the fiend ? I looked in vain. There was, indeed, some cannonading in front of me and in their rear, but still the firing was comparatively distant, and the runaways were for out of range. "As I advanced, the number of carta, diminished, but the mounted men, increased, and the columns became denser. ' A few buggies and light waggons, filled with men, whose faces would have made up ' a great Leporello' in the ghost scene, tried to pierce the rear of the mass of carts, which were now solidified and moving on like a glacier. I crossed a small ditch by tbe roadside, got out on the road to escape some snake-fences, and, looking before me, saw there was still a crowd of men in uniforms coming along. The road was strewn with articles of clothing—firelocks, waist-belts, cartouche-boxes, caps, great coats, mess- tins, musical instruments, cartridges, bayonets and sheaths, swords, pistols, even biscuits, water bottles, and pieces of meat. Passing a white house by the roadside, I saw, for the first time, a body of infantry with sloped arms, marching regularly and rapidly towards me. Their faces were not - blackened by powder, and it. was enaentjhej had not been engaged. In reply to a question a non-commissioned officer told me, in broken English, •>,-,.. ' We , jail back to our ,, lines; T, • the attack ottoflr did rliil not Tint quite finite succeed succeed ' This This was was assuring to one wuo had come through such a scene as I had been witnessing, Finding it unposable at lengthi to stem the torrent of retreating fugitives, Mr. Russell resolved to give up further researches, and, if possible, get back Jo V asbington, which was thirty" miles off, on a horribly impeded road. Almost every runaway talked wildly of " masked batteries " and " charges of cavalry," and the panic was at its height. To get on at all, Mr. Russell took to the fields skirting the highway. The road," he says, "was now literally covered with baggage. It seemed to me as if the men inside were throwing the things out purposely. ' Stop,' cried I to the driver of one of the carts, 'everything is falling out.' ' you,' shouted a fellow iDside, ' if you stop him I'll blow your brains out.' My attempts to save Uncle Sam's property were then and there discontinued. On approaching Centreville, a body of German infantry of the reserve came marching down, and stemmed the current in some degree: they were followed by a brigade of guns, and another battalion of fresh troops. I turned up the hill half a mile beyond. The vehicles bad all left but two ; my bug-fry was gone. A battery of field-guns was in position where tbev had been standing. Thejmen looked well. As yet there was nothing to indicate more than "a retreat, and some ill- behaviour among the waggoners and tbe riff-raff of different regiments. Centreville was not in a bad position, properly occupied, and I saw no reason why it should not be held if it were meant to renew the attack, nor any reason why the attack should not be renewed, if there had been any why it should have been made. I swept the field once more. The clouds of dust were denser and nearer. That was all. There was no firing—no musketry. turned my horse's head and rode away through the village, and after I got out upon the road, the same confusion seemed to prevail. Suddenly the guns on tbe hill opened, and at the same time came the thuds of artillery from tbe woods on the right rear. The stampede then became general. What occurred at the hill I cannot say, but all the road from Centreville for miles presented such a sight as can only be witnessed in tbe track of the runaways of an utterly demoralised army. Drivers flogged, lashed, spurred, and beat their horses, or leaped down and abandoned their teams, and ran by the side of the road; mounted men, servants, and men in uniform, vehicles of all sorts, commissariat waggons, thronged the narrow ways. At everv shot a convulsion, as it were, seized upon the morbid mass of bones, sinew, wood, and iron, and thrilled through it, giving new energy and action to its desperate effects to get free from itself. Again the cry of ' Cavalry' arose. ' What are you afraid of?' said I to a man who was running beside me I'm not afraid of you,' replied the ruffian, levelling his piece at me and pulling the trigger. It was not loaded, or the cap was not on, for the gun did not go off. I was unarmed, and I did go off as fast as I could, resolved to keep my own counsel for the second time that day. And so the fight went on. At one time a whole mass of infantry, with fixed bayonets, ran down the hank of the road, and some falling as they ran must have killed and wounded those among whom they fell. As I knew the road would soon become impassable or blocked up, I put my horse to a gallop, and passed on towards the front. But mounted men still rode faster, shouting out, ' Cavalry are coming.' Again I ventured to speak to some officers whom I overtook, and said, ' If these runaways are not stopped, the whole of die posts and pickets into Washington will fly also !' One of them, without saying a word, sparred his horse and dashed on in front. I d,-) not know whether he ordered the movement or not, but the van of the fugitives was now suddenly checked, and, pressing on through the wood at tbe roadside, I saw a regiment of infantry blocking up the way, with their front towards Centreville. A musket was levelled at my head as I pushed to the front;—' Stop, or I'll fire.' At the same time the officers were shouting out,' Dont let a soul pass.' I addressed one of them, and said,' Sir, I am a British subject; I am not, I assure you, running away. I have done my best to stop this disgraceful rout (as 1 had) and have been telling them there are no cavalry within miles of them.' ' I cant let you pass, sir.' I bethough me of General. Scott's pass. The adjutant read it, and the word was given along the line, 'Let that man pass;' and I rode through, uncertain if I could now gain the Long-bridge in time to pass over without the countersign.'" On, and still on, he went, the road still thronged with terrified fugitives. The foot soldiers had contrived to get forward with astonishing speed in their race for life. After the moon had risen, Mr. Russell fora time jogged alongside on officer in charge of Colonel Hunter, who had been shot through die neck. The officer had abandoned Hi's battalion to take charge of his wounded chief. He blamed the general for the disaster; while his cry to teamsters, escorts, officers, and guards was, as he went along,'" We've been licked into a cocked hat—knocked to die devil." At length Mr. Russell reached the capital, and. bis entrance is thus described :• "As I approached Washington, I -found the grand guards, pickets' posts, and individual -sentries burning for news, and the word used to pass along, * What does that man say, Jack T ' Begorra, he tells me we're pot bet at all—only retraiting to the ould lines for convaniencv of fighting to-morrow again. Oh, that's llligant!' On getting to the tSte de pont, however, the countersign was demanded ; of course, I had not got it. But the officer passed me through on the production of General Scott's safeguard. The lights of the city were in sight and reflected on the waters of tbe Potomac, just glistened by tbe clouded moon, shone the gay lamps of the White House, where the President was probabl v entertaining some friends. In silence I passed over tbe Long Bridge. Some few hours later it quivered under the steps of a rabble of unarmed men. At the Washington end a regiment with piled arms were waiting to cross over into Virginia, singing ana cheering. Before the morning they received orders, I believe, to assist in keeping Maryland quiet For the hundredth time I repeated the cautious account, which to the best of my •knowledge was true. There were men, -women, and soldiers to hear it. The clocks bad just struck eleven p.m. as I passsed Willard's. The pavement in front of the hall was crowded. The rumours of defeat had come in, but few of the many who had been fed upon lies and the reports' of complete victory which prevailed could ci-edit the intelligence. Seven hours had not elapsed before the streets told the story. The ' Grand Army of the North,' as it was called, had representatives in even- thoroughfare, without arms, orders, or officers, standing out in the drenching rain. When all these most unaccountable phenomena were occurring I was fast asleep, but I could scarce credit my informant in the morning, when he told nie that the Federalists, utterly routed, had fallen back upon Arlington to defend the capital, leaving nearly five batteries of artillery, 8,000 muskets, immense quantity of stores and baggage, and their wounded and prisoners, in the Hands of the enemv !" 