LOCAL STATISTICS. THE INCOMING MAIL.—The English mail is now due—at all events, the telegraphic items usually brought in by the Balcludia. We shall issue our regular Extraordinary immediately upon receipt of our Special Correspondent's telegram. MECHANICS' INSTITO-TE.—As will be seen per advertisement in another column, the fourth lecture of the season is to be delivered bv Mr. Miller on Friday evening nest The subject is " The Rise "and Progress of the British Constitution," and we should think the subject will be treated by Mr. Miller in a verv instructive and able manner. The subject is one that ought to interest us all, and we have no doubt that, at the appointed hour, the Court House will lie crowdm with a most attentive auditoiy. The chair is announced to be taken at half-past seven o'clock SPORTING.—JOVIAL AND Moss TR OOPEB The second deposit of £30 will be made this evening, at Mr. Keighran's, Globe Hotel, at eisrht o'clock. Some of the sporting members of the community will meet there, and intend framing two or "three races, to be run on the same day as the match, on the 10th of August nest THE WEATHER.—We have had a little respite in the matter of heavy rains this last day or two; still heavy clouds are hanging about us, ready apparently at any moment to discharge upon our devoted heads a drop or two more of the watery element. It is con- soling, however, to know that the whole district round has been visited in like manner, so that (cot to speak pharisaically) we need not take ourselves to be the greatest of sinners in all the colony. But we ought not to grumble; the sun will soon shine again upon a wc-ll-tempered country, and everything will look fresh and beautiful. The signs of spring are even already upon us in the budding trees and a carpet of the greenest grass; and a little more patience and a little more time will cover our beautiful hills and dales with all the colours of the rainbow or that come with spring, and the chirping of the birds. THE ALBURY TIME BALL.—That great log of rough Howlong pine that might have been seen lying in front of the new Telegraph Office for some time past, baring now been polished after the similitude of a main-mast, was, on Saturday last, hoisted into its perpendicular resting-place, The work of putting it in position was conducted by the contractor, Mr. Robert Owen, who was assisted in his task by the combined intelligence of a lot of townsfolk who were present to \ritness the operation. Our respected Police-Magistrate, too, had a finger in the pie, and seemed to enjoy what was going on, giving orders with the greatest sang froid, and with the air of one accustomed to quarter-deck life, sayings, and doings. A few days, we believe, will see the affair complete in all its arrangements, and we hope it will prove a complete success in reg-ulating the time of this town, and do away with that perfect Babel of timepieces which has reigned in Albuiy for so long a time. We hope our friends the jewellers will lose nothing by this addition to our town improvements. TOWN IMPROVEMENTS.—After the lapse of two years, the Government, we believe, has granted to the Municipal Council of Albury a site on the banks of the Murray for a Botanical Garden for their town. If we mistake not, application for a site for the above was made to the Government some two vears ago, but, as the " Circumlocution Office" at bead-quarters never moves in anything in a hurry, we presume it has come to the resolution to grant the aforesaid boon upon iiill conviction that we are a growing'community, and that our steady progress in population and trade warrants the gift. However, it is not worth while to stay to enquire the why and the wherefore of the donation: the effect is more interesting than the cause—in this instance, at least. The inhabitants of the town can now begin to picture the time when they will be able to take some pleasant strolls along the banks of the Murray's stream, amid the choicest plants and flowers that Australia can boast of, with perhaps not a few of the like productions of our native home. AVe do not know the exact spot allotted for the purpose, hut certainly there are many very pretty bends of the Murray near the town which would do admirably for a Botanical Garden. But we shall know more ere long, we dare say, through the discussions of our Municipal body, who will, we trust, use every endeavour to make the Albuiy Botanical Gardens a living reality without much loss of time. ILLNESS AMONG CHILDREN.—We don't care to be considered "alarmists"—that is, we don't care to cry "Wolf" wolf!" when there is no wolf; but the very trying season •we have had, and are now experiencing, has proved elsewhere a scourge to the infantile portion of the community. We, therefore, suggest a perusal, by those whom it may concern, of the article, " Illness among Children," to be found in the back page of this number of the Banner. This town suffered most lamentably some time back from scarlatina among children, and surelv that visitation should ue a lesson to all those who have children to lose not to be careless of the powerful eftect which the different seasons have upon youth of tender age. POSTAGE STAMPS.—Some of our readers may have omitted to read the Government advertisement which appeal's in our columns touching the matter of postage stamps. We call their attention to it, as this arrangement will, we should thank, be a great public utility. NEW JOURNAL. — We have to acknowledge the receipt of No. 1 of the Keren of the Week, a new series of the late journal of that name cempiled from the Geelong Advertiser. We agree with our contemporary that the present series is an improvement upon the former one. THE JUGIONG MAIL BOBBERY. — Wa copy the following notice from the Gazette of the 28th June, in order to assist, if possible, in the detection of the perpetrators of the crime:—"Colonial Secretary's office, Sydney, 26th June, 1861. Seventy Pounds Eeward. —Whereas it lias been represented to the Government, that on the 25th instant, the mail from Gundagai to Sydney was robbed by two armed men, near Jugiong, and the mailbags taken away: Notice is hereby given, that besides Fifty Pounds offered in such cases by due notice of 91st November, 1833, a further rewm-d of twenty pounds, making in tiie whole seventy pounds, will be paid bv the Government to any person who may within six months from the present date, give such information as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of the guilty parties.—Charles Cowper." FF POSTAL IHHEGULABITIES,"—Under this heading the Wagga Wagga Express quotes a wail on the above subject made to the Southern, Courier by a correspondent at Hay, who complains of the non-receipt of that journal, through the negligence of the postoffice authorities, at that place. The Express then adds:—" We may remark that neither the Southern Courier nor the Pastoral Times for the 14th and 21st ultimo have reached ourselves." As the stone is set rolling, we, too. mav give it a push by stating that the last number of the Courier did not reach us, nor, we are pretty sure, the previous number either. But we had a funny illustration of "Postal Irregularities" on Monday morning last,—it was no other than the receipt of tlie Alpine Pioneer of the 22nd March last! Perhaps our Monaro contemporary will be surprised that the ghost of the Mercury is so dis composed, in that it walks tlie earth " like a thing of life" at this hour of the day. But we are reminded of the couplet that tells us that ; " Myriads of spiritual creatures walk the earth Both when we wake and when we sleep and we suppose this is the only explanation we shall have of this unseemly apparition. BEECHWOBTH GENEBAL SESSIONS.—We abridge from the Ovens aad Murray Advertiser of Saturday last the trial of of William Macfarlane, for pig- stealing :—" William Macfarlane was indicted for having, on 19th April last, stolen two pigs, the property of one James Jackson. Mr. B. C. Aspinall defended the prisoner. James Jackson, the prosecutor, deposed that the pigs the prisoner was charged with .stealing were his property. The smaller pi^ of the two was a pet pig. Witness claimed the pigs. Macfarlane was there, and said he had a receipt for the pigs, and if witness had a better right to them than he had, he could have them. He went for tlie police. Edward Hamilton and Charles Metcalfe deposed to fhe pigs being, to the best of his belief, tlie property of the prosecutor. William Bennett deposed to having bought the pigs from the prisoner. Sold the prisoner a dray for £9 10s., and gave him £3 10s. for the pigs. The pigs were brought in the back way by the prisoner, and witness afterwards put them in the yard in the front next the main road. Mr. Aspinall addressed the jury for the prisoner. This was a most ingular case, and it was certainly the gTeat case of the sessions. The pig in question had been dry-nursed and petted from its birth, and on this account he knew it very clearly. The learned counsel addressed tlie jury for fifteen minutes, keeping the Court in a roar of laughter, and concluded a very humourous address, by stating that he never heard of a more trumpery charge brought into a Court of law. His Honour summed up the evidence, pointing out with great clearness the duty of the jury, and what was expected from them. It should not lay with them in the least the position or influence of the accused. They were to do their duty, even for arailment supposing the offence committed was only the stealing of a pin. The jury retired to deliberate on their verdict. In about half an hour a verdict of " Not Guilty" was returned, and was greeted with some applause whicli was instantly suppressed. The prisoner was at once discharged." "HE OUGHT TO BE SETTLED FOB LIFE." —At the Beechworth General Sessions, held on Wednesday last, " Alfred Walter Vendre was charged with having stolen aud feloniously received a watch-chain, the property of Charles Townsend, a miner, residing at Spring Creek. We have ah'eady given the evidence in this case in cxienso, as heard in the Police Court. The jury found the prisoner Guilty of feloniously stealing. The Crown-Prosecutor said he had a previous conviction to produce. The prisoner was asked if lie pleaded guilty to a previous conviction. He said he did not understand; but, on its being explained, he admitted that he had been convicted under another name, at Belvoir, for stealing a gold pin. Tlie sentence of the court was that he be imprisoned, and kept to hard labour, for a period of twelve calendar months. —Ovens and Murray Advertiser. COACH ACCIDENT.—An accident, though luckily not of a serious nature, occurred on Thurs'day evening last to Crawford's coach whilst on its way from Beechworth to Yackandandah. It seems that on coming dpwn the Gap the coach upset on the sideling, and all the passengers were pitched out, but, owing to the praiseworthy exertion of Constable Robert Kerr, and the steadiness of the driver, no injuries were sustained excepting a slight bruise. Although this is the first accident that has happened to the coach, we fear it won't be the last, as the state the roads are in, and tlie darkness of the nights, make it very dangerous to travel. While speaking on tliis, we must really ask the reason why the coach comes down at all in the evening, as its time of arrival in Yackandandah is after post hours, and it might much better come down in the morning as formerly, and would just as well suit the convenience of the public.— Constitution. PUBLIC POUND, MOAMA.—"His Excellency die Governor has been pleased, in accordance with the Impounding Act of 1855, to appoint Moama to be a place for establishing, erecting, and maintaining a public pouni"— Gazette, Friday, June 21. 