ADELAIDE: SATUEDAT, OCTOBKB 19, 1861. Mb. Finniss's Constituents have asked him to resign, and he tells them he is not such a fool as they take him for. 'Besign,' indeed, when there is not the ghost of a chance of his going in for -any other district in the colony — Catch him resigning; he'd be resigned to a good deal of miflfortnne before he'd be re signed to that! Havn't we triennial Parlia ments, and will not the electors of Mount .Barker be enabled to choose Iresn representa tives in 1863? Let the Mount Barkerites wait patiently; Mr. Finniss is not going to ab squatulate to please them. What did he go in forP What pledge did he give? The only pledge he gave was to support 'the best interests of the colony.' This he says he has done, and if his constituents do not think so, ? well, let them go and ? anything they like ! Mr. Finniss is in, and doesn't mean to go out till he's kicked out. Mr. Finniss's constituents have -asked him to resign, and he, of course, concludes that his conduct on the Soothby question is the cause of it. No doubt he feels he deserves to be turned out on this question, — or, if he does not feel it, the country does. He has sold the con stitution, he has sacrificed his constituents, and he is no longer deserving of their confidence. So we think ; so his constituents think ; and so Mr. Finniss himself shrewdly suspects. Bat it is not only en the Boothby question that he is objected to. The electors of Mount Barker have long ceased to believe in him. They deeply regret the mistake they made in return ing him, and are eagerly waiting for an oppor tunity' of retracing their steps, and redeeming their error. Mr. Finniss indulges in a ghostly laugh at the idea of the next election, and asks ?'Who's afraid?' Ah! that's the question, — 'Who's afraid?' Why, we think the hon. member for Mount Barker is afraid, and some /lfiioi* linn fntnflAmon vrlirh ?' W hiatle aloud to keep their courage up,' and boast and vaunt in the inverse ratio of their confidence. How curious that those who regard it as high treason on our part to suggest a disso lution, should themselves talk jovially about the next general election, and proclaim themselves 'not afraid.' Afraid ! — No ; and if the next election was a year farther off than it is, they would be stall less afraid. Mr. Finning denounces the newspaper press, and will, therefore, not expect the newspaper press to show him any quarter. He says the public have no means of judging of topics of the day except through the newspapers. Of course they have not ; and we may just as well say that they have no means of going to England except byBhip. What are newspapers for, unless to report pnblic proceedings and to comment upon public questions? Mr. Finniss denounces the daily newspapers because they have done their duty ; but Mr. Finniss's constituents denounce him because he has not done his duty. We are quite content to take his censures, and will leave him to the censures of the electors of Mount Barker. Mr. Finnish speaks of the partisan statements of the press. What does he mean? Does he mean that the editors of the press have the honesty and courage to avow their own opinions ? Is it this which he complains of and calls ' par tisan?' We accept the reproach, and are much more satisfied to be called a ' partisan' by Mr. Finniss than to be called one of the Finniss party. This, however, we are not likely to be called, because Mr. Finniss has not got a party and never will have one. We throw back upon the hon. gentleman his charge of partisanship. Our columns have fairly represented both sides of the question, in the Boothby debate. Mr. Finniss himself has been fully reported, and Mr. Dutfcon, and Mr. Milne, and Mr. Duflield,and Mr. Townsend, and every other hon. member who. supported Judge Booihby, What if Mr. Finniss made out a lame case? Is that our fault? What if his arguments were destitute of force, and what if his side of the question was the losing side? Are we to blame for this? Why did not Mr. .Finniss make a better speech; why did he not refute the leading articleB of the press ; why did not he convince the Parliament and the country that the press was wrong, and that he was right? Ah! he couldn't j He could not even satisfy hia own constituents. They ask him to resign, and he won't resign ! Admirable sagacity ! intelligence almost human ! The hon. member is not afraid of a general election, — oh, no ! but he would rather not resign. We trust the electors of the district of Mount Barker will deal out evenhanded justice to Mr. Finniss on the one hand, and to the press on the other, wlien the time comes for reckoning. One of the host important establishments in this colony is the South Australian Institute. It is important as respects its grand scope and intention, and it is important as respects the magnitude of its operations and its extensive hold, upon public sympathy and support. For many years past this Institution has been gra dually working its way up to the pitch of emi nence now attained, and we feel perfectly justi fied in ranking it amongst the most valuable and important of our national establishments. We affirm this altogether irrespective of defects or grievances ; we are willing to admitthat there is yet much to be done, and perhaps something to be undone ; but after all that the moBt impla cable ?'malcontent' could allege, the South Aus tralian Institute still remains, and we hope will remain, an honorable monument to the intelli gence of the community, and a pledge for the advancement of their intellectual and moral in terests. We do not wish to heap together figures of arithmetic to show how much the South Aus tralian Institute has cost the country, or how much has been spent in salaries and incidental expenses. We do not wish to criticize its selec tion of books, nor to comment upon its execu tive administration. We are content to believe that the Governors, in managing its affairs, do the best they can ; and we are happy to find that its constituents, — so far from quietly acquiescing in everything done, keep a sharp look out on the management. Thus administered and thus supervised, there can be no reasonable doubt as to- the affairs of the Insti tute being gradually brought under as per fect a system of regulation as can be reasonably hoped for. The opposition occasionally evinced, though it may be irritating for a time, will work beneficially in the end, by showing the Gover nors that they have to study the inclinations, convenience, and wishes of a large number of persons, and that anything approaching to cliqueism is utterly ont of the question. Such an institution, well managed and libe rally supported, must, indeed, be a bless ing to South Australia. Its excellent, library, its commodious reading-room, its art trea sures and incipient Museum, its class rooms and classes, its lectures, soirees, and con versaziones, its affiliated societies, its itine rating libraries, its numerous offshoots or de pendencies in country districts— represent a vast and varied description of agency, the effect of which must, of necessity, be the diffusion of healthy sentiment and opinion far and wide. Intellectual relaxation, useful knowledge, op portunity for close and severe study, all meet and combine in this Institute, which again, we say, deserves the warmest sup port of South Australians of all orders and classes, whether resident in town or country. Such an agency is fraught with the elements of social progress and national advance ment, and sorry should we be to note any symptoms of diminishing attachment to an In stitution which Parliament and people alike should support and cherish by every means in their powor. The annual meeting has just terminated, and we have already published the very instructive, and, generally speaking, satisfactory report of the Governors. We commend all who are not subscribers to this admirable Institution to pay it a visit. We will not recommend them to sub scribe, — preferring to leave that to their own judgments, and contenting ourselves with simply advising a visit to the reading-room and library. The advantages derivable from a really trifling subscription are immense ; bringing within the reach of every person all the appliances of a vast educational organisation, and throwing open no small portion of the literary and intellectual treasures of the present and of past ages. But whilst thus desirous of presenting in a true light the immense public advantages accruing from this noble Institution, and the consequent duty of the public to render it adequate support, — we are well aware that it is within the power of the Governors to render the Institute either attractive or repulsive, in accordance with the regulations framed for its management, and the spirit in which those regu lations are carried out. It should ever be borne in mind that so far as it is a national Institution, so far are the people its owners and masters, and that, consequently, public accommodation should be the first and paramount object. The Insti tute should not be administered for sect or part^ for clique or faction, but for the universal people and every endeavor should be made thoroughly to popularize it. We have heard much about 'popular clamor,' but we presume there will be no objection to popular education, popular in struction, popular interest in the progress of an establishment like this. The Governors are not afraid of the oi polio i. They will not fear the Institute growing too vulgar. They will not warn off the democracy. On the contrary they will acknowledge in its fullest extent the republic of letters, and wish for nothing better than a learned democracy. Of this we have no doubt, and we therefore hope every endeavor will be made to meet the reasonable wishes of all classes of the community. For example, it has been urgently requested that visitors to the library should be allowed to pass before the shelves, inspect the books for themselves, and select such as suit them. The Governors see ' difficulty ' in this very likely, but let them grapple with and surmount the difficulty. The request is reasonable, and fully justified by precedent and example. It has been said that books will be -1* 1 _ 3 1 If -11 l—i. ^1- .. 111.— ..«_« -..-i. 4.T».%«« OlspiaCCa. vv t;u, let bue x.iui.aLieLu. pui ulciu back again. It is alleged that books may be stolen. Possibly such a thing may sometimes occur, but we must balance the good against the evil, and take the side that preponderates. We do not believe South Australians are noted for dishonesty; at the same time it may be necessary for the librarian to keep a sharper look-out. This will do him no harm, whilst the concession of the privilege requested will be hailed by many as a real boon. But we merely cite this point in illustration of a general proposi tion, namely, that the Institute, as a national establishment, should be managed for the national good, and, as far as is practicable, consis tent with the national will. This is the way to gain enlarged support, to give increased satisfac tion, and to effect extended usefulness, Aitotheb. ' census' papee has just issued from the Government Printing Office. It relates to ' the ages of the people,' and embodies many points of interest on the subject of vital statis tics. Without any further introduction, we therefore at once place before our readers a general summary of this important compilation. On the 8th of April, 1861, there were in South Australia ('exclusive of migratory population and roving aborigines') 126,830 persons, con sisting of 65,018 males and 61,782 females. The estimate for migratory and unenumerated is set, down at 1,170, bringing up the total population to 128,000. The City of Adelaide contained 18,303 persons ; other municipal towns (i.e., Ken sington and Norwood, Port Adelaide, Glenelg, Brighton, and Gawler Town), 7,393 persons. In the country districts there were 95,898 persons ; in pastoral districts beyond the counties there were 4,608 persons ; and on board shipping 628 persons. The following table exhibits the various ages, taking the whole province : — Persons. Males. Females. All Ages ... ... 126,830 65,048 63,782 Under 1 year ... 5,074 2,525 2,649 land under 2 ... 4,716 2,336 2,380 2 and under 3 ... 4,976 2,540 2,436 3 and under 4 ... 4,812 2,*52 2,360 4 and under 5 ... 4,666 2,384 2,282 . 5 and tinder 6 ... 4,433 2,229 2,204 8 and under 7 ... 8,933 1,960 1,973 7 and under 8 ... 3,600 1,712 1,888 8 and under 9 ... 2,980 1,469 1.511 9 and under 10 ... 3,136 1,586 1,550 10 and under 11 ... 3,014 1,504 1,510 11 and under 12 ... 2,623 1,347 1,276 12 and under 13 ... 2,730 1,392 1,338 13 and under 14 ... 2,262 1,138 1,129 14 and under 15 ... 2,429 1,277 1,152 Under 15 yoars ... 55,384 27,846 27,538 15 and under 21 ... 13,526 6,459 7,067 Under 21 years ... 68,910 84,305 84,605 21 and under 22 ... 2,129 1,103 1,027 22 and under 26 ... 9,348 4,274 5,074 26 and under 31 ... 11,948 6,050 5,898 31 and under 36 ... 8,626 4,775 3,851 36 and under 41 ... 7,951 4,427 3,524 41 and under 46 ... 5,457 3,034 2,423 46andu.dr5l ... 5,079 2,940 2,189 51 and under 66 ... 2,983 1,668 1,276 56 and under 61 ... 2,112 1,203 909 61 and under 66 ... 1,123 616 507 66 and under 71 ... 561 299 262 71 and under 76 ... 277 163 114 F6 and under 81 ... 118 66 52 81 and upwards ... 44 25 19 21 years and upwards 57,712 30,637 27,075 UnBpeeified ... 208 106 102 In the City of Adelaide there are 4,316 male under 21 years of age, and 4,104 above that age There are also 5,000 females under 21, and 4,862 over 2J., besides 30 of age ' unspecified.' In the rural districts there are 27,074 males, under 21, and 22,363 over 21 ; the females in the same districts being 26,679, and 19,619 respec tively, besides a few of both sexes, ages unspeci fied. As illustrative of the supply of male labour we may take all males over 15, and the totals will stand thus : — MALES OVER 15 TEARS OF A-JE. In Adelaide ? ;. 4,922 In other Municipal Towns ? 1.854 In Rural Districts ? 27,370 In Pastoral Districts ? 2,419 Shipping ... ? 531 Total ? 37,096 In our next we will give a few more figures, but as they are a rather dry study we will not inflict too much at once upon our' readers, although it will be readily admitted that the records of the census are really important, and as such it is our duty to pkee at least the general results before the community. Ik every country of the world the insect tribes prove more or less detrimental to the pursuits of the farmer, but in some countries these pests are exceedingly destructive, and, in many instances, annihilate, in an incredibly short space of time, entire crops of vegetation. It would be very in teresting — were we writing a popular essay, or sketching the outline of a lecture — to collect the various accounts recorded of preternatural insect visitations, which, appearing suddenly to spring from the dust, or to descend from the clouds, have filled whole territories with dismay and laid waste immense tracts of country more rapidly than the advance of a desolating army. Our readers have, doubtless, read the marvellous stories to which we refer, or others of a similar description, so that we will not be tempted to wander into this pleasant field of narrative. The object we have in view is a practical one and may be stated in few words — namely, that, to a very great extent, the increase and multiplica tion of detrimental insects is man's own fault, and is effected by his reckless or mistaken war upon birds — nature's principal counterpoise to what otherwise soon proves to be an excess of insect life. ., , There are two principal modes in which man kind effectually destroy the feathered race. First, by the destruction of their eggs, some times taken as articles of food ; at other times from mere wantonness or childish amusement. Secondly, by the enormous slaughter of the birds themselves, which are killed, sometimes for sport only, sometimes to be eaten as food, and sometimes from the idea that birds are injurious to vegetation. We put out of sight the destruction of the smaller birds by birds of prey, although the increase of the former would oe grtxtiiijT prumubcu 11 mure tituc were laacu uu destroy the carniverous species. Some even of the birds of prey are of great use to the farmer as destroyers of mice and other vermin. At present, however, we limit our remarks to the enormous destruction of the feathered race affected by the agency of man, sometimes through wantonness ; sometimes for food ; sometimes through an utter misconception of the part that birds play in the general economy of nature. The question thus introduced to the notice of our readers has lately arrested very general at tention throughout Europe in consequence of the astonishing decrease — we might almost say disappearance — of birds in France, and the con current rapid and fearful multiplication of in jurious insects. To such an extent has this gone that several learned French societies have petitioned the Legislature to take immediate and energetic steps to stop the further destruc tion of birds, as the only means imaginable of saving agriculture and horticulture from the utter ruin with which they are threatened by the unchecked multiplication of insect life. These petitions are most remarkable documents, and set forth in an interesting manner many curious facts illustrative of the balance estab lished by nature as regards vegetation, insect life, and the feathered race. The official Moniteur contains many columns of scientific disquisition on the subject. The Agricultural Societies of France have entered with enthusiasm into the discussion. The English. Press have translated the memorials and written leaders on the prac tical aspects of the question, — and having said this, we have advanced quite enough to justify us in asking those who have hitherto looked upon birds as nuisances to the fanner, and only made for killing, to pause before they needlessly destroy that balance of nature which the Creator has, with equal wisdom and benificence, estab lished. Of course it is not intended to question the propriety of killing birds for food, or for really useful purposes ; what is aimed at is simply to impress upon the minds of all that birds are- man's friends. A French naturalist remarks — ' The bird can live without man, but man cannot live without the bird.' The French memorialists commenced by re ferring to the many thousand species of insects abounding in France, most of them endowed with fearful fecundity, to the detriment of all the most valued forms of vegetable life. Timber and fruit trees, the olive, the vine, all vegetable roots, — above all, grain of every description — have of late years been subjected to unwonted attacks. As regards grain, the loss in one year, in one of the Eastern departments of Franoe, by the larva ciciiornyiaiie is set down at four millions of francs. In 1856 an important work was published in Paris, on the insects most detrimental to those crops chiefly used for human food, and it was shown that on an average of three years the loss in some localities amounted to one-half of the entire crop. As regards rape, the Agri cultural Society at Versailles, by means of most careful and very extended experiments, have come to the conclusion that three grains out of every five produced are either eaten up by insects or destroyed by their contamination. In Germany one species of insect (plialcena monacha) has destroyed whole forests. In 1810 orders were given, as the only means of pre venting an increase of insects that threatened to devastate the, country, to burn the whole of the forests of Jaunebach. In East Prussia, three years ago, orders were given to cut down (pre maturely) 34 millions of cubic feet of timber, because it was perishing through insect ravages. Many other illustrations are given of the enor mous extent to which the most valuable and useful forms of vegetation are being yearly destroyed by insects. Putting aside preter natural and inexplicable developments of insect life at rare intervals, and under circumstances as mysterious as insurmountable, it is argued that the most serious losses are now those which occur year after year; in fact, that the rapid increase of insect life is fast overbalancing the productiveness of vegetation. This destruction of vegetation is attributed to the wonderful and progressive increase of insects ; and this is, again, attributed, to a very large extent, to rapid destruction and disappear ance of the insects' natural counterpoise— birds. A few extracts from the Times' translation of the French memorial will repay perusal. We take the following : — ' However considerable these ravages are, it is surprising that they are not even greater when the prodigious fecundity of these evil species are considered ; and if God in His wisdom had not provided a remedy, vegetation would have dis appeared from the face of the earth. ' In fact, against such enemies man is power less. His genius may enable him to follow the course of the planets, to penetrate mountains or steer a ship against a storm ; he can kill or bend to his will the monsters of the forests ; but in presence of these myriads of insects which, from every point of the horizon, settle upon his fields, cultivated with so muoh care, his strength is sheer weakness. His eye is not even sharp enough to discern many of them, his hand top slow to catch them. And even were he to anni hilate them by millions, they would reappear by milliards. From above, from below, from right to left, they come in legions innumerable, without relapse. In this invincible army which advances to the conquest of the labor of man, eaoh member has its month, its day, its season, its tree, its plant ; each knows its own battle ground, and never mistakes its post. ' At the beginning of the world man would have succumbed in this unequal struggle if God had not given him in the bird a powerful aux iliary, a faithful ally, who wonderfully accom plishes the task which man is incapable of per forming. ' In fact, who but the little bird could be con tinually looking1 out for and catching the weevil five millimeters in length, while depositing its eggs in a cornfield in the young incipient grain P Who could catch the small butterfly of the pyrale when flying about with the same object in view P 'Who, especially, could find those minute eggs and larvae of which one single mSsange con sumes 200,000 in one year ? ' Yet man, by a strange blindness, shows him self the most terrible enemy of these gentle and useful creatures. More cruel than the kite and hawk, who kill to feed, he destroys them for the simple love of destruction. The gun is not mur derous enough ; it is, moreover, preserved for nobler game ; it is by all sorts of contrivances — such as nets, birdlrme, traps, &c.; — that these charming and indispensable little friends are per secuted by man, to whom they were given by a wise Providence,' The Times says ' the poverty of the French harvest this very year is attributed to the ravages of a particular worm, which it is the function of a certain bird to destroy.' From the same journal we take the following interesting pas sage :— ' If the arrangements of Nature were left un disturbed, the result would be a wholesome equilibrium of destruction. The birds would knl so many insects that the insects could not frill too many plants. One class is a match for the other. A certain insect was found to lay 2,000 eggs, but a single tom-tit was found to eat 200,000 eggs a year. A swallow devours about 543 insects a day, eggs, and all. A sparrow's nest in the city of Paris was found to contain 700 pairs of the upper wings of cockchafers, though, of course, in such a place food of other kinds was procurable in abundance. It will easily be seen, therefore, what an excess of insect life is produced when a counterpoise like this is withdrawn; and the statistics before us show clearlv to what an extent the balance of Nature has been disturbed. A third, and wholly artificial, class of destroyers has been ntroduced. Every chasseur during the season kills, it is said, from 100 to 200 birds daily. A single child has been known to come home at night with 100 birds' eggs, and it has been calculated and reported that the number of birds' eggs des troyed annuallv in France is between 80,000,000 and 100,000,000. The result is that little birds in that country are actually dying out ; some species have already disappeared, and others are rapidly diminishing. But there is another consequence. The French crops have Buffered terribly from the superabundance of insect vermin. Not only the various kinds of grain, but the vines, the olives, and even -forest trees, tell the same tale of mischief, till at length the alarm has become serious. Birds are now likely to be protected ; indeed, their rise in esti mation has been signally rapid. Some philosopher has declared, and the report quotes the saying as a 'profound' one, that ' the bird can live without man, but man cannot live without the bird.' The Keport alludes especially to sparrows which are very generally destroyed, because they themselves are large consumers of grain and do some damage to garden produce. Bat where ever sparrows have been exterminated, it has been found that far worse consequences have marked their absence than ever attended their presence ; and so conclusively has this been esta blished that sparrows have been re-imported, at considerable trouble and expense, into those dis tricts from which they were so ruthlessly and perseveringly banished. We have mentioned above that, in and about one sparrow's nest in Paris, were found 1,400 wings of the cockchafer ; and to this we may add that Frederick the Great, who declared war against the sparrow because of its devastations amongst his favorite fruit, the cherry, was subsequently convinced by the astounding increase of several kinds of insects, that he had made a great mistake, aud he actually appropriated a large sum of money to re-introduce the bird he had proscribed and de stroyed. Agriculturists will read with interest the following extract from a letter by a prac tioal farmer — Mr. Samuel Lucas, of Hitchin, published in the Times of August 22 : — ' The depredations of the sparrow, however, call down vengeance upon the feathered tribes that frequent our hedge-rows ; there is no deny ing that he is fond of corn, and during three weeks or a month will help himself to the wages due to him for his yearly service pretty freely. Yet it is not difficult to show that the sparrow is a valuable bird to the farmer. A friend of mine, sceptical upon this point, shot a hen bird which was busy on his land in the early summer, aud found in her mouth seven wireworms. A few days since I was walking over one of the best cultivated farms in an adjacent county, and found the turnips patchy and losing plant every day. I asked, 'Have you been killing the small birds P' ' My neighbor and myself killed 1,500 Bparrows this spring^' was the reply. I then turned up a few turnips and found several wire worms to each plant. I have no objection to the boys upon the farm helping themselves to a sparrow pudding with the bat folding nets in the winter nights, but I have set my face against the modern system of poisoning birds in the spring; my crops are as good as my neighbors', and there is on the farm 70 acres of swedes, healthy and a good plant. I admit that I spend a few pounds annually in field keeping ; it is no use to set a boy to keep birds from corn ; he will only make a noise when his master is in sight. I therefore recommend farmers to employ men on this most important service of some intelligence and of a character to be depended upon. The corn is only in danger for two or three weeks.' We have already exceeded the space we intended to devote to this subject ; but as the question is interesting to the naturalist as well as to the farmer, we must make yet another extract or two from the report : — ' Allow me, then, to quote an example which M. Prevost gives respecting the marten. Ten of those birds were killed between the 15th of April and 29th of August, at the close of day, as they were returning to their nests. The insects, of which the remains were found in their stomachs, amounted to no less than 5,432, giving to each day for each bird an average of 543 insects destroyed. Another statement gives analogous results to the hedge sparrow, and among the insects thus destroyed figure precisely our most formidable enemies — the weevil, the pt/rale, the cockroach, and a host of others. ' You will easily understand, gentlemen, the mischief done by these insects, if you call to mind that the cockroach deposits from 70 to 100 eggs at a time, which soon are transformed into white worms, which for two or three years live exclusively upon the roots of our most valu able vegetables. The weevil produces from 70 to 90 eggs, which, laid in so many grains of corn, become larvae that eat them all up. Thus, one single weevil destroys a whole ear of corn. Tkepyrale lays from 100 to 130 eggs in as many shoots of vine. Thus attacked, the shoot pines and dies. From 100 to 130 grapes are thus destroyed by one pyrale before their formation.' One of the most destructive pests to the farmer is the mouse— yet owls and some other birds that live almost wholly upon mice, are treated by farmers as their natural enemies, are shot and nailed to the barn-door. The report says : — 'If the sparrows and the crows make as pay for their services, there are other birds — and they are far more numerous — which render us gra tuitous services. They are, first of all, the night birds of prey, as bats, barn-owls, and others, which ignorance sillily persecutes as birds of evil omen. Agriculturists ought to bless them ; for, ten times better than the best cats, and without threatening the larder like them, the birds of this order wage a determined war against rats and mice, so detrimental to stacked corn or grain in barns, and destroj in the fields hosts of field mice, moles, and dormice, which without these night hunters would become an intolerable scourge. ' Pointing out the ravages committed by these little nibblers in the fields and plantations, Buffon gives an idea of how they multiply ; in three weeks he had caught more than 2,000 in a plantation of 40 acres. According to observa tions made by the English naturalist White, a pair of white barn-owls destroy daily at least 150 little nibblers. Where is the cat that could give such a result P Let us add that it is these birds alone that can give chase to moths and night in sects, many of which are most destructive.' Mr. Lucas, whom we have already quoted, says of the white owl — 'It would not be difficult to show that rooks, starlings, and all our winter birds of the thrush tribe, are of the greatest service ; but I will not trespass on your space further than to say one word for the white owl. The farmer has no more destructive enemy than the common mouse ; its depredations almost exceed belief. The white owl destroys them throughout the year, and feeds its voracious broods (for it continues to breed all through the summer) with little else than mice. Last winter, a grove of pollard witch-elms was felled near Walkern, in this county. The bowl of one tree appeared to be full of black mould, which, when dried in the sun, turned out to be the fragments of mice, which had been thrown up in pellets from the stomach. I have taken much pains to keep the white owl on my farm, and it delights me every evening to see the bird, hovering over the beau tiful standing barley, or flying by me, as it did last night, with a mouse in its claw.' All these particulars are interesting to the scientific man and to the naturalist ; but it is not from this point of view that the question has been urged upon the Legislature. Practical legisla tion for averting the destruction of birds is the thing asked for ; and, if we may judge from the great degree of public interest excited by the discussion, some measure preservative of the feathered tribes is by no means unlikely to be adopted in more than one European country. In South Australia we may not need legislation on such 'a subject, but possibly the experience of other nations may teach us a lesson. 