TOWN TALK. Another meeting of tho Exploration Com- mittco was held ycBtcrday afternoon, in accord- anco with the tcrm9 of adjournment on tho previous day. The subject of Bonding a party by sea to the north of chc Albert Biver, in addition to Walker's party overland, was again discussed at considerable length ; nnd tho conclusion arrived at was that a deputation should again wait on tho Chief Secretary to request him torcconBidcr his decision not to send a sea-hoard party. Tho deputation consisting of Mr. Iiigar, Br. Mueller, Br. Macadam, and Br. Gillbeo, subsequently waited on'tho Chief Secretary, and after tho question had again been reviowod in itB various bearings, Br. Gillbeo pointed out that if Walker's party wero increased by a party of white men not accustomed to tho modes of life and travelling of tho blacks, they could not travel overland with anything like their usual rapidity. Tho Chief Secre tary as a satisfactory argument in favour of tho views of tho committee, agreed to coun termand tho strengthening of Walker's party by the addition of a number of wliito men, end to appropriate tho sum of L2000 to send a party, with horses, by sea, to tho Gulf of Car pentaria, especially, as in tho ovont of Walker refusing to go, there would thu3 bo a certainty of one party proceeding without delay to explore tho northern territory in Bcareh Mr. Burko and his party. Mr. ThomaB Bickson addressed tho electors of North Melbourne, at tho Block Prince hotel and tho Peacock hotel, yesterday evening. At both meetings there wero about three hundred persons present. Tho explanations of the candidate, and his answers to questions, wcregonerally satisfactory, but at each meeting the Bhow of hands for ond against him wore almoBt equal. , Ho however considered the reception ho had met sufficient to justify him in determining him to go to the' poll. At tho meeting at tho Peacock hotel it was stated that Mr. Everard would come forward to contest tho election for North Melbourne. Mr. Bobert M'Oluro addressed a meeting Of electors of South Bourke, last evening, at the Governor Hotham Hotel, Hewthorn ; and succccdod in getting an unanimous vcrdiot in favour of his fitness to represent tho con stituency in tho LegiBlotivo Assembly. Tbcro wero about two hundred personB present; Mr. James Ferguson presiding. A report of the candidate's Bpccch appears in subsequent columns. Mr. Edward Bangton, ono of tho oandidoto for tho representation of Collingwood, ad dressed a largo and somewhat noisy meeting last evening, at tho National Hall, King William street. Mr. Langton, who is a stanch free trader, spoko at great length in fuvour of that principle, and endeavoured to show-that protection would bo no benefit to tho colony. After giving an outlino of his views upon tho principal topics of tho day, tho usual voto that ho was a fit and proper person, etc., was car ried by a small majority. Wo publish to-day another racy letter from Hobart Town, which we recommend to our good-natnrod readers as an agreeable ohange from overlasting and never-lasting Victorian politics. The Norlh Western CtCroniele is informed, on very good authority, that Mr. Julius Vogel, who, during its earlier days edited tho Mary borough and Dunolly Advertiser, intends to contest tho representation of tho Avoca electoral district. « This gentleman," continues tho North Western Chronicle, " for some time conducted tho Inylewood Advertiser, with that invariable Bucoess . for wlueli his literary pro ductions are so well known. Wo fool assured tho electors of Avoca will hear of Mr. Vogol as a candidate with tho utmost pleasure, and Bhould ho be returned, we may bo oxcusod for envying Avoca tho possession of so able a representative, and ono whoso literary ability is equalled by his business habits. We indeed regrot that ho is not a candidate for Oreswiok, and feel oonfidont that our regrot will bo bharcd by a largo numbor of tho oleotors of this borough." A little puffy, but then, wo nro not accountable for it Mr. O'Brien meots tho eloetors of East Melbourno at tho Protestant Hall, Stephen strcot, on Friday evening. Councillor Harbison intends, we understand, to offer liiinBelf for election at North Mel bourne. His polities are notyot known. OnFriday evening last, Mr. Richard Walton addressed a mcoting of the Ararat electors, at the Shamrock Concert Hall. Tho room was 1 quite crowded, there being not leas than 800 persons presont. At the hour mentioned Mr- Walton appeared, but without a chairman, and a pause of a fow minutes ensued, when Mr. Temple rose nnd said that as Mr.' Walton wns an entire Btranger in the place, the least, ho thought, tho electors could do waTtT5 a chairman to preside at tiic mcctin"11'0''1' wnich it was immediately prop0.B'i seconded that Mr. Templo tnko tb Mr. Temple complying, said that ho ho t""' fellow-electors would not consider tlintl in nny way pledging himself by t- cliair. The candidate was a strnnr them, nnd ho trusted they would impartial hearing. Without further c "mil> he would introduce Mr. Walton I Mr. Walton then addressed tho great length, nnd. tho usual motions wCr"g !| but the meeting declined pledging itsi!"11' anything until tho day of nomination. '' 'of thanks to tho chairman followed" meeting terminated nmid three cheer"' Walton, nnd thrco groans for O'Hcn. " 'l' . Mr. Sornplo addressed a numerous me r of electors of Ballaarat East, on Tucadn i ing, at tho Yarroweo hotel. The ch4.| taken by Mr. A. E. Baird, who introduce a| enndidato to tho meeting. Mr. Scmplo i nt great length upon tho vnrious political hrl now engaging public attention, and exnl/', his opinions very decidedly. Several 0 were put to tho candidate and a vote of' j -fidenco in him as a fit and propor perroM represent tho constituency in tho Asscmbb 'I carried. I The stir in tho tobacco trade appears t0 1, 1 drawing attention to the advisability of cal,'| voting tho " weed" for ourselves. By an atbf. | tisemont, we observo that a premium of Bo ' I addition to tho current price for "goodWil is offered for tho first ton of colonial toi.,, I delivered in Beecmber. I A letter from Mr. Mai-3 Miller, sccreiaipjl tho Municipal Conference, was read before ft, I Eastern Council of Ballaarat, on lueij. I evening, advising tho Council to draw cuil dates' attention at tho coming elections to thl necessity for municipal endowments, and J Municipal Institutions Amendment Act, p,l matter was referred to tho joint committee J the two Councils. There can bo no objectfc-l to. endowments, so that thoy consent thee; J forward to a cessation of tho grants-in-aid, I A mcoting of Scotch procurators was held J tho Rainbow hotel, Swanston street, ycstcrfJ afternoon, to consider tho BtcpB advisable toiJ taken for testing candidates at tho caiuj general election. Tho lion, secretary atiJ that ho had already opened up a corrciptl donee on tho subject with several parties in la country districts, and had received nssuranl from oleetora in several districts that thl would test candidates on tho qucstil as desired. It was resolved by /J meeting to .test all candidates who virJ supposod to bo doubtful ; and the list J doctoral districts and probablo cae'J dates wero cnrefully gone through vjl that object. Tho meeting wns glad to brl that there was a prospect of a good nuobel their fellow countrymen obtaining seats in fcl now House of Assembly, and that one of I1. J own number was again about to contestant:! country constituency, and this timo with hope of success. As tho procurators, or p:l vinciul solicitors of Scotland, equally with Scotch Supremo Court solicitors, had brail twclvo months post oligiblo ns attornm J England, it was resolved that no stone slioil bo left unturned and no effort spared :| obtain tho enactment of a similar law in J colony during tho onsuing session of Parol ment. An address to their fellow countnJ — eleotors of Viotoria— was ordered to bo pared by tho lion, secretary, and to bo ei> J sively circulated through the medium of tl press in tho country districts. "AVith tho exception," says yestcri: M. A. Mail, " of tho appearance of Mr. Pri; address, which wo print in another rafc no publio intimation lias beon givca civ intention to scok tho suffrages of thurcli' tuoney ot tho elootion, tho nominate: which will tako plnco on tho 5th of Auga-I,u the polling, wo understand, is fixed forthel'i of August. A requisition to Lieut, SmiA being extensively signed, requesting that r tloman to present himself for ro-olcction, t his consent, we think, may bo safely a«UE Br. Macadam told us from tho hustings, r- ho was returning thanks .after his defeat, if ever he - wont into Parliament again, 1 would do ao as ono of tho t prcsentativos for Castlomainc, and : preBumo that lie will now mako tho cfiM gratify his ambition. Indoed, wo eipsl that his address would appear in this air. ing's paper, but it does not." Our cod: porary proceods with a fow remarks on 1 Clarke, jun., Mr. John Orr, Mr. Ireland, r Mr. Aspinall, oneo spokon of, but not nor,: connection with Castlomainc, and cont/.i- tlius:— "Tho list of 'likely mon' liL1 exhausted, and wo still are of opinion that : the dny of nomination there will bo only lb real candidates, — Pyko, Smith, and ifacilt Invitations will probably becxtondcdtooibs but more for tho snko of gotting up a oar than for any other reason. A nugget weighing tliirty-ono ounces n . brought in from tho Alma, and sold in Ik': borough on Saturday last. a; Tho Maryborough Advertiser comes E jn strong on tho lato protection mcoting il t Mechanics'. Wo take a fow sentences fc loader of Monday on tho subject. They s-'f follow: — "In no respect are tho interest town and countiy — of tho goldfields Melbourne, likely to bo so antagonistic i irreconcilable as in regard to tho queslta te free trade and protection. Upon that s«!j 'h wo anticipate that tho mining districts v- unanimous. No protectionist, wo should!-: will hnvo tho ghost of a clinnco, at thocoS general election, outsido Melbourne ' | Geelong. Wo are not to bo ' terrified' t?: | subscription of L.50 to the Protect League by Mr.Ambroso Kyt o, nor convert the transparent fallacies of Mr. Graham K nor convinced by tho illogical mnundffl- Mr. Bon, Wo have hoard all such stabs sophistical arguments in favour of mon'ij- high prices, scarcity, nnd class k-T- , before. Wo are not of opinion tint - colony was discovered and established bj exclusive bonofit of ja handful of masons in Melbourno nnd Gcolong, ® its progress is to bo arrested for the - keeping tho wages of metropolitan arii#- a high figure. Wo object to bo taxefi tf |j such a purpose ; for wo might just os # | ably clamour for an impost of IH upon every aovoreign imported Egg colony, on tho ground that as ire tK || duoers of raw gold, wo ought to T K|1 nativo industry, and enable the miner to eompoto upon moro . " ; terms with tho minors of California Ural Mountains. Preposterous proposition may appear, it is n0'. postcrous than the project of levying volorem duty " of "fivo-and- twenty .Bp upon oil eoinmoditica introduce || colony which wo are capable o ,.H| taring or producing ouvsolves. W ,E| a duty of ono pound per ounce to upon all crude or coined gold, on Hjj frSyllnr y of fto I>ropOBi- iust adrortod to. If all producing in- "n L to bo protected, then, obviously, 1 !. nroduciiig interest of tbo colony t,11! ;or nnd indefensible right to bo so iia3. " d __a claim paramount, in fact, to aU p TTaro tlio advocates of protection in others. (jooiong over looted at tlio ,w5rA wiowca q.U- reasoning out to all its consequences ? .rial of Leonard Mason, on the charge ru ni murder of Alex. M'Dougall, at the ®f ' ? CKppa Land, took placo yesterday at STcrimiaal Sessions of the Supreme Court. flLt interest appeared to bo excited in tho It for tho court was densely thronged nulehout tlio day. Tho Jury found a verdict If manslaughter, and tho prisoner was sen tenced to twelve years' hard labour on tho entries for tho Great OampbellGeld Steeplechases are to bo made to-night, at tho Bull and Mouth hotel, Melbourne, between nnd nine o'clock, and tho Handicap cafcu »uu , . lits wiH be declared during tho evening. A large number of horses aro cxpectod to nominate, and, from tho first-class list of towards who have agreed to officiate, tho owners of horses may mako sure of justice i,cing dono them. "Wo understand that Mr. B Jeffrey has been requested to net in plaoo of Colonel Bobbins, who is absent in Sydney. Iho Korlh Western Chronicle has Mr. jfcadin's authority for stating that ho will contest" that district at tho forthcoming elec tion. Mr. Moadin is a member of tho Lexton Eoad Board, and owns considerable landed property in the neighbourhood of the Springs. Tho following is from yesterday's AT. A. On receipt of advices by tho last mail, tho bunks advanced 9d per ounce. This it appears has been occasioned by an advance of 1 por cent, on tho rntcs of exchange, which his again been caused by tho present unfor. tunato condition of affairs in America at tho present time. It may bo that rates will rise aren higher, and cause a proportionate inorcaso ia tho valuo of our staplo produce. "Wo are informod on a highly reliable source that this is very probable, one of tho greatest money dealing corporations writing as follows in re ference to tho London money markot : — 1 Ship ments of coin to America having boon resumed, tho Bank of England mini mum has been again advanced to six per eint., and it is diffioult to foroseo tho future value of money.' This coming from tho au thority wo quote, may bo taken as conclusive. Wo draw ospeeial attention to tho fact in ordor that our more distant mining readers may bo mode acquainted with tho augmented valuo of, and may receive tho full prico of their gold." (This riso in tho price of gold on the goldGclds, we may add, is general. But tho quotations vny a little. Eor instance, tho North Western Chonkle of Tuesday, says " Tho banks at Back Creek have raised tho rate of exchange oa England by 1 , per cent. At tho same timo it will interest tho miners to learn that a cor responding riso is made in tho prico of gold here. Back Creek gold is now purchased by tho banks at L.3 18s. 3d. per ounce." Again, tho Maryborough Advertiser , of tho samo day says " On Saturday, tho Bank of Victoria in Maryborough raised tho prico of gold from L.3 163. 9d. to L.3 17s. 6d., being an advance of 9d. por ounce. It is understood that tho riso is in consequenbo of tho drain of specie caused by the American war. Tho "Union Bank wo believe advanced 3d., nnd the others not at all, but wo presumo tho advance will bo general." On Saturday, Mr. Samuels,, tho goldbrokor, exhibited, at Back Creek, n splendid cake of goU, weighing ninety ounces, the produot of one of tho claims on Eocky Flat. Dr. Toul, tho city coroner, hold an inquest, yesterday, on the remains of a femalo infant, found on tho beach at St. Hilda, on tho pre vious day. Tho Jury returned a verdict that thero was no ovidonco before them to show the cause of death, or by whom . tho child had been exposed. Tho remains 'wero much' decomposed, and had evidently been buried somo time. Doctor Owens's lecture on " Sleop, Dreams, and Mental Hallucinations," drow n large and attentive audience to the Mechanics' Institu tion bat night. Of course the lecturer, — being a medical man of tho Carpenter soliool, — re ferred all phenomena of a (supposed) preter natural cast to morbid or abnormal states of tho bruin and nervous system. With what Carlyle calls the force of " victorious analysis" ho un dertook to explain all aotunl or possible visions, dream-fancies, rovories, trances, somnambulistio marvels, spectral illusions, and spiritual appa ritions whatsoever. Tho lecture, however, was certainly an ablo and instructive one of its kind, and elicited a hearty vote of thanks from the audience. But that the lecturor's facts and arguments did not carry complete con viction to tho minds of all his audi tors was proved by the fact that Mr. Blair — who occupied the chair, — whilst cordially acknowledging tho excellence of tho discourse, declared himself as strongly opposed as evor to tho materialistic viows, and offered to debato tho wholo subjeet with Dr. Owoub on any platform. Tho most exacting of thci multitudinous admirers of Verdi's "II Trovatoro," could scarcely desire a finer representation of that popular opera than that which was witnessed lost night at tho Theatro Boyal. The cast of characters wob as etrong as tho most accom plished siugors in these colonies could mako it, including, as ' it did, Mesdames Escott and Bianchi, and Messrs. Squires and Farquharson. Tho principals have seldom administered the great natural and artistio resources at tlieir command with a more profuse liberality. Tho inferior porsonages of tho dramatiB pcrsonm wore respeotably embodied, tho chorus exhibited perfoot acquaintance with tho duties allotted to that dopartmont, and tang tunefully as well as with precision, nnd tho orchestral effects wero produced skilfully and in correct taste." This is high praise, but tho excellence of tho performance is no. thing exaggerated by it. In her interpretation f the declamatory passages which so fre- gtiently occur in the musio which tho composer fhu entrusted to Iub lioroiuo, Madame Escott applies every requisite. Tho characteristic self-abandonment in tho realisation of the fictitious character "she assumes is a great charm, which tho constant spectator of this lady's impersonations must appreciate. Barrow as tho range of tragio effect is in tho operatic drama, bIio has proved herself not only capable of occupying each point of ad vantage, but of oxtonding its development. The romantic love of Leonora for tho Trou- badour, as expressed hy Madamo Escott, differs " radically from tho more earthly pliaso of tho paBsion which agitates tho bosom of " La Fnvorita," as from tho loftier grade o Aormn's bctrayod affection. Tho pathotic Sentiment which thoeo characters possess in common, is vivified by her with on equally toparnto distinctiveness. Tho passions of anger and fear aro naturally illustrated, and few actresses upon the lyric stage have shown themselves moro opulently endowed with . the power of fecial expression. The character of Verdi's Leonora, in its dramatic meaning, is ono peculiarly adapted to display Madame Escott's versatile qualities, nnd its lyric properties find in her a faithful nnd elegant exponent. Her performance last night was in many respects superior to any provious rendering of the part by hor that wo havo wit nessed. As tho wild vindictivo gipsy, Azucenn,' Madame Bianchi was also eugaged in one of her best impersonations, nnd although tho music is occasionally out of hcr voice, tho hearer is not particularly reminded of tho circumstanco by any strained effort on hor part.. Sho Bang well, and acted with hor oustomnry intelligence. Tho purity, sweotness, and perfect intonation of Mr. Squires's tenor, were displayed to full advantage iri-Hlio part of Manrico, and Mr. Farquharson, whoso re-appearance nftor lib recent sorious illness, was welcomed with the greatest enthu siasm, by tlio able identification of himself with tho truculent Count di .Luna, at once, and wo trust, permanently, restored to tho character tho proper significance of which in his absonoo it had beon dispossessed. There were several encores, and tho representatives of tho principal characters wero soveral times called to receive special compliments. To night Eossini'b grand opera, " La Cencrontola,'' (Anglioe Cinderella,) will bo presented for tho first time in Australia. Tho pcouliar genius of its great composer is-displayed in its full magnificenco in this beautiful work. Tho music, although far from being hackneyed, is popular wherever tho Italiau opora has found a home. 