DEBATABLE GROUND; On, THE CARULLAWARUA CLMMA.NT8. CnAFTBR XIX. Morj- arratns drctimp, and hav -ision». '''?« l'e lapsing 01 tne now trial Meters. Uiles. Cutuu, and Curtenhad ceased to look after the numerous witnesses, whom it was necessity to keep at himd, and that flock of locusts, having eaten up every green thing dispersed, with the exception of I-»eiah Coe. Mr. Iloske'l had intimated tUat her horr,e find pension nt Cailillawarra hud ceased, and the old creature in her age and decrepitude was ieft alone and homeless. Darby and Betsy called on the attorneys for the plaintiffs. ' Well, my good people,' said Mr. E. Catteo, into whose private office they happened tu be shown, rubbing his chin with a quill, ' I don't sse what I cm do— case lapsed— fallen through, you see, and we have no further use of old women ; i' fact, too manv old women to do butinest with already ;' and Mr. it. Ourten laughed, 'But what wili become of the poor old sou!, Sirf' pleaded Bessy. 'Really can't say Mrs. ? . Nor- naree haj dropt off, Gupposc you take this old dame to fill her place r or there'* the Bcseroleat Asylum.' And he applied the quill again. Neither propositions suited the mason and Ms wife ; they would volubly hsve ex plained why, hut Mr. Curten cut them short, and intimated that he had no time for gratuitous advice ; and if they wanted it professionally ? ' Bui they withdrew. Norah went home to Darby Digs' little cottage; but the mason and his wife quite beset the office of Messrs. Giles, Curten and Curten, bo did mother Coe, after she was removed to the Asvlum, whea the little Digsea took sick, and Darby and Betsy were in sore trouble. After an unusually plaintive and lengthy inflection Mr. J. Curten was delighted by meeting Amina Kos kell s he was the gentleman, who had shown her the documents, in Leliois v. Hoskell. Some complimentary remarks being expended, the happy thought struck him of acquainting Amitm with Koran Coe's state of need. ' Fact is, Miss Hoskell, Bhe can have no claim on you, or your family ; but these people are such & shocking pest, that it would be conferring a personal favour if you could euggest some way of getting rid of them.1' 'Dismiss all anxiety on the subject; she shall trouble you no more. 1 think I know something of Digs and his family, they are honest, hard-working people. 1 am obliged to you for this additional favour.' Mr. J. Curten thought there was a little frethnett in showing so much avidity to assist a witness on the other side ; but young ladies will ride hobby homes, without bridle or check : and she w»s. mnrniwer n stately, handsome lady ; 60 he bowed and smilei, and her rich mourning swept away along the pave ment. lletsy Uiggk was shedding tears over a cradle, where a Itveiish little babe moaned and tossed. 'The finest and Messedest baby she ever had,' the mother thought; when there rose up before her astonifched gaze the very same lady who had be friended her when Darby met with the accident. She uttered a cry of 6utprise and delight, that maie the delirious child start. Just as formeily the visitor sit down, and inquired into all their ailments and bur ?lens ; again sue quoted ' We must truBt Him, where we cannot traue Him ; ' then she emptied a purse on the table, fur Betsy's own use, and inquired after Xorali Coe. The woman, still ignorant who her visitor was, marvelled that she knew their family connection ; but gave a detail of some length and succinctness ; then fallowed an arrangement that Betsy should draw a weekly sum from a gentleman in town, which sum her visitor would place to her credit as long as Norah lived. Then the lady retired. Her enemy had hungered, and been fed ; and one stain had been lightened, if not removed, from that foul blot she felt to be resting on her father's character. Once again evening shades were hanging over the hut-'i-the bush, and the wind was whistling beneath the ill-fitting doors and windows, and putting the smoke into the rooms. Mrs. lairwater was not, as usual of an evening, nodding asleep by the fire, she was busy ripping up the cushions of a very dilapidated chair whereon the defunct broker usually s«— scattering the knotted hone-hair over the floor, eagerly tearing asunder every mass which age and long use had tangled to gether. The uninitiated would have supposed her pos sessed by the spirit of destruction, so vehemently did she wrench asunder the old chair. At length the work was done— the room scattered byrfei.u— the artiole of furniture reduced to chaos ; then the de. Btroyer flung herself into a chair, wrung her hinds, and her plump frame heaved with sullen sabs, and only a little confabulation with the gin bottle restored her equanimity, and she drew her chair before the half-expiring embers on the hearth, cast on them the wreck of the chair, and sat down to enjoy their warmth. Even the eayings and doings of the great Dr. Sam. Johnson were not more eagerly recalled after his demise, than were those of the defunct usury. Bis old stockings were searched for, as likely to be selected for purses ; hU favourite walks explored ; all his particular possessions shared the late of his chair; hud he any , peculiarities.* they were recalled and made the most of. Mary and her mistress had dug over the garden, and loosened up the flooring boards; the former hud developed a great faculty for dreaming ; almoBt nightly she had a vision, which afforded an oracular clue to direct the morrow's labours ; a warm familiarity had sprung up belwecn-the two -women.- The widow suffered iroau weak nerves, and frequently required Mary to sit -with her, wliile old lien, dozed and smoked in the kitchen ; and the odour of gin and porter grew stronger ; and the females told tales of fairies and ghosts, and shocking murders— all hinging on gold, and hidden treasures. The old chair creaked, and cracked as fuel, even more than it had done as a piece of furniture, and un housed black beetles crept out of the worm holes, and scurried In trepidation up and down the naming wteck. Mrs. Foirwater grew nervous, and fancied the de funct usurer Bnorted bb he used to do when both Bides of his account-book would not tally, and rang for Mary. ' Bring your sewing, girl ; I'm very lonesome,' she said, as the handmaid appeared ; and Mary de parted for her work ; but quickly reopened the door, and nodding with a volume of meaning, whispered 'I'vefeundit.' The widow started, and uttered an exclamation of ' where, where !' prolonged into a scream. ' Why didn't we never think of the old Wellington, jte master put under the eaves in Miss Clemency's garret r 'cause he said she was the only one as would n't meddle with what she was bid not ; and he wanted it for a pattern.' And away rushed Mary, candle io. hand up the garret stairs, followed by hot panting mistress. The glaring candle hardly threw any light round the room — dusty and cheerless indeed now ; and a short search was requisite betore the discarded boot could be found ; it was so firmly wedeed between the wall-plate and rafters, that their united strength wai requisite to dislodge it ; then a brisk struggle enaued tor priority of investigation, which terminated in Mary's favour ; and triumphantly she drew from the mouldy leg a stocking, weighty with gold pieces. Transformed as by magic was the erst while servile, patient, drudge ; loudly she clamoured for rights ; insultingly she turned on her mistress ; her brief vocabulary expanding without improving. Mrs. Fair water blustered and wept; but the down-trodden spirit had grown contemptuous with familiarity ; and nought but equal rights would do ; nor did she hesi tate to threaten the divulging of the secret to Clemency, when the widow objected to the part nership, ' Fernhurst. L. A. Mining News ? On Monday evening last, Mr. Edward frnitb and Mr, Antonio Woolior arrived in Braid wood from the Gulf diggings, bringing two large parcels of gold. It is more ouggctry than any (hat has yet been obtained, :md wbb purchased Ly the banks for £3 19s. per ounce. The two parcels weighed about 250 ounces. Wo understand 4 hat the parties who wero at work at tho newly discovered1 quartz red at Bdl'B Creek, have abandoned thoir work, in eoMeaucECfcofnot having the moans to carry it on, so a deal of Wanting U required. Another reef has been dis covered at no grout distance from the first one, and gives promise of bornp oxtyoraely rich. The want of water »t Bell s Paddock is beginning to bo so severely felt that great numbers of Iho Chinese ore takW their departure there from, considering that tho field fe well niirh worked out During ihe Inct inon-h there has boen nu extraordinary fulling off in the number of licmues issued. Last wook a r/uanfifj- of celcelial now chums urrived there, but they loft ngain on Monday, stating that they arc going over to the Melbourne side. — BroidwooA JiixpaWi, Fish Supplies. — Tho town was on Tkursiny favoured with a supply of splendid Murray Hivor codlihh, (.imple mented bv ft supply of vbaf in called porch, but of such n size flint jf liny follower of 1 7.nalc Wnllnnvrnc to hunk unc of (hem in the old count rv, he would think ho fail u i|i( uf n Dec snhnon.— A/bury ilmnitr. 