NEWS AND NOTES. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held yesterday evening. We are compelled to hold over our report until to-morrow. A meeting of the members of the congre- gation of Christ Chnrch will be held this evening, for the purpose of electing a trustee in the place of Mr Dixie, deceased. The conference of Municipal delegates will take place in Melbourne on Thursday next. On Saturday the members of the Western Council proceeded on a tour of inspection through the municipality, for the purpose of deciding on the streets to be formed, &c.;, during the current year. From a return compiled for the informa- tion of the Registrar General, we learn that there are in Ballarat West, 9 banks, 42 hotels, 54 offices, (public and private), 313 shops and stores, 1719 private dwellings, and 472 vacant allotments of land. The blue gums, in Sturt street, that were planted about 18 months ago, are now, in some instances, four or five feet above the paling, and some of them cannot be less than 12 feet in height. Yesterday a party of Chinese players made application to Mr Clissold, through the interpreter, for a license for a Chinese theatre on Golden Point. The magistrate remarked that he had seen by the papers that the public had complained of the eter- nal din occasioned by the beating of Chinese gongs, &c.;, during the time the last company of celestial players was there, and he would not grant the license unless the noises were discontinued at ten o'clock at night, and for this purpose he postponed the application until the applicants would appear in person, in order that they might give security to "close up" at the time mentioned. Mr Salmon, on Saturday last, sold by auction the undermentioned shares in the mining companies named :-Half sleeping share, Golden Gate Company, with half share in machinery, £142. Do, do, £152 ; quarter sleeping share, with quarter share in machinery, £73 ; half sleeping share, with half share in machinery, £155 ; three quar- ter sleeping share, with one and a half share in machinery, £225. Half sleeping share in the Great Extended Company, with full share in machinery, £695 ; half do do, do, £695. One full share in Sons of Freedom Company, £10 10s. In the case Mulder v Hardy, heard in the County Court yesterday. His Honor Judge Rogers ruled that locking up value- ables in a desk, in a locked warehouse, where no guard slept, was not keeping proper cus- tody of said valuables. The demolition of kangaroo in some parts of the country districts may be gathered from the admission of a witness in the County Court yesterday, to the effect that he and his mates had eaten 96 of those abo- riginal marsupials during last year. This took place at Mount Misery, but lovers of kangaroo will no doubt be inclined to think the place not so very miserable under cir- cumstances narrated by the witness in question. The Rev Mr Henderson, of Soldiers' Hill, has a small fancy bitch which never had any progeny of its own, and has adopted the unusual expedient of kidnapping two kittens from their mother, which it has not only adopted but is now rearing, and strange to say giving them suck. As may be ex- pected, puss did not give up possession of her charge without a fierce straggle, but in the conflict she was worsted, and her kit- tens conveyed away to a place prepared for their reception by her canine opponent, who allows her no opportunity whatever of visiting them, as their new guardian keeps watch and ward at the month of the bole where they are domiciled. At the Eastern Police Court yesterday, a female was charged with stealing £12 from a man on Specimen Hill, but as the prosecu- tor did not appear until the Court was nearly over, and then in a state of intoxica- tion, the accused was remanded until this day. A few nights ago some thieves entered the fowl house of Mr Etter, at the Weather- board Hill, and stole eight fowls of the Dorking breed. Two paltry cases of petty larceny were yesterday brought before the magistrates at the Eastern Court-one being for stealing, as alleged, a small portion of gold dust; and the other for stealing, as cited in the charge sheet, some two pieces of German sausages, value 1s 6d. In each case the accused were discharged. Mountain Creek can already boast of haring something in the shape of a news- paper. We have received the first number of the Pioneer and Mountain Creek Advertiser an advertising sheet, delivered gratis. The sheet contains some few items of local news. The first number of the new series of the Australian Builder has reached us. It is very neatly printed, and contains a great deal of information useful to persons engaged in the building trade, besides various items of general news. We have received the prospectus of a company, entitled The Patent Steam Quartz Crushing Company, which proposes to carry on quartz crushing operations by the use of Wallis' patent stamps. The promoters, it is stated, have made arrangements for the purchase of a large claim on the Norwegian Reef, Terrible Gally. We have received the seventh number of the Victorian Review, and in it the civil ser- vants of the Crown have an able and tren- chant advocate. Matters connected with the volunteers of this and the adjoining colonies are amply detailed in its columns, and "Hints on their organisation," by Hans Rusk, is deserving of especial attention. The fine arts, natural history, and the drama and other matters, are all noticed, and the journal still maintains its literary reputation, and is well entitled to public support. Nothing definite appears to be known respecting the personnel of the next Mini- stry. The Argus states that, up to a late hour on Sunday night very little could be learnt of the Ministerial movements. The prevailing rumor during Saturday and Sun- day was, that Mr Heales would return to office, in default of any other possible com- bination. So far as our information goes, no one has been "sent for" by his Excellency, in the strict sense of the word; but Mr Michie, it is understood, is entrusted with a sort of open commission to put an end to the crisis, either by persuading the late Ministers to return to office, or by the construction of a new Cabinet out of entirely new materials. The Herald has been unable to glean any authentic information as to the steps taken by Sir Henry Barkly to solve the present Ministerial crisis. All sorts of reports, says our contemporary, were current on Satur- day, and Mr Haines was prominently men- tioned as the gentleman entrusted by His Excellency to form a Cabinet. So far as we have been able to discover, none of the rumors have any foundation in fact The Age says:-Nothing definite has as yet been accomplished in the way of the forma- tion of a new Ministry. We are given to understand that the unfavorable state of the weather has exercised some little influence in preventing, or at least retarding any satisfactory arrangement. We however be- lieve that both Messrs Ebden and Michie had interviews with his Excellency, on Friday last, and whilst neither refused, neither definitely agreed to undertake the formation of a Ministry. So stands the matter at present. We understand that it is contemplated to hold a meeting of the recognised leaders of the House on Monday, with a view as far as possible to the fusion of parties and the formation of a "strong Government," so that the business of the country may bc proceeded with. That the expenditure of the country shall be kept within the estimated revenue of three mil- lions, will, we believe, form the basis of any financial policy that may be agreed upon, but we are not so sure that the views enun- ciated in the amendment proposed by Mr Daffy will be paid equal deference to. The Argus says- The flood subsided gra- dually during Saturday and Sunday, and no further damage of consequence ensued. On Saturday afternoon the secretary of the Melbourne Gas Company found it necessary to issue a circular, notifying that, in conse- quence of the flood, the manufacture of gas had been so impeded that it was probable the supply for the night would be very deficient, even if it were possible to supply gas at all. Upon the receipt of this intelli- gence the demand for kerozene lamps re- ceived an extraordinary impetus, and pre- parations, which the event showed were necessary, were made for lighting the theatres and shops with that material. About 9 o'clock the gas, which had been burning very dimly for some time, was suddenly extinguished in all the lower parts of the city, though a small quantity still remained in the higher quarters, such as the Eastern Hill. The performances in the Theatre Royal and Princess's Theatre went on as usual, the management of both houses having made a virtue of necessity and an- nounced a "brilliant illumination" with kerozene. As the rain still continued to fall, though in less quantity, the aspect of the streets was singularly gloomy and com- fortless. Not a lamp was burning, but the publicans supplied the place of the gas with candles and lamps, whose dull and lurid glare scarcely served to do more than make "darkness visible." Here and there a stray jet of gas was to be seen in a shop window, but outside all was dark. All Sunday night the gas was again lighted at the usual hour, and the streets assumed their wonted appearance. The Chm ch of England Assembly, says the Argus, sat for several hours again on Saturday, the greater portion of the time being occupied in considering thc clauses of the proposed bill for the regulation of Geelong Grammar School. The bill was passed through committee, but Mr Sladen gave notice of his intention to move its re-committal on Monday. We learn from the Argus that the colors provided by the Richmond ladies for the Richmond Volunteer Rifle Corps were for- mally presented on Saturday, in the Rich- mond Cricket-ground. The duties of the presentation were undertaken by Mrs P. Johnson, and an appropriate acknowledg- ment was made by Captain Septimus Martin, on behalf of his company. The ceremony, despite the weather, went off with éclat. The following telegraphic despatch is from the Argus:- SYDNEY, Saturday.-It is not true that any of the mounted rifles are to be sent to Lambing Flat. The Yass Courier states that the diggers there, although expelling the Chinese, are doing so as quietly as pos- sible. A bill to make Crown lands of all church and school lands was read last night. Division 39 to 12 (?) The sailing race for McDonald's cup was won by Annie Ogle, Mischief being second. The Production of "La Sonnambula" last night at the Royal drew a good house. The chorus was but the ghost of what it should be, but with Signor and Signora Bianchi in the opera, the house seemed pretty well content to forget all deficiencies of detail. It were superfluous to say that as Amina and Elvino the Signora and Signor Bianchi were as attractive as ever, and as their perfection in their art deserves. The Signora was never in better voice, and the delicious music as it trilled in dulcet tones from her lips seemed to entrance all ears. The dramatic excellence too discovered in the chamber and mill scenes was scarcely leas noteworthy than the superb vocalisation of those passages in the opera. In the closing passage, "Ah, do not mingle," the house demanded an encore, and the curtain rose again in response. Signor Bianchi was also in good voice, and the repeated applause that greeted his efforts bespoke, as at other times, the appreciation of the audience while listening to the splendid execution of the role taken by thc accomplished artist. Miss Harland as Lisa was naive and vivacious, and her deliverance of the music of the part was as successful as ever. Mr Gregg, as Count Rudolph, played very well, and the accuracy of his fine voice only makes us the more regret that unhappy articulation which does so much to mar an organ of no small compass and power. The "Corsican Brothers" concluded the per- formances, and was gone through with all that finish which betokens the thorough mastery of the details possessed by Mr Holt and his leading supporters. This evening the bill of fare includes "William Tell" and the "Corsican Brothers." 