: £qdEca 8i!HtB6HTto.--Aito«£ihe5zmnfy'foro ! tofiHrnmnrid [?] diopter relating totiie hrndsf ewine into rieh the evil spirits were cart.' Acooumy, when the first yerse was read in which the nndenn beast was men- tionsd, a anght' commotion "Waa observable among the audience, each of them patting his or hep hand oh any near piece of ipon--a nail On the seal or book- board, or totlw nails onthrirahoes. At $he repeti tion of the word agam smd again, more commotion was visible, and tbe words 'fpanld aim" (oold iron), the antidote to this baneful spell, were hevud issniug from various comers ofthe church. And finally, on his coming over the hated word again, when "tha whole herd ran yiblentiy down the bank into the are, tha alanned parishioners, irritated beyond bodnds. rose and all left the church in bodies.— .Dean Bammfa Reminiscences. "' ' The Ihpoundino Act.— A meeting was held at Back Creek, on Saturday last, for the purpose of considering the abuses which have arisen under the present Impounding Act: Die following reEolntionB were agreed to : — 1. That - in the opinion of thin meeting; pounds were .intended for |he public weal, and far the purpose of enabling owners of horses and cattie to recover them whenrlost and impounded, vfitbout payment of an exhbriritept amount of fees. 2\. That the intention of the legislature in establish- rag pounds has been frustrated by the system of im pounding now carried -on, and fhat, instead of a benefit, pounds have become a terror and a curse- to the people," frequently ran Ring rniri to a man of "mil means, and mluHiit an unjustmable expense upon tiie more affluent. 3. Tbat a collusive bargain and . undeisfending frequently masts between the person impoimding'and tbe poundkeeper ; and that illegal znc&ns; are resorted to for their aggrandisement or from malirions motives, to the serious "injnry of borare and -cattie. A That men are employed who drive" in any cattie indiscriminately to the . pound nnder a priided general authority, often taking them fromths owner's "doors, before their gyes, and yard Tharevoifrw their usnsl place, of densstnring to a distant part; and' are then im-. jxSpdrt--voUioriW to jmponnd is given long after cattle - are impounded by a convenient friend. - That tiie adTBijasemehfe in tire Gazette are nnnecee- sarily delayed. ' The brands of tiie cattle impounded are improperly described. -. Many . cattie are pnr- chased indirectly 'for tire poundlreaier, and other Iri- iqnities|are practised;, and if at length the owner disoovere his cattie in pound, hemnsteffiiar pay an enormous accumulation of fees to release them, or lose them altogether, becanee heia poorandesnnot pay. 6." That the present system of impounding "operates mostyreiadicislly to the interests of the oomnnmity at large, arid is beneficial only to the ponndkeeper and a few ipdlVidaals, who, as a re' are for permit ting their names to be used as the persons impound ing; participate inthe fees extracted fropu the owners of cattle. 6. That, in tiie opinion of this meeting, popnds should be token altogether into the hands of Government ; the fees should be very considerably diminiahed ; 'the -brands of cattle impounded should be advertised forthwith after impounding;, the cattle should be kept for a longer period than at present before they are sold ; their brands and de scription should be published at every police station within a reasonable distance ; and other pleasures might be adopted to afford owners a better opportu nity to recover their lost property ; and a heavy' penalty or punishment shonld be inflicted upon every one concerned in illegally impounding. — Age. Let Hm be Akatbeka!— We take . from the Murray Gazette the'feUowjng paragraph, headed, The man who won't pay /the printer," but which appears to have a touch of brother Jonathan shoot it : — ".-May he be shod with lightning, and -com pelled to wander over gunpowder. — May he have sore eyes, and a chesnnt-bnrrfor an eye-stone. — May every day of his life be more despotic than the Dey of Algiers.— Mbj he nevrr be permitted to loss a pretty woman. — -May he be bored to death by boarding-school misses practising their first lessons in mnsuy without the privilege of seeing his tor mentors.— May his boots leak, his gun hang fire, and bis fishing-lines break. — May his coflbe be sweetened with flies, and his teacup seasoned with spiders. — May his cattle die of murrain, and the pigs destroy his garden. — May a troop of printers' devils, lean, lank, and hungry, dog nrs heels each day, and a regiment of cats caterwaul under ids window each night.- — May the famine- stricken ghost of an editor's lisby haunt his slumbers, and hiss " Murderer I" In his dreaming ear. — May hiB cows give sour' milk, and his churn rancid butter. — In short, may his business go to rain, and he go to — the House of Assembly." ThsObsbus. — -Die results of the census, we are bound, at the outset of our political summary, to inform our Indian -and colonial readers, are unsatis factory. The English race appears to be losing its power of growth. The rate of increase has fallen during the last five decades from sixteen to twelve per cent. Even when the laige exodns of emigrants is considered, this result is very slightly modified. Are we to conclude that the great Anglo-N orman people have reached their highest point, and must now accept the destiny of all human races, and de scend the inevitable hill? fa there no permanent race save those winch were cradled in Arabia ? Is the essence of life tiie breath of that inhospitable desert ? It is certain that the noblest races dis appear, leaving sometimes riot even their language behind them. The Athenians are gone ; there is no trace of the merchants and mariners <ff Carthage ; the Romans, lords of the world, have perished from the world. Is tins also to he the fate of (he English ? Two causes seem at present to concur in prodncing the decline of the increase-rate. One is that the people are leaving their native villages and crowding Jnto great cities. Five -counties in England have decreased in population during fee decade; several others have grown scarcely at all ; hut Middlesex, South Lancashire, and the West Riding of York- Shire have increased prodigiously. White the rate of increase throughout England has been about twelve per cent., It has "varied in tiie larger tewns from eighteen to thirty per cent. . This tendency of the people to crowd, into cities must shorten their live and weaken their prosperity. A second Canse which operates among higher classes is connected with the luxury and expense of modern life. Young men are afraid to many until they have obtained a good income, and in a great number -of cases the sufficient -income nsversrrives,or not until itsowner has become -an nrimaoseahJo-Wd fogy. Without referring to other objecbonebte 'results of tins, wo may say that it must obviously tend to retard the growth of tire population -OrtentalRiufyrt.' \- husBnaxinoi of Dbxxws. —To dream of a small stone round your neck is a sign of wh&t; you may expect if you get an extrayagant wife. — To see apples in a dream betokens a . wedding, .because where you find apptes'ybu may expect to find pears. —To dream of fire, isiamilhst — if yon arc wise - you wfll seelhat tbe ligbits in your -boose are put ont before you go to. bed.— To dream "that your nose is ted at tiie . tip, is an intimation that yon had better leave off hot srippers and brandy and water. — When a fashionable lady dreams of a filbert, it is a sign that her thoughts are running npon the coloucL — If yon dream of clothes, it is a warning not to go to law, foi; by the rales of contraries, you will be sure of rion-Buit,— To dreain thst yon are eating is certain to come true at breakfast.— To dream of a barber deootes fosses— hairs may he expected to be ipjrtpff— Todreamnf hkvinga great number of ser- jrSnrafa witMniiss — Hm yery lucky to dream -you pay fora'tiung jririto |md>tidykc4fezritoiaye ffiytror lrilia receipted, ' . f"Tsnta®Hylridx3-dintmgto atreeathmne itttia 4riantojfiriBB""tiie itiouBe;4ie remarked it eras a rock pigar nmpiE ; ,f lt ia apcetty "tree," said he, aiyiKprofUble one, too/to raise. It will bear tap. tefnw tamy yem, though Jt gete exhausted at JsK v'ThiB province is like tjfai ari tree ; it Is tapped Jjjlltbeirins "t" dientthetop.And if-tiieydon'tdnve IwamdUrtAd atqp.theeyjq flow of the sui. it : h" -money thkt'smadei here, \hrid fell tire interest .that's paid in it, and a hfebfyconredriable jiimaMitit rent too, — all goes Blnoadfia: investment, and. She.; rert -Is nent to ps to hpy. bre Tb Aramed like. a bog. it has. open js covCTpd toenchto attthrohi it, .and Urea there's 1 fdhbratetfigfoot'oftiismilandto cllt riff thaapring"" Notf-BmsyriDBke Aveaa hw.too dry ; .you may: Ldm -uie nHHsture oiit to that mgrae, (hat the yery jsfe'fbrioiuieB dmst and Uows away. ; Ihe .Snklnh Aj«»|ttas4standpanslst'areaR vldjrfgdWdaoriBowned in New Mbroswrop_a'1e«y:to4tiiefotore firim 