ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. KEBFOXB1BI.E GOVERNMENT. To the Editor of the Advtrtiur. Sta,—Surely no advocate of Responsible Government could fancy tbe present state of political matters in this Colony. We ore living under tbe autocracy of Messrs Innes, Weston, Henry, and Archer,—a clique of four individuals having oo status In public opinion, and no responsible legal member in the Cabinet. Mr Weston ought to be taken out of the category, for although he is nominally Premier,—yet he resides on his farm a hundred and twenty miles off; and even Mr William Archer ia a stipendiary offioer attached to theBoyil Society, the most useless of all useless institutions, with which this Colony is enrsed with, Bnd to which the public contribute, or otherwise it would fall instantly into obscurity. The on iit is that Mr Archer merely draws the salary, and bands it over to the Benevolent Society, as be has ample means. Is tbis so 7 There is no law officer in the Executive, or likely to be, and how long this state of things is to continue—God only knows, for no person can say. Tbe Attorney-General, Mr Knight, has resigned under most extraordinary and ourisas circumstances, which Mr Innes has not thought prudent to communicate to his fraudulent acoount friend, so we are iu absolute darkness. In the meantime the Government is beiog carried on in tbe Queen's name, and there is bo lawyer really r< sponsible to the people for the opinions he may propound, and the interpretation he may give on cases which are, and must be constantly arising. For instance, take the case of tbe pleuro-pnenmonia. The iin-responsible lawyers advise, that Instead of calling Parliament togetbtr, that tbe City Council can faune and pass a bye law to inset the publio requirements, and lot Mr Benty thinks the Municipal Council will be be dolts enough to do their bidding. We shall see. The 138th section of the Hobart Town Corporation Act, gives the Munioipnl Council power to frame and pass bye laws, but.Jhey cannot go beyond the 1 >w, and it is litterally "swallowing a camel,' 1 if they pass a bye law against the importation of infested oattle into Colony. They are powerless to do so;—and 1 venture to assert that this can only be legally done by tbe interference of the Parliament, which must be called together to pass a law against the importation of cattle infected with pleuro- pneumonla. Suoh an Act must be stringent in its provisions, and an Inepeotor must, be appointed whose duties will take place outside tbe boundaries of the oily. I hope, therefore, tbat the City Council will not stultify tin mselves in this important matter, but will pass a resolution something to the following effect:— ReiolveJ, that tbe Council having had under its consideration tbe letter of the Colonial Secretary as to tbe urgency of passing a bye law against tbe importation of cattle into this colony affected with the decease of pleuro-pneumonia, are of opinion that while it is competent for the Council to pass a law aga'nst the sale of improper meat within the city, tbat they are powerless to enact a law to prevent tbe importation of infected cattle into the Co'.ony, which general measure ought to emanate from the Parliament alone " Permit me to call your attention to the notice of tbe Colonial Treasurer, dated the 1st of February last, whereby twenty-nine licensed victuallers were informed that their certificates ore wholly void. Such " a Horse Guards order" is illegal and void. Tbe " Licensing Act" giveB the Treasurer no such power, which he has assumed, even with the advice of law officers irresponsible. If this order, on the ipie dixit of the Treasurer was lawful, how comes it that in the succeeding Gaiette the name of William Wright, B-rriilnle Inn, was inserted in error in tbe previous Gazette? What recompeiise can tbe Executive make Mr Wright for p Bting him up as a defaulter; perhaps bis credit aud reputation may be affected by an arbitrary aod unjust act, and in such a case a jury will have to assess his damages, which may amount to a eum that will make a hole in Mr Innes'? stipend of £900 per annum. Yours obediently, 13th February, 1861. A Colonist. P.S.—The Mercury, by way of sop to the public, informs us tbat Mr Dobsou id trying to find a slavish district tbat will return him, Hons venous. Our Correspondent who writes, by the way, rather savagely, does not know perhaps that the Executive has thought better of its decisiuo and has received the License Fee from those who tendered it since tbe publication of the notice stating that such Licences would not be granted. When the money was offered the Colonial Treasurer could not resist it. With regard to calling the Parliament together to pass a bill with reference to pleuro pneumonia A Colonist need not expect it Ministers will hold on as long as they can, and we have been assured on good authority that the Parliament will not be summoned until after the general election—probably in September or October next. Thomab CAMFELa,—Though fully concions of talents he posessed, which had so justly advanced him toeuch a prominent and popular rank in literature, Campell bad not an atom of vain boasifulness about him. He would talk to you of his poems if questioned, but seldom himself introduced the subject, lie often laughingly Baid he coul l. never understand how the "Pleasures of Bope," written when he was very young, had ob'ained so extensive a fame. Himself ranked much higher—and my own judgment is certainly quiet coincident with his— his minor poems of these, the "Exile ofErin" was an especial f'lvori'e. Much fonder than of discussing bis own or other persons' poetry was he of expatiating on the cbarmB and attractions of his own beautiful and attractive country. Be had a vein of superstition interwoven in his nature. Though I do not pretend to affirm be virtually believed in the existence of "wraiths" "brownies" and all the other denizens of the Bupernatural kingdom, still, he had some wondejful, and* ot course wellat'ested legends to narra'e, in which the airy visitants played a remarkable aud conspicuous parr, and he told the tales with such undoubting gravity— clothing them in language eo opposite to, and in entire harmony with the subjeot, tbat my youthful tars drank them in eagerly and reverently, and nothing was there to me a source of greater pleasure than an affirmative being given to my request of "Pray Mr. Campbell <ell us a ghost story."— Traits of Cuaracter, Snaxe Encounter. — On Tuesday last whilst Mr II, Mitchell, of Clunes, was loading his dray with hay, at the farm of Mr M'Leod, his two valuable dogs, of tbe terrier breed, were noticed to be barking loudly, but thinking that they ygpe only hunting a wild cat, no notice was takeGbf them at. the time. Subsequently, Mr Mitchell and another went to learn the oaure, when they saw, with head erect, a snake. A well aimed blow by a stone killed the reptile instanter. It appeared to have been bitten by tbe dogs in seteral places; but the two dogs paid the penalty of death for their courage. One of them died within 20 minutes, the other in two hours. The snake was brought into Clunes, and was found to be 4}ft. l»ng, and 8in. round at the thickest part. It was marked with very beou* tiful large circular spots; it was something different to what has usually been seen here, and we hardly know what venomous spfctU*- tife m pre fe-BeUan* Star. ? ? 