CONGREGATIONAL HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY. Tilt annual public mooting of tho Congregational Home Missionary Society way held on Monday evening in the Pitt* fitroct Church. On the motion of the llev. W/CuntHBUT** kon, B.A., eccondod by the llev. A. Buzacott, tho chair was taken, shortly niter wven o'clock, by Mr. J. Fairfax; The attendance wus not so Urge as it bus boon on some former occasions. The meeting wa6 opened by binging and prayer ; alter which The Chajkmak briefly stated the origin and objects of the eocioty, pointing out what had beon achieved during tuw wouu Vi jib VAiawuw;, turn urgms iw uiuuiucns u- increased exertion. The fiocicty aimed simply to teach and preach the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. The Rev. W. CLTinniUTMOK read the following re port : — The eomroittec of the Congregational Ilome Missionary Society Credent their eleventh annual report with unusuul gladness. %Ye j avo to note the favourable changes during the la»t two years, ; ?which have relieved us from a wcightof care and discouragement We have hecn the npheres of labour unwillingly quitted by valued brethren supplied with efficient ministrations. Taught by losses which seemed most disastrous to several rising congregations, the danger of reliance on mere instrumentality, we arc also instructed by Ilis gracious interposition, to depend with a confidence more absolute on Ihc.Great shepherd of the sheep,— on Jesus Christ, the Banic yesterday and for ever. We are precluded by the terms of our constitution from con tinuing anjr active participation in the affairs ol Queensland ; but we learn with much pleasure that conpi cgations established under the auspicce of this society, before the separation of territory, are increasing in internal strength and general influence. Both Brisbane and Ipswich arc now self-supporting. The Rev. Mr. Ravape has entered on bis labours at liockhauipton, a town which, from its first colonisation, has excited the interest of the committee. A temporary cbapcl has been erected, and libcial eff orts made for the support of the xuiuistcr, who, entering on his work in un earnest and reliant spirit, will deserve and obtain tbe sympathy and support of his brethren. The officers of this society will be happy to transmit the contributions of any who feci inte rested in ltockhampton, and who arc willing to give niuch needed assistance to the first efforts of our enterprising brother. We heartily commend the claims of Queensland to the London Colonial Missionary Society. Those who maintain that it is the duty of the tilatc to leave the Church to its own resources aic bound to give earnest attention to a country whose policy is in ballon)- with their convictions. While we may pass carcicasl? over the taunts ot those who attack the Christian system itself, whan they condemn a principle because it docs not reach, an ideal aacendancy and diffueion, wc cannot expect the voluntary system, as opposed to legal compulsion, to prevail, unless by its manifest beneficence and vigour. A new colony, wliosc popu lation have to struggle with great, material, ana social difficul ties, demands and will amply repay the missionary efforts of the E a rent churches. Without such aid the isolated brethren will lose alf their ministerial strength while toiling for their daily bread. Ko expenditure would be more productive, and probably more speedily rendered unnecessary by its own success. Our brethren labouring in that important colony have many difficulties to surmount ; but they are animated with the consciousness that they arc assisting to lay the foundations of civil and religious freedom, and to fix the form and fabric of religious development for ages to come. The Government of Queensland has wisely resolved to intrust the cause of religion to those who recognise its sacrsd claims, and ha* thus, at the outset of its career, removed one great stuuxbliugblock to the peace, unity, and efficiency of the Christian Church. Our hope is that in all its branches it may prixc aud preserve the boon of spiritual freedom. Turning to operations within the limits of New South Wales, wc report with pleasure that the Btation ef the llev. Mr. Charter, Wollongong, is in a very satisfactory condition lie continues Ills evangelical labours in the surrounding hamlets. The con gregation, the communicunts, and the school attendance, are ull increased. A commodious schoolroom has been erected and paid for. The Kev. Mr. Gainsford continues to labour at Newcastle, with bers, both of congregation and scholars. On land adjacent to the church, granted by the A. A. Company, at the friendly instance of Arthur Hodgson, Esq., u mihisUT'b houbc is in course of erec tion. The committee thankfully recognise the libei-ality of ibe donors of the site, and arc gratified to see tbe congregation ha vc taken such prompt measures to render it available. Wc can refer in terms of equal satisfaction to the positiou and pro6pcctb ot the Church at Maitland. In every department of its affairs there are signs ol advancement. Both at Maitland and Newcastle local causes have occasioned pecuniary depression of considerable severity. The repeated floods and the strike of the miners have each contributed to impoverish those district*. Wc arc glad, however, to remark the earnest efforts of the churches to attain complete pecuniary independence, and to be thus able to take their part in Uic general work ot the society. During the past year important changes have transpired in the fcuburbun churches. The Ucv. Thomas Johnson, late of Mary borough, Victoria, has received the pastoral charge of Uourke-strcct church, and commenced his labours with great encouragement. A large increase of attendance, and improvement in the various dependant intercbts, manifest the acccptancc of his ministry. We have given him the most cordial wclcoiue, due alike to his honourable reputation as a minister of Christ, and to the import ant task entrusted to bi6 care. During the year the llev. J. A. Vciteh has been callcd to exercise his ministry at tVoolahrah. A church being formed, he has accepted the pastomtc, with much promise of future usefulness. Tbe committee have paid £120, which the sister society of Vic toria advanced towards bis passage from Great Britain, the sole cost to your society of this station. The committee have, however, to 6tate with much regret tbat the church of Balmain Is still without pastoral oversight 1'lic congregation have commanded our deepest solicitude and sym pathy, in their many trials and disappointments. New and vigo rous efforts to obtain a settled pastor will, we doubt not, be in due time ♦successful, assured as we are how welcome to their hearts and homes will be the earnest and faithful preacher of the gop]-el, who will determine to ' know nothing among them save Jcbus Christ und Him crucified.*' The Kev. Mr. Watt, formerly of Bel fart College, strongly recommended to our confidcncc by ministers of ihe Presbv tcrian church residing in these colonics, commenced some months ago bis missionary labours at tbe Manning River. At the request ol the people of that district, and on his own application, he was bet apart to the sacred ministry by imposition of hands, in Pitt Btrect church, tbe llev. Messrs. tilatyer, Kent, Cuthbertson, Vctcli, Johnson, and o there, taking part in the Hcrviccs. The llev. Mr. Wilson received a similar recognition at Gcrringong, Messrs. Cuthbertson and Charter presiding. Mr. Wilson and his congre gation, after much deliberation, have declared themselves in unity with the Congregational body. We gladly accept the preferred hand, and at the same time record our sense of the infinite moment of those pointB of concord which bind in one body the whole evangelical Church, and thi slight value compared with thepe ol the lines of separation. From several important districts of the colony wc have received preying intrcatics for help. The scarcity of men and money have imposed on U6 the painful duty of laying aside these applications. If the contributions of the churches enable us to do so, we shall endeavour to obtain a rcinforccmckt of our ministerial strength. Tbe request for aid bus sometimes come under circumstances v hich show that other churchcs are not less embarrassed than our selves. With the tendency to scatter incidental under our peculiar form of colonisation, the chuichcu can hardly hope to follow the population with the regular means of grace ; and their collective efforts will 6 till leave much undone, Tbr preaching stations occupied by cur lay agents in 6ydncy and its suburbs afford much encouragement. Six such stations arc supplied by the gratuitous services of twelve brethren, who have formed an association, and act in conccrt with ihc pastors of their ecveral cburebCN. We need not dwell on the importance of these \- labours. They prepare the way for the more regular ministration of the Gospel, and enable the churches to occupy ground which but for such aid must long lay waste. Wc cxpoct tbat in our next we may be able to report a much larger number both of places and preachiw, and that tbe dormant power now slumbering in our pews will be roused to steady and concerted efforts for the esta blishment of divine worship in neighbourhoods yet inade quately supplied with the ordinances of religion. The unsatisfactory nature of tho provision to supply a succes sion of ministers has been painfully evident to the committee during the last few yean. Sickness and other domestic causes led to a number of ministerial changes, which left in our churches s feeling of disappointment and depression. Our effort* to supply the vacant pulpits froin home were unsuccessful. The answer to applications to England alleged a deficiency of men to meet the requirements of the 'home service much more than in the colonics. The large increase of demands for well qualified ministers in Great Britain, consequent on the great expansion of the denomination, and the crection of new churches, narrowed the range sf selection. Wc lost at once tbe services of able men, such as Messrs, Arnold, Boasley, and White, and there was no prospect of obtaining from borne such as could rcplace them* Wc refer to those facts not only to express our satisfaction that this lack of scrvico has been supplied in unexpected ways ; not only to suggest a lesson ofcon fidence in times of difficulty and doubt: but to remind you of tho absolute importance of raising a ministry for colonial work within the colonies themselves. Sensible us wc ore of the advantage of constant importations from the groat centres of Christian nwouree, culture, sad enterprise, we yet feel that we should Rather up our toc&l; strength and use whatever agencies arc under our hands. In view of this duty the conumuoo Iutc granted from time to tlno tho nocessary aid towards tbe support and education of several young men who express their wish to «oter the field. We trust that the fiotlely will plioe at the disposal of its officers the pecuniary power lo assist candidates In our congregations who, having the nroessary physical and intellectual capacity, may desire to devote themselves to the sacred ministry, While urging this step wc are moet anxious to press on the attention of our friends the im portance of a frequent addition to the colonial pantorato, or men of ripe jvdprnvnl and ( Jiaracter, from Great Britain, and fresh from ilk I'levuH d ushociauonfl. The vihit ol the itrv. It, Fletcher, orVictoria, to Kngland, who will be authorized to express the views and wishes of the con gregational body at Ute various ecclesiastical assemblies and institutions or tbe parent land, will greatly subserve this pur pose, and will inspire a new intcrrst in the Australian colonies. iILh wise, pioufc, and successful efforts to promote tbe cause of Christianity among us entitle him to our cordial commeadation, unnocissary, indeed, ^considering his long-enta Wished reputation at home, lie will be welcomed by the Congregational body a* tbe Messenger ot the Australian ChurcluM, and his representation of our condition cannot fall to enlist the bvnipnthy and excite the real of our British brethren. Valuing, however highly, this sympathy and aid, wc are im pressed with the conviction that,' subject to the divine Llc&sing;, wc must rely upon ourselves. This report, and those which have preceded it, show that w e have our work to do. In every instance the churches wc have planted arc in coursc of realising, and several have attained, |-ccuniary independence. Ity their lubour new ground has been occupied, which in turn will be covercd *ith effective agencies. Thus, by selecting prudeutly now sphere*, ol operation, andsuptainining them in their first stages, wc hnvc widened gradually the influence of our chuiches, und the hieuns of religious instruction. It was tbe way tbe Gospel was fin! promulgated, end by these means wc propone, without Arrogating lo ourselves any speciul mission as a denomination, to perform out allotted task in tne viuryard of the Lord. We observe, not without satisfaction, how successfully our polity a* a denomination has met the condition of isolated churches, by furnishing an organisation adapted to their want*. Wbatthcu necessities imposed they found justified by our prin ciples. Tbcy found in the Sacred Volume a perfect law, in the offices of the Church an authorised government, and in the faith and ordinances of the Gospel the bond as w ell as the sanction of their congregational unity. It is thus that Christians, indifferent to mere tonus as such, have been led bv the logic of their circum hUnccfl, after due consideration, to embrace the views which arc commonly held among us. While congratulating each other on facts like these, we are wore M-ubiblr than ever of the value of Denominational union. We need a more comprehensive and more eftcctive co-ojMration, While holding fast the liberty wherewith Christ has made us trro, we have need U- be taught the full import of those obligations wbich bind in one the entire household of faith. Let us rather follow our hrctborn of other evangelical churches in their veneration for the unity of tbcChurcb olCbiiht— one in faith, in suffering, and in victory— while wc maintain, hut in uu obtrusive er self-laudatory /?pint, the freedom of our eocJesiaticol organisation, \\\ e desire to record our conviction that the value and final success of every religious institution must depend on iU fidelity to tbe gtcat and distinguishing doctrines of ' tbe glorious gospel of the blessed God.' During tbe past year the religious world lifls been agitated by disputations, which attack and defame tbe fundamental principles of Christian belief. The source, tho daring, and tho prevalence of those specula tions cleat ly Miow that it is possible, sheltered under \- vnngrlicol fftmmlas, to accept and proclaim a system of doubt esncntially anti-Christian. What, then, can preserve froru ajKJftAcy but a humble, teachable, and devout submission to the authority of Christ! Let us bold fast the doctrines of tho common salvation : God manifest in the flesh ; Christ crucified for us ; the washing of regeneration, and the renewing of the Holy Ghost. liCt us steadfastly assert the divinity of Christ ; the reality ol His miracles; Ilis abiding priesthood ; the virtue of His death and the power of Ilis resurrection. Let us listen to tho warnings and exhortations of the great Apostle of the Gentiles : — Ax yov hare therefore received thr Lord Jaua Christ the Son M vaik ye »i ftiw. Jlwtcd (ttiti Ltiilf vp in him , end established in the faith ni- ye hare he a tavffht, abounding therein with thanksgiving, JiCM-nre lest any wan 'ajwil pou through philosophy and vain deceit after the rudiments of the world and not after Chris!. J'i-r t'n him duellcth alt the fulness of the Godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him. — (Col. ii, C — 10.) Tbe,balunce-sheot showed upwards of £40 in hand. The meeting was then addressed by tho Revs. W.Slatyor, T. Johnfitono, S. G. Kent, J. £. Vciteh, W. Cuthbertson, and G. Charter (of Wollongeng). The annexed resolutions were adopted : — That the rcj-ort now read be adopted, printed, and circulated, and :bat the following gentlemen, in addition to the ministers of all tungrcgations contributing to the funds of this society, be the officcis and commiLtcc for the ensuing year, The Iter. i-r. Ross, president. The Rot. John West, vice-president. The Rev. W. Cuthbertson, and Mr. Robert Garrett, secretaries. Committee ; — Mr. Samuel Cook, Mr. A. Foss, Mr. Kowlcr, Mr. N. 1L Kagar, Mr. D. Jones, Mr. G. A Lloyd, Mr. J. Mullens, Mr. 11. Mayhew, Mr. John Morris, Mr. S. Nutter, Mr. It. Nott, Mr. George Itees, : Mr. J. Row, Mr. George llcnwick, Mr. It. T. ltichardson, Mr. 1 Joseph Thompson, Mr. Samuel Thompson, with power to add to their number. That this meeting, firmly holding that the Goppcl is ' the power of God unto salvation,' and that God is pleased 'through the foolishness of prcaching to save them tbat believe,' is of opinion, notwithstanding the *' oppositions of science falsely so called,' that the Divine Revelation, which it is our privilege to possess, is adequate to meet man's spiritual wants, and, employed and applied by the Holy Ghost, through the agency of the Church, is destined to surmount ever}* obstacle, and triumph over every That this meeting, while not unmindful of the debt of gratitude wbich it owes to the Great llcad of the Church, for that measure of'eucccss which has attended the past operations of this society, and tor the prosperous condition of the several stations originated through its instrumentality, some of wbich are still in part sus tained by its funds, desiics more fully to realise its responsibility in relation to the neglected districts of New South Wales; and bcrebv pledges itself to earnest prayer and renewed and increased exertion to supply additional labourers, and to fulfil the obliga tions which reEt upon us, in common with other branches of the Christian Church, in reference to the inhabitants of this colony. 