THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The 7th annual session of the Diocesan Synod commenced on MoTid&Y-; At3 o'clock the members assembled at Trinity Church, when evening prayer was read by the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean and Canon Coombs. The Lord Bishop then delivered his annual charge, which was as follows : — 'Uev. and Dear Brethren- There are times when the restless activity of 'social life subsides into a momentary calm, and the body politic, like the human frame, derives fresh vigor from repose. Church life also, the religions cou sciousness of associated bodies, is subject to the likechanfres: at one time, perhaps, struggling with difficulty or imperilled by divisions ; at another, relieved from outward pressure anainmiru uisseueiuii, it enjoys tne Diessmg «*? *'-'~* — ~ feels 'how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.' lake the dew of Hennon descending upon the mountains of Sion, that grace brings with it a blessing trom the lK-rd. . , 'Such a season of refreshment, much needed and much longed for, was through the mercy of God brought to us by the visitation of our much-esteemed Metropolitan, the kord Bishop of Sydney, who, accompanied by a ? faithful brother in the Gospel,' Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Melbourne; gave us the comfoit of Iiis presence and the benefit of his -exhortations during many days of the past year. Many hearts were then softened, many consciences then touched, many sympathies theadrawn out. many aspirations sftera higher divine life then l&t;— a winning grace thrown over the obligations of evangelical religion deeply, and, we trust, permanently, influenced many souls. 'While, however, on the one hand, we derived much benefit from the meekness of wisdom which characterized the de meanour and ministrations of both those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement 4Wim helinlriin^nnr order, and trip nTnormci: marie under ad verse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace aud the ministry of the Word. Would that t lie zeal then evinced to hear that Word from their lips could be taken as tha measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcate? ! ?An open door' was then, at least, 'sat before us;' and if ?we knew that ? oar strength was little,' still, having 'kept Christ's Word and not denied His Name,' we felt encouraged to 'hold last that which we had, that no man might take onr Crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical matters wliiea won the approval of those prelates was the general consti tution and working of our Synod. . 'True, it was the offspriug of a voluntary 'compact, liable to be spoken against and infringed even by the very Individuals who had helped to frame it, consented to its pro visions, acted again and again under them, solemnly pledged themselves to observe, and as far as in them lay to enforce, asa contract knowingly and willingly entered into !-y them selves and others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power by legislative enactmentovcrits constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, not withstanding such opposition, it has, to a considerable ex tent, accomplished the purpose for which it was designed. 'The clergy and laity ot the several congregations of the diocese have been drawn to one common centre, and have re ceived the benefit of mutual counsel and encouragement. It I would be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with th-: Bishop and clergy in the administra tion of ecclesiastical business, should decline to take part in deliberations for the common good; or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advantageous, or in negativing what might be mischievous 'So satisfied was the Synod last year of the beneficial working of those Synodal provision under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was pre pared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her as Supreme Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the compact voluntarily adopted by binding my successors to observance of its provisions. The answer to that memorial, which Her Majesty was pleased 'very graciously' to receive, conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, will be ;lai-l before Synod, and demands the earliest as well as the most careful consideration. ' It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after bo many years to discuss the best mode of giving legal effect to the rules of our Church affecting its ministers and members; but in the absence of imperial or local legislation the usual inconveniences attendant on volun tary associations must needs be felt. I believe I only express the fervent aspiration of every intelligent member our Church, that the time may quickly arrive when the by-laws and rules of the Diocese being agreed on. the bishop and clergy may give themselves without such distrac tion to the ministry of the Word and of prayer. Would that the day were at hand 'when the churches had rest and were edified ? and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the com fort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied.' I cannot, therefore, but regret that the spirit of harmony diffused by the presence ofourHetropol.tan.and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod (in whose memorial to Her Majesty he took nart, shoud have been disturbed by any attempt to nullify its proceedings ; and to lower the position of our reformed branch of the Catholic Church in this diocese from that of a ? Church' into e partnership, to be dissolved at any moment at the caprice of one alone of the parties. At all events, I have to congratulate Synod that we have received the ex press sanction of Her Majesty to the Constitution of our Synod, its provisions and regulations conveyed to us in the despatch to be laid before you. 'In harmony with the desire for deeper spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops, a proposal for * special services' and a week set apart for prayer was re ceived bv me and responded to by the parochial clergy. The seasons observed in our Church commemorative ot the great events of our Lord's life adapt themselves with pecnliar pro priety to such occasional religions exercises. The Epiphany, or Christ's manifestation to the Gentiles, was, therefore, happily selected for such continued and simultaneous devo 'It was an inspiring thought how many thousands of Christian lit arts were lifted up before the throne of grace, supplicating for a fuller effusion of the Holy Spirit upon His neoDle. A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical combination ; but while evangelical communion which so ap proximate as to unite in public prayer, in preaching the Word and in breaking sacramental bread, still aeem it neceS sarv to keep op their names of division and separate ecclesi astical organisations, it cannot reasonably be expected that our Reformed Church, with which ministers of those com munions have expressed themselves unable to unite, in con sequence of the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its officer, should nevertheless, on their invitation, by uniting with them in all and every act of worship, virtually abandon its own principles. ... 'Another occasion, however, for special observance is pre sented to us in the melancholy visitation which, in the Providence of God, has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India. It is a sad fact that famine is desolating a, wide-spread district, and affecting some millions of our fellow-subjects. The failure of our own harvests has re cently spread gloom and etraightness among the tillers of our -4-il The usual missionary sermons for the heathen were ?uspended in consequence. Should not the return of abundance call for tbankseiving offerings? and what more suitable object can be found than starving heathen fellow subjects, who will thus receive a convincing proof that the religion of Christ returns good for evil, ana visits the father less and widows in their affliction. I trust that the clergy will accede to my wish, and deem it practicable to preach on Whitsunday next, or Trinity Sunday, sermons on behalf ct the miserable population of the north-west provinces of India, and mate collections foi their relief. 'it was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meet ineB for prayer during the Epiphany week that some of the lav brethren joined effectively in giving a word of exhor tation and prayer. A sacerdotal system, more rigid than Jndaiem. may condemn such ministrations as intrusive ;lmt certain it is that onr Church has sanctioned, in defaulto a separated ministry, lay preaching and lay readers, acting untler licence from the Bishop, and conforming to certain regulations. It is difficult, indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropropriate gifts decently and in order to the nee of edifying, is at variance with the principles of our religion, and a worship, not of forms and ordinances -not confined to time or place, but of spirit ana of truth. ' Indeed the whole question of lay agency in divine wor ship forces itself at this time more particularly on the atten tion of our Church. In older Societies, where provision is made for rearing and maintaininga well-qualified clergy,sucn a question might be out of place. There a regular ministry can wait at the altar and in pastoral watclifulness go in and out day by day among the people. But in a young colony where only 120,oiiO souls are spread over an area considerably larger than England,divided in religious sentiment asinblood or country of their birth, it is scarcely to be expected that a sufficient number of compeient ministers can be maintained by the voluntary contributions of the people without ex traneous aid. The Church necessarily becomes missionary. The parochial system is inapplicable to a great degree. ' But even in missionary districts of large extent, embrac ing different townships and congregations, it has been found exceedingly difficult to raise even the minimum of stipend required for unmarried clergy. Meanwhile it is impossible for the clergyman personally to minister every Sabbath in several Churches many miles apart. The order of Sabbath worship is consequently interrupted ?, the worshippers feel unsatisfied ; they see the Church which they have contri buted to build close its doore upon them ; they feel a religions want which is not met. Here then at once arises the need of lay assistance, for if one minister can scarcely be main tained, it is useless to think of a second. If, however, in the absence of the missionary some layman recommended by him and duly licensed by the Bishop, could conduct the service reading the liturgy and such sermons as were first approved oy me missionary, me aiugic£«iuu »«?'' '-= ?«='' together, the Sunday-school kept open, and the Sabbath Day sanctified to a holy rest. ' One thing, however, is needful ; consistent Christian gravity in the person who undertakes this office. The dwel ling on the spot, respected by his neighbours, having pro baoly a family or household to bring up in the nurture of the lord he will feel it a privilege to aid his minister in carrying on the service of the sanctuary and influencing the neigh bours to keep holy the Sabbath Day. 'Furthermore, the acknowledged lawfulness of usingsepa rate the Morning Prayer, Litanv, and Communion Office, each complete in itself, though combined in t!ie usual Morning Service of the Lord's Day, seems to provide for different congregations a varied service, neither jading to the minister r.or formal to the worshipper. The Liturgy indeed, of our Church will never want power to elevate as well as sober devotion, when read in the gpirit of prayer, and used in its integrity, except in case of actual necessity. Its force indeed consists in this that it is scriptural both in the letter and in the spirit ; as such it is an invaluable guide and standard of spiritual truth and feeling, more especially when in the absence of an ordained ministry the worship is conducted by a lay reader. ?' I hare thus suggested what appears to me under present circumstances an available means whereby the ministrations of our Church may in some way reach the scattered mem bers of our Church. To multiply ministers without adequate means of support is only to discredit religion by lowering the standard of the ministry lor a poorly paia ministry becomes in the long run a poorly qualified ministry. It is in vain to hope ihat accomplised ministers will select to serve in this colony when, by crossing the border of Vic toria they may ameliorate their condition and avoid what is most harassing to a sensitive mind— the constant uncer tainty of at best a scantv income. Looking, as I must needs do, to the luture supply of clergy, I trust this may be amended if onr clergy are to maintain a high position in xelerence to the general body of Protestant ministers; or to receive fresh accessions to its number from the Church and Universities at home. 'One other topic, which during the past year has been the subject of much discussion, remains to be noticed ; it js that of Scriptural education in our national schools. As the authoritative standard of moral ana spiruuiu irum no uwmi discipline can be properly carried on by any single teachar in any pingle school without reference to the commanJ mentsofGod, and the example of the Great Teacher him self. How otherwise children are to be restrained from wickedness, blasphemy, malice, hatred, and all uncharit ablenees, the opponents of Bible reading in our schools have not condescended to point out. Will children mind their master when he bids ithem not to lie, steal, cheat, hurt, or corrupt each other, if that master does not appear to mind God, being forbidden to use, read, or refer to God's word? A genet ation so brought up in our schools, without the light of God's truth, may well become ? a generation of vipers.' The spectacle of a nation of professing Christians deliberately establishing an infidei system of national education, is one which I trust we shall be spared in this hitherto evangelical community ! 'The times themselves, indeed, arc redolent of strange audacity both of thought and action. Revealed religion has, in my opinion, nothing to fear from the progress of caieful research into the kingdom of nature or the liistorical records of man. It has been said, truly I think, that ' no truth in any department of knowledge can ever be in contradiction to any other truth;' and that in the long unlimited discussion is the fatal enemy of error—the most certain supporter of truth ; but then the stand point at least on which those lovers of truth, wlio louow oer ax at au Hazards, must oe iree trom suspicion. Hostile attack, or insidious undermining, be comes donbly dangerous when directed by unfilial treachery. It shakes faith in man ; it outrages all moral confidence, when with the ink of subscription to articles of belief scarcely dry, with ordination vows still undulating on the eternal . waves of sound, men hint their doubts of the inspired au thority of canonical Scripture ; question both prophecy and miracle ; and receive at the s:tme time what may be called the wages of iniquity to teach that as God's truth, which they themselves have already in their own minds suspected if not convicted of falsehood. The lying chronology of Egyp tian priests has already been refuted l-y ;the royal records on inscribed stones at Karnack, the letter and the doctrine of the Christian Scriptures, vindicated by newly discovered jnsxuceriptB of the remotest antiquity. 'He coincidence of these literary treasures, beyond all question undesigned, because hidden for centuries in various Quarters oi &e; world, suffices to asenrens of fte genuineness t and authenticity of the sacred writings, nor fcave we reason to fear that the faet3 of the Mosaic writings in their religious rather than scientific aspect will be found ' cauningly devised fable* ' ' Tiie Sacrament of the Holy Commurmion was then ad ministered to Jlie Clergy and Synoismen, nearly 60 hi num ber, bv the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean. Tiie' BeiifiHiiJioii was then pronounced, and 1he Synod adjourned till c o'clock, when the members reassembled at the Church office. White's Roams, toe Lord Bishop ia the chair. Tha President opened the proceedings with prayer. A letter was read from the Synodsmen of Trinity, resign ing their seats on the ground that they had not been elected by the body of the congregation. On the motion of Sir. A. Bltth, seconded by the Kev. Canon Russell, a Committee was appointed to consider the subject of the letter and any other doubtful returns ; and the following gentlemen were elected by ballot : -Rev. Canon Russell, aud Messrs. A. Blyth, L. W.'fhrupp, G. IV. Hawkes, and X. Oldham. The Pbesidebt then read the following report on the Diocese : — ' Diocesan Statistics.— These afford no great matter for remark or congratulation. As might be expected, the effect of a scittaJ ministry is seen in the increasing returns of several parishes ; while oa the other hand, two of the older City churches have suffered loss, either by the migra tion of inhabitants or removal of pewholdera to new or more adjacent churc!ie3. An increased aggregate number both of communicants and school-children is reported, owing chiefly to the opening of new missionary districts and churches. A small falling off in marriages arid baptisms may, perhaps, be sufficiently accounted for by the continued depression of trade and agriculture to the close of 1860. *t r*** a icfirs tv *rm C^T.v.Ttfiv ? .Turn r»f flip rlfirav liave quitted the diocese since we last assembled, and two have been added to the number officiating. The incumbency of St. Jufie.'s, Port Elliot remains vacant, no attempt on the part of the congregation to supply an income liaving been reported. Civerton has been filled up, and the full adminis tration of the sacraments secured, which, either from the unwillingness of the late officiating deacon, or his incompe tence to undergo the usual examination necessary for ad mission to the Presbytery, was improperly and inconveni ently interrupted. Considerations of health, and the hope of making better provision for their families, led to these departures. Four other incumbencies Glenelg, St. Bar tholomew's, St. Mary's, Sturt, and Kooringa — have under gone a change of ministers. Kobe Town, Talunga, and Yankalilla Missionary Districts have been occupied. '? Numerous as have been these changes, they have, on the whole, tended to the efficiency of the ministrations of our Chnrch. I cannot, however, view, without some degree of pain and appreheusion, the fact of worthy men and pains taking ministers, brought out at considerable expense from England, feeling themselves compelled, or, at any rate, tlusking it expedient to abandon this diocese for Victoria, Tasmania, or Sydney, or even to return to England. When church stipends are larger, or at least less uncertain, while the climate is more favorable to physical energy, we must be prepared to expect such removals ; but the character of tiie diocese meanwhile suffers in estima mation, congregations are scattered, and the difficulty of supplying cures is continually recurrring. I am thankful that so many and devoted men are so willing to put up with straMiess of income rather than to forsake their work. But this is not a just or satisfactory state of things, and it is for our Christian laity to recognise and remedy the evil, which may be met by a more liberal contribution to, and distri bution of Church funds according as every man has need. ' Long experience shows that no married clergyman who is doing pastoral duty as he ought, can possibly be main tained, even in humble but decent competence, upon an income of less than 2001. per annum, in addition to a parsonage and to be a minimum in many instances. I regret to say it has proved more than the maximum. Moreover, it is a state of things which is said not to exist in other i rotestant communions. If so, it is much to be regretted that it should be a constantly recurring complaint in our own. A. system of endowment and official stipend lias been devised and car ried on by the attorneys of the .Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel, which is slowly and to some extent remedying the evil; bat after all, considering the above and, as well as that de rived from the Allen bequest, or other funds supplied from England, I am compelled to own that the werking of the voluntary principle has not yet been satisfactory in its results. The spirit of Christian giving ia not as diffused among us. or as powerful as it ought to be. Nor do I believe it ever will be until the great ruleof St. Paul is adopted and acted upon by every congregation, namely, that on every Lord's Day the worshippers in our Churches should be invited to contribute 'as (rod has prospered them' for the purposes contemplated by the Offertory, namely, the support of the ministry and the relief of the poor. In some cases an annual sum from the Offertory has been set apart for endowment ; an excel lent plan, in my judgment, which might become still more quickly operative if the ancient custom of Easter offerings for the benefit of the minister were generally revived. I earnestly desire that the Synod would take these matters into consideration, and that these, my recommendations, with regard to -the Offertory may go forth with the united approval of this representative assembly of the Church. ' Memorial op Synod to the Queen.— It is with much satisfaction that I am enabled to place before you the reply of the Secretary of State for the colonies to our petition, which Her Majesty was pleased to receive very graciously. 1 he Synod will, I think, after careful perusal of this dis patch, fully recognise the spirit of wisdom and kindness in which it was dictated, as well as the accuracy of view con cerning the position of the diocese, and the relation of the Imperial and Local Governments to it and to each other which it manifests. Of the two points to which our petition referred, one, the appellate jurisdiction of the Metropolitan, is referred back for the initiation of a satisfactory proposal to the Australian Bishops. Thi3 is substantially a recogni tion of tue need of a ' provincial Synod, as well as tanta mount to an informal permission, for those Bishops so to meet— a step which in 1850, under the wise guidance of the late Bishop of Sydney, the prelates then assembled thought it expedient not to take. ' The other point, more immediately Important to our selves, is the constitution of the Synod. A frank and full reeagnition through His Grace of the legality and propriety of our consensual compact, and of the fundamental provi sions of the diocese, together with such other provisions and regulations as may lawfully be made in virtue of it, has been made by the expressed willingness of the Crown to embody them in new letters patent. He further sees no objection to the insertion in them of the clause * declaring Her Majesty's pleasure that all power and jurisdiction conferred by those etters patent on the Bishop should hi exercised in confor mity with them.' Gratifying as this is, because ratifying by the highest authority the course of proceeding, which in this diocese alone for local reasons has been adopted ; still there are inconveniences which we cannot disguise from ourselves resulting from the uncertain action ot courts [of law and juries, as to the obligations resulting from that compact. It is painful, in the first place, for a Church, through its officers, to have to go to law at all with any of its disorderly members. This is adverse to the spirit which ought to reign among Christian men. It is, nevertheless, a union with the State, which every church, sect, or denomination, whatever be its principle, must recognise, whenever the smallest fraction of property is placed in trust for its benefit. By no possibility can this relation ' to the poicers tliat be' cease to be got rid of» except by an absolute and complete dependence of a Church on casual almsgiving. Even here, too, a man might be a thief, and wrong the other members of the body. His Grace therefore with very cogent reasoning suggests the exueuieiiuy vi uiuiuur vuuisc, uiiuiejy, fcu seen iiuui liic Legislature of the colony an Act, either general or special, for quasi-incorporation. So that the Church as a Church having corjK) rate existence, might, like the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, and London, or our own Colle giate Shoal, hold property and make by-laws binding on the voluntary members of such Society, and that only so long as they continue members of it. 'This would give legal permanency and validity to the system which we have deliberately adopted, and which from a growing conviction of its usefulness is steadily extending to the rural districts, and which has now been sanctioned by Her Majesty. 'With great truth His Grace argues that the Legislature of s colony, which insists that the support of the ministry shall be thrown on the members of the Church itself, is morally bound to assist by legislative enactment the develop ment of this principle, enabling any and every denomina tian legally to manage its funds and enforce its own rules. ' We seel: no aid from the publui revenue, we claim no excep tionaldignity, we ask »u- coercive power, except that which is inherent in the administration of our own funds and our own religious rites. We are quite willing to share with other religious communities the advantages derivable lrom in corporation. 'From connection with the State, so far as Courts of Law are concerned, none csn be exempt. To diminish litigation by defining the legal powers of each Church, is a simple act of even-handed justice, seeing that such powers are granted to Trading and Charitable Companies. It is, moieover. in accordance with the spirit of our institutions, by developing more fully the voluntary principle of clerical support. Having said thus much, I invite your early and serious attention to this most important and valuable dispatch. ' Missionary Districts. — I turn now with considerable pleasure to the progress of Missionary labour and the open ing up of new spheres of ministerial usefulness during the past year. In this work I have been assisted by the counsel of clergy and synodsmen associated with myself and my official coadjutors, the Archdeacon and Rural Deans, as a consultation Committee for Missionary operations, with the view of enabling the Bishop better to provide for the spiri tual care of tne members of our Church not included in the parochial districts. 'Besides Kobe Town, where the Kev. E. Reid is exercising his ministry with deserved aud increasing influence, both in the town itself and adjacent stations— the district extending from Yankalilla to Cape Jervis has been placed under the Eev. A. Cooper. Assisted by four lay readers, who have given themselves heartily to the work, be is enabled to main tain Divine service at five places, and has recently laid the foundation of a third church in the district. ' The Talunga. MiBBion, comprising the township andneigh borhoods of Mount Pleasant and Mount Torreng, was con fided to the care of ths Rey. C J. Martin; but my hope of his permanent settlement in that cure has been disappointed, since be has expressed his intention te resign it at the close of six mouths from, his appointment, 'The opportune return of the Rev. John Fulford enabled me to fill up an important appointment recommended by the Mission Committee ; for which, on that recommendation, the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had provided a sufficient stipend. It was intended that he should pay a visit to Kangaroo Island, and arrange ments were initiated for his going thither, but the steamer failing to make the trip this object was not accomplished. Meanwhile ample employment was found tor his services in the district extending froin Echunga to Port Elliot. Ac cordingly I appointed him to hold services as recom mended by the Missions Committee, at Macclesfield and Strathalbyn, the Goolwa, Milang, Port Elliot, Bull's Creek, the Bremer, and Wellington. On his accepting the incum bency of Kooringa, so valuable were considered the results of the Missionary Chaplain appointment that the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel did not hesitate to continue the stipend for two years next ensuing, and I was consequently enabled to write to the Board at home to send out a duly qualified and suitable clergyman for this important duty. It is quite certain, that upon the piaty and diligence, the discretion and demeanor of the missionary, will depend the prospect of opening self-supporting missions and eventual incumbencies: (Appendices A and B.) 'The discovery of valuable mines in Torke'8 Peninsula has drawn together at Wallaroo a population already esti mated at from 1,000 to 1,600, consisting principally of miners from Cornwall. Their spiritual wants are provided for by the Primitive Methodists and the Wesleyan connection. 1 have not. however, been unmindful of the possible wants of the members of our Church, and have accordingly licensed as lay reader Mr. Herschel Babbage, to hold the Church of England service as occasion offers. A supply of Prayer books has also been forwarded for sale or distribution ; and Mr. Charles Babbage, on his own application, has been sup plied with Church of England tracts for distribution. ' Steps have been taken by the Kev. J. Sheldon towards the erection of a church at Mount Gaaibier, in furtherance of which I have received offers of assistance from two of the principal settlers in the immediate neighbourhood. In my recent visitation, of that district I found a rapid change taking place, from a purely pastoral to a busy agricultural rendition. The opening of Port MacDonnell has given a great impulse to farming pursuits; and the very extensive fun of Mount Schanck, about to be sold, will largely add to the population. Under these circumstances, it appears desirable to make Gainbierton the station of a resident minister of our Church. There are ample means, could they be drawn forth by a resident minister, t j render this a self supporting incumbency. This, however, is a work of time and organisation during which period the missionary must be maintained partially at least from extraneous funds. ' I found the district at present occupied by Mr. bheldon far too extensive to be efficiently served. By reducing the number of stations for holding service more frequent visits have been ensured, aud more tune allowed lonue uemuuu m pulpit ministrations. Mount Gambier has now monthiy service, and 1'enola on alternate Sundays. The former place, however, is making rapid strides in wealth, population, ana importance, owing to the fertility of the seil in Its imme diate vicinity. I also remarked a great change going on in the occapancy of stations; the properties either changing hands, or being left to the care of subordinate managers. The evils of an absentee proprietary are already beginning to be felt. This circumstance alone will probably necessitate a rearrangement of this missionary district at the close of the present guarantee to Mr. Sheldon. ?? A recent missionary visit to Helrose by the Rev. S. Jackson, in pursuance of an arrangement with Sir. Grant, of Coonatto, has proved very acceptable to the inhabitants ot the township and the numerous persons employed on the station. The expense of this guarterty missionary service Is entirely defrayed by Mr. Grant ; and it will effectually further his intended planting of a resident clergyman at Melrose, for which he proposes to devote no less a sum than l,I00t ( Appendix C.) The notes of this missionary tour. as well as Mr. Fulford's to the south, are appended to this report, together with. a brief summary of the operations carried on by the advice of the Missions Committee. (Appendix D.) But to what good pur pose will it be to have opened fresh districts and built a fen rural churches, if from insufficiency of itipei,d worthy clergymen who labor in the Word and doctrine are com pelled one by one to quit the dioeese? A remedy for this it is imDortant speedily to devise. Crippled as we are for want of funds, far more crippled are the effective operations of our Church from paucity of men, who neither shrink from the labor nor dislike the aggressive character of missionary service. It requires, indeed, a rare combination of physical, mental, and spiritual qualities to constitute the effective missionary clergyman, and all our rural incumbencies are more or less missionary. Let us pray, then, the Lord of the Harvest that he will raise up and send into His vineyard laborers in all respects fitted to do the worK of the harvest. Without such agency vital religion must languish; and He alone who knows the heart can thrust forth by the longings of an earnest faith those ministers who shall turn many to righteousness. Plant and water as we will,! He alone who gave the seed can also make it spring up and grow up and bring forth fruit abundantly.' 