SPECIAL RELIGIOUS SERVICES. Kic Christian public ot Adelaide having adopted the proposal of the Evangelical Alliance of Great ; Britain to observe the eight days from January 6 1 to January lit of the present year as a season of i special supplication, the first of the series of ser vices was held 011 Sunday, the titli inst. I11 order to insure as much union and sympathy as possible in the worship, the Committee of the Alliance suggested a number of subjects as being suitable ! for thought, prayer, and exhortation during the week in question. The topic recommended for consideration on tlic commencement of the ser vices was "the promise of the Holy Spirit," each congregation worshipping apart on this occasion. It will be seen from the particulars which we sub join of the services held on Sunday that all the leading religious denominations have joined ill the movement; and thus evinced their desire and anxiety to sec realized the hope expressed at the recent missionary conference in Liverpool that "the whole church throughout the whole world" would set apart a week for special prayer at the beginning of the year 18G1. The following are the particulars which we have obtained relative to Sunday's services:— Trinity Church.—The Very Rev. the Dean officiated at this place of worship on Sunday morn ing, and delivered an eloquent discourse upon the 31 st, 32nd, and 33rd verses of the 1st chapter of St. Luke, descriptive of the promise of the birth and the future greatness of Jesus Christ. He also preached 111 the evening, taking his text from L Peter, 1st chapter and 1st verse:—"But asliewhich have called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation." On both occasions there was an average attendance, and the sermons were im pressive and appropriate. Sr. Pall's Church, Polthnet-street.—The j Rev.' A. R. Russell, Canon and Rural Dean, preached to a large and highly respectable congre- ! cation on Sunday morning, from Mark 1, 37, 38:— ] " And when they had found him they said unto him, all men seek for thee. And he said unto thcih, let me go into the next town that f may ; for therefore came I forth. preach to them aiso, I The rev. gentleman's sermon was for the benefit 1 of the General Church Fund, which is chiefly I devoted to the support of missions in the thinly i populated districts of the colony: but he explained ' the object of the Christian world in setting apart the second week in January for special prayer, and announced that further notice would be taken of it at the week-evening sermon on the following Thursday. Mr. Russell preached again in the cven | ing from the first five verses of the 38th chapter of I Jsaiali, in which are described the illness ot King I Hezekiah, and the gracious respite announced to him by the prophet. The collections amounted to i £113s. 2d. Christchcrch, North Adelaide.—The service 1 on Sunday morning was conducted by the Vene rable Archdeacon Woodcock, who delivered a ser mon from the 2nd chapter Philippians, 12th and 13th verses:—'"Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own sal vation with fear and trembling: for it is God who worketh in you both to will and to do of liis good pleasure." There was a good congregation, as there was also in the evening, when the Venerable Archdeacon again preached. He chose as the subject of his discourse, which he treated in a mas ' terly manner, part of the 28th verse of the 2nd chapter of Joel" And it shallcome to pass after ward that I"wili pour out ray Spirit upon all flesh." Wpgitviv CuiDtrr Prorv.GTRlrpft 1'h# P«i* Wesletan Chapel, PiRtE-STBEET.—The Rev. Spcucer Williams preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 13th verse of the 11th chapter of St. Luke—"If ye., then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children; how much more shall your heavenly Father gire the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him?" I11 the even ing the same minister preached, his subject being the excellency of Christ's ministry, taken from the flth to the 12th verses of the 8th cliapterof the Epistle to the Hebrews. The congregations were good both in the montingaud evening. Wesleyax Chapel, Archer-street, North Adelaide.—The attendance on Sunday morning and evening was about the same as usual Mr. Thomas Padman, local preacher, conducted the morning service, and delivered a discourse upon the latter part of the nth verse of the 29th chapter of the First Book of Chronicles— "And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the Lord ?" The Rev. William Brown preached in the evening, from the 12tli and two following verses of the 116th Psalm—"What shall I render unto the Lord for , all liis benefits toward me? I will take the cup of ; salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord. I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the pre sence of all his people." Congregational Chapel, Freeman-street.— On Sunday the usual congregations attended at this place of worship. The Rev. T. H. Jackson preached earnest and eloquent sermons in the morning and evening. At the former service his text was taken from the Ilth chapter of St. Luke, - 13tli verse, which is quoted just above. In the evening the subject of his discourse was the 5th verse of the 5th chapter of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians—"Now- he that hath wrought us for the self-same thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit." Immediately at the conclusion of the service a short prayer meeting was held. It was announced that prayer meetings would take place in the chapel every morninz duringthe present week, commencing at 6 o'clock am. Euenkzer Chapel, Rcxdle-street.—The Rev. F. W. Cox, the pastor, preached on Sunday morn ing before the customary congregation an excel lent sermon from the 33rd verse of the 6econd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, "Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shod forth this which ye now sec and hear." The Rev. Morgan "Williams, who ar rived on Saturday per Hamtlla Mitchell from Eng land, to take the pastorate of the Congregational Church at Kapunaa, conducted the evening service. He delivered a suitable discourse upon the 44th verse of the 13th chapter of Matthew:—" Again the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid iu a field: the which when a man hath found he hideth, and for joy thereof guetli and scllcth all that he hath and buyeth that field." Congregational Church, North Adelaide. ^-On Sunday morning, the Temperance Hall—the place where "the services of this church are at pre sent held—was, as usual well filled. The Rev. J. Jeffcris, LL.B., delivered an al>le and eloquent sermon upon the liith and part of the irtli verses of the 14th cliapter of-the Gospel by John:—"And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever: even the Spirit of Truth." The evening service was substituted by a prayer meeting, at which there was a large attendance. Chalmers Free Church, North-terrace.— The Rev. J. Gardner, pastor of the Church, preached both morning and evening. In the morn ing his snbiect was taken from the 41st chanter of Isaiah, the'19th and 2(lth verses:—"I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the myrtle and the oil tree. I will set in the desert the fir tree and the pine and the box tree together; that they may see and know and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the Lord hath done this, and the Holy One of Israel hath created it." The text in the evening was chosen from the 55th cliapter of Isaiah. 10th and 11th verses—"For as the rain comctli down, and the snow from heaven, and returnetli not thither, but w-ateretb the eartli, and maketh it bring forth and bud that ir may give seed to the sower and bread to the eater; so shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void; but it shall accomplish thai which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it." The services on both occasions had a special reference to the prayer meetings. United Prisbttebian Church, Goccku street-—'This place of worship was well filled on Sunday morning, when the pastor, the Rev. James Lyall preached an earnest sermon, selecting as his text the 13tli chapter of Hebrews, 8th verse:— "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and for ever." St. Andrew's CnuRCH, Wakefteld-btreet.— The Rev. R. Haining delivered an apposite dis course on Suuday morning, upon the 19th verse of thc5thchaptertothe Tliessalonians:—"Quench nni tlio <5niwf " Tn ftl'Mlllin llA <l« Itic not the Spirit. In the evening he selected as his subject the 22nd verse of the 21st chapter of I Matthew:—"And all things, whatsoever ye shall ' ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive." Bible Christian Chapel, Eliza-street.— 1 The services at thischapel were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Allen, who chose for his text in the morning the Kith verse of the 72ndPsalm—"There . shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of die city shall flourish like grass of the earth." The subject in the evening was the 23rd verse of the epistle of Jude, " Ana others save with fear, pulling them out of the Src; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh." Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett Street.—Mr. Alfred Champion preached 011 Sun day morning from part of the 50 th verse of the 50th Psalm—"Call upon nle in the day of trouble and I will deliver thee." The evening service was con ducted bv the Rev. J. G. Wright, who chose for his sermon the 4th verse of the 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles—"And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, lmt wait for the promises of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me." 