DIOCESAN SYNOD. Monday. MatR. . ims being tlie day appointed for the first meet ing of the Diocesan Synod in session for the pre sent year, divine service was held at Trinity Church in the afternoon, at 3 n'clnrk. Ermine nravfiM were read bv the Very Rev. the Dean, assisted by the Venerable the Archdeacon and Canon Cooires. The Lord Bishop of the Diocese then read his annual charge from the communion-table; after ?which His Lordship administered the Holy Com munion to about 50 of the Synodsmen who were present. The following is His Lonlship s charge :— ' Bev. and Dear Brethren— There are times when the restless activity of social life subsides into a momentary calm, and the body politic, like the human' frame, derives fresh vigour from repose. Church life also, the religious consciousness of associated bodies, is subject to the like changes; at one time, perhaps, struggling with dimculty or imperilled by divisions; at another, relieved from outward pressure and inward dissension, it enjoys the blessing of peace, anil feels 'how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.' Like the dew of Hermon descending upon the mountains of Sion, that grace bring3 with it a blessing from the Lord. 'Such a season of refreshment, much needed and much longed for, was through the mercy of God brought to us by the visitation of our much esteemed Metropolitan, the Lord Bishop of Sydney, who, accompanied by a 'faithful brother in the Gospel,' Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Melbourne, gave us the comfort of his presence and the benefit of his exhortations during many days of the past year. Many hearts were then softened, many con sciences then touched, many sympathies then drawn out, many aspirations after a higher divine life then felt— a winning grace thrown over the Obligations of evangelical religion deeply, and, we ftusLpermanently, influenced many souls. V' While, however, on the one hand, we derived much benefit from the meekness of wisdom which characterized the demeanour and ministrations of both those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement from beholding our order, and the progress made under adverse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace and the ministry of the Word. Would that die zeal then evinced to hear that 'Word from their lips could be taken as the measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcates! 'An open door' was then, at least, 'set before us;1 and if we knew that 'our strength was little,' still, having ' kept Christ's Word and not denied His Name,' we felt encouraged to 'hold fast that which we had, that no man might take our crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical matters which won the approval of those prelates was the general constitution and working of our Synod. ' True, it was 'the offspring of a voluntary ' com pact,' liable to be spoken against and infringed even by the very individuals who had helped to frame it, consented to its provisions, acted again and again under them, solemnly pledged them selves to observe, and, as far as in them lay, to enforce, as a contract knowingly and willingly entered into by themselves anu others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power by' legislative enactment over its constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, notwithstanding such opposition, it has, to a consi derable extent, accomplished the purpose for which it was designed. ' The cleisy and laity of the several congrega tions of the diocese have been drawn to one com mon centre, and have received the benefit of mu tual counsel and encouragement. It would be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with the Bishop and clergy in the ad ministration of ecclesiastical business, should de cline to take part in deliberations for the common good, or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advan tageous, or in negativing what might be mis chievous or unsafe. 'So satisfied was the Synod last year of the be neficial working of those Synodal provisions under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was prepared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her, as Supreme Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the compact volun tarily adopted by binding my successors to obser vance of its provisions. The answer to that memo rial, which Her Majesty was pleased 'very gra ciously' to receive, conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, will be laid Ik-- fore Synod, and demands the earliest as well as most careful consideration. 'It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after so many years to discuss the best mode of giving le-ral effect to the rules of our Church atfecting its ministers and members; but in the absence of imperial or local legislation, the usual inconveniences attendant on voluntary associations must needs be felt. 1 believe I only express the fervent aspiration of every intelligent member of our Church, that the time may quickly arrive when the by-laws and rules of the diocese being agreed on, the Bishop and clergy may give themselves without such distraction to the ministry of the Word and of prayer. Would that the day were at hand 'when the churches had rest and were edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied' I cannot, therefore, but regret that the spirit of har mony diffused by the presence of our Metropolitan, and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod (in whose memorial to Her Majesty he took part;, should have been disturbed by any attempt to nullify its proceedings, and to lower the position of our reformed branch of the Catholic Church in this diocese from that of a 'Church' into a part nership, to be dissolved at any moment at the caprice of one alone of the parties. At all events, 1 have to congratulate tsynod that we have received the express sanction of Her Majesty to the consti tution of our Synod, its provisions and regulations conveyed to us in the despatch to be laid before you. ' In harmony with the desire for deeper spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops, a proposal for 'special services' and a week set apart for prayer was received by me and responded to by the parochial clergy- The seasons observed in our Church commemorative of the great events of our Lord's life adapt themselves with peculiar proprietv to such occasional religious exercises. The Epiphany, or Clirist'.s manifestation to the Gentilfcs, was, therefore, happily selected for such continued and simultaneous devotional services. ' It was an inspiring thought how many thou sands of Christian hearts were lifted up before the throne of grace, supplicating for a fuller effusion of the Holy Spirit upon His people. A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical com bination; but while evangelical communion which so approximate as to unite in public prayer, in preaching the Word, and in breaking sacramental Sread, still deem it necessary to keep up their names of division and separate ecclesias tical organizations, it cannot reasonably be expected, that our Keformed Church, with which ministers ? of those communions have expressed themselves unable to unite, in consequence of the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its officers, should nevertheless, on their invitation, bv uniting with them in all and every act of wor ship, virtually abandon its own principles. 'Another' occasion, however, for special obser vance is presented to us in the melancholy visita tion which, in the Providence of God. has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India. It is a Bad fact that famine is desolating a wide-spread district, and affecting some millions of our fellow subjects. The failure of our own harvests has re cently spread gloom and straitne&s; among the tillers or our soil. The usual missionary ser mons for the heathen were suspended in con sequence. Should not the return of abundance call for thanksgiving offerings? and what more suitable object can be found than starving heathen fellow-subjects, who will thus receive a convincing proof that the religion of Christ returns good for evil, and visits the fatherless and widow in their affliction! I trust that the clergy will accede to my wish, and deem it practicable to preach on Whit 'Sunday next, or Trinity Sunday, sermons on behalf of the miserable population of the north-west provinces of India, and make col lections for their relief. ' . 'It was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meetings for prayer during the Epiphany week that some ofthe lav brethren joined effectively in gmne a word of exhortation and prayer. A sacerdotal system, more rigid than Judaism, may condemn such ministration* jus intrusive; but certain it is that our Church has sanctioned, in default of a separated ministry, lay preaching and lay readers, acting under licence from the Bishop, and conforming to certain regulations. It is difficult, indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropriate gifts, -decently and m order to the use of edifying, is at variance with the principles of our religion, and a worship, not of forms and ordi nances—not confined to time or place, but of spirit anaoitruin. ,, . ,. . 'Indeed, the whole question of layagency in divine worship forces itself at this time more particularly on the attention of ourChurch. Inoldersocieties, where provision is made for rearing and maintaining a well-qualified clergy, such a question might be out of place. There a regular ministry can wait at the altar and in pastoral watchfulness goinandout day by dav among the people. But in a young colony where only 120,000 souls are spread over an area considerably larger than England, divided in religious sentiment as in blood or country ot their birth, it is scarcely to be expected that a sufficient number of competent ministers can be maintained by the voluntary contributions ofthe Se without extraneous aidL TheChurch neces krily becomes missionary. The parochial system is inapplicable to a great degree. 'But even in missionary districts of large extent embracing different townships and con gregations, it has been found exceedingly difficult to raise even the minimum of stipend required for unmarried clergy. Meanwhile it is un oqssiblefor the clergyman personally to. minister every Sabbath in several churches many miles apart. Th«. order of Sabbath worship is consequently interrupted; the worshippers feel unsatisfied; they seethe Church which they have contributed to build close its daors upon them; they feel a re ligious want which is not met. Here, then, at once arises the need of lay assistance; for if one minister can scarcely be maintained, it is useless to think of a second. If, however, in the absence of the missionary, some layman reeommended by hun, and duly licensed by the Bishop, could conduct the service, reading the liturgy and- such sermons as wert first appoved by the missionary, the con negation would be. held together, the .Sunday schojol kepVopen, and the Sabbath Day sanctified tQ a holy rest ' ? ' .. „ , .? . . 'One thing, however, is needful— consistent Christian gravity in the person who undertakes this office. The'dwelling on the spot, respected by his neighbours, 'having'probably a family or house hold to bring up in the nurture of the Lord, he will feel it a privilege to aid, his minister in carrying \- on the service of the sanctuary and influencing ' the neighbours to keep'holy the Sabbath Day. 'Furthermore, the acknowledged lawfulness of using separately1 the morning prayert litany, and communion office,' each'completem itself, though combined fa the usual morning service* of the Lord's Day? seems to provide for different congre gations^ varied semCe, neither jadingto the mi iuster nor formal .to the worshipper* The liturgy, indeed, of OurChurch Kill never want power to elevate as well as soberdevotion, when read in the , , gpjrjtcf prsyec, and used iipts integrity, except in case of actual necessity. 15 force, hideed, consists in this— that it-»s»scriptural both in the letter am in the spirit; assuch.it is an invaluable guide and standard of spiritual truth and feeling-, more espe cially when in the absence of an ordained ministry the worship is conducted I*- a lay reader. 'I have thus suggested what appears to me under present circumstances an available means whereby the ministrations of our Church may ir some way reach the scattered members of oui Church. To multiply ministers without adequat* means of support is only to discredit religion bj ldwering the standard of the ministry, for a poory paid ministry becomes in the long run a boorl} qualified ministry. It is in vain to hope tnat ac complished ministers will select to serve in thii colony when bv crossing the border of Victorii they may ameliorate their condition and avoi- what is most harassing to a sensitive mind— the constant uncertainty of at best a scanty income. Looking, as J must needs do, to the future supply of clergy, I trust this may be amended, if our clergy are to maintain a high position in reference to the general body of Protestant ministers ; or to receive fresh accessions to its number from the Church and Universities at home. 'One other topic, which during the past year lias been the subject of much discussion, remains to be noticed; it is that of scriptural- education in our national schools. As the authoritative stan dard of moral and spiritual truth no moral discipline can be properly carried on by any single teacher in any single school without refe rence to the commandments of God and the example of the Great Teacher himself. How otherwise children are to be restrained from wickedness, blasphemy, malice, hatred, and all uncharitableness the opponents of Bible reading in our schools have not condescended to point out Will children mind their master when he bids them not to lie, steal, cheat, hurt, or corrupt each other, if that master does not appear to mind God, being forbidden to use, read, or refer to God's word ? A generation so brought up in our schools, without the light of God's trutli, may well become ' a generation of vipers.' The spectacle of a nation of professing Christians delilwrately establishing an infidel system of national education js one which I trust we shall be spared in this hitherto evangelical community. 'The times themselves, indeed, are redolent of strange audacity both of thought and action. Ke vealed religion has, in my opinion, nothing to fear from the progress of careful research into the kingdom of nature or the historical records of man. It has been said, truly I think, that ' no truth in any department of knowledge can ever be in contia diction to any other truth,' and that in the long unlimited discussion is the fatal enemy of error —the most certain supporter of truth; but then the stand-point at least on which those lovers of truth, who follow her at all hazards, must be free from suspicion. Hostile attack, or insidious un dermining, becomes doubly dangerous when di rected by unfilial treachery. It shakes faith in man; it outrages all moral confidence, when with the ink of sul)scription to articles of belief scarcely dry, wish ordination vows still undulating on the eternal waves of sound, men hint their doubts oi the inspired authority of canonical Scripture, question both prophecy and miracle, and receive at the same time what may be called the wages of ini quity to teach that as God's truth which they themselves have already in their own minds suspected if not convicted of falsehood. The lying chronology of Egyptian priests has already been refuted bv the royal records on inscribed stones at Karnack— the letter and the doctrine of the Christian Scriptures vindicated by newly dis covered manuscripts of the remotest antiquity. 'The coincidence of these literary treasures, l-eyond all question undesigned, because hidden for centuries in various quarters of the world, suffices to assure us of the genuineness and authen ticity of the sacred writings, nor have we reason to fear that the facts of the Mosaic writings in their religious rather than scientific aspect will be found ' cunningly devised fables.' ' EVENING MEETING. In the evening a large attendance of the mem bers assembled at the Church Office, White's Rooms, and over which His Lordship presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. SYNODSMEN. The Synod roll was read, and the new members present signed the consensual compact. The following letter was read from the Synods men of Trinity Church :— 'Adelaide, May 2, ISfil. 'The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. i 'My Lord— Although we have been returned to ydur Lordship by the Very Reverend the Dean as :he four representatives for Trinity Church, Ade laide; to serve in Synod for the ensuing year, yet from there being only one voting-paper given in at the Easter vestry meeting, owing to the small number of seatholders that attended, we do not feel it would be evincing a due respect to Synod to seek to enter that body upon a single vote._ 'Of the circumstances connected with the Easter meeting we presume your Lordship to_ be fully aware; and although we believe the election of the four representatives, and the official return of them to your Lorship by the Dean, to be in per fect accordance with the regulations of Synod, and with the consensual compact which Trinity Church has joined, yet we feel that we should be wanting in self-resi-ect also if we took our seats, in oK'dieucc to the summons we have received, without a fur ther expression of the wishes of the congregation. 'Although under other circumstances we should have accepted the office with willingness and pride, we now l-eg, for the preceding reasons, to tender to your Lor»l.«hip, as President of Synod, our resignations of the post of Synodsmen. 'At the same time, we cannot refrain from ex pressing our opinions that we think it but riffht and due to the large number of the Trinity con gregation who voted at the vestry meeting in 1SIW upon this very question, that a fresh election should take place, rather than that the oldest church in the diocese should be left without its representatives in the governing . body of the Church. 'With the expression of our united confidence in the Diocesan Synod, ' We remain, ray Lord, ' Your Lordship's faithful sen- ants, 'J. H. Fisher. 'R. A. Fiveash. 'Edmund W. Wrioht. 'Nath. Oldham.' His Lordship referred to the election of the Synodsman for St. John's, the validity of which was doubtful in consequence of its b-jing question able whether the congregation was nut included in the same parish as that of St. Bartholomew, Norwood. It appeared also that a doubt existed in reference to the election of the representatives of Christchurch, Kapunda, It was consequently resolved, on the motion of Mr. A. BIyth, seconded by the Eev. A. R. Russell, that all questions of disputed returns be referred to a Select Committee. The following gentlemen were elected by ballot on the Committee :— The Rev. Canon Russell, Messrs. L. W. Thrupp, G. W. Hawkes, and N. Oldham, with Mr. A. Blytli, as the mover. REPORTS AND DOCUMENTS. His Lordship then read the following report on the state of the diocese :— 'Diocesan Statistics.— These afford no great matter for remark or congratulation. As might be expected, the effect of a settled ministry is seen in the increasing returns of several parishes; while, on the other hand, two of the older City churches have suffered loss, either by the migration of in habitants of removal of pewholders to new or more adjacent churches. An increased aggregate num ber both of communicants and .school-children is reported, owing chiefly to the opening of new missionary districts and churches. A small falling off in marriages and baptisms may, perhaps, l.e sufficiently accounted for by the continued depres sion of trade and agriculture to the close of lSijo. 'Changes in the Clergy.— Two of the clergy have quitted the diocese since we last assembled, and two have been added to the number officiating. The incumbency of St. Jude's, Port Elliot, remains vacant no attempt on the part of the congregation to supply an income having been reported. River ton has been filled up, and the full administration of the sacraments secured, which, either from the unwillingness of the late officiating deacon, or his incompetence to undergo the usual examination necessary for admission to the Presbytery, was im properly and inconveniently interrupted. Consi derations of health, and the hope of making better provision for their families, led to these departures. Four other incumbencies— Glenelgt St. Bartholo mew's, St. Mary's, Sturt and kooringa— have undergone a change of ministers. Robe Town, Talunga, and Yankalilla Missionary Districts have been occupied. 'Numerous as have been these changes, they have, on the whole, tended to the efficiency of the ministrations of our Church. I cannot, however, view, without some degree of pain and apprehen sion, the fact of worthy, men and painstaking ministers, brought out at considerable expense from England, feeling themselves compelled, or, at any rate, thinking it expedient to abandon this diocese for Victoria, Tasmania, or Sydney, Or even to return to England. When church stipends are larger, or at least less uncertain, while the climate is more favourable to physical energy, we must be prepared to expect such removals; but the cha racter of the diocese meanwhile suffers in cstiina mation, congregations are scattered, and the diffi culty of supplying cures is continually recurring. I am thankful that so many able and devoted men arc willing to put up with sraitness of income rather than forsake their work. But this is not a just or satisfactory state of things, and it is for our Christian laity to recognise and remedy the evil, which may be met by a more liberal contribu tion to and distribution of Church funds according 'Long experience shows that no married clergy nan who is doing pastoral duty as he ought can possibly be maintained, even in humble but decent ?ompetence, upon an income of less than £200 per uinum, iM addition to a parsonage and forage, irhen he is obliged to keep a horse. This I con reive to be a minimum; in many instances, I regret :o say, it has proved more than the maximum. Moreover it is a state of things which is said not to jjrist in other Protestant communions. If so, it is much to be regretted that it should be a constantly recurring complaint in our own. A sjstem of en jowment and official stipend has been devised and carried on by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, which is slowly and to some extent remedying the evil; but after all, con sidering the above aid as well as that derived from the Allen bequest or other funds supplied from Eng land, I am compelled to own that the working of the voluntary principle has not yet been satis factory in its results. The spirit of Christian giving* is not as diffused among us or as powerful as it ought to be. Nor do I lielieve it ever will be until the great rule of St. Paul is adopted and acted upon by every congregation, namely, that on every Lord's Day the worshippers in our Churches should be invited to contribute 'as God has pros pered them' for the purposes contemplated by the Offertory, namely; the support of the ministry and the relief of the poor. ? In some cases an annual sum from the Offertory has been set apart for en dowment; an excellent plan, in mJ judgment, which might become still more quickly operative if the ancient custom of Easter offerings for the benefit of the minister were generally revived. I earnestly desire that the Synod would take these matters into consideration, and that these my re commendations with regard to the Offertory may go forth with the united approval of .this represen tative assembly ef the Church. 'Memorial of Synod to theQueen.—Ii is with much satisfaction that I am enabled to place before you the reply of the Secretary of State for the colonies to our petition, which Her Majesty was pleased to receive very graciously. The Synod will, I think, after careful perusal of this dispatch, fully recognise the spirit of wisdom and kindness iu which it was dictated, as well as the accuracy of .view concerning the position of the diocese, and the relation of the Imperial and Local Govern ments to it and to each other which it manifests. Of the two points to which our petition referred, one, the appellate jurisdiction ofthe Metropolitan, is referred back for the initiation of a satisfactory proposal to the Australian Bishops. This is sub stantially a recognition of the need of a 'pro vincial' Synod, as well as tantamount to an informal permission for those Bishops so to meet —a step which in 1850, under the wise guidance of the late Bishop of Sydney, the prelates then as sembled thought it expedient not to take. 'The other point, more immediately important to ourselves, is the constitution of the Synod. A frank and full recognition through His Grace of the legality and propriety of our consensual compact, and of the fundamental provisions of the diocese, together with such other provisions and regulations as may lawfully be made in virtue of it, has been made by the expressed willingness of the Crown to embody them in new letters patent. He further sees no objection to the insertion in them of the clause declaring Her Majesty's pleasure that all power and Jurisdiction conferred by those letters patent on the Bishop should be exercised in con formity with them.' Gratifying as this is, because ratifying by the highest authgrity the course of proceeding which in this diocese alone for local reasons has been adopted; still there axe incon veniences which we cannot disguise from ourselves resultingfrom the uncertain action of Courts of Law and Junes, as to the obligations resulting from that compact. It is painful, in the first place, for a Church, through its officers, to have to go to law at all with any of its disorderly members. This is adverse to the spirit which ought to reign among Christian men. It is, nevertheless, a union with the State, which every church, sect or denomina tion, whatever be its principle, must recognise, whenever the smallest fraction of property is placed in trust for its benefit. By no possibility can this relation 'to tlie powers that be' cease or be got rid of, except by an absolute and complete depen dence of a Church on casual almsgiving. Even here, too, a man might be a thief, and wrong the other members of the body. His Grace there fore, with very cogent reasoning, suggests the ex pediency of another course, namely, to seek from the Legislature of the colony an Act, either general or special, for quasi- incorporation. So that the Church as a Church having corporate existence might like the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, and London, or our own Colle giate school, hold property and make by-laws binding on the voluntary members of such Society, and that onlv so long as they continue members of it. ' This would give legal permanency and validity to the system which we have deliberately adopted, and which from a growing conviction of its useful ness is steadily extending to the rural districts, and which has now been sanctioned by Her Majesty. 'With great truth His Grace argues that the Legislature of a colony which insists that the support of the ministry shall be thrown on the members of the Church itself is morally bound to assist by legislative enactment the development of this principle, enabling any and every denomina tion legally to manage its funds and enforce its own rules. ' We seel; no a id from the puUicrcven ue, we claim no exceptional dignity, ice ask no coercive power except that which is inherent in the administration of our own funds and our own religious rites. We are quite willing to share with other religious communities the advantages derivable from incor poration. 'From connection with tlie State, so far as Courts of Law are concerned, none can be exempt. To diminish litigation, by defining the legal powers of each Church, is a simple act of evenhanded justice, seeing that such powers are ' granted to Trading and Charitable Companies. It is, moreover, in accordance with the spirit of our institutions by developing more fully the voluntary principle of clerical support. Having said thus much, I invite your early and serious attention to tin's most important and valuable despatch. 'Missionary Districts.— I turn now with con siderable pleasure to the progress of missionary labour and the opening up of new spheres of mini sterial usefulness during the past year. In this work I have been assisted by the counsel of clergy and svnodsmen associated with myself, and my official coadjutors, tlie Archdeacon and Rural Deans, as a consultation Committee for missionary opera tions, with the »pw of enabling the Bishop tatter to provide for uie spiritual care of the members of our Church not included in the parochial dis tricts. 'Besides Robe Town, where the Rev. R. Reid is exercising his ministry with deserved and in creasing influence, both in the town itself and ad jacent stations, the district extending from Yanka lilla to Cape Jeryis has been placed under the Rev. A. Cooper. Assisted by fourlay readers, who have given themselves heartily to the work, he is enabled to maintain Divine service at five places, and lias recently laid the foundation of a third church in the district. 'The Talunga Mission, comprising the town ship and neighbourhoods of Mount Pleasant and Mount Torrens, was confided to the care of the Rev. C. J. Martin ; but my hope of his permanent settlement in that cure has been disappointed, since he has expressed his intention to resign it at the close of six months from his appointment. 'The opportune return of the Rev. John Fulford enabled me to fill up an important appointment recommended by the Mission Committee; for which, on that recommendation, the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the ( iwspel had provided a sufficient stipend. It was intended that he should pay a visit to Kangaroo Island, and arrangements were initiated for his going thither, but the steamer failing to make the trip this object was not accomplished. Meanwhile ample employ ment was found for his services in the district ex tending from Echunga to Port Elliot. Accordingly I appointed him to hold services, as recommended by tne Missions Committee, at Macdesfield and Strathnlbyn, the Goohva, Milan?, Port Elliot, Bull's Creek, the Breiner, and Wellington. On his accepting the incumbency of Kooringa, so valu able were considered the results of the missionary chaplain appointment that the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel did not hesitate to continue the stipend for two years next ensuing, and 1 was consequently enabled to write to the Board at home to send out a duly-qualified and suitable clergyman for this important duty. It is quite certain, 'that upon the piety and dili gence, the discretion and demeanour of the mis sionary will depend the prospect of opening self supporting missions ami eventual incumbencies. (Appendices A and B.) 'The discovery of valuable mines in Ybrke's Peninsula has drawn together at Wallaroo a popu lation already estimated at from 1,000 to J,5(N), consisting principally of miners from Cornwall. Their spiritual wants are provided for by the Primi tive Methodists and the Wcsjcvan connection. I have not. however, been unmindful of the possible wants of the members of our Church, and have according licensed as lay reader .Mr. Hersehel Babhage, to hold the Church of England service as occasion oners. A supply of Prayer-books has also been forwarded for sale' or distribution; and Mr. Charles Babbage, on his own application, lias been supplied with Church of England tracts for distri bution. 'Steps have been taken by the Key. J. Sheldon towards the erection of a church at Mount (Jam bier, in furtherance of which I have received otters of assistance from two of the principal settlers in the immediate neighbourhood. In my recent ?visitation of that district I found a rapid change taking place, from a purely pastoral to a busy agricultural condition. The opening of Port Mac Donnell has given a great impulse to farming pur suits; and the very extensive run of Mount Sehanck, about to be sold, will largely add to the population. Under these circumstances, it appears desirable to make Gambicrton the station of a resident minister of our Church. There are ample means, could they be drawn forth by a resident minister, to render this a self-supporting incumbency. This, limyi-voi'. is a '.fork of ] time and organization, during whi-.-h period the missionary must he maintained partially at least front extraneous funds. ' I found the district at present occupied by Mr. Sheldon far too extensive to lie efficiently served. By reducing the number of stations for holding service more frequent visits have been ensured, and more time allowed for the demand of pulpit ministrations. Mount Gambier has now monthly service, and Penola on alternate Sundays. The former place, however, is making rapid strides in wealth, population and importance, owing to the fertility of the soil in its immediate vicinity. I also remarked a great change going on in the occu pancy of stations ; the properties cither changing hands, or being left to tlie care of subordinate managers. The evils of an absentee proprietary are already beginning to be felt. This circumstance alone will probably necessitate a rearrangement of this missionary district at the close of the present guarantee to Mr. Sheldon. 'A recent missionary visit to Melrose by the Rev. J. S. Jackson, in pursuance of an arrangement with Mr. Grant, of Coonatto, has proved very acceptable to the inhabitants of the township and the numerous persons employed on the station. The expense of this quarterly missionary service is entirely defrayed by Mr. Grant; and it will effectually further his intended planting of a resi dent clergyman at Melrose, ? for which lie proposes to devote no less a sum than £1,100. (Appendix C.) The. notes of this missionary tour, as well as Mr. Fulford's to the south, are appended to this report, together with a brief sum mary of the operations carriedon by the advice of the 'Missions Committee. (Appendix C.) But to what good purpose will it be to have opened fresh districts and built a few rural churches if from insufficiency of stipends worthy clergy men who labour in the Word and doctrine are compelled one by one to quit the diocese? A remedy for this it is important speedily to dense. Crippled as ive are for want of funds, far more crippled are the effective operations of our Church from paucity of men, who neither shrink from the laiwur nor dislike the aggressive character of missionary service. It requires, indeed, a rare combination (if nhvsical. mental, and sniritual qualities to constitute tlie cneetive missionary clergyman, and a]l our rural incumbencies are more or less missionary. Let us pray, then, the Lord of the harvest that He will raise up and send into His vineyard labourers in all respects fitted to do the work of the liarvest. Without such agency vital religion mast languish : and He lone who knows the heart can thrust forth by the longings of an earnest faith those ministers who shall turn many to righteousness. Plant and water as ire will, He alone who gave the seed can also make it spring up and grow up and bring forth fruit abun dantly.' Appendix A. ' Gleeville, December 26, 18G0. ' Dear Sir— I write to you as the Secretary of the Mission Committee, to furnish you with the appointments made in the eastern district, which I have lately visited and reported thereon to His Lordship. ' It seems that tlie residents of Macclesfield and Strathalbyn have the promise of a service from the deputation who visited them, once a month, on their defraying the travelling expenses of the clergyman. Sunday, January 13, is the day named for the next service. Morning, 11 o'clock, at Mac clesfield; afternoon, at 4 o'clock, at Strathalbyn. Public baptisms after the service. Offertory col lections were made— Macclesfield, £1 3s. 3d.; Strathalbyn, £1 9s. Jkl. These were left in the hands of the Committee. Canon Russell had charge of £3 collected at the latter place when he attended; and in referring to this interim arrange ment, the local Committees wish to be informed, when the travelling expenses are paid, as in the case of the deputation and the missionary chaplain by other means, whether they are expected to pay the guinea towards the general missionary fund for such service. 'I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 22nd, containing the resolutions. With thanks, 'I remain, dear Sir, ' Faithfully yours, 'JNO. FULFORD. 'P. Cpbbett, Esq., Secretary Mission Committee.' Appendix B. 'Gleeville, Glen Osmond, Dec. 20, 1SC0. 'My dear Lord— Agreeably with the instructions received from the Mission. Committee, I proceeded on the 6th instant to visit the District of Strathal byn, &c.; ; and that Imay convey to your Lordship in a concise form the result of my .journey I beg to annex a few particulars from my diary :- ' December 6.— Reached Battunga by the public conveyance in the evening. 'December 7.— To Macclesfield. Found the appointments for Sunday; &c.; the reverse of my instructions. Wrote to Strathalbyn for informa tion being desirous that no change should be made. Visited several of the congregation rc SI^Wecember 8.-T0 Macclesfield to receive reply, and make arangements for meeting of Committee. 'December 9 (Sunday).-Macclesfield. Divine service in morning at 11 ; about 40 persons present. Very wet. Offertory, £1 3s. .3d. ; .one 1 baptism. Afternoon- Strathalbyn. Service at half-past 6 m Oddfellows' Lodge-room; about 50 attended. Qffe^ tory. £1 9s. 9d. Very wet and dark. ^December 10.— Visited several of the Committee and residents. Attended the evening meeting at I 7 to receive the Committee's report of the canvass ! of the district Afterwards it was presented to a public meeting, 14 present, and requested to be for warded to the Bishop. 'December 11.— Returned to Macclesfield by appointment Public baptism- solemnized at 1 o clock; four children were baptized. Meeting of the Church Committee at 3. Report adopted. It differs from Strathalbyn, inasmuch as there is no guarantee. I placed the subject before them both, but the members of this Committee having every confidence in the undertaking would not make themselves personally responsible. ' December 13.— Reached Port Elliot in the even ing, having written to Mr. Higgins, of Currency Creek, on the 8th, to make arrangements for ser vices, and also at Goolwa. 'December 14 and 15.— Visited several of the residents. Wrote Mr. Jones regarding the service at Goolwa. 'December 16 (Sunday).— Morning service at 11, Port Elliot; about GO or 70. Notice given that in the absence of any information from the Goolwa, evening service would be held here. There were present about 40. Afternoon— Baptisms at Port Elliot, 3; also two churchings. (The window over the communion is broken from the strong south winds, and the damage is likely to increase. There are no funds.) ? 'December 17.— Returned to Macclesfield and found bath reports ready, which I have now the pleasure of handing to your Lordship. 'December 19.— By Stratliaibyn bus I re turned to town, visiting on my way Echunga school, 30 present ; also inspecting the church. (Windows broken by gales, but there is a small fund for their repair.) Mr. Sawer, the schoolmaster, continues to read the evening prayers on the Sunday afternoon. 'I am, my dear Lord, ' Your faithful servant 'JohnFulford. 'To the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, &c.;' Appendix C. 'Notes of Tour to Melrose, Coonatto, &c.; 'Arrived at Melrose Saturday evening, April C, 1861, after two days' journey from Adelaide. Was met by Mr. Smitli, the Magistrate, who had kindly made ah1 arrangements for the services in theCourt House the next day. The picturesque township and its neighbourhood furnished me with two good congregations, morning and afternoon. 'Monday. Baptized two children; and Mr. S. ilrove me to pay some visits in the neighbourhood. 'Tuesdav. Drove over after breakfast to Coo natto, 30 miles— Messrs. Grant{& Stokes's head sta tion. Held pvening service, at which were 14 idnlts besides children. 'Wednesday. Buried a man who had been brought in from Matwarungla. He was being taken down to the Mount but died on the way, ibout seven miles from this, and was brought in for interment— a truly distressing case. Service at x'anyarree in the evening, 12 adults; three children baptized. 'Thursday. To Bcndleby, 25 miles. Evening service, 10 adults; two children baptized. 'Friday. Rode over in the morning to a hut six miles to the eastward; baptized two children. Back in the afternoon to Yanyarree. 'Saturday. Rode in the morning to a hut nine miles distant; baptized two children. Back to x'anyarree, and in the evening to Coonatto. 'Sunday. Morning service; afternoon service; baptized a child. 'Monday. Returned to Melrose; and Tuesday started riding to town, the mail having come in from the North full. ' There is a service on Sundays at Melrose in connection with the Congregationalists; and at Doonatto the manager or overseer reads service morning and afternoon. But the former service cannot be expected to give entire satisfaction to the memtars of the Church ; and on the sheep-runs iliere arc many persons living entirely without the means of grace, or the opportunities of public wor ship. The children on the runs are also growing up almost without education. Tin's is a state of spiritual destitution which makes it very desirable that a clergyman of active habits should be settled it Melrose as soon as possible. He might ta alter nate Sundays at home and on the runs. Mr. lirant has made an important ptovision for a cler gyman's comfort, by securing an SO-acre section near the township for the parsonage. It would ifford ample pasture for horses and cows. 'The whole stale of the North urgently calls for the attention of the Church. 'J. Stuart Jackson.' Appendix 1). 'Report of Missions Committee acting under the Lord Bishop. ' The Committee beg to report that, with .1 view to carry out the resolutions relating to the exten sion of diocesan missionary operations, passed in the last session of Synod, they promptly commu nicated with the members of the Church in several A the districts of the colony, offering to provide periodically visits of clergyman on condition that the expense thus incurred be mainly defrayed by local contributions. 'Owing, however, to difficulties, arising partly From the paucity of clergy, compared witfi the existing cures and services to he provided for, and in part also to the scattered nature of the popula tion, precluding very speedy action as regards satisfactory preliminary arrangements, the actual missionary operations «f the Committee have been somewhat limited. 'There are, nevertheless, ample grounds of cn :ouragement to persevere in a work which con templates the occasional supply at least of the Uhurch's ministrations to those who, under what ever disadvantages, remain faithful in their ad herence to her communion. 'The difficulty arising out of the full occupation »f the existing body of clergy suggested to the Committee the advisableness of the Bishop hying provided with a missionary chaplain, who might either himself visit the outlying districts, or act as ;i supply for any clergyman, whom His Lordthip mijrht request to do so. Presuming that such an object came legitimately within the scope of the Leiyli Fund, application was made to the attorneys of the Society forthe Propagation of theGospel.who, cordially sympathizing in the object, immediately voted the sum of :KM. as stipend for one year. In consequence of this ready response, the Rev. John Fulford, who had just opportunely returned to the colony, was requested by His Lordship to accept the appointment— temporarily at least— of mission ary chaplain, the duties of which office :lie continued Efficiently to perform till the bet'inning of April, when he entered upon residence at St. Mary's, Kooringa, the incumbency of which he had felt it his duty to accept. ' Short as was the period of Mr. Fulford's lalwurs, their results have been such as to satisfy the Com mittee of the value to the Church of .such mis sionary labour. And on their representing their views to the aforementioned attorneys these gen tlemen at once resolved to continue the grant for three years; in consequence of which the Bishop has been enabled to write to England for a mis sionary chaplain. ' During the year monthly missionary visitshave been maile to iilacclestield'and Strathalbyn— ser- vices held, and the sacraments administered. The Committee have much satisfaction in being able to state that the members of the Church in the district which include these townships have agreed to raise the sum of £200 per annum on condition of their having a resident minister. 'Missionary visits have also been occasionally made to and services held at Wellimrton, the Brcmcr, Milang, Goohva, Port Elliot, Bull's Creek, and Echunga. 'At Melrose, Mount Remarkable, Alexander Grant, Esq., of Coonatto, has made, through the Lord Bishop, a liberal otter to establish a mission. This the attorneys of the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel have agreed to aid. In fur therance of this object the Rev. J. Stuart Jackson has recently paid a missionary visit to those places, holding divine service on succeeding Sundays, and visiting as well as baptizing on the Coonatto Run.'' The following despatch from the Secretary of State, transmitted through His Excellency the Governor, was laid on the table : — 'Downing-street, Jan. 15, 1801. ' Sir— I enclose the copy of a letter which I have received from the Bishop of Adelaide, trans mitting a memorial addressed to the Queen by the Synod of that diocese. 'The memorialists desire, first, that the letters patent of the present Bishop may be revoked, and such others issued as may recognise the funda mental provisions, regulations, and forms of the Trust Deed adopted by the Synod as valid and binding, and provide that in future all Bishops shall govern the Church in accordance therewith. ' They also appear to desire that steps may be taken to give effect to the appellate jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydney in respect to offences against Church discipline committed in the Diocese of Adelaide. ' Y«u will inform the Bishop that this memo rial has been laid before Her Majesty, who was pleased to receive it very graciously : and, in answer to the Bishop's letter, you will communi cate to him a copy of this despatch. 'The appellate jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydnev is a matter of unquestionable importance to the consolidation of the Australian Churches in communion with tlw Church of England, and 1 shall gladly consider any practical scheme for ren dering it etiectual ; but it appears to me that any such scheme ought to be brought lwfore Her Majesty's Government in the shape of a proposal adopted, after due consideration, by the body of Bishops concerned. Till such consultation is had it would, in my opinion, be premature to take any steps in this country. '?On the proposed alterations in the letters patent, I have first to observe that the validity and binding character of the voluntary agreement which provides an organization and means of dis cipline for the Diocese of Adelaide is a legal ques tion to be determined by the Courts of Justice of South Australia, and not to be prejudged by Her Majesty. The Queen, therefore, cannot be advised to nronounce a decision which she has not the neans or entorcmg or rendering autnontauve. 'But, as at present advised, I should see no ob jection to the insertion in the letters patent of a ;lause declaring Her Majesty's pleasure that all ?ower and jurisdiction conferred by those letters patent on the Bishop should be exercised, as far as might be, in conformity with the fundamental pro visions of the Church, and with such other pro visions and regulations as might from time to time be lawfully made in virture of the consensual compact. : : ' ' If,' therefore, it should appear impracticable to effect the object of the Synod in any better way, I should wish the Bishop, with proper legal advice, to frame such a clause as will best answer the pur pose which he has in view, without causing Her Majesty to express any judgment capable of being brought into question before a Colonial Court 0 Justice. This clause I will cause to l-e submitted for the opinion of the law advisers of the Crown in such matters, with every desire that I may be ableto recommend it for Her Majesty's adoption. 'But I am anxious on many grounds that a dif ferent course may prove practicable. 'It would be, I think, better in point of prin ciple that the relations between the AngloAus tralian- Church and the colonies, in which it is to exercise its functions, should be defined not by an act of the prerogative representing the central government, but by the free act of the colonists themselves represented by their respective legisla tures. Such an act would give a popular character to the Church which appears to me not unim portant. 'But, moreover, it would have certain tangible advantages. Letters patent ma}- be altered at least on occasion of any' fresh vacancy in the office of Bishop^ 'and prohalily would l-e so altered from time to time. Nor is it easy to anticipate what exact authority may be allowed by Colonial Courts to particular provisions of such letters patent. But a Colonial Act for the quasi incorporation of the Church may also be viewed as unalterable, except at the request of the Church itself, and must necessarily be admitted as of conclusive authority by any colonial tribunal before which the acts of the Bishop or other Church officers may b^e catted in question. ? . * ' ? ' ? I think, therefore, that the most appropriate method bi 'satisfying the wishes of the Synod is by an Act of the Legislature, giving to the South Australian Church Cm effect) the character of a Corporation, with the power of making By-laws. The objection to tlm course I collect from the Bishop's letter to be, that 'the Anti-State ani Church principle on which the colony was founded prevents the Church from obtaining a local Statu jiving effect to the acts of a Synod and the sen «nces of the Bishop.' 'I cannot but hope that the Bishop has misap )rehendedV perhaps not the principle on which the :olony was founded, but at least the actual temper md views of the colonists. In South Australia, as n other British colonies, bodies of persons engaged n commercial enterprises, with a view to their own irofit, can obtain without difficulty the advantages )f incorporation, so far as these advantages are re mired for the regular conduct of their business, or he effectual prosecution of their operations. It ippears a matter of simple justice and prudence hat the Church of England and other religious rommunities united together for purposes, certainly lot less beneficial to society at large, should be en :ouraged in their useful work by receiving every acility which the Legislature can give them For car ving it on jn their own way. The Anti-Church and -t;ate principle appears to me not to prevent but to iccessitate the application of this principle. For he more exclusively any Church is required to ely on the voluntary support of her own members, he more necessary is it that those members should -e enabled to make binding rules to ensure the iroper administration of their own funds, and the performance of their corporate duties to each ither; or, in other words, for the enforcement of uch ecclesiastical discipline as the nature of the articular Church requires. 'These considerations, which are to my mind onclusive, lead me to anticipate that the South Lustralian Legislature maybe more ready than the Sishop supposes to pass a law similar in principle 0 those which have been passed in Canada and Victoria for the purpose of investing the Church of Sngland (or any other religious communion) with he powers necessary for her effectual organization ml action. No aid being sought by that Church rom the public revenue, nor any exceptional ignity, nor any coercive power (except that which s inherent in the administration of her own funds nd her own religious rites), it appears to me impro able that the community will view with any jea msy her present demand— the demand of powers 'hich are accessible to any religious denomination hich may ask for them, and are only available gainst those who voluntarily come within their itnge. 'I should be very glad, therefore, if you would onsider, in conjunction with the Bishop and our responsible advisers, whether there would be ny difficulty in passing an Act giving to the Ihurch of England in South Australia powers nalagous to those which she possesses under the rictorian or Canadian Acts of Parliament; and of ourse, giving or enabling the Church to give va clity to the provisions and regulations already nacted. If no such difficulty should exist and if ny member of the Church 01 Englaud should in roduce a Bill for effecting this object I should ope that your Ministry would be able to give it leir support. 'If from any circumstance of which I am igno mt this course should be impracticable, I snail ope to receive from the Bishop the draft of such a lause as he would wish to be introduced into his stters patent, witb such observations from your ;lf as you may consider requisite. 'I have, &C.;, 'Newcastle.' Mr. A. Blyth moved, and Mr. N. Oldham iconded. that the thanks of the Synod be given to [is Lordship for his valuable report, ana that it e printed and circulated amongst the members of ynod. Carried. Mr. Pitt Cobbett, the Secretary, read the fol wing report of the Standing Committee :— Annual Report of the Standing Committee, 1861. 'In accordance with the usual custom, your tanding Committee proceed to lay before Synod, t its seventh annual session, a report of their la our3 for the past year. Several matters were re ;rred by Synod for consideration or completion, inch your Committee will first allude to, viz. :— '1st. 'That Mr. Fenn be requested to consult ith His Honor Sir Charles Cooper on the subject f bringing the Synod under the Associations In orporation Act of 1858, and to report to the Synod r Standing Committee.' In a communication re in ved from Mr. Fenn, dated 30th April, 1861, he jports as follows on the conference vvliich he has ad with Sir Charles Cooper; but a teclinical difti ulty in initiating any proceeding under this Bill as since been pointed out there being no Trustees f the Institution to apply for incorporation:— 'I ave had several interviews with the Chief Justice n the subject but they have led to no results. I tiink the Act No. 21 of 1858 sufficiently compre ensive to embrace the Synod ; but as the Chief ustice has expressed his doubts on the subject, I avu great diffidence in offering an opinion. '2. 'That it is desirable that a skort statement r report of the proceedings of Synod, and of the regress of the Church of England in South Aus ?alio, should be prepared by the Standing Com littec annually, or oftcner, and printed and distri uted among the seatholders and attendants at the arious places of worship in connection with the Ihurch of England throughout the colony.' Your tanding Committee having considered the most flectual manner of carrying out this recommenda ion of Synod, subsidized the Church Chronicle for iree months, by which means the proceedings of jie Standing Committee were published ; and, be ides, 300 copies of printed slips containing such ccount were supplied monthly, and distributed moHg tlie various congregations. Your Commit ue, jmyever, did not feel themselves warranted in ontinuing the payment of the subsidy, and it was herefore not continued. '3. 'That the Standing Committee be directed r- take steps to obtain from the Trustees of the 'hurches not having adopted the model trust eeiis or provisions substantially in conformity herewith to ajrrec to the declaration of trusts pre aivl by Mr. Fenn and agreed to by Synod.' lour .'omruittee, considering that the subject should be eferred until the question concerning the incor oration of Synod bo decided, have postponed it ar future deliberation. '4. 'That the Standing Committee be directed a draw up a list of Churches at present entitled to end representatives to Synod' Your Committee eg to Submit the following schedule. (Schedule L appended.) '5. 'That it is necessary, for the due informa ion of the Bishop and Synod, that in cases where he deeds of churches are not in the custody of the 5ishoj»'s Registrar, certified copies of such deeds hall he obtained when and if possible by the Handing Committee, at the expense of Synod, and laced with the deeds in the Bishop's Registry, in place of security to l-e reconinieiulea by the Handing Committee.' Your Committee, having sccrtaincd that this rule has been acted upon in lie cases of all new churches, and finding that ifliculties would arise from the expense which uch a course of procedure would involve, beg to efer the whole matter for the consideration of lynoil. '-!. Law Costs, Platts v. Stocks.— Your Com uittee report that the costs entailed upon Mr. Stocks by this action-at-law have been defrayed by he Lord Bishop out of funds not under the con rol of Synod and by private subscriptions. 'Endowments. — Your Committee have been mabled to fulfil their engagement by paying £100 0 the endowment of St. Bartholomew s, Norwood, diich enables that church to receive the full -cnefit of endowment to which it is entitled— viz., £40 per annum. Your Committee have likewise eceived £75 from St. George's, Gawler, and a imilar amount from St. Matthew's, Kensington, or the respective endowment of those churches. These sums have been paid over to the attorneys -f the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, o be augmented by a like amount from funds inder their control, and to be invested by them on tehalf of those parishes. Your Committee there ore recommend that the Treasurer of Synod be nstructcd to pay to the attorneys of the Society or tlie Propagation of tlie Gospel the amounts re iiiectively which your Committee have voted to hose cures upon the receipt of the Lord Bishop of V.s;i nh's annual contribution to the Endowment ?uml. . ' Kapunda.— This district having received aid rom Synod since the year 185(5 as a missionary listrict, and your Committtee taking into con iideration the growing importance of the neigh wurhood, have thought it desirable to place it on he list of incumbencies, which entitles it under :ertain conditions to representation in Synod. This, your Committee understand, the congrega ion wish to claim. A memorial [schedule BJ has lonsequently been prepared to that effect, which ?our Committee have much pleasure in recom nending. ** ' Opening of Ne\y Missions.— The most pleasing wrt of your Committee's labours has been that in ?onnection with the opening of new missions. During the past year clergymen have been settled n the following missionary stations, viz. :— Yanka- illa and Mounts Pleasant and Torrens and Robe [own. The residents of the neighbourhood of Yankalilla, Normaiiville, Hay Flat arid Rapid Bay 'have guaranteed a sum of £230 per annum; md your Committee have resolved to supplement ;he income of the missionary by & vote not ex ceeding £25 for the year 1801. An income of £150 lias likewise been guaranteed to the missionary of Mounts Torrens and Pleasant, which your Com mittee have undertaken to supplement by a vote jf £50 for the year 1S61. The inhabitants of Uoue Town have guaranteed an income to the Rev. Richardson Reid of £200 per annum, and £40 per annum for house for year terminating on tin 1st August, 18(il. Another great stimulus to the missionary work of the diocese has been the ap pointment of a missionary chaplain through tne lid of the attorneys of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel, who have undertaken the payment of a stipend of £300 per annum (forage inclusive) for a period of three years. As, however, the subject of missionary operations will be fully reported by the Lord Bishop, your Committee need not enter into further particulars. ' 10. Appropriation of Income arising from the Allen Fund.— Your Committee have felt con siderable difficulty in adopting an equitable spheme for the administration of this fund. The code of regulations prepared by the' Standing Committee for tlie year ending June, 1860, have been read justed by them for the year ending 30th June, L80I. Nevertheless, your Committee feel that it is very imperfect. Your Committee, thorefore, desireto draw the attention of Synod to the sub ject, and trust it may obtain a full consideration, witn a view to a satisfactory adjustment. ''11. Finance.— The Treasurers of Synod will lay before you their balance-sheet for the year ending 31st December, 1860, which, upon examination of its aggregate receipts, will bear not an unfavourable comparison with balance-sheets of former years. 'Upon a review of the past year. yourCommittee feel tnat some good progress has been 'made, though that progress, depending entirely upon voluntary efforts, and at the present early and fluctuating state of the colony, must, of necessity, be tardy and oftentimes impeded. 'A. Adelaide, Chairman. 'Adelaide, April 30, 1861.' Schedule A. ' List of Churches at present entitled to send Representatives to Synod ?J- '1. Trinity Church, Adelaide. ' 2. Christchurch, North Adelaide. '3. St. Paul's, Adelaide. ' 4. St; Luke's, Adelaide, ' 5. St. John's, Adelaide. '6. St Paul's, Port Adelaide. . ' 7. St. George's, Gawlei. ' 8. St. Matthew's, Kensington. '9. St. Michael's, Sliteham. ' 10. St Andrew's, Walkerville, ' 11. St. George's, Magill. '12. All Saints', Hinurnarsh. ' 13. St Saviour's, Glen Osmond. '14. St. Mary's, Sturt. ? ' 15. Christchurch, CTHalloran Hill. ' 16. St. Peter's, Glenelg. ' 17. St. Jude's, Brighton. ' 18. St. Philip and St James's, Noarlunea. 11 19. St. Stephen's, Willunga. ' 20. St. James's, Blakiston. ' 2L St. Mark's, Penwortham. ' 22. St Mary's, Kooringa. ' 23. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln. ' '24. St. MarkVWoodside.' '?' ' 25. St. Thomas's, Balhannah, ' 26. St. Mary's, Echunga. ' 27, St. Bamabas's, Clare, Scheduler ' Kapunda, April 23, 1861. ' To the Right Reverend the Bishop, the Clergy, and the Laity of Adelaide, in Synod assembled. ' Tlie petition of the undersigned members of the Church of England and Ireland, : 'Showeth— 'That a church has been .erected at Kapunda, called Christchurch. 'That a deed of trust of the said church has been prepared and executed, whereof the Lord Bishop of the diocese, the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, Messrs. White, Cossins, and Dr. Blood, are Trustees ; and that the said church has been consecrated to the worship of Almighty God, ac cording to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, and is under and subject to the pro visions and regulations passed by Synod. 'That the estimated income of the minister of the said church will be as follows :— Seat rents ? £l?0 Endowment ? 30 'Stipend fund ... ... ? 20 jioo 'That your petitioners now request to be recog nised as a parish, and to be represented in Synod. 'And your petitioners will evei pray, &c.; "JOHN STEWART BROWNE | WILLIAM BARKLA (Churchwardens 'James Huggins J. W. Richards 'John Mullin Elijah Hart 'James Harden Charles Hardy ' James Stokes Thomas Roach 'Thos. R. Jones John Roach ' Geo. M. Allen William Linfoot 'Hugh A. Egerton Wm. Nicholson ' Wm. Jeffs John Marsh ' Charles Cossins John Brooksbank 'Abm. C. Hamence Abraham White.' The Treasurers laid upon the table an audited balance-sheet of their accounts for year ending December 31, 1860; also a memorandum of collec tions in various churches on account of the General Church ;Fund, which circumstances pre rented being made before the close of the year; ilso a memorandum of balances of the Church accounts on March 31, 1861 ; likewise a compara tive statement of the various amounts collected ind received for Church purposes during the last six years. The SECKETARr laid on the table the balance meet of the Allen Fund for year ending December U, 1860 : also a statement of receipts and cxpen liture or the same fund for the same period ; like wise a statement of receipts and expenditure of le attorney of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel for the same period; and a statement jf the attendance of members of the Standing Committee from the period of their election to the present date. The balance-sheet for 1S60 showed the total re :eipts to have been £2,136 3s. 10d., and a balance in hand at the end of the year of £638 2s. 4d. A supplementary document contained a list of collec ;ions in various churches on account of the General 3hurch Fund, which circumstance prevented being made before the close of the year, amounting to £50 17s. 7d. Also, the balances of the Church lecounts on 31st March, 1S61, amounting to £730 12s. 5d. STANDING COMMITTEE. The following members were elected on the Standing Committee for the ensuing year:— Clergy —The Very Rev. the Dean, the Rev. Canon Harryat, the Ven. the Archdeacon, the Rev. R. \V. Needham, the Rev. Canon Farr, the Rev. 3anon Russell, and the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson. Laity— Messrs. N. Oldham, A. Blyth, N. Blyth, L J. Pelham, P. Cobbett L. \V. Thrupp, F. Wicksteed, W. J. Fullarton, O. K. Richardson, II. Gawler, E. Wiekes, G. W. Hawkes, H. Gilbert ind Sir Charles Cooper. STAIfDDJG ORDERS. The Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock moved that ,he Standing Orders of the last session be adopted is those of the present session, which vyas seconded t)y the Rev. Canon Marryat and carried. After considerable discussion, and the rejection sf several amendments, it was resolved that the Synwl meet on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, md Friday in each week during the session— at 11 j'clock a.m. on the following day, and on each subsequent day at 5 p.m. NOTICES OF MOTION*. The following notices of motion were then given, after which tlie Synod was adjourned : — 1\. By the Bishop. — 'I give notice that at 11 D'clock to-morrow, I will call the attention of the Synod, in a Committee of the whole House^fo the lespatch of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, communicated tlirougli His Excellency the Bovernor-in-Chief, and to ask the advice of the Synod thereon.' 2\. By the Bishop.— 'Whenever a notice of motion is given which, in the opinion of any mem lier of Synod is repugnant to the preamble or the eclaration on which the consensual compact of ;he Synod is founded, it shall, if and when brought inder the notice of Synod, be taken to be a. ques ;ion of order; and, on the motion of any member, be dealt with accordingly— that is to say, all other liscussion shall be suspended until such motion shall have been disposed of.' 3\. By Mr. Thrupp-' That the steps taken by the Standing Committee, in pursuance of the resolution jf Synod passed on Stth May, I860, directing the Committee to propose to distribute a. short state ment or report of the proceedings of Synod, and of progress of the Church of England in South Aus :raha, are unsatisfactory, and not calculated to Utain the objects of that resolution.' 4\. By Mr. Thrupp.— ' That the Standing Com mittee in considering questions and entertaining [natters not assigned to it by the Synod# has acted contrary to the flth Fundamental Provision. This Synod will, therefore, not recognise anything so irregularly done, or any resolution as irregularly passed by the Standing Committee.' 5\. By Sir. Thrupp.— ' That he will ask the Lord Bishop what success the Church Endowment Society has had. and what is considered to be its future prospects.' 6\. By Mr. G. H. Farr.—' That no member of Synod, whether clerical or lay, shall have the power to enter or read any protest, as each member lias the power of recording his opinsons by his vote.' 7\. By Mr. Needham— 'That in lieu of the classi fication of clerical incomes, in accordance with which the stipends of the clergy have been hitherto supplemented, all churches in connection with Synod shall from this time be placed in one class, with a uniform minimum income of £300, or of £250 with a parsonage. That the condition re quiring a stipend fund or special payment from the congregation of equal amount with the sum voted by Synod be still generally enforced. That if, how ever, the income of any church shall for two years last past have fallen uelow £200 or £150, with a parsonage, it shall be at the discretion of the Stand ing Committee, on due consideration of the ability of the congregation and the causes of the nonfullil ment of their engagement to support their minister, to waive the requirement of a stipend fund.' 8\. By Mr. J. S. Jackson.— ' That the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to commend to the Christian consideration and liberality of mem bers of the Church throughout the diocese the case of those '\viio are suffering grievously from famine in India.' 9\. By Mr. J. A. Boake.— 'That I shall move at the earliest period that that portion of the Bishop's address relative to the weenly offertory l-e taken into consideration.' 10\. By Mr. Rustell.— 'That from day to day the notices of motion be advertised in the daily papers, as was the case last year.' 