THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. THE SOUTHERN STATES. (FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE TIMES) NEW ORLEANS, May 24. It is impossible to resist the conviction that the Southern Confederacy can only be conquered by means as irresistible as those by which Poland was subjugated. The South will fall, if at all, as a nation prostrate at the feet of a victorious enemy. There is no doubt of the unanimity of the people. If words mean anything, they are animated by only one sentiment, and they will resist the North as long as they can command a man or a dollar. There is nothing of a sectional character in this disposition of the South. In every state there is only one voice audible. Hereafter, indeed, state jealousies may work their own way. Whatever may be the result, unless the men are the merest brag- garts — and they do not look like it —they will fight to the last before they give in, and their confidence in their resources is only equalled by their determination to test them to the utmost. There is a noisy vociferation about their declara- tions of implicit trust and reliance on their slaves which makes one think they do “ protest too much,” and it remains to be seen whether the slaves really will remain faithful to their masters should the abolition army overcome among them as an armed propaganda. One thing is obvious here. A large number of men who might be usefully employed in the ranks are idling about the streets. The military enthusiasm is in proportion to the property interest of the various classes of the people, and the very boast that so many rich men are serving in the ranks is a significant proof, either of the want of a substratum, or of the absence of great devotion to the cause in any such layer of white people as may underlie the great slaveholding, mercantile, and plant- ing oligarchy. The whole state of Louisiana contains about 60,000 men liable to serve when called on. Of that number only 15,000 are en- rolled and under arms in any shape whatever, and if one is to judge of the state of affairs by the advertisements which appear from the Ad- jutant-General’s office, there was some difficulty in procuring the 3,000 men — merely 3,000 volun- teers — “ to serve during the war,” who are re- quired by the Confederate Government. There is plenty of “prave ’ords,” and if fierce writing and talking could do work, the armies on both sides would have been killed and eaten long ago. It is found out that “ the lives of the citizens” at Pensacola are too valuable to be de- stroyed in attacking Pickens. A storm that shall drive away the ships, a plague, yellow fever, mosquitoes, rattlesnakes, smallpox — any of those agencies is looked to with confidence to do the work of shot, shell, and bayonet. Our American “ brethren in arms“ have yet to learn that great law in military cookery, that “ if they want to make omelets they must break eggs.” The “ moral suasion” of the lasso, or head- shaving, ducking, kicking, and such processes, are, I suspect, used not unfrequently to stimulate volunteers ; and the extent to which the acts of the recruiting officer are somewhat aided by the arm of the law, and the force of the policeman and the magistrate, may be seen from paragraphs in the morning papers now and then, to the effect that certain gentlemen of Milesian extraction, who might have been engaged in pugilistic pur- suits, were discharged from custody unpunished, on condition that they enlisted for the war. With the peculiar views entertained of freedom of opinion and action by large classes of people on this continent, such a mode of obtaining volun- teers is very natural, but resort to it evinces a want of zeal on the part of some of the 50,000 who are on the rolls ; and, from all I can hear — and I have asked numerous persons likely to be acquainted with the subject — there are not more then those 15,000 men of whom I have spoken in all the state under arms, or in training, of whom a considerable proportion will be needed for garrison and coast defence duties. It may be that the Northern States and Northern sentiments are as violent as those of the South, but I see some evidences to the contrary. For instance, in New York, ladies and gentlemen from the South are permitted to live at their favourite hotel without molestation, and one hotelkeeper at Saratoga Springs adver- tises openly for the custom of his Southern pa- trons. In no city of the South which I have visited would a party of Northern people be permitted to remain for an hour if the “ citizens” were aware of their presence. It is laughable to hear men speaking of the “ unanimity” of the South. Just look at the peculiar means by which unanimity is enforced and secured ! This is an extract from a New Orleans paper :— “ Charges of Abolitionism. — Mayor Monroe has disposed of some of the cases brought before him on charges of this kind by sending the accused to the workhouse. “ A Mexican named Bernard Cruz, born in Tampico, and living here with an Irish wife, was brought before the Mayor this morning charged with uttering abolition sentiments. After a full investigation, it was found from the utterance of his incendiary language that Cruz’s education was not yet perfect in Southern classics, and his Honour therefore directed that he be sent for six months to the Humane Institution for the Ame- lioration of the Condition of Northern Bar- barians and Abolition Fanatics, presided over by Professor Henry Mitchell, keeper of the work- house, who will put him through a course of study on Southern ethics and institutions. “ The testimony before him on Saturday, however, in the case of a man named David O‘Keefe, was such as to induce him to commit the accused for trial before the Criminal Court. One of the witnesses testified positively that she heard him make his children shout for Lincoln ; another, that the accused had said ‘ I am an abolitionist,’ &c.; The witnesses, neighbours of the accused, gave their evidence reluctantly, saying they had warned him of the folly and danger of his conduct. O‘Keefe says he has been a United States’ soldier, and came here from St. Louis and Kansas. “ John White was arraigned before Recorder Emerson on Saturday for uttering incendiary language while travelling in the baggage car of a train of the New Orleans, Ohio, and Great Western Railroad, intimating that the decapitator of Jefferson Davis would get 10,000dol. for his trouble, and the last man of us would be whipped like dogs by the Lincolnites. He was held under bonds of 500dol. to answer the charge on the 8th of June. “ Nicholas Gento, charged with declaring him- self an abolitionist, and acting very much like he was one by harbouring a runaway slave, was sent to prison, in default of bail, to await exami- nation before the Recorder.” Such is “ freedom of speech” in Louisiana ! But in Texas the machinery for the production of “ unanimity” is less complicated, and there are no insulting legal formalities connected with the working of the simple appliances which a primi- tive agricultural people have devised for their own purposes. Hear the Texan correspondent of one of the journals of this city on the subject. “ It is to us astonishing,” he says, “ that such unmitigated lies as those Northern papers disseminate of anarchy and disorder here in Texas, dissension among ourselves, and espe- cially from our German, &c.;, population, with dangers and anxieties from the fear of insurrec- tion, among the negroes, &c.;, should be deemed anywhere south worthy of a moment’s thought. It is surely notorious enough that in no part of the south are abolitionists or other disturbers of the public peace so very unsafe as in Texas. The lasso is so very convenient !” Here is an excellent method of preventing dis- sension described by a stroke of the pen ; and, as such an ingenious people are not likely to lose sight of the uses of a revolution in developing peculiar principles to their own advantage, repu- diation of debts to the North has been proclaimed and acted on. One gentleman has found it con- venient to inform Major Anderson that he does not intend to meet certain bills which he had given the Major for some slaves. Another de- clares he won’t pay anybody at all, as he has dis- covered it is immoral, and contrary to the law of nations, to do so. A third feels himself bound to obey the commands of the governor of his state, who has ordered that debts due to the North shall not be liquidated. As a naive specimen of the way in which the whole case is treated, take this article and the correspondence of “ one of the most prominent mercantile houses of New Orleans” :— “ SOUTHERN DEBTS TO THE NORTH. “ The Cincinnati Gazette copies the follow- ing paragraph from the New York Evening Post :— “ ‘ Bad Faith.— The bad faith of the Southern merchants in their transactions with their Nor- thern correspondents is becoming more evident daily. We have heard of several recent cases where parties in this city, retired from active business, have, nevertheless, stepped forward to protect the credit of their Southern friends. They are now coolly informed that they cannot be reimbursed for these advances until the war is over. We know of a retired merchant who in this way has lost 100,000dol.’ ” And adds :— “ ‘ The same here. Men who have done most for the South are the chief sufferers. Debts are coolly repudiated by Southern merchants, who have heretofore enjoyed a first-class reputation. Men who have grown rich upon the trade fur- nished by the West are among the first to pocket the money of their correspondents, asking, with all the impudence and assurance of a highway- man, “ What are you going to do about it ?” There is honour among thieves, it is said, but there is not a spark of honour among those repudiating merchants. People who have aided and trusted them to the last moment are the greatest losers. There is a future, however. This war will be over, and the Southern merchants will desire a resumption of their connexions with the West. As the repudiators — such as Goodrich and Co., of New Orleans — will be spurned, there will be a grand opening for honest men. “ ‘There are many honourable exceptions in the South, but dishonesty is the rule. The latter is but the development of latent rascality. The rebellion has afforded a pretext merely for the swindling operations. The parties previously acted honestly only because that was the best policy. The sifting process that may now be conducted will be of advantage to Northern merchants in the future. The present losses will be fully made up by subsequent gains.’ “ ‘ We have been requested to copy the following reply to this tirade from one of our most promi- nent mercantile houses, Messrs. Goodrich and Co :— “ ‘ New Orleans, May 24, 1861. “ ‘ Cincinnati Gazette.— We were handed, through a friend of ours, your issue of the 18th inst., and attention directed to an article con- taincd therein, in which you are pleased to par- ticularize us out of a large number of highly respectable merchants of this and other Southern cities as repudiators, swindlers, and other epi- thets, better suited to the mouths of the Wilson Regiment of New York than from a once re- spectable sheet, but now has sunk so low in the depth of nxxxxrdom that it would take all the soap in Porkopolis and the Ohio River to cleanse it from its foul pollution. “ ‘ We are greatly indebted to you for using our name in the above article, as we deem it the best card you could publish for us, and may add greatly to our business relations in the Con- federate States, which will enable us in the end to pay our indebtedness to those who propose cutting our throats, destroying our property, stealing our negroes, and starving our wives and children, to pay such men in times of war. You may term it rascality, but we beg leave to call it patriotism. “ ‘ Give the sinews of war to your enemies have ever been considered as treason.—Kent. “ ‘ Now for “ repudiating.” We have never, nor do we ever expect to repudiate any debt owing by our firm. But this much we will say, never will no pay a debt due by us to a man, or any company of men, who is a known Black Republican and marching in battle array to invade our homes and firesides, until every such person shall be driven back and their polluted footsteps shall, now on our once happy soil, be entirely obliterated. “ ‘ We have been in business in this city for twenty years, have passed through every crisis with our name untarnished or credit impaired, and would at present sacrifice all we have made, were it necessary, to sustain our credit in the Confederacy, but care nothing for the opinions of such as are open and avowed enemies. We are sufficiently known in this city not to require the endorsement of the Cincinnati Gazette, or any such sheet, for a character. “ ‘ The day is coming, and not far distant, when there will be an awful reckoning, and we are willing and determined to stand by our Con- federate flag, sink or swim, and would like to meet some of the Gazette’s editors vis à vis in the field of blood and see who would be the first to flinch. “ ‘ Our senior partner has already contributed one darkey this year to your population, and she is anxious to return, but we have a few more left, which you can have, provided you will come and take them yourselves. “ ‘ We have said more than we intended, and hope you will give this a place in your paper. “ ‘ GOODRICH AND CO.’ ” There is some little soreness felt here about the use of the word “ repudiation,” and it will do the hearts of some people good, and will carry comfort to the ghost of the Rev. Sydney Smith, if it can hear the tidings, to know I have been assured, over and over again, by eminent mercantile people and statesmen, that there is “ a general desire” on the part of the repudiating states to p»y their bonds, and that no doubt, at some future period, not very clearly ascertainable or plainly indicated, that general desire will cause some active steps to be taken to satisfy its intensity of a character very unexpected, and very gratify- ing to those interested. The tariff of the South- ern Confederation has just been promulgated, and I send herewith a copy of the rates. Simul- taneously, however, with this document, the United States steam frigates Brooklyn and Niagara have made their appearance off the Pass à 1’Outre, and the Mississippi is closed, and with it the port of New Orleans. The steam-tugs re- fuse to tow out vessels for fear of capture, and British ships are in jeopardy. May 25. A visit to the camp at Tangipao, about 50 miles from New Orleans, gave an occasion for obtaining a clearer view of the internal military condition of those forces of which one reads so much and sees so little than any other way. Major-General Lewis, of the state militia, and staff, and General Labuzan, a Creole officer, attended by Major Ranney, president of the New Orleans, Jackson, and Great Northern Railway, and by many oficers in uniform, started with that purpose at half-past four this evening in a railway carriage, carefully and comfortably fitted for their recep- tion. The militia of Louisiana has not been called out for many years, and its officers have no military experience and the men have no drill or discipline. Emerging from the swampy suburbs, we soon pass between white clover pastures, which we are told invariably salivate the herds of small but plump cattle browsing upon them. Soon corn- fields, “ in tassel,” alternate with long narrow rows of growing sugar-cane, which, though scarcely a fourth of the height of the maize, will soon overshadow it ; and the cane-stalks grow up so densely together that nothing larger than a rattlesnake can pass between them. From Kennersville, an ancient sugar planta- tion cut up into “ town lots,” our first halt, ten miles out, we shoot through a cypress swamp, the primitive forest of this region, and note a greater affluence of Spanish moss, than in the woods of Georgia or Carolina. There it hung, like a her- mit’s beard, from the pensile branch. Here, no one who should venture to thread the snake and alligator or haunted mazes of the jungle, its matted profusion must resemble clusters of stalactites pendant from the roof of some vast cavern ; for the gloom of an endless night appears to pervade the deeper recesses, at the entrance of which stand, like outlying skeleton pickets, the unfelled and leafless patriarchs of the clearing, that, for a breadth of perhaps 50 yards on either side, seems to have furnished the road with its sleepers. The grey swamp yields to an open savanna, be- yond which, upon the left, a straggling line of sparse trees skirts the left bank of the Mississippi, and soon after, the broad expanse of Lake Pont- chartrain appears within gunshot of our right, only separated from the road by 100 yards or more of rush- covered prairie, which seems but a feeble barrier against the caprices of so extensive a sheet of water subject to the influences of wind and tide. In fact, ruined shanties and outhouses, fields laid waste, and prostrate fences remain evidences of the ravages of the “Wash” which a year ago inundated and rendered the railroad impossible save for boats. The down-trains’ first notice of the disaster was the presence of a two-story frame building, which the waves had transported to the road, and its passengers, de- tained a couple of days in what now strikes us as a most grateful combination of timber-skirted meadow and lake scenery, were rendered insen- sible to its beauties by the torments of hungry mosquitos. Had its engineers given the road but eighteen inches more elevation, its patrons would have been spared this suffering, and its stock- holders might have rejoiced in a dividend. Many of the settlers have abandoned their improve- ments. Others, chiefly what are here called Dutchmen, have resumed their tillage with un- abated zeal, and large fields of cabbages, one of them embracing not less than sixty acres, testify to their energy. Again, through miles of cypress swamps the train passes on to what in called the “ trembling prairie,” where the sleepers are laid upon a tressel-work of heavier logs, so that the rails are raised by “ cribs” of timber nearly a yard above the morass. Three species of rail, one of them as huge as a curlew, and the summer duck seen the chief occupants of the marsh, but white cranes and brown bitterns take the alarm, and falcons and long-tailed “ blackbirds” sail in the distance. Towards sunset a halt took place upon the long bridge that divides Lake Maurepas, a picturesque sheet of water which blends with the horizon on our left, from Pass Manshae, an arm of Lake Pontchartrain, which disappears in the forest on our right. Half-a-dozen wherries and a small fishing smack are moored in front of a ricketty cabin, crowded by the jungle to the margin of the cove. It is the first token of a settlement that has occurred for miles, and when we have sufficiently admired the scene, rendered pic- turesque in the sunset by the dense copse, the water and the bright colours of the boats at rest upon it, a commotion at the head of the train arises from the unexpected arrival upon the “ switch” of a long string of cars filled with half a regiment of volunteers, who had been enlisted for twelve months’ service, and now refused to be mustered in for the war, as required bv the re- cent enactment of the Montgomery Congress. The new comers are at length safely lodged on the “ turn off,” and our train continues its journey. As we pass the row of cars, most of them freight waggons, we are hailed with shouts and yells in every key by the disbanded volun- teers, who seem a youngish, poorly clad, and undersized lot, though noisy as a street mob. After Maunshae the road begins to creep up towards terra firma, and before nightfall there was a change from cypresses and swamp laurels to pines and beeches, and we inhale the purer atmosphere of dry land with an occasional whiff of resinous fragrance that dispels the fever- tainted suggestions of the swamps below. There we only breathed to live. Here, we seem to live to breathe. The rise of the road is a grade of but a foot to the mile, and yet at the camp an elevation of not more than eighty feet in as many miles suffices to establish all the climatic difference between the malarious marshes and a much higher mountain region. But during our journey the hampers have not been neglected. The younger members of the party astonish the night owls with patriotic songs, chiefly French, and the French chiefly with the “ Marseillaise,” which, however inappropriate as the slogan of the Confederate States, they per- sist in quavering, forgetful perhaps that not three-quarters of a century ago Toussaint l’Ouver- ture caught the words and air from his masters, and awoke the lugubrious notes of insurrection. Towards nine p m. the special car rests in the woods, and is flanked on one side by the tents and watch-fires of a small encampment, chiefly of navvy and cotton-handling Milesian Volunteers, called “ the Tigers,” from their prehensile powers and predatory habits. A guard is sta- tioned around the car ; a couple of Ethiopians who have attended us from town are left to answer the query, quis custodiet ipsos custodes ? and we make our way to the hotel, which looms up in the moonlight in a two-storied dignity. Here, alas ! there have been no preparations made to sleep or feed us. The scapegoat “ nobody” announced our coming. Some of the guests are club men, used to the small hours, who engage a room, a table, half-a-dozen chairs, and a brace of bottles to serve as candlesticks. They have brought stearine and pasteboards with them, and are soon deep in the finesses of “ Euchre.” We quietly stroll back to the car, our only hope of shelter. At the entrance we are challenged by a sentry, apparently ignorant that he has a percussion cap on his brown rifle, which he levels at us cocked. From this un- pleasant vision of on armed and reckless Tiger rampant, we are relieved by one of the dusky squires, who assures the sentinel that we are “ all right,” and proceeds to turn over a seat and arrange what might be called a sedan-chair bed, in which we prepare to make a night of it. Our party is soon joined by others in quest of repose, and in half an hour breathings, some of them so deep as to seem subterranean, indicate that all have attained their object — like Manfred’s —for- getfulness. An early breakfast of rashers and eggs was prepared at the table d’hôte, which we were told would be replenished half-hourly until noon, when a respite of an hour was allowed to the “ help” in which to make ready a dinner, to be served in the some progression. Through a shady dingle a winding path led to the camp, and, after trudging a pleasant half mile, a bridge of boards, resting on a couple of trees laid across a pool, was passed, and, above a slight embankment, tents and soldiery are re- vealed upon a “ clearing” of some thirty acres in the midst of a pine forest. Turning to the left we reach a double row of tents, only distinguishable from the rest by their “ fly roofs” and boarded floors, and, in the centre, halt opposite to one which a poster of capitals, on a planed deal, marks as “ Head Quarters.” Major-General Tracy commands the camp. The white tents crouching close to the shade of the pines, the parade alive with groups and colours as various as those of Joseph’s coat, arms stacked here and there, and occasionally the march of a double file in green, in grey, or in mazarin blue, up an alley from the interior of the wood, to be dis- missed in the open, resembles a militia muster, or a holiday experiment at soldiering, rather than the dark shadow of forthcoming battle. The cordon of sentinels suffers no volunteer to leave the precincts of the camp, even to bathe, without a pass or the word. There are neither waggons nor ambulances, and the men are rolling in bar- rels of bacon and bread, and shouldering bags of pulse — good pic-nic practice and campaigning gymnastics in fair weather. The arms of these volunteers are the old United States smooth-bore musket, altered from flint to percussion, with bayonet — a heavy and obsolete copy of Brown Bess in bright barrels. All are in creditable order. Most of them have never been used, even to fire a parade volley, for powder is scarce in the Confederated States, and must not be wasted. Except in their material, the shoes of the troops are as varied as their clothing. None have as yet been served out, and each still wears the boots, the brogans, the patent leathers, or the Oxford ties, in which he enlisted. The tents have mostly no other floor than the earth, and that rarely swept, while blankets, boxes, and utensils are stowed in corners with a disregard of symmetry that would drive a martinet mad. Camp stools are rare and tables invisible, save here and there in an officer’s tent. Still the men look well, and, we are told, would doubtless present a more cheerful appearance but for some little demoralization occasioned by dis- content at the repeated changes in the organic structure of the regiments arising from misappre- hensions between the State and Federal au- thorities, as well as from some favouritism to- wards certain officers, effected by political wire- pulling in the governing councils. The system of electing officers by ballot has made the camp as thoroughly a political arena as the poll districts in New Orleans before an election, and thus many heroes, seemingly ambitious of epaulettes, are in reality only “ laying pipes” for the attainment of civil power or distinction after the war. The volunteers we met at Maunshae the pre- vious evening had been enlisted by the State to serve for twelve months, and had refused to ex- tend their engagement for the war — a condition now made precedent at Montgomery to their being mustered into the army of the Confederate States. Another company, a majority of whom persist in the same refusal, were disbanded while we were patrolling the camp, and an officer told one of the party he had suffered a loss of 600 volunteers by this disintegrating process within the last twenty- four hours. Some of these coun- try companies were skilled in the use of the rifle, and most of them had made pecuniary sacrifices in the way of time, journeys, and equipments. Our informant deplored this reduction of Volun- teer numbers, as tending to engender disaffection in the parishes to which they will return, and comfort when known to the Abolitionists of the North. He added that the war will not perhaps last a twelvemonth, and if unhappily prolonged beyond that period, the probabilities are in favour of the short term recruits willingly consenting to a re-enlistment. The encampment of the “ Perrit Guards” was worthy of a visit. There was a company of pro- fessional gamblers, 112 strong, recruited for the war in a moment of banter by one of the patri- archs of the fraternity, who, upon hearing at the St. Charles Hotel one evening that the vanity or the patriotism of a citizen not famed for liberality had endowed with 1,000dol. a company which was to bear his name, exclaimed that “ he would give 1,000dol. to any one who should be fool enough to form a company and call it after him.” In less than an hour after the utterance of this caprice, Mr. Perrit was waited upon by fifty-six “profes- sionals,” who had enrolled their names as the “ Perrit Guards,” and unhesitatingly produced from his wallet the sum so sportively pledged. The Guards are uniformed in mazarin blue flannel with red facings, and the captain, a youngish looking fellow, with a hawk’s eye, who has seen service with Scott in Mexico, and Walker in Nicaragua, informed us that there is not a pair of shoes in the company that cost less than six dollars, and that no money has been spared to perfect their other appointments. A sack of ice and half a dozen silver goblets enforced his invitation “ to take a drink at his quarters,” and we were served by an African in uniform, who afterwards offered us cigars received by the last Havannah steamer. Looking at the sable attend- ant, one of the party observes that if these “ ex- perts of fortune win the present fight, it will be a case of couleur gagne.” It would be difficult to find in the same number of men taken at hazard greater diversities of age stature, and physiognomy ; but in keenness of eye and imperturbability of demeanour they exhibit a family likeness, and there is not an unintelligent face in the company. The gamblers, or, as they are termed, the “ sports,” of the United States have an air of higher breeding and education than the dice-throwers and card-turners of Ascot or Newmar- ket — nay, they may be considered the Anglo-Saxon equals, minus the title of those ames damnées of the continental nobility who are styled Greeks by their Parisian victims. They are the Pariahs of American civilization, who are, nevertheless, in daily and familiar intercourse with their patrons, and not restricted, as in England, to a betting- ring toleration by the higher orders. The Guards are the model company of Camp Moore, and I should have felt disposed to admire the spirit of gallantry with which they have volunteered in this war as a purification by fire of their macu- lated lives, were it not hinted that the “ Ogle- thorpe Guards” and more than one other com- pany of volunteers are youths of large private fortunes, and that in the Secession, as in the Mexican war, those patriots will doubtless pursue their old calling with as much profit as they may their new one with valour. From the Lower Camp we wind through tents which diminish in neatness and cleanliness as we advance deeper to the Upper Division, which is styled “ Camp Tracy,” a newer formation, whose brooms have been employed with correspondting success. The adjutant’s report for the day sums up 1,073 rank and file, and but two on the sick list. On a platform, a desk beneath the shade of the grove holds a bible and prayer-book, that await the arrival at ten o’clock of the Methodist preacher who is to perform Divine service. The green uniforms of the “ Hibernian Guards,” and the grey and light blue dress of other companies, appertain to a better appointed sort of men than in the Lower Division. There may bo 2,000 men in Camp Moore — not more, and yet every authority gives us a different figure. The lowest estimate acknowledged for the two camps is 3,500 men, and the Picayune and other New Orleans papers still speak in glow- ing terms of the 5,000 heroes assemble at Tangi- pao. Although the muster there presents a tolerable show of ball-stoppers, it would require months of discipline to enable them to pass for soldiers even at the North ; and besides that General Tracy has never had other experience than in militia duty, there is not, I think, a single West Point officer in his whole command. The only hope of shaping such raw material to the purposes of war would naturally be by the admixture of a proper allowance of military exper- ience, and until those possessing it shall be awarded to Camp Moore we must sigh over the delusion which pictures its denizens to the good people of New Orleans as “ fellows ready for the fray.” While the hampers are being ransacked an express locomotive arrives from town with despatches for General Tracy, who exclaims when leading them, “ Always too late !” from which expression it is inferred that orders have been received to accept the just disbanded volunteers. The locomotive was hitched to the car and drew it back to the city. Our car was built in Massa- chusetts, the engine in Philadelphia, and the magnifier of its lamp in Cincinnati. What will the South do for such articles in future ? May 26. In the evening, as I was sitting in the house of a gentleman in the city, it was related as a topic of conversation that a very respectable citizen, named Bibb, had had a difficulty with three gentlemen, who insisted on his reading out the news for them from his paper as he went to market in the early morning. Mr. Bibb had a revolver “ casually” in his pocket, and he shot one citizen dead on the spot, and wounded the other two severely, if not mortally. “ Great sympathy,” I am told, “ is felt for Mr. Bibb.” There has been a skirmish somewhere on the Potomac, but Bibb has done more business “ on his own hook ” than any of the belligerents up to this date ; and, though I can scarcely say I sympa- thize with him, far be it from me to say that I do not respect him. One curious result of the civil war in its effects on the South will probably extend itself as the conflict continues —I mean the refusal of em- ployers to pay their workmen, on the ground of inability. The natural consequence is much distress and misery. The English Consul is harassed by applications for assistance from mechanics and skilled labourers, who are in a state bordering on destitution and starvation. They desire nothing better than to leave the country and return to their homes. All business, except tailoring for soldiering and cognate labours, are suspended. Money is not to be had. Bills on New York are worth little more than the paper, and the exchange against London is enor- mous —18 per cent. discount from the par value of the gold in bank, good draughts on England having been negotiated yesterday at 92 per cent. One house has been compelled to accept 4 per cent. on a draught on the North where the rate was usually from ¼ per cent. to ½ per cent. There is some fear that the police force will be completely broken up, and the ima- gination refuses to guess at the result. The city schools will probably be closed — alto- gether, things do not look well at New Orleans. When all their present difficulties are over, a struggle between the mob and the oligarchy, or these who have no property and those who have, is inevitable ; for one of the first acts of the legislature will probably be directed to establish some sort of qualification for the right of suffrage, relying on the force which will be at their disposal on the close of the war. As at New York, so at New Orleans. Universal suffrage is denounced as a curse, as corruption legalized, confiscation or- ganized. As I sat in a well furnished club-room last night, listening to a most respectable, well- educated, intelligent gentleman, descanting on the practices of “ The Thugs”—an organized band, who coolly and deliberately committed murder for the purpose of intimidating Irish and German voters, and were only put down by a Vigilance Committee, of which he was a member — I had almost to pinch myself to see that I was not the victim of a horrid nightmare. Monday, May 27. The Washington Artillery went off to-day to the wars — quo fas et gloria ducunt ; but I saw a good many of them in the streets after the body had departed — spirits who were disem- bodied. Their uniform is very becoming, not unlike that of our own foot artillery, and they have one battery of guns in good order. I looked in vain for any account of Mr. Bibb’s little affair yesterday in the papers. Per- haps, as he is so very respectable, there will not be any reference to it at all. Indeed, in some conversation on the subject last night it was admitted that when men were very rich they might find judges and jurymen as tender as Danae and policemen as permeable as the walls of her dungeon. The whole question now in, “ What will be done with the blockade ?” The Confede- rate authorities are acting with a high hand. An American vessel, the Ariel, which had cleared out of port with British subjects on board, has been overtaken, captured, and her crew have been put in prison. The round is, that she is owned in main by black republicans. The British subjects have received protection from the Consul. Prizes have been made within a league of shore, and in one instance, when the captain protested, his ship was taken out to sea, and was then recaptured formally. I went round to several merchants to- day ; they were all gloomy and fierce. In fact, the blockade of Mobile is announced, and that of New Orleans has commenced, and men-of war have been reported off the Pas-à-l’outre. The South is beginning to feel that it is being bottled up all fermenting and frothing, and is somewhat surprised and angry at the natural results of its own acts, or, at least, of the proceedings which have brought about a state of war. Mr. Slidell did not seem to be at all contented with the telegrams from the North, and confessed that “ if they had been received by way of Mont- gomery he should be alarmed.” The names of persons liable for military service have been taken down in several districts, and British subjects have been included. Several applications have been made to Mr. Mure, the consul, to interfere in behalf of men who, having enlisted, are now under orders to march, and who must leave their families destitute if they go away ; but he has, of course, no power to exercise any influence in such cases. The English journals to the 4th of May have arrived here to- day. It is curious to see how quaint in their absurdity the telegrams become when they have reached the age of three weeks. I am in the hopeless position of knowing, without being able to remedy the evils from this source, for there is no means of sending through to New York politi- cal information of any sort by telegraph. The electric fluid may be the means of blasting and blighting many reputations, as there can be no doubt the revelations which the Government at Washington will be able to obtain through the files of the despatches it has seized at the various offices will compromise some whose views have re- cently undergone remarkable changes. It is a hint which may not be lost on Governments in Europe when it is desirable to know friends and foes hereafter, and despotic rulers will not be slow to take a hint from “ the land of liberty.” Orders have been issued by the Governor to the tow boats to take out the English vessels by the south-west passage, and it is probable they will all get through without any interruption on the part of the blockading force. It may be imagined that the owners and consignees of cargoes from England, China, and India, which are on their way here, are not at all easy in their minds. Two of the Washington Artillery died in the train on their way to that undefinable region called “ the seat of war.” May 28. The Southern States have already received the assistance of several thousands of savages, or red men, and the “ warriors” are actually engaged in pursuing the United States’ troops in Texas, in conjunction with the State Volunteers. A few days ago a deputation of the chiefs of the Five Nations, Creeks, Choctaws, Seminoles, Coman- ches, and others passed through New Orleans, on their way to Montgomery, where they hoped to enter into terms with the Government for the transfer of their pension-list and other responsi- bilities from Washington, and to make such ar rangements for their property and their rights as would justify them in committing their fortunes to the issue of war. These tribes can turn out 20,000 warriors, scalping-knives, tomahawks, and all. The chiefs and principal men are all slave- holders. May 29. A new “ affair” occurred this afternoon. The servants of the house in which I am staying were alarmed by violent screams in a house in the ad- joining street, and by the discharge of firearms — an occurrence which, like the cry of “ murder” in the streets of Havannah, clears the streets of all wayfarers if they be wise, and do not wish to stop stray bullets. The cause is thus stated in the journals :— “ SAD FAMILY AFFRAY.—Last evening, at the residence of Mr. A. P. Withers, in Nayades- street, near Thalia. Mr. Withers shot and dan- gerously wounded his stepson, Mr. A. F. W. Mather. As the police tell it, the nature of the affair was this :— The two men were in the par- lour, and talking about the Washington Artillery, which left on Monday for Virginia. Mather denounced the artillerists in strong language, and his stepfather denied what he said. Violent lan- guage followed, and (as Withers says) Mather drew a pistol and shot at him once, not hitting him. He snatched up a Sharp’s revolver that was lying near, and fired four times at his step- son. The latter fell at the third fire, and as he was falling Withers fired a fourth time, the bullet wounding the hand of Mrs. Withers, wife of one and mother of the other, she having rushed in to interfere, and she being the only witness of the tffnir. Withers immediately went out into the street, and voluntarily surrendered himself to offi- cer Casson, the first officer he met. He was locked up. Three of his shots hit Mather, two of them in the breast. Last night Mather was not ex- pected to live.” Another difficulty is connected with the free coloured people who may be found in prize ships. Read, and judge of the conclusion :— “ What shall be done with them ?— On the 28th inst., Captain G. W. Gregor, of the privateer Calhoun, brought to the station of this district about ten negro sailors claiming to be free, found on board of the brigs Panama, John Adams, and Mermaid. “ The recorder sent word to the marshal of the Confederate States that said negroes were at his discretion. The marshal refused to receive them or have anything to do with them, where- upon the recorder gave the following decision :— “ ‘ Though I have no authority to act in this case, I think it is my duty as a magistrate and good citizen to take upon myself, in this critical mo- ment, the responsibility of keeping the prisoners in custody, firmly believing it would not only be bad policy, but a dangerous one, to let them loose upon the community.’ “ The following despatch was sent by the re- corder to the Hon. J. P. Benjamin :— “ ‘ New Orleans, May 29. “ ‘ To J. P. Benjamin, Richmond. “ ‘ Sir, —Ten free negroes, taken by a pri- vateer from on board three vessels returning to Boston, from a whaling voyage, have been de- livered to me. The marshal refuses to take charge of them. What shall I do with them ? “ ‘ Respectfully, A. BLACHE, “ ‘ Recorder, Second District.’ ” The monthly statement I enclose of the con- dition of the New Orleans banks on the 25th inst. must be regarded as a more satisfactory exhibit to their depositors and shareholders, though of no greater benefit to the commercial community in this its hour of need than the tempting show of a pastrycook’s window to the famished street poor. These institutions show assets estimated at 54,000,000dol., of which 20,000,000dol. are in specie and sterling exchange, to meet 25,000,000dol. of liabilities, or more than two for one. But, with this apparent am- plitude of resources, the New Orleans banks are at a deadlock, affording no discounts and buying no exchange — the latter usually their greatest source of profit in a mart which ships so largely of cotton, sugar, and fleur, and the commercial movement of which for not over nine months of the year is the second in magnitude among the cities of the old Union. As an instance of the caution of their pro- ceedings I have only to state that a gentleman of wealth and the highest respectability, who needed a day or two since some money for the expenses of an unexpected journey, was com- pelled, in order to borrow of these banks the sum of 1,500dol., to hypothecate, as security for his bill at sixty days’, 10,000dol. of bonds of the Confederate States, and for which a month ago he paid par in coin, a circumstance which reflects more credit upon the prudence of the banks than upon the security pledged for this loan. 