.!: ... -.O THE IN IKRPWßTKJJ, v ~- -* -A TALB OF THE CRIMEAN WAH, - .i -. i :¡ : ? BT-«, i- WHTTi M ELT IIA«. ; ,b i J . > ,= CHAPTER XXVI. ' ,<;.-,! ' ? A- . .lUBVII(,tÁVCB:." * T DID not question my friend OB to bil SUCCMB in the che .Victor wa» evidently ill nt ease, ond after a few como * place remarks returned to Iiis apartments, frcm wheno ' did' not' reappear till dinner-time Valeria, too, l! nowhere to be found, and I spent the afternoon ia the « *jwith' a'-stránge visitor, who' was rmnoünced by the grooi .uÜxé chambers as Monsieur Stein, and whose btuine: -Edeldorf I confesa I was at a loss to discover. * .. ? The time passed agreeably enough- I vraa indisposed ' reflection, a'process which, oi.der existing cireumstar r could only hnvo involved mo in a labyrinth of perplexit ' and rny bèw acquaintance, was possessed of a fund of ' ormatiqn and email-talk which must have boen acquire* 1 Tanoh intercourse with tho world. .'; He: seemed perfectly fumiliar with English habits ' English politics, professing great admiration for the' ' ama 'interest in the other. He bcd served too, he s ' although I did not moko out exactly in what grade ; i altogether Be was evidently a man ol' varied experience i " considerable acquirements. ' ¡ ' ? Silent as Í naturally am, and especially- reserved 'w .' strangers, there was something about my new ac'qnainta: . that led rae to bo communicative in spite of myself. 1 ' wholo address and exterior was BO thoroughly confidentit ' his manner so easy and unaffected ¡ there was BO much gc humour and tonhommir in his quiet smile and subui ' enunciation, that I found myself almost unconsciously < tailing events and imparting information with a facility which I should have once thought I was incapable. Mt . sieor Stein listened, rind bowed, and smiled, and put ii . Blight query here,' or hazarded an observation there, whi proved that he too was well acquainted with the topics . which^I was enlarging ; nor did be fail to compliment i on the lucid manner in which lie was good enough to sai . had.explained to him tho whole system of Turkish polit! and. the relations pf that tottering country with our ow ' As we went to make our toilcttei before dinner, I could n ' help asking my friend, tho croom of the oliamheni, who , ann assisted mo upstairs (nh ! it was Valerie's the nig I before ! ('who ho WOB, this Monsieur Stein, who had arriv sounexpectedly, and .lmd not yet aeon the Count,?' Tl , man's face assumed a comical expression of mingled torr andjüsgust ai ho professed an utter ignorance of the guee '-but when I added an inquiry as to wnother he was a i'rici of Count Victor, Iiis disclaimer was for more vigoro than,tba occasion scorned to demand. ' Well,' thought 1,1 . abai) know^11 about it from Valerie this evening ¡' at '. proceeded with my, toilette- shall I confeas it?-with mo . .painaihan J had ever taken in my life before. But when we met at dinner a chill seemed to havo falk . on our party, hitherto so morry and vivacious. Victor, thong polibs, and courteous os over, was reserved, absent, and ont < spirits.' Valerie turned red nnd jwhite bv turns, anBwon . only by monosyllables, and never (ince allowed her oyes : ' wanderin my direction. I, loo, felt ead and preoccupio 'll^' ootning departure seemed to éàst a. damp over ri . spirits ¡ and yet when I thought of Valerie's unoonceali r. regret., and frank avowal of interest in my future, my bea leapt, sei I,!} a strangoy sturUing, thrill, half of.pleaaur . half of pain. Monsieur Stein, however, appeared to Baili \- from none .of- those uncomfortable sensations. He ato, 1 -, drank,.ho talked, ho m odo the agreeable, and amidst it a . ha seemed to. noto with a lynx-ore tho gorgeous furnitur ?j the glittering plate, the host of'servants attired in the . gandy huisar uniform«, the choice wine, and, excelle! \- , oookery, for which,the meringe of Edeldorf bad always bee , remarkable.^ -In-.tho. brilliant light that shed its glare ovc tba dinmg-.table I was ahloto examine my .new aoquaintanc >x-inore minutely Dian I had- previously done before we wei <> to, dress. He seemed tome, without exception,, the. leal /-remarkable mnn I bad ever mot. .He was neither youn; \- nor old,, neither dark nor fair,: neither short nor tall, sloe ? mor thin; his dress, that of a civilian, waa plain and un i atudied in,tko extremo i;h!s demeanour, quiet and iinaflVoted waa in admirahlo keeping with bia whole exterior.; Trier , was nqthing military about tho.man.«ave a olosely-olippci and carefully-trained moustache ; but thia warlike appendagi .¡., : was attain contradicted by a Blight stoop, and a somowha ;M ? hesitating gait, by no moans »hat of a soldier. -His eye, too VSA-of a cold,-oeail groy, with light eyelashes, wai soft ant <'sleepy. Once 1 fancird I caught a lightning glaqco directe* .? at Valerie ¡ bot the orbs wero »o quickly veiled by theil . drooping lids that I could not.be satisfied it was more thar , a trick of my own imagination. Altogether M. Stein waa t ' , man that in England would have been described emphatically ros, 'very Rontlemanliko,', for want of any .more ohnrao ? teristic qualifications ; in. Franco ho would bave bean passed .over as an undoraonstintive cipher ¡ my friends the Turki would havo conferred n. silent approval on bis quiet, un .namming demeanour. Why waa it that in Hungary bit '.Tiressnoo sbou'd act as what' we. dall at home 'awol '.bb.nk.et?' .Dinner progressed slowly.' Monsieur Stein addressed ,-himself chloRy to Count do. Boban; and I could nothelf . remarking that tho latter's answers to his guest were j marked by a caution and reserve totally foreign to bia usual , etraightforward manner and oiT-band way of saying what ?f ever carno uppermost. His air gave mo' the idea oi a men who!was determined not to bo pumped. Be drank loss wino ! also than usnnl ; and altogether was certainly not athis ,ease. : Valerie, foo, whonover abe raised her eyes from tbe ;,tablecloth, glanced uneasily towards Monaieur Stoin ¡ and "when 1 made a casual romnrk to her answered io ab ; aontly and stiffly ns to cnuso me for my part to feel uncom- fortable, and dc trop in this small ill-organized party. It |. was a relief to all of us when cottee made ita appearance, , and tho newly arrived guest, giving his band io Valerie with -, 8 courtly bow", led her baok to tho drawing-room, whilst I , followed with Victor, and took tho opportunity of whispering to my old friend, in English, . . 'Who is this gentleman, Viator, that seams to know a , little of everything and everybody, and whoso thirst for in- formation seems so unquenchable?' ," 'Hash!" replied 'Victor, with an uneasy look at tho . couple in front of us ; ' he Bpeaks English as well aa you ;. dv though I dnro ray bo told you not. My dear Vere, for ,. Heavon's sake to-night sit still and hold your tongue !' At this instant Valerie turned round, and addressed eotno ?- trifling observation to lier brother, but with a warning ex , pression of oountonnuno that seemed to tell him ho bad .. been overheard. Tho next moment wo wero seated round ! her work-tablo, chatting as gally upon tho merits of her embroidery as though wo wero all tho most Intimate friends . in the world. Certainly ladles'work promotes conversation of the most harmless and least suspicious descrlptiou ; and , X think it would indeed hnvo beon dlfucult to affix a definite , meaning to the lomarks made hy unv ono of us on tho in . tricocies of Countess Valerie's stitching, ortho skill dis , played hy that.lady in her graceful and fomlniho employ -, mont. Tho, ovoning dragged on. Monsieur Stein ' conversed .freely on tho stnto of the country, tho condition of .tbo ''peasantry, tho plans of tho Govornmont, and a projected railroad, for'tho construction of which ho did not seom . to think lt posslblo tho Austrian exchequer would over I be able'to poy. Victor llstoned. nnd scarcoly spoko ; . Valerie seemed interested in tho railway, and dotorminod to ' pursue that subjeot as'long as possible ; whilst I Bat, rut of splrlti, and, truth to toll, out of humour, a silent observer of . au throo: f wns doprived of my habitual occupations, and missed the caro and interest to 'which I waa aoonstnmod as an Invalid. Valerio dbl not mako my ten for mo os usual, ' nor explain to mo, for tho hundredth time, the cunning splendour of ber embroidery, nor ask my assistance in the thousand trilling ways with willoh a woman makes von fanoyyou aro essentinl to bor cjinfort i and I wan childish enough to feol sail, if not n lilt lo aulky, in consequence At ' lott f lost patiouce, and throwing dowr abruptly tho paper which I bad boen reading, 1 asked Countosa Valerio to ' glvo , ns a llttlo musio,' adding in perfeot innocence, 'do play that beautiful march out of "Tho Hotiijidy"- it ls so inspiriting . atid BO thoroughly national 1' If n shell lind tallon into tho room, and oommonoed its j whizzing operations miller Valerie's work-table, lt could not havo crooteil greater consternation than did my vory natural I reqnoat. Tho Countess turnod deadly palo, and nor hand '. trembled so that sho could scarcoly hold hor noedlo. Victor . roao from lils choir willi n tromondoui oath, and walking off ' to tho firo- placo (for lin was sufficiently an Englishman to ' prefer o «rato to a si ovo), comnionced stirring an already huge tiro with inuoli unnecessary energy, talking tho wholo time as if to drown mv unlucky observation. Monster Stein .' flashed ono of bis lightning glanoes-thom was no mis- taking it this limo -upon tho wholo of us, and then relapsed . into ills previous composure ¡ whilst I folt that I had com- mitted some unpardonable gaucherie, but could not, for tba , lifo of mo, discover how or why. It was hopoloss that evening to mako any moro attompts . at conversation. Even tho guest seemed to think bo had \- exerted himself snlliciontly, and ot an oarllor hoar than > , usual wo retired tor tho night. Whon I como down next ? morning, ho was gono. Vlotor did not appear nt breakfast, and Vn'o io's oxiuici ? for "bor brother woro delivered with a dogroo of roatraitit abd ' ?' formality wbioh mado mo fool vory uncomfortable \- 'Victor was busy,' abo said, ' willi tho steward and tbo 1 land-lgont. He had a great doal lo da ; ho would liol ho at ' - leisure for hours, but ho would soe mo lioforo bo atarttd on : "Wa Journey.' ? ,i '.fournoy I* anld I¡ ' what jonrnoy docs ho mean to tako add a hat is nil tills mystery and confusion ? Pardon rae, , Oountosi V J .ilo, I am a straightforward man, Vlotor ia tny , s oldest frlond, and I do claim to be In tho secret, if I can bo pf any asslttanoo or comfort lo you In anything.' ' Sha looked at mo onoe more with tho frank, oondding look that reminded mo so of another ; and putting her hand la . mine, she said 'I know wo can trust you ; now I ban trust yon. Violor . Uoomnromf«e(f,*bomu«tffo lw Vloqn» to olear himself. Ha ba* yesterday reoeived . bini tbat amount* Indeed order. We ara not eran free to lira on our own landi added, bitterly, abd witblhe ¿ld gleam of defiance fla over ber feat area, « tba prondeit noble in Hungary ii «rf after all,' -. * 'And Moniieur.Stein'P I asked, for I waa beginn! penetrate tbe mystery. .;. , '7a an" agent of police,' she replied, ' and one of tbe ole in the Emperors service. Did you remark how ci» were forced, to, bo to bim? Did yon net notice Vi constrained and uncomfortable.manner? L Whilst h mained, that roan was, our master- that low-born Bp; 'master. 1. This'is what wo lavo"comö to.. His mlssio' nndorstood plainly enough by both of IIB. - Ile carno w hint from the . Emperor that we were very remiss i attendance at Court'¡'.tbat his Tmperial'Majesty valne loyalty too much to doubt ifs sincerity'- and ílíat ii i be better, 'all things corisiâerrd, if we wero' to span winter at y{onnii., Also, ' I doubt riot,' information wi quired as to what our ÇnL'Hsh friend, waa nbput ; .arid it is report«d^nB reported it will be -tbat bis m asi cal loads him to- admire "tho march' of the .HoiiiJ: wby_ we elialí ..probably, bs put/unde.'', ".snrveljlt for six months, and be obliged to reside in the capital year or two; till Wo havo got thoroii'ghly Austrianired, ? wo sholl return, h'ere,'feeling aw 'degradation more'bit than over.' - ?. ".. ? ? ?--..» - ,' , ; ' And why maj. I not consult my own taste in miisio inquired; «or what is. there so deadly'in thatbeoi marah which you play with suoh brilliancy and spirit ?' Valarie laughed. ? . . ,.....> 'Doyon not kno*,'" Said shei'.'thát' the Hohijadys nearly connected with, our ancestors - that the, De Sol originally Norman, only became Hungarian, through j alliance with,that princely family-a race who Trere n found wonting when it was, necesaary to assert the inde dence of tteir'oountry ? It was a Honijady that : rolled1 Turks back frota the very gates'of Vienna.' - It was a H jody that first resisted tho oppression of Austrian despot ' It was a Honijndy that shed the last drop of noble "Wood t in our late straggle for independence. Tho ilnestofonrop is founded on tue history of .this,,'devoted 'family, and Honijady marah, is the very gathering dino of alf weal the iron yoke under which wo groan.' Only look at the 'fi of a Hungarian audience as,ilioy, listen toits forbidden' ti -for it mnst now only bo ployed, in ' sceret-fand you, comprehend why, ol' all'the- airs that ever were- ci posed, the last you should have asked for ¡ti the present Monsieur Stein, waa the marah, in," -Tho Uonijady." ' ; ' I do truly regret my indiscretion,' was my .reply ?;.'-' if Rioter Is compelled to go to Vienna, I shall certainly company him. It is not my pVactice to'abandonna frit and such a friend, in his distress. Though I can be of li use, my presence may bo 'some comfort and amusement him ;, besides, tile vory foot of. my proceeding Btraight i the lion's mouth will «how that 1 have not been staying,li with any other ulterior views.' ' . ??. . 'You are, indeed, true aà steel,' replied Valerie,, wil frank, honest smile, that went straight to roy heart, . ' will all start togo th cr thia very afternoon ; and I om ghu at ltast it is far botter-tbat you should not.bo parted fr your nurse till jon aro quite strong again.'" Your prese will be of great comfort io my.brother,, who is. Valerio hesitated, blushed up to her forehead,'and adi abruptly, 'Mr. Egorton, have jon nöt remarked any, difl ence in Viotor lately ?* - , . ' '.... , ... p .' . I replied tbat 'I thought bis spirits were loss mercm than formerly,' but that probably he bad tho anticipât of yesterday's domiciliary .visit, hanging over .him, wh would afc OB co account; for any amountof discontents depression ' .', , .,' v..' .'. ' 'No, it is not that,' answered Volerio, with increaai embarrassment. ' It is. worse even than,that.' , My pt Viotor! I know bim so well-I Jove liiru so knuob !.o he is breaking his noble heart for one who Is -totally ti worthy of bim. if there is one being on earth that I ht l and despise more tbau another, it is> coquette',' added t girl, with flashing eyes ; '.a woman who. is so watitíng' ' womanly'pride'as to lay horselt out for admiration - BO lal to lier own naturo aa to dospi'e it when It hs won.' - ' All women like admiration,' I ventured, tb interpose ve humbly, for it struck . me that the young Conntess,beroi was In this respect no abnormal variety of her species ; ' at I conclude that'in" this, as in everything ela*, difllcul enhances tho pleasure* of Buccesa ' . She darted a reproachful look at' mo from under ber dai eyelashes, but elie bad her Bay ont notwithstanding. 'No woman,' she exclaimed, ' has aright, any more than man, to trifle with tho affections of another. Why shou any ono human being, for the sake of an liour'a atnasemen or tho Gratification of a mere. passing vanity,, inflict c another the greatest pain mortal heart can stifler? Ye would be thought a monster so to tortoro the body-, an ore not the pangs of the' soul .infinitely worse to bear Not I repeat it, she boa deceived my brother with IK silver accents and her false, false smiles ¡ she is torturin tho noblest, truest, kindest heart that over brave man ber and I bato liar fer it with a deadly, quenchless hatred I'.. I never found Valorie BO charming as when shot hi played the termagant. There was soniotiiing so piquant in lier wild, reckless manner on these occasions-in tb flash of ber bright eyer, tho play of hor chiselled feature) and the attitude of her lithe, graceful figure, when she soi she hated, that I could have found it in my heart to mak her say she hated me rather than not hear tho well-know; wont. I repliod accordingly, rather mischievously, I own 'Do you not think, Valet ie, you aro throwing away a groa deal of Indignation unnecessarily ? Men are not so sonsitiv. as you Beera to think. Wo do not brook our hearts vcr readily, I assure yon ; and even when we do, wo mend then again nearly as good os new. Besides, the roat of you taki compassion on ns when we aro ill-treated by one. Tho' console us, and wo accept their consolation. If the rose ii not in bloom, what shall prevent us from gathering titi violet?' Decidedly, Countess Valerio, we ore more philoso- phers than you.' ' You do not know Victor, if you say so,' she burst forth 'You do not think as you speak, iou aro a dishonosi reasoner, and yon try to impose upon me I I toll you, yoi aro tho last man in the world to cold such opinions. Yoi are wrong, and you know you aro wrong, and you only Bpral thu« to provoke mo. I jndgo of others by myself. I boliov« that all of ns aro moro or loss alike, and 1 know that I coule never forgive such an injury. Wost I to bo lcd on day bj day, to feel if not to conloes a preference, to find it bit bj blt eating into one's being, till at length ono belongs nc longer to oneself, but knows one's whole existence to bi wrapped ap in another, and then at tho last moment to dis; cover that ono has been deceived ! tbat one bas been giving gold for silver J tbat tbo world is empty, and the heart foi everl I know what I should do.' 'What would yon do?' 'asked, half amused ard-boll alarrred at ber excited gestures. ' Toko a Do Italian's revenge, if -1 brok o my heart Sar il the next instant,' sbo replied : and then, as if ashamed ol ber enthusiasm, and tbo passion into whleh she bad very unnecessarily put hersolf, rushed from tho room. « What a dangerous lady to havo anything to do with.* 1 remarked to Bold, as ho rose from tho heaithtug, with n stretch and a yawn. ' Well, old dog, so you and I are bound fur Vienna this afternoon; I wonder what will come of itali?' \- Yet thero was a certain pleasant excitement about my position, too. It wns evident that Valorie took moro than a common Interest in her brother's Mond. Her temper had become vory varlablo of late; and I bad remarked that n]though,nntiltho sconoin tho garden,sho bad novor shunned my society, she lind often appeared provokod at any expression of opinion whioh I ohancod to hazard contrary to ber own. Mio had also of Into been constantly absent, destraitt, and preooc'tplcd, sometimes causelosily satirical, bitter, and even rudo in lier romarka. What could lt all mean f was I play- ing with odged tools'? It might be so. -Nevermind, nevor mind, Bold ; anything, anything for oici'.ement and forget- fulness of the days gono by. 'CHAPTER XXVIL GHOSTS OF TUB FAST. Everyone has heard of the gentleman who wont to spend a fortlinlght at Vienna in. tbe primo of bl« youtb, and died there at a ripe old ago, having nover afterwards boen beyond the walls of tbo town. Though' the cl ima to Is allowed to be detestable, tho heat of summer being aggravated by a paucity of shade ond a superabundance of dust, whilst the rigorous cold of winter in onhansod by tho absence' of Pro- píneos and tho scarcity of fuel ; though the streets aro narrow and tho oarria'ges Humorous, tho hotels always full and the shops very dear ,- though tho pollro is strict and ofliolous to n decree, and its regulations tyrannical in tho extremo,- though ovcry house, privato as wo)I as public, must bo cloned at tan o'olock, and a ball-giver or Indy who ' reçoives' must havo a special permistión from tho Govern- ment,-yet, with nlltliosodrawhaoks, no city In tho world, not even lively Taris itself, Bccms so popular with ploaaure seekers as Vienna.. There is a goiotv In tho very air of tho town .-. n smiling, prospérons good-uinnpur vlsiblo on tho countenances of its inhabitants, a 'picturesque beauty in tho houses, a splendid comfort in tho shops, and n tasto and rongniflconco in tho publio building', which form a most attractive tout ensemble. Then you load it pleasant, cheerful, do-nothing sort of Ufo i you linvo yoor oolloo in bed, whero you con also rend n novel in ported comfort, for dorman bods have no otirtains to Intercept tho morning light, or in ak o a bonfire of tho nooturnal student. You perform nn olaborato follett*' are not Vienna glove« tho only good fits in tho world ?}, and you breakfast about noaa in tho anion of some luxurious hotel, whoroyoii may sit iwradvotituro botwoen an Austrian Field-Marshal, deooratod with a donen or so of ordor*, and a Polish boAiity, whp conn ts captives hy tho hundred, and breaks heurta by tho sobro. Neither will think il necessary to avoid your neighbourhood as If you had confluent small-pox, and your eye ns if you were a basilisk, simply becauso yon havo not nod tho advantago'of their previous Acquaintance. On Mio contrary, Bbould tho eqarUém of. Of tabla or II; chine* ooo arreo ec lead ya Latani » remark, ron will find tba warrior mild and bani lent, tba beauty frank and unaffected. Even should wrap yourself up in your truly British . marve, they < sainte you when they depart; and people may say w they will about. tba humbug and insincerity, of mere pol ness, butthero can be no doubt that such graceful ameni help to oil tba wheels of life. Then if you like to wi have yon not the Prater, with its fine old trees and mag fieent red doer, and its endless range of woodland scene rominding your of your own Windsor forest at home ; rou wish to drive, there is much beautiful -country in immediate vicinity of the town, or would you pefer a qi abat in the friendly intimacy of a morning visit, the vi nose ladies are tho most conversational ana the most host able in tho world. " Then you dino at half-past five, beca tho opera, begins nt seven, and with such a band who wo miss* the overture ? Again you enter a brilliant, wi lighted apartment, gay with well-dressed women and A tnan-'officcrs in their handsome uniforms, all full of poli ness, ¿Oíí/iommi-, and 'real kindness towards a strang ."Perhaps you occupy tho next table to Meyerbeer, and j aro moro resolved than ever not to be too late. At sei yrou enjoy tho harmony bf the blessed, at a moderate out tEat would hardly pay for your entrance half-price to a fa in à London theatre, mid at ton o'clock your day is. ov anal you'may seek your couch. ? ?. I confess" I liked Vienna very much. My intima with Victor gave me at onco an introduction into Booie and my old acquaintance, with the. German langnaj j made ' mo feel thoroughly nt homo amongst thi frank ai.d warm-hearted people. It has always appear to rad that tbero is moro homely kindliness, more ¡tea and less straining nf tor effect In German society than in a other with which I am acquainted.' Peoplo are leas artifio in Vienna than in Paris or in London, better satisfied to taken for what they really ore, and not what they wish he, moro tolerant ot strangers, and leas oooupied about thei selves; i . I spenii my days very happily. Victor had recovered 1 spirits, these constitutional good spirits that in the yom it requires BO much suffering to damp, that once lost nev retara again. Valerie was charming as ever, it may be little more reserved than formerly, Tmt all the morekil and considerate on that account ; then when I wearied society and lodged for solltudo and the indulgence of n own-reflections, could I not pace those glorious galleries' ancient art, and feast my oyes upon tue masterpieces Itabens or Franoeschini, in the hotel Liechtenstein and tl Belvedere?" My lather's blood ron-in ray veins, ai although I had always lacked execution to become a painU keenly and dearly could I appreciate the excellencies of tl divine art. . Ah f those Bubenses, I can seo them now ! tl glorious athletic proportions of tho mon, heroes and chao pions every ono ; tho soft, sensuous beauty of the women, nono of' your angels, or goddesses, or' idealities, bot, betti still, warm, breathing, loving, palpable woroon, the energ of action, the majesty of repose, tho drawing, tho colonrini brit above all the honest manly sentiment thatprevadi every*' picture. ' Tho direct intention 10 truthful! carried ont to bid the human form- and the'hitman fat express the passions and tho feelings of tba haman heart, could look at them for hours; Valerio used to laugh at me for what she called my ne passion-my devotion to art; the goddess whom I badi neglected In'my childhood, when with my father'a assistant I might have wooed and' won from her some scraps 1 favour and Encouragement. One morning I prevailed o Victor and '. his sister to accompany me to the Hoti LiechteDs'cin, there to icapect for ike hundredth tim what the Countess termed my « last and fatal attachment a Venns and Andonis of ?Franceschini, befoi which I coald have spent many a long day, quenching tl 'thirst of the eye. It was in roy opinion Iberehef douvre c the master 7 and yet, taking hi as a whole, there was n doubt it wa» far from a faultlessly- painted' picture. Th Adonis appeared to me stiflly and unskilfully drawn, as li lay stretched; in slumber, with his.leash or Hounds, undia ttirbed by tho nymphs peering ot him from-behind a tree, o the fat golden-headed Cupids playing on the tur? at his feet All this/part oft the picturo I fancied cold and1 hard ; but i 'waa the Venus herself that seemed) to me t he impersonatioi of womanly beauty and womanly love. Kmorging ; from 1 aloud, with her ' bltto draperies defining the rounded sym metry of her form, and leaving one exquisito foot bare, shi is casing on' thc prostrate hnnter with an expression of on Breakable- tenderness and solf-abandonment, suoli BS comei but onco in a lifetime over a woman's- face. One drooping band carelessly'lets- na arrow Blip through its Queers, thi other, fondling a rosy Cupid on ber knee, presses- liis-cheol against ber own, as tlisngh the love overflowing at lief hear! must needs find relief) in the caresses of her child. . ' It ia my favourite picture of all I ever saw, except, one, I remarked to my two companions as wa stopped tb examine ita morita 1 I to point out ita beauties, they maliciously tc ennmerato its defects. ' And that other V asUcd Valerie; with ber quick, sharp glance. . . . ' Is one you never saw,» was myreply, aa I' thought of 'the Dido' in trio old dining-room At Beverley. ' ' It is an Italian painting, with many faults, and probably you would' not admire it os muoh as I do.? , Valerie was not listening; her attention-was Axed' on a party ol'stranger* at the otberend rf the room* ' lenci, cs ¡ont de» Anglait,' said Bile- with that intuitive porceptionof an islander which Beoms born in all continental- nations. I know it before she spoke. The party stopped and 'turned round - two gontlemon and adady. 1 only tam her ; of all tho faces, animate and inanimate, that looked downward with smiles, or upward with admiration,, in that-crowded gallory, there was hut one to mo, and that one was Con-' Btanco Beverley. . I havea contused recollection of much hand-Bhaking andi ' How-do-you-do's ?? and many expressions oP wonder at our meeting there, of all plaos* in tho world,, whioh did noir strike moas M very extraordinary af tor all. And Valerie was so enchanted to make Miss Beverley's- acquaintance ; she had heard so much of her from Viotor.'and it was sc delightful they should all bo together in Viot.na juBt at this gay timo ; and was as affbotionato and demonstrative as woman always is with hep Bister ; and ab tho samo>time scanned ber with a comprehensivo glance, whioh seemed to take in at once tbo charma of mind and body, tho graces of natura and art,, that constituted : the weapons- of har com- petitor. -For women are alwayB moro or loss rivals ; andi with alt her keenness of afibotions and natural softness-oft disposition, thoro is an unerring inatinot implanted in the breast of every one of the gontler Ber, wMoh toaohos her that her normal atate is one of warfare with.her kind-that 'har hand ia against every woman, and. every Womans hand against her.''' | ' I dared, not look in Misa- Beverley's face as I shook her hand ; I fancied ber vo'ce was harder than it used to bo. ß was sure her manner to me was ns cold os-tho merest forms of politeness would admit. Sbo took Victor*« arm, however,, with an air of empreuement very foreign to the reservo, whioh I remembered waa. so distingu'shing a characteristic in lier doacpnour.-1 heard ber laughings at bia remarks, ami recalling- to him iconos in London and elsowhero, which, seemed to afford groat amusement to themselves alone. Even Itopiloy looked graver than usual, but masked his astonishment, or whatever.lb was, undor a great show of civility to Valerio, who received bis attontions, as abe did thoso of.ovory Btrftnger,. with a degree of pleasure whieh lt was not in her nature to conceal, fir I larry fell to my share, and I havo-a vague recollection of his being more than over patronising and paternal, and full ot good ndviooond good «labes; but th» treasures of hit wisdom and bis- -little worldly sarcasms wore wasted on a sadly heedless car. ' .1 1 ' I put-bira into bis carrissa, where e*« was already seated. I ventured on one stolen look at the face that had been in my dreams, sleeping and waking, for many a long day. lt waa pale «nd'sad;' but there wai a hard, fixed expression that I did not "recognise, and Bhe never allowed her ejes to meet mine. . . . . . . .. ? 1 ? '' How cold the'snowV streets looked, and tba dull grey sky, as wo walked homo to our hotel-Viotor and ltopsley on oithor side of Valerie, whilst I followed, soberly and silently, in the rear.. , ..... (7V> 6a continued.) > Oim COTTON LORDS.-To obtain some notion -of tho wèatth and itnportauco ol Ibo "ootton lord»" of the nineteenth century, let ns panao for a moment and aurvoy tho area of faotorloa spreading over so wide,a snrfsoa ol tho oounty of Lancashire. Tho (Matriel im- mediately around Manohoiter oontalna 200 of these town-like workshops, each of tho better olata of wbiob ooata noires than £100,000,uplifting tbeir tall obimnays in neighbouring; towns and villages of tho same bu«y looallly. Within tho parochial bounds of tho town of Polton wo can count some 70; tb» parish of Bury fur niabea 180 moro ; at Itoohdalo wo reckon 100; in Old bam 1'arlbh about twioe as many; Ashton snpplioH up»ard* of 70; and Stanloy Bridgo, takon willi Hyde, moro than 00; all of which places aro tdtuatod within half a score of miles of. tbeir common metropolitan ontre. Tb I ti makoo altogether a loal of about ISO In faotorlcs, nnd theieforo nearly as much in hundreds of thousands of . poundB, Nor does this computation ixheuut tho nubjeol, for If wo extand tbo ranga of our olrcumnpootion over olbor dislriotw still watorod by tho Mersoy and ? IIB tributarlos, wo. shell find groups nnJ groupa lu thlok abnndanoo whorovor we ,glance, without divorting our attention.to thoso other important cotton' establishments whiali havo enriched and invigorated largs portious of Yorkahiro, Derbyshire, and tho neigh- bourhood of Glasgow. Tho pmount of oap Ital embnikdd In ootton indnatry, in Knglond only, baa boen. OBt.'mated, in tbo yeer 1H(J0, al £100.000,000, wh oh, compared with t bo £!to,000,<>00 of 86 ) oar» ago, set vos to glvo Bçme Idea, ?ot only ofttia absolute imm«n»ilj|of the interest Involved, 1 out llkewiao of tba rapidity with which, lt has,attained j its proaout euoimoua growth,-One« a JKrffV. , | I . ? ., . , 1 . .A Do carr UL * OIBTUM~IÍ*T -Bm baeara'a . qnünted «ilbMIaa Catherine Wt loy, tb» daughter of a dtit n. I «alabad barrister, and a relativ* of Bit Willi.rn Welby. I Bart, oM>entor>b*U, UoooJnsbirr. Fagin's poiitiou .rta hardly eneh as td make him a desirable candidate for the hand.of this lady, yet, by bis gentlemanly dc meaaoar and persevering;enif,';he overcame a'l'i tte ol jeotions of her friends, arid tl.ey were eventually inur ried at St. Mary'd CLuroli, Islington).* Of thia lady 'more wiU be said hereafter. She waa posseBsrd of no ordi- nary charms, and known ss " The Belle of'Islington." Isljrgton, bo it remem1 crail, was at that day the head- quarters of tho Itryatiat Emigration. In pror.f of her good looks she was acoustomtd to nillo tue circumstance that onoeat a dinner party, a gentleman sitting next lo her, wilh, whom she had been in close oonversntion, availing himself of ono of those mysterious panses whioh somotimeB ocour at tbe tab)'-, and hoking ber i earnestly in.tho fooe, suddenly exclaimed with animated geseurr, "Madura, how exceedingly'like you are' to the j devil." This ixprèssion cUBcd no small surpriBO amongst'tbe company; but for, from discomposing Mrs. I Pbgin, she gracefully bowed her tbbnkr,' and accepted tbe remark as a compliment to her.pomonal appearance. Familiar 'wilh ihe works of M lton, ' and espeóiái'l) Paradise Lost, she recognized in tho seemingly rudp observation an allusion to tho. fascinating foim of Satan as there. doscrii e i by the. groa t poet.-Recollections pf A.N. Welby Puginànà his Father. . . . . ':~ 