CURRENT TOPICS. THE annual nomination of members of the i Newtown and Chilwcll municipality took place yesterday at tlio Council Chamber, Newtown. Messrs Ulair, M'Mullen, ■..ami Spedding, had the show of hands, and a poll; was demanded by Captain Huddart and Mr W. S. JcnkinB, which commences this morn-' ing at nine o'clock, and closes at four. The meeting yesterday wa3 of a much quieter character than those which ordinarily.take place on the Hill, albeit the old pugnacious spirit evinced more than ouce a disposition to break loose. Yesterday morning, shortly after 4 o'clock, | the fire bell rang out an alarm, when the in-! habitants awakening from their slumbers, and rushing to their doors and windows quickly discovered that it was no false alarm, a bright flame rising to a considerable height in the vicinity of Sellerine-street north. Upon proceeding to the spot we found an uuinhabited three-roomed wooden tenement, nearly at the rear of the Sir Charles Hotham Hotel, in flames. In a very short time the fire engines came thundering to the spot,'and a plentiful supply of water being at liaDd the hose of one of the engines was brought to bear upon the spot, anil succeeded in quench ing the flames which had however nearly reduced the tenement to ashes. The bttildiug was not insured. It ivas of such a valueless character that the owner intended to pull it down to enlarge his garden. Among other sins committed by the rail way officials on the encampment days was the non-announcement iuGcelong that there would be no parade on Tuesday. Yt'hcn the slight drizzling shower commenced on the morning of that day the information that there would he no parade was telegraphed to Melbourne, and the notice was posted over the pay-window at the Spencer-street station, so that when the weather cleared nn pleasure seekers bad fair warning before tlicy paid tlieir money that they would have to depend upon themselves for the means of enjoyment. No such intimation was given J in Geclong, ami several kindreds of knit-1 day folks paid their money and started oif in a lengthy train drawn by two powerful en gines in the most blissful ignorance that they had been sold. The train/row Oolong arrived just as the last of the volunteers I were taking their seats in departing trains. I Of all tho pride, pomp, and circumstance" 1 of glorious war there remained little but a wide-spread carnage of broken bottle?, with here andthcre adisconsolateitincrant vendor of dried up cigars, dust-besprinkled pastry, or bruised apples, mourning over the loss of the day that lie relied upon for clearing out his stock. There were but few bright faces on that broken-up forenoon, and even the volunteers seemed oppressed l>y the convic tion that the campaign was somewhat in gloriously terminated. Another opportunity will shortly he afforded to Mr Ireland to procure admission into the Assembly, as it is understood that Dr Hunter, win; represents East Melbourne, is about to resign his seat ami proceed to Europe for the beuelit of his health, A'i7 desperamluM seems to he. tho motto of Mr Ireland's frictids.J Last evening, for the first time since their incorporation, tho Town Council of (Iceloim held their deliberations beneath gas li-kt.3 the large room in which they have"sat since tho erection of the Hall having been fitted lor the purp .-c j and certainly the change even lrom a doa-m or two of PrieVsHclmonV wa3 so apparent as to draw forth the approbation of all present." A now light having broke upon the Council, it is to bo hoped that its effect will he oirservable iu their proceedings. A return of the number of breweries, and of various business details connected with them, for tho year 1559, has heen issued at the instance of the Honorable 0. IV. Cole. Were were 73 brewer? carrying oij tufyncsj in that year, but only 34, less than one-half, consented to furnish details of their business. The largest brewers were the most rcluctaut to give particulars, so that as a gross return, it is of no value. It may be interesting, however, to kuow what the thirty four were doing. Ileturns were obtained from one brewer in each of the follow ing towns: —Bacchus Marsh, Becchworth, Belfast, Coilingwood, Carisbrook, Castle uiaine, Crestvick, Dtiuolly, Eltham, Geelong, Heathcote, Kyneton, Maryborough, Mel bourne, Portland, and Eushwortk; from two breweries iu each of the followingBack Creek, Ballarat, Dandeuong, Fryer's Creek, Gisbofue, Bicbmond; and from six in Sand hurst.) The quantity of beer made during the year by these breweries was 58,982 hogs heads,5 the quantity of sugar consumed 1076 tons, the quantity of malt 165,759 bushels, and of hops 258,296 lbs. The breweries fur nished employment to 272 men and 111 horses. Sandhurst is tho brewing metro polis of tho colony, more than one-third of the above sums being placed to tho credit of the six breweries flourishing there. The company now playiDg at the Boyal isnndoubtedly,as regards strength and talent, one of the finest ever congregated at one time at any theatre in the colony, and we may at last say that dramatic perfection rules here suprema, And yet, whether it is I that the public exhausted all thair enthu 'siasm-QiL thfi Dons, or what perhaps is far more likely, • arc disposed to regard this as. not positively Mr Brooke's lost appearance certain it is he has not hitherto been ac corded that liberal amount of patronage which bis name over in other places readily commands. He Jast night played Virginias, supported by the talent of Mrs Heir as Vir ginia, "Mr Eobert Heir as Icilius, Mr Sogers as Dentatus, Mr 11, Younge as Appius, and Mr Wright as Lucius, the other characters being cast with excellent taste and judgment as regards the capabili ties of the respective artists. It was a sub lime performance, ,and the accessories were_ iu iaainirablei' Keeping' with • the ■ classical' nature of .the piece. As Virginia, Mrs Heir played with such exquisite grace, tenderness, and feeling, that-the audience were tempted to exhibit too frequently demonstrations of applause that had better been reserved till the close of the act Mr Heir's Icilius, too was a most perfect performance. Of Mr Brooke we can only say that we never saw him play to greater, advantage, and it is to bo hoped that the public will ere his_engage ment draws too nearly to a close, he induced to liberally patronise what is certainly at this moment the most accomplished aud powerful compauy in Victoria. This even ing Mr Brooke plays Pierce O'Hara in the Irish Attorney. Mr David Blair delivered his lecture enti tled "A plea for Ghosts" last night in the Mechanics'Institute. Tliero was a tolerably numerous audience, and the lecture was listened to with great interest. Yesterday, during the sitting of the County Court, Mr Staveley applied to His Honor for the discharge from gaol of Earnin, the man who had been committed the previous day for contempt. Earnin, he stated, was a re spectable farmer on the Barrabool Hills, and being in Court the previous day, heard the name of Trotter mentioned, who had caused him to lose a large sum of money. This gave rise to his excitement' and misconduct in the manner which had been witnessed by His Honor. lie now expressed his regret aud was exceedingly sorry. It had never occurred before, and would never occur _ "n. His Honor said, if an order were drawn up for his release, he would sign it, which having been done, the man was re leased and came into Court, but His Honor declined hearing anything further ton the matter. * ; The sitting of the County Court will be resumed this morning at ten o'clock sharp. Strauge although wo take the trouble day after day to remind parties interested the hour at which the Court will open, there are sure to he a number behind their time as was the case yesterday. The first cause taken this morning will be tbe one assessor cause, followed by causes over £50. During tbe proceedings in the County Court yesterday, a Solicitor cross- examining a plaintiff euquired of him if his, plaintiff's servant,'had not frequently applied to liim for lamps, which would have prevented an accident the cause of the suit.under iuvesti gatiou ; to this plaintiff replied in the nega tive, remarking that his servant vhad any number of lamps. "All," replied the Soli citor, "I see how the matter stands, ' you were like the bad (sicJ virgins, you had plenty of lamps but no oil." We leave the effect to the imagination of the reader. A cute barrister entering tbe office of a solicitor tbe otlier day, found a youngster of the Mosaic tribe solus perched upon the office stool and yawning hideously at want of prac tice,—"don't swallow me," said the wearer of horse hair. "Ob, uo Sir," rejoined the young Hebrew, "Jews never eat pork." Tho office door wa3 closed with a terrific bang, and the juvenile wit was again left to his meditations. A fow. of the immigrants by the Ascen dant are still uuhired in the depot. The principal causeof theirnot beiugall hired long ago is that some of them have families larger tliau farmers like with their servants, and the few occupations in the colony at which juvenile labor can be employed, is a barrier difficult to be overcome by persons arriving' hero with even moderate sized families. The cabman, who wa3 arrested in tho camp at the YTerribce for assaulting a volun teer, and bound over to answer the charge at the City Polico Court, was brought up yes terday, and being admonished by Mr Sturt, the presiding magistrate, was discharged.. We beg to remind all lovers of firs' class music of the Organ performance to- nigbt in tho M'Killop-stroet Chapel. _ The programmo will be found in our advertising columns. By the Black Swan we have Hobart Town papers to the 1st inst, and Launpeston papers to 2nd inst, but they contain nothing iu tljfl shape of news worthy of extract. Never in any former season has there been snch a profusion of fine grapes offered for sale at the fruit shops in the market and elsewhere iu Geetong. We, yesterday, were shown some splendid bunches of the Bed Chasselas variety from Mr Andriske'sgarden, at German Town, a locality which threatens to_ rival the Barrabools both for fruit and vine. The registration of the district for the mouth cudiug March 31, is Births 120. . Deaths 62. Increase. 58^. Under 2 years the deaths were 37 From 2 to 20 .. U '• 20 to 40' .. 9 " .40 to 00 .. 4 Above 70 1 During the last week in March several icases of diphtheria appeared, as among children. ^ The inquiry into the causo of dcijth of . Angus M'Allister, one of tho men buried ill the claim of tho Britannia Company, at Clatngham, was concluded on Wednesday, The following _ verdict was returned '.—Tito jury are unanimously of opinion that- the I deceased Angus M'Allister was killed by .the closing in of the south shaft of the Bri tannia Quart;: Mining Company, at Carn gham, and that the closing in of the said shait was caused by the tailing in of the roof "f the mine on the morning of Thursday, 21st March, lttil. The jury are of opinion that if a largo block of solid ground had been leit round the shaft until all that portion of the quart?, reef had been removed the said shait would not have closed in, and means of egress thereby would bavo been left for the uwiq working in the mine. The jury aroof opinion that no men should be allowed to wor* iu a mine without a man being left on top to attend to their wants." ruiGinra, Mcbdul—Bviining or hie Bodv. —A p;iri'hcn«ir.a of the murderer.—-At a late hour last night \ve toci \vcd information ol the 0i6• covery of a horrible murder at IJclvo?, which must have occurred on the lO'.h of March." Thu victim was the wife of a grog-shanty keener named Cooley, who "kept bhaulV' on the Jew* between Hcathcoto township and the lush at Ucdcaftle lloof, ami the inurdmr is ttricd w hwo been her husband. It etcm0, from tha vague particulars we have gleaned. that the un Uuturiatc woman was killed, and then taken into the burii about half a mile, where an n't'. uipt was uvade to burn the body, suflveiau, however, o£ the charred remains of the hoots and stockings and bouts of the legs rur.ain to establish strong identity. Cooky is in custody of the M'lvor police, having been taken only yivtevtisy. Botft the supposed murderer and his victim were what ia known r.s " old bands," and lluir shanty did not hear the highest character.—Sunn'mrsf &.*•' roMxn,'* Puoeps.—Mr II. A. Thompson, ot the Claims Company, haa recently made senw* -xporimuits on the tailings of that company. fia had anew retort made, of hrgo diminsione, aftl used new mercury, but the roBnlt was not Fp en couraging as eouw o hers that have been made. We Irani that ha obtained U>fs gold by the process than by the ordinary irsar, and he conclude* therefore that the ptoce.-s is a failure so far &a; the extraction of gold from pyrites is cmu'cined. Now Mr Thompson is a doctor in these matters and w is Mr Voitev, and it remains to roe who will ds Sd* jybeie thes; doctor dU&gwe;,*»Sf*r, 