VICTORIAN DEBENTURES. —In the absence of any form of security re- sembling the Exchequer Bills of the Imperial Government, we believe that the forthcoming issue of railway-bonds, ranging in value from £10 to £100, will be rapidly absorbed, and that the terms upon which they are negotiated will be such as to convince British capitalists that the colonists of Victoria have every faith in the extent and permanence of its resources, in the stability of its institutions, and the maintenance of its credit. — Argus, Aug. 24. CROOKED RIVER DIGGINGS.— A gentleman who left these diggings last week gives a very flattering account of them. The workings extend over a distance of fifteen miles on the creek and tributaries. The population, at present, he estimates at seven hund- red, and the yield of gold is very satisfactory. The accounts published, of the great severity of the winter are greatly exaggerated ; the season was not more severe than he has felt it, on the Ovens. The current rate of wages, although only very few work for wages, are from £2 to £3, with rations. The operations are confined to the bed of the creek, and the miners are principally engaged in sluicing. The depth is, generally, from one to two feet, with a slate bottom. The extent of ground, until recently, has been twenty yards per man, for a party of four, but the miners have now altered the area to fifty yards per man, or two hundred yards for four men. There is only one hotel on the whole diggings, but grog shops are met with in all directions. He esti- mates the distance from Beechworth, via Omeo; two.hundred miles, and the latter part of the road far better than that between Beechworth and the Omeo. We were shown several small nuggets from these diggings. The gold is rather of a lighter body than Ovens gold. Our informant in- tends returning at once. ELECTRO - BIOLOGY.— Professor Hansen gave another of his very pleasing entertainments on Saturday evening, to a crowded house, at the Star Theatre. The experiments were, if anything, more successful than on Thursday evening, and we shall not be at all surprised to hear next that the Professor has made the divining- rod of Mr Douster swivel a reality. THE "AGE," "ARGUS," AND MR. WEEKS. —Friday's Age contains the following "wickedness " :— We ac- knowledge with due humility our con- temporary's pre-eminence in all these respects; and the nonchalance with which it disregards a base conspiracy four days discovered, strikes us with admiration. Considering the indif- ference with which ephemeral things are regarded, we almost forget that the Argus was once poor, and open to the same suspicions as Messrs. Weekes and others.. The Argus is a living example of the Pythagorean theory. It is a transmigrated soul. The spirit which now animates its " mortal coil" was shuffled oft somewhere in the neighborhood of the Insolvent Court. The Courier died, and the Argus was born. The one expired in the agonies of debt, and the other was brought into the world through the charity of creditors. Its first squeak was about its poverty, and its primal appearance to the, world was made in borrowed baby linen. Did ever a journal before or since announce itself in the fashion of the Argus, in its introductory remarks : — "The generosity of our " friends and the liberality of our credit- " tors, (the former rarely, and the " latter we believe never equalled, in " the colony), have again placed us in " a position to assume the editorial " chair." This was our contemporary's beginning', and we hope it is not un- pleasant to rake up its antecedents. This was the period when Weekes would have had the advantage of the Argus. The one is being inducted to a seat in the Assembly to the exclusion of Mr. John Dennistoun Wood, the other was ushered into existence by the liberality of creditors." If it is desirable to purchase for corrupt objects a member of the Assembly, is a public journal a less appreciable com- modity ? The Argus has Weekes for sale, but we refuse to believe that the Argus has even been sold. The following, which we print nearly in the ipsissima verba in which it was handed to our reporter, may serve as a Melbourne parallel the famous ghost story of Cock-lane :— Last Saturday night, about midnight, two women (one of whom is the wife of a servant in one of our public institutions) were awakened from their slumbers by a very loud and unusual noise in the back yard They at first supposed it to be caused, by some person trying to effect an entrance, but as, it continued without cessation, they summoned up courage enough to get up and ascertain what it was. On looking out of the window they could see nothing, but on opening the door they saw the body, legs and tail of an apparently headless animal, black and monstrous, moving rapidly about, and making a noise horrid enough to awake the dead. The apparition, had a great long neck, and somewhat resembled a cat, but the trembling, women could not make out the vestige of a head. No sooner was the door opened, than it moved towards it, and so terrified the women that they slammed the door in its face, and sought refuge in bed. The apparition, however, continued to make a most horrible noise, right under the window, apparently trying to open it. The women, therefore, got up again, and being quite unable to sleep, watched in a front room till daybreak. They then ventured to have another look at the cause of their alarm ; when, lo and behold ! if proved to be an unfor- tunate cat, whose head, by some mis- chance, had become encased in an old lobster tin, and whose frantic efforts to retrieve herself of so uncomfortable a head-dress had occasioned the peculiar noise they had heard in the yard. They at once delivered poor puss from her trouble, and sat down to enjoy a good laugh at their night's terrors.— "Argus." WE are requested to call at- tention to the sales of real property by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., this day, in Ford-street and Camp and Loch streets. The opportunity is un- usually favorable for investing in business and residence sites, and there are hardly any better situations in the township likely, for a long time, to come under the hammer. THE COURT OF MINES will sit at two o'clock to-morrow, Wednesday. THE SONGS OF SCOTLAND. —It is said that "it never rains but it pours," and the fact that, this evening we are to have a lecture on the Songs of Scotland by Mr Richard Mellish, il- lustrated by Mr George Smith, who accompaniments by Mr. Ruxton, in addition to all the attractions of Bur- ton's troupe, would lead one to believe there was some truth in the old saying. We hope the ladies will not forget what a rich treat is in store for them at the Athenæum. COURT OF MINES, CHILTERN. —The Chiltern Court of Mines sits to-day. THE AMENDE HONORABLE. —We are informed that the Brothers Wie- land, who had left Mr Burton, with out having given such due notice as he thought he was justly entitled to, very handsomely offered their services to Mr. Burton yesterday, and that the offer was at once accepted. The Messrs Wieland will appear, to-night. CONTRIBUTIONS FOR THE EXHIBI- TION.—Amongst the contributions now promised, and in preparation, are the very valuable ones of Mr Turner, matchmaker and jeweller, of Gamp- street. Mr Turner has got ready specimens of black sand, or tin ore, as it is found at the Woolshed ; he has first, a sample stream- washed, and then some large specimens, such as were found a month or two since at Wooragee; and, finally, he displays the pure bar tin, such as many of our readers may have seen being unloaded from ships in the Liverpool or Lon- don docks. The specimens form a series in themselves, and are a truly handsome contribution. Though last, not least, we may mention that Mr. Turner is also preparing, in handsome settings, some of the pure Cairngorm pebbles, found at the Woolshed. Though not ourselves dealers in precious stones, we cannot but think the genuine Cairngorm looks " cloudy" beside its rival of the Woolshed. NEW INSOLVENT. - We observe that Mr. Everard, stock and share broker of this city, his filed his schedule. His liabilities are stated at £417.7 2s 3d, and assets at £370 8s. Should, therefore Mr Everard be elected for North Gipps Land, as will most probably be the case, he will be unable to take his seat. Mr Evevard, however, was proposed as a candidate for the representation of this district without either his knowledge or con- sent. It is stated that Mr Everard's insolvency is due to the disappearance of Mr. Barclay, and the consequent in- volved condition of several of the Maldon mining companies. — "Age." THE PAPER BLOCKADE. —(Morning Herald.) —The Intelligence brought by the last mail from America is of a very grave, if not of a startling character, and has compelled the authorities to take immediate steps for placing the defences of our North American inde- pendencies on a proper footing. Three infantry regiments, we are informed, are under orders for Canada, with a corresponding force of artillery. These troops, with all the requisite material, horses, &c.;, will easily be stowed away in the Great Eastern ; and we may hope very soon to hear that there is no need for further anxiety about the safety of British inter- ests on the North American continent. Too much precaution cannot be taken in the present excited state of the north- ern portion of the union. Already we understand, meetings have been held and, threatening language has been used in districts adjoining the Canadian fron- tier. Mr. Seward's habitual language and avowed policy in reference to this country, place us under no necessity for apologising for any apparent mistrust. Nor can a great power prudently, or in bare justice to its own rights, maintain an attitude of perfect confidence when its forbearance and neutrality are so violently assailed and so wantonly mis- represented. There is apparently some- thing very mysterious now going on at Charleston. The ports of South Caro- lina were declared blockaded. The Niagara was for some time stationed, off the harbour of Charleston, and the blockade was effectively main- tained. Suddenly we hear of the de- parture of the Niagara southward and of the virtual raising of the blockade. Such a state of things can hardly fail to produce very mischievous results; and it seems to be inevitable that before long the question of a paper blockade will become a subject of serious discussion. The government and the nation, have displayed every desire to conciliate A- merican feeling. They sympathise deeply with the great republic in its trials. But neither sympathy for its calamities, res- pect for its power, nor regard for its threats, must induce a British minister to forego one iota of the rights of Brit- ish subjects. We desire the more ear- nestly to impress this upon the foreign secretary as it is reported that the strict letter of the law will be rigorously insis- ted on by the French government; that "a mere paper blockade will" not be al- lowed to stand in the way of shipping, of cotton from New Orleans to Havre, and that, rather than imperil the inter- ests of the French manufacturers, the French government would acknowledge the independence of the southern con- federacy. What truth there may be in this rumour we know not. It would not be a new thing to find Louis Napo- leon acting more energetically for the interests of his subjects than our own government for those of the British manufacturer. But it is obvious that it will not do for Manchester to be de- pendent upon Havre for its supply of cotton any more than for this country to be indebted to foreigners for the recognition of her undoubted rights as a neutral power. 