THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS." (From the Edinburgh Review.) (CONCLUDED). 1\. On all these points but specially on the first, it has been a prodigious mistake to sup pose that this volume contains anything new. By friends and foes alike this illusion has been propagated—' a new Reformation,' a neo-Chris rianity," ' a new Religion, of Christianity without Christ, without the Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church.' We will venture to say that, with the possible exception of Professor Powell's Essay, and a few words of Dr. Williams and Dr. Wilson, there is no statement of doctrine or fact in this volume which bas not been re- peatedly set forth by divines whose deep and sincere faith in the Christian religion cannot be denied without the very worst uncharitable ness and some of whom are factually regarded as luminaries of the Church. Even if the volume could be regarded as an epoch in the Church of England, it cannot possibly be regarded as an epoch in Christendom. If the Westminster or the Quarterly Reviewer had looked ever so cursorily through the works of Herder, Schleiermacher, Lücke, De Wette, Ewald, or even Tholuck, Olshausen, and Hengstenberg, they would see that the greater part of the passages which have given so much cause for exultation or for offence in this volume; have their counterpart in those dis- tinguished theologians whom we have just cited, and therefore, if they were destined to overthrow Christianity, ought to have done so long ago. But neither is it an epoch in Eng land. The style, the manner, the composition of this book may be offensive or peculiar.. But facts and creeds are not revolutionised by man ner and style. The principles, even the words, of the Essayists have been known for the last fifty years, through writings popular amongst all English students of the higher branches of theology. If there be a conspiracy, it is one far more formidable than that of the seven Essayists. For it is a conspiracy in which half the rising-generation, one quarter of the Bench of Bishops, the most leading spirits of our clergy, have been, and are, and will be engaged, whatever be the results of the present contro versy. Coleridge led the way. A whole gene ration arose under his Germanising influence. Even Dr. Pusey swelled tho ranks for a time, and still retains in his teaching traces of his former associates. The translation of Niebuhr's ' History of Rome,' with its speculations on the origin of mankind, by Hare and Thirlwall, called down the thunders of the Quarterly Review of that day, which were answered with burning indignation and wither ing scorn by the two divines who had undertaken that labour of love. The Critical Essay of Schleiermacher on St. Luke's Gospel was ushered into the world by a Preface of the trans lator, which bears on every page tho un mistakable stamp of the masterly hand of the Bishop of St. David's; Essay and Preface alike containing almost all the principles and many of the statements, which now— whilst he declares that no amount of orthodox statement can, without express disavowal, relieve a writer from the responsibility of his connivance at previous heterodoxy—that prelate denounces as incom patible with the profession of an English clergyman. Arnold's 'Life and Letters' has been allowed to pass through as many editions _ present volume, which have been so much attacked, but particular passages almost verbally coincident with the language of Professor Jowett or Dr. Williams on the ' Book of Daniel,' or even of Mr. Wilson on the early Jewish history. Dean Alford's edition of the Greek Testament abounds with passages on in- spiration, and on the biblical discrepancies, exactly similar to those to which allusion is made in the second, fourth, and seventh 'Essays.' Dean Milman's successive works, with all their weight of eloquence and learning, point in the same direction; and he, we are sure, will not think that his present high station exempts him from the duty and tho privilege of sympathising, with those who are now strug- gling with the obloquy which he has trium- phantly surmounted. Mr. Westcott's cautious and valuable treatise on the ' Canon ' contains, it has been truly said, more startling (and, if we choose so to regard them, more dangerous) facts about the origin of the New Testament than are to be found in the whole of the doomed volume. Lord Arthur Hervey's work on tho 'Genealogies of Christ' contains speculations on the books of Joshua and Judges, more inconsistent with their literally historical character, and, we must add, more contrary to all sound criticism, than any theory started by Baron Bunsen or his Welsh admirer. Nay, there is a composite work still more exactly corresponding in charac- ter to the seven Essays. A huge volume, to which a successor is expected, has lately issued from the press, formed, like that of which we speak, by contributions from various authors, most of them, we are sorry to say, clergymen in high positions ; far more responsible than the Essayists for the joint character of the whole and the separate character of the parts (inasmuch as this work contains no such emphatic disclaimer as that prefixed to the 'Essays and Reviews'),-handling freely all 'those' Biblical ' subjects which are peculiarly liable to suffer by 'the repetition of conven tioual language, and from a traditional method of treatment.' Already the ' Record' newspaper his scented out the taint of neology ; already the signs of a semi-infidel conspiracy have been detected in tho astute adjustment of the different parts, and the adhesion of more orthodox names to give a semblance of respectability to the whole. Will Mr. Murray forgive us—nay, will he not rather applaud us, for thus recommending to a scale as wide as that of its unfortuate precursor—not the sevenfold but the fiftyfold foe of all religion, —the formidable 'Dictionary of the Bible,' edited by Dr. William Smith ? Seriously, it is by excellent and indispensable works of this kind that the facts, if not the conclusions, of the Essayists are circulated for the edification of theological students. And Christianity still remans unshaken, and the Church of England is proud—and justly proud-of sending forth her choicest labourers to this noble field. Nor is it the more latitudinarian divines who must be ignored in order to represent the Essayists as revolutionists and atheists. The Fathers of the Church of England, the Fathers of the Church Catholic, nay, even some of the modern champions of a rigid orthodoxy, have committed themselves irretrievably to the doc- trines which in the recent agitation have been so recklessly condemned. Let ns take one or two obvious instances :— 'The Epistle to the Hebrews is not written by the same author that wrote the other epistles, bearing the name of Paul, but is of later date.' Such is one of the speci mens of the book given by the ' National Re- former,' the infidel organ, the oracle of the Quarterly reviewer, as a proof of the approach- ing overthrow of Christianity. We are almost ashamed to repeat for the thousandth time the well-known fact that the authorship of this epistle was a question kept open for 400 years ; that its non-Pauline origin is the accepted doc- trine of all the orthodox divines of Germany, and of most educated divines of England ; and that Archbishop Howley, not the most revolu- tionary of modern prelates, admitted, to ordi- nation a distinguished clergyman, who ex- pressed to him doubts, not only of the apostoli city but of the canonicity of this great epistle. ' The Book of Zechariah is of three dates.' So Dr. Moberly in a paroxysm of terror transcribes the sentence from Dr. William's essay. Can the learned Head-master of Winchester be ignorant that the divided authorship of Zechariah was an acknowledged fact in the view of Mede, Hammond, Kidder, Secker, New come, Pye Smith, and perhaps even of the Evangelist St. Matthew? But, abandoning these lesser points, and mounting to the question of Inspiration itself, there is nothing, in tho present volume which ought to excite surprise beyond what has been said a hundred times before.- " The Essayists re- quire no precise theory of Inspiration. It is only their opponents who demand this from them, or calumniously assert this of them. Most certainly must we maintain, with Professor Jowett, that our only idea of Inspiration is that which we form from our knowledge of the Bible itself. It is a question to be solved not hy speculating what the Bible ought to be, but by seeing what it actually is. The Bible might have been uniform, perfect, without varieties of text or statement, without faults of grammar or diction, without difference of style or progress of doctrine. The Bible is nothing of the kind. It is full of the inequalities, variations, pauses, silences, lights, and shades, which indicate the hand of God in Creation, and which indicate it no less in the multiform diversity of His own express Revelation. In this lies its inexhaust- ible strength, its boundless versatility, its un- broken hold on tho hearts and consciences of men —the true signs of a Book wherein re- sides the voice of Him whose voice is as.the voice of many waters, tho language in which we all of us hear, 'every man '—as it were—' in the tongue wherein we were born, tho wonder- ful works of God,' And, if in this Book the divine and human be necessarily intermingled, is it (we do not say rational, but is it) pious, is it reverential, to deny the human in order to exalt the divine ? The same microscope of criticism that reveals to us tho depths of the inner meaning of- the divine message in all its manifold fulness, reveals to us' also the imper fections, tho contradictions, 'of the human messenger. We cannot have tho one without the other. It is because we so prize tho kernel that we are content to break tho shell, and yet even in the shell to recognise and to value the roughnesses and flaws which prove it to be a genuine and not an artificial product. To thal recognition, we are persuaded that every student of the sacred text and history must sooner ox later be brought. lt is a striking proof of the true unanimity of biblical scholars on these subjects, that thc very few attacks on the present volume written with anything like candour or learning, exactly excitement. Is such a thing as a mistake ir a matter of fact inconceivable in Holy Scripture? is the pertinent question. put alike by thc Essayists and by Dr. Moberly. Surely,it is not in itself inconceivable'. (answers Dr..M. in exact accordance with those whom he h attacking), ' and equally, surely, if it should bc made, such mistakes must needs be the pro phet's and not God's ... . What certainty have we that the prophet is altogether honesl and faithful to his sacred light ? We know thal he can, if he will, stifle or corrupt tho word of God within him'-[tho exact counterpart of Mr. Wilson's forcible expression of ' the dark crust of human passion on tho bright luminous centre within ']-' the light given, in what way or degree we know not,'- ' the message sent, the man empowered, be he Balaam or Isaiah, Caiaphas or St. Paul-the rest seems to be left to ordinary human causes.' It is for this free admission of ordinary human agen- cies ' that the Essayists have contended. We trust that in tho noxt Memorial presented for condemnation to the. Bishops, the above extract from Dr. Moberly will be carefully in- serted, aide by sido with the' elaborate exposi- tion of the same view by the Bishop of St. David's: in the preface to his ' translation of Schleirmacher.' '.The Bible is unlike all other books.' So Essayist after Essayist emphatically asserts or constantly implies. The very sacrifices whioh they have made in order to inculcate its study-. be their notions of it true or false-are sacri- fices which neither they nor any ono piso would make for any other book in tho world. It is unlike in its variety, unlike in its unity, unlike in its high morality, unlike in its pure theology, unlike in its general accuracy and in its universal truthfulness, unlike in its clear representation of the mind of God, in its constant and fearless appeals to the highest conscience and reason of man. Bot it is a collection of books written in the language of men, though the thoughts of men, with tho same varieties of text, with the same difficulties and discrepancies of statement and of style, with tho same dependence on and illustrations from geography, history, chronology, philosophy which we find in other books ; and, therefore, in exact proportion to our belief in its divine in- spiration and authority," in exact proportion as we wish to understand its real meaning, and not to substitute for it our own other men's fancies-in that proportion we must 'interpret the Bible as we would interpret any other book.' On this principle, from the' days of Chrysostom down to Professor Jowett, all sound interpretation of Holy Scripture has always been founded, and must always be car- ried on. 2\. Another question raised in thc volume before us, is the relative value of External and Internal Evidence as applied to Revelation. There have on this subject been constant fluctuations of opinion in the Christian Church. Ia some minds and some ages of the world, the passion for external signs has been so engrossing as to put aside all appeals to conscience and to the moral beauty pf tho Gospel, either as useless or heretical. Such was pre-eminently the case in the last century, as has been well described by the Bector of Lincoln in his Essay on that period. But this tendency has by no means been universal. In the early ages of tho Church, Joslin Martyr in. his Apology," rarely," if ever, appeals to tho miracles of the Gospel as tho proof of its di vinity. In the middle ages, the doctrine of Internal Evidence had what may be called its high scientific value attached to it by the great Anselm. At the beginning of the last century, Cudworth and his school condemned in the strongest language " the assertion that good and evil, just and unjust, depend on the arbitrary will of God." At the beginning of this century, a vigorous protest was raised by Coleridge and his disciples against Paley's argument from miracles, and it was eagerly caught up and echoed, though from a some- what different point of view, by the leaders of Oxford theology twenty years ago. A reaction has now set in once more in favour of the coarser doctrine, and the argument which rests religion on mere power, as opposed to moral fitness, has been pushed by Mr. Mansel to the extravagant extent of denying altogether the moral nature of the Divine Attributes. The Essayists have endeavoured to thrust the pen- dulum back—it may be with too violent a swing to the position which it occupied under the influence of the great divines in early and modern times, whom we have just cited. A statement of Dr. Temple, which lies at the root of the whole matter, and which has been branded as ' annihilating the authority of the Bible,' is really taken from ' a feeble and fan- ciful work' by a Bishop of Durham some hun- dred years since, entitled 'The Analogy of Religion Natural and Revealed to the course of Nature.' (Part II. ch. i.) ' If in Revelation there be found any passages the seeming mean- ing of which is contrary to natural religion, we may most certainly conclude such seeming meaning not to be the real one.' This, and not any antagonism to the supernatural as such, is the true origin of those expressions of the Essayists whieh have been so elaborately mis- understood and misrepresented. They do not deny miracles, but they feel the increasing difficulty which scientific and historical criticism places in tho way of the old, unreasoning, re- ception of mere wonders as interferences with natural law, or as absolute proofs of a Divine Revelation, irrespectively of its contents. They would fain maintain, with Dean Trench and St. Augustine, that we are to believe the mira cles for the sake of the doctrine, rather than the doctrine for the sake of the miracles. Feeling and knowing this, they have done their utmost to lessen this collision between the religious belief and the scientific conclusions of mankind. They have endeavoured to show how miracles may be removed altogether out of the sphere of logic into that of faith ; or how what we call interferences may, as Bishop Butler observed long ago, be fulfilments of general laws not perfectly apprehended by us; or how, in some instances at least, tho biblical narrative has been misunderstood, and a figurative, or a primitive, or a rhetorical ex pression has been turned, by later ages, into a matter of fact. They have attempted, in short mistakenly or not-to place Christianity beyond the reach of accidents, whether of science or criticism ; to rest its claims on those moral and spiritual truths which, after all, are what have really won an entrance for it into the heart, not merely of the highly educated but of the poor, the ignorant, the afflicted, in every age of the world. Not Anslem only, or Cole- ridge, but the humblest peasant who feels that the Gospel is an answer to all his needs ; not Dr. Temple only, or Professor Jowett, but the "Wesleyan missionary or preacher who appeals to the natural sense of sin and the .-i-»-3 ---F .lv*-VjL».UJ^».~rt~1 tions between the moral law of God and the moral conscience of man. We are aware that we trend here on difficult and shifting ground. Tho outward and the inward are so closely interwoven in human nature, the facts and the doctrines are so closely connected in the sacred narra tives, that it requires a delicate handling to deal with one apart from tho other. For our selves we freely acknowledge that we feel the utmost reluctance to part with any of the historical features of the Sacred Records. Many parts, indeed, of those records are con fessedly figurative or parabolical. To deny this is, to fly in the face of the Bible itself. Lazarus and Dives, the Apocalypse, the first chapters of Genesis, the book of Job, are instances on which all well-instructed divines are either perfectly agreed in acknowledging this para- bolical character, or are well con- tented to allow diversity of opinion. But there still remain events in, which the garb of flesh seems to be so indispensable a vehicle for the spirit within, that we can hardly conceive how the one could have sustained itself in the world unless it had been from the beginning allied to the other. And in the culminating instance of the Resurrection of Christ, the whole subsequent history of thc rise of the religion—the whole of that cheerful, hopeful, victorious aspect; which so character- ises both its actual triumph over the world, and its leading turn of mind and doctrine appear to us living testimonies both to the historic truth, and to the endless moral sig- nificance, of that greatest of all the events which profane or sacred annals record. But our own assurance of this, and of like occur- rences far leas important, ought not to blind us to the fact that the very events and' wonders which to us are helps, to others are stumbling blocks : and, though we shrink from abandon- ing any thing which to us seems either necessary or true, yet we are bound to treat those who prefer to lean on other, and, as they think, more secure foundations, with the tenderness with which we cannot doubt that they would have been treated by Him who blessed with His sacred presence the sincere inquiry of the doubling Apostle,—and to Whom the craving for signs and wonders was a mark, not of love and faith, but of perverseness and unbelief. And if in our biblical studies we find that the limits of the natural and the supernatural are less definite than was once imagined this may well be a cause, not of fear and regret, but of thankfulness and hope. Doubtless the Revelation would be more surprising if the waters of the Red Sea, the mountain of Olivet, the city of Jerusalem, the island of Melita, tho influences of Egypt, Chaldæa, and Rome, were found to have had no real existence, but to have been, one and all, called into existence by mira- culous interposition, to meet the special occa- sions described in the sacred narrative. But no one will he rash enough to maintain that Religion would have been a gainer by such a process. Rather by the natural links which all these objects furnish between the present and the past, the Sacred History becomes not only more credible, but more edify- ing, more attractive, more humane (in whichever sense we take that word), and therefore more Divine. The Professor of Hebrew in Oxford, the eminent founder of the school of theology which bears his name, has, we believe, been accused of Rationalism because he prefers to show that fishes actually existed which could have swallowed the prophet Jonah, rather than that the fish was created solely for that purpose. The charge is true, if by Ratio- nalism is meant any attempt to render the events of the Bible more probable. The excel lent Dr. Macbride, who represents the Puritan section of opinion in that ancient University, has published his belief that the Pentecostal wonders were ' the effect probably of electric fluid.' We do not defend the venerable theorist ; but he doubtless was guided by the same general principle as that which led to the identification of the destroying angel with the Midianite host, by Baron Bunsen, or with the ravages of a pesti- lence, by the author of the seventy-eighth Psalm. The old hypothesis that the last chapter of Deuteronomy was a prediction which Moses made of his own death, is now uni- versally surrendered ; but it is surrendered on precisely the same grounds as those which have induced the vast majority of German, and many of our best English critics, to believe that the second portion of the prophecies of Isaiah belongs to the period of the Cap- tivity; and not to that of Hezekiah. The relative importance of the moral and predic- tive elements in prophecy, and again of tho historical circumstances to which, in the first instance, the predictions were applied, have been discussed by Davison and Arnold in a style hardly less repugnant to the literal views of Dr. M'Caul or Dr. Keith, than anything in Professor Jowett or Dr. Williams. One of tho passages deemed most fatal to the orthodoxy of the Essayist just named (' only two texts in the Prophets directly Messianic ') was anticipated almost verbally even by Bishop Pearson : — Wherever he is spoken of as the Anointed One (or the Messiah; it may well be first understood of some other person, except it be in one place in Daniel.' ' The typical ideas of patience and glory in the Old Testament,' says Dr. Williams, ' find their culminating fulfilment in the New.' This is the positive side of his view of pro- phecy, and it is, in fact, coincident with all that the best interpreters have said since the Re- formation. 3\. Tho remaining topic which this volume raises—that of tho relation of dogmatic theology to tho simpler forms of scrip- tural truth—need not be discussed at length, Hey's ' Lectures on the Articles,' —recommended (till lately) to candidates for orders by tho present Bishop of Winchester and the celebrated Bampton Lectures, on which rests the fame of the present Bishop of Here- ford, advance positions so entirely identical with those of tho Essayists, that till within the last month we should have deemed it an im pertinence to these two Prelates to suppose that they could, by their recommendations and theil publications, have lured young clergymen into conclusions which they now denounce as here tical and anti-Christian. IV. There is one question, in its practical aspect, graver than any we have discussed. It may be said that the mero fact of theso doctrines having been held by some of our most ominent divines justifies their free discussion within th« pale of our national Church. Sti'l this is thc first time in which thc public attention has been directly and expressly called to the fact. Thu common challenge is unquestionably the one common ground between the "seven authors Every one of them by lending his name to thc book does beyond doubt assert that, howovei much he may differ from the views contained it any other essay than his own, he yet vindicates the aVlfflf-\of holding those views himself. In justice to the Bishops of St. David's and Hereford, no less than to the Essayists, we must consider tho grounds for that right of speech which has been vehemently disputed both by the assailants and tho defenders of thc book. The ' Westminster' and ' National, hardly leas than the ' Quarterly' and the 'Re cord,' demand the withdrawal of the Essayists, and, we may add, by implication, of tho other eminent persons just named, and of all who agree with them, from their position as English clergymen. Tho truth or falsehood of thc views maintained is treated as a mattet almost of indifference. The lay con- tributor, however offensive his state ments, is dismissed ' as comparatively blameless.' But the Christian ministor, it is said, has 'parted with his natural Lborty.' It is almost; openly avowed (and we are sorry tc see this tendency as much amongst free-thinking laymen as amongst fanatical clergymen) that Truth was made for the laity and Falsehood foi the clergy—that Truth is tolerable everywhere except in the mouths of the ministers of the God of Truth—that Falsehood, driven from every other quarter of' the educated world, may find an honoured refuge behind thc conse- crated bulwarks of the Sanctuary. Against this godless theory of a national Church we solemnly protest. It is a theory tainted with a far deeper unbelief than any that has ever been charged against the Essayists and reviewers. We do not, indeed, deny we fully believe, that the whole state of subscription to the Formularies of the Church, as now main- tained, is fraught with evil, and we indicated in our last number some of the methods by which the evil might be mitigated, and some of the advantages which, from " its mitigation, would accrue to the scrupulous consciences that, whether within or without the Church, are re- pelled from the sacred office by these needless obstacles. Restraints too of a certain kind from which laymen are free, unquestionably are imposed on the clerical profession—restraints of decorum, restraints of regard for public opinion, restraints, above all, of that common prudence and sense of con- gruity which alone can hold Churches and com- munities together, and which ought to be more powerful than any positive obligation or legal enactment. In the recent High Church developments, for example, the exasperation and the difficulties which ensued arose not from any breach of rubrics or subscriptions, but from a disregard of the general propriety and harmony of ecclesiastical life. But still, as regards his own religious belief, the main ques- tion for a clergyman to consider is whether he can sincerely accept as a whole the constitution and the worship of the Church of which he is a minister. Those to whom, as a whole, it is repug- nant will spontaneously drop off, in one direction or another, without any pressure from without. Those to whom, as a whole, it commends itself as the best mode of serving God and their brethren, will, in spite of any lesser differences, count it treason to the Church, and to its Divine Head, to depart either from its ministry or its communion. If, indeed, there were anything in the obliga- tions of the clergy which created insuperable barriers between their belief and that of the edu- cated laity, it would be the duty of both, in the name of religion, and of common sense, to rise as one man and tear to shreds such barriers between the teachers and the taught, between Him whose name is Truth and those whose worship is only accep able if offered to Him in spirit and in truth. In this case, however, we may be thankful that no such violent convulsion is needed. The questions raised by the Essayists, with very few exceptiö0s äre of a kind altogether beside and beyond the range over which the Formularies extend. lt would almost seem as if, providentially, the confessions of most Protestant—indeed, we may say, of most Christian Churches, had been drawn up at a time when public and ecclesiastical attention being fSxed on other matters, the doors had been left wide open to tho questions which a later and critical age was sure to raise into high importance. In spite of all the declamations on the subject, no pas sage has ever yet been pointed out in any of the five clerical Essayists which contradicts any of the formularies of the Church in a degree at all comparable to the direct collision ,which exists between the High Church party and thr Articles, between the "Low Church party and the Prayerbook. Dr. Pusey was for three years suspended from preaching. Archdeacon Deni son was for tbree years pursued by the relent less Ditcher, as having broken faith, the one with the Thirty-first, and the other with the Twenty-ninth Article, respectively aimed agairst the Eucharistic Sacrifice and the Eucharistic Presence. The Baptismal Service and the Col leets never could have been written by those who hold tho ordinary Puritanical Language on Baptism or on Justification. On these poits the standards of the Church have given us its mind in express, if not in distinct, terms, and (in the case of the High Church party) with a special view to their particular case. But on the questions now debated, Articles and Prayer book are alike silent. There is no article or inspiration. The word occurs only once throughout the Formularies, namely, in the noble Collect which precedes the Communion Service, where it is used in tho sense (in which alone it could be considered in a Court of Law), of the Divine Influence on the hearts of all believers. The teohnical use of tho word, as equivalent to super natural dictation was not oven known at the time when the English Formularies wore com posed. It first appears in this sense in the Helvetic Confession of 1075. The one Article on the subject of tho Bible (the Fixth) excludes other authorities from a rank co-ordinate with Scripture, but of Scripture itself asserts no more than all tho English Essayists and all the German theologians have gladly—we will not say conceded to it—but claimed for it. The fact of tho preservation of the ancient Jewish Canon, which no modern scholar has ever doubted, is recognised, but without a word on tho date, authority, or interpretation of any one of the books. On the question whether Job and Jonah he historical or allegoric, theologians may dispute as they have alwas disputed ; but the Church of England has not spoken, any more than the Catholic Church of old spoke in the Four Councils, or (we may add) any more than the Church of Rome has spoken in the Council of Trent. Lord Arthur Hervey, and Dr. Row land Williams may slash the chro nology of the books of Judges or of Chronicles through and through ; we may condemn them os critics, we may rebuke them as rashly un settling the preconceived opinions of their less educated brethren, but we cannot charge them for a moment with unfaithfulness to a Chutch these questions, in which,- above all others freedom is essential to healthy action and sound conclusions. On the New Testament the language of the Formularies is, if possible even more 'open. Mr. Westcott, whe learning and candour on ' tho subject the Canon of Scripture give to his opinion un usual weight, well observes that the Sixth Article distinctly recognises books whose authority thsre was, and others ' ' whose authority there was never any doubt the Church,'and promotes the latter alone the full rank of ' Holy Scripture,' though in later clause and in a looser sense of the word it concedes the title of Canonical to all such ' as are commonly received and believed.' ' seems impossible,' says Mr. Westcott, « to avoid the conclusion that the framers of thc Articli intended to leave a freedom of judgment on point on which the greatest of tho continent reformers and even of Romish scholars wc; divided.'.«Of this freedom bo . continues, . the groat writers of tl Church of England have not availed then selves.' But it is a freedom which does m apse by neglect. It,is a freedom which, eve tccording to tho strictest letter of tho law, just 3ed Archbishop Howloy, as we have seen, i .eceiving Arnold, though he rejected the Epistl o the Hebrews, and which would have justifie Archbishop Parker in receiving Calvin, thoug >e doubted the authenticity of tho ¿econ Spistle of St. Peter. On tho subject oí External and Intern: Evidence, the silence of the Formularios is 8ti! aore impressive. There is no Article whic' ears oven remotely on these mest interestini spies. There is no definition of a miracle 'here is no definition of a prophecy. Philosc h i cal questions of the highest consequent: loy be raised concerning both. Paley ant loleridge, Elliott and Alford, may contrndic itch other and every one else. They are frei ) do so. The Reformers of the sixteenth cen tury were wiser in their generation than the Bishops of the nineteenth century have been ii ours. They knew or they were guided by t Higher Wisdom than their own to tho con usion, that these are subjects which ecole astical decrees cannot control or touch ; thal what commonds itself as proof in one age is repul sive to another; that tho processes by whicfc io human mind and the human race' hold >mmunion with the Infinite are- too delicate, o complex, too subtle, to be comprised within ie formula.of any single age br any single hool. We have not thought it worth while to enter to the alleged dogmatical differences between e Essays and the Articles. The book does )t profess to treat of dogmatic Theology/and ntradtctions to the Formularies cannot be ¡cited from remote allusions, still less from aissions. It may be well, however, in passing, observe how. on one subject often put forward, that of 'the Atonement,' the same ignorance prevails of the real doctrines of the church, as in the topics already noticed. The teaching of the ancient Church and of our own, on this doctrine; has ' been more than ce shown to be in essential points identical th that of the chief Essayists. But it re- lined for the present controversy to bring out the fact jn an unexpected form.." In a pamphlet embodying his speech in Convocation, and reqiring, as - he justly says, tho 'strictest accuracy—accuracy in minute details' (Pref. p. )¡¡ an estimable opponent of the ' présent , ;Q!5e| ÏU Order to prove a contradiction on this point between * solitary passage of ona of the Essayists and the Thirty- first Article has '/actually been obliged to interpolate into his quotation of the Article the very ex- pression at issue between himself and his ad- versary- -In place of-the-comprehen8Íye Biblical expression adopted by all parties ip the, Church he substitutes, without acknowledgement, the' phra"sè~iôùna~n"éîther tn Bible" norPrayerbook - ' pacifying of God's displeasure? The contradiel tion which he endeavours to fasten on the Essay* ist thus recoils on his own head. We entirely acquit him of anything but temerity of such a kind as certainly to deter him from' appearing again to denounce his brethren. He ia him- self too conscientious and honourable a man not to deplore so strange a mis-statement. On .these main questions, therefore, the clamour that has been raised against the writers as having contravened the Formularies of the Church, only shows that they who raised the cry are as regardless of those Formularies as we have already shown that they are ignorant of the theology of their own country and of the continent. A dim sense, however, of the true state of the case has made, itself felt at times during the controversy, chiefly in the Episcopal utterances. 'The difficulties of ecclesiastical ' courts,' ' the grave deliberations,' the ' guarded' and ' cautious ' ' language of the Essayists,' ara all so many forms for expressing an imperfectly realised conviction that there is, after all, no opposition between the Articles and the doc- trines of the book, which only has remained unassailed by legal weapons because its adver- saries well know that by such weapons it is in fact unassailable. Flippancy of style, and, rash partnership, are the only specific charges that remain ; and on these points we concur with the Episcopal censors. But there is no litur- gical condemnation of bad taste, except by the example of contrast : there is no Article against joint liability, unless it be the Thirty-eighth (' Of Christian men's goods not common '). In making these statements' as to the general tendency of the volume, we freely grant that, in detail, it contains occasional contradictions, real or apparent, to the language of some of the Formularies. When, for example, Mr. Wilson speaks of the Athanasian Greed as ' unhappy,' this expression is doubtless not less (or more) repugnant to tho Eighth Article than Arch bishop Tillotson's nell known ' wish that we were well rid of it.' When he expresses his belief that virtuous heathens will be saved, it is not less (or more) repugnant to the Eighteenth Article than St. Peter's declaration that ' in every nation he that feareth God, and worketh right oousness is accepted of Him,' and the nume rous confirmations of that inspired truth, from Justin Martyr down to the present Bishop of London, in sermons preached in the generous ardour of youth before the University of Oxford. But we should like to see the man who for such contradictions as these will venture to call his brother to account. Let him who agrees with every word and statement of the Formularies cast the first stone at these variations. All clergymen, of whatever school, who have the slightest know ledge of their own opinions and of the letter of the Prayerbook and Articles, must go out ono by one, beginning at the Archbishop of Cantor bury in his palace at Lambeth, even down to the humblest curate who followed in the wake of Drs. Irons and M'Caul. All laymen too, who by virtue of their subscriptions in oither Uni versity hold any office of trust or emolument _MI will remember that they also are bound by precisely the same obligations in this respect as the highest dignitary in the land.' All Pro fessors and almost all Fellows of either University, be their laical hatred to tho Established Church ever so intense, yet live in houses of crystal as fragile and as trans parent as those which encase bishops, priests, and deacons. In this respect tho clergy and a large section of our educated laymen speak and think under tho same conditions. What is open to the Professors of' History and of Natu ral Science is open no less to the Professors of Divinity. What is closed to tho Professors of Divinity is no less closed to the Professors of History and of Natural Science, It is no new claim of liberty either in a larger or a smaller sense, that we are putting forward for tho Essayists, or for those whom, as an advanced guard; they represent. We and (with one exception) they, have uniformly held the same language of toleration towards all tho divisions of the Church. Mr. Wilson, indeed, by his unfortunate onslaught on tho ninetieth ; Tract for the Times,' twenty years ago, has laid himself open to a just Ne- mesis. But he, we doubt not, has long ago re pented of that ungenerous act, and the most distinguished of his colleagues may challengo their opponents to name a single instance in which they have endeavoured to abridge for others the freedom which they demand for themselves. In the successive attacks which have been directed against Mr. Ward and Dr. Newman in 1845, against Dr. Hampden in 1847, against Mr. Gorham in 1850, against Archdeacon Denison in 1850, against Mr. Byran King in 1860, no name, connected with the Essayists or their supporters, will be found in tho ranks of the persecutors-some will be found to have always thrown their whole weight into the scale of the depressed and weaker side.' We may ourselves trium- phantly appeal to a former number of this Review, for a vindication of this right of free speech to that very party, who then, as it was thought, on the eye of expulsion from the Church, are now bent on trampling down those by whose aid they were themselves preserved, thus to requite evil for good, and hatred for our good-will. \- Great indeed would have been the calamity to the Church and country, if the recent agita- tion had succeeded in the attempt to stifle free discussion and research on theological subjects. There is danger in all such inquiries, but^there is a still greater danger in the suppression of inquiry. There is the rashness of the moth that flies into- tho fire;- but there is the rashness, no less, as Archbishop Whately has I well said, pf "the horse that is burnt to death because it refuses to leave its accustomed stall. There is an; advantage in caution and silence ; but there is an advantage also in courage and in speaking out. " Doubt,' says Professor-Jowett, " comes in at the win dow when Inquiry is denied at the door." It is a parable worthy of John Bunyan. We almost see the venerable Sage, worn with anxious reverential, research, rudely repelled by the sturdy guardians of orthodoxy from the wide portals at which he humbly knocks for admittance, whilst, aloft and behind, the grinning, chattering Imp has climbed in through the lattice' and occupied the innermost chamber of the house. The Areopagitica of Milton still speaks to us with a living eloquence, of which a few words may here suffice :- Our faith and knowledge thrive by exercise as well as our limbs and complexion, ' Truth is * compared in Scripture to a streaming fountain ; " if her waters flow not in a perpetual progression, ; they sicken into a muddy pool of conformity \- and tradition.' 'If it come to inquisitions again" and licensing, and that we are so timorous of ourselves and so suspicious of all men, as to fear each bush, and the shaking of every leaf, -if some who but of late were little better than silenced from preaching, shall come now to silence ns from reading, except what they, : please, it cannot be guessed what . is intended by some, but a: second tyranny ".>* -over learning.' . . . . And if it be feared that infection of errors may spread, then all haman controversy in religious p jin ts must remove out of the world ; yea, and the Bible itself, for that oft-times relates blasphemy not nicely, it describes the carnal sense of wicked men not unelegantly, it brings in holiest men passionately murmuring against Providence through all the arguments of Epicurus; th other great disputes it answers dubiously and' darkly to the common reader. For all these causes we know that the Bible itself is put by the Papists into the first rank of prohibited books.*' If the Bishops bad been successful in their de- sign of terrify ing or driving out of the Church those whom they themselves confess to be amongst its chief ornaments, not only would the indi vidual loss have been irreparable, but the heavy blow and discouragement to all Biblical study—the breach between religion and science, between devotion and truth—the repulsion, (already sufficiently alarming,) of the higher intelligences and more generous spirits of the rising generation from the sacred profession—would have gone far to have reduced the National Church to the level of an illiterate sect or a mere satellite of the Church of Rome. This danger has been averted, not merely by the failure of the assail- ants, but by the silent resistance of tho as- sailed. Had they wavered under the storm which burst upon them, the cause of Religion and of religious freedom might have suffered.a por- tentous eclipse. In that calm attitude we trust that they will hold their ground, 'in the quiet- ness and 'confidence' which for the present' is their best strength. We have spoken freely of their shortcomings in tho volume which, for the time at lensr, has retarded the progress of religious thought and knowledge, by awakening needless clamour, and presenting great truths in repulsive forms. But the' future is now in their hands. It is not lesa true of them now than it was fourteen years ago, that-. 'They are amongst the few leading spirits who unite an understanding of the present state of feeling in the rising generation, to a real knowledge of that attractive theology which, coming from the early seat of tho Reformation, was likely for good or for evil so deeply to affect the highest interests of our own Church ; and who sanctify their acuteness and learning by an earnest love of Gospel truth. Humanly speak- ing, it is only to such men, if perchance they may be found among us, that we look with any confidence as fitted to be the guides of an in- quiring age.' So spoke one who, though for a moment be- trayed into joining their accusers, is, we rejoice to see, returning to that juster and serener view of the prospects of our Church, which alone is worthy of his high ecclesiastical position and of his own better nature. They themselves , will not have passed through this tempest with- out gaining some useful experience. They will have learned the necessity of spanking the truth not only, as they have done, boldly, but in wisdom and in love. In the presence of this crisis of their lives, they are called to ' dedicate themselves afresh to the service of their ' Master,' nor in the sense in which one of their chief assailants exemplified these words in his own case; by tho immediate misapplication of a solemn trust, but by fulfilling with renoircd energy tho duty. which- their peculiar position has laid upon them of ' building up' where they have destroyed,-of ' repairing the breaches' which they themselves have broken, it may be, in zeal for Divine Truth, and 'restoring the paths to dwell in' to which they have hitherto only pointed the way. They have by this un- expected turn of events been thrust into an eminence, not of their own seeking, but from which their voices will ho heard (ar and near by those who will listen to few besides. Amongst all the correctives "which zaalous enemies and anxious frionds may wish to supply to anything erroneous or dangerous in their present teaching, none will bo so effective na the sight of their own self-devotion, the sound of their own call to duty, to. faith, to charity. Judging by the usual course of. events, it is probable that before twenty years are passed, they will be seated in the high places of the Church, now occupied by those who twen'y years ago were suffering under tho obloquy which at present rests on them. But, mean- while, they have before them the grand opportunities which the peculiar position of an English clergyman commands, even in the most secluded parish. Somo of them have, over and above this general opening for Christian energy, special fields of usefulness, the fairest that man could desire. The School of Arnold, the College of Wesley, the greot University whence has already issued within our own recollection a spiritual influence which, for good or evil,' has penetrated the whole country- these are spheres which, filled as they have, been filled and may bo filled again, may satisfy : thc loftiest aspirations that ever fired ecclesiastical ! ambition or apostolical devotion. It will bo theirs to show, not for.the first time, that the 'widest range of ' inquiry and knowledge is not inconsistent with the most practical usefulness and the purest piety. There have no doubt been cold Latitu- dinarians, as there have been worldly High Churchmen and self-seeking Puritans.' But history has again and again recorded the noblest examples of Christian life and teaching amongst those who offended and rose, above the theological prejudices of their contem- poraries. The great divines ' of the Revolution were assailed by the Convoca- tion of that day as ' Rationalists,' ' Socinians,' 'infidels,' 'atheists.' Yet no one now doubts the pastoral goodness of Barnet, the blameless sanctity of Cudworth or of Whichcote, the lov- ing orthodoxy of Tillotson, the indomitable vigour of Barrow. And in our own timo it would be ëasy to point either to those who ore recently departed from us, or to those who still live amongst us, of whom it may be'truly said that ' the zeal of God's house has eaten them up,' and who yet have all their life long laboured . under the cruel imputations of heresy which men, immeasurably their inferiors in power.and in holiness, have ventured to cast against them. There may be troubled times before us. We know not what trials are in store for the Church of for Religion. But if the Church of England is to hold its place ss a national insti- tution-if Christianity is to hold Its place ns the religion of the , world- it must be by the fu'ñlmenVof hóp^s such as that which breathes itirtiughf iba cljief Es.'áy " in thia now celebrated VJUI>I:C,* arid with which we gladly conclude. . Tittie was when the.Gospel was before the age ; when it. breathed a new life into a decaying ! world-when the difficulties of Christianity were difficulties'of the heart only, and the highest minds found in its tru'hs not only the rule of their lives," but a well-spring of intellec- tual delight« Is it to be held a thing impossible that the Christian Religion, instead of shrinking into itself, may again embrace the thoughts of men upon the earth ? . . ... Those who hold the possibility of . such ; a reconcilement oç restoration of belief are anxious to disengage Christianity from all su» pieion of .disguise or unfairness. They wish to preserve the historical nae of Scripture as the continuous witness in all ages of. the higher things in the heart of man, as the inspired source of truth, and the way to the better life. They are willing to take away some of the ex- ternal supports, because they are not needed and do harm ; also because they interfere with the meaning. They ' have a faith, not that after a period of transition all things will remain just as they were before, but that they'will all come round' again to the use of man tnd to the glory of God.' When interpreted like any other book, by the same rules of evidence and by the same canons of criticism, the Bible will still remain unlike any other book; its beauty will be freshly seen, as of a picture which is restored after many ages to its original state ; it will create a new interest, and make for itself a new kind of authority by tho life which'is in it. It will be a spirit and not a letter ; as it was in the' beginning, having an influence like that of the spoken word, or the book newly f >und. The ? purer the light in the human heart, the more it will have an expression of .itself in the mind of Christ; the- greater the knowledge of the development of man, t o truer will be the insight gained into " the increas- ing purpose" of Revelation. In which also the individual soul has a practical psrt, finding a sympathy with i's own imperfect feelings in the broken utterance of the Psalmist or the Prophet, as well as in the fulness af Christ. The har- mony between Scripture and the life of man in all its stages, muy be fur greater than appears nt pr< sînt. No one can form any notion, from what wo see around us, of the power which Christianity might have if it were at one with the conscience of man, und not at variance with hts intellectual convictions. There a world, weary of the heat nnd dust of controversy-of speculations about. God nnd mau-woury too of the rapidity of its own motion, would return homo and find rest.' (Rssdy on the Interpreta- tion of Scripture, p. 375.) 