THE AGAPEMONE CASE. ? Tbe following is the judgment given by Vice Chancellor Stuart in the suit of Kotliige r. Princc, on July 25tb, 1SG0, as reported in the last volume of the " Law Journal," p. 864:— In the month of June. 1848, the defendant, Henry James Prince, obtained from Miss Louisa Jane Nottidge, tbe transfer into bis own name of two sums, making together tbe sum of £5728 7s ?d £3 per cent Bank annuities. This stock was the whole of her remaining fortune and her whole means of subsistence. The defendant claims to be entitled to retain it for his own use as a free gift made to him by this lady. She died intestate in the year 1858. Her brother, who is the plaintiff, instituted this suit as her legal personal representative, to recover tho property as her persona) estate. The bill avers that the alleged gift to tbe defendant was obtained b; misrepresentation and decepception, and was made under the influence of a gross delusion, inculcated and encouraged by himself for his own purposes, when she was incompetent to manage her own pecuniary affairs, or effectually to apply her mind to business of any description. If these allegations are sufficiently proved, tbe defendant cannot bo allowed to retain the property. Where a gift is made under tbe influence of delusion or deooption it cannot be valid. Whether tho delusion or deception relates to matters spiritual or matters temporal is immaterial for if tho gift be made under the influence of the delusion, the right of restoration is clear. There is ample evidence that the defendant cscrciced a powerful and undue dominion over tbe mind of Miss Not- tidgc and his other followers by assuming a false character. The character he assumed and which be induccd this lady to believe that be rcallysustaincd, be has himself described 1 in his crops examination in tbe following termB: " (Jod has developed through me his counsel and purpose' which I have mads known to others. I Lave declared that tbe Holy Ghost by me did close tbe daj of grace and introduce the judment. I have declared, and mean, that the Holy Ghost spake by me." To rational minds it may seem surprising tbpt any human being could be found with an understanding so weak and degraded as to submit to tbe influence and guidance of a person who thus epcaUs of himseif. Rut it appears that tho lady in question, Mies Louisa' Jane Nottidge, and tbroo of her sisters, tbe daughters of a respcetable country gentleman of considerable fortune, sub m it ted themselves entirely to his dictation. He 6ays: " The NottidgCB s called to see me after thoy had heard of my ministry. * * * * Three of ^e Miss Nottidges married. _ They all married after I beoame acquainted with them. Tbey all married persons who were aesoaiated with me, and whoso opions were tbe same as mine. I suppose I must say they married tbrongh my instrumentality, inasmuch as they married through my telling them that it was the will of God that they should so marry. * * * Their husbands procured tbeir money with their consent, and they gave it to me. I think tbey gave me between £5000 and £6000 each, or thereabouts " These passages, from tbe defendant's own depositions, are only a very small part of tbe evidence, which shows beyond all doubt that by falsely and blasphemously pretending tbat be bad a direct Divine mission, be imposed on these weak women, and obtained a gift of the whoie of their fortunes. As to the gift of £5728 by Miss Louisa Nottidge, which it is the object of the suit to set aside, the case is very clear. This unfortunate lady escaped the degradation of such a marriage as had been made the means of conveying all the money of her sisters into the pocket of tbe defendant and at bis bidding, without recourse to marriage is shewn by the faot that he once obtained from her £50 merely by writing nnd sending to her a letter in tbeBc words.—" The Lord bath need of £50 to be used for a special purpose unto His glory. The Spirit would have this made known unto you. Amen." His own description of the gift to him of the £5728 stock is in these terms: " Louisa, at the end of 1845, or beginning of 1846 requested me more than once to accept her money. She believed that I had special revelations upon particular subjects. Sbo gave me all her money after she came out of the lunatic asylum." These statements from the defendant's own mouth prove the case of a gift obtained by imposing a belief on tbe mind of a weak woman that he sustained a supernatural character. This successful imposture was the influencing motive of the gift, wd, therefore, vitiates it entirely. It is needless to inquire or speculate whether the defendant was himself also the victim of hie owa imposture. The most favorablo view of his oonduct would be that, under the influence of a disordered imagination, he really fancied himself to besuoh a supernatural being as he made these ladies believe. lDven it were possible to take this lenient view of the defendant's conduct, when the question is as to the validity of the gift, it is only neccssary to show tbat it was bestowed under the influence of a delusion. A great deal of tho arguments of counsel on both sides oonsisted in discussing the doctrine of tbe Court as to tbe validity of gifts obtained under the influence of religious or spiritual ascendancy. The grossness of tho imposture in the present case has nut it far beyond mere spiritual influence. But this gift must have been set aside as obtained under the influence of spiritual dominion, even if the false character assumed by the defendant had not been a part of the case. No person who stands in a relation of special confidence to another, so as to acquire habitual influence over bis mind, can accept any gift or benefit from tbe person who is under tbe dominion of tb^t influence, without danger of having the gift set aside. If it can be shown tbat a sufficient protection has been interposed against the exercise of this influence, there may be a case to BUBtain this gift: but the principle prevails where there exists a relation which naturally ere ites influence over tho mind. Therefore the doctrine extends to the relation of attorney and olient, of guardian and ward, of parent and child. But there does not arise from any of these relations an influence so strong as that of a minister of religion over a person under his direct spiritual charge. Fortunately the exalted character of the Christian ministers in this country makes tbe occurrences of such questions cstremely nire. When Lord Northington, in the case of Norton v. Eelbj, set aside a gift made by a lady to a Dissenting minister ho noticed that juch questions seldom occur. But tbe principle is clearly established in this Court. The strength of religious influence is far beyond that of gratitude to aguardian, trustee or attorney, and the same ground of public utility which requires this Court to guard against such influences has its most important application to that inr flucnco which is the strongest. In Roman Catholic countries, where spiritual influence has its highest dominion, public feeling has required tbe interposition of an absolute and imperative check. The law of Franoe, as stated by M. Pothier, absolutely prohibits not only all gifts bya penitent to bis confessor, but all gifts to that religious community of which the confessor is a member. In tho present ease tbe grossness of tho imposture and tbe weakness of the person who was imposed upon make the right of the plaiatiff very clear. It is impossible to overlook one of the results of this deoree, which muBt bo made in favour of tho plaintiff. He sues as legal personal representative, and when tho money is re stored it will be distributed amongst tbe next-of-kin. Two of the next-of-kin are still under the dominion of the defendant/a influence ai*d victims of Jiis impossture. Another is Mrs. Thomas, tho wife of ono of defendant's associates, whose marriage was effooted under tbe defendant's influence. The disgraceful conduct pursued towards her is detailed in the evidence. It is needless now to consider what her rights are as one of the next-of-kin. When the money is restored to the plsintif as legal personal representative, there will be sufficient means of asserting the rights of all the next-of-kin. In tbp n>eantin»e the daty of the Court is to declare that rtje ^usfer iijto the name of the defendant of tbe several sums of stock mentioned in the bill was improperly obtained and must be set aside. The stock must be transferred to the plaintiff as legal personal representative of Miss L. J. Nottidge, and all tbe divi- dends wbioh have accrued or become due on it since her death paid to the plaintiff. The defendant mnet pay to theplaintiff all the costs of the suits. 