VAM1UETIES. ' : When is a maiden most chaste (chased) ?--Wheu she in most run alter. ... Why are friends like money ? — Because it is your -- wants that roUse their sleeping value; ' - - 'Why is an ill fed doglike a philosopher ?— -Because hfc is a thin euri (thinker). : Why ia a plum puddhlg like a logical sermon f — Because it's full of raisins (reasons). ! Why ofu young children like castles in the a'u- 1 - Because thoir existence is all infancy (in fahOy). - . -When should an. innkeeper visit a foundry Whon lib wants a barmaid (bar- made) -'.'jb \- wnyisa noKot porcm- nico a cnici r oecauae lie t4kes other people's property. ' Why is jfrGeorge SharpaIWays aCconnted'4«iIly- follow 1 — Bocasc G sharp ie A flat (music). . '. r ' AVhy is a saucy , to Vcr like aff old fasfuflned in- ' striiineut of war?— Because ho is a crooa boiu (oross- bOw). . 'Why is a v/aitea- like a race -horse ?— Because he rims for the platc- . ;How many dog-stars are there ? — Throe. What are they? — Siriue and the two pointers. jTheru's no use in having a temper if you doUt kpow how to keep it. | Would a: botanist classify the Ghost iu ' Htinlet' as a species of deadly nigbt shade ? . Justico docs not hurt anybody. Like gftlls only the soro places. ' . .. - ; 'Hcroino' is perliaps as poculjar-a .word aa any in . our language ; the two first lottcra of it urb malb, 'J tllreo first female, tlic four first a brave man, and Die whole word a brave woman. iAU pleasure must be bought at the priof of psiii. Tjio. difference between ' falso pleasure and true is7.; just this— for tlie true the price is paid before you" : enjoy it ; for the false, . after you enjoy- it .—/oAft Postal. ... .... ---: 'A Dutchman being advised to rub his limbs well wjth bhmdyflfor rheumatism, said ho heard of the ve- ' iqedy, but -added, 'I dosb potter as dat — I drinks de brandy, then X rubs my legs "wid de botteL',, i ... -4 i A little girl of four years was recently called as' ft : witness in the Durham cqunty police court, and in answer to the question ob to what beeamo Of little 'j gjrls who told fies, she innoContly replied that they were sent to bed.' i By . tho ancient law of Hungaiy, a man convloted of bigamy was condemned touve with both wives iu the same house : the crime was, in consequence ex- ; tremcly rare. ! ' Eighty millions of liars in the bank 1'- said Mrs Partington as I read the amount of lire that Ga- ; ribaldi has foimd at Naples ; they are worse than they arc in the bank this way, then, and a good many more of 'omi' ' ' 'A man tho other day was brought, before a cbuu- - tiy magistrate fori poaching on . preserved covers. 'So, my man,' said the worthy -justice, 'you hava got into a' presorPc, eh d'- f Noa.Miaid tbe .nuu;''. ' pleaso yonr worship. I've got into a pioklo 1' : As pretty ;girl. and ,a wifdobona am .'liable <a:do.:'-i tqUoh inisohiof, for the one rims away with iv fel- i.< loVv's body, and the other runs . away with -hia hlarfcV ' i.::''"'--" . :! iWhat is the difference between a-duto&sed; pBtatoo aqd a.beehive ?— None at all for one 'is a spectator aqd the other a boholdsr- ; - . : Ai ." iAfter ii lone herded of wet weather,..whcn thoy hive prayed vamly for relief, the Chinese put 'thegr"' gads out in the rain, to see bow they like it. . (People who arc alwaya talMng sentimcnt have iutually no very deep fechng. The loan water you hive in your kettle the oooncr it begmu'to mikc a " nOise. Why do the young ladies look so jpneh ot the.p, mcoff ?— Because they think there is a man it, ' A oute Yankee fell into the river, and was gearjy drowned. AVhen asked what he. thought of.wjujo iu the water, replied 'Wai,' he said, ' I qjlc'lato I thought about furnishin' a pretty lively item for the newspapers,' - A naive little girl, inquiring what thewirea wore for which she noticed suspended from the telegraph pests, was told that tho people sefft messaees alohg them, ' Oh,'; said '.she, v 1 woncfor ..thqy doii't ffil Off.' ' ' ' ... , I!. - . When your corn. .shoots, prdr ypqr gimekefPp1' to take it, up. Never tell pccrets in cornfields j ljio torn lias cars. Never permit- a barber to go among ypur barley.; he may 'suave off its . beard,-'! T-hP-tept > rqmnant of flogging, threshing oorn. ! Two. gentlemen were examining , a new model p|ough at a stall, in the Market-place, Carlisle. ' 1 11 bet- ypii .i 'guinea,' says one, yoii - don't kpow what this is for.', 'Done,' says, the other, ' it's for sale.' The bet was won andthemoney waff piid. - . ... j- . ; A atory is, or was current in Oxford, of a yputh, bo elated .with an approving nod which ffe gpt from the examiner for liis reply, (6anl), tp the question, Who was the first Jewish kfagr-rrttiat hp leaned; forward, and added confidentially —' also lie was called Paul.' - . i- . i Canon Stowefl, in a recent speech, said that when catechising his school 'children, he asked, ' What did St Paul mean by the words, ' Fathonc .provoka: . npt your ehfidron to . yrath 'i For a jjine , there was a pause, when at last the plaintive vpjoa of a . poor pale boy reilliocl. ' Licking them so 'as to make tljcm angry.' . A recciit tourist, describing a visit to N6treDanie at Paris, says, ' Row Ilovo; the old GpfiijP cathe- - drals, tliat seem to . reuioye one at once from this. , : work-a-day. world-— the fanes wherein the ;vm7:> ajr ; septus redolent of devotion, and peopled withphanr . tome of the past I 'Spite ' of all disparagonrail, , .there is something grand and solemn about them !' , , The bellman of 'Waterton, aipionncing a teetotal meeting, scud it would be addressed by six females ' who. lmd uovop ippkeq before.' : 7 , There aro souls that fall from lioavoii liko ffqw-. ere, but ere thoy bloom are orushed - under tho foul tread of some brutal hoof. Polished steel will not shinp in the dark' : no mor ' cap .reason, however refined; shine cllicaoiously, but as it reflects tlie light of divine truth 'shed from . heaven. Marriage resembles a pair ol Bhorre, so jomed tliat they cannot bo separated. ; often moving in op- jiositp directions, yet always punishing any one who comes between them. A njoo Jiorae, yours, doctor! very—, valuable, boastthat,' saidMr Jas Green to Dr Skumer-'but what makes liim wag Iub tail so much, dootor )'„ ' Why the same reason that your tongue: wags, so-?, . a sort of natural weakness. Mr SpCroeon and the Twins. w-A recently published bqpk,,. ' . Traits of Character,! says that iMxSpiirgcon became tho father of twins, and, by e- i; happy . coincidence, ' ono the immature, resemblance of himself, tho other of Ins wife.'- , He was in the ,i pulpit when the intelligence of tho twins was .first . : brought to him. He at once gave out the hymn, commencing, ' Though loss than others I desorve, ..... Yet God hath givep me wore.' He might with equal appropriateness have quoted ., the first lino of, ono of Wesley's hyms, "Two are bottor far than one.' .A country reporter,, anxious to gain i favour, with,;" the newly appointed bishop of tile . diOoeao, thus,? described, his lordship on his enthromzation Hp " is a most venerable sample of antiquity.': But tq astonishment and the amozomont of all tho inhabi- ,. tantt,' it came out the noxt - morning in type. .'-.He— is a most miserohfoiiauiplc.of iniqiutji',f;A.,, : > 