medals and bifles. [From the Register.] TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—1 received my marksman's medal last week, and consider it a very shabby affair. The figure of the rifleman, which occupies the whole of one side, is most disgracefully executed. The arm is longer than the leg, the features are on distinguishable, and the gun is a short Enfield, and not the long Enfield, with which these medals are won. In our company we have a gentleman who could and would have made a really good medal, and there are several per- - sons* in Adelaide who have given proof that they could have turned out a really artistic article. But this is not the worst—£ have seen the champion gold medal, and it is identically the same in workmanship j and X consider it an" insult to the volunteers, and a disgrace to the authorities who had it made. If the winner took it to England, m wouH cither boeet down as Australian savages, or the credibility of the exhibitor would be liable to be disputed, as people at home would naturally think he had cut it out with his penknife on the voyage home. While on this subject I must advert to a remark made by you recently in recording the score made at first-class ranges with the new Enfields, which wonld lead volunteers to be lieve that they are better than the old ones, as you esy you have no record of so high a score as 17 having been made by the old ones. I am informed that Sir. Seott, of the Port Bifles, made that number; and the other scores made that day have all been exceeded; Mr. T. B. Joues having made 16, end several others having exceeded the other four scores. ! From numerous enquiries, I am led to believe that if a man has a good rifle he will bo very likely to change for the worse if he gets one of the new onea; and 1 shall not change mine unless I hear some far better accounts of them than have yet been published. JOHN SMALL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE EEGTSTEB. Sir—As you inserted my last growl I am induced to favour you with another. I thought the National Side Association was got up for the encouragement of volunteers, and there fore subscribed to its fnnds. To my surprise and disgust, and that of every other volunteer except the Free Sides, I find that there is not the ghost of a chance for any volunteer winning more than one prize ; the others will be taken by those few who are wealthy enough to purchase weapons superior to the Enfields, although they may be worse shots. Again, the volunteer prize is to be shot for in any position, which I do not think right, as many cannot afford to buy ammunition for private practice, and therefore should be allowed to fire for at least one prize in the position taught them by their instructors. I hope this list of prizes will be reconsidered and altered, as it is mani festly unfair to those who, like myself, have spent so.me £25 in cash and an immense amount of time in perfecting themselves in the use of the Cfc/rernment weapon, and who are ! not inclined to lay out £25 more in the pur chase of a superior one. I am, Sir, &<?., JOHN SMALL. 