E®cal Intellifltiitt. LAYING OF THIS FOUNDATION SI'ONIS OF NEW C IlUilC II AT BURROWA. THE HISIIOP OF SYDNEY S TOl'it. KUOJl A CottRESrONDENT.) we have recorded sonic particulars of the recent visit of the Lord Bishop of Sydney to Laiuhing Flat, as far as Banning, the residence of J. C. Wellman, Esq., where he, in company with the Rev. T. lveminis, arrived on Wednesday sc'nnight. The Bishop reached Burrangong about mid-day mi Thursday, nnd in the nftornoon pro ceeded to Spring Creek, where thc.resident minister, the Rev. R. II. May no, had ar ranged f..r his lordship to preach. Owing to the early hour, and to the fact that the ma jority of tho former inhabitants of Spring Creek have lately left that 1. utility, very lew persons indeed attended. In the even ing the Bishop again preached, and at a ser vice held in tho long-room of Mr. Phillips' Inn. A large and orderly assemblage, nuinlicring about one hundred and twenty, were present, and listened with great at tention to a most impressive and eloquent discourse on the parable of the "Prodigal Ron." During his stay in Burrangong. the "Bishop was most hospitably entertained at the Camp. Early on Friday morning his lordship stnrtcd for Btirmwa, whore ho ar rived about half-past one p.m., and at a later hour in tile afternoon, Inid the first stone of the proposed new Church of Eng land in that district. Previous to the cere mony, divine service was held in the Court house. Prayers were read by the Rev. T. Kemmis, and a sermon of a very striking and appropriate character, especially in con nection with the interesting event of the day, was delivered by the Bishop to the congregation assembled. After the service all present, numbering over one hundred persons, and- consisting of the principal in habitants of the township, and gentlemen with their families resident in Burrowa district, adjourned to the site of the new church. The locality granted by GovernV incut is a well chosen spot, on the custernV side of the town. Prayers appropriate to the occasion having been offered up, the parchment to ho deposited within the cavity beneath the foundation stone was presented to his lordship by N. Ii. Besnard, Esq., of Kangiaroo, who requested his lord ship in tho name of thcsnbscrii crs toprucecd with the ceremony. The first stone 'was then laid by tho Bishop, with these words : —"I lav this stone, as the foundation stone of a Church of England in Burrowa, to he dedicated to tho worship and service of Al mighty God, and to be called the Church of St. .John the Baptist, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tile Holy Ghost. Amen." The following is a copy of the inscrip tion placed beneath the corner stone: — "The foundation stone of this church, to he called St. John the Baptist, was laid by the Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney, on Friday, the 13th day of September, in the year of our Lord 18fi1, in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of her most GraciGtis Majesty Queen Vic toria, and in the first year of the adminis tration of the Government of the Colony of New South Wales by his Excellency Sir John Young, Bart., Goveniur-in-Chief of the colony and its dependencies, and Vice- Admiral of the same." Prayer was then again offered, and the Divine blessing invoked upon the under taking, after which the Hundredth Psalm was sung by the assembly. At this stage of the proceedings the Bishop addressed those present with refer ence particularly to the ceremony in which they were all engaged. 11c congratulated most heartily all engaged in the good work, anil while acknowledging the goodness of Almighty God which had so far prospered their efforts in tho face of much discourage ment and difficulty, he trusted that the same Divine blessing would enable them to bring that work to a successful issue, liis lordship dwelt most forcibly upon tiie ne cessity and advantages belonging to those means of grace afforded by the erection of el) u relics and the establishment of Sunday schools, where the pure word of God was preached, and where children were brought up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Tito importance of the rcligious'in- struction thus imparted, as influencing most, powerfully those who were the heads of families now, aiid those who, as children, were destined to be the men and women of succoding generations, was forcibly illus trated. Expressing an earnest hope that all the high and holy privileges flowing from these religious ordinances', where in telligently received, might he enjoyed by the future worshippers in the church of St. John the Baptist, the Bishop concluded by a hearty appeal to tho liberality of all interested in the accomplishment of the work thus auspiciously begun. Collections were made towards the build ing fund to the amount of nearly £33. The Bishop having pronounced the bene diction, the assembly dispersed to their re spective homes. 