A BALLAD OF TANNA. [FROM A MS. LEGEND.] BY HENRY KENDALL. She knelt by the Dead, in her passionate grief, Beneath a weird forest of Tanna ; She kissed the stern brow of her father and chief, And curst the dark race of Alkanna ! With faces as wild as the clouds in the rain, The sons of Kerrara came down to the plain. And spoko to the mourner, and buried the slain Oh I the glory, that died with Deloya I "Wahina," they whispered, "Alkapna Iies low, And the ghost of thy sire hath been gladden'd. For the men of his people have fought with the foe, Till the rivers of Warra are reddenedl !" She lifted her eyes to the glimmering hill, Then spoke, with a voice like a musical rill, .The time is too short I can I sojourn here still !" Oh ! the Youth that was sad for Deloya ! "Wahina, why linger," Annatanam said, "When the tent of a chieftain is lonely ! There are others who grieve for the light that has fled, ,And me who exists for you only !" "Go, leave me," she cried, " I would fain be alone I must stay where the trees and the wild waters moan, For my heart is as cold as a wavc-beaten stone !" Oh ! the Beauty that mourned for Deloya ! Wahina, why weep o'er a handful of dust, When the souls of the brave are approaching ! Oh ! look to the fires that are lit for the just, And the mighty who sleep in Arrochin I" But she turned from the glare of the flame-smitten sea, And a cry, hike a whirlwind, came over the lea "Away to the mountains and leave her with me." Oh ! the heart that was broke for Deloya ! 'Tarnna is a large island situated in the group known as "The New Hebrides." It may be necessary to add that Alkanna and Kemira are the names of the two rival tnbes of aborigines. They seem to have some belief in an hereafter existence existence. LAND SALE.-The following allotments of land, situate at Broughton Creek, were sold at the Court- house, Kiama, on Satutday, the 6th instant :-Lot 1, 99a 2r, William Boyd, at £1 per acre-£99 10s ; 2, 113a lr, James Boyd, at £1 10s per acre-£169 17s 6d ; 4, 57a, Alex. Irvine, at £1 per acre-£67 j 6", 49a, Robert William M'Kellar, at £1 9s per acre, -£71 Is ; 10,129a lr, Elizabeth Murphy, at £1 4s Cd per acre-£170 6s lOd ; 13, 100a 2r, John Cullen, at £1 per acre-£100 10s ; < 14, 132a 2r, Robert Knight, at i£l per acre-£132 10s j 3,6, 58a 2r, Donald M'Kenzie, at £1 7s per acre-£78 19a 6d ; 16, 58a lr, Donald M'Pherson, at £1 11s per acre-£90 5s 9d ; 17,] 155a, Donald M'Pherson, at £1 Is per acre-£162 15s|; 22, 89a, John Chisholm, at £1 pel acre-£89 ; 23,, 160a, John BoxseU, at £117s 6d per acre-£300 ; 24,, 101a, William Berry, at £1 16s per acre-£181 16s| ; 25, 212a, William Berry, at £1 per acre-£212 ; (Kiama town allotments) 28, 2a (section 2A), Thomas Fowler, at £102 per lot-£102.-Kiama Examiner, PROFESSIONAL THIEVES ON A TODB.-The Singleton correspondent of the Maitland £t»ign writes to that journal, stating that several notorious thieves and gamblers arrived in the Hunter district lately from the metropolis. After doing some business in Maitland, it would appear they made their appearance at Single ten Races, at which they were by no means idle. A fellow was seen by one of the "fly" gentlemen to be officiously employed in wiping with a handkerchief the smeared face and eyes of a drunken man, whom he had assisted to raise from the ground, and at the same tims dexterously searching the unfortunate's clothes in quest of money, of which no doubt he relieved him. . A more important incident in connection with the visit ; of these thieves and sharpers took place pa the second . day, of the rices, wherein a loss of £50 or thereabouts was sustained. A genteelly-dressed individual arrived in | Singleton on tho day previous to the races, and put up that night and follow- ing day at' the Caledonian Hotel (Hewitt's). On the Becond day of the sports £40 were missing from the drawers of Mr. Hewitt's bedchamber, the key, having been incautiously left in the look. The gent, lodger had disappeared, rand was strongly suspected. Measures for his apprehension wereim-. mediately taken, and £9 were found upon him. Nothing being identified as wrong, he was released. However, a little- while after, a lady residing at Hewitt's hotel complained Di the loss of the sum of £9, and the description answered exactly to the money in the possession of the _gent., aforesaid. Upon Ibis information the police were again on the alert, and,the "swell" was retaken on. the Toad to Malu land with some others. Bat now it was discovered that he had no cash upon him,in explanation of which : circumstance he stated that he had lost his money in gaming. Several skeleton keys were found on him, and one false key was picked up in Mr. Hewitt's bed- room, which, it is believed, had belonged to the same catalogue. The fellow wss safely lodged va the watch-house. Doubtless the amounts missing have been passed on to the care of some of his associates, "fences," for the convenience of such rogues, also in the gang. < JAHBEBOO, < July 6.-The correspondent of the K%ama Examiner, writing to that journal, says :-Our settlers seem to be doing what in them lies to meet the altered state of tue market for produce in general ; and the country Tound about this settlement is assuming something more Of the appearance of an agricultural territory in the strict sense of the word. Many spots which, in the prosperous days of butter, > were left as a *' run" for dry cattle and idle horses, are now being cleared and brought under the whole- some influence of the plough. It is to be hoped that these efforts will have the effect of restoring some degree of prosperity to the district, the condition of which, at present, is such that in spite of its whole- some air and sweet waters, I believe a large proportion of its inhabitants might be induced by the most slender prospect of improving their circumstances, to leave it to be once more overgrown by the scrub and brush from which it has been so recently reclaimed. ROBBERY WITH FinE-AnMS.-Writing from Gun- dagai, a correspondent says :-On the 5th instant, about eight o'clock in the evening, a party of eight men, miners- two Germans and six Englishmen proceeding to Lambing Plat diggings, were camping in the bush, about half a mile from Hanley's inn at Coolac, near Gundagai, when three armed men rode up, one of whom told the camping party that he was the police magistrate, and that his companions were constables; that a woman had been Bhot at Mrs. Hanley's just before (the ruffians had fired off a gun in front ot Mrs. Hanley's house, the report of which wss heard by the camping party) ; and that, as suspi- cion had fallen upon these men, his duty was to order them in the Queen's name to surrender, and allow themselves to be searched. This the men did, and one of the robbers searched all of them, and took alto- gether about £40. When the search was completed the robbers rode off. remarking that "that was a decent way to do it. There is no doubt that two of these men were the same that robbed the mail on the ? 24th ultimo, near Jugiong. The same men also attempted a robbery at Arnold's, at Gogalong, on Sunday night last ; and robbed two bullock-drivers a short time since near Conroy's Gap, fifteen mileB from Yass. .OOMOTJS EPITAPH.-The following epitaph is to be found in a church at Carmarthen :-" Here lyeth ye Body of Anne ye wife of John Phillips, of Carmar- then, Gent., bom A.D. 1646, died Feby. ye l8ch, 1720\. She possessed in a great degree ye virtues and felicities of her sex, was ye Mother of many children, of whom six survived her. She had ye uncommon happiness to see those sis well settled and living all near her, in prosperous circumstances. Tne great duties of private life she discharged with equal prudence and success, and waa at once an affectionate wife and a tender mother. She had ye comfortable satisfaction of seeing her six children married in ve same order they were born." A CHILD AT THE OPEEA.-Children are little Orientals. Eazzle them with a far- extending eastern land, with dewy rays, and the hues of flowers. Fasten to the stories you tell them wings which shall bear them away over our northern mountains and northern headlands into warm sunny gardens. Let your first marvel for them be, what Christ's first miracle was the changing of water into wine, of reality into poetry. ..... In after years, when your children look on the moonshine and splendours of evening, a won- derful rapture will softly well up, and they will not know what unknown ether breathes upon them and elevates them. The morning zephyr ef your child- hood is fluttering about you, my children! Does not the opera place before their eyes the fairy romance, and spare their ears any moral contamination, by the unintelligibility of ' singing, whicn besides lets fall a beneficent twilight over intrigue and proBe ? And does not even of itself what is gaudy and coarse and common in its juxta-position with what is noble (fox example in the '* Zauoeiflote "), as it were the bctrotal of an ape and a nun, operate more in favour of moral elevation, and more in opposition to moral depravity r It appears to me that the opera-this living, acting fairy tale, in which the music elevates metrically, and the brilliant scenery romantically - might change the heavy waggon-drivers and fools of the present time into airy butterflies, which is especially and for this reason the more necessary, that prose, but not poesy, is easily learned, and wings can more easily find feet than feet can find wings. At the same time I have here in all this more suggested than asserted, particularly as every- thing may be sooner risked and more easily re- placed than the innocence of childhood.-Jean Paul's ¿evana. BIOWN PROM GtiNS.-So frequent did these exe- cutions necessarily become, that, in very familiarity, even Englishmen of gentle spirit and merciful nature began to look on them with little concern. When the excitement shall have subsided, and such acts 'have become history, some men perhaps will read of them with horror, as deeds of ruthless cruelty, un- worthy of a Christian people. But no one who has passed through them, whatever be his temperament, will ever regard them otherwise than as acts, net only of retributive justice for violated faith and wronged confidence-for kindness and liberality re-' quited by deliberate rebellion and cold-blooded, murder-but as acts of stern necessity for the safety of those who wero still alive. Either their lives or ours was the sad alternative. Mercy at such a moment would have been mistaken for weakness and fear, and all would have been lost. It was in this spirit that stern justice was dealt to the rebels. There waa no« < thing of harsh unfeeling ctuelty, much lees aught approaching to revenge, that prompted to the firm uncompromising course adopted at Lahore and Pea hawur. There may be, there must -be, deep regret that so many poor wretches-traitors, fanatics, Or dupes-should have been doomed to so appalling a death ; but the names of Sir John Lawrence, Mr. Montgomery, Colonel Edwardes, and such men, are the best guarantee that necessity required such a sacrifice of life if the English still alive were to be preserved and India to be saved.-The Punjab and Delhi in 1867. SABBATARIANISM X9J Saus.-AS far es Sabba- tarianism is considered, "ftosBSji» th* Glasgow of Italy. All Bhops, except druggists', tafe-mintar, and places of retreshment, are hermetically dosed on Sundays, Even the barbers have to close at half-past ten in the morning under a heavy fine, and du-ing the Sundays in Lent cafés and eatinghouses are shut throughout the afternoon, because the waiters are supposed to go to catechism. The English reading-rooms are locked up ; there is no delivery of letters, and no mails go out. A French band plays on the Pincian at sunset, and the Borghese gardens are thrown open ; but these, till evening, are the only publie amusements. At night, it is true, the theatres are open, but then in Ho-, man Catholic countries Sunday evening is universally accounted a feast. To make up for this the theatres are closed on every Friday in the year, as they are, too, throughout Lent and Advent ; and once a week or more, there is sure to be a saint's day as well, on Which shops and all are closed, to the great trial of A traveller's patience. All the amusements of the Papal subjects are regulated with the strictest regard to their morals. Private or public gambling of any kind, excepting always the Papal lottery, is strictly suppressed. There are no public dancing places of any kind, no casinos, or "cafés chantants." Ko public masked balls are allowed, except one or two on the last nights of the Carnival. The theatres them- selves are kept under the mest rigid surveillance. Everything, from the titles of the plays to the petti- coats ot the ballet-girls, undergoes clerical inspection. The censorship is as-unsparing of "double en tendres" as of political allusions, and " Palais Royal" farces« are "Bowdlerised" down till they emerge from the' process innocuous and dull ; compared with one at' the " Apollo," a ballet at the Princess's was a wild and voluptuous orgy.-Rome in 1860, by Edward Dicey. THB OÍD STAGE COACHMAN.-Stage coaches and stage coachmen belong so entirely to the past, that already there are many men, playing prominent parts in' life's drama, who have never made a journey exceeding twelve miles along a turnpike road, upon tiie roof of a public conveyance. The carriages have been broken up, and their drivers ere well nigh. forgotten ; the popular idea of a coachman of" the good old time3" bearing just the same resemblance to tie, original character as the heroes of melodrama bear to the heroes of real life. Mr. Weller, sen., is, for a caricature, a sufficiently faithful portrait, bat his school was only a part of the ribbon-handling fraternity, which fifty years since numbered in its ranks a greater proportion of gentlemen out of" luck, than en y other vocation open to men of the humblest condition. Although theoretically the coachman was a servant, working for wages, prac- tically he was a gentleman exercising an esteemed art for a fee, and was treated by aristocratic patrons with1 the same consideration and courtesy they displayed ' to their lawyers and physicians.- Retired officers of the {army, members of the learned professions, and impoverished men of rank, came to " the road " as an employment by which, with a 'comparatively small L ' sacrifice of dignity, they could earn the income denied them in more honourable fields of exertion. '-' In the days when coach- proprietors were as great; men as railroad contractors are now, when Richard * Ironmonger represented Stafford and William' "J Chaplin sat for Salisbury in Parliament, their principal ?. whips" were not unfrequently ,the first cousins and younger brothers of the landowners: through whose parks they galloped their foaming ' ' teams. Proben, the handsome fellow who for years ' drove the Reading coach, wa* a retired army captain, and only quitted " the road," in order that he might ' enjoy an estate in Gloucestershire which he had inherited. In the same way Dennis, who finished his career on the Not A ich road, was a clergyman, and gave up a Berkshire viearage, when he mounted the box of the Bath '» White Hart." Indeed, the earnings of a coachman were sufficient to attract a superior class of men. A popular whip on a good road had no diffi- culty in making from two to four guineas a-day. Such terms ofered strong temptations to gentle- men under a cloud, who had acquired "the mystery" from members of the I*. D. C. (Bedford Driving Club), or the Bang Up," whose splendid equipages, often to the number of thitty, used every Sunday afternoon to block up Oavendish-squere before making progress round Hyde Park, to the intense delight of the hurrahing multitude. The consequence wes, that a paid coach, man was sometimes the best bora, heit bred, snd best educated men on the outside of his crowded coach. Of course such an one found "the profession" especially lucrative. In addition to the customary fee which travellers without regard to their mei>ns or sympathies, were compelled to pay a man of culture, capable of whiling away the tsdium of the journey with entertaining gossip, often received a considerable honorarium. A county magnate, after traveUinj from London to Hampshire, felt constrained to slip gold into the hand of the Jehu who had treated him with a quotation from Horace, and had throughout the ' period of transit agreed with him in politics. Athenäum. ... THB LADIES AND THE CBNsus.-^Thfe Government actuary, Mr. Finlaison, must be, we 'suspect, worse than s confirmed old bachelor ; aye, a rusty, fusty old bachelor. -The following ungenerous remarks, in ' a recently published Government report, in reference to 35,000 English ladieB, will, we are certain, be re- ceived with astonishment by those who know of the ' ' utter impossibility of so many thousand ladies being capable of making false representations. He says, " It is mentioned in that report that ' persons of the age of 20 in 1851 must have been ten years of age in 1841, and persons of the age of 25 in 1851 must have been of the age ef 15 in 1841 ; and as there is a cer- tain number, of losses by death, it is evident that, excluding the effects of migration, the numbers at age 20 to 25 m 1851 must be less than the numbers living at the age 10 to 15 in 1841, of whom they (20 to 26) are the natural Burvivors. What are the statements which the abstract of ages expresB í 1841-The number of girlB aged 10 to 15 was .1,003,119 1851-The number of young women aged 20 to 25 was, as stated in the returns. .1,030,456 Now, as the first number could never have swollen in 10 years te the magnitude of the second, we are driven to the hypothesis, that in 1841 and 1851 the heads of families returned several thousand ladieB of the higher ages at the age of 20 to 25 ; and the hypothesis is confirmed by comparing the diminished numbers returned at the age of 30 to 35 in 1851 with the numbers returned at 20 to 25 in 1841, where it is evident that the latter number -is in deficiency as much as the former number is in excess. 1841-The number of young women of the age 20 to 25, as stated in the re- turns, was. 973,096 1851-The number of women of the age 30 to 35, as stated in the returns, was.... 763,711 ; The report goes on to show that notwithstanding an acknowledged disturbing influence caused by the im- migration of Irish into Great Britain during the ten years 1841-51, ' upon comparing the above numbers with those for males at the corresponding ages, the conclusion appears to be inevitable, that some 35,000 ladies, more ox less, who have entered themselves in the second age, twenty to fortv, really belong to the third age, foi ty to sixty. Thousands have allowed themselves to be called twenty, or some age near it, x which happens to be the age at which marriage is commonly contracted in England.' 