LITERATURE. . — o — -THE DAYLIGHT SPECTRE. ' The queerest ghost story, I nip bound to say, 1 'orer heard was from Honor Guinness. I cannot think of it yet without being a little nervous— by iovo 1 Honor was a ' follower' of our family, and knew all its legends and traditions, from the date of the battle of Anghrim, down to the famous hurling, match and faction fight of Bally crissane, in which ray great- grandfather, trying to make peice and keep his party in order, was thrown off his horse, and had his nose broken right across by a blow of a 'hurl,' by which his' beauty was spoiled, she ? *.l i_ 1.! — ,1..!n« .I*.** If Vrtu liiira n rrrnaf maiiv old stoties, Honor,' said I to her one winter night, as we sat gossiping over the kitchen fire, (Honor had been my dry nurse, and, lad of eighteen as I then was, I could not help still feeling at times like the ? nurseling she had reared up with such tenderne3s and care). ' Honor, you hare a great many old stories, to be sure ; but there is ono old story I have never yet heard frrim you, and I'll never let you alone until you tell it: it's the story about poor gran'-uncle Florence.' ' tlould yer tongue, child 1' shrieked Honor. ' God be good to us, an' how did the boy pick up that — at all, at all 1' ' I heard Miles Bodkin speak of it, Nurse,' I said, ' the last lime he was here ; but ho got sorry, and wouldn't finish it after.' 'Miles Bodkin is an ould pra'.e. box, like every sthawka* of his sort,' said Honor, angrily j ' don't ax me, agra, to talk of that story/ suro it wouiilii't do ye good if ye war to hear it.' t was naturally superstitious enough ; and cuiioBity, I btlieve, is nearly always in propor tion to the amount of fear inspired ; therefore, ,? it was of so use for Honor to dissuade me. The story I should have; so sh2 began — rooking herself as she spoke over tho dyin^ embers: — 'Well, avournecn, your gran' -uncle, poor Florence Donelan, was as fi?.e a young man as there was in tho seven parishes, be the other who he might. Forenr ! ferear!\ alanna machrce ! that ever ye war born (apostrophizing my dead gran'-uncle) ' I'm an ould woman Misther John Asthore' said Honor looking at me with ghastly eyes, 'but I'm not tlie bettheryet of what happened in regard of him more than forty years ago now.' ' Where did it happen nurse' said I, 'was it in thiB place?' 'No Alanna thanks be to God, it did'nt happen here 'twas in the ould house — 'twas in the ould house that's now with scarcely one stone standing upon another, twas there your gran' - father lived atthe time — well as I was saying Misther Florence was as fine a young man as could be seen in the whole country round — six feet two in his boots, wid beautiful long brown hair, an' a pair ir eyes that ud light up a room — there wasn't the likea iv him aither in the whoie place for a ridher — he'd folly the lioun's over ditch and wall, in sich style as no other ? gentleman in the neighbourhood nor beyant could aiqual, I heerd my poor Father (God rest his soul) say too' there was'nt a betther man in the ling as they call it — that he'd box wid the champion iv Englan' liimsel' j bat besides all this, he had the .. larnin', as well as the priesht— Father Thressy was fur.niyin year in the family, an' he sed Misther Florence was the brightest iv them all, but that's naither here nor there Alanna— wid all this to boast , iy poor Misther Florence was a black sheep in the family— among the five brothers he wa* the only one that naither father nor mother, priest uor bishop could make anything iv but juht what he liked him 8el' — God forgive him, but he was afcard iv notliin v — aeed there was'nt much iv aithec love or fear in ^l-im, an there was little use thryin' to change him, ^and diyarshun from mornin' till night, from year's (''^?.li^SF.8 J'ds IleJ'?ed to be at all the races in the country— aye 1 jn &(»,»!? ?:1-.'J-'' '*''''' «??'''»' °'17' ?'DetiTnVa'ri1 gamTjlin'j nn' dhrinkin', an' all sorts of I t _aasil,m»ot.*-hy» ?-'-'«' ?''? wuW-oafSiVan' sWmiV ?when -anyone crossed him at all in anything —this was his life fur years, from the time he was a boy till he cum to be, I might say, betune four or five and twinty -, it's well I renumber him' soliloquized Honor, ' 'tis he had the fun and frolic in him to be sure, he'd have a pleasant word for every one, and that may be at times whin other people 'ud be shakin' for fear, 'twould be somebody besides a man that 'ud keep him down or frecken him, he'd break through everything put before him. ' Honor,' sis he to me one day, do you see this lep ? (child de;ir, 'twas agate over seven feet high an' spiked , at the top) ' Honor' says he, 'what would ya say If I took this at one bounce?' I screeched milia murther to be sure, but 'twas av no me, off he went like a rocket, 'till the sight left my e)es, but there He was in a minit on th1 other side.' '? Well, but Honor' said I ' go on with the story, I'm anxious to hear the end of it— oh ! 'twas the bitther end to be sure,' answered Honor, ' but housomiver here it is,'- and she went on ; and as I said before, told me the queerest ghost -story I ever heard, thongh the wholes couise of my life before or since. As Honor's patois however, might not in general be quite as in telligible to others as it was to me, nor sonnd very euphoniously besides to '.' ears polite,' I think it woll to remodel her narrative and communicate it in my own proper persoii..^ I have since also learned many particulars not related by old Honor, which make the story more interesting albeit tinging it with even a deeper gloom. To begin— the old house of Briarfield was the residence of my grandfather Ce'nty Donelan— a murky old pilo.it was by all accounts, ' grand enough for a lord,' the tenants said, ' and worthy to he ' the coort' of the ould ancient stock that owned it !' In front of tlie house and not more than a quarter of a mile front it, there spread a Urge and gloomy looking lake deokod. with two or three small islandi, prettily wooded, in one of them my grandmother had erected a tasteful little imnmer- home overhung with luxuriant oaks nnd elms, and nicely ornamen ted nvithin by spar and shell work of various patterns. .., 'What a peaceful upot was this little island : there it sat green as nn emerald, on ths bosom of the lonely lake, listening tay after day to the booming sound made against its base by tho restless waters— in its long sedge and clustering ivy.the curlewand wild- duck nestled and reared their young, making the spot vocal with ? tlii'ir plaintive call during the breizy evenings of spring. A gaily painted boat might often be ilU. ? corned upon the dark grey 'Lough,' in which usually reclined the burly form of Shemtis the factotum of the establishment— tho boatman— the woodranger-tlio dog boy, and t|le occasional gar dener of Briarfield. Shetnus could till many stranga traditions connected with the lake—of the big eel— 'aye, us big as a horde !'— which had been mahy-a time seen there by his own father, and grandfather, though never by himself , and of the \- -great battle which, far back among tin.- Krey mist, time, had been fouBht,upon its shores 'by the D.-nw and the ould ancient Irish.' yM, iMutAM was I elm«o mil ? hlU better than Hut, it WM t'io aboda of pMoe .and plenty-of fun aild frolu.( ,,„, furelnost ; among* its inmates in pooling every .cent- of ftiiiyiljr, wa« young F|oreilca Dolle, ,st * '''-nest and most in.e.1 igml In *s country gentlemen were neither literary ? 'rd''g toour 'nore modern notions: , ,_ . ^ tol°™l-ly well educated; it Vllouso, and not of eny oe j:,,:...,- „ , . ?idStiaid that ho would mR™ Inc ''? t0 '»«» «-? those djnoant to support tho'.ri. scholarly priest, nor refined-^Vld.b0 dono to thior Salannnca, ' , ^-m favour of tho Be Ulto. , but many of them we. .^ l' . ^ and being usualin every fnmu?«ed to tho bili^ J-racy «n inmate of their house some Sh^oforo- °l-?t)ent a student, it might be, of Si. Oinorl'8 to brlnB* who stood in tho double capacity ol- pointing ohaplain to the family. Father MaUci adopted who resided in the housa ol Briarfield, haihofc^of many years of hU life in Sp.in, and was an cSS csllent specimen of tho old-school Catholic clergy man. No one could soe Father Malachi without being impressed by his simple, grave, and dignified manner, and his well- favoured and stalely presence j and a thorough knowledge of his character could not fail to secure for him unbounded reverence and esteem : he was a true apostle, '? wise .13 the serpent, yet simple as the dove,' entirely single-minded and unworldly, acting on all occasions without the slightest alloy of self-seeking or cold calculation. Poor Father Malachi ! what a profound knowledge ha had of human nature in the abstract; he was a philosopher on a vast scale, but in the ordinary affairs of life — {concretely as he would say himself) there were some people who wickedly, enough used to define him as ''an intellectual fool,' he had certainly been duped and imposed upon ' many a time and oft,'..by people of all ranks, at home and abroad, it was a wonder indeed, many used to add, why the very clothes had not been .£toleii..ofF.,his back during his: travels, or : that he and his effects ? (such as they were) had. ever found their svay;aeross the sea and land in safety. Such, was Father Malachi, the. preceptor, during their father.'s life of the young Ddnelans, who, while reading the classics with the good .Father, .contrived;; to employ, their hours of vacation, so as amply to make amends forr the dulness of their' lime in the 'school-room.'^Tlie'. family resident at Briarfield at.\ the.*; time (of(my' story were my grandfather, Centy— who had, lately.- succeeded to the fa-nilyplaceahd property by 'the- death of his father— his two brothers, Florence and William, and Basilia' or 'Silia 'DcncJan',' their only s unmarried sister. But a few months had elapsed since the death of old Mrs. Donelan, -whoi' poor lady, had never recovered from the shock of seeing her husband ' brought home to her dead on a dobr,'frbm the effects of a frightful wound he had received at a stag-hunt,* from the infuriated animal, as it stood at hay alter a hard day's chase. Old 'Father Malachi's'stately : carriage grew sadly drooped, and a deeper shade.fell upon his serious face from the day his old friend lay before him' a gory. .corpse, '' unannoiuted, unuir nealed,' it was a sore- trial to the vanerable priest '? wha had been under that* roof for 'twenty years; bu' other troubles yet. awaited him, from' which iii,'nfter years he thanked God those lie had loved so, well had escaped. One day, wintry and drear as.it was, brought to Briarfield a piece of news'wliich filled the house and all the hearts in , it, with sunshine and happiness — here was great news to be sure: James D' Alton, the cousin German and ^ear-friend of old Gorgias Djnelan .was absut to return home to poor old Ireland after years upon years.,of, absence — return, too, a wealthy man. Tie had gone to seek fortune and found it, and now meant to enjoy him self, where, he said, he alone oQuld,;.and 'thaLwss among kith and kin ..nt.Eriai-.fieldpciffa'eisewhere. He wrote some particulars of ; what his .career-had been— after a short stay in America he had gone to ramaiea, and there, married the only daughter of a rich Creok- planter of French extraction, and by '?'?S.!-U!;''_ce ''al* ™V»™* property, to a considerable ? r , ' ? J u-'--*^ i-AOrnrwnonr-ttic Happy young Irishman had wooe_d jnd.won.aurvjlved 'no»snTnK~'faiK6rJoC\^tfn~'--hU*arirn, «. boy nna gl.lV-T Uoboy died wliea a» ia fant.-ilio wWl_»g*ryjvo.\,.).i..V.. _j...^-- ? --. ...uu ui iilt TSTTjer's return to [relaud about the age af seventeen or eighteen. The West Indian Heiress' as she was called :reated a vast se nsation on her arrival at Briarfield —indeed t he whole country rang with her name and pretensions, for she, was not only an heiress but a benuty— a most superb and brilliant beauty, com billing the aristocratic grace and Iangour of the Creole with the freshness and varying sensibility of expression— s.a-'peeuliar to the genuine Irish girl— Eulalia D'_ Alton was indeed a beauty, 'white as the driven snow' as tho old people used to describe her with sable lnir and eyes— immense dark eyes— which if set in a king's crown would be of infinitely greater lustre and value than U«s world-famous Koh-i-noor itself— ah I those eyes; what mischief they caused in that hither to tranquil country house ! with' such eyes glittering as diamonds in her head, and gold pieces of kindred brightness in her coffers, was it any wonder indeed that she set the whole country, in a blaze? woke up in fact the whole range of the passions in the hearts of both men and woman around' 'her. Inspiring love and haired, hope and fear, anger and jealousy, envy and avarice by her very presence. All the eligiblo squires around sought to win that fair and precious hand, but Eulalia D' Alton was not .easily to be won as her many suitors very soon found. The '.young lady even if nature In d not made her.a coquetfe could lur dly have escaped becoming one in the atmosphere of idolatry and adulation by which she was surrounded: but whereas nature had done something towards investing her with every graceful feminine attribute; and circumstances lent their fostering aid ; she was for her years be it regretfully said, meat wonderfully accomplished in that eminently feminine science. (2o be continued.) Tim TuponTANOB ov .Pujjctuamty — Method is the very hinge of business; and there is no method wuhout punctuality.' Pimotunlity is important, because it promotes tho peace and 4oil temper of a family. The wunt of it not only in fringes on nectary duty, but sometimea excludes this duty. 'I ho calmness of mind which it pro (luces is another udvantngo of punctuality A. clis orderly mini is always in a hurry ; ho Iws no time to speak to you beeaiwo ho is going olaewhero ; and when ho gets there ho is too late for his busing, or ho must hurry away to another beforo ho can finish it. Punctuality gives weight to character. Sueli a man has mado nn appoint r.uiU— then i know ho will keep it.' And this generates puno tuahly in you; for, lika- ot-'.or virtues, it pro - pagutcs itself. Servant* ami ohildron must bo punctual when their lenders are so. AiiDoi.it ?iwnts, mdeod, become debt.. I owe you puno. timlity if I h*vo uiiidd an appointm.'iit'wiih von ? nnd have no ri-;ht to throw mvny your timo if 1 do my own — Old Jonathan. Lvkluknck op Nkh'si'ai'kiis. -Small is the sum that is ivquirod to putroi.ijo a hL-wsniip. r mid .imply rewarded u it., patron. I euro not how humble und uiipretoiiuin^ thu guwtto ivliiuh ho tukus. It is next to impoHaiblu to lind a nheel with printed mutter without putting into it some thing that im worth tho subscription price. lCvery pii-ent whoso son w away from homo .it suhool Hliuuld supply him with n nowspiipur. I nvll iv meiubor wliat .\ inarke:l ilillVivm;t. [\K~lt w.^ [,.,' twvi-ii tho^o of my sehiiolii^itoM who had, an,| than wl.o hud not, iwi'.m to newspttp.-^. OiIht thi,r. being rqiml, tho Ill-rtt were ulwavn deeidrdlv hi. perior to thu last in d«V»ti-, co.npu.titiou, ami nun. oral intolliiiuiiuiv— ./;.„„-/ -r,:!,x/,;: Tho wouiun must, think tho men nro sm-ut robberd, wo uro nil thu while BohiS about to rob mtm of their yory uaiuvs, 