GOULBURN. (From the Goulburn Chronicle.) VISIT OF ARCHBISHOP FOLDING. Archbishop Folding set out on his return for Sydney on Monday last The arrangements for Catholic ministrations in the Southern District having been definitely fixed, we need do no more than stale them. Fathers Hanley and O'Neill have been sp pointed to the Tass Mission, Father D'Arcy to Queanbeyan, and Fathers M'AIrov and Lanigan to Goulburn. His Grace attended masB at the Church of SS. Peter and Paul on Sunday, and the main object of his recent visit to the district is best explained by the following Pastoral letter, which he read from the altar at the conclusion of divine service, and which he enforced by introductoiy remarks extending over a considerable time, and delivered with an energy which, at the venerable prelate's advanced age, was no less surprising than satisfactory. The Pastoral letter of Jolm Bede, by Divine Grace, and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of Australia, &e.;, &c.;, &c.;, to the faithful of Goulburn, and the Southern Districts generally, concerning the erection of a Convent for the Sisters of Mercy. Dearly Beloved,—The Veiy Rev. Dean Walsb, your highly esteemed priest, engaged that a convent should be built for the Sisters of Mercv, whose advent amongst you had been so long desired. I doubt not that if it had pleased Almighty God to continue to him the blessing of health, his promise would ere this have been far advanced towards its completion. This, as you are aware, has not. been the case; the labours and anxieties of the ministry hare broken down his strength, and he has for a time left this scene of his missionary toil, to return, as we all hope, soon to the countiy and the duties that claim the devotion of his life. May God's holy will be done in all things. Meanwhile, do yon, Dearly Beloved, take up your parts nobly, as it becomes men of the right Catholic faith, and the friends and spiritual children of the good man and zealous priest in whoBe heart you have so long dwelt. The promise was, of course, made in your name, ns it was for the interests, undoubtedly the highest interests, of yourselves and your children. The Dean made it promptly and boldly in your name; ho pledged himself that you should undertake and complete a generous work in a generous manner. He knew you from experience of your faith and good works, and I too, from his report, and from my own knowledge, knew you to be of a generous stock, and I assented joyfully to the proposed invitation that these sisters should come and dwell amongst you, and I added to Dean Walsh's assurance, my own conviction that they would be well and worthily received. Now I am come amongst you chiefly to claim the fulfilment of the promises made by you and for you; to witness the beginning of the harvest of your good intentions in the progress made towards the completion of the good work. In anticipation and desire of the blessing which is now in your midst, you felt and promised rightly and generously, and now is the time for embodying your intention in perfect act. Beeall what was in your hearts when you first contemplated and longed for the coming of these dear sisters of noble life and faith, and make now your deed the adequate representative of your then feelings and judgment. Let their convent rise; let it rise as Bpeedily as may bo consisteut with solid, lasting work; so that all men may sec how the Catholics of Goulburn, of this teeming Southern district, have the manhood of perseverance to cany out well and thoroughly what they had generally desired and promised. Not only motives of Christian faith, but all kindly feelings of human nature, call on you to make provision for these ladies. They have come from your own old home—from the country of your early love —to this laud of your adoption; they have left their hearths and homes amongst those you yourselves have known and cherished; they have left friends, and relatives, and wordly resources, and are here to spend, not their means only, but their labour, their life, their hearts and hopes, among you. And you, I am sure, you will welcome them. Yes, you will welcome them far otherwise than with words alone; you will welcome them with 6ilent, steady, lasting, generous deeds. Not every day does a work for Christian men such as this present itself. Once for nil, you must do it. Tou must show to your children and your children's children what you think of the life and vocation of religious women who follow Christ whithersoever He gies ; and you must show them how you designed to realize something of your thought by this Convent which you are preparing for their abode. And you have already experienced somo of the blessings of the presence of Sisters of Mercy. In this respect the delay that has taken place in the completion of the Convent may not be without its advantages. You have proved, or rather thev have proved amongst you, that the enterprise of Catholic faith and devotion has not the uncertainty and disappointment of worldly speculations. So many days of lives of purity, and toil, and humility, devoted to the duties of charily belonging to their state, are so many substantial advantages to the community that welcomes and cherishes them. You are rendering hospitality to those who ore called to the life and work of angels upon eartli. Bethink you well how that such guests are a treasure and a defence. TJtey train your children; they lead the sick, and the frieudlcss, and the perplexed, and the weak, heavenward by their sweet and holy counsels. Thev visit your prisons and your hospitals, and show how all forms of suffering aud wretchedness may bo alleviated and transformed into blessings by the peace of God. You will receive then these Sisters permanently to abide with you ; and you will build them a worthy home for their own sake, for their work's sake, for their heavenly master's sake. He will not allow a cup of cold water to be given to bis disciples, in the name of bis disciples, without its rich reward. A hundred-fojd then and more, both in this world and the world to come, will he repay into your bosoms whatever you may do to recognise, and welcome, and honour, and console theee his choice servants. They are truly not only his disciples, as all good christians are, but they are his choice friends and followers; they are as the holy women that hung upon his lips, and pursued his weary steps with their sympathy and loving service iu sacred Palestine. They are living his life, working his work, and the dullest faith may realize in such representatives the brightness aud beauty of his I need say no more j you will think, I am sure, of what I hare barely suggested, and perhaps transcend my hopes of you and for you. Only I will add one hint by way of ensuing steady perseverance. It is this—determine now, while your heart is warm, with what you know to be a good and holy impulse, what you will contribute, what you will sacrifice, if sacrifice it must be called, to this good work of building the Convent for the sisters, your friends, your guests, your servants in the love and cause of Christ. And determine what you will do not only now, but tomorrow and to-morrow, ond the day after, and month, by moiith, until the work be complete, and crowned with all the abundance and richness of your zeaL Let each think and act as if all depended on himself. Do not wait to be solicited, but come and bring your gifts until there shall be no more need, and the sisters say, " truly we have come to dwell amongst a people who know and love their God." May the holy spirit of God dwell with you, and prosper the works of your hands; and may the blessing of the Most Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost be with you and remain with you for ever. We appoint the Bev. M. McAlroy, in whoso experience we have full confidence to superintend the completion of the convent, to collect personally or by other contributions in the Southern districts for this most praiseworthy purpose. JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney, Goulburn, June 22,186L COTTON".—It is the intention (says the Queensland Guardian) of the Manchester Cotton Company to send an agent out to this colony to disseminate instructions as to the cultivation of cotton, to distribute seed, and to contract for purchasing crops. POPULATION OFYICTOBIA.—The present population of this colony, is as follows:—Males, 328,651, showing an increase since 1857 of 61,317' and females, 211,671, showing an increase since the same date of 65,239. The total population, therefore, according to the last census is 540,322, showing a gross increase since 1857 of 129,556, or about 31 per cent— Oou&urn; Chronicle. . £100 NOTE LOST.—By some mishap or other, a well-known .member of the Bar here, lost a bank-note of the Oriental, for one hundred pounds, yesterday. Immediate information was given to the police, and, as the note was a large one, there can little doubt that the number has been ascertained. CHAMTION PAIR OAE RACE.—The result of tha last match, which was so admirably contested from the start to the finish, called forth a spirited challenge on the part of T. M'Gratli and J. Punch, who appear unwilling to allow the championship to rest undisputed, and last night a number of the friends of the competitors met at Tattersall's for the purpose of arranging another match, which, after some discussion, was amicably earned out, and articles signed, by which it was agreed that T. M'Qrath and J. Punch shall pull a nght-away race in the same boats, and over the same course on the Parramatta Biver, ou the 20th July, for the Bum of £50 a-side. A deposit. of £20 a-side was made good. The excitement on the forthcoming event will, if possible, exceed the last, as it is considered the result will (should no accident occur) sot at rest the question of superiority be- tween these crack crews.— S. M. Herald. 