'ï^^là NIGHT IM THE JUJJGMî)' '^Jjfí «* THB byrnnas »nd wolve»<tWeT "t^rings'»¿1 night outside my tent, but I kept a good fire, . -MdI rose frorn.tlme to Jtime to look to it, and to . tba priming of. my, guns, and Sq got through tho., dark boura -without accident,"--Vide'Travels bf anybody, anywhere, at any page you like to tum lo; " Í. '' ' j 'I venture to takele above quotation as a motto to my modest article, because it is appro priate to the matter -oí which I design to treat! I too have heard the hysenas and wolves howling outside my tent-if I may call it so-I have risen " from-time to time to relieve my restlessness, and v ' though I have "neither looked to my fire or my fran, 1 also'have got through the dark hours with .' «ut any'accident whatever-even'the slightest; The fact'boiag, that, these sounds, have reached Äe without my stirring from home, or: forsaking the protection of Marylebone for BO much as a «ingle day, .- . " , j It is one of¿the romantic circumstances conneotea -with a residence, in Lumbago-terrace, Regent's f Parkythat the.inhabitants . ol that.moist and reek .ing region are ablef in certain states of the wind to hear in the dead of . night the roar of the lion and'thc yell of-the tiger,, without apprehending «ny'annoyance from.the near neighbourhood of 'these torrible animals. To listen to such music; .-while lying 'comfortably between tho sheets, is "¿ot'ibad^spbirt." If* is having,: BO to speak,'the jungle brought home to one's door. You have thc excitement ,of a -night "in the desert, without \\*ny¿sense of insecurity, -or ány'of tho inconve '..xiiences : inseparable from,.' Eastern and fe'outhern -*ravel.;A nd all this we, the inhabitants of Lumbag o . ^terrace, owe to the happy chance wh ch caused the Zoological authorities, of this country to/.ñx. ' upon the Kegeat's Park as -the spot best suited ~for~the exhibition of their collection. - -' ' !!I^nave often heard; then, from my abode in Xurribego terrace (to which residence I, have ad ' herod-through twenty years of rheumatism), the 1 roaring of the'Wild beasts in the Zoological *Gar '* floris I but T never heard it so loudjl never heard it break-forth with such - a sudden frenzof violence, -as it'did i t midnight on Wednesday, the' twenty fï'sîxtb; of ; June of the present yenr. . > 4 il bavé >àid that I have . frequently heard these 'sounds% beforei^When '.a ^change', of weather is. toward-which is very often-when.thunder is* '/hand, when 'ibo wind is;in tho east, and: at other ? ietí.soñs of discomfort; the poor beasts behind the Khars in the. Zoological Gardens solace their misery by . giving vent io the most dismal moans -and ^roarings conceivable,, and sometimes awong the \- other sounds the thunder of the lion's roar may be ; ' heard pre-eminent and distinct. ' <; ' , . & : i'-'ori tne- night, however, to which I have alluded, ' j, .de outcry of these unhappy animals was' alto- gether of a different character. They had been " »quiet all day, and all through the early_part of the . night, when suddenly and almost to a minute, at twelve p ro,, the whole chorui of them burst out into ono- mighty shriek and. yell of passion,: which lasted in .its fury so considerable a time that I came to the conclusion that some altogether ' unprecedented event must have taken place. In. "fact,- i-sat np in -bed-and- said -to myself, ns; ?-'I'struck twelvo cheerful little s*troke» out of my. .'?' repeater,. .. ... '\\\'} ":..v' -I " '.',.'., ;!'.. '. \- '. " What can bo going on to-night at' the Zoolo \- gical Gardens?"' KL'* i><f: ;;..;';;- yf.V . ' The reader shall hear'what was going on.^! .. . At exactly fifteen : minutes ' after nine p.m. on the evening mentioned above, a party of four gen- auen might haye been observed ringing at a-little . postern gate, which, when closed, forms part of , tho fence of the outer circle of tho Regont's Park. 'With . tho ' reader's permission we will adopt, in .sase it, should bo needful to speak of any one of these persons, a practico which has received tho .' ' aanotion of ? tho poet Shákspoaro, though he geno-; rally reserved it for robbers; murderers, mobs, and . {¿ther disorderly 'characters-i-in a word, we will call them 1st .Gentleman,- 2nd Gontleman, -3rd ; "Gentleman, and 4th. Gentleman. ''These'four gentlemen, then, having'rung at the . gate, arid having been ' admitted by a keeper, wero by him guided to tho house of the superintendent of the collection ; and it then became apparent that their visit was a premeditated visit, and that they had come there by appointment, for the express purposo.of making a night inspection of the Gardens, and ascertaining for themselves how that collection, which wo all know so well by day- light, looked in the [dark, or illuminated only by the light of a lantern. The party was formed with little delay. It; was headod by the superintendent, who "was closely followed by his four visitors;-* guard of officials connected with the plaoé bringing up. the fear,' -At this time the feelings of'our four /rienda, as they moved aoross the gardens with a jlantorh vin front and a lantern - bohind, were_of a, " peculiar kind,, oscillating ' between a conviction ' . that th<*y wore going to sit up all night to see an icxeoutiori at daybreak, and n firm'belief that they' , were qbontto statt immediately for foreign parts, on a v'ciyngfe attended with many difficulties, and inconceivable peril- ' \- It -was-quite -possible to imagine that, aomo euch jóumey* was not only i n contemplation, but . that itjiad,actually been entered on and ' prose ¿utt d tilil-tho fodr travellers had'reached sotno . ''remote and'savage district thousands of miles ont \- ' of the way, of civilization. The small huts and low! buildings'which were scattered about being easily-imagined into wigwams, arid'tho occasional cry of somo,distant wild beast, or tho shrfek of some tropical bird striking on tho ear, much ns they might do in Borne Indian jungleor Australian forent. Tho trees, too, in tho darkness showed only the.vaguest outlino of their shape, and might have boen sTirabs'of tropical growth, for aught that . could bc said to tho contrary. It was not long before tho four gentlemen who lind found themselves suddenly transported from \- Centrar übndón to Central' Africa wore able to detect, at sou')o considerable distance, tho form Of an n ni mal pf ' large size and ungainly shape, < standing motionless on the margin of a small pool -of water, which lay strotcbed ont in front- of it. -, Tho lines pf this" creature woro only very , vaguely discornibloin the dim twilight of a June night, and it was too far off for tho lanterns of the guidos to bo of any uso. Supernaturally still, super- naturallyhugo and torrib'e in its forms, its faint 'jgrey masses'only partially relieved from tho faint ' grey ' mosses Of tho ground and bank .behind it, there'waa'something so» ghost-like about this mo- tionless 'spectre1, that 3rd Gontleman remarked1 to 4th Gentleman, OB tho party moved on, that ho saw now for tho first time that tho particular monster which hud roappoared from timo to time in nil tho favored dreams of which he had been tho victim since lie was five years old, wns, boyond all doubt, n hippopotamus seen by twilight. Comparcu1 \yUh this vision, tho noxtanimal with whom the travellers carno In contact was almost 'homely-in' ita TtnimpressivcnosB. An elephant ' 'jirtg'down'ön itii side closo be foro you, and snoring ;'^o'VdgltlárIy'nhawâO loudly, that lt was a wonder that his nest door' neighbour, tho rhinoceros, did i>"t kick at tho'partition townkohim, is not,; in . I' ih, a spectacle to awe tho beholder. Onr ad, M n urors pasted on, after remarking tooach other ¡hine ¿ye of the rhinoceros'; «liiobíóoked aie if be eorild ,not stendlthé snoring of the elephant ranch longer, and'would infallibly give warning next doy. Past the startled giraffes waving their heads in alarm at this night visit, the little party moved on to where the vigorous and healthy ostriches live 'side by side with a certain little wan shy creature which is neither healthy nor vigorous. It was pitiful to see that poor bare, wingless, featherless biped, the aptoryx, turned out of that shelter and concealment wlrch «he adheres to strenuously. The!'very wall .of her hiding-place had to be removed, before there was any possibility of getting her to show herself, and her misery at being thus suddenly turned out in the night with the glare of a lamp upon her, ; and strangers peering af her through the wires offlie'cage, was touching in'tile, extreme. '-, The poor, .wretch even dodged about to get behind the shadow of the keeper who went "into tho den, so BB to get that functionary's body andlirabs between itself and the light. Poor obso- lete- creature,', rarely found upon the surface of the world, belonging* to a species fast dying out,! and which almost ought to be extract, it shuns the light, Brid loves'the shade'and retirement as some unlucky person who haB" survived his age and can- not adapt himself to tho new state of things might keep himself out of the way of the new generation and its rapid progress. V « Here, let me get'away out of this glare," says the poor'aptoryx, "1 am hot, of this period ; I know I ought to bc oxtinct ; I can't move with the ago ; I, don't approve of j the present goings on ; they don't snit me. Not "that I wish tb' interfere' or prevent your' moving on as, y ou like,, hut please to let me keep out. of it all-fox ..it's not in :my line,* and, if you'll allow mc, I'll get.back again behind my screen, and end my days out of'sight abd out of mind." Tlie grove o£ parrots 'starts nt first sight of the lantern,»into such a bristling phalanx of glaring ehriékingi bobbing/ vengeful demons, that our ad- venturers/do'., not; spend many 'seconds in .their .society/ bnt, owning themselves vanquished,, fly off into the darkness again,: leaving the-whole army of malignants in full screech of .triumph , behind them,., and' betaking' themselves ' to tho region where the .beaver, busy in the night, is like some country > gentleman for. ever occupied with the improvements in and about his small estate.' . . For, . there never .was, snob; a fidget as . your beaver. Talk about human manias for bricks and mortar; talk about throwing out bows, making new.paths' through, the woods,.flinging up slight conservatories, or. knocking ryour. passage \ into y ó ur diningroom ; these human we knCBSes are ? nothing'to the alterations whioh'tbo beaver is.pcr petually making; in'his estate;' and ^apparently : simply for tbei sake of making them.' It.is;qnite \- impossible not -to .envy r the: obvioussenso of:' en- joyment with which this rascal-crawls over the top of hts house to where. somo ,bough ? which .has : made part of. his thatch/ d cs' not meet/his opproval and taking one' end of it into his mouth, drags it after him till he gots to the edge1 of : his pond,- into" which he allows himself rtor tumble," bough and all, with a lazy flopi ;'Vyóúldvth'át1 the" poor aptoryx could have snob sport as that beaver when ho swims round the pond-with the end of tho. bough stilly in his .month/' and-j presently dragging it obt , of/the watter, again, tries'b'ow it will look on the other side' 'of hts. roof..; This beaver seems -perpetually-happy.-He bas. con- structed/his' own abode with materials thrown over into his enclosure/uhd goos'on titus reconstructing and altering it for ever. The superintendent com-; munioates it'to'1st Gentleman,-who retails it lo 2nd, and' so on; that this beaver is so fond of his house1 that though1 he managed bri ono occasion to get ont of his enclosure and dowd to tho banks of the'neighbouring panal in the .dead!of the night, be was yet found next morning back in bis legiti- mate domain, and ; working away at - his ' " im provementa" as hard as ever. ' He is a lively chap at night, and was not the least disconcerted by the presence of the party gathered round him, but was, on the contrary, so tremendously busy in doing nothing and then undoing it .again, still keeping his eye upon the four gentlemen who had come to see him, that 3rd Gentleman was heard at last to remark to 4th Gentleman that he "looked upon this animal as an impostor, and believed he was doing- it all for effect. In tho due course of such rapid changes' of country and climate BS our adventurers are at this time'subject to, it is not long before they come to a region where snakes and ''reptiles .writhe and twist and stand erec', glaring malignantly at the intruders on their solitude, and at tho unwonted blaze of'lamplight that comos'with them. Fes- tooned'boas hang like tropical plants above them, reptiles with legs crawl out and, watch them with erect heads, and small malignant dust-coloured vipers stand upon tho tips of their tails and gasp envenomed breath against them; ? ' ' ' ? < , Wasit'a dream-2nd ^Gentleman and 4th Gen- tleman were now! getting very sleepy, and it' might have been--Was it a dream that one of the guides about'-this timotremarked,1!pulling out a': small heavy bag from a'piábó'^of/conoealmont,' that ho Imd got a few mico thero, and that, porknps, somo of tho roptilca miglit.be-on : tho food ? Wnsito dream that Ho presently dived down into thia big, and, fishing" lip a' little white momo by; the'tail,' introduced it into tbe-tden of -a, fearfully, wide awake and , rietless^dragon,'with four^e^s, and a tail, arid a pair of watchful eyes Î It: muBt have boen a dream-nV was] tooThorriblo to"be ánything else^-that this litthv creature -ran to the farthest corner of the -den 'from that occupied' by'.' tho dragon, and that anon, finding itstlf unmolested-? for . tho dragon was . too ', m uah¡ occupied with our four gentloraén. to toko Jnriy; notice,'of his small guest-parrie/oitfr-^ close vicinage of its tormentor, who evidently had bis- eye ttpdnïit, oven . while ', bo "hpp'cáfédt| tó be watching his linman visitors. < Yes ; tin's waa evi- dently a dream,' and (dreamlike), there was rio ter- mination to it ; tho mouBO and tho monster being left thus' together, , tho': mouse "playing and tho roonstor watching, without \Betímjhg to do so; out of the corner of his> eye.- ; Stop ; perhaps tho mouse got out after tfaruV through' the, bars'; thero seemed to be room. Thank / goodness, thero Boomed to be ro;m. ' ' There is no worse plnco to tlrcnm in, than tho Zoological Gardens.- Gontlcmnn No. 2 dreamed about this time, arid so did No. 4, that n volco said once again, «'Perhaps this ono will take a mouse"-thia ¿rio" being, thé' wretch who stood upon tho end of his tail. 'Tho mpuso was again banded in alive, and ¿hon both tho ubovo men tiohod gont'emén droatned of a crunch, and then of a whito mouse slowly disappearing -down ri throat, not anything Uko so largó ris the object it swallowed, ana they dreamed' furtlier'tlint at last only the hind legs of the mouse and tho end of its tail remained outside tho snake's jnws'j'nnd 'that after this the form , of tho mouso waa plainly discornablo as it modo ' its " way along tho interior of tho snako's throat till it was lost In tho coils of tho reptile's' body', nnd might ho considered tobe finally'dispoBod of¡ at,whioh point in their dream Gentlemen Nos, % and 4 both felt as if thoy had taken a large and uncompro- mising pill. ' «"' '.. ' -' ' -. - i After this, both those gontlomen saw in ttwlr j dram, A jaousíor nightmare frog, impossibly huge1 r----r-: and bloated, and then thar went on td a place where they had tbe moat horrible vision of all ; the dream monster belüg this time called ''The J'tvan Loris." 2nd Gentleman and "4th - Gentleman imagined that they went into a place where there were more festoons of Python snake over their heads, heaving and swelling like animated sand-bags, where there was a very sleepy sloth, who was so drowsy that he could never heep npon the top of the tree boughB among which he resided, but always ap- peared to have tumbled off, and to be holding on by bis hand', and feet, and looking at society up- side down; end our two gentlemen dreamed,1 moreover, thut there were here some very noisome impossibilities which hung 'pendent from other boughs of trees, and were supposed to be asleep, but could not really have been so, or they would have dropped off-supposing " the laws ¡of gravita- tion to apply, to.flying "foxes, whioh, is,' perhaps,' supposing too much-and th en they. though t that all these things had ceased to be, and had-turned into a small brown animal fomething like a rabbit,' but more like a huge rat, concerning which a dream- voice spake; and said:- - r ,-.?<> . ; " This is tho Jayan Loris, and you'wiil observe that one of its chief peculiarities is, that it does not kill its prey,; but eáts it ¿lim"' I It was quite a comfort to our two sleepy gentle- men to; remember in ¡heir dream that' they .were dreaming, for the Javan Loris actually, seemed" to sit np on its'; hind'legs,'and holding à .live mouse in its pow, took" bites vont of it, as a schoolboy does out "of an applet ''. : . '" .? a- .? '< \--n'i i. Fi om:these horrible yistóns.'Geátlémen Nos. 2 j and 4 awoke as the night air'blow . upon, them in emerging from the landi of' reptiles, and thoy.-has- tened, to toll their i dreams to their companions. But what was the worst of it oil was, that 1st'and 3rd Gentleman; whó professed to'have been awake all . this time, were ' not a bit surprised,'and said that they, to i, lida seon and heard" all these things, ¿nd that they: were not deams'but- dire roalities. Nos; 2 and 4 were so ^horrified at their'statement, that, they expressed- a desire to return, and sacri-: fice the'-Jayán- torie on -his" own'hearth ; ¡they, were, however^ not allowedlto proceed with this praiseworthy act of retribution. - . -i Truly, there is a great deal of suffering mixed up'with the lives of most members of the: animal création;' ' What a hidooustime bf' it', for instance, a little fish residing in the same neighbourhood, with a' large pike must'haye. /Those great jaws must be a perpetuar nightmare, to the poor little wretch, who .surely-has,intellect enough to know that-he is'continually in.danger of finding bis'.way into-them. How-can-he-enjoy his mdalsj the society of bis friends, his .natural , resti and" sleep, with that'long,'narrow, dingèrouà-lbokirig wolf of the waters ever on the, spot, ever, ready for a . pounce? " /; - Do fish ever sleep.! ,( They.,certainly^rione of them appeared to. bo' in. o¿lumberirig condition when .Gentlemen 1, 2, 8, came in the course of their night journey to the watery regions, and sur ; -ve'yed- (orïtragëông^ the ; 'bottom'-of the'sea, by. lamplight','in tlje 'Kó^énts Park. Gentleman No." 4 was left behind : at. this : particular point of the .voyage, and was found by the other more active voyngersj'rwhéri they " emerged : from, the ' fish region*', sitting '.bolt ' upright. 'Upon! a .beneh and fast asleep;* ?-! 1 - .' "?" ?--'.-.¿- : ' "There was- soníething'! almost painful about the bright-eyed wakefulness; of those" fish.* ' The jiike ' was .lying-watching the" gudgeons, ]and . the gud- geons wero wakefully conscious; of the pike;7The perch and the minnows we're going through' a per formance'of the same kind. The roach had qnité ¿i rim roand his eyes from want ¡bf fest and even the zoophytes and sea-anemones- were making short excursions at the bottom/ progVessing by'; méàhs of a'kind of ambling movement, compounded of' a paralytic hop.nnd a kind ,of, hopeless attempt to. sttim{ end rig in a drunken:Bla¿ger, and total' col- lapse of the entire animal into ä mass oft quivering jelly.--;- ; . '\ .'-'-. ' ? Tho aggravatingly wakeful condition of tho in- habitants of thoso deep waters, thrbuglt~which, our hardy, ad venturers were now. wading, seemed to have'Upon.'these three travellers : an effect-some^ what the reverse of- what might liaye been ex- pected j'1'Far from',béibg.. refreshed hy tlfeir bath, or stimulated tb wake fulness by the example' of Ihoso lively, animalp;. our thrto friends" np roared to be suffering tinder n perfect agony of fatigue and drowsiness, insomuch that they would cling to such under water plants and other . means! of support as came in their way, with a drowning man's grasp ; won'd occasionally stagger agiinst each other; would fall into paroxysms of yawning, and would listen to all statements concerning the habits of tho ráco they were among, with a fixed ¿taro, indicative of hatred towards a tribe concern- ing which so much useful information was obtain- able. They all fell f ni, however, of No. 4 when thoy emerged from the bottom' of the sea, arid said that ho ought to be ashamed of the want of interest lie waa showing in the whole affair. It waa.refreshing, after the detestable wake fulness of the fish, to firid in the raonkey.ob'jntry; which laynext in tho route of- our travcílérs, that the inhabitants wore rin'ordefly and well conQdoted race, and were taking, their' rest in a . natural' way at a natural time'.'- Nervous',' too,.'in'the'dark," and glad to sit 'very near/eaoh other - onv their perches.' Thcro was one treo Which onf voyagers passed by on which moro than a dozen of these right minded animals were sitting in a row, packed together like larks on a spit» and as tight as figs in a drum, itlioi two outermost being; evidently solectod'for their conrngo, and neither of them appearing to appreciate tne 'dittinotion at all, while,' farther on, a certain bid mdnkW;' shut out from this gróup.ond sent to Coventry by his own species, had got hold of a great domestic ;cat, and was sitting closo betide it, i he pair" being Evidently bound to each othtrbya firm and: welt, grounded friendship. .. , . -! < o " ; ? j .' "You don't happen td'have lost such a thing as a finger ?" -saids certain boy in the employ i of the Zoological Society^'arriving at tho house of a gentleman to whom he had been sent to make the ' above remarkable Inquiry. ' V : The gentloman'a liand was bound np, and ho mado answer totheboy: 7 ,.. . ¡ "Yes, I havo, .and you .moy go back to your master and tell him that if ho has found it, he, may put it in spirits, and keep it os a warning to' othors not to act BO foolishly as l havô dorie." ¡ "I had observed the gentleman, often, enough,', said the superintendent,- describing tho circum- stance tothe four trávollers who' lind -placed them- selves under his guidance ." I had nbsbYved h(m,' and'often warned him that to play with tile'theirs asho.wns in tho' habit of doing' ¡vítíéfa ho-came hero; was'very dangerous ^fói.''hb^ulrl''.-|íat' Ids baud into tho bago and teaie thom| 'arid' play with thom aa if thoy wore toraonts. ! » V .'".?' j " 0.ie day I came .to tho cago hero, and saw lying just outsido it, n-human finger,'%itli the tendon hanging to it in n long strip. "It'atjiat' gentleman's - finger,'ll said, .'. and ho's gobo away without saying anything, for ho ii9od> always* to mako light- of my ivarnipgs',' and^woSld tcll roo that, ho ltdow all "about1 it,' rind was hôt''afraid a ybit.' And the finger was his, sure'enough.'',, j '? This ourlons caso WM not du isolated one." Qn BDotlior oconsiorj, a finger, with tho ' stretóbed tendón hang'ng to it io the sème way, waa found outside.the den of the wolves? Pejple will liavo the temerity to run these Jool ¡ah tlsks, and then go away, ttshamed, even' in the midst of their pain, to own what' their rashness has ended in. The four gentlemen, whose - progress- we have been following all this time; bad moved so quietly about, and had excited so little disturbance among the animáis, " whose lairs they'had" g saVd^rtbatraS" far as might be augured - from the'deep'silence reigning over the' region inhabited by the great carnivore, ^heir presence and near approach was not guessed, at by "those grand and terrible animals. The dens which the lions and" tigers' inhabit 'have outside-them, nt a distance, of ¡three or four feét, great heavy blinds, wliich are drawn1 down at night, and so a narrow passage is formed between the screen and the bars of the den itself ; a passage accessible only by a locked gate, at ono end of it.;;?r. . '.",'',' -/vj' ' '..,; "v,.,,'.^.,".,'.', ),,,' j A dead silence reigned over all.;,this region as"' the superintendent, closely fol- lowed by the rest of the party, approached this gate, and even after the key 'bad'"been' introducedTinto-.'the 'lock; per- haps thé animals1." were listening ' How,/and \ scarce'y breathed in order that 'they might bear the better, but no sooner ',was tho gate< thrown open and the gleam.of the lantern admitted into i-the narrow p'as«age Jn front of the dens, than à .yell broke .forth, of mingled fear and rage,'which was the most terrific thing ever heard by any member'of the little company/ '/ .'!",*. Still anxious to see' mote', 'the/four, gentlemen and : their, guides advanced ,a few pac ss intothe passage. There were two young lions in the cage ,nearest to them, and the terror and i fury of these 'creatures:was really tremendous "and awful'tó .be-1 bold. They sprang at the sides of the cage, they flung themselves against its barp, they even seemed in the obscure light,1 to fly at each other.. Thoy shook the .place with , their roaring.'and the bars quivered aa they dashed oginst them. 1 '' , The contagion, t.,o/;seemed to'* have, extended with the lamp's rays farther on/and in an instant the whole of those dens were, vibrating ' with similar sounds. Tigers, leopards, panthers, burst altogether into one hideous unbearable yell, till the noise of this arid of. the shock . of weighty bod i-s crashing aginst the bars was of si? differing a sort, that it was hardly possible to hear the voice pf the k'U'de when', he gave the word to those about him; that they must leave, the place nt once, or tho creatures might knock themselves to pieces. And so the cry 'Saut)« qid peut !' went forth, and'in another moment tho narrow passage before the dens was left once more in.darkness,-but.not in silence ; "the terror .t hd fury ;'of those' disturbed wild beasts being slow to subside, ' and breaking forth from time tO;time during the night., .This was the cry of terror - spoken of in-tbe in- troductory portion of this' small narrative which frighted the Hegent's Park " front its propriety.',' , ;, But for .that speedy retreat! from ,btfjre the lions' d, n there is no ttliing what injury the, ter- rified .and1 enraged creatures' might have done themselves. , Wé.'know 'not'.what/'tenor',';Hu- in those'unreasoning natures ; ho who gaye tbssig nal for flight, told his. companions that there, were Boms animals of tho more timid kinds who could hardly be moved from ono place to another, sb fearfully, would they main themspl ves ïri. their mad Struggles. : ?'? : ... . . . \ ; 1 . The night wanderings of our little party were npw'nearly over.; A's','they^asscd/ppl '.a1 startU'd .deer would sometimes jump up, from .{he .place where it lay,, and running to' a :diitanc?, ! would i : torn at bay to stare'at the unusual-apparition. Or, . ^perhapB.in some shady" enclo uro .tho ' strange i' stripes bf the zahra, would Bh'ow'foir a,moment aa ? the light pf the . lantern 'glanced that way, ¡or the white forms- of a group of pelicans would'dimly appear in ghostly' stillness',by the water sidei ./Ul to the last momont^and far- more so.than'in the daytime, when visitors destroy> the illusion-spoke of distant lands and' regions far removed from civilisation ; : and ' it was almost" a shook, so great ¡and, violentr was,tho contrast," .when at,last .the four travellers found' themselves: taking leave of ' thëir'gûide (with many expressions' of their obli- gations to him), iiot'at 'the .Hoorofa' wigwam,'or the entranco of a tent, but outside- bis own pretty little borne-in the Regent's Park. 