GAYNDAH. f'/ ~.,j THE GOVERNOR'S 'vfilff. [from tbe ghost of bahtmn.] I am sending you a copy ofithe extra- j ordinary address presentetlw his Ex- I cellency yesterday, and of wt- ivatter pf-course ,«nd characteristiy reply. 1.5 take this trouble because i . am. satjs-j fied the A rgw won't 4)^,up,.tp^iliej mark on Monday, and, fflpless;;fe|aqd rotich mistaken, your owx peculiar%or- j respondent does not ink id to fayojir j you with an early accoii it of the te- j joicings, demonstrations, nd dirt-eat- 1 ing we have gone throu{ i^durip^ the j last few days, ' J. His Excellency met with really a very warm reception, and, notwith standing his saying so, must have thought t-o., Floral arches, abundant horsemen, and a general desire to be agreeable and behave well, welcomed him; and I must admit that I have had moments, during this vice-regal visit, of real pleasure. The levee, owing to a want of due arrangements, and absence of the clite of the district, was a failure; the din ner was served up well, and but for the unfortunate selection of ' the inevit able,' but dullest of dull chairmen ? and indiscriminate characters they had to fill up the seats with — might have been a lively affair. The ball was but ' so-so,' and never ought to have been given; but on the wholel— always ex cepting the ridiculous address— I con gratulate the inhabitants of Gayndah -m their achievements. Tlie Governor had a difficult card to play, and played it skilfully ; and too much praise can not be awarded the section of the in habitants who are electors, for bottling up their wrath against Mackenzie. He harangued away yesterday evening) doubtless to his heart's content, and seemed so lost in his own display of hypocrisy as to be wholly unable to observe the ironical cheers his anti Brisbane clap-trap drew from some of his hearers. As might be expected, he selected a mail contractor's -house to hold his meeting in, and having thus, as he fancied, sat down in the strong hold of his former adversaries, went to work in a way that astonished even me. I watched with much merriment the tale as he unfolded it; it was a very pitiable, a very imploring, and, I must say it, a very improbable one. He disliked the Brisbanites ; he waB opposed to centralisation ; he had lost no opportunity of serving the electors ; he die not care where the capital was. What did we want? why did we grumble ? He despised the Courier, the Chronicle, and, but for policy, would have despised the Argus. They should have bridges, they should have every thing, in fact, if they woulH love him, not haunt hiin ; they should have his heart and soul. He waxed ridiculously warm. What did they wanl ? what were they dissatisfied with ? who were his detractors. And now I. regret to say he became — through the admirable forbearance of his hosts, for all Gayn dah vowed ,to treat him . as their guest —bumptious and vulgar. He related a profane anecdote, Tand sat down amidst the finest display of suppressed derision I ever witnessed. A vote of confidence waB given' him, and a iheejt ing unparalleled, on one side for offi-r - - cial audacity. antL.on the other for con' consummate hypocrisy, terminated!1' The address, you see, proclaims to the world that the Gayndah people ex tend their affections and loyalty down even to the Governor's, family. Her moBt gracious Majesty will not be much flattered, I fancy, by finding herself, for the first time in her life, in such company. And again, I cannot hielp praising his Excellency for the delicate, way in which be extricated Her name from the. improper position theee.con suminate blunderers fixed it in. 