-,[BT Eusoinio TELEoiurn.] .' ' MELBOURNE. ' ?«???' ' i ' ' 'Thursday Eteníng, THE télégraphia Batióos per mail alaamor report'that tbe afcipmbnte to Btdnoy (or the month have been about the ?ame OB for the month 'preceding. '" . ? > . , - M . ' The "Condon wool market waa dull, bat thirty thousand bolea wero sold at auotlon at former prloeB. ~ > / ' There wax no sign of the mail steamer off the Otway at'dark. .- .- . ? ? ' .. . .. ; -?? ?., - Tho: weather is wet, «nd rory squally outside . the Udadf. There is no Molbonrno nowa of impórtanos. . |Malbournr, B.lfi p.m. Tho moll steamer Benarca haB juat boen signalled, off Capo Otway. : roixiNo ron NEwr. wM.-Tlio polling for a member to servo In .tho IiOglalativo AsBornbly, for the eloo'ornl il Ut riot of Nowtown, oommcnoea thia morning nt 8 o'olook omi terminatoa ot 0 o'uloclc in tho afternoon. It will bo hold lu tho following plaooo i-NdwtQwn : At thu Oild I'VUOWH' J In)), Nowtown, a llltlo below tho tall* woy britlgo; Oampordovtn ; Al Air. Prltahard'a houso,' nearly oppoailo Mr. Larliiu'a atore, l'arramnUft Road j Cliippontlalo i A houso nt tho aoriior of Wells.Btroei, Dotntiy Hom), noar ibo Toll Har. "The,Anal auto ofilia pull will be doelared ot or about 0 o'claqk, at1 tho plaoo of nomination, 'fhn.o are Ino candidMoa (yr cUotloa Mr. Holt aúd h|r. Çro-vn, ' r « "'.*** * "" , . , ' Y ...... , i<J -, Tm FINK ABI».-Our r«t4»t» «lll »*te*iva frn» w .nnoaneement wbieb appears io oar advertíais*; eolacnni, that the splendid uni I rrj af oil printing* by Ibe «noient mister*, collected by T. W. Smart, M,P., at Ilona Home, Darling Point, «ill be thrown open to the pabilo on Saturday next, et 1 p.m., and every anooeeding Satur- day nt the same hoar. Carde to view are obtainable at Mr. J. B. Clarke'?, bookseller, Seo., George-street. Tbli vnpetb eolleotion, containing no lens iban one bnndred and flfly epeoimenB. of tbe Italian, Germen, Datob, French, Belgian, Spenith, and English Bobools, is without a rivet in theso onlenies, end will amply repay inspeotion. Onr fellow citizens will, we trost, appreci- ate the liberality which bes indnoed Mr. Smart, at very considerable inconvenience to himself and family, to throw open bia art treasures at elated intervals to the pnblio, and will rejoice with UB in the opportunity wbioh is thus afforded thi-m of beoomtng acquainted with, some of the most splendid, and beet authenticated'works of human cenius wbioh the world bas produced. CITIL WAH IK AWEHIOA-A meeting of citizens of the'United Statesí waa bold at the American Consulate yesterday, for the purpos» of expressing their sympathy to the President of the United States and his cabinet at the present difficult and unfortunate position in wbioh they ere placed by tba seoeBsion movement Minor King, Esq., ooonpied the obair. William H* Walker, Esq., proposed that a Committee of three bs appointed to draft an address to the President of tba .United States and bis cabinet, sympathising with bim and them npon the unfortunate position in wbioh th« secession movement has placed them and the country and congratulating them uprn- the measures taken to preserve our glorious union. Carried. It was moved snoonded, and carried, that Robert D. Merrill, Esq.! United States Consul, B. G. Marsh, Esq., end A.B. Vennard, Esq., form a committee to prepara an address to be submitted to a full meeting, to be oiled hereafter. It was then moved and seconded that the committee have power to oonvone ky publio advertisement or other, wise, ameetiDg to submit for approval, amendment, or. alteration, the address to be forwarded, PARTICULAR BAPTIST CHAPEL, SUSSEX-STREET.-A correspondent furnishes us with the following report of the formation of a particular Baptist Church.in Sussex-street : On Lord's Day, July 7th, we witnessed one of the most solemn services we have ever seen-it was the formation of a particular Baptist Church in Sussex-street. Mr. John Bunyan M'Cure, late pastor of the Baptist church, Geelong, and who is now preaching at the Odd Fellows Hall, Sussex-street, with considerable success conducted the whole of the service. After the usual singing and prayer he preached from Acts 2, 47, in the following order:-First, the nature; second, the order; and third, the design of a gospel church, showing that the word church only belonged to a congregation of believing men and women, who are united together for the purpose of worshipping God. Of such the churches in the days of the Apostles were composed; they believed and were baptised, and then added to the church ; and then they brake bread ; the order of a gospel church. The door into church communion, for those that believe in Jesus, is baptism by immersion, or a profession of faith, and repentance towards God-baptism being the command of Christ, the great King and Law-giver in His Church, and, therefore, binding upon all who, love Him. He then spoke of the officers spiritual and temporal, the ordinances to be observed, the law and discipline of the church, that must be enforced. The design of a gospel church state a nursery in the wilderness for new born babes ; a benevolent asylum for poor and needy, sick and wounded sinners, and then the ordination of God, as the sanctified means of gathering into one body the scattered tribes of Israel, out of every nation, kindred, and people. After thus stating the nature of a gospel church, Mr. M'Cure then called upon one of the brethren to state the leading of Divine Providence, by which they were brought together, to be united in church fellowship, when Mr. Clarke gave a most pleasing account of Mr. M'Cure's first visit to Sydney, the word being blest, the invitation having been sent to him to come to Sydney as a minister of Jesus Christ, his ar- rival among them, and the great increase under his ministry. Mr. M'Cure then called upon each person who were to form the church to stand up and give themselves to the Lord by holding up the right hand, when forty- nine persons, by this set, declared that they were on the Lord's side, and desired to be united together as a church. They were then called upon to give themselves to each other as members of one body, one church, by giving the right hand of fellowship to each other. Mr, M'Cure then read the articles of faith, and called upon each member to stand up and subscribe to the same, and make a public profession of their faith by holding up the right hand. This being done, Mr. M'Cure gave the right hand of recognition to one in the name of the whole, declaring the church to be duly formed, and that it was a Particular Baptist Church, in the name of God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. After praying that the union might be sanctified of God, and redound to the glory of His great name, the ordinance of the Lord's supper was administered to the newly-formed church. The whole of the congregation remained to witness the solemn service, and many appeared to be deeply affected. INTEMPERANCE.-A lecture was delivered last evening at the Temperance Hall, br Mr. Marwick, on this sub- ject. The chair waa occupied by the Rev. P. P. Agnew, leoturer eommenoed by observing that objections wooli be made to whatever be could Bayon the «object ; wooli ba oonaidered by some aa "tbe old storr;'bat be- lieving that there waa mora sympathy than actual effort minifeated, he felt impelled tn exert what influeoo« ba ooa'd to stem the torrent of intempérance. Tba battle was " bommenced. He ' bad every eonfl. donoe in the' righteousness of the causa in whloh they were engaged, ond . it would cot do to Round a retreat. On their bannar waa inscribed " Viotory." Muoh deponded on the front ono waa able lo show the enemy. They wore determined to perse- vere, despite tho taunta of the modorate drinkers, nott! tho drinking ooatoma that prevailed were abolithed. Were it desirable, fae might take thom to Francs or Germany, whore tboy could eeo tho peaaanta of tboss piotnrcFqiio countries gathering in tho fruit iota tbtir monetär vate, and there see the rosy liquor aa lt flowed, pure and unadulterated, from the grape ; but be would tnyi to the Iorgo wino eatabliabmenls in Amou'oa and Great Britain, where tho liquors sold for wino had not In them one drop of the juice of tho grape, although aold aa R'öuino madeira, port, or sherry. Dr. Ilirim Cox, of Cincinnati, bad analysed them and found that the baila of tho port waa dilute, aulphorlj sold, coloured with elderberry juice, with alum, sugar, and neutral .pirlta. ? In tbo other winos wore, in msDy insteuoes, similor chemical Compounds, and llitlo did the citizens of Sydney know the stuff they woro drinking. The ule also contained deleterious ingredients, upon which tba thoughtless drunkards throw away their money. Tba 1 ¿oturor then went on to abow tbo bapploesB that prc vailfd where temporanoe and virtue wore observed; and contrasted the domestic oomfoit the toolotsler en. joyed with tho condition of tboso who, from habit, be oime addioted to Intemperance. He earnestly exhorted wivon, who desired to bavo steady, aober buabands, to attend to the ooraforts of tbelr hornea, and the neat order of their habitations, as ono of the Btrongest In- ducements to tbeir husbands to refrain from vialing tba publlo.houso. At tbo conclusion of tbo lecture, wbioh waa propared with grott core and industry, the Itev, II. Hartloy moved a voto of thanks to tbo lecturer, which was oarried with aoolamatlon, and duly acknowledged. Thanks wero also awarded to tho reverend obairmio, and tho mooting separated THE UNITED STATES AiinA«sADons.-Oar telegram cr yesterday announced that Monars. Adama andD.ylon, bad been appointed resident Ministers at London sad Pai la, by tho Government of Präsident Llnooln. Th« Hmtt correspondent furnishes tbo following partloolita respecting these appoinfments, and othots of a lida oharaoter :-Mr. Charles Franois Adema, the Domini» for London, ia . teprcsenlntlvo of one of the few Malorie familiea or the United.Statos. His grandfalber, h; bis Influencio, secured tbo oppolnlment of Washington il Commander.in.Chief, by bia oloquonco prooured lbs adoption of tho Declaration of Independence, waa olead. lng member of tho Congres*, Minister nuccoailvrlj to Holland and England, and dosed bis polliloal career ll second Preaident of tbe United Statos. His father roll sueot'sfivoly from tho pnat of Seorotary of Legation atSt, Petersburg to that of Prrsident ; and then, returning to ' tho Houso nf «iteproKentativoa aa a member for Maua obuaetlB, commenoi'd and led tho cootoat that bia let' mloatod In tho oleollon of Mr. Lincoln, and died upon tho floor of tl o Houso. Tbo now Minister was lbs oindidato of tho Freo Soll party for tbo Vioo.Presideney in 1818. and n membtr of tho lalo House of Represent!. Urea, whore ho distinguished himself by tho moderation of his views and bio desire to adopt a polioy tba! ibould nrCBOrVO thu >HpuUnnn nf Iii.. Tlr,r,lnr Hi.teo. Mr. DIT! tur0' i£ nOW n,lnl*,0<' Io Franoo, hu» boen long in pUDim Uro Ho represented llio Slalo of Now Jersey 'sueotr. «"» Ino Honan «ad In tho Senate, and waa tho in:« <ll<»«jte of the republican party for tho Vioa Prealdenoy In 1850, Sinoo that timo l.o IIOB boon in retirement, owtog lo o oontinut d derooorotlo roojorlly in bia own átate. Mr. Harsh, who ROOD to tho now kingdom of Italy, wo» for ?orno years a mrmb?r of Ibo houso of representatlres, and aftorwarca minister at Constantinople daring lb« preeltlenoy if General Tajlor and Mr. Fillmore, Mr. Webb, Ibo . ditor of the Neto York Courier and Inauirtr, WIN formerly minister ot Vienna. Mr. Thayer, tho now Consul General at Alexandria, ls one af tba Hoff of tbs Witt» ypf ft Evening Pott, Joaro|IUin Mm llamas if H 91 HW ÎeîilgB appointments, ««--?- pnMOwrCnvncmvT'Knét^D SABBATH fcnort -Tb« : «bOdraa of ibi» Babool, DDanbtring nrerly two hundred ' ¡net Uti* afternoon ihoat i, t/oloo», et Mr. Gala's sohool. ' ' ' roo BJ, Moont-etreet, lo enjoy . feast, end tbe reception ' of their valuable prise* of boolee whfab bed boen liberally provided for them by their teachers, (rienda, and membera of the ohnroh. After they had done ample ? jostioe to the oak« and tea, which wera both adequate in quantity and exquisite in quality, they were allowed to retire, to give lime for the teachers to regale themselvos, and make arrangements for the distribution of the premiums. This having been Battled, they were again ? oalled in, when their minister (Be*. Mr. Allworth) ed. dressed them in a very appropriate, pleasing, and ira presBive manner, expatiating, especially, upon their moral ohsraotor. He said it gave bim great pleasure to find, \- through tho representations of their teaobers, that a few of them bad condnoted themselves in a roost oirenm. ; apaot manner, both aa regarded oonduot and attention, and wrre well deserving the prizes that be waa abont to .give them ; but there were aleo a few, who bad aotod con trary to thia, and deserved no prizes at all. The inter, .'vening olese, he asid, WBB a very large one indeed. He wished it to be understood that while be admired a . /clever boy, and one who eagerly sought alter knowledge, ho waa much more partial to one whoso ; oonduot I ?for obe'dienoe, uprightness^ and good behaviour _ »had been consistent during his attendanoe at the school. A boy tbrongh his mental ability misht be a nhiloso-1 : pier, but that did not constitute bim a Christianor evan . good boy. It waa hie honesty and dutifulness thal -would ultimately make bim an ornement to eooiety, and .aoltizen worthy of distinction. Tho prizes wore then ! distributed, the girls receiving theirs first; after wbioh ? they were, through tbe kindness of tbe Kev. Mr. Smith, 'Of the Olebe, agreeably entertained with an exhibition of .views from the magia lantern, with the oxy.aaloium : light, wbioh called forth their plaudits both loud end 'hearty, being an evidence that they thoroughly enjoyed . themselves. At the'conclusion the Rev. Mr. Smith : . thanked them . for their attention and orderly conduot 'during the evening, remarking that be bad not mot with .e. mora well-behaved company of ebildren for some time, and that it would always give bim great pleasure to .fiord them at any time a similar amusement. Xhs children "then dispersed, after giving three oheers sao esBsively for their minister, their teachers, the Bev. Mr. Smith, and those who provided their treat. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PBOVTDEMX SOCIETY.-An ad. ..Journod meeting of this sooiety was held yesterday after- noon, for . the purpose - of receiving the report of the soratineers.on the election of two directors, when it was announced that Mr. George King and Mr. .Frederick Ebsworth were eleoted. The chair was oebupied by ..Tames Mltoholl, Etq., and after a few suggestions from mèmbere, rolative.to means for extending the business . of the sooiety, a;vote of thanks Wis passed to Ibo choir . -man and the scrutineers. * . SIDNEY POÜI.TKY AtsooiÁTioit.--According (o tbo \- - rales of thin Association, tbe entries for the ensuing ex. hiblllon.will close on Saturday next, tho 18lh July. No entrieB will be received nnlesa they are made on forms of ceitlfloatn iBsued for.that pnrpoBe by the sooiety, and "Ätrhlöh ban be. obtained on application to ibe acoretary. A separate certificate will be required for each pea of jonllry or pigeons; , .... . >- , ' ' - OCITEB. MINES','-*.! ROCKHAMPTON.-Gold ia ao muoh more attractive (han other metals that during .the last fewyesrsit appears to. have absorbed, an undue shara of mining anterpriie. Previene to the diaoovery of oar auriferous treasures, a goad deal of both capital and labour waa gradually finding ita way into the develop . nant of our motnllio resouroes, snoh as ooppor and iron. The riso in wages, however, and tbe supposed superior profitableness, of gold digging, quickly pnt a atop to the Íiromislng copper mines then being opened. But dur ng tbe last few montha attention bas been again . direoted to^vhat were formerly regarded as promiaing and important eouroea of wealth. Various apota of ex- treme riohneaa have lately been discovered in the vioinity of Rockhampton, and somo progreas ia being made in their development. Mr. Manton, a gentleman who is ibe owner of rome land about forty-five milea from that place, proposes the formation of a company for working .the copper lodes on bia eatato. We nave Been a num. -brr of apeoimenoof a very rioh dei oription of copper ore, »which have been sent to Sydney from thia mine, and ¡ 'they may, wo believe, bo inapec'od at the I -offioe-of Messrs. Lennon and Cape, Pitt-street. The ' rprospectua of the proposed company will be found ' in 1 'another oolnmn. The Manton copper ore, ao far aa it ' 'baa been tested, baa been found to oontaln a large per ' .centage of silver also. Some specimens are now being ; 'analysed,-and more definite information will be avall .able in a few days:; enough, howe ver, is already known '.toprove that the ore whiob haa been brought from the 'Manton mine is of the riobeBt description. Toe com* ' .parativaly email di stan co of tho loaality at wbioh the .eopper ia fon'id from water carriage ia alao highly in .favour ol its soonomioal working. In other oaeeB it ia .well- known that tbe diatanco from the plaoo of shipment ?haa bean tbe great drawback to suoceas. We hope Boon ?to bear that tho mine referred to ls lu pmniohlo ».»«-«. ?Mon. _ _ _ The Civil War in America.—We have received advices fiona New York lo the 10 h May, that is five days «later. Threatening news of considerable importance. Tba blockade of the Virginian Waters was reported to be -complete. A'precautionary notice had been iasued for all vessels to leave those waters within fifteen days, Charleston, Savannah, and New Orleans were lo be blookaded within a week. The Maryland Legislaturo, after having voted adherence to the Union, bad adopted a resolution condemning the w.r and disoountenonoing tba interference of the Federal troops. General Butler, -with 30'000 Federal troops, had token possession ot Bat. timoré wltboutresistanoe, and bad proclaimed martial law. 'The subscription of the States cities and individuals ia the'North, io aid of the war, amounted to 23,000,000 dollars. Washington WAS placed undor martial law, and Ueneral S:ott was oonfldont of a successful dofenso in ease of sn attaok. In a secret BCBBOU of the 7th May, Virginia was admitted into the Southern Confederation. The Union movement is, howev.r. sproading in Vir. gloia, Wettern Virginia has oalled a convention to sot up a separato freo State and join tho Union. Tba .Governors of Ohio end Pennsylvania bavo undertaken to proteot tho Unionists in Westirn Virginia. Kentuokey ?still remains neutral, but her efforts to follow tho same jolloy have faller). Missouri, though Southern as a «tato, has. raised four regiments for tho Government, end ber . capitol bas : been seized by Federal troops. Preparations are announced to retake Harper's Ferry for .-Monroe and Norfolk, and to drive Ibo Virginian ? Seaeisiorilats lo a point they have oooupied on tho Mary- land bank of the - Potomac President Lincoln con- tinues tho enlistment of volunteers for threo years, and "a large majority of tbs Volunteer Corps have accepted the terms. Ilia oalonlated that an armr of 900,000 men engaged for that term, will be ready In August, though they cannot move into the South until November; np to'that time* the olimalo would bo moro dangorous than tba enemy, the oold weather in the Carolinas, aa In India, being tba seaton for campaigns. 80,000 moro volunteers aro ready organised in New York, - Pennsyl- vania, ' and New Kngland, and the Telegraph reporta that'ths turo ont ia very general, but »bat number mas! be an exaggeration. Advloea from Virginia ' report that tbe Virginia troops hid rendered their position at Har. pei's Fairy impregnable, Batterios of heavy guns bad boen mountod. Their batteries on Jamos and York Rivera wara alan nf a ««rv formidable oharaoter. Tho whola number of Confedéralo troop» In Virginia was estimated at 30,111. The Na$h «fifa Banner announeoa that a vessel had reached New Oiletna from Europa, with 9510 stand of aims for tho Confederate Slates. Up to oar latoBtadvioos tho enthu. elasm of tho Northern States had shown no abatomont. The gifts subscribed amountod to cloven million dollars. . Perhaps tho most striking of tho «ntbuslasllo. prevail ment ia the foot that tho Quakora of Pennsylvania had suspended their Pe«co rules and permit tbolr sons to loin tbe war for liberty.-Herald"» Tcltaram. DsNiMquiN STOCK "M*nitB JiJTbo Pattoral Ttmit, or tba Sra Joly, says:- Thoro aro no transactions or »ny . kind to roport in tho Store Stook Market. Vor a long jims psst the amount of businosB dono Imo boon very limited, but tbe month jiidt andod. Instead of boiog, as is usually ibo case, the briskest of tho soa?on, has boon one of unexampled du'ncss. Tho wcatbor hos lately been all that could bo donirod, rain bas fallon In suffi oient qunnlllioe, end tluro havo been but few frosts. This will probably load to soroo improvement, and a's the lu is oro no* comparatively lightly stocKod, abettor demand for storo cattle may bo expiated. For small Jots of female cattle, wo havo nt present inquirios. Our last salo conflated of Bowman's lot, 3000 hoad, outlooks 4.9 10a., cows £i B». per head, nix months. No stook have crossed during tho pnst week. A Hook of fat wethers will lot.va Mr. Tyson's to.morrow, and 9400 welhorB (Peppin'..) will oio s hero at the and of the weok. A small lot of store oattlo, ohnut 000 hoad, from the Lower Lsohlan, aro In the neighbourhood. Naasra. Olm. Moor» anil Co. h»«o rrqnestod na lo dlrool th» attention of Warehouaamen, »raper«, Hlorokeepore, »nd tho Trade lo tholr ooutlmiatlon Bulo uf Drapery, alop«, &o;" lille Day, «t ll o'clook! »Iso, Ihn a tnnllnn of Ironmonuors, fancy W»rehou«-mon, &o; , tn their Bulo nf Moderator Lampa, 0|aa«e«, Btinds, Lamp Cotton, í¡0., T' ls Day, ol their Uuom», "Ittttreol. no»To'on'« lloma AN» Siioa«, o now «hlpment. Ju«t laiidad. U««ar«. W. Do«n and Co request ll« to dlrootB«ttloul»r otlontlo.i tolhslr Bale, TM» Day,«« above, oommonnlug at ll ooloo* prampt. for p«itloi.t«r«, «e« advarilaamoiit«. . "ni.. ».0Doaai» un»HUR«. M«li«, Uacon, Pori«, Tongue!, Billet Wood, Ito.-«losara. W.Dcau eud Oo. requost u» lo o«ll tho allen tlon of Bhlppere, Fruiterer«, Oom Dealer«, Oroeera, 'Impar ,,. lK«reh«ot«. and olber«, to Ihelr Bale of the Cargo of the W.IIIUW. . from Port Macquarie, .. above, on Struth'» Wharf, Bl» «Ol^root, al 3 o'clock prompt, ThI« Dav. I 