GAYNDAH. [null tm oiiost ov »« »-,) The postman arrived but yesterday, and gives as' his reason for being lute that he wns detained by the Postal Inspector at Maryborough. By your supplement we find thnt theClarenoe came ia on TIAirsday evening, and therefore there can tie no valid reason offered why our mails were not for warded in time to Tcnch here at' noon on Satur day. It is perfectly monstrous that there should continue si-ch gross mismanagement all through this department, and it is more than can be cxpected that Mr. Maekeneie will much longer lie/permitted to tease and injure a community by conniving at, or contriving for, these 'deten tions. No time is allowed us again to answer either Maryborough or other communications — 1 a state of things which seems to be the grand j object of atl recent' arrangements. ] 1 have only glanced through your lost leader, j ^nd yet see that it may old 4otaid ibe Coloniai Treasurer, thai if-he'canncrt reason yon .can argue, and if he ^aitibt tw honest yon «re all ihere to teil him &A; Yon ongbt not to takev his tijmarks .in the Honsej ljoweyer, very .amcb :to Jitiart, for it is well itqpfrn that noman -arrik ltas weigb t there thnn hi: and but forth - Amusement 'which beinvaHably^fforiBtbeothcr^' members by bis spluttering and, -floundering amongst figures and ' false .quantities,' few WouUl remain at their seats, when he iises. ', -? ' He is in a towering rage with ihe writes ' alt sorts of ill-natured things abjnt the Editor and its readers, and insinuates that his design for placing the lnnatic asylum at Maryborough was mainly prompted by the nebessity for pit ting tbe institution Adjacent to the toramunity vbitb supported such a press. It is said that 'BT P.M. had received full instructions to have the Editor of the Argut apprehended the moment tbe news reaches Gayndah tff the ^ksing of the - 'Parliamentary Privileges Act,'1 and. it' is now reported that our beautiful member indulged in some most premature ajad indiscreet promise* tbat he would visit his constituency whenever he heard tbat Messrs. White, Walsh, and yourself were undergoing-' tbe two years iraprisuhmeut.' Mentioning Mr. Walsh reminds me that I have a question to ask, whether lie ever, intends to be done 'petgecnUng ' Mr. Hallnran?. It Js time we heard no mora of that 'saint' or ' sinner,' ' and the snl(i«cli»n*i!»efin8tmelire, isthoroaghly tuque ad mmm*? T*e Hon. Mr. Wood ^ to my aijtonishetlenf, fCtiiHed by tbe last steamer, upon the grofcnifo. tbat bis mission bad been s failure, and lift polftSntl sincerity very question able. . _ Gayndab, Uotiday.^&th; July, 