THE AGAPEMONE CASE. JUDGMENT. The following is the judgment given by Vice- Chancellor Stuart in the suit of NottiJge v. Prince, on July 25th, 1860, as reported in the last volume of the Law Journal, p. 864: In the month of June 1845 the defendant, Henry James Prince, obtained from Miss Louisa Jane Nottidge, the transfer into his own name of two sums, making together the suml of 57281\. 7s. 7d. 31. per cent. Blank annuities. This stock was the whole of her remaining fortune and her whole means of subsistence. The defen dant claims to be entitled to retain it for Ihis own use as a free gift made to him by this lady. She died intestate in the year 1858. tier brother, who is the plaintiff, has instituted this suit as her legal personal representative, to recover the property as tier personal estate. The bill avers that the alleged gift to to the defendant was obtained by misrepresentation and deception, and was made under the influence of a gross delosion, inculcated and encouraged by himself for his own purposes, when silse Was incomlpetent to milnag htier own |pecuniary sff'airs or effeTctlally to apply her Imind to business of any description. If these allega tions are sufficiently Iproved, the defendant easnlot be allowed to retain the property. Where a gift is made under the influence of delusion or decep tion it cannot be valid. Whether the delusion or deception relates to matters spiritual or matters temporal is immaterial, for if the gift be made under the influence of the delusion, the right of restoration isclear. There is ample evidence that the defendant exercised a powerful and undue do minion over the mind of Miss Nottidgo and his other followers, by assuming a false character. The character whlich he assumed and which he induced this lady to believe that lie really sus tained, he has himself described iin his cross-exa mination in the following terms : '"God has developed through mue his counsel and purpose, which I have made known to others. I have declared that the lloly Ghost by me did close the day of grace and introduce the judgment. I have declared, and mean, that the IIoly Ghost spake by me." To rational minds it may seem surprising that any human being could be found with in unlersandingl so weak and degraded as to submit to the influence and guidance of a person who thus speaks of himself. But it appears that the lady in question, Miss Louisa Jane Nottldge, nodi three of her sisters, the daughters of a respectable country gentleman of considerable fortune, sub mitted themselves entirely to his dictation. lIe says: "The Nottidges called to see me after they had heard of my ministry .... Three of the Miss Nottidges married. They all married after I became acquainted with them. They all mar ried persons whlo were associated with me, and whose opinions were the same as mine. I suppose I must say thsey married through my instrument ality, inasmuch as they married through my tell ing them that it was the will of God that they should so marry. . Their husbands pro cured their money with their consent, and they gave it to me. I think they gave me between 60001\. ant 60001. each, or thereabouts." These passages, from the defendant's own depositions, are only a very small part of the evidence, which shews beyond all doubt that, by falsely and blas phemously pretending that ltc had a direct Divine mission, he imposed on these weak women, and obtained a gift of thtI whole of their fortunes. As to the gift of 67281. by Miss Louisa Nottidge, which it is the object of this suit to set aside, the ceaseis very clear. 'l'tis unfortunate lady escaped the degradation of such a marriage as had been made the means of convoying all tile money of ther sisters into the pocket of tie defendant. Hier complying disposition to part with her money, ouder the influence of the defendant and at his bidding, without recourse to marriage, is sihwp by the fact that be at once obtained firom her 5ol. merely by writing and sending to her a lettor in these words:--" The Lord Iath need of 501., to be used for a special purpose unto His glory. The Spirit woutl have this made known uuto you. Amotn," IHis own description of the gift to him of the 57281 stock is in these terms:-" Louisa, at the end of 1845, or boginning of 1846, re quested me more than once to accept her money. Site believed that I had special revelations upon particular subjects. She gave me all iher imoney after site came out of the lunatic asylum." These otatements from the defendant's own mouth prove the case of a gift obtained by imposing a belief on the mtind of a weak woman that lihe sustained a sulpernatural clharacter. This successful imposture was the influencing motive of the gift, and, there fore, vitiates it entirely. It is nseedless to inquire or speculate whether lthe defendaint was himself also the victim of Ihis own imposture. The most favorable view of Iris couduct would be that, undser the Influenese of a disordered inagination, he really fiancied himself to be such a super satoral being as lie imaode these ladies believe. Even If It were possible to take this lenient view of the defendant's conduct, lwhen the question is as to tis validity of Ite gift, it is only necessary to show Itnat it wans bestowed under the influence of a delusion. A great deal of thie argumentes of counecl on both sides consitted in diicussing the doctrine of the Court as to tihe validity of gifts obtained under the influence of a religious or spiritual nscondancy. The grossness of the im posture in the present case has put it far beyond mere spirlantl influence. But this gift must have been set aside as obtained inuder the influence of spiritual dommnion, even if the false character onsunmed by the defend..nt had n!ot been a part of the cape. No person who stands in a relation of special coulidence to another, so as to acquire habitual influence over his mind, can accept any gift or benefit from th( person who Is under tieC dominion of that nfluetnce, without danger of having ihe gift set aside. If it can be shown that a ?uflicient protectlion has heon interposed against the exercise of this infllOnce, there many be a case to sustain tills gift; but tle principle prevails where thllre exa ts a relation which naturally creates inlltiuce over the mind. 'Therelore the doctiuie extends o the relaltion of attornley land client, of guardian lad w:ard, of parent and childl. But tlhero does not arise firom any of these rela tills an influence so strong an that of a minister of religion over a person under his direct spiritual charge. Fortunately, the exnalted character of Christian ministers in this country makes the occurlence of such questiolls extrlemely rare. ViWhen Lord Northilgton, ill the coae of Norton v. Rrely, set aside a gilt made by a lady ton a)isoent ing minister, he noticed that such qlestiona seldom occur. lBut Ith principle is clearly established in tils Court. T'le strength of religious influence is far beyond that of gratitude to i guardian, trlustee or attortney, and the slrin grlollld f Jpllllic utility which requires this Court to guard slainst such influences has its most important application to that influence which is the strongest. Itn Roman Catholic countries, where spiritual iflaenceo has its highest domtinion, public feeling has required tile interposition of on absolute anld imperative check. The law of France, as stated by l. Pothier, absolutely prohibits not only all gifts by a pen itent to his confessor, but all gifsa to that religious community of which tile confessor is a member. In1 the present case tihe grossness of tho imposture asld the weakness of the person who was imposed upon make the right of the plaintiff very clear. It is impossible to overlook one of the results of the decree, whlich must be made in favor of tile plaintiff. lIe sues as legal personal representative, and when the money is restored it will be distributed amongst the next-o-:kin. Two of tie next- of-kin are still under the dominion of the delendant's influence and victims of his im posture. Auother is Mrs. Thomas, the wife of one of tile defendant's associates, whose marriage was eflfceed uuder tile defendant's influence. 'lThe disn? or:l conduct pursued towards her is de taiuer .. i evidellnce. It is needless now to conl sider wlh,: - er rights are as one of the next-of kin. WI. -, the money is restored to the plaintiff 1s legal pIrsonal representative, there will be suf licient lmeans of asserting the rights of all Iho tnext-of-kit. In the meantimo the duty of the Court is to declare that tile trlansfer into the name of tho defendant of the several sums of stock mentioned it the bill was improperly obtained and mulst be set aside. The stock moust be transferred to the plaintifl' as legal personal representative of Mliss L. J. Nottidge, and all tile dividends which have nccrued due oni it since her deaoh paid to the plaintiff. The defendant must pay to the plaintiff all the costs of the suit. 