ssxsB-eViynE;. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] I suppose the news of the massacre on the Comet, of which I told you in my last communication, ex cited as large an amount of horror and indignation in your town. Down with us threats of vengeance and recommendations for the extermination from the face of the earth of the whole tribe are freely indulged in by those who, you may depend upon it, have not the slightest intention of going to the Comet to assist in carrying out their own recom mendations. Those who raised a stir about the Fassifern affair, too, are now being taunted with the remark of "these are the sort of people for whom your sympathies were excited — these murderers on the Comet." Of course this is very foolish, as it is difficult to see how a massacre there could justify the actions of the Native Police in shooting old men and black gins at Fassifern some time ago. But the virulence which characterised the friends and op- ponents of the Native Police Committee of last year was such neither side would do justice to to the mo- tives and feelings of the other. On the one side, a great deal of maudlin clap-trap about the duties of Christian men was uttered and written; and on the other, the most horrific brutalities and the unjust and uncalled-for sacrifice of the lives of black sa- vages and subjects or our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria by black savages, aimed by our Sovereign, Lady and in her employ, were to be defended through thick and thin. It seems that poor Wills was in the habit of being very friendly with the blacks upon the station, and letting them come about the place with impunity, against the advice of those who were with them. If such be the case, the massacre adds one more to the list of those brought about by just the same encouragement of the blacks about the station and belief in their freedom from the deepest treachery. However, of the precise circumstances under which the massacre took place we, at present, have no knowledge. That vagabond, Georgie, too — a truly bright specimen of the Aboriginal— who has lived among white men, came down in the Ipswich on Monday, in order to be tried at the forthcoming assizes. It is to be hoped that he will make only two more journeys in this world — viz., from the Gaol to the Court-house, and then back again, when the gallows will prevent him from from repeating the brutal and filthy atrocities of which the evidence of poor Mrs Ryan shows him to be guilty. [page folded and unreadable] Khali miss the excitement of another libel case, alt'ionsh since the prosecution at last aseizes writers in ih: I'.css b.cuue lunch more libellous than before. Fur instance, there in a pungent writer ia the Maryborough Chroni cle, who styles himself the ' Ghost of Ban Ban,' who nearly every week perpetrates a libel, Jlac kvnzis and Ilaly heiug his particular marks. His letters contain some really first-rate writing, bnt lie is always harping 011 the one string, and the strung feelings of personal enmity to Ilaly and Mackenzie, which his effusions betruy, render them almost harmless. At last tlie A. S. N. Company are to get some little competition on the Sydney line, the Valclutha. of Towns and Co , which is to ply between Urisuanu and Adelaide, calling at Sydney aud Melbourne, is expected at Brisbane on die 7th, and will start a?ain as soon as possible after her arrival, 'j'hc fares to Sydney by her will he reduced to six gnineas iu the saloon, ten pounds the return ticket, and tno pounds ten iu the steerage. This is still enough to pay in all conscience for a Blty hours voyage when half Ihe passengers are generally during the whole time in a iiot-eat-any thing con dition. On Tuesday, a constable nf the Brisbane force, one James O'Brilly, was brought up for an assault on a man named Hays. According to the constable's ver sion, he had taken Bays into custody, on the even ing in question, fur using abusive language towards him and assaulting him. A man named Templetou rescued Bays, and had since been fined at the police court ford.ung so- According to the reislon 01' com |il.iinaut, he had been threatened by the omstuhlc, without 3113- provocation, with imprisonment ; and. upon his remonstrating with the constable, be was assaulted by him. The affair toot place outride of Souter's Hotel ; and there appeared to have been a regular row over nt South Brisbane on the evening in question, in which the constables received more kicks than halfpence. The Bench dismissed this and another case of assault against the same constable, resulting from the same row. The only other police business worth noticing is that M'lntosh. the lessee of tbe ftsry between North and South Brisbane, was fined 40s. and 8s. Gd. costs, for refusing to bring his pnnt over the water last Saturday night for Cr. Bell and his horse, and for having no one iu attend ance on the Booth side. The Bench Blinded to the freqnent complaints of inctvilitv, 4c, made against this man. and cautioned him not to be brought he fore them again. I would emulate the industry of the Courier'* Ipswich correspondent, and send vou the list of inebriates Cud in our police court, but that I fear yonr readers might not feel such an fcite rcst in ft its llic Brisbane public feel In tbe Btate of sobrietj' which prevails in Ipswich. On Tuesdaynftcrnouu last tlie sou of Mr. Cickhonse. architect, or this city, whilst playing on the wharf at South Brisbane, fell into the water, aud would in all probability have been drowned, had nnt George Spence, steward of the Ilreadalluiue. seized a rone, and. jumping in after the lad. succeeded in rzscuin? him. On the same dav a report was very prevalent iu town that Mr. Birch, formerly Registrar of the Su preme Court, and a great friend of pour Lyon. had poisoned himself. Mr. Birch is at present, 1 believe, with a surveying party somewhere in the bnsh. flaimily. the report with regard to his death proved to be totally unfounded. I heard that some blacks were the first to originate it. Telegraphic commnnication with Sydney is at length un fail accompli. The line is nut, however, open to tlie public, but I dare say it will be possible to pass a Press message through to-day. Amongst the contributors to our Kxliibitinn is Mr. Holmes, of Woogaroo. who Rends three fleeces of sheeps' wool, weighing about 8 lbs. each. They are from three of the few sheep which he keeps about his premises, and with which bis honsehold is snp |4icd with mutton. The Secretary of the Exhibi tion, Mr. Dowse, very justly draws 'attention to this contribution or Mr. Holmes iu to-day's paper, and asks, ' If Mr. Holmes can. breed and f.-ed about his premises and neighbourhood a small flock of sheep sufficient to keep his esuUishaieut in the frequent supply of fresh mutton, and at tbe end of the year send to the fellmooger as much wool as will form a veryfteat little item towards Mr. Holmes'* house keeping, why cannot— why should nut— pur email fanners and agriculturists go aud do so likewise?' How are yon off far snakes ? They arc verv plen tiful down here at present, at least in the paragraphs of the newspapers. Some of the snakes I am sure an magnified: but the snake is a reptile which tbe paragraph-uiskerinay be excused for - drawing out' duriug these dull times. The IsrnRootoRUt. Tegegbafb.— Some little difficulties occurred on the other sine of the boun dary, yesterday, which prevented the formal opening of the' line through to Sydney. &C-;, ulllum'1! we learn that signals km iuiercliaugi-d. ami up cnes- sai;** re ceived. Sir John Yoiing.the Govern.* of New Smith Wales, fimranled n .ongratnlalory nioisap.- to Sir George Bowen'.i-ui li' reply could l-e returned, oninj tu Ihe iuterrupiio 1 of communication at one of the Motions iu Ke» South Wales. The same untoward cau«r nisi prevented the transmission of a business communication to our telegraphic correspondent in Sydney, else we might have l.eenable to jmliliwli our first telegram from tbeuce, iu this morning's paper. — Courier. 