THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS." (From the Quarterly Review.) (CONCLUDED) Yet, even in saying this, we must guard our selves from one possible mistake of our mean- ings. When we warn the pupil of the danger Of exaggerating his master's error, it is is rather to the conscious maintenance and avowal of error than to its infection that we look. For, deeply as we grieve to say it, never, so far as error itself is concerned, can the disciple here exceed his teacher. For what is left to be given up, save the consciousness of the abandon- ment ? Mr. Baden Powell, if there be meaning in words, gives up the very being of a God. Mr. Wilson gives up all reality and certainty of doc- trine as to God and man, here and hereafter. "Dr. Rowland Williams resolves the Incarnation into a set of misty words. ' It is illustrated by the realisation of the Divine will in our thoughts.' It is the 'embodiment of the Divine mind' (p. 82), . . and he ' who abides in love,' abides in God and God in-him,' and so the -'Incarnation be- comes purely spiritual; The Son of David by birth, is the Son of God by the Spirit of Holli ness'.(p. 82).. The Trinity is explained through 'the identity of thought with being.' . Dr. R. Williams fears that ' all this has a Sabellian or almost Brachmanical sound' (p. 891. ' To us it has a sound purely Hegelian. But is it his real ignorance or his inability to think or to express himself clearly which makes him write thus? His explanation may claim certainly some alliance with the shadowy wordiness of the Brachmanical Triad. But there is but one point of resemblance in it to the Sabellian heresy, and that, one which he would scarcely claim. The Sabellian has been termed a Socinian in a fog. In a fog we admit this writer to be, and so far, to agree with Sabellius-.but so far only ; for Sabellius, at all events, stated plainly a definite idea which he held and taught distinctly-namely, that the one Godhead existed not in the three Eternal Persons, but was represented in three relations to mankind. But Dr. Rowland Williams represents no definite idea, but simply one of the evanescent shapes of an in- tangible cloudland. The heresy to which he seems to be the nearest is the Arian ; the formal expression of which he all but adopts in the words, ' The Divine wisdom becoming personal in the Son of Man ' (p. 89). With this denial of the fundamental articles of the Creed, it is almost needless to say again that as to the Atonement, Justification, Regeneration, and the whole work of the Divine Spirit, Dr. Williams seems to believe in nothing but words. We wish that we could ; set off against all this anything in Mr. Jowetts Essay which showed that be holds anything definite or posi- tive as to these great foundations of all Chris- tian Truth. But we cannot find it in his pages. If he does believe, in the simple and unsophis- ticated sense of the word, the Godhead of the Co-Eternal Son, we think it almost impossible that he should have said in this Essay what he has, and should have said no more. It may not be too late to bring these consi- derations before these writers themselves. Even to them the sight of the legitimate end of their course ought to be a convincing argument against the truth of their views. For they have no intention of abandoning Chris tíañity. With some of them, no doubt the it can be demonstrated that the position they are seeking to occupy with their new form of Christianity is untenable,-that to advance so far implies the necessity of advancing further, —then, so long as they profess to occupy the post of Christian teachers, so long we ,would add as they do indeed love Christianity better, than their speculations, they are bound to aban don these speculations, and to seek to reoccupy their old position. Whether they will, do so or not is the point of their spiritual trial. Now, the consent of all men on both sides to which we lately referred ought to bear, to the convictions of every man, who is capable of .admitting any reasons. contrary to his own preposses- sions, the weight of an argument approaching to démonstration ; for this is exactly one of those cases in which the accumulated weight of the bystanders' judgments ought to make a man distrust his. own view of his own position. And there is this accumulated weight of judgment here. All unbelievers of all classes,' and all believers of. all shades see plainly enough' that tho Essayists are simply deceiving themselves in the impossible attempt to surrender all tho ob- jective truths. of Christianity and yet to retain its subjective powers. Nor is this all. The path, on which they have entered is no new one. To say nothing of our old English deists, who were the true fathers of French atheism and German unbelief, the whole history of German rationalism lies open before them, and they are bound, as honest men, to read its lessons. In Germany tho same attempt has been made ; and what has been its issue ? The attempt to rationalise Chris tianity ; to remove the supernatural from that which is either a system of supernaturalism or a falsehood ; to bring down to the utterance of the voice of man's heart, and of his internal consciousness, that which challenges attention, because it claims to be a revelation from God of that which it had not entered and could not enter into tho heart of man to conceive ;—all this has failed, as it ever must fail. It has issued as its direct result in a wide-spread pan- theistic atheism; it has sent souls, wearied out with perpetual speculations, torn by distracting doubts, and feeling that they must have some- thing certain upon which to rest tho burden of their being, into the deep delusions of tho Roman system; and the few who have escaped, even as by fire have come back as worn and weeping penitents to the simple belief of primi- tive truth, the bright blessedness of which they had been seduced to forsake for tho darkness and intricacy of these now abandoned specu- lations. And this is no accidental consequence of such a course. There can be no religious system which is not founded upon definite teaching as to God, and as to His relation to us. Tho very name of a theology testifies to man's universal sense of this truth, even where it is held uncon- seciously and instinctively, and not reasoned out into a proposition. Even a false faith, if it is to be effectual at all, must rest upon a theology. To attempt to retain tho Bible, as in this system is attempted, as a rule of life ; as giving moral precepts, as expressing high and ennobling sen- timents; and yet to deprive its voice of the authority of inspiration, and to silence it as to the great doctrines of Christianity, is to en- deavour to maintain unshaken a vast and curiously constructed edifice, when you have deliberately removed all the foundations upon which it is built. The articles of the Christian creed are in truth as much the basis of Christian morals as of Christian faith. The creation of man in the image of God ; the su- pernatural gift of His indwelling presence ; the marring of that image, and the losing of that precious gift through man's rebellion ; the eter nal counsels which planned, and in the fulness of time wrought out, his redemption; the In- carnation ; the Cross ; the Atonement ; the personal presence with the Church, of God the Holy Ghost, and His utterances through pro- phet and evangelist, in promise and prediction, of the redemption of the race and its restora tion ; with the new and blessed light which all these cast on man, on his life, on his death, and on his resurrection ;—in these are all the strength of the creed for moral instruction, all the sublimity, of its spiritual teaching. Remove the theology, and you take away the morality. You may feed man's intellectual pride, and gratify the morbid appetite of his fancy with the husks of an empty rationalism, but you will leave him the slave of appetite and the bond- slave of passion; you promise him liberty, and, you make him a new and hopeless subject to vanity. To suppose that it can be otherwise is not only to contradict the experience afforded to us by every religious system which ever has ex- ercised any real control over man, but it is also by its very suggestion to rob man of his highest faculties. For not hereafter only, when the ransomed shall be perfected, in the full vision of God's countenance, and amidst the un- created light, is the soul of man capa- ble of communion with his Maker; but here upon earth, in spite of all his remaining infirmities, this may be his por- tion, and for this his spirit longs. The want of this is the secret that fevered restlessness which makes, where it exists, the most fully furnished outer life so empty, and the highest intellectualism so poor. It is man's truest greatness that he can acquaint himself with God and be at peace. ! But for this communing with God to be real, there must be a definite revelation of Him after whom the soul, seeks. The mists which hang around 'the Infinite' and the ' Absolute' must roll away, and manifest to the believer the revealed countenance of God in Christ ; the weary wrestling of the long night of empty speculation must be over, the angel of the everlasting covenant must reveal his name to the child of dust, whom He Him self hath upheld to struggle with him until the day break. To tell the sorely tempted soul, to whisper into the already deafening ear, when the pains of dis- solution are upon every nerve, shaking the strong man in his citadel of life, that be may perchance 'find a refuge in the bosom of the Universal Parent in the ages to come,' is only to mock the thirsty lips with the illusive water of the driest desert mirage. No, there is in- deed no rest for man's spirit in anything but distinct and definite revelation as to himself and as to his God. Here, then is one answer to tho first great class of arguments, by which our 'new Christians' seek to establish their system. Their promise to reconcile Christianity with the requirements of a remorseless rationalism in- volves in its primary conditions an essential falsehood. the most dangerous, because it is that which appeals to the highest qualities of those whom they are seeking to induce to accept them as teachers. This essential falsehood is not the only fal- lacy with which this argument is chargeable. There is a perpetual and most delusive exagger- ation of the amount of. the difficulties which they profess to remove. It is not true that the highest intellects revolt hopelessly against the old simple Christianity, and that it must either forfeit their adherence or submit to the recon- struction of the rationalist. The greatest, the most comprehensive, and the acutest in- tellects have received and daily do receivoe, even as little children, with- out abatement, and without doubt, the whole Christian revelation. The difficulty is created for the solution. The patient is in- structed by the tender sympathy of the would-, be physician in the unsuspected existence within him of a lamentable sickness, in order that he may tho more readily accept the treatment offered to him. More or less this fallacy runs through every Essay. The supposed opposi- tion between the revelations of instructed science and the written Word of God is full of this fraud. It may be quite true that Christian philosophers have been too eager to invent theories to reconcile what Nature was under stood to utter with what Revelation was sup- posed to declare ; and that, as Nature's voice was better understood, the different theories of reconciliation were, one after another, found to fail. But how could this affect the actual fact ? For a long time the astronomical theory of Copernicus was supposed to give the true law of the motions of the heavenly bodies. Problems were solved by it, and mys- teries explained. But the further discoveries of science proved the incompleteness of the theory, and it passed wholly away. But did the failure of the reconciling theory affect the motious of the heavenly bodies ? Not a whit... between God's voice in nature and God's voice in revelation disturbed by the discovery that the particular theory which professed to exhibit their agreement has proved, on further inquiry, inadequate to the solution of the mighty pro- blem which it promised to reduce. How wide a chasm is there between such a failure in a pro- posed solution and the representation of our essayist, that science, therefore convicts the author of the Book of Genesis of fraudulently putting forth his own speculations as the result of a revelation from on high ! For how many other and easier solutions of the supposed opposition between Science and Revelation might have been found if the object of the writer had been to remove and not to en- hance difficulties ! Here is, for instance, a sufficient answer to this whole family of objec- tions,—that, the results of physical science not being the purpose of revelation, its written record must, to be intelligible, speak the ordi- nary language of the time; and that all, therefore, which can be reasonably looked for where reve- lation touches the domain of science, is that it should not profess to instruct us concerning science, and then instruct us falsely. Tried by this rule, where is the difficulty to which our essayists so continually recur, that there is any contradiction between the Bible and tho science if astronomy? Let us suppose that such an event where to happen at the present day ; and might we not ask in what other words than these of the ancient book would the Joshua of the nineteenth century cry to heaven, or the contemporary historian record the answer given to his prayer? Are astronomers believed to renounce their scientific creed, or to propagate an imposture, every time that they speak of the phenomena of sunrise and sunset? Undoubt- edly Joshua, believing with his age in the reality of the sun's apparent motion, in the fulness of his faith in the God of Israel, cailed, on it to stop in its course, and that call of his, in his own lan- guage, the inspired historian records as a fact, and also the marvel in the heavens above him which answered to his cry. But is not the truth of God's thus signally listening to the prayer of Faith the plain object here of the Revelation? and is the fulness and reality of that truth one whit shaken, because the stand- ing still of the light-giving luminary upon Gibeon was accomplished by the God to whom His servant cried, by any of the thousand other modes by which His mighty power could have accomplished it, rather than by the actual sus- pension of the unbroken career of the motion of the heavenly bodies in their appointed courses ? And it is but to apply to other cases this same principle, and their difficulties vanish. All Mr. Goodwin's cavils against the Mosaic cosmogony disappear under the same treatment. For the object of the Revelation recorded in the first chapter of Genesis was to declare, against such speculations as those of Mr. Baden Powell, that the world had a beginning, and that its beginning was from the act of Creation by God. This idea pervades the whole account ; it dictates the record of the fashioning of the vault of heaven, strangely asserted by Mr. Goodwin to be pictured in Genesis as a solid permanent vault ; it traces up the light of Heaven and the stars which spangle the skies to the same creative hand ; it sketches majestically out the progression and order of the material creation ; and in spite of Mr. Goodwin's minute special pleading, we assert, first, that in all this there is a marvel- lous agreement with the record with which the science of geology is daily furnishing us ; and, secondly, that it does in truth involve a far higher difficulty to sup- pose that the writer of the book of Genesis, without Divine enlightenment, rose so far above his age as to invent the cosmogony which he is hinted to have fraudulently palmed upon mankind as a revelation; than to suppose that higher discoveries of science will manifest to all tho essential truthfulness of tho Mosaic account of tho Creation. For an instant we must here interrupt our argument, to ask how it is possible that our essayists can, as mere moralists, speak as they do with reverence of Scripture, or of the writer of this book, whilst, at the same time, they assert that the writer invented, and that it em- balms, so monstrous a falsehood as that of claim ing for 'the speculation of a Hebrew Descartes' the character of a Revelation from God Himself. Surely such approbation makes those who ex press it morally accomplices in the crime which they so lightly describe. But to return. As it is with these supposed difficulties, so it is with all. Those supposed to be created by the alleged ' remorseless' ex posures of Scripture by criticism will as little stand a careful examination ; yet this is the stronghold of our writers' position. To ex amine such a question in detail would, in these... the remainder to be worth. Now, in entering upon the subject of criti cism we must notice, first, a fallacy of the class we are now exposing which pervades, so far as we are aware, the whole critical portion of the volume. This consists in representing the supposed danger from which Christianity is to be rescued as the result of the vast increase of critical power in the present generation. The alarming question is stated thus—whether the old solutions will endure, now that such new lights are thrown upon, them—whether Holy Scripture can withstand the assaults of the re- morseless criticism now turned upon it—or, whether tho human mind, which with Niebur has tasted blood in the slaughter of Livy, can be prevailed upon to abstain from falling next upon the Bible. Now all this assumes, and is intended to sug- gest, that the new system is no development of scepticism, but is, on the contrary, a defensive movement forced upon the faithful by tho way in which criticism has suddenly turned their flank. But what is the truth ? First, as to our essayists : their whole apparatus is drawn bodily from tho German Rationalists,and we may therefore transfer our inquiry as to the real source of these difficulties from our essayists to the Germans ; only first let us remark that the language of the former seems to imply that they think they may presume upon finding those for whom they write entirely ignorant of the German literature of the last hundred years. Nothing but such a state of ignorance could justify the vaunting insolence which contrasts Baron Bunsen and the Germans with yourselves, in such terms as these : 'Knowing these things, and writing for men who know them, he has neither the advantage in argument of unique knowledge nor of unique ignorance' (p. 68), or could have led our essayists to deal with this whole sub ject as if they 'had the advantage in argument of unique knowledge.' Yet so they assuredly have done; for they quote unblushingly from these German sources arguments which every scholar acquainted with the history of German opinion knows to have been so completely re- futed that they have been abandoned by those who first invented them. Nay, even further, in more than one instance criticisms have been gravely advanced as unanswerable, which the later and deeper researches of tho critic himself have led him to retract. The same ' freedom of handling' pervades the representation they give of the whole present state of the controversy in Germany; for their language would lead us to believe that in that land Rational- ism was now marching absolutely triumphant along its ' pathway beaming with light ;' whereas the very opposite is the case. The utter weariness of spirit which this unresting scepticism has bred in most minds of the highest order of thought ; the deep study into which it has driven the noble reactionists who have arisen there ; and the unanswerable de- monstrations of the shallowness of the views lately prevalent to which it has given birth, have entirely altered the whole tone of religious feeling amongst our Teutonic brethren. But of this not one word is breathed by tho eloquent essayist who, rejoicing in ' his unique know- ledge,' pictures to himself his great theo- logical hero ' drowning himself in the Neckar to escape the ridicule of his country men who had dared to occupy the ordinary position of English scholars or divines. So as to our present special point; we should gather, as we have seen, from our essayists that rationalism was the devout attempt of the faith ful to rescue Christianity from the fatal defeats of an unbiassed criticism, not the lately preva- lent phase of scepticism seeking weapons of offence out of the critic's armoury. Yet what suggestion can possibly be less true to history ? We can but glance here at the real parentage of the evil brood ; but even a glance may suffice. We believe that to our own Deists in the last century belongs the real shame of originating this attack upon the faith. Toland, and Chubb, and Bolingbroke were rationalists of no common order. They found in Voltaire one who joy- fully transplanted to the Continent the infection of their unbelief. The little courts of Germany drew at that time their inspirations from Paris, and thus the evil was at once spread widely throughout Germany. Then came the great influence of Frederick II, which wrought powerfully in the same direction, and so the German mind, predisposed by its lack of the great internal safeguard of a duly organised church; yielded fatally to the disease. German literature having thus been tainted, its great qualities of labour, research, and ingenuity, as well as its great defect of a mystical self-con- sciousness, helped on the spreading of the evil ; until rationalism and Rome well nigh divided the religious mind of Germany. What, then, we really have to deal with is not an unbiassed criticism threatening Christianity, and com pelling us in self-defence to occupy some new position, but the almost passive adoption by our own countrymen of weapons forged in the workshops of German criticism against the faith, and seized by these new assailants with such a blind greediness that they often come to tho attack with weapons which have been already shattered upon German battle- fields of theo- logical discussion. So is it in Dr. R. Williams's assaults upon the prophecies. Of these the first that we would notice is that drawn from that treatment of ' the later Isaiah,' which he considers ' the most brilliant portion of Bunsen's prophetical essays.' The Object of this ' treatment is to show that the 53rd chapter of Isaiah contains no prophecy of the Messiah ; that according to Baron Bunsen it is no prophecy at all of any one, but an historical song of triumph over the final deliverance, after long rejection, of a con- temporary prophet. The Baron thinks Jeremiah, Dr. B. Williams suggests that Baruch is the more likely prophet if it be one single prophet who is designed ; but he himself prefers from ' the general analogy of the Old Testament, the oldest interpretation, and the truest,' namely, that it is ' the collective Israel' which is here described. Now we greatly desire to avoid wearying our readers under the head of criticism, and we will pro- mise to be very brief in dealing with it. But to this, instance, as exhibiting in a striking light most of Dr. E. Williams's peculiarities, and so enabling them to judge for themselves of his treatment of other passages, we earnestly invite their attention. They have now the explanation of the passage before them. We beg to notice-concerning it, first, its introduc tion as a purely, critical argument, next the bold tone of positiveness which marks his assertions, ' These arguments,' he says, are no slight illustration of the historical sense of that famous chapter which in the original is a history (p. 78). Words which are a simple and gratuitous assumption of the whole point in îf this was some novel Christian gloss, ' distort the Prophets by refusing to believe that the collective Israel is here meant to prove the Divine word incarnate, and then from the incar- nation reason back to the sense of prophecy, The cause of Christianity itself would be thé greatest gainer if we laid aside weapons the use of which brought shame' Lastly,- we grieve to say it, the unscrupulous ness of his assertions.' If already the vast majority of the prophecies are acknowledged by our best authorities to require some such rendering in order, to Christianise them, and if this acknowledgment has become uniformly stronger in proportion as learning was unfettered, the force of analogy leads us to anticipate that our Isaiah too must require a similar interpretation.' Now/bearing in mind these distinctive speci- mens of our essayists, we beg our readers to set side by side with .them the following considera- tions:, that Professor Hengstenberg has so completely answered every one of these points, 'that in the judgment of all but the most pre- judiced, their refutation is complete ; that, as is suggested, by Hengstenberg, not one sure analo- gous instance can be quoted in favour of the suggested personification of ' the collective Israel' ; that in verse 3 tho subject is spoken of by a word applied in the Hebrew language only to a person; that in verses 10 and 12 a soul is ascribed to him ; that the ' grave' and 'death' are used so as to imply a subject in the singular ; that the second proposition is the bare assertion of the matter to be proved : and that, so far from the objection being, as he would have us believe, suggested by a newly acquired critical power; it was one first invented by the Jews when they were pressed by Origen with the unanswerable witness borne by this chapter to our Lord as the promised Messiah ; so that, instead of being the result of a colour- less but more exact criticism, it was a sugges- tion originally conceived in the spirit of deadly hatred to Christianity, and only borrowed by the Rationalist from the Jew. For seventeen centuries only two non-Jewish commentators, one a professed and total unbeliever, are known to have applied the prophecy to any but our Lord. These two conceived that, in its primary application at least, it pointed to Jeremiah. 'It was reserved,' says Professor Hengstenberg, ' for the last quarter of the last century to be the first to reject the Messianic interpretation. At a time when naturalism exercised its sway it. could no longer be restrained. For if this passage, contains a Messianic prophecy at all, its con- tents offer so striking an agreement with the history of Christ that its origin cannot at all be accounted for in the natural way. Expedients were therefore sought for; and these were so much the more easily to be found that the Jews had in this matter already opened the way. All that was necessary was to appropriate their arguments and invest them with the semblance of solidity by means of a learned apparatus.' We shall not load our pages with quotations to establish these several points. In Professor Hengstenberg's Christology of tho Old Testa- ment may be found as complete and exhaustive a demolition of Dr. R. Williams's whole theory as it is possible for sound learning and critical skill to effect ; and as the English reader may study this article in Messrs. Clark's translation, we shall go no farther into it ourselves. Here then we have discovered a measure of the real learn- ing, critical acumen, and trustworthiness of the assertion of our Essayist; and so far as he is concerned we do not think that with such a measure in their hands the most timid will think that Christianity has much to fear from the remorseless criticism of Dr. Williams. To one other of his criticisms only would, we call attention. 'If' he says of the Baron,' he would follow our version in rendering the se- cond Psalm, "kiss the Son," he knew that He- brew idiom convinced even Jerome the true meaning,was "worship purely." The passage of St. Jerome referred to is in his answer to Ruffianus, where he is defending himself against attacks on his translation and commentary. The objection was, that he had translated the words commonly rendered ' kiss the Son,' by the words ' worship purely.' His reply is, that, the 'kiss' being the kiss of adoration, and the Hebrew Bar capable of either rendering (filius, or purus,) he, to avoid being understood grossly , (' putide'), had used a lawful liberty of translation. 'How, then,' he asks, ' does it hurt the faith of the Church, if the reader be taught in how many ways one verse of Hebrew may be explained. Yet in the face of this clear declaration, and though St. Jerome translates verses 6, 7, and 8 according to the ordinary rendering, which points, as clearly as language can express it, directly to our Lord, Dr. Williams assess that ' even Jerome, convinced by the Hebrew idiom,' thus gave up the Messianic interpretation of the Psalm. We trust that the discovery of these gross critical misstatements will have no tendency to induce Dr Williams to ' drown him- self in the Neckar,' or in any other river ; but we certainly, think that they must deprive his critical objections to the Bible of any weight whatever with all who are capable of forming a right judgment upon questionable evidence. This censure, however, must not be limited to Dr. R. Williams. We should rather say that so blinded are the whole party, through their love of naturalism, to the plainest rules of fair critical inquiry, that he is but a type of the rest—ex uno disco omnes. What, else can account for the Professor of Greek in the University of Oxford venturing to use such words, as these?—' No one would interpret Scripture as many do, but for certain previous suppositions with which we come to the perusal of it. " There can be no error in: the Word of Ged;" therefore the failure of a prophecy is never admitted, in spite of Scripture and of history' (Jer. ; xxxvi. 30 ; Isaiah ' xxiii/; Amos vii. 10-17)-(p. 343.) He does not consider that so much as one word is necessary to establish the truth of his statement. He seems to expect that no one will refer to the passages that he has brack- eted, or that all will be too ignorant to know the utter groundlessness of his assumption. If there are in the whole Scriptare two past pro- phecies which were signally and remarkably fulfilled, they are the two first which he has selected as instances to be dropped;down with- out a remark of the failure of Scripture pro- phecies. And as to the third passage; surely it; implies an 'incuria' which might be deemed 'crassa' to have asserted that it contained an instance of the non-fulfilment of prophecy ; for it implies that Mr. Jowett has read the verses to which he refers with so little attention as not to have discovered that the prediction which failed of its ful filment was no utterance of Amos, but was the message of Amaziah, the priest of Bethel, in which he falsely attributes to Amos, words he had not spoken. Surely such slips as these are as discreditable to a scholar as to a divine. r 8& «..iSr.wonpyra/ínt runs, more or less, condition should not now accept the Gospel as it was accepted by those to whom it was first preached. This is advanced sometimes, as by Dr. Temple, to bear out his notion of the growth of the colossal man ; sometimes to in- validate miracles ; sometimes the value of all external evidence ; and yet, parallel with this assertion, appear everywhere two others abso- lutely destructive of it, namely, that all real evidence for a revelation must be moral, and that we are those who are capable of comprehending moral evidence. What shall we say of the mere lite- rary worth of a volume full of such inaccurate criticisms and such loose philosophy ? But this is Mr. Jowett's mode of dealing with the Bible. Thus, by way of proof of the inaccuracy with which, in a passage we have already quoted, he charges the Evangelists, he lets fall quite casually the following list of errors :— 'One' (Evangelist) 'supposes the Original dwelling-place of our Lord's parents to have been Bethlehem; another Nazareth. They trace his genealogy in different ways. One men- tions tho thieves' blasphemy ; another has pre- served to after ages the record of the penitent thief. They appear to differ about the day and hour of tho crucifixion,' ;&c.; (p. 346). Now, to every one of these objections a complete answer has long been given, and may be found in the commonest critical and exegetical writers. It is impossible to suppose Mr. Jowett ignorant of these solutions; and yet how can we absolve him from ignorance, without finding him guilty of the far graver fault of gross criti- cal unfairness—of suggesting as acknowledged discrepancies, variations in the common narra- tive which he knew admitted of the easiest re- concilement? This is surely a most serious charge. It affects the fairness, the depth, the scholarship, the philosophy—everything in a word which could constitute the authority of the whole volume. There is not, so far as we know, one new argument, objection, or difficulty contained in it ; nor one, however confi- dently it is used as unanswerable, which has not been answered repeatedly and completely. Nothing has astonished us more than the shallowness and staleness of its sophistical suggestions of doubt. There is, with a some- what obtrusive, display of learning, an audacity in accumulating even paltry difficulties which have been long since explained; and laying again trains of German doubts which even the last generation saw exploded,—which speaks in the clearest tones of the shallow philosophy and indifferent scholarship of the writers. Dr. Rowland Williams's Hebrew objections ere those of a mere tyro in the language ; and Mr. Jowett's New Testament difficulties are continually such as might be answered by scholars read in 'no deeper learning' than the 'Family Expositor' of Dr. Doddridge, or the Commen- tary of Matthew Henry. Take only one of these last as an example : who is so ignorant as not to know that tho reconciliation of his exag- gerated difficulty about the two thieves is ' solved at once' by the simple suggestion that, as regards them, tho one Evangelist records the beginning of the crucifixion, when both ' cast the same in his teeth ;' the other the latter stage, when one had been brought to a penitent belief by the patience, love, and power which he wit nessed in the Crucified Redeemer. Here then we leave the critical argument, merely suggesting this as the probable cause why no general refutation of the Essays has yet appeared, that they are in fact but a stringing somewhat loosely together of tho current and already abundantly repelled objections and fal- lacies of German rationalism. There is but one other argument in favour of their system with which we need trouble our readers: It ir that which contioually reappears tbroughot the volume, the impossibility of be- lieving in a miracle. Now, this impossibility, is rested upon two grounds ; the first of theory the second, as it is alleged, of experience. First, it is suggested that it is inconsistent, with an enlightened Theism to suppose an All- Wise and Almighty Being, who could néed to interfere by interruptions and suspensions with His own creation. We simply ask by way of rejoinder, Why is it so ? Supposing for an instant that the visible creation around us was framed to be the dwelling-place and realm of such a reasonable creature as we know man to be ; and that—for the very purpose of preventing his falling under the power of outward things, through the power which they would naturally gain over him from his daily seeing instances of what seems the iron law of their unbroken order occasional or periodic suspension of that order were a part of the plan on which the universe is governed—who shall dare to say that there is in such a marvellous arrangement any dis- paragement of the wisdom, power, or love of Him who laid the foundation of the earth, and it abideth? The second argument lays down that, through the great advance of physical science, we are now able to say that there exists in all nature's wonders an unbroken and undeviating series of causes and effects ; from which follows the inevitable conclusion that no interruption of that eternal order could ever have been possible. Now, we admit that for the absolute Atheist this argument possesses considerable weight, Such an one has his own difficulties ; difficulties into which we will not now enter, but which are so insurmountable that those of revelation sink into nothing when compared with them. But, for any position short of Atheism, the argument seems to us to offer no shelter whatever. For, once grant that there was at any epoch whatever of this series of causes and effects a Creator and a Creation, and the whole argument breaks down. If Will called matter out of non-existence into existence, if Will began by its Almighty fiat the whole order of causes and effects from which we reason, then, there is no force whatever in the argument which from its existence would infer its necessary immutability. For, fix the beginning of the series where you please, the existence of that on which we trace the law of order stamped is itself the greatest of all miracles. He who then interfered may interfere at any other point in the series, and, before we can pronounce that He has not and will not do so, we must be able to comprehend all his ways, and to fathom all the secret purposes of. His all-wise but often most mysterious will. We see, then, nothing contrary to right reason in admitting the possibility of the mys- terious interference of the Maker with his work ; nor in admitting thé alleged fact of any actual miracle upon such evidence as would be suffi- cient to establish beyond doubt any other alleged fact. The answer to the canons, by which, as we have said above, these writers seek to set aside the predictive power of prophecy, is nearly the same. The in-dwelling of Prophecy in the Church, on the orthodox views, is the presence .,_-* -" ... , . - ... . i»-j---UH(IUU yt its wholee being by, a miraculous power. In it, God, who might have spoken by a voice from Heaven, used instead the Prophets' organs to address His words to men. Thus there has ever, doubtless, been about very many of tho prophetic utterances that moral and spiritual comment upon the events then happening, to which our Essayists would limit their func- tion. But beyond this moral office, there was also, we maintain, in them from God's immediate revelation, a predictive power. The proof, of this rests on the appli. cability to what claims to be such prediction, of such criteria as these:-That the prophecies were definite, and so incapable of the accidental fulfilment which has ere now, obtained credit for ambiguous oracles ; that they were such declarations of the future as could not have been the mere results of man's natural sagacity forecasting the probable issue of events; and then that, not being thus capable of being simply human guesses or forecastings, they should be certainly and with distinctness ful- filled. Now, that predictions which satisfy these required criteria pervade the Old and New Testament, we bold to be capable of the easiest proof. Such prophecies as those of tho des- truction of Jerusalem by the Romans and the scattering of tho Jews ; such prophecies as those which foretell the suffering and tri- umphant Messiah, and the spread of the Church, are alone sufficient to satisfy all these requirements.. What, then, in the face of this positive proof, becomes, of tho canons and doubts by which our Essayists would set them aside? Why should such words have, only a single meaning? Why, for example, should not a type, which is only acted prophecy, have been appointed by God, first to bring to the mind of the Hebrew worshipper through visible sacrifices the truth that without shedding of blood was no remission, and then to reach on and show to tho Christian that, from the first, the offering of Christ's blood upon the Cross had been the as yet only darkly revealed counsel of God for man's redemption? If this be true of a type or acted prophecy, why not of spoken prophecy? How is it against God's truth or God's wisdom that tho prophecy should have received a first fulfilment in some event which happened to the Jews, and its full accomplishment in the Christian covenant ? And if, thus examined, the first canon fails, the second falls with it ; nor is the third of any greater force. For the true strength of the prophecy lies not in its being the expression of the human instrument, through which it is delivered, but of the Divine mind which is revealing it. The human instruments might be, more or less, conscious of the full meaning of his words ; because it is not his meaning, but the meaning of God who speaks through him, which gives to the prophecy its essential character. From which it follows that we do not, as the essayists suggest that we do, when we read these double meanings, place ourselves behind the prophecy, and, paltering unfaithfully with words, draw from them a sense they were not intended to bear, but, by faith, we place God as the true speaker behind the words spoken, and receive as their truest meaning what He meant by them, whether the man who actually delivered them to us knew or did not know the mèssage which he gave. So that here as to prophecy, as before with regard to miracle, tho assumed difficulties of these writers vanish utterly away so soon as we examine closely into their real worth. Wonderful indeed it would be if constant experience had not taught us the fact, that men so incredulous as to real and well-attested marvels should be so credulous as to unreal and mere apparent wonders ; and that Baron Bunsen should disbelieve in the predictions of the prophecies of Scripture, and yet believe in the existence of 'foresight by vision of particulars, or a kind of clairvoyance as a natural gift' (p. 70J. Yet so it is. Unbelief, with all its boasts of bravery and freedom, is the most credulous weakness to which the human understanding can be bowed. So much then for this book, and but one word more as to its authors ; as to their present position, and the probable effect of their theories. We have felt bound to express distinctly our Conviction that, holding their views, they can not, consistently with moral honesty, maintain their posts as clergymen of the Established Church. We see more danger in the shape of Wide- spread suspicion and' distrust likely to arise from their continuance as teachers of that Church, whilst clearly disbelieving her doctrines, than from their lucubrations them- selves. They may indeed-especially those who are charged with the education of the young, by their cruel use of the art of sugges- tion, and by venturing on such matters OB these \--be able, ' spargere voces ambiguas,' to sow doubts in minds which but for them would never have been haunted by such spectral shapes, and to shake the foundations of what might have been built up into a firm belief:, they may incur the awful guilt of placing stumbling-blocks in the way of un wary feet, and destroying the weak brother for whom Christ died : but we cannot believe that they will exert any wide-spread influence in the Church of our land, or amongst our people. The English mind is too calm, too sound, too es- sentially honest to be widely or deeply affected by such speculations as these-and more especi- ally from such mouths. The flattering appeal which they make to unassisted human reason, and the gratification which they afford to the natural pride of the human heart, may win for them a certain following, but the great body of the Church of England men will stand aloof from them. Three of the Bisbips (Win- chester, St. David's and Oxford-, representing in some measure different schools of thought within the Church, have, we observe, already spoken out plainly in condemnation of them. The Bishop of St. David's, in his letter to Dr. Williams, which for temper, wit, acuteness, fairness, and sound learning is well nigh a per- fect specimen of what Christian controversy ought tp be, is led to announce, in language which none who have read it will forget, . the opinion which a long and deep acquaintance with German theology has led him to form on the value of rationalistic criticism. All the schools, then; of theological opinion amongst ns are opposed to the Essayists. On the one side stand in their way the recent growth of higher views of the authority of the Church and a juster value of all the great dogmas of the Catholic faith ; on the other, the fact that the special points assailed, by them are those which are the dearest to the school which has been least affected by the Church movement, such as the doctrine of original sin, justification by faith, and, above all, that of the Atonement. It may be that He whose attribute it is to bring good out of evil may, through this assault upon the common doctrines of the faith, draw together minds which have hitherto been far too widely separated, and heal divisions in which is at the moment the main danger of the Church of this country. The thunder-cloud which, with its electric presence, has stirred up into unusual activity these buzzing interrupters of our peace. may thus burst upon our land in a refreshing shower of precious and invigorating influences. Here we gladly leave the Essayists and their Essays ; but before we conclude we wish to say a very fever words on that momentous subject of inspiration, on which, as we said at first, is tho brunt of their whole attack. It is a favourite mode of assault with all who wish to lower the authority of inspiration to require those who believe in it to define with exactness wherein it consists ; ' Where,' they ask, ' is your own theory of inspiration ?—either admit ours, or substitute another. This finding fault with what is proposed, and yet proposing no substi- tute, is the very helplessness of a miserable obstructiveness.' Now this we entirely deny. We maintain that this craving for 'a theory of inspiration' is itself a part of the disease we have to treat. In this sense of the word, Holy Scripture has never laid down any theory of inspiration ; the Church has never propounded one ; and there are plain, and we think sufficient reasons, for this reticence. A doctrine con- cerning inspiration indeed that Word does con- tain, and that doctrine the Church Catholic received at first, and according to her office has guarded ever since. But this do which Holy Scripture distinctly asserts con- cerning itself, which the Church has always repeated, and which has satisfied believers of the deepest thought and of the most command- ing powers of reason, is really inconsistent with any such theory of inspiration as the sceptic desires. For what does Holy Scripture claim to be ? The Word of God, ' The oracles of God'- QdirvtvoToç*-God-breathed; and what must this imply? Surely that there is a mighty and mysterious presence of God in this His Word. This is why there is so great a difficulty in saying in all cases whether, when ' the Word of God is spoken of in its pages, it is the Incarnate Word or the written word which is designed. For as thé Incarnate Word, the divine Aoyoç, tho Word who was in the beginning with. God, is to all created being, even, it seems, to the angelic hierarchy, in whom it exists in its highest and purest form the coming firth of tho unap proachable glory of the Everlasting Father, so the written Word ia the manifestation to man of the self-same hidden glory of the Father. Thus there is a divine presence in the Word ; and even as in the Word Incarnate there is a true union of the divinity, with the manhood, both natures being uncommingled, though both eternally united in the person of tho Son, even so in the written Word there are present ever- more the human element and. the divine, each acting, according to the: perfect law of its own nature, neisher interfering with the other. Tho Divinity, restraining or enlarging its communi cations, as is required for the' perfectness of God's revelation of Himself, never annihilating humanity, nor ever giving possible place for the entrance into the Revelation which is the proper subject of tho divine acting, of that infirmity, error,or corruption, which are natural to man save in so far as the presence of the Higher Power holds him up and keeps him free from their dominion. So much God's Word declares; so much the Church has received; so much every faithful man believes. But, if curiosity seeks for farther insight, or captiousness begins to ques- tion, or unbelief to stumble,—if the flesh asks to have the dividing line between the operation of the Divine and the Human in the inspired Word marked sharply out so as to meet all objections and answer all questions ! if it asks, that is to say, for such a perfect 'theory of inspiration' as the rationalist craves, — the answer must be the same as if the same temper sought to criticise the great doctrine of the Incarnation itself; namely, that no perfect theory is possible unless we could first fathom the infinite and reduce to definite proportions the hidden nature of the un- fathomable Godhead. So that the fact, that in this great gift of the written Word there is that which defies the philosophic skill which would have a perfect theory for everything, so far from being a presumption1 against its truth, is an argument for it. So far, as we can con- ceive, a written revelation must for man be com- municated through man, whilst it must, for its knowledge of much, for the certain accuracy of all, the revelation, depend upon God as the revealer. There must, therefore, be com- bined in it the :action of the two natures ; and if the two natures are both present and bath in action, it must be beyond our power to have a perfect theory for that which is thus the united action of two powers,—seeing that of the higher of those powers we know only what has been revealed to us, and as to its law and mode in combining its action with the lower nature (which we do know), since nothing has been revealed to us, we can know nothing. The spirit which raises these difficulties, and prompts the asking of these questions is the very spirit which, working with the subtilty of the scholastic temper, framed and fashioned for the Sacrament of the Eucharist the unwarranted and dangerous logical hypothesis of transub- stantiation. In that Sacrament, as in the written Word, the early Church believed simply, with ourselves, that God was present. But questions arose. How was he present? what were the limits of tho presence, its mode, its conse- quences? where was it possible to draw the sharp line between the elemental matter and the presence of Deity? Unhappily, a large portion of the Church listened to the tempting whisper, that by logical definition it might satisfy questions which piety never would have asked, and reverential wisdom never would have endeavoured to answer. The sad result ought to be a lesson to us here ; and to teach us that we are surrounded by mysteries of God's presence and working, which reveal themselves sufficiently to satisfy a humble faith of their undoubted reality ; but which are im- penetrable barriers against that proud curiosity which evermore leads men on to seek to be as gods, knowing good and evil. 