9 - THE ALIBI. m A Real Experience. 9 I wholly disbelieve in spirit rapping, table 9 rapping, and all supernatural eccentricities 9 Qf that nature. I refuse credence to the best 9 authenticated ghost story (mind you, ghost 9 story pur et simple)- I can sleep in the 9 gloomiest haunted room in the gloomiest haunted house, without the slightest fear of n nocturnal visit from the other world. But, although I scoff at white ladies, bleed- | hig nuns, et hoc genus omne, there is a species I of supernatural occurrence in which I am, I | confess, an unwilling and also an hesitating ;4 believer. t The circumstances I am about to relate are of this nature, and were told me by an intimate friend of mine, as having lately oc- ' curred to a relation of his own. I give the story as he gave it to me, namely, in the words as nearly as possible of the principal d actor in it. W Two years ago, towards the end of the London season, weary of the noise and Si bustle that for the last three months had p been ceaselessly going on around me, I de- f| termined upon seeking a few days' rest and j|| quiet in the country. The next evening saw 1 me comfortably located in a farm house about II two miles from the cathedral town ofX . || ,fb« little' cottage in which I had taken up l| my quarters belonged to an old servant of || my father's, and had long been a favourite II resort of mine when wishing for quiet and fflm fresh air. S3 The evening of the second day after my mm .arrival was unusually close and sultry, even Si for the time of year. Weary with the heat, wM. and somewhat sated with the two days' ex- E""iiS perience I had enjoyed of a quiet country 1111 life, I went up to my bedroom about half- past p|i ten, with the intention of taking refuge from ffj the ennui which was growing on me, in a f <"J g00 lng night's sleep. Binding, however, j. 1 the heat an insuperable obstacle to closing | my eyes, I got up, put on my dressing ! gown, and lighting a cigar, sat down at the open window, and dreamily gazed out on the i oarden in front of the cottage. Before me ! several low flat meadows stretched down to \ the river, which separated us from the town. i In the distance the massive towers of the s cathedral appeared in strong and bright re- lief against the sky. The whole landscape \ was bathed in a flood of light from the clear i summer moon. I was gradually getting sleepy and beginning to think of turning in, when 1\. heard a soft, clear voice, proceeding appa rently from some one just beneath my win- ; dow, saying, : i ' George, George, be quick ! You are wanted in the town.' I immediately looked from the window, ! ' and although the moon still shone most bril- i liantly, somewhat to my surprise I could see no one. Thinking, however, that it was a | friend of my landlord's, who was begging him to come into the town upon business, 1 ' turned from the window, and getting into i ' bed, in a few minutes was fast asleep. I i must have slept about three hours, when I > ; awoke with a sudden start, and with a shi- > vering ' gooseskin' feeling all over me. Ean- I eying that this was caused by the morning ! air from the open window, I was getting out y of bed to close it, when I heard the same ti voice from the very window itself. | 1 George, be quick ! You are wanted in ( the town.' I These words produced an indescribable | effect upon me. I trembled from head to j j foot, and, with a curious creeping about the | j roots of the hair, stood and listened. Hearing nothing more, I walked quickly to the win- ij dow, and looked out. As before, nothing : was to be seen,. I stood in the shade of the curtain for some minutes, watching for the speaker to show himself, and then laughing ' i at my own nervousness, closed the window and returned to bed. The grey morning light was now gradually overspreading the 1 j heavens, and daylight is antagonistic to all i those fears which under cover of the dark" \ ness will steal at times over the boldest. In I spite of this, I could not shake off the un- , I comfortable feeling produced by that voice. Vainly I tried to close my eyes. Eyes re mained obstinately open ; ears sensitively ! and very painfully alive to the smallest : sound. ! Some half hour had elapsed, when again I i felt the same chill stealing over me. "With S I the perspiration standing on my forehead, 1 I started up in bed, and listened with all my y might. An instant of dead silence, and the 5 mysterious voice followed : ' George, be quick ! You must go into the I town1' /i The voice was in the room — nay, more by my very side. The miserable fear that came y ver me, I cannot attempt to describe. I felt that the words were addressed to me, and by no human mouth. Hearing nothing more, I slowly got out | j of bed, and by every means in my power i convinced myself that I was wide awake, and i ; not dreaming. Looking at myself in the j Sss on the dressing table, I was at first I I shocked, and then, in spite of myself, some- I ' what amused, by the pallid hue and scared | ; expression of my countenance. I grinned a | ghastly grin at myself, whistled a hit of a | polka, and got into bed again. I soon found | out, however, that bed, under the circum- i stances, was a mistake, and I determined to | ; get up, and calm my nerves in the fresh \- morning air. I dressed hurriedly, with many | ; a look over my Bhoulder, keeping as much as i possible to one corner of the room, where i nobody could get behind me. The grass in ; front of my window was glistening vyjth the fj ; heavy morning dew, on which no foot could j press without leaving a visible trace. I | searched the whole garden thoroughly, but b no Bign could I see 'of any person having been . there. : i Pondering over the events of the night, which in spite of broad daylight and common sense, persisted in assuming a somewhat su- a, pernatural aspect, I wandered across the ,V7 meadows towards the river, by a footpath 77 which led to the ferry. As I drew near to M 'he boatman's cottage I saw him standing at ij hiB door, looking down the path by which y |wns coming. As soon as he saw me, he lv: I11 rned and walked down to his boat, where H ted my arrival. j. j You are early on foot, my friend, this « morning,' said I, as I joined him. |ii 'E:uly, sir,' answered lie, in a somewhat Scumbling tone ; ' yes, it is early, sir, and I lave been waiting here for you this two hours r more.' "Waiting for me, friend, how so P' 1'- ' Xes> Bir> I have ; for they seemed so very I jumous that you should not he waiting ; they h 1 y,e been down from the farm twico to-night, f: j lmg me that you should not kept waiting ; uat you would want to ci'osb the ferry j lery early this morning.' | i answered the man not a word, and get- j lug into his boat, was quickly put across tho water. As I walked rapidly up towards the town, I endeavoured to persuade myself that somebody was endeavouring to play a silly hoax upon me. A.t laBt, stopping at a gate through which I had to pass, I determined to proceed no further. As I turned to re trace my steps, suddenly the same shivering sensation passed over me — I can only des cribe it as a cold damp blast of air meeting me in the face, and then, stealing around and behind me, enveloping me in its icy folds. I distinctly heard the words ' Georgo, George,' uttered in my very ear, in a some what plaintive and entreating tone. I shud dered with a craven fear, and turning hastily round hurried ou towards the town. A few minutes' walking brought me into the market place. It was evidently market day, for in spite of the early hour there was a considerable bustle going on. Shops were being opened, and the country people were exposing their butter, poultry, and eggs, for sale, and for about two hours I wandered amongst the busy and constantly increasing crowd, listening to every scrap of information that reached my ear, and vainly endeavour ing to connect them with the strange sum mons that had roused me from my bed, and led me nolens volens to the town I could hear nothing that interested me in any way, and feeling tired and hungry, I decided on breakfasting at the hotel, which overlooked the market place, and then taking myself back to the cottage in spite of the mysterious voice. The cheerful and noisy bustle of the market had indeed partly dissi pated the morbid turn which my fancies had taken. After I had breakfasted I lit my cigar, and strolled into the bar, where I talked for ten minutes with the landlord without elucida ting anything of greater moment than that it was his (the landlord's) opinion that things were bad — very, that Squire Thorn- bury-was going to give a great ball on the occasion of his daughter's approaching mar riage ; and that Mr "Weston's ox was certain to carry off the prize at the next agricultural meeting. I bade him good morning, and turned my steps homeward. I was checked on my way down the High Street by a considerable crowd, and upon inquiring what was the matter, was informed that the Assizes were being held, and that an interesting murder case was going on. My curiosity was roused I turned into the court house, and meeting an acquaintance who fortunately happened to. be a man in authority, was introduced into court, and accommodated with a seat. The prisoner at the bar, who was accused of pilla ging and murdering a poor country girl, was a man of low slight stature, with a coarse brutal oast of features, rendered peculiarly striking by their strangely sinister expression. As his small bright eyes wandered furtively round the court they met mine, and for an instant rested upon me. I shrank involuntarily from his gaze, as I would from that of some loathsome reptile, and kept my eyes steadily averted from him till the end of the trial, which had been nearly concluded the pre vious evening. The evidence, as summed up by the judge, was principally circumstantial, though apparently overwhelming in its nature. In spite of his counsel's really excellent defence, the jury, unhesitatingly, found him guilty. The judge, before passing sentence, asked the prisoner, as usual, if he bad anything further to urge why sentence of death should not bo passed upon him. The unfortunate man, in an eager excited manner, emphatically denied his guilt, — declared that he was an honest, hard- working, travelling glazier, — that he was at Bristol, many miles from the scene of the murder on the day of its commission,— and that he knew no more about it than a babe unborn. When asked why he had not brought forward this line of defence during the trial, he declared that he had wished it, but that the gentleman who had conducted bis defence had refused to do so. His counsel, in a few words of explanation, stated that though he had every reason to believe the story told by the prisoner, he had been forced to confine his endeavours in his behalf to breaking down the circumstantial evidence for the prosecu tion — that most minute and searching inquiries had been made at Bristol, but that from the short time the prisoner had passed in that town (some three or four hours), and from the lengthened period which had elapsed since the murder, he had been unable to find witnesses who could satis factorily have proved an alibi, and had therefore been forced to rely upon the weakness of the evi dence produced by the prosecution. Sentence of death was passed upon the prisoner, who was removed from the bar loudly and persistently de claring bis innocence. I left the court painfully impressed with the conviction that he was innocent. The passionate earnestness with which he had pleaded his own cause, the fearless, haughty expression that crossed his ill-omened features, when, finding his asser tions entirely valueless, he exclaimed with an im precation, ' Well, then, do your worst, but I am innocent. - I never saw the poor girl in my life, much less murdered her,' caused the whole court, at least the unprofessional part of it, to feel that there was some doubt about the case, and that ciroumstantial evidence, however strong, should rarely be permitted to carry a verdict of guilty. I am sure that the fervent, though unsupported assertions made by the prisoner, affected the jury far more than the florid defence made for him by his counsel. The painful scene that I had just witnessed entirely put the events of the morning out of my head, and I walked home with my thoughts fully occupied with the trial. The earnest protestations of the unfortunate man rang in my ears, and his face, distorted with anxiety and passion, rose ever before me. I passed the afternoon writing an swers to several business letters, which had found me out in my retreat, and soon after dinner re tired to my room, weary with want of sleep the previous night and with the excitement of tho day. It had been my habit for many years to make every night short notes of the events of the day, and this evening, as usual, I sat down to write my journal. I had hardly opened the book when, to my horror, the deadly chill that I had experienced in the morning again crept round me. I listened eagerly for the voice that had hitherto followed, but this time in vain ; not a sound could I hear but the ticking of my watch upon the ta ble, and, I fear, I must add, the beating of my own coward heart. I got up and walked about, endeavouring to shake off my fears. The cold shadow, however, followed me about, impeding, as it seomed my very respiration. I hesitated for a moment at the door, longing to call up the ser vant upon some pretext, but, checking myself, I turned to the table, and resolutely sitting down, n-oin opened my journal. As I turned over the leaves of the book, the word Bristol caught my eye. One glance at the page, and in an instant the following strange circumstances flashed across my memory. , I had been in Bristol on that very day— the day on which this dreadful murder had been committed! On my way to a friend's house, I had missed at Bristol tho train I had expected to catch, and having a couple of hours to spare, wan dered into the town, and entering the first hotel I came to, called for some luncheon. The annoy- ance I felt at having some hours to wait was ag uravuted by the noise a workman was making in replacing a pane of glass in one of the coffee room windows. I spoke to liira once or twice, and find- imr rnv remonstrances of no avail walked to the window, and, with the assistance of tho waiter, forced the man to discontinue his work, in an instant I recalled tho features ofl the workman. It was the very man I had seen m tho felons dock that morning. There was no doubt about it. That hideous face as it peered through the broken pane had fixed itself indelibly in my memory, and now identified itself beyond the possibility of a doubt with the sinister counten ance that had impressed mc so painfully in the morning. I have little more to add. I imme diately hurried back to the town and laid these facts before the judge. On communication with the landlady of the hotel at Bristol, she was ablo to prove the payment of a small sum on that day to a travelling glazier. She came down to X , and from among a crowd of felons unhesitatingly picked out the convicted man as the person to whom she had paid the money. The poor fellow being a stranger at Bristol, and having only pas sed two or three hours there, was utterly unable to remember at what houses he had been employed. I myself had forgotten the fact of my haviug ever been in that town. A week later the man was at liberty. Som e matter-of-fact people may endeavour to divest these circumstances of their, to me, mysterious nature, by ascribing them to a disordered imagina tion and the fortuitous recognition of a prisoner condemned to die. Nothing will ever efface from my mind the conviction that Providence in this case chose to work out its ends by extraordinary and supernatural means. Here ended his story. I give it you without addition or embellishment, as he told it to me. It is Becond hand, I confess, but hitherto I have never been fortunate enough to hear a story with aught of supernatural iu it that was not open to the same objection. Newspaper Readers. — 'Anything new in the paper thia morning ?' Such is the question daily asked at the breakfast-table of the master of the household iu teu thousand families, as he monopolises the broad sheet of The Times or Telegraph, 1 Oh, nothing particular !' is the customary and careless reply. Yet the vast mass of printed matter may contain intelligence of the utmost importance — commercial and po litical ; long orations, full of eloquence and power ; imperial or royal decrees, inaugurating or ending revolutions ; details of the movements of fleets and armies ; the balance sheet of a nation's expenditure ; and brilliant leading articles, to write which, half-a-century ago, would have made a man famous, or raised him to political power ; but which iu our time at tract but little notice the day they are pub lished, and none the day after. As readers and politicians, we are all of us ' used up.' It is only when a more than ordinary abominable case comes before Sir CresswelL Cresswell, or a murder has been committed, to which there ib no clue to motive or perpetrator, that the gentle public, male as well as female, find out that there is ' something ' in the papers. The jaded attention is immediately aroused ; and millions of people, who care nothing for Kings, Emperors, and Presidents, and all their doings or misdoings, or for long speeches in Parfia- ment, think, talk, and read of nothing else but the piquant scandal, or the terrible mystery that has shocked or startled society out of its drowsy indifference. — London Beview. Blondin.— On Saturday Blondin made his twenty-fourth assent at the Crystal Palace, having been advertised to perform several feats new to the general public. His perform ances took place on this occasion within the building, on the cord stretching across the transept. Immediately after he appeared on the rope, aud when he had advanced about twenty or thirty paces, an unrehearsed effect was produced, which involved probably as much peril as Blondin has yet been exposed to in this country, and which brought out his qualities of nerve, self-posession, and bodily strength in a very striking manner. The Hcene is thus des cribed in a letter to one of the daily papers : — By the advice of a friend, I reluctantly ex pended five shillings upon a ticket for the upper gallery, which gave me the privilege of being upon a level with the rope, and the advantage, of a place on the platform from which the man started. Shortly after I arrived Blondin came upon the stage, the band struck up a lively march, aud the performance; upon a rope 1 60 feet above the floor, commenced. With a steady step the acrobat paced the first few yards of his cord, thea with marvellous agility quickened his steps into a rapid run, when, with a crash, bis pole, weighing sixty pounds, snapped in the centre, the slight rim of iron attached to it as a support, bent doable. Blon- din fell with easy skill astride the rope, and, grasping it with his thighs, was safe. The pole hung in two pieces from the cord, held together only by the clasp of iron. While his attendants hurried to and fro to procure assis tance, he alone remained calm, with a courage and coolness which it was impossible to regard without admiration. He gradually raised the broken pieces, bent double as they were, and with this shattered and ill balanced pole he again stood up and walked the remainder of the distance. A considerable delay then took place before another pole could be procured. The crowd beneath, who, thirsting for morbid excitement, had but faintly cheered him when he saved himself from a terrible position, soon began to show symptoms of impatience, and at last broke out into very audible sounds of dis approbation. Ab these sounds increased, I watched the countenance of the acrobat as he looked anxiously below. Whatever we may thin!: of the foolhardiness of his calling, what must his thoughts have been when he found his life thus reckoned as the gladiator's was of old, the price of amusement for the people 1 At length a pole arrived, far smaller than that he usually carried, and wanting the balance weights at the points. Evidently stimulated by the noise beneath he blindfolded himself, and in a sack returned along the rope to the satisfaction of the audience. One of the officials, remarking upon his courage, said — ' He never yet disap pointed the public.' ' Excubb me,' replied a wag, ' he has done so to-day.' ' How ?' ex claimed the official. ' By not breaking his neck,' said the wag." Sodr Grafes ! — The following is an extraot from a private letter, dated Chicago, AuguBt 20, 1861 : — The fact is, we now care but little what shape public opinion may take in England. There was a time when we had a right to her sympathy, aB well for the good will everywhere entertained towards her as in reciprocity of the feeling so manifest when recently she had rebellion in India to deal with. To have manifested that sympathy at the outset and thus shut out all hope of aid and assistance to the South, would before now have terminated the strife, anil ere this England might be again taking her darling cotton to her embra ces. As it is, however, we feel that we must rely on ourselves. In that reliance we men of the North-West trust with unfaltering oonfidence. It is quite time the idea that we can or will con sent to the separation from the South is aban doned, if it is seriourly entertained on your side of tho water. Should even tho Government agree to it, the North- west,' with her 8,000,000 of freemen, would dissent. Iler hardy yeomanry choso Jthis land for the heritage of their children with the knowledge and belief that the Mississippi and its tributaries were a part of their birth right. If it be their mission to preserve that heri tage alone they will do it. As an evidence of the spirit of the people here, I may add that Illinois heretofore has had 20,000 men in the field. The President, in his recent proclamation called for thirteen regiments more, and fifty-one tendered their services. 