MELBOURNE. I Tu.irouiij .evening. The Assembly increased the Cbaritab.e votes last night, by Iba sam of £¿0,030. Mr. E tabling's motion for an Invitation to the Prince of Wales to visit Australia, iras opposed and withdrawn. The Wont of Confidence motion is creating great in. tere it. It will have many supporters. MASONIC DINNER.-Ptvscant to advertisement, a . me «ting wes held ac the Australasian Freemasons' Ho'el, in York-stroot, last evening, at which it was re solved tbat next Saint John's Day (Monday, Jane 24) be cele- brated nv a Masonic dinner. THE VOLUNTEER. ABTILLEIIY.-The Sydney and New South Wale« companies of Volanteer Artillery paraded yesterday afternoon, in the loner Domain. The first named ooropany appeared in full dress, and were more numerous than the latter, who bave not yet received their uniforms. They wera inspeoted by Captain Pitt, noting commandant, oed went through their evolutions with cfiraide able eocuracy. ScnooL OF Aires Di CU-SION CLASS.-The debate this evening will be held in tba leoture.haU of tbis institut, lion, tbe room in wbioh the debates bave been held during the last few months now proving too small for (be increased attendance. The sutjact of this evening's debata save rise to a most interesting discussion, and woR adjourned from last week. Amongst tbe speakers were two honorable members of thu legislative Assem- bly, and Dr. Woolley, D.C.I.., one of tbe vice.préndente. The meeting commences at 8 o'clock, and is open to (be public. MEETINGS AND CTIIER PUBLIC BUSINESS Ï. II TO-DAY. -There ia to te a meeting at Balmain Solionl of Arl», tbis evening at 7 30 ; a lecture in Mr. Cane's School- room, Stanley-Htrcet, at tbe same hour ; ard a meet- ing of the Cattle Stealing Suppression Association, at ll o.m. THE LATE STABBING CASE AT DAitiJKOHTJBsx GAOL. John RoleriR, who was stabbed in Darlinghurst gaol on Tuesday, by bis fellow prisoner. William Shearman, is still alive. His chances of reenvory are slightly im- proved ; but his wound is a fearful one, ss moy be readily anti en food «ben we s'alo tbat the knife, after pt natrating bis chest, entered hiB lunes. Tbe nnfortn. nate man complains chiefly of pains io tba intestines, ^caused, no doubt, by the »aoesnive internal hemorrhage from wbicb he bad first sufiVred. Dr. West is of opinion that Shearman was, and ia »till soff, ring from delirium tremens. He i» undi r treatment as a lunatic. Since running the muck on Tuesday, be bas eaten nothing, neither does be sleep, but wanders all tbe night long up and down bia cell. His only desire is tq,be permitted to smoke, a privilege tbe doctor hes promised to concede if tbe wre'abed man take some food. Mas. CHÍHXEH;POOLE.-The numerous admirers of this talented artiste will learn with interest that the arrived ia London by the Ocean Chief, from Melbourne in the flist »eek cf March, ond bad accepted on engagement with Mr. Simpson, ' of the Theatre Boyal, Birmingham, at wbioh Louse she was to appear on Easter Monday, as Rosalind ia J" As yon likeit," wbioh, it may be remem- bered, was one of her most favourite impersonate ni in I Sydney. After the fulfilment of that engagement, she purposes proceeding to Hull and Leeds, and in Septem- ber wonld play an engagement with Mr. A. Harris, lessee and manager ' of tbe Princess' Theatre, London. Mrs. Poole will leave London in tbe first week of October, accompanied by Mr. Charles Poole, Mr. Swin- burne, the eminent tragedian, and the Misses Coveney, popular actresses en petite comedie, for Sydney, in order to appear et the Lyceum Theatre in December next. Wa learn the above particulars from a ptivate letter, received by the last mail, which also states, that Mr. Charles Poole has been entertained at Birmingham, by a large party of his old friends at ? dinner, at which Alderman Watkins presided. " ? '. ? > . " . IMPUDENT Tmsyr.-On WednesJay night as daring o robbery as contd possibly be conceived was perpetrated - on Mr. Sandon,'tbe bookceller, of George-street. Tbe English mail having brongbt toms large bales 'of mas'* ! zines and newspapers. Mr. Sandon was busily engaged with his assistant?, in sorting them off for his sub- scribers, the operation keeping him at business until a late hour. Shortly after Bin« o'clock, a gentleman who bsd borrowed Mr.Sandon's horse, during the early part of the evening, returned it, tying the animal to one of the postB opposite the shop door. Judge of Mr. San don's surprise, however, when he had closed the door of bis establishment to observe the horse gone, although scarcely a minute had elapsed since be bad seen ir, in fact, it was there when the last shutter was being put up. Mr. Sandon walked briskly towards Charlotte-place, thinking it had gone home, wben on arriving at the corner of Bridge-street, he met bia horse stripped of all its accoutrements. "" ' - ' ? ' TH« IMAGE OP Gt» ur MAN.-The Btv. Dr. Tuner, ton delivered a lectora on" this 'subject, front Geneiia L 20.7. on Wednesday even'ng. , He observed that tba dignity and honour which the Creator had conferred on man has been the theme of man; writers, and are elrarly revealed in tbe Holy Scriptures. Man was formed on the tilth day. The earth and all ita inhabitants were prepared for his reoeption; and before man waa pro- el aced them wa« . o naultation between the Father Son, and Holy Ghost respecting bim. "T>t nanak* man in oar own image, after our likeness." He re« ferred to tbe varions interpretations given ot tbesa versos ; and then proceeded to answer the question " In what did the image of God in man consist ?' l{ did not consist in the appearance of a radiant g'ory around the head o' Adam, aa many Jewish writers bid fanoifulty asserted. Philo and some others bald that man was made in the image of God, beoaoBS he wis formed in accordance with the image or pattern ia tba Divine mind «hen God resolved to create bim ; ¿otin this venae all creatures may be said to be made In tba image of God. Otigen and other Christian fathers teach that man is said to be made in the image ol God h cause ha was mada in the image of tba Sm of God; bat it is not consistent with the language of Seiipture to apply exclusively to the S Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The apostle Paul gin« the true exposition of the image of God in man : < Asl have put on the new man, which is renewed in knov ledge after the image of him that created him." «And that yon put on the new man. whioh after God ia created in righteousness and trae holiness." Knowledge, right. eou«ness, and true holiness o nstita'ed the image of Gol in Adam. His knowledge and wisdom far surpassed tbs wisdom of Solomon, and that of tbe sages and pbilcso. pbers who have been admired in the world. Adam knew all the beasts of the field, and fowls of the air, and gav« to every beast a name descriptive of its qualities. His dominion over all irrational animals originated in his possessing the image of God. This flited bira to be ths representative of the Creator, and tbe lord of Ibis world ; and to enable him to retain and extend bis dominion,, he was commanded to " multiply and ' replenish tbs earth." Had he retained the image of God, the fesr of bim wonld have been impressed on nil the beasts ol tbs field. God brought all the beasts of tbe field, and fowls of the air, unto Adam, that they might see and reverent!» their king, and had he multiplied without trssFgressing, tbs image of God in whioh he was created wonld bars enabled bim and bia posterity, as the representatives of God, to retain dominion over all the inhabitants of the earth. Bat Ad-m, who wis made in honour, abode not, He lost the glory of the Divine image, and brought npos himself death and Buffetings. Man Blill retains some of tbe linesmen's of the Divine image. Though dead in trr>8'prB'es and sin, he is led by the principles of bis nature to do) lp ht in benevolence and bate ntalignitv fa others ; bot through the sin of Adam be inherits a fallen and depraved natara ; and can only fae restored to tbs image of God through faith in our Lord Jems Christ, He is " the ï,arab|if God that 'aketh away the sins of lbs world," and if we believe in H m wo will be transformed into the image of God ; for ".faith works by love anti purifies the heart," and ohangelh the sinner into tbs likeness of the Son of God, In Christ Jesus wo have s trae pattern of the image of God in man. Christ wig infinite in knowledge, perfect in holiness, and being ons with God could not sin ; Adam was endowed with inaal eulabie knowledge and trae holiness, but was liable lo sin and became tho subject of death, and bis posterity can only be restored to the likeness of God by faith ii our Lord Jesus Christ. THE DRAMA.-The performances at the Victoria Theatre last night were given for the benefit of Messrs. Hilliard and Delprado, and the very crowded and fashionable audience which thronged the house attested the general appreciation of their courtesy and attention to the habituès of the theatre, and we also trust proved very satisfactory to them, in a pecuniary point of view. The new historical drama was performed for the second time, and, as might be expected, went off even better than on the previous night. Gorgeous as are the mises en scene of this play, and careful.and elaborate the study which has been bestowed upon its production, we are still of opinion that, to render it thoroughly popular, the introduction of a larger amount of relief, in the way of humorous and sparkling dialogue, is necessary. The plot is full of interest, and will, perhaps, be best understood from the following synopsis. The first act rises at Rheims upon the studio of the artist Ducarel (Mr. F. Howson), an intense admirer of the Emperor, who is presently joined by his friend, Colonel St. Aubyn (Mr. Barford). It appears that on a previos occasion, in Ducarel's absence, the Colonel had received an order for the copying of a certain miniature from a lady, Therese la Bel aire (Mrs. Jones), kinswoman lo Fouche, the minister of police, and be now requests his friend to exchange dresses with him, in order to keep up the ruse, and to «ive bim an nppoitanity of making a deoli. ration of his ardent a filiation for her. Tbe soberna suooeeds, the lady presents herself, but, in tba midst of St. Aabyn'H eostaoixs, her guardian enters, and tbs tete a tele ls interrupted by the éntranos offals retinue, who harry her away io Pari«. After tba interview, the painter Daoarel enters and informs St. Aubyn tbat whilst strolling outbids tbe bouse, tod still westing bis fr.end's uniform, be bad^been accosted by a sncpHons-looking individual, who "bad placed in bit banda a packet, which he prodnees. St. Anbyn is visibly affected at the sight of ibis missive, ind re. fusing to satisfy bis friend by any explanation of tb* affair, places the packet in bis pocket. They soon afterwards again exchange coats, and the packet is an. wittingly left in tbe pocket of Dnoorel's coat. Sk Anbyn starts for Paris, delighted with tbe prosperous. issuo of bis snit, and Clothilde de Ia Katie (Lady Don), a Légitimais'e lady of high rank, «bose family baa been mined by the revolution, and wbo is beloved by Ducarel, enters, and daring an interview between tb» lovers, the studio is invaded by a party of the J police sbirrt, myrmidona of Fon che, who find tba packst on Ducarel's per.on, and immédiat ely arrest ltira for tret* ?on. The second act introduced the Emperor Napoleon (Mr. Hayner), attended by the infamous Pouche (Mr. Rogers), the marshals, end .various functionaries of the Court, and surrounded by the Imperial guard. Tho Emperor determines, in compliance with some rainer un- intelligible etiquette, thst St. Anbyn sliall marry Therese. Fouohe, however, denounces Vt. Aubyn st a traitor, and be and Duotrel ere both tak>n to Vincennes, there to be tried for tbe crime with which they are ic ensed. Tbe notion in this scene bringt out in relief lbs feeble ohsraoter of the Emperor, the astute diplcrnacyof Fonahe, the cari Iras sangfroid of Lannes,and tba targa number of persons on tba stage renders tbe scene very effective. In the fourth act, tbo Emperor is d ecorated in bis privy chamber, where he receives a petition in favour of Dacarel, fron Clothilde, couched ia ony thing bat respectful terms. The effects of the Emperor's ire, however, aro arrested by the interposition of the Empress Josephine. Sr. Anbyn and Ducarel meet in tbe dungeons of Via nennen, where they .gre nnited to tbeir lesptctiH fiancees, and Fouche's treachery, is ultimately discovered, io time to save tbe lives of Darrel and St. Aabyn, ly the discovery tbat be had thn treasonable document io bia possession tome time prêvions to his sendiotittoS'. Anbyn by the h tods of ceo of bis emissaries. The Emperor I restores to C:olhilde her hereditary title and estates, and oonfers nnpon Daaarel tba Order of tbe Legion cf j Honour, and tbe play eonolndesj witb sloging ef tbs Marseillaise by a powerful choras. The very lively comedietta of the Lady of Monster followed, anti L^rjy Don's graceful and brilliant impersonation ef tbe heroics drew down immense applause from tbe audience. Mr, - Rogers, as the good natured old baronet, Mr. Rayner, si Charles Paragon, and thongb last by no means least, Mr. Sam. Howard ai Sam, tbe insinuating Hankey,' ware each and every one of them excellent. Miss Hart, > too, as the soubrette, deserves favourable mention. Tbe pieoe - was a decided success, and. went off with reit spirit. The historical drame, and the Lady of Munster will te repeated to-night, sod ' doubtless with eguil success. ? ST. VINCENT'S HO BETTA r, BAIX.-We understand that the preliminary arrangements hive been made for » grand ball, to ba given towardB tbs middle cf Jlily, M support of tba fonds of tbat excellent inatilution, tbs St. Vinoent'd Hospital. The ball will oe under tbe nott distinguished patronage, and judging from the energetic, measures that the committee (which ' is composed of members of all denominations), hare taken to "c.n"? succesp, is likely to prove ona of the most brilliant. events of the kind ever witnessed in Sydney. We cannot. donbtthat thia fete, which bas for ÜB objeot tba inp port of an institution whiob, although tended by tbs, excellent Sisters of Charily, is open to members of eterj,. religion and sect, will be generally.patronised. _; 