GUNDAROO. from our own correspondent. Everything lias been very dull for this long time past. Threshing lias been the order of the day ; ploughing, in a few in stances, lias been going on, but not gene- rally. However, yesterday it commenced raining, and lias done so pretty much through the night, witli every indication of a still greater . supply throughput to- . day. If it continues, ploughing can then be gone on with by everyone, and it is about time it was, as we are getting well _onin-thc- season. Some of our kind neighbours arc en deavouring to have the bridge built on a different site from that which' was sur veyed for it. However, I do not think they will succeed. Friday morning. The English ALul was signalled off Adelaide at 1.30 p.m. on Thursday, but owing to there-being a storm, accom panied by lightning, on the line, the news did not reach Y'ass until a later hour than otherwise would have been the case. Amongst the passengers on hoard are the Alessrs. Noalc, 'old Sydney colonists. Prisoners from BunnANcox-,;. — By Air. Roberts' coach that arfivc-d in Yass on Wednesday evening we learn that the lock-up at Burrangong is again full, and that au escort would be started in a day or two with sixteen prisoners, some of whom are for trial at the next Quarter Sessions. Booths for the Races. — Yesterday afternoon, a meeting of the Stewards of the forthcoming- Annual Races was held at. Air. Woodman's, "The White Swan "' inn, for the purpose of affording those who intended to have booths on the course a choice of position, by drawing. The stewards present were Alessrs. 11. Godfrey. 1 tees Jones, and J. AI. Oxh-y. The fol lowing innkeepers drew: — Air. Hart, 1; Air. Quail, 2; Airs. Curran, 3 ; Air. Colls,' 1; and Air. Woodman. 5. As the booths are arranged. Air. .Quail's -will occupy tlio centre, and the other! will be ou its light uud left side. i Quarter Sessions. — A Court of Quar ter Sessions will bo ho'idon at Y'ass, com mencing on Thursday, the 23rd iust.uit. There are already in gaol fifteen prisoners for trial, twelve hi Y'ass and three in Goiiiinini. There are also several on hail, and with the probable augmentations from out-lying districts, the calendar will very likely include Xo prisoners in all. Y'ass Annual Races. — On YVednes- d.ny, Thursday, and Friday next, the Yass races for 1861 will be run over the Dotiro course. It is just three years since the district witnessed the lust, regular animal meet, and wherefore so thoroughly a British sport should have been allowed to lapso for so lengthened a period is somewhat inexplicable. In a district so wealthy as Yass, there never could have existed any difficulty in collecting suffi cient funds together to tempt the "cracks" of the south to our course, and we. should suppose there are sufficient breeders of horse stock around us who would take an interest in two-year- old and Leger stakes. But, nevertheless, it is the case that three years have been allowed to elapse with- qut those annual races, of which every Other part of the colony (with the ex ception of Argyle) can boast. .-V corres pondent, writing to this journal on a re cent occasion, hinted that it was owing to a want of unanimity amongst the leading men of the district there had been no annual races since 1858. If such bo the cause, it must be deprecated as unworthy the character that should mark the landed gentry, who, iu England and Ireland, are foremost in stiimrtim; the turf as an in- stitution of the United Kingdom. Now that tlio ice is broken, and the district re sumes it position as encouraging that line old sport, we hope that fresh life and energy will be developed, and that, lest any inactivity should he displayed in the "fui lire by'aiiy of 'those who sliould' be the most prominent in promoting the Y'ass annual meets, we suggest that a Turf Club be formed to keen tlio matter in remem- brance, and make arrangements at the proper periods to carry out the races. The iron should be struck while it is hot, and no more opportune time for forming such a club could present itself than on tiie settling night of the forthcoming races. A small amount of energy amongst half-a-dozen true sportsmen would he sufficient to inaugurate the club, and gain lor it strength and support throughout the district. As regards the impending meet, we may fairly expect a good field of horses. We shall, no doubt, have the winners and losers from Burrowa and Burrangong, besides some that, did not, put in an appearance on either of those courses. Air. AleAlister's string will make an imposing appearance, and then there will be Air. Alcharty, with Corona tion and Troubadour, three of Air. Broughton's, not u lew from Burrowa, as well as some from closer at baud. Boxes have been bespoke at most of the inns in town, although the names of their future occupants have not, in all cases, trans pired. For the trial stakes report speaks of several promising two-year-olds, al though the field for this race will be cir cumscribed. owing to the unwise and un precedented terms under which it will bo run. Our correspondent, the " Ghost of Jorrocks," lias already alluded to the ab surdity of those terms, luit like the voice of ot'iier ghosts he lias failed t.o make any impression on the acts of the living. A meeting of the stewards is called for four o'clock' this afternoon, at the Commercial Hotel, Avlieu final arrangements will be made, and our concluding hope is that the mens may reflect honor on the turf of the eol-'iny, by being carried out in the spirit of " a dear stage and 110 favour." Tile J, ate Cask of Foal-stealing. — On Sunda y last the chief constable pro cured the services of two persons to pro ceed to tlie paddock in which the foals were running for which YY'iliiam YVales, juti., has In. en convicted of being unlaw fully possess, id of, for the purpose of im pounding tliem. As soon as thoy wore let out at the slip-panel, they severally started off in different directions, aud after tlie horsemen had tired out their steeds, they ware obliged to give up tlie chase. It is probable that some of -the animals will make their way hack to wlwro, .thoy were foaled, and a clue thus lie got to tliissysUmi of wholesale stealing. It is to be hoped that owners who thus recover their foals will couiunicaic with the chief constable of Yass. Lecture. — Y'est-vrdny evening, tlie Rev. Thomas Kcmniis delivered a lecture in connection with tire Y'ass Alec-hanics" Institute, iu the Court House. There was a largo attomlanee'of members and 'visitors present, who listened attentively to the rev. lecturer. The subject was " Cities of ancient times." The lecture was illus trated by a number of well executed, coloured diagrams, which wore necessary for the elucidation of the subject. The reverend gentleman, in passing from tlio consideration of o'nc city to the other, pointed out the ancient grandeur of each, and tlie desolation with which it had been visited in obedience to Divine prophecy. As authority for the original splendor of these monuments of art, he drew largely on the accounts of the discoveries that had been made by eastern travellers, who minutely described the relics of former greatness, and tiie aspect that the cities subsequently presented. The usual vote of thanks was passed to the rev. gentle man, amidst loud applause. In the ab sence of the President Air. S. A. Gilder, occupied the chair. Insane. — On Wednesday evening a lunatic named .John Cakes was received into tlie gaol at Y'ass, on his way to Goul- burn. He had been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, having failed to enter into sureties for his good behaviour, ft has hi-en found necessary to place him under the restraint of a straight jacket. Yesterday morning he was forwavded to his destination under the care of constable Alalone. Counteiiff.it AIoney.— A case, lias been heard at tiie Police Office, Sydney, in which a woman was charged with utter ing a LI note purporting to he a genuine hank note. It. was executed with indian ink, was on the ' Rank of Austria," and signed "Bill Nash, manager.'' She. stated that it was given to her at Bland. As tile counterfeit Was sue!- ;.s .j:i ... could be deceived by, tlie (!e'u,id..nt was discharged. New Insolvents. — YVilliam Bieliar- Tress, late oi'Kiaimra bit now of Bntliurst auctioneer. Liabilities, L2254 10 :. 5 assets — value of real property, L 1 G30 : of personal property, J- 280 : outstanding debts, .£375. Total, L2205. Drib-it, .L'-19 10s. 5d. Air. F. YV. Perry, official assignee. George Alortimorc, of Ado- long Creek, farmer. Liabilities, «£ 4 17s. ; assets — value of real property, L200; of personal property, L55 : out standing debts, L33 Is. 1 Id. Total, X'28-3 Is. lid. Deficit, LI 77 15s. Id. Air. It. H. Scmpill. official assignee. IIoli.owav's Pills. — No medicine can sur pass these pills in their pnrilYing and cura tive power, over every . rrgnn of the huffy. Stomach, liver, lanes, heart, and kidnejs soon display subjection to, its influence, l-y which all disease ol'tho=e organs is arrcst'-d, nil obstructions removed, ami every function is healthfully performed; the digestion is, hy tl'.eir influence, so improved that scarcely nay food disagrees ; acidity and flatulency ali!:.- a re checked: napsuaand hilionsncssdi-appcac, the mind becomes exhilarated, the thoughts cheerful. These wonderful pi'ls eorr-"C dyspeptic habits ; whether resulting from residence in hot climates or over in-ln'lgenc-", they secure by night sound and refreshing- sleep, which fits the body for renewed exer tion3. 