POLITICAL. Since our last Summary wa3 issued there has been a change in the Ministry— a change, bow* ever,' which had been long expected, and implies neither Ministerial difEcultvaorDolitical crisis. -Early in the present month a Gazette Extra ordinary was issued to inform the public that His Excellency had appointed the Hon. John Morphett Chief Secretary, in the place of the Hon. G-. if. tVaterhouse, who it was antici pated would retire at the end of last month. We understand that it was the desire of Mi. Waterhouse's late colleagues in office that the hon. gentleman should, after his official retire ment, accept a seat in the Cabinet. ThL-, however, he deemed it expedient to decline, inch a position being unusual in the colonies. Prom the period of Mr. Waterhouse's first ac ceptance of office, it was well known that his health would not permit of any lengthened retention of his high position during times of excitement ; and he retires with his political reputation enhanced, and amid the regrets and good wishes of all parties. Parliament has been again prorogued, and the date now nominally fixed for the reopening is the 8th proximo. Under ordinary circum stances Parliament would be again prorogued for another month or six weeks, but it i3 stated with the utmost poaitiveness that the Gorernment have really determined to call the Parliament together immediately, for no other purpose than to afford an opportunity to the Legislative Council to declare the vacancies which, under the provisions of the Constitution Act, necessarily occur in that body from and after to-day. On the 2nd of February, 1857, the writs for the first elections of members of the Upper House were issued ; and four years from that date one-third of that House ceases to be. On the 2nd inst., therefore, the Legis lative Council was, in its degree, precisely in the name position as the House of Assembly would be three years from the day on which it first met for the transaction of business, supposing it had not been dissolved before the end of that term. Is becomes extinct by effluxion of time — the only difference between the two Houses being that the one dies at once, and the other by quadrennial instalments. Nothing can more^ clearly show — we will not say the needlesanesi, but— the absurdity of the course which it is eaid the Ministry are about to pur sue now than to apply the principle on which they most act in this matter to the case of the Lower House. Supposing that House to run out its constitutional term of existence it cannot be revived, according to our sapient rulers, until it has been called together to de clare the fact of its own dissolution. The defunct body is to be reanimated to proclaim itself defunct. The ghost of the departed Assembly is to hover about its ancient habita tion in order to announce the fact that it is no more. ' In plain terms, an extinct body must be made to act after it has lost all power of action. The same principle must apply in the case of a« dissolution of the Assembly by the Qorerner. The dissolution creates that 'other incapacity' which is held to neces litate the formal notification of the vacan cies bo created, first by resolution in the Souse, and next by its President or Speaker. Fhere is nothing in the Constitution Act, or the most recent Electoral Act, authorizing the Governor to issue wri s for the election of a new House of Assembly which does not also ipply to his power of issuing writs lor the one third portion of the Legislative Council to re place that portion which becomes extinct by iperation of the general principle of the Consti tution Act. If it is lawful for the Governor of his own motion to if sue writs for the elec tion of a new Assembly, it is equally lawful for him to issue writs for ike election of six new members of the Council when one-third ef that body ceases to be by virtue of the direct operation of the Constitution Act. This ia not mere dogmatic assertion— it is the ne cessary inference from the whole tenor and ipirit of the Constitution Act, and it is for those who affirm the contrary to give reasons for their opinion by pointing out the provisions in which they rely. But not only do the obvious spirit and general principles of the Constitution and Electoral Acts militate against the views said to be entertained by the Government, the plain language and orderly arrangement of the Causes are equally opposed to them. The 26th clause of the Constitution Act— the only ilause which can create any doubt on the matter— is manifestly intended to apply to ei xptional cases only. The renovation of the Assembly after its complete dissolution, and jf the Council after its periodical partial disso lution, ia secured under the general powers im plied in the 2nd clause of that Aot. But provision had to be mado for the restoration of the full complement of the Parliament after those casual occurrences which may at any time cause vacancies in the Parliamentary ranks. And this is done in the 26th clause, which follows the clauses in which all the modes of personal incapacity for legislative service are detailed. From its position in the Act the exceptional purport of this clause is rendered evident ; even if it were not so by the phraseology employed. But the phraseology confirms this view. It is 'a vacancy' that is there provided for— not a constitutional extinction of the legislative body; and it is such a vacancy as may occur Sually in the Legislative Council or the Duae of Assembly, for the two Houses are named in combination in the clause. It is impossible for any careful student of the Con stitution Act to come to any other conclusion than that the Governor, if he have power to issue any writs at all without the instigation of the Chairman of one of the Houses, has full power to issue them when the expiry of four years partially dissolves the Legislative Council. \- The idea embodied in the Constitution Act ia this :— A certain amount of change in the legislative body must be periodically effected, and that Bhall be secured by making the term of office of bo many cease after a certain time. The head of the Executive knows when that time arrives, and upon him is devolved the duly of making provision for restoring the Parliament to its constitutional dimensions. $ut accidental changes will occur at irregular times ; and the executive government can have no knowledge of such changes unless intimated by the representative of the body in which they occur, The vacancies which come within the knowledge of the Governor as constitu tionally necessary, or created by his owh act in dissolving the Assembly, he must take certain steps to refill. But he cannot take such ateps in relation to casual vacancies until the fact of their occurrence has been communicated to them; and there fore the House and its Chairman must give him the necessary information before he acts. And this linipla and rational idea of the Constitution Act is evidently recognised and gamed out in the Electoral Act. Why else are there two distinct clauses relating to the issue of writs when one would otherwise hare sufficed ? The first of these clauses (sec tion 21 of the Electoral Act of 1857-8) gives the Governor a general power to issue writs for the election of members to serva in the legis lative Council and House of Assembly respec tively ; and obviously refers to. these times of general re-election which are required by the provisions of the Constitution Act. The next danse refers to the exceptional cases merely, and enacts that in such cases the writs shall only be issued on the receipt of the notification of the vacancy. As many of our readers may no$6e-ablfl to refer readily to the Act its elf, we quote the clause, which reads as follows : — '22. All writs directed to be caused to be issued ST the President or Speaker, for the purpose of fftfng a member to nil any seat in the Legisla tive 'Council or House of Assembly, vacant by the dPflth, resignation, acceptance of office, or other incapacity of any member, shall be issued by the Governor only upon the receipt from the Presi dent ocSpeaker or the said Legislative Councilor House of Assembly respectively of a notification of such vacancy.' We would call special attention to the con ?.traction of this -clam It ii obviouily limited in its application; for it specifies all writs of a certain kind— that is, the writs 'directed' by the Constitution Act 'to be caused to be issued by the President or Speaker. And it clearly implies that other writs than those referred to in the clause may be issued by the Governor without a notifica tion from the Chairman of either House - for if otherwise, the clause would have been made absolute by striking out the words 'directed to be caused to be issued by the President or apeaker, and enacting simply that 'all writs shall be issued only upon the receipt of a noti fication, ' &c.; Putting together the points we havo established, let us see the result we have obtained. We have seen that the Governor has power to issue writs without the direct intervention of either branch of the Legislature. We have seen that tbe dissolu tion of the Assembly and the partial dissolu-. tion of the Council stand constitutionally in the same category. We have seen that to require the intervention of the Assembly in its own renovation is absurd, because it is to require an impossibility. It follows that to demand tbe assistance of the Council at its quadrennial replenishment is equally needless, if less absurd. The indepeudent power to issue writs which it is admitted the Governor possesses must apply to these periodical occa sions, or it can have no active existence whatever. Our reasons for opposing the reassembling of Parliament at the present time are entirely based on considerations of the general con venience. There can be no doubt of the fact that everybody would be annoyed, and nobody would bo benefited by the untimely meeting of tbe Legislature 'for the dispatch of business.' Indeed, it is understood to be merely in obedience to an imperative necessity, or 'what they fancy to.be such, that the Government propose to convene the Parliament now. They are, equally with ourselves and every one else, convinced of the impropriety of a session in the dreariest part of the summer ; but, guided by tbe opinion of their legal advisers, they conceive that they have no alternative course open to them. If we can show them that this advice is erroneous, wo are sure that no one ought to be more obliged to us than the Ministers themselves. This we can do without impugning the correctness of the exposition of the Constitu tion Act understood to be given by the Law Officers of the Crown. Admitting that they are right, and that the vacancies in the Legis lative Council caused by the necessary retire ment of six members of that body under the provisions of the Constitution Act will require to be notified by the President of that House before tbe Governor can issue the writs for the new elections, why call Parliament together 7ioio in order to declare those vacancies ? It is clear, on the official hypothesis, that the vacancies cannot be declared excepting when the Parliament i3 in session. But wheu Parlia ment is not in session no inconvenience can result from the fact that half a dozen seats in the Upper House are vacant. Why not wait, then, for the natural course of events, or what the Ministry believe to be that natural course? Why not assemble Parliament for the dispatch of business when it is requisite to do so, two or three months hence ; and let the Council discover the hiatus in its ranks, and take the proper steps to fill it up? We can conceive of no valid objection to such a course. It is true that we are arguing to some extent in the dark. No reasons for the extra ordinary policy ascribed to the Government have been given, and there may be in the cognizance of the Ministerial mind some cogent argument which doc3 not occur to us. Still, we can imagine no substantial reason for reus , sembling Parliament now instead of in April next on the assumption that the writs cannot bo issued until the reduced House has called attention to its denuded condition. The only apparently feasible ground for such a course is that timeviouldbe lost at a period when business has to be done if the Upper House hod to wait for the re- election of one-third of its members. But this objection is rather apparent than real. Experience has proved that during the first month of the Beasion the business done in the Upper House is very little indeed. We do not say that it should be so; but the history of four sessions, under Eeveral successive Ministries, has skown that it 13 ;so. Supposing that after meeting and de claring the six vacancies the Council were to adjourn for a month, that body would do very nearly as much as it did during the first month of the last session. It will be recol lected that after the formal opening of the Parliament on the 27th of April last, and the usual proceedings consequent on the opening on the 1st *iay, the Legislative Council met four times, and no mere, from that date until the 12th June. And with the exception of the introduction of the Bankers' Cheques Bill no business of the slightest con sequence was transacted during the whole of that period. Here was a clear six weeks during which it was not of tbe slightest consequence whether the Council consisted of eighteen members or half j* dozen, who, with the Pre sident, would have formed a quorum. We think that this fact, and the general fact which it illustrates, viz., that the really valuable action of the Council ia not brought into operation until a somewhat advanced period of the session, are sufficient to sustain us iu asserting that it is needles to convene Parliament at an extraordinary season simply in order to declare vacancies in the Legislative Council. All this is on tbe assumption that the ex position of constitutional law ascribed to the present Law Officers of the Crown is correct. We must now, however, withdraw that assump tion, and repeat our protest against the ex position itself. There is a very serious and highly important view of the question which we have jet to urge upon the Ministry, before they commit themselves by advising the issue of the proclamation which will convene Parlia ment for the purpose assigned. Grave con stitutional dangers are involved in the principle which they will set up by such a course aa that which they are said to contemplate. The principle is this— that a Parliament which has been partially destroyed by a constitutional necessity is competent to discharge the func tions of a complete Parliament. The object of that constitutional necessity having been to secure a renewed exercise of the electoral right, the Government imply that the mutilated body is able to act prior to the exercise of that right, and call upon it so to act. A distinct apprehension of the principle involved in the opinion on which the Government are understood to be acting is sufficient to establish a conviction of the erroneousness of the opinion. It is obviously subversive of the Constitution and destructive of the popular right. There can be no Parlia ment when, by the operation of the Constitu tion Act, it has been partially dissolved, either by the creation of thirty-Bix vacancies in one Home or six vacancies in the other ; and the Government cannot convene that which does not exist. We have said that grave constitutional dangers may accrue from the course which the Government are understood to contemplate.' It is scarcely necessary to mention' them, as they are of the kind usually attendant on the exercise of unauthorized power. It is obvious that a House of twelve members, arbitrarily selected from the original eighteen, may form a body totally different in its aggregate cha racter from that which the constituency elected. Such a body, if empowered to act in its muti lated form, may reject measures which the whole would have carried, or carry measures which the whole would have rejected. The majority of the twelve may accord in senti ment with the majority of the other House on important questions, on which the majority of the eighteen would have dissented ; or they ' may disagree where the larger number would, have agreed. In all such cases the rights ef the electors by whom the Upper House is chosen, are sacri ficed. But all this, as we have TnTImated, is sufficiently obvious. We would only, in addition, ask the Government to consider ijwould ** ^ lotion -n which they would bo placed supposing that the twelve members of the Upper House were to refuse to pass a resolution declaring the existence of sn vacancies? That they have the power so to refusals unquestionable, on the Ministerial hypothesis that their declaration is necessary as a prehminary step to the issue of the wrS But such a possibdity is itself a moat emphatic proof that the office reading of the law re qu4res to be revised. The foregoing considerations derive addi tional importance from a fact which has oc purred since they were first published in our columns. The sudden return of His Excellency to town, under circumstances of great personal inconvenience, and long before the period originally designed, lends colour to the rumour that the Ministry are deter mined to press the views on this subject generally ascribed to them. Something further must be said, then, because the question is not one of merely theoretical character. It involves great personal inconvenience and ex pense to the gentlemen who represent the country in Parliament ; and what is of infi nitely more importance, it creates grave consti tutional dangers. Under these circumstances, it behoves every one who sees that the Ministry are adopting or recommending a wrong course tt ipMk oat boldly rod without hesitation. ? ? . ^ ~~~ - - i ? It . is difficult to see what business th Ministry have to, take the initiative in this matter, judging it by strict constitutional rule; and almost as difficult to perceive what motive impels them to the course supposed to be taken. The i83uo of the writs is a matter oi official duty, to be performed by the Governor in that capacity, as representing the first estate of the realm. It is not a matter of Ministerial policy, and ought not to be governed bv any party considerations. If His Excellency has any doubts as to the proper course to^ be pursued, arising out of ambi guity in the law, or any similar cause, it is his business to consult his recognised legal advisers. If he has no doubts on the subject it is something very like an impertinence to tender advice to him unasked. If the Go vernor, in his independent capacity as the head of the Executive, exceeds his constitutional powers, or exercises them injudiciously, his Cabinet can remonstrate with him, or protest against hia action, or if circumstances justify so extreme a step they can refuse to aid him any further in the government of the country. But we apprehend they are overstepping their functions when they dictate to him how and when he is to discharge duties -which the Con stitution entrusts specifically to him. It must be presumed that some wise purpose is designed by the constitutional provision ; and if bo, some mischief must accrue from disregarding it. With respect to the other point— the motive which impels the Ministry to a course which is of such doubtful propriety— we can only repeat that it is hard to discover the existence of any sufficient motive. A3 we have previously shown, it cannot be a deep regard for the public interests ; * because, if they are correct in the views ascribed to them, it would serve every public purpose equally well to leave the declaration of the vacancies until the time when the Parliament would assemble in due course for the dispatch of business. And the popular rumour, that the real.object to be served is to afford time for recruiting the Ministerial ranks in the Assembly prior to meeting Parliament for real work, must of couree be discredited. It is impossible that a Ministry so pure and patriotic could* suffer themselves to be biassed by party and much less by personal considerations. What Jver -may be the cause of their extraordinary iecision, if indeed they have formed any, it :annot be that they are afraid of meeting Par liament without the support of the members for Burra and Clare. It is, of course, impossible to know what views His Excellency holds on this subject. Assuming, however, that he sees that the Con stitution Act gives him the power to issue the necessary writs for the election of the six members of the Council, he will, we presume, issue them without unnecessary delay. Ifc is sufficient warrant for this presumption to know that the Constitution empowers the Governor to perform this act, for the posses sion of the power implies the obligation to exercise it. If the Governor is convinced that it is his duty to issue the writs, he will not risk any violation of constitutional order by neglecting to take the steps which are in cumbent upon him. But in order to look at the matter from all sides, let us assume that His Excellency has doubts on the subject, and consults the law officers of the Crown in the hope of having those doubts resolved. There can be no doubt aa to the answer he would receive. The gentlemen who now fill that honourable and responsible position have already placed on record the principles by which they are guided in construing Acts of Parliament, iu the following memorable words : — 'In determining the true'eonstruction of this clause we are guided by the authority of eminent men- who have written respecting the exposition of statutes. 'It is not the words of the law,' says Plowden, ' but the internal sense of it that makes the law— the letter of the law is the body ; the sense and reason of the layr is the soul.' (Eyston v. Studd; Plowden, page 4U5.) Again, 'Every statute ought to be expounded, not according to the letter, but according to the meaning, qui lutret in htera, hceret in corticcS (11 vol. Reports, page 73.) bir Fortunatus Dwarris, in his work upon statutes (vol.2, page 557), remarks, 'The real in tention, too, when collected with certainty, will always, m statutes, prevail over the literal sense of terms; and he cites, amongst several examples illustrative of this canon of construction, the in terpretation put by the Judges upon the statute 18, .Edward L, when the words, 'Every man shall hold of the law paramount secundum quantitattm terre, were construed to mean according to the mine, for so was the intent.' (Plowden's Com mentaries, 1057 b.).' These are true and sound principles. It will be extremely unfortunate for the gentle men who misapplied them when the letter of the law was precise, and pointed to a meaning not inconsistent with the 'real intention' of the Constitution Act, should they now fail to apply them ia a case in which the real inten tion is clear and may be ' collected with cer tainty,' and where the only ground for doubt rests upon a verbal quibble. But this is im possible. There are limits to the most eccen tric propensities ; and the absurdity of appeal ing to the spirit when the letter is decisive, and to the letter when it is ambiguous and the Bpirit is unmistakable, 13 too grosB even for the Attorney-General. Should His Excel lency deem it necessary to seek an ' Opinion' on the question now raised, he must receive one based on the maxims of the learned Dwarris and the ' antient Plowden.' Perhaps tbe general principle and mode of operation of the two Acts bearing on this subject— the Constitution Act and the Elec toral Act—are pretty well understood already. It may still be well, however, to place the cose in its leading features briefly before our readers. Our Parliament consists of two Houses, one of which dies out constitutionally at. the expira tion of three years from its election, and the other of which dies out in instalments during the lapse of twelve years from its first creation. The second clause of the Constitution Act and the 21st clause of the Electoral Act give the Governor power to convene the Parlia ment by issuing writs for the election of members for both Houses. It is therefore emphatically made his duty to maintain the Parliament in the proportions required by the Constitution, and to do this he must issue writs whenever he knows that the inevitable operation of constitutional enact ments destroys either House, in whole or in part. Yacancies which occur irregularly and by accident he can have no means of knowing, excepting that provided by the Constitution— viz., a declaration of the fact by the Chairman of the Heuse in which the vacancy occurs. The purpose of the exceptional provisions of the two Acts which govern His Excellency's action in this matter is simply to inform him of occurrences which he cannot otherwise ascertain in accordance with constitutional usage. But they do not affect his special function — that of maintaining tho constitutional complement of the Parlia ment. That is a duty which he owes to the country, not to the Parliament. It is clearly entrusted to him for the express purpose of avoiding the tcmptationjWhich would be held out to legislators to increase, their individual power by lessening their aggregate number were the matter left in the hands of the two Houses. But the constitutional safeguard would be destroyed by making a rule of the exception ; which is precisely the error that we have now endeavoured to combat. 