A JOVIAL BISHOP. (From the Temple TSar Magazine.) JJoctrma lacit clillicultatcm. Polemics, ceteris paribus, when indulged in to too great an extent, nre apt to sour one's temper, cuub. ing a sour poison of ill-nut uro to exude from lioncst ana mntily Human Hearts ; and tor this, among other reasons, a genuino man of flesh and blood is least himself when wrangling over tho musty membra of a mangled logic, and most himself when ho sits down to dine his friends and chirrup over his cups, — bo tlicy filled with' Burgundy or Bohea,— or when lie muses in his sanctum sanctorum about the " stuff of which our life is made." Yes ; bore doctrine is,' in more senses than one, the parent ol| difficulty ; and it must dwindlo down to insignificance when compared with thoso homo, amenities which visit us in our easy-chairs sending echoes to tho seat where love .is throned. Tho author writes . his healthiest words when surrounded by the soft associations of tlio fireside; ho makes his thoughts 'flow silkonly to tho purring of the cat, and mea sures his syllables by tho music of the hissing urn. It is hero that the divine, above all mem changes his outward aspect, and Blouglis tho skin of the over-wise serpent for a comfortable dressing-gown. He is not seldom least skilful with thoso weapons which tho old controver sialists fought with so valiantly and bloodily, and which, it is erroneously bolieved and asserted by many, nre his own legitimate weapons. He docs much good .unprofcssionally -T- exchanging his hard steel stiletto for tho liberal and generous gray goose-quill, while his fair lady is busy hard by with tho tea kettle, and the toasting-lbrk. In tho arena of controversy lie is expected to exert himself so valiantly that lie is apt to loso courage, to stammer, to " Bpin tho thread of his verbosity finer than the Btaple of his argument." Ho is bo thoroughly Christian tlmt- he dislikes to quurrel ; his social life is often less narrow than his stricter orthodoxy. So it very frequently happens that wo find tho best-natured clerical gentlemen transformed into furies by professional fisticuffs, narrowed down to tlio limits of the village-pump by parochial prejudices. But separate them from thoir polemics ur.d their parishes, moot them in the fresh bracing nir of general literature, and you will not rceogniso them as tho snmo individuals. There is an unfottored author ship, as in tho cosy domestic parlour nnd the social gathering, a cortnin tolismnnio free masonry, which unbuttons tlio- stillest eccle siastical cussoek; and reveals to us tho warm huinun 'heart throbbing underneath.: The mystical sign of brotherhood once- exchanged, sectarianism is banished, and eaoh unites with his neighbour to make society tho sweeter welcome. ..Tlio hard blinding dust of life is transformed into grains of golden diction; Bisotrv nlnvn "Tfinhn rttl t.lin Itnanm nf Dahmm. lcnce; aud Dogmatism, stooping down to sip ot Aganippe, touches, the warm blushing cheek of a Pantheistic Arenus ! Old .imities tumble voluntrily overboard, liko swino missed after a storm. Jealousy maunders nfar, on tho hunt for a bishopric. All are united under ono heaven, sanctified in 0110 blessed' humanity ; nnd there ore smiles of lovo to " put nil face- physic out of countenance." In this freo spirit, clergymen, of .nil denominations havo united to do good work for literature. " I big to remind honourable members," quoth a protesting British senator, "that wo nil owe much t-o tbo Joffs." X beg to remind the honourable public that we can never repay the debt we orvo to these members of tho literary clergy who havo jotted down stray secular notes for general circulation, while moralising about Immunity in their rural homes, and musing " liko l'ityrus and Meli- boous under the broad beech-tree." Thoy have given to our literature much of its bonhomie, its wholosomo sentiment ond muscular vigour j and they Imvo at tho same timo mado their secular pages the vehiclo of thoughts holy and ultimately Christian. Quoth parson Herbert, 0no;f their number, a wiso man and a pious : " A vorso may catch a wandering soul thnt flies 1 rofounder tracts, nnd, by. n blest surprise, Convert delight luio a sacrifice;" and, for this reason, many of tho clergy, when- dcsirous of preaching God, havo invited tho congregation, not to a mausoleum or a church, but to the mid restiug-plaeo 011 an English Hohcon. 1 hence they can sow honey-seed of doctrine m soil where tlio beautiful words of the pulpit would be neglected and spring to wormwood. At tlio samo timo, wo must not underynluo the good dono to nations by tlioir tougher theology— a good which Bprings from polemics slowly but surely, like Bhaky old Aison renewed 111 the boiling-pot of Medea. Rut, to a very largo body 0r tlio public, their uiristiamty appears most vividly when sepa rated from controversy and pnrocliiulism. Tho insular spirit which characterises so many of them in England, and which is apt to render their professional duties exclusive and llieir pamphlets pugnacious, salts their books with an egotism, and spices them with a pungency, which are peculiarly wholesome ; and the'ir coiitnbulions to general literature are- conse quently unique and individual. Take the sing-song of Robert Herrick, — tho parson of whom I discoursed to tho 'renders of Temple Bar in Januury last. T'nko much-abused Swift, or mueh- misuuderstood Sterne. I could continuo this catalogue for pages, nnd rely for names solely 011 my desultory readiu". But to come nearer to our own time, fake tho- Essays of A. K. H. B., who has lately pub lished two volumes in .many respects so admir able. One of the most loveabla divines I over read of was Richard Corbet, who attacked Puri tanism so good-humouredly, when men woro cropped polls, nnd who is entitled to much respect for his. literary productions alone. How many of my fair and gontlc renders havo henrd of this old prelate, and how mnny of thom havo read his bookB? Ycry few, I am suro, if any, even of thoso who iiaunt. tho reading- room of tlio British Museum ; whence, nnd from other quarters, I linto gathered notes for a gossip about him and somo of his compa nions. He is better company for n leisure hour than Mr. Tupper tho Proverbial Philosopher, if lie is worse company for a studious hour than Robert Browning, tho kernel of whoso dry diction you find so sweet and savoury after you lrnvo spent hours in getting "at it. Corbet was very orthodox, very English, very humo rous, and idiosyncratic ; ho wrote vorses full of trenchant satire and homely vigour. Ho wns no Blougram, though J10 possessod all Blougram's solf-complacenec and belief in tho Mother Church ; though, when men wero cutting each other's throats for tho good of England, Gigadibs and I10 often passed tho bottlo together. I should bore you, fair and gentle reodor, by entering into an clabornto narrntivo of tho the jovial poet's life. The biography of a divino prominently engaged in public events cannot well be condensed into a moderately short memoir ; nnd for this, among other reasons, nllhough I havo nt my elbow mattor enough to fill a largo porl ion of this Magazine, I will content myself with noting only the prominent nnd more succinct incidents. Corbet wns born in 1582, nt tho littlo village of E well, in Surrey. His parents were homely quiet people, well-born, and well-to-do in tho world. Readers of Ren Jonson's Underwoods — that " box where sweet compacted lie," thnt casket of fine thoughts and fancies which should- be opened oftcner — will remember a beautiful nnd touching epitaph on a certain Master Vincent Corbet; who is described, in more subdued and feeling tunes than were wont to issuo from the mouth of tho burly laurentc, as " A life that knew nor care nor strife, But was by sweel'niag so bis will. All order and disposurc still." This good Vincent Corbet wob tho father of our bishop ; nnd he appears, if tradition is to bo credited, to havo been on good terms with tho jovial . crow who had met at the " Mermaid," tho " Devil," tho " Threo Tuns," and tho "Apollo." By this timo ho had settled down quietly into a good- nntured quiet gentleman, rich enough at his death to leave his son an inherhnnce of freehold lands and tenements, lying in St. Augustine's parish, Watling Btreet, London, beside's fivo hundred pounds in money (a good sum in those days), which was. to be paid to tho heir when ho had attained his twenty-fifth year. In common with most of tho middlo-cluss children near enough fo London to reap tho advantage, young Richard received tho rudiments of education at Westminster School. Ho was, in 1599, admitted as n student of Christ's Church College, Oxford. In 1605, six years after his matriculation, I10 received his degree nB Master of Arts, and immediately afterwards becamo known as 11 wit who wroto excellent satirical versus. An anccdoto, related among othor "Mery Passages and Jestes" which have boon banded down to posterity in manuscript, relates to this pbriod. " Ben Jonson was at a tavern, andnn comes Bishop Corbet, but not so then, into the next room. Ben Jonson calls for a quart of raw wine, and gives it to tho tapster. 'Sirrah,' Bays be, 'carry this to the gentleman in tile next chamber, and ; tell him I sacrifice my Bcrvice . to him.' Tho fellow did so, and in thoso terms. 'Fiiend,' Bays Bishop Corbet, 'I thank liirn for liia lovn ; but prithee tell him that sacrifices are always burnt.' " It is just possiblo that the reader, like myself, will fail to perceive much ingenuity in this joke; but in those dnyB worso men than Corbet set up shop with very similar ware, and throve exceedingly. ; It is seldom tho joke that sets tho table in a roar bo much as tho joker. If you havo ever been at a dinner-parly, you will pardon mo for retailing this ghastly auocdotc ; for you havo learnt thnt tho receipt for a good successful pun contains other ingredionts bo-ides l-.ngungo. When tho heart is warmed up with merry company, good discourse, and a spieo of . what Dick 8wiveller calls tho "bnlmv," then is tho time for Touchstone to stop in with his cup and bells and "set tho tablo n-jingling." I wonder whether, the old luureato nnd tho young master of arts fratemisod on that occasion. I fear not; for tlio lormer was, in tho Bero and yellow leaf, still .too proud to laugh at his own expense. Ho was shortly to find a tough, quarrelsome opponent in young Georgo Wither, whom tho burghers and pudding-wives were beginning to pntroniso. He still oxpccted, now testily," that all and sundry should gapo with admiration, when lie donned his "coachman's coat" and waddled down to tho tnverns from his house in Alderegate street. In 1605, Corbet wns ordered to pronounce a funeral oration over tho lamented Henry, Prince of Wales, and' he appears to have ncquitted himself excellently. " Ho speeched it, sayB honest Anthony AVood, "vcryorato- rically, in St. Marie's Church, before n' numerous auditory." Later in the samo year, I10 performed a similar service over, Thomas Bodloy, thofoundor of' tho library which still bears his name,— the Bodleian. Soon after this he plunged into polemics, whither I shall not follow him. Enough to say thnt he curried favour with Laud," then rising into power, nnd oxoroiscd a considerable amount of salutary discipline on the heterodox. He became Dean of Christ Church, Vicar of Onrrington, and " Prebendary of Bedminstcr Secunda in tho Church of Snrum." Old Wood takes occasion to note that he was "a quaint preacher) and therefore inuch followed by in genious men';" a foot which might readily be gathered from some of bis extant orations. In 1618 lie made a trip to France, whence he wrote "an epistle to Sir Thomas Aylesbury ;" lie was disappointed with tho country, the king, the court, even with Paris the manifi- ccnSand returned more good, humoured" and English than ever. He describes his journey in a copy of verses, humorous, but of small poetical value. The death of Master Alncent, his father, which took placo in 1619, filled him with much grief; and he mourned tho bereavement in a peculiarly tender poem. Two years afterwards, I10 preached beforo lung James, on tho occasion of his Mojesty's second viBit to Oxford. It appears that, some time .previously, -tlio king -had presented him with a ring, a mark of good favour and 08toem ; and tliis ring (if an anonymous wag of the time speaks truly) was tlio consequence of much confusion and self-congratulation. Mr. Anonymous, describing tho Dean's sermon, uses tho following language : " The revirent Dean, ' With his band starched clean. Diu preach before the King ; f. A ring wns his prido To his bandstriugs tied, Was not this a pretty ihing? The ring wfibsut doubt Was the thing put hitn out, And mado him foiget whnt was next , For every one tborc Will aay, I (jare swear, He handled it more thin the text!" There were wild wags in Oxford in those days, as there are now j'tl.ey peltbd each other with quip, quiddity, satire, and badinage,— some of which took tho form: of bontons, some the forin of Bnow balls with cruel stones in the core. There was both bad feeling ond good feeling, but the latter predominated. The gravo doctors and undergraduates tasted modcrq'oly of that "good liquor our fore- fathers did use to drink of, tho drink which FonTrV„nd1C'r 1,ealtl1 and mada livo eo nhna 11 30 ,.manT 8d deeds." They and complimented each other in Bonn and epigram, Latin or English blunt o? cuphuiatie. Dainty passages of wit passed to wel Vented Lqw"ni8leSJ- 1Me did no harm nnd relieved'0 tl.f author ofa nn intellectual revel; arcuii B in f L 11 7 hall, or plaguing tlm 2' )u all Inn 1 'i ' on'ered into flio spo?t w 'dd n f",! ,ln?l'nnt,nS it8 drollery ; his dehDhts did bIiow most dolphin-like." On on occasion, after ho was . rTT ' Divinity, he and some companions f at a tavern near tho Cross of Abingdon"/ ' " cross, says Aubrey who tells thato""011 then tho finest 111 England . ' , admirable curious gotliic ai- cbitccii, " ltwa< figures in the niches "), when a venfl ' n? fin " lads, hoarse with bawling, accosted them I "eomplayned that ho had no cuS ?d could not put off his bafinds" t market-day, and thero was a great ,Wai I the street. " The jolly DoofS,, » gown and puts on tho ballad-singer's leaM h" : racket, mid, being a handsome man and a r ! full voice, he presently vended a great ,n 0 S and had a great audience." A strand this, for a venerable D.D. ; but let u 1 too sovere. Sot down this ballad,,;! j1"' be sympathy with tlio ill-luck of him in8,,0 leathern jacket. The Doctor found !U game on other occasions ; for there wns !' of words going on between Oxford ami n r bridge. Cambridge wns snubbing 1 c d slighting the belles lettres, nnd putlin„ ' antiquated sable. Sho had paid small l!, 011 to tho " mountain belly andPthe C of her great son, tho Apollo of tlio " T, maid ' tav.ern,-so, at least, said the n,cn "l tho sister university. So tho Oxford men V ' terminod to use Ben as a means of flagellatln ' ' the Cambridge men. Corbet was one of tl „ g t who invited Jonson to como over to n,f? and I trust that the burly Laureate and (t ' jolly Doctor nto of a wine-sop together Thero are some individuals severe en'ouej, i censure nng ily tlio pranks of our Bis?,! H ' but those who, like myself, can say with RPi « caccio, that they "live in an honest wav.a ' 1 can toll that twelve ponco make a sliil i„ u will judge more lenionlly. I hope i f'M reader, that neither you nor I approve' of C « tishness and instability; yet we liko to l,.„ (M that abominable libel on tho monks o/l J9 and Still's glorious ale-song from " ft,. -J ' i| Gurton s Needle." Tho fact is, wo know iw 9 there is a medium between stiff morolitv »„,i 9 looso habits; and wo know also that H our code of morals is not the same „ that followed two hundred and lift! « years ago. There is a wild gipsy clem 1. 9 tn our English blood which the countin"-,ou,, ffl can never eradicate. AFo admire merry" llrinr II practical joking, and thorough lovhig !1 hating 5 wo like pluck, a. wo call it, in i£ 1 erratic form. Shall I provoke the sever! 1A 3rW/ T Y7 narriltin6 another anec- dote? Beforo I do so, I will refer them 9 to my first paragraph, and hint thnt Corbet sought these freaks as a relief from bitter I polemical animosities. Ho novet disgraced the I pulpit ; he spake alivoys well and wisclv, and I did much good ; and ono who know him savs I that when preaching, ho showed a " most I grave and reverend aspect," Now for the I anecdote, which I shall tell in tho words of I Aubrey His (Corbet's) chaplain, Dr. I Lushmgton, was a very learned and ingenious I man, and they loved ono another. The bishoD I would sometimes take tho key of tho wino cellar, and lie and his chaplain would go and n look themselves in, and bo merry ; then first he ( layes down his episcopal hood, ' There lavej (1 the doctor ;' then he puts off his gown, ' Th'ero U layes tho bishop ;' then 'twas, ' Here's to tliee, M Corbel,' and ' Hero's to thee, Lushington.1 " M AVo must hopo that theso visits to tho fl wino cellar wero exceptional ; aud we must ot all events, l-omombor that men, both 9 lay and clerical, drank larger quantities of 9 sack in thoso days than it is respectable for 9 any modern Falstoff to carry. The doctor may have drunk neither deep nor often ; and his jl deeper nature was all tlio clearer for the eccen- jl tricity wantoning from it, to comfort the eyes | of cheerful friends. H .. ,., . "The open merry man I Moves like 0 sprightly river, and yot can Keep soorot in his channels what ho breeds 'Bove.all your standing waters, choked with weeds." So says Ben, who know thoroughly whnt ho I was talking about, when ho drew on his own | experience of the jovial days ho lind spent with | Qucon s Bess 0 wits, nnd wished to prove that I hts merry hours amoDg them were not all I pinchbeck and tinsel. Corbet wantoned with tho wild fellowsof I Oxford, before nnd nfrer ho hnd fallen in love I with Mistress Alice, daughter of his fellow I collegian, Dr. Leonard Hutton. He mnrried | this young ladj iu 1G25, and by her 9 lmd two children, a eon and a daughter, (lio jl first of whom died nt a very early age. jl vourcd by Loud ond abused by the heterodox, fl ho continued his jests and inerry«makin£s«,but 41 he novcr lost tho good opinion of worthy men, l| who united in speaking well of hiin. "One I tiirio as ho was confirming, the country peoplo I pressing in to see the ceremonie, 6nid lie, 13earo I off there, or I'll confirmo yo with my staiTel1 I Another time, being to lay his hand on the I head of n man Tery bald, he turned to his | olmpluin, Dr. Lushington, and said, 'Somo | dusty Lushington,' to keop his hand from I slipping. Thoro was a mau with a great vene- I rable beard ; said the Bishop, 'You behind tho bcarde.' " Ho was elected Bishop of I Oxford on tho 30th July, 1629, and was con- I secratcd at Lambeth in the November follow- I ing. ' In 1C32, however, ho was removed to tho I busier see c>f Norwich, where ho was engaged I for somo time in settling religious disputes. I Ho was. interested about this timo in a move- I . me'nt which is historical ; and a brief allusion I to his connection with it will intorest every I Londoner who has- walked, up Ludgate I Hill to hear tho ritual of a Sunday. I Special ; subscription was opened up by H the clergy for tho purpose ot re- I building "St, Paul's Cathedral, which had H remained in ruins since its second destruction H by fire, early in I ho reign of Elizabeth. Laud M subscribed ono -hundred pounds, to bo renewed H annually, and Corbet four hundred ; and, H headed by these wolNknown names, the sub- H seription list soon reached a very large total. I Corbet preached a sermon on the subject, and H took occasion to say many sly tilings to the H congregation. This sermon, which is pre I served, contaius quaint sayings. Eor instance, I alluding of course, to tho cathedral, the bishop I said : M St. Paul complains of etoning tvricci I his , church of firing. Stoning Blie wanli, H indeed, and a good stoning would repair her." H There is, another droll passage, which will serre H as a thorn for tho cushions of somo church- H goers u I am verily persuaded, that were | it not for tho pulpit and the pews (I do not H now mean tho altar and tho font for the H two sacraments, but for- the pulpit nnd the | pews Q9 you .call them), many churches H had been down that Btand.- - Stately pews are | now become tabernacles, with rings and cur- | tains to them. There wants nothing but bcdi H to hear the Word of God on; we have case | menfc, locks, and .keys, and, cushions ; I bed | almost said, bolsters and pillows ; and for these | wo love t.10 church. I will not guess wliutis | done within them : who sits, stands, or Hw H asleep at prayers, communion, etc. ; but this I H dare say— thoy are cither to hide somo vice, or 9 .to proclaim .one," This wsb pithy and witty | enough to rebuke, without ofibncling, tho reli | 'gious indolenco of Dives; and it is a fair | men of tho sort of humour for which Corbet 9 was famous .''as a preacher. Out of the pulpit 9 lie amused his friends by observations fully M | mirth-provoking. Ho was extremely pleasant 9 in conversation— an apt humorist. Aubrey H tells a first-rate story, which furnishes some H idea of his -powers of " word-twisting" on H repartee. " Dr..Stubbins was one of his cronicJJ H he was ajolly fatdoctor and a good housekeeper. As Dr. Corbet and ho wero riding in Hob H lane in wet weather ('tis an extraordinary dccpo dirty lane), tlio coach fell, ond Corbet H said, that Dr. S. was up to his elbows in niudj andi that lie was up to tho elbows in Stubbing - H Poor Stubbius ! "ho could not have felt particu 9 lary com for tablo at that moment.' For Corbet H was a toll man, big of brawn and bone, and no 9 lightweight, to fall soft as a foither. Tho good bishop died on the 28th of July, lw&' Por-8omo timo previous to. his decease h® sufforcd from an internal disease, which caused H him aeute agony. H Fuller rightly expresses Corbet's disposition 9 when lie describes him 03 having been " of courteous carriage, and- 110 deslructivo notnw H to any who ofiendod him, counting »np5e„ plentifully repaid with a jest upon hi m- H lie was such - a happy, even-minded, an H merry man, that even liia opponents could n K bate him as heartily as flicy wished to do. H was npt to. give offcuco, for he could .not K the life of him. refrain from having Jus J B out 5 but his heart was honey, and there w B no. gall on' liis tongue Ho delighted to B tack Puritans nnd Puritanism ; but ho H attacked them go'od-naturedly, even m w Ml ttracted Paritane," whore lie makos ono refrain8"1® '0UE'j isurd ballad with I"oao'ie" 'lato across, hate a surplice, and rocliols, HI A«s mi" me.Ptay, nine timea a day, "" J«r hoads with erotcheie." tamo seldom to him, for lio gave hep i t'a®nlont ; lie himself bade stand bo of good cheer, because, Ki,'! J.0 bitow can descend bo deep as Kilttnn i Was not -'l 600(1 humour of a iW08 a W1S0 man 'bo world j Hirinli monr "oriTed from motlier-. nntr'lro' w'"' rason. " Wlmtso'er tW«.WnSa.roso-" He- was honoured L-I knew him best. The t'0wn in homago to liim,, and deserln a.Sood gn'mont to put »!' Tcd an boncat life, and a KsStoblot0lr aUn whioh» dyiBg' Ppnms woro published until m probably thought too BEneliiii n."u-' to 'Jr'nS her blushing before Patent , -.i ' ,or> Primps, be deemed it N tS . .'he. diSnity f " bishop, mob ' ? hceomo known to tlie HW writar ofvorBcs. Bo that as Jle'fl litthl kt"C>, Srasp nt the laurel. Ho Stresses Kn(t""n. lll,u ' hut what ho lias n\L -i, ' 'he sweetness and tiio drol- NI noem T- ,1% '3 iongest and moBt » ofSTrin' ',,s ' Ihnt Boreale," a descrip- xh of to Newark. "Xhree Dftnfrr"?0c0r8» t, and two that S>'f, and aft.11 s.ot ou' hom their uni- 'each T,„:„ Tari0'y of amusing adven- Wne frost otn ' whero they are fleeced ? to fJi mn' M 'ho author takes 4 tho toraMn.. UB" A' Leicester they 3"" 'hair ;n,il®raTa f Wolsey, which Seises them SRa'iou as cliurchmen mpMt csrdinBt ®?ra'h as philosophers. >ker, 'almiglit have lmd, say. tho " A palace orn collodjje, for his grave ! Yc: here lie lies interred, ns it ail Of him to be remembered wcro his fall. If thou art thus neglected, what sliull wo : Hope after death, who are but sbreds of thee ?" At Nottingham, tliey cross tiio Trent, pray to St. Andrew as tliey ride into tho town, nnd observe (lint tho people, singularly enough, " dwell not in iioivses, but nre curth'tin holes." At "Warwick, tliey encountor Sir Fulk Grevilio (not yet Lord Brooke) nud tho Rev. Snmuel Burton, archdeacon of Obiehestor. And .so ontvard, twisting and turning, to Newark, approached through plonsaut green fields, wiicro "nature was wanton." There are many humourous, nnd not u few really fine, passages in this poem. Corbet is Bcvora oil tho innkcoping fraternity genorally, but es pecially on tho hostesses j tin ugly hostess, ho f'uiicics, is bad enough ; but a handsome one still worse, bccauso she steals botii your heart and your purse, and " every weloomo from her adds an ilotn." There is an interesting de scription of a visit toBosworlli field, — interest ing because, through it,.. wo learn the name O' tho actor who originally played Richard III., and ascertain almost beyond doubt, that this actor " starred" tho character about tho pro vinces. Tito traveller i i describing mino host, a man "full of alb aiid history," who has jogged out lo tlie battle-field with his guests : — " — lie could te',1 The inoh whero Richmond rose, wiicro liiehard ' foil, Besides whet of hiB know'edgo he could say, Ho had authentic notico from the play; Which I might guesa by 's mustering up tho . ghosts And policies not incident to hosts ; But chiofly by that ono perspicuous thing, When lio mistook a |>l in or fur a king ; For when lie would have saile, King Riohard 'died. . . '. „ .' And called, A bcrsei a lio Burbago cried." Burba go, it will bo remembered, was a fellow- uctor of Slinkspero. Tiio ." Iter Boreale" eriuces somo poutry and immenso bumour ; it is, liko tiio journey it describes, random, idle, and full of tlie pleasure of tho moment. It is really pleasant to think of thoso- four hard worked Doctors, leaving tho gray quadrangle, mirthfully trudging on foot along quiet coun try roads, accepting adventures ns they turned up witli a zest, and moralising on ground hallowed by tho immortalising hands of Poetry, and History, " accompanied," like Overbury's sweet " Milkmaid," " with old songs, boncat thoughts, nnd prayers, but short ones." At tliis rougli season when I write, and when melancholy, born of rain or fog, settles in tbo; spleen, it makes mo long for tho summer again ; that you and I, gcntlo reader, may lenro the eity behind us, put into our pocket a copy of Thomson's "Seasons,", and wander ns wo list among green lanes, over stiles, up green hills, nnd into honest ale-houses. I do not mention tho " Seasons" unadvisedly ; and tho -reader" who has not taken tho trouble to see beauty in that book will thank mo' in due time, if ho takes tho hint nnd reads " Summer" witli a real English summer landscape before him. Tlint is tho only way to understand Thompson, Adopt my method : in any of tho four seasons compare tlie printed description with tho true picture, and you will go to tho other extreme, nnd idolise. I shall not regret tliis digression, if it converts ono lover of nature to tho Thorn- soman faith, of which I myself am an earnest disciple. Tlioro is a good deal of good writing to bo found among Corbet's miscellaneous poems. Perhaps tlie best is tho "Proper Now Ballnd. intituled tho Faoryos Earewoll," in wliioh tho | departure of the good neighbours .is bewailed ; in a fitting Btrain of poetry: — " Farewell rewards and Faeries, Good lioas'cwifes now may say, For bow foul sluts in dailies Do fare as well as they. And though they sweep their hearths no less Than maides w«rc wont to do, Yet who of Into for cleanliness Found sixpence in her shoe. » » . » " It wai a just and Cbristisn deed To pint It such black and blue — Ob ! bow tho Commonwealth doth nccde Such justices as you !" - .. Ponco to thy manes, Corbet ; and may no worse man ever write Oxford or Norwich after his Christian name ! You had tho ,truo Christian heart, albeit you wcro no Mawworm; and yon wrote excellent verses. You tasted once or twice of tho wino of our fathers, in that sly cellar of yours ; but I demand for ' you a more fitting epitaph than that you yourself wrote on John Dawson, butler of Christ Church: — "A watery verso ; 'Will serve tho turn to oast upon liis.licarse. If any cannot wecpe among us hoare, . 'J uko oil a cup, and bo squcezi out a tear- Weep, O yo Barrels R. W. B. A Digger's Petition. — The following dooumont was adopted at the meeting of working diggers, at. Spring Creek, on Satur day evening last, but as it was not strictly a part of tho proceedings, and yet was roceivod with hearty npplause — more especially tho twico repeated grass and cultivation clauses — . wo give it verb, et lit., making no attempt whatever to .gild refined gold. In its own > way, it tells a trutli or two that will bo re cognised ns tho conclusion of mnny who liaro carefully studied the condition of tho working diggor At a meeting of working Diggers held nt the Royal oak. Spring Creek, Beechwortb, Saturday, Jfi'y 13, '01. That the . thanks of this meeting Is Duo and he given to Sir Berkley her most Graces Mngcsty Representative for tLo mild and dignified stand In canection with the Disolation of parlainont of the Collonny ' of Victoria. Tlie working Digger boo with hope and Confidence A Farther and protector In your Excolcnoy, And Trust that yuur Exceloncy will brow tho mantel of Justice and ineroy over tlis working Digger And for which ho Is willing to pay p20 por Cent more tlirni tho Squatter, Namely Let him have ns much Land As he la ablo totnko In. In the proportion of 1 acre of — Cultivation and 2 acres ol Grnse. The Digger is now Contributing to tho Re venue Above 25 por Cent more than any Class of Moulnthe Colony. The Diggers most Respectfully Bog Leafe \- to Draw your Excelcncs-b Notice to the follow- ing Namely tlint tho Diggers is nt the preasont- Time tlie Strongest nnd hardest Class of men Under the Brittis Crown and tho most Loyal; Bat from the wet and Cold and Labour "They have to Indaro 10 or 12 years will Reduc Thorn to a Nation of worn out inon Beging for Brcnd nnd n Burthing to the Stato nnd Lite a Burthen to themsdves wo most humbly pray That your Exceloncy cxearaizs a power That we. Boiieve yqu to possess By Giving an Order In, Council tiiat the working Digger may Inoloso .Land In the proportion oi ono Aoro of Cultivated Land to 2 Acres of Grass He the Diggor poyiog 20 per Ceut More than tho Squator and tho Dlgsr to hold tho snmo Unti 11 wanted By the Crown or lor Digging Purposes. lugravo thy Nemo Upon the hart of The Sons of toil thy prase will Bo sung en Eartli and RcC cord In hoavoo. ; Accident to tiie Rev; Mr. Croxton. — We regret to learn that on Saturday afternoon ns tiio above gontleman was riding home during a heavy shower, in turning short over tiio wooden bridge at tho intersection of High street by Forest street, his horse fell with him, and tho reverend gontleman enmo to tbo ground very heavily. He was conveyed in a senseless stato to the house ot Mr. O'Keefe, and it was some time before lie was sufficiently recovered to bo removed to tho parsoaogo. We understand that besides nn injury to his knee, ho has received a severe shock lo tlie system genorally. — Sandhurst Bee, 22nd July, t Why are black oyos called piercing ? — Be cause tliey can look daggers when they liko. Though men boaBt of holding tlie reins, the women generally toll them wliich way .they must drive. 