¡Ç< Ü|ttty Vox Pojmti, Vox Dei. FRIDAY, AUGUST 33,1861. OK Friday last the Exploring Exnedi tion, consisting of tiro Messrs. Demp- ster, Mr 0. Harper, Mr Clarkson, and a native, which lett Northam for the east« ward on the 2nd July last, returned safely to their starting point. We have not yet received a detailed report of the journey, but we hope tobe favored with a copy of the journal in time for publication in next week's issue. Some wonderful taloa have of course been prevalent in town, as to what the travellers have seen and heard, and certainly some of them appear to be warranted by what the explorer's them- selves have related, much of which is con- tained in the following extract from a letter received on Wednesday : " Our ex- plorers returned on Friday; they went " about 280 miles to the eastward, the last "seventy being on the margin of agreut " salt lake, the narrowest part of which ap 11 peared about 7 miles wide. The nativos " told them there was a great sea further " on, and that ten or twelve years ago "three white travellers had come there " and died. The salt lay on the banks of " the lake, thick and fine, like Liverpool " salt. They found a beautiful shrub or "tree about the size of a large fig tree " the leaves of which bear a strong re' " semblance to the red creeper, the tree is "very shady. The on'y new kinds of " birds seen were parrots. The monkeys .. (of which they had heard before starting) « the natives gave very distinct accounts "of; one native they saw had been at " tacked by one of these ferocious animals, "but was rescued by his companions; " they describe them as about the height " of black men, sometimes walking up M right and sometimes on all-fours ; choy " call them " Chimbas," and live in con " tinual dread of them, they have long "tails and live in holes or recesses in largo " flint hills. These flint hills are very high " and. covered with red, black, blue, and all "brightcolored flint stones. They found "also a tiny species of Antelope about " six inches high, but owing to their fleet " ness were unable to catch any ; there " were also many other small kinds of ani "mais for which the natives set traps and "pit-falls. They met with plenty of natives "who were very peaceably inclined and "acted as guides; those round the lakes " they could see but they would not come "near them. For three days and two "nights they were without water, after "which they carne to a large lake of fresh "water. They discovered good land rX "about a hundred miles ¿rom Northam, " and from there brought a young native "with them to guide tbem back on a "future expedition. They found some "very high granite hills with deep caves " in the oí, from which exudes a disagree .'able smelling substance they supposed " to be Naptha. Abundance of slate in "large thin sheets was found in thevici " nity of the lakes. There was plenty of "game, comprising emu's, red kangaroo, "guanas, &c;, and ducks on the lakes. "There appears no regular rains but vio "lent thunder-storms, of which a very <* severe one had happened a short time " before they went out, or they would not " have been able to get so tar. The salt " lakes were as clear as crystal and appear "to lie in chains as at Cowcowing. The << natives wear no clothes and suffer greatly " from cold ; our pioneers hud constantly " to break the ice in the morning in order " to wash. The good land they found ia "suitable for cattle rather than sheep, " Mr U. Harper has brought in a large, " quantity of geological Bpeciaiens." Our extract contains statements of things sufficiently curious in natural history which, if true, will be an extraor- dinary addition to the anomalies far whick Australia is already celebrated. Certain- ly the tribes of animals to which Monkeys and Antelopes belong have not hitherto been known as denizens of the Australian continent, unless we take the former perhaps to be represented by some of the younger specimens of the human race, or py the old ladies of the aboriginals. Curious enough the aborigines of the .settled distrios speak in great dread ot a ghost, spirit, or devil, which they call " J ingas," a name which in pronunciation bears a most suspicious resemblance to tu the " Chimbas" ot our explorers, and the so-called Antelopes we may suspect to be an animal of the Jerboa family, of which one species is plentiful wherever the soil is sandy. The flint hills with their variously bright colored fragments, are also rather contradictory to geological research, as well as the deep caves in granite which, from the accompanying statement as to the Naptha, we should rather judge to be some rock belonging to the secondary formation« The state* ment as to the three white men having died there is curious, and is worth inves- tigation, as although rather far south it is possible they may have been the last survivors of the ill-fated Leichardt's party, or otherwise they might have been persons belonging to some South Australian sheep station seeking for fresh country. i .The particulars we have been enabled to furnish our readers with, will render them curious to see the official report of the Expedition, which however it would appear has been unsuccessful in its main purpose-the discovery of a large extent of good country, as mention is only made of some about one hundred miles from Northam, but whether to the N.B. or S.E. is not stated, but sheep runs about that distance to the S.E. have already been taken up by Mr Parker of York and others. THE Correspondence published in our last issue, respecting the Rev. Mr. Poore's letter in the Melbourne Christian Times, has created no little curiosity as to what the Reverend Gentleman really has had to say about this colony, and those in it. Aware that such would be the case, ac- cording to our usual course, and to give Mr, Poore fair play, we endeavored to obtain the paper containing his letter in order to give it publication at the same time with the comments upon it by our Correspondents,"we however failed in ac- complishing our desire, through the only copy in the colony being at Fremantle. Since then we have again taken some trouble to obtain the paper for our present issue, but have failed through the instru- mentality of Mr. Poore's own friends, so that no blame rests with us for so long a delay elapsing before both sides of the matter are fairly placed before our readers. Our present issue contains two letters written in reply to one which appeared in the Inquirer of Wednesday last, signed " Moderator," which was a weak and washy rejoinder to those of last week, and which also left the public quite in the dark as to the real state of the matter. Mr. Poore's meaning may have been misap- prehended, but if so surely the best reply would have been to have given the public the earliest possible means of judging for themselves, for which " Moderator's letter is but a miserable substitute. 