IlOBART TOWN AND TIE SOUTH. In consaequence of theo heavy rain on Monday evening, his Excellency Sir lIvury Young's fore well Inspection of the volunteer forces was postl poned. The lamps of the principal streets were lighted on Mondllay night t at the expene of the Gas Com pIny, nld servedt, to some extent, to mnitigato tihe gloom of a nmiserabty wet night. Mr Thatcher and Madame Vitelli have arrived from Victoria and announced a series of musical entertainment at the Temperance Alliance Rooms. The tiew whale ho tll ltilt for the enuling e-ll test, nil Itegtta )Day, and ntellcndel to bo pulled in tIle "Clianpioln MaIlel," were inlspeclted oil Illlonday bylthe special onmmittee appolinted for the purpose, land were all duly passed. Mr. IFarquharson, theo vocallt, has arrived from Mhelbouroe. The Exhibition was formally opened on Mon day by his Excellency the Governor Sir II. E. F. Young, Honorary President of the Commioniln. Allongest those present wore Sir Valentine Flem Ing, lt ef Justeice, Iton. T. D. Cloapman, Premier, te Colonllial Recretary, the Colonial l'reasurer, the Attlorleyf-(eneral, the Soliclitor.Genernl, the Iloln. . Nairin, Peshllenlt of the Legislative Council, Ilon. W. Archer, D1 L.C., the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Ilobart Town, the Veio Aichdeacon Davies, Lieuotenlalt Colohnel Rassell, J. Ailllort, with oilier gentlllemen. Several ladies graced tieo olcasaion witl their Ipresence. Ills Ex vellelncy and Lady Yoilng, accomiipanlied by Colonel Gore Btrown.e and Mrs. Browne, arrived at half past too o'clock, and were received by the chair Ian tDr. Crowther) unit members of the CLoln mlission. Thle Exhlbition will he open gratuitously to tthe poblio during the remnlinder of the week. InI cllsequence of the inclelnency of the weatller but few availed themnsel'es of toe leosure of witnessing salme of the most nIovel specimenso of T'Lamnian productibn. 't ho woods in particllar werem ignlfcentl,nd the laro gtle o allllajw was a real curiosity. l'hli valious todels and froatmns show to what perfectionl our woods cn lie broulght, and the iniernl curiositiea show that we are nolt behind, Sut ion adeaniceof, the other colonies lit tLis blrainch of ocience. I Eleven hundred personls visited tile Extliition oll Tuesday, and exlresselld their admlliration at thla result of tlhe Colnilissnironers' nabor. Gardincr's Amterielno Circus thas been .well pat. onised. oltesstraI Poessard and Donay'aro giving con cerls, wit :nuoch sueness, at tihe Tloetre. t Thoo llMercury sunests itoe desirabirlitiy of post poing tIle legatta until Sturday or Monday. Mr. DIowling's piotliro,e "Tlho Presentation in tlo f'mpIle." is on view at the ireomises lately 00. colied llby Mr. Spurting, No. 02, Liverpool-street, Ilear Ellza'eth-street. : On Mondlay evening a complimenotary to~ meet itue was tieltl at thei Priitive Methodist Cohuirch, Collinis-street, on tllh comnlertioin of the flrst year's mnlnistry of lha Rev. Mr. Pritchard. ? On Monday the splrings of Brown's down coach broke at Brilgewater. A lelntltened odelay took plhce; no farther :incouoveonooioce resoulted. Qu~Asu-.-Thn foundation ston? of the now cllnroh at Quaionby will be laid at nooo ono Tues day next. EXTON WeosSrAne SUnonar Senooot.-Tho Rlev. vW. D. Lelean willilo reach alliversary ser mootna 0i Sndayny molirning anod aflternoon next. Collections will be madeanitofr eacl service. A puotio tea meeting will beo hield o Moday after ExroN Tot.L -oATs -TOndiors- nro invited for renltinll e I:Exton Toll-gote, for 12 months from the list iuslant. Vansnso woonNr.w ZnALANDn.-Tllhe PiWrroen :Gonddard, juot arrived f'rotn M-elbourne,r nod thet alaril)osa, expected to arrive in a fev days, tro htollt advrtloein to lold for Port, Chalmers. New Zealand. The former vessel is to sail next 'Thursday, and no doubt the most, if not all, ler available room for live stock will be engaged,. as the agents of the Star of Tasmania had to refuse a large number of horses. KITr FLYING ExrnAonIDINAnY.--An ingenlonus smuggling trick was prncltocd threodays ago on tho frontier, neaIr Lille. Sotlle= boys sent upngignttc kite, andl followeditacross te I'routior tlioe into Ielgiul. There a man attoached to the tall several bundlea of cigars and a largo one of to boeco. The kite wasoogain raised, and tile iboys quletly returned to Fronce without paying duty on their booty. AN Enonsous Govn.-We (Liverpool Aliton) are informned that Mtr. Clny, of the Mersey Steel and Iron WVorks, is engaged in tme manl fiactue of one of his cuons, of elormous sizoeand power. Tile design and dattinatlon of the gun is not allowed to transpire, and it is suppiosed to be made for f experilental tpurposes for a foreign government, to test th1e resistance of lattery plaies. It is said tlhat thea gun is to throw n shot of 00lbs., iond that it will be ready for trial in two or three weeks. The monster gunmade at thlesoeworks, and which was Itelly tested again at Portsmouth, carries a sot of 280 Ibs., tHIIE Onnain o0 rTInI NoINIBT RmIAL WVoITconAIT DN?Nts ; is not generally knonwnt It hlates as ar biack as the tilte of P'ill. Sir Itol0ert -Preston a merclhant, and M.P. Tor Dover, had a contge at Dagenhalm, n Inssex, whliher tohe some times used to escape from the toils of political anid mnercantile life. =-Hin most frequent gnnot was iMr Rose,Seceretary to i he Treasury. On olne occasion the two invited their munlual friendi, Mr. PIt, who wa.- then -'remnier, to jbill thellti. l110 wis ?o pl?eoiei witlih his receptionl that: te nacceplted inviatlion fAir tire inext year. The moeeing ol thle tlhree frileds became ioniniil. Lords Camdtlel and t nrioliorouglh jilihed the parly a few years after. wards. and tile plnce of meeting was tralnserred to Greenwici, and tlo eost of the lntertainnent was defrayed by the several gueis?, thouhlll Sir lRobert alwoys insisted upon providing luck and chamn poge-. oThis meeting, at first purely gnstroliomie, with som 0 ondicntlltons, soonm bheenle a regiular e itablished :nninsterlal dinner, always held at thle end of tho session. Sri. Awunw's Cnranou,-Tlh seats of tila chairok will hte f'o.t on Moonday lexo for thle arunuing haltf.yent.r A 1De0 ,g ConRONEit 1 AUSTLAx.eA,.-A. eorrespondlnt of tlia ipps Load Guardian, wlho uignas hinsolf "'A Juror," writes t--A inquest was held here (Tnrraville) onl the 18th hiilnt, anln at whitlt out worthy fltld respected towns. malt, Dr. Alexaller Arbuockle, Esq., , P., ol ffloloed as coroner. The body upon which the Itquest was to be hold, was thllo child of Mr. John Ml'Coll, who died frotm the celeta of at kick from a horse. Oni tihe day i question the corontor donned Ilia odmlltal ullht lsuoed his precept to Luote* 0on jury at til Royal Exchllane Hotel, andl thon, conscious that ho had ftinllld Ilos duties so far, patiently awaited tlhe motment when Ills gialt energies were to be called into play, The jury assemnbled, the Coroner openlled the case, I la n guoge which seenled to take them by surpriseo, so muih so that one ii th enthuslasm, o tile tnoo tmellt ratlher too Inodly axptesed a desire for somelo one to shoult. After viewuigt tile body, tle Cora - nor, alter much peirsuasion, proceeded to swear U?, If tlhe Coroner tllhen fancied his troubles were over, hIet was fated to beh deceived. 'IThero was one juror of talkative propenalities and uncotlllh peecll, wtho not considering tlhe awfull presence it which te tlood, gave it as hIis opiniou that tilhe Coroner was - Another lqually asno bad suoggested tliant onehitlf of tlhose wo hadtl diplomas ouaiht to le deprived of them, anod thatt imany that he (the juror) knew were not fit to holtl them. The jury at length were left to consider thteirverdict, and then enlsued a scene which bufiles all description. :No verdict could he agrred tpon. and tlhe jury were sent to Mir. Clark's Ilotel, land locked up, after having been informned tihat neithell fooud nlor water would be allowed them. The Juror of uncouth speech, who in fact was the dissenting Iparty, conducted himseclf so violently, that the Coroner was sum. moned to assert his authority. On his entry, the aforesaid juror malde use of some not very coot linlentlary remarks, wheroupon the representative of the law went for Iis warrants of colimmittal and a nobbler (draomt), but by the time lte got hack a verdict ihad Ileent agreed tupon, whllich hall the effect of mollifying his bre, and alter oa eloquent speechl, with ail tapt illustration of one bad sheep eorrupting a whole flcsh, we were tlis chairged. lot tile scelne did not entd here, for the coCtulacious juryman foliowed tl e Coroner, nnd ltintnated Ibinim, politely, his itnt'not of refport; ing him to th0 Chief Secretary. Upon hearing this kindl inllthnatioil; the Doctor sent hint to tht slttiilllonhoue, front whence llo was hrouogt up on the following morning and disclharged. CAURES op PAc~oPRIcM.-A returnt has ust been issued by thle Poor Latew loard respect log adult pnauers (more tlhan six:cteen years old) wllho have been above five years constant itmates of the workhouses of England litd \alesV . I'the reason assianed for inatillity to nllataill tlleltnselves are, it the illstances of 5,93, old age andii inflirtlity; 4,089, mental disease ; 924 bollily disease ; 1,019, hbodily defects, such as blilndness odll lameness; 182, moral defects; 25, dceertion by husbailnd 45, orphianage; 67iwidowlhnod; 35, wanlt of work; 4, !azinest; 875, no cause assigued. Thirty-one had Iteen workhousn lumates fur upwards of half a century. tGnoosi.o A Iltonse.-' what do you give your horres to keel titem in such fine eoondition ?' a-ked onc ounlg flrine of his neighor, whose teant of bays were the prihl of their owner, oand tihe admiration of tie village. 'Oats, carrots, and pli'nty of brush,' was the reply. Corrying atd lbrushling slould not be done itn tle stable; the duist and scruit will be scatteretd in the manger to -mix witllt theli orse feeod, besides keepinlg tile stable uncleanly. Tke te tannima iltto thte open aoir, tie hbit securely, ndll handle him so gently t-hit hoe will enjoy rather tilan dread tile appliceotion of itlo collmb and brush A sllarp currycomb, roughly scraped ovcr tie tender ski, I is anythllng btt pleasanot, as theo shrinkoing and resioting unimnta will soon show. Apply tlis instrument liglhtly, and depend mainlly oi tthe free use of the broshlt Begin at the head, and pans the comb liglltly up aedl down uttll tlh doadruof is all losented, and remove it with tile brusb lie par. ticular nround the edges ol tillhe foretop and tlhe "tmante. It is a good plan to sponge the head and ears, using Ibut ttle water, smoothlling thle haIlr down to its natural positleo. In going over tile buck, quarters, loins, &e;, use the combn in one hand and tile brush in the other, working Ilglltly ond quickly. -lake ucit panins where the skin lies in tolds, as at the union of the legs with thle botly; let every part h:e lmade thorotughly freei froat dust i?ad dandrutlt: Finishl by rllbbing down vigorously with wisps of straw un11 ti te hair lialtes like ai bottle; a:n extra smootlhing touch may be put on with a rough cloth. Do not fear alil tills trouble-it will be more than re paid in the extra looks and spirit of tile orseo.: LIAnTrrr 1or TELEottAPrt COocPANIES. An itimportnitt tlecision wilth respect to the reapo. tihiliy of Telegrtphic Companies for delaysor er= rors in thie transmission of messoges was oiven in tilhe Bradford Couty Court. 'The pllaiitiff, a ir. Doiglnas, of Bradford, was on his way from lhat town to Halifax, and on reachiog Ilipperholmne, found that lie hald left Ili titkets behllind him, H=le was told at the telegraph-office that there would be time to reach his house, so that Iis servanlt, who was comiing by the next trlit, mighlt tring thllem; buhot, frotm a delay at tile Bradford-oflice,it was too lute. T'lhis delay was not denied; not the comn. pany relied upon the plintiffl ll.ving signed the usual paper, agreeing to their conditions, one of wlhich is that tley will not be liable for any delay or error inconoection witll " unrepeated messages.r The Judge held that this contract decided the matter In favour of thecompnny. There was no law to restrict thllem o "reasonabl" conditions (as was the c.se with one ompatny), aiid whoever entered into the usual contract with themn must be bound by it, even though the company should be grossly negligent. A T'IRILLoNlo SKRTcr.-l'tche following scene is sanid to hatve heeu lately :exhilbited int Virginia: -Mesmeriser: You have seen, gentlemen, ?th Ihero hboy- was taken promal. cuously from thle crowd. l-:li arm is there against the wall, nud lie can't take it down or sit it down except I does it. Crowd : Tl'ake it~ own, boy. Boy : I cau't, sir. Crowd:: Down witl your hand, and I will give you nfuepenth. Meratnerier : ie eanit take it down, sir, no more thua he calln lift a millstone. -You may throw as much: mony nas you please on the floor, and all that ihe picks up I will play for. ?-1here several of the crowd laid down quoarters and halves to tlhe amounatof two or three dollars. Crowd : Now, tmy inoy, all that is yours; tike it and be off. 'Thle arm dropped instanter. is a orn fell directly on thile pile, which his ,titltlte fnlers secured;, and wlth Itis nmelnsmerised arm Ihe matde Iis joyful aod inoal exit flt tile even in-- lhe leornct td tdprofound professor stantditng hiilnelf amnzed t liel unprofountlness of hls own heart-the villainy of mankind-the wannt of Iithl nattng patle-noldl amnidst thlo drenldful roar of' he hlouse, came demands tor thu restitutlon of the moey meoamerled' by tho boy. - wiutmi a worrotl had been issued oi l charge of 1l)rouall's publie.h1us00, at tho Leve ii. i s now In culoatdy at Torquny, ?tl ll will Iroball ly Ili lbrwarded to LaItntcestoiu by the steamler Ti?(ttn oilt Saturday, n i Iot ou lght 1ip at tle La.unecestonl Iuliceu Court oo Mlondoy,. : M `A ittlty COAL.-We uinderstannd that Mr. Gould's report on thle Mersey Coal will very 0soonhe Ilallstted. It would appear that sotne. thllug all been galted by detly, as h stuthtequent exprlllurtloll Mr. Giulld ars discovered fossil s it the Gordonl lmestoiie, so closely resectblhlg thoso of thle 1lrsey tistrloct, ns to leave little room for doubting that they wore contentltoraneaus. Should this trln out so, It will 1materltily afler the views previously eltertinl ed by Mr. Gould respectle?gthl ago of theu Aersey coal, It will be iterelting ad inlportant to have this loinlt satsfoltaorily ttlledl; la1l iln the nmeanthl soime of our rotelrs tlly relnetlhr tllhat two or three years slinea a crrespondellnt of Iliae .X.aminer sugi?sted tihat the cool measures of the Mersey might belong to the oolitic epooh1001. Tile LATE hiM IIontAnto W-Ise.-'his lamented gentlletnalt, who was son hrbaroosly mnurdered by the blacks the otller day, in tile colony of Queensland, was formerly a copositlor in tile Sydney Gazette ofllice, where he served his lapprenticeship lit ilie year 1838 lie left thlat ecculpatiott for olsheepl.frtlintl, and was olne of the first settlers ill the Port Phiillip district, iwhere he ultimately lienlte a prospelouo colonist and a tilember of thu Colonial l.egislature. Sooni tfer the separationl of Moreton llay, Ie invested acton biderable suml i nthe purclhase of runs tin lthlt colony. The oneilatchol1y sequil is kuuw to our renders.-S, .L Hlerahl. RESULTS Ot NEWSPAPElt lTtitAININO. Let ne realirk, Ior the satlsfeation of youtg men who may be tempted or compelled to ulthivate letters as a profession, that tlleo Iis no sillier liproe. judice than that whicl certain narrow.illnded peusonts oltertain agallist a connection witlh Ilt newslaper press. My own experience justilles ilue it oayllng thlt I conetder such nt occuolatitnl as more wollesomtie, lancing, tul conducit e n ilthe develoopment of metntiil iower, :tran tny oilither kind of literary trolning. I)Dexterty, cledar per. ceillton, skillul arrangement, andl nervous exprese sioo, are the qatllitlie muost valued i ll journalist ; anlld tlleso, I ventitlre to assert, enllnuot lie atltained by brooding over sentimenital veresa or Inditing nlenphysical discourses, or inded: in any other way thant by ellstiant oitd aIssidou practice. It Ilas lbeen nalleged that this kind of writing is apt to ileterioront style and to induce slovenly Ihabils of conposittion. I reply that this work, Irol its vury nature, demlands. a rigid abstinence from verbosity, obicurity, and tinsel ornament; thlllat toe style must boe o perspicuous as at once to convey tlie distinct idea to the reader wit!ouit sutjectitt hItli to tihe paln of a reperutal ; whilst, on thle other hioad, it must be so ointled and terse as to attract and rivet hia attentionll. I do not know where, at the present tdoy, you tcan find better specicens of pure Etiglisa complosition than tlhoo which appear in the columns of Ilhe news paper press; and though these olay be called in oe sense ephlemeral, since their interest passes away with the uemiory of the evsents to which they refer, they nevertheless exercise a deep and Isstinlg influelce otl tie thought and cuiture of tile age. llThos who remlember what country papers t here soome fivoe.nd-twenty years ago, cannot foil to be struck with the itaionsity of the im provement whibch Ihas been mlade.-fBlacklood. VPnoPITS Oo T ris 1BAK O0 ENGLAND. A Geneial Court of Proprietors of the Ban' k of Enillandl was held for the purpose of declaring a dividend; -°Mr. Allred Lataln, lthe Governor, presiding. It was announced that the profits for tile six month endling tile Slat August were £750,589 tnaking the rest ont that day £3,751,654. ''he directors peroposed a dietribution of 5 pier cent. for tilt Ilfyear, free of iuconte.tax, leavins tile rest at £3,024,004, which was unanialously agreed to wilthoutdiscussion. 'I'trt CoST oP AN Ev..-An action was broaght at the Chester Assizes, in whicll plaintiff, at Mr. Coyte, the s?l of a Snflilk clergyman, sued fur dtnlages for the loss of an eye. h'le ile. feodanot, Mr. Vinnlce, was out wittha shooting pary at Stllllon, whe a grey hen started. TIlhe defendant fired two borrels at the bird, and oun fortunately lit the plaintiff, who was on the other side of the hedge, causing him to loose entlirely the sight of onel eye, It was distinctly swvor tlat it wlas the dletendanit' shot that had caused the in. jury. Ile mloreover oappeared to have behaved in ct very heartless way, never going near the plain lf, and eventially idding insult to intjury, by of fering .5 for the loss ot an eye. The jury re tiredl, and shortly after returned with a verdict for the plaintiffl, damages .C£200. PAINFUL CAso.-A ctturious yet painfull case happened itn Ttnoton. Tiei daughter ofa trodesimon had been ill for some lime, and death was hiourly expected. At lengtlh, to all lappear ce, the flatal tmomenlt came, andt the spirit wals supposed to have winged its fligllt The neces sary offices for the dead were thlon performed; thie ody was laid out, and the shutters of thelshop were closed. In an hour oafterwards to thle con. sternation and joy of their friends, re-animation took place, nod the supposed deceased was able to speak. The shutters were agalin taken down; but we regret to stae that, after tL e lapse of a few hours, they were nualti put up, the sufferer having grad untlly sank until tle tll il reality terminated her ex istanlce.--lrirol ilercury I tANDIVITINGO 'rOl T DEAD.n--litere are few things moro hesutiful in all the notle works of Sir Lytton Bulwer titan tht followlng romarks upon looking it the hIaudwriting of rth dead:-'- For a thought writtell in waro sunny life, and then suddenly rising up to us, when the hand that traced and the heart that cherishted it are dutoot, is verily as a ghost. It is a likeness struck off ohe fond lhuman being and surviving it. Par lore trutllful than hbust or ptortrait, it hbillds us see tito tears flow, and the poise beat. VWhat ghost cll Ithe churehyard yield to us like the wvrilting of the dead P' hL?CTicO POSTAoE.-WVlenta the Post Office closed Its accounts with thila public revenue In the year 1837-prevlous to the first altration of tite postage to 4d., as preliminary to the adop tion ofra general rate of a penny- tIhe number of leters transttmitted, at varying rates ofl d., Od., and Is. each, Was minroe than 1,000,000 wockly. T'lls has been regairded as turnishing a fair basis for calculating what may be done by i uniform rate of Imessate by telegraph at one shlilling; anidt tihe United Kitigdomt Electric Telegraopl Company are about to carry out this oystemn upon their lines, which nare fst spreadlng throughout the country northwiardo, and will, within a low days, be opened as for ns Mlanchester and Liverpool, for meanoges, at 0oo unlform rale ofo ashillilog encht. MlrETINtcos PaoIt POAYO.-rore are no lerss ltInn 1.000 union- prayer-.neetings io the United State;, 800 in Englaod, 400 in Ireland, i and 800 In Scotlnd nod IYales.'I 