"TIlE FPflESNTATION IN TIHE TEbI. PLE," "And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, wheos nanme was Simeon t and the samw Inen was Just and devawt, wailing for the consolation of Israel and the Holy Ghost was upon him. " And it was rcvertied unto him hy the Holy Ghost that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ. " And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus,to do for himn after the custom of the law, "T he took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, ndrt sail, " Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, acnecording to thiy words " For mine eyes have seen thy salvation, " Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people t "A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel. "And Joseph anit his mother marvelled at those things wbich were spoken of him. "And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Miary ihis mother, behold this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel t and for a sign which shall hbe spoken against i "(Yea a aword shall pierce through thy own soul also) that the thoughts of many hearts may be re vealed. "Antd there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughlter of PhIanne, of thie tribe of Asert site was of a great ago, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity ; SAid shite was a widow of nhrut fourscore and four years, which departed not from thire temple, but served God nuilh fstlngs tnd prayer right andi day. " Adr sihe coming in that instant gaoe thanks like wise unto the Ioerd, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemptionr in Israel. "And when they had performed all things accord ing to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth ."-St. Luke chap. ii., verses 25 to 39, buth inclusive. The subject is beautifully and fully set forth in the passage of Itaoly Setipture iabove quoted. It is therefore earnestly requested of all who view the painting to make themselves thoroughly ac quainted with the above history before applying themselves to the creation otlthe artist's pencil. In the treatment of picltures, such as that under consideration, by tire old masters tihe con ventional form was nIways adopted- of making Simeon represent an ecclesitstical dignitary, bentding under the weight of his cope and other vestments. The infant Saviour, as well as the blessed Virgin, were each decorated with a nim bus, and Joseph was frequently depicted holling a saw, or other implement of his trade, to tell tire spectator that he was a carpenter. Mr. Dowling has carefully avoided all stuch symbolical treat ment, wisely considering that the sacred narrative deals exclusively with men and women, such as have ever existed in the great human family. To carry out this view of the text the holy mtan, Simeon, is represented as a venerable personage giving thanks to God for the mercy vouchsafed to us int the birth of our Iedeemer. Simeon must not be supposed to he a priest, the Hloly Scriptures nowhere warranting such a conclusion, but he is spoken of as a "holy man" devoutly waiting for the kingdom of God, and is here sup posed to have realised that hope when, by dlirect inspiration irhe uttered that beautiful prophesy in which ire predicts a blessing to all the people of the earth. Our blessed Saviour being at this tiho but six weeks old Is represented, by the artist, as a child of such a tender ago would naturally be, and in his infantine grace reclinting in Simeon's arms. The blessed Virgin is painted as a yonng and interesting woman, natuated by all the hopes, joys, and sorrows of a tmother deeply anxious it the future of her lirst born. l1er countenance exhibits the conflicting emotions of her mtind, whicli may be ordinarily felt by a loving and tender mother, wheno hearing sachs Wonderful statements of the greattness of her child. Joseph is pourtrayed as reverently listen Ing to the utterances of Simleon while, in his left hand, Ihe holds tim the two pigeons appointed by the Mosaic law as an otfering such as their means could compass. Anna, the prophetess, or rather one of the bardic instructors of the people, ro siding in tlhe temple, occupies a promilent posi tion ithe foreground atnd is one of the most masterly productions of the artist. Various other figures tre dispersed singly or in groups. The artist isto agreatdegree self-taught. For the prircipal portion of his lilf he resided in Tasa mania, and although a very young man is a per fectly original master of design in tie ihighest class of art. Ilis isolationt fromn all pro-conceived ideas proved of great value to him for it stimu lated his exertions and allowed him to rely only on his own artistic intuition. 