WOODSIDE. [From our own Correspondent] .November 5. At about 4 o'clock p.m., on Monday, November 4, 1861, the corner-stone of the new Wesley an Chapel was laid by. the Rev. Mr. Butters, of Adelaide, in tho presence of a. goodly number of the surrounding settlers. This interesting ceremony was commenced by the Eev. Mr. Chester, of Mouut Barker, reading the 81th Psalm and offering prayer, after which he read a document written on parchment as follows : — ' Wesleyan Chapel, Woodside. The foundation stone of this chapel was laid by the Rev. William Butters, on the 4th. day of November, 1861, in the 24th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell, C.B., being the Governor of the Province of South Australia ; me xtev. srrpnen xiaoone, oeing I'resicicnt of tho Australian Wesleyan Conference ; tho Rev. Thomas Buddie, Secretary ; the Rev. Win. Butters, Chairman of the district ; the Rev. Henry Chester, minister of the Mount Barker circuit ; and Messrs. Thomas Smallacombe, Samuel Attvroll, David Moll'at, Thomas Hutching, John Colton, and James Tonkin, being the trustees of the said property.' After reading the above document, the Kev. Win Butters rolled up with it a copy of both the Adver tises and Beffister papers of the previous Satur day, and consigning them to their resting place in a zinc bottle inserted in a cavity underneath the stone, he immediately said over them, ' In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost — one God,' &e.; After showing his ability in tho use of the trowel and the plumb- line, the rev. gentleman pronounced the stone to bo well and properly laid. He then gave a very clear and distinct statement as to how posterity might u--o the said edifice after its erection, clearly defining that, although it was abso lutely a Wesleyan dispel, it might be used for other purposes than for that of/publishing to sinners the unsearchable riches of Christ, (if agreed by both the triMtcci and the minister in the circuit), such as Sunday and daily schools, Bible Society meetings — yea, anything that had a direct tendency to point the human mind to heavenly and divine things. Political and other gatherings of the people for merely moral aud social objects, were inaduiiseable. Tho Conferenco duty was to aecurc to the people a pure doctrine, as taught by the late Rev. Joliu Wesley. The rev. gentleman concluded with an appropriate prayer. At about G o'clock, a much larger number of per sons had assembled, when they sat down, as by halves, to partake of a very sumptuous tea provided by the lad i--«. Th« old ohajwl would scarcely accommodate tho tea party, although divided into two companies. The tea over, a pnblic meeting was immediately held, when Mr. Richard Perkins wa* unanimously invited to preside ou the occasion. The Rev. Mr. Chester read the financial statement, which showed that although an effort had already been made, yet further exertions of a spirited character were re quired to meet -be claims for the erection or thia new chapeL He (Mr. Chester) was full of hope, and be* tiered Woodside people would not be behind in this matter. The collections at the cervices of the pre ceding Sabbath under the ministration* of the Kev. W. Butter*, had produced £6; from the te», £7 14s. 6d. These, with what had been promised ou a previous occasion, and wLat he expected would be realised that evening, would, he hoped, bring it up to about one half the sum required for completion, viz., nearly £4O0. The meeting was well sustained by the several very pleasing and interesting addresses of the Chairman, the Rev. Messrs. Butters, Chester, and Terry, and Messrs. Tapley, of Adelaide, Pope, Grasby, and J. Dunn, jun. The subscription list of this meeting exceeded £20. The Rev. V. Butters closed the meeting by imploring the Divine blessing. 