THE FIJI ISLANDERS. I A correspondent of the Atheneum, writing from Rewa, Fiji, describes his adventures there : — 'The sight of the Athenaum at this out-of-the way place strongly recalls a promise made be fore my departure from England to send occasional tidings of my wanderings in Fiji. I have now been several months in this group, exploring it in various directions ; and though much has been written on it, and that too by competent hands, there is still abundant mate rial for observation, and a fine field for making collections in all branches of natural history. My headquarters for the first month were at Somo somo, in tho island of Taviuni, where I stayed under the hospitable roof of Captain Wilson, who has formed there a coconut oil establishment : coconut oil, tortoise shell, and beche-de- mer forming the staple exports of these islands, to which cotton will soon be added, several species of this all-important production having become naturalized in various parts. Taviuni is a rocky island of secondary magnitude, girded by cocoa nut palms and densely covered with forests, full of fine timber, and abounding in wild pigeons, and a species of paroquets highly valued by the Ton guese, and still more by the Samoans, on account of the red feather with which they ornament their mats. The island is about 2500 feet high, and the ascent to its summit very steep. The first time I went up a numerous suite attended. The Queen of Somosomo, hearing of |my intention, joined the expedition, with her whole Court. At daybreak we found her train waiting for us at the banks of a riverr, all fully equipped for the journey. A few strokes of the pen will describe their dress. The Queen wore two fathoms of white calico around her loins, fresh fern leaves around her head, the purple blossom of the Chinese rose in a large hole pierced through one of her ears, and a bracelet made of a shell. No other garment graced her stately per son, and yet she looked truly majestic. Her at tendants dispensed with the calico altogether, and were simply attired in portions of banana ami cocoa-nut leaves, fiesh from the bush. In our European clothes we had no chance to keep up with them, and they were always a long distance ahead of us, waiting for our coming up, and en enjoying themselves in opening cocoa-nuts and smoking cigarettes, which they made with dried banana leaves. The summit of the island was found to be an extinct crater filled with water, and on the north-eastern part covered with a ve vegetable mass, so much resembling in color and appearance the green fat of the turtle as to have given rise to the popular belief that the fat of all the turtles eaten in Fiji is transported to this lake by supernatural agency : one of the numerous spirits with which the wild fancy of the natives has peopled the group taking it at night out of their stomachs and placing it there. This jelly-like mass belongs to some of the lower Algae, and is several feet thick. We were not aware, until it was too late, that this sin gular production was only floating on the top of the lake, forming a kind of crust, or else we should not have ventured upon it. ' On the contrary, we took it to be part of a swamp that might safely be crossed, though not without difficulty, for we were always up to our knees, and often to our hips, in this vegetable turtle fat, and had to save ourselves occasionally from sinking into inextricable posi tions by crawling along like reptiles. Where the lake was free from this Alga, the water was limpid and cool, and we freely partook of it when eating the cold yams, taro, and fowls which formed our dinner. The sides of the lake were covered with hollies, scarlet myrtles, and a fine feathery palm, closely allied to that of New Zealand and Norfolk Island, but different. It was night before I re gained Somosomo, all the natives being home long before me, for as soon as they saw the sun getting low there was no retaining them them any longer. Having to be in the forest after nightfall is to them something terrible. They see ghosts and de mons starting up in every direction, and fear to fall victims to their anger. The town of Somo somo was, until a few years ago, the most noto rious place in Fiji for cannibalism, and the early missionaries, after much discouragement, had to give up their station. It was then a place of some importance; but constant feuds have reduced the number of its inhabitants con siderably, and the few that are left have for the most part become Christians, — it being now more than three years since the last man was eaten. The chief himself, certainly the finest Fijian I have seen, both in regard to stature and features, still remains a heathen ; but his Queen (who holds a higher rank thanhimself) is a devout Christian. The people are very well behaved, and, although they had plenty of chances of stealing, I did not lose anything of consequence. For knives,, Jew's harps, calico, and other trifles they readily assisted in making a fence for an experimental cotton plantation I established, felling trees and going into the forest with me. From Somosomo I shifted my head- quarters to Port Kinnaird, on the south-eastern side of the Island of Ovalau, where I was kindly received by Mr Pritchard, the British consul, and where I hoped to find Colonel Smythe, whom I had been directed to join by her Maj esty's Government. O wing to the war in New Zealand, the gallant colonel had not yet arrived, and Mr Pritchard and myself therefore determined to proceed eastward to explore the little known parts of Viti Levu, one of the continents of the Fijian world. We set off on the 28th of July, in the consular gig, and on the same day reached Bau, the capital of Fiji, where we stopped at the house of Mr Collis, a gentleman connected with the mission. Until 1854, Bau was opposed to the missionaries, and the ovens in which the dead bodies of human victims were baked were scarcely ever coM. Since then, however, a great change has taken place. The king and all his court have embraced Christianity ; the heathen temples are in ruins ; the sacred groves in the neighborhood cut down ; and in the great square, where formerly the cannibal feasts took place, a ' large church has been erected. It was not with out emotion that I landed on this blood-stained soil, where, probably, greater iniquities were per petrated than ever disgraced any ether spot on earth. It was about eight o'clock in the evening, and instead of the wild noise that greeted former visitors; one heard from nearly every house family prayers. To bring about such a change has, in deed, requited no slight efforts, and many valu able lives had to be sacrificed ; for, although no missionary has ever met with a violent death, yet the list of those who have died in the midst of their labors is proportionally very great. The Wesleyans, to whose disinterestedness the con version of these most degraded of human beings is due, have, as a society, expended £75,000 on this object ; and if the private donations of friends to individual missionaries are added, the sum swells to the respectable amount of £80,009. From Bau we proceeded to Rewa, by way of Nakelo, one of the great rivers of Viti Levu, and connected by a canal with the Rewa river. This canal is pro bably the greatest piece of ingenuity ever ex ecuted in these islands ; affording a proof of how thickly the land must have been populated to allow of such an undertaking, when there were nothing ' but staves to dig the ground and baskets to carry it away. It has not been ascer tained how long ago this canal was cut ; all that can be elucidated from inquiries is that it was out long ago, and for the purpose of carryingout a mili tary stratagem. We passed the town of Rewa, and, dropping down the river, took shelter for a few days in the mission at MataisuVa, where there is an institution for training native teachers, under the superintendence of the Rev W. Moore, who, no Tnlnn ? ? f .T-- r. ... leisure moments he can snatch to a suhj ect liitherto much neglected, that of collecting the old songs of the natives, now fast fading away. A coasting voyage of several days, which afforded ample op portunities of seeing places of interest and enrich ing ray collections, brought us, towards sunset on the 5th of July, to the Navua, one of the largest rivers in Viti Levu, and not yet explored by any scientific man. There are several exten sive deltas at its mouth, composed of rich alluvial soil, and exceedingly well adapted for cotton. From information gathered,- 1 was led to conclude that the sago palm was a member of the Fijian Flora. My inquiries commenced in the eastern parts of the group, and I was always directed west ward, and assured at every place that I should find the object of my search a few miles further on, — but that not proving the ease, I began to look upon it as a mere phantom, when at last, after a seareh of several hundred miles, whole groves of fine sago palms greeted me on the banks of the Navua river. This is an interesting discovery, botanioally, because no sago palm had ever been found so far south ; philologically, because the plant is here termed' Soga,' calling to mind the names ef Sqgu tr Ssgo, by which it is known in | other districts peopled by the Papuan race ; and I commtrciatiy, because it adds an important nrticlo to the export list of those islands. The Fijians made no use of the farinaceous pith the Soga con tains, though that of the Cycns circinalis of the district is converted into cakes eaten by the chiefs. We were soon at Navua, a town some three miles up the river, and the residence of Kuruduadua, the great chief of this district. A messenger , having been dispatched from our last halting place to announce our visit, wo found the chief tain seated in his large house, surrounded by councillors and attendants, awaiting his guests. As this chief and His territory are but little known to the whites, our arrival cieated a great sensa tion. J The ceremony of presentation is novel. On entering the house, Wise, our interpreter and guide, as already .schooled, addressed the chief to the effect that the Consul had come to introduce a chief from England, who had been sent to explore the country, and that we purposed doing our selves the honor of being his guest for several days. After a few minutes' silence, tho chief orator replied, in the name of Kuruduadua, that the stranger chief aud the Consul were welcome, for their presence conferred a distinguished honor on Navua, and tho neighboring tribes should know the fact as soon as the great drum could sound forth its rolling peals. As he concluded, all the men in the house chipped their hands, and exclaimed — 'mana, mam, mana!' At the same instant, the great drum, or 'lali,' was beaten lustily, and our presence in Navua was heralded throughout the district; The chiefs eyes 'glistened, and a proud smile of exultation gleimed over his face, as we threw ourselves at full length on the clem mats spread for us. Our loquacious interpreter here began to describe a j huge iron pot that was near tho door, and to tell ! how wickedly it had been appropriated to boil J the carcases ef murdered men instead of bechc de-mer. A rather . unpleasant feeling stole over j us, and we thought of trends and homes far | away ! Our peace of mind, however, w.is soon I restored when the chief proposed we should join | him in a bawl of yagona, a beverage prepared j from the root of the South Sea popper, by. being ! masticated by young men, and tasting like soap- i suds, jalap, and magnesia! A based pig and ; half dozen baskets of yami were next brought in j by women, headed by the chief's favorite wife, I all crawling on their hands and knees. Hungry i as we were, the story of the big pot made us . j . revolt from this frugal meal. But Kuruduadua s is not now a cannibal, and summoning courage, I and ascertaining that it was a real pig we beheld J before us, we dined. It is a curious fact that | Fijian etiquette does r.ot permit the host to partake 1 of' that which he provides for his guests ; and the | chief eyed us askance as we ate. About this I time a carronade, that guarded tho entrance a to the house, was discharged— emphatically to S| demonstrate the chief's delight. ' Yagona' was I masticated and drunk every half-hour. 'We ob- i| served that the string by which the bowl is sus- 3 psnrlcd when not in use was always thrown to- I wa/ds the chief. The_ object of this is to distin- | guisli the ' great man,' for if any one incautiously | walked upriorht m his p.cscuee, the club wa3 his I fate. Kuruduadua has ten wives, and as he 'him- f self does not exactly \now the number of his chil- | dren, we were left ignorant on this point. The | great drums were beaten every hour of the night, I in honor of the guests, but much to our annoy- % ancc, for they kept us awake some time after we | retired. Our bed was made of several layers of | mats, and over us was a large moBquito screen, about twenty feet long, made of the bark of the ?| paner mulberry. As many as eight or ten natives |j sometimes sleep together under one of these n screens. Before retiring, the Consul presented 3 various articles, as knives, axes, ptints, &c.;, to the a chief; and the usual complimentary speeches ex- | pressive of mutual confidence and goodwill en- y sued. On the following morning ' Harry the | Jew' presented himself, the only Englishman | who has lived foi' any length of time in the wild and unknown regions of the interior, and has | managed to throw a halo of mystery round him- J self. His real name is Henry Danford, and he I has been sixteen years with Kuruduadua, living like a Fijian; His story is full of adventure. ' Born in London, he was early apprenticed, first J to one and then to another trade, but his em- J yloyers being all men with whom he could not J agree, he left them in disgust, and took to the j sea. This brought him to the South Pacific, J where he discovered that the captains he had to f deal with were disagreeable men ; and, after - changing from vessel to vessel, he finally ran away i at Tonga. There, after twelve months' residence | amid many privations, partly caused by a I general famine, he perceived the Tonguese, too, i were disagreeable people, and at once ;'3 took passage in a canoe for Kadavu, in this fl group. Arriving at that island in distress, from jj lieavy weather, the canoe was seized and the crew a condemned to tho oven, tnus nnding tne ltadavu || people more disagreeable even than the Tonguese. *3 By strategy, however, he succeeded in making || his escape to Rewa, where he remained some time a with other white men. To one Charles Picker- p. ing, a celebrity of Fiji and the hero of some capi- iM tal anecdotes, he sold a pinchbeck watch that jig only went when carried. Whence he got this p precious article he says it is unnecessary to tell, || enough for the history that as soon as he received J the price thereof from Pickering he jumped into || a boat and started off for a distant part of the islands, condemning the white men as a disagree- @ able set of fellows. In his peregrinations, he met H one, 'Flash Bob,' for whom he acted as amanuensis || in the selection and purchase of a lady-lore from 0 a native chief. This brought him once more |sj into contact with the disagreeable whites. He II now commences a bec/ie-de-mer establishment, in . conjunction with his friend Pickering, who had || given him the name of ? 1 Harry the Jew in con- p sequer.ee of the watch transaction. After being some months in his new business, his house is burned by a party of natives. He quarrels with Picketing about his share in the purchase of Flash Bob's wif3. Pickering takes everything away, leaving him once more mnniless, shirtless, f and friendless on the beach. Kuruduadua, hear- || ing of his forlorn condition, sent liim an offer to || reside at Namusi, his mountain fortress, which 1 offer was accepted. On re idling the town, he was met by messengers, who carried him on their shoulders. The chief' flien gave him wives — how many we shall not say — yam plantations, taro gardens, pigs, and all the etcetera of Fijian life. He was also raised to the dignity of a brother, and allotted slaves to attend upon him. Our hero — happy man ! — now, for the first time in his life, found, an agreeable com panion in Karuduadua. In return for the digni ties heaped upon lum, Harry was to re n air the muskets of the tribe, and to tell the chief stories about the white men and their country. Having, for about a week, been an errand boy to a Lon don apothecary, he was able to dispense bread pills to the sick, and thus io assume another im portant stand in his new life. The chief appears to think much of this man, and consults him upon all matters respecting both natives and foreigners. Like roost of the whites v-ho have lived like na tives, he looks a shrivelled-up specimen of mortality, and thinks himself a man of mighty importance. We were much struck with the fact, that all the young lads were in a state of absolute nuditv, and, on inquiry, learned that pre parations were being made to celebrate the induc tion of Kuruduadua's eldest son into manhood, and that, until then, neither the young chieftain nor his playmates could assume the scanty cloth ing peculiar to the Fijians. A rebellious town, consisting of about 500 people, was destined to be sacrificed on the occasion. When the preparations for the feast were concluded, the day for the cere mony appointed, Kuruduadua and his whole tribe were to make a rush upon the town, and club the inhabitants indiscriminately. The hnrlipa wwp then to be piled into one heap, and on the top of all a living slave would lie on his back. The young chief would then mouiit the horrid scaf fold, and standing upright on the ch^st of the slave, and holding in his uplifted hands an immense club or gun, the priests invoke their gods, and commit the future warrior to their especial protection, praying he may kill all the enemies of the tribe, and never be beaten in battle, a choer and a shout from the assembled | multitude concluding the prayer. Two uncles of | the boy were then to mount the human pile, and to invest him with the 'Malo,' or girdle of snow white taps, the multitude again calling on their deities to make him n great conqueror and a terror to all whe breathe'enmity to Navua. The ' Malo' for the occasion would be, perhaps, two hun-' dred yard^fong, and six or eight inches wide. When worad round his body, the lad would hardly be perceivable, and no one but an uncle can divest him of it. We proposed to the chief that we should be allowed to invest his son with the ' Malo,' -which he at first refused, but., to which he consented after deliberation -with his people. At the appointed hour the mul titude collected in the great house, or 'Burg^ * -r. The lod stood upright in the midst of the as sembly, guiltless of clothing, and holding a gun ?over his head. The Consul and I approached, and, in due form wrapped him up in thirty yards of Manchester print, the priest ond people chant ing songs, and invoking the protection of their .gods. A short address from the Consul suc ceeded, stirring the lad to nobler efforts for his tribe than his anceetors had known, and pointing to the path to fame that civilisation opened to him. The ceremony concluded by drinking jragona, and chanting historical reminiscences of the lad's ancestors, — and thus we saved the lives of 500 men. During the whole of this cere mony, the old chief w much affccted, and a few tears were seen trickling down his cheeks. Soon, however, cheering up, he gave us a full account of the time when he came of age, ond the number of people that were slain to celebrate that occa sion. Finding that Kuruduadua was a man in whom confidence could be placed, we made arrangements for going to Numusi, so as to con nect the discoveries of M' Donald and Water house with the southern coast of Viti Levu ; but as the weather had become extremely boisterous, and heovy roins had rendered travelling in »he interior impossible, we determined to wait for more favorable weather, aud direct our steps to other parts of the group. We are now again on the road to Kuruduadua' a dominions, and I hope to be able on a future occasion to send a few lines about the doings of the mountain tribes of Fiji. — Berthold Seemann.' ? ? ChWbciiino an Old Maid. — An unmarried lady, a perfect specimen of an old maid, being on a visit to a friend who lived in o large manufactur ing town, went one Sunday to church alone, and wos shown into o large square pew, in which several females were seated. The prayers were drawing to a conclusion, when the officiating minister deviated from the afternoon service into another with which she was unacquainted. _ This was a novelty to Miss P ? who was in the habit of attending public woiship at n fashionable chapel in London. When this interpolated ser vice began, hor co-pewers stood up ; she, as a matter of course, followed tlieir example, and was surprised to see all the congregation except them selves either sitting or kneeling. Her companions presently knelt down. She again followed the lead, and, by paying great attention to the suceed ing prayer, she discovered that it was a thanks giving for the safe deliverance from the great pain and peiil of childbirth. The usual afternoon ser vice being over, she rose from her knees with crimsoned cheeks and in an agitated state of mind, which was not lessened by the clerk coming into ?the pew and asking her, ' Ilavo you a child to be christened, ma'am r' Pushiug him aside she tUBhed out of the churching pew, where she had inadvertently been put, and made the best of her way out of the church. On entering her friend's drawing room she looked so excited and alarmed, that Mrs M. exclaimed, ' My dear Charlotte, what has happened to you ? Have you been robbed or assaulted ?' ' Worse, worse — much , worse,' hysterically f-obbed the old maid, 'I've been churched.' — Court Journal. . Anotiieb Snake. — O11 Saturday last Mtb Fox, of the Old Kent Store, Carngham, went to the back yard far some water, when she was asto nished to find that she had nearly (rod 011 a very large black snake, which was. lying about a yard ? from. the door. She called for assistance, and some of the neighbors came and gave the in truder ' its. due.' Mr Renfrew, blacksmith, measured the reptile, and found it to be five feet ? eight inches long. — Ballaarat Star. 