THE SOCIAL MISERY A PATHETIC REMONSTRANCE. BY MRS. MILLICENT BLAND. Ah! would I could get a servant to stay, Instead of constantly running away! Ah! could I but see one laid snug on her stretcher, Without the suspicion, so frequently true, That next morning a ruddy-fac'd carman would fetch her, And waft her away from my agoniz'd view. I declare our verandah 's a perfect disgrace, and a Wonder to all who our house has an eye on; For what once had been a cool cloister for monks, Has been so knock'd about by girl's "boxes and trunks," That the floor's like a pitfall for jackal or lion. I could wish my dear readers to understand, There can't be a better master than Bland, He's so thoughtful and good, That he chops the wood; (To black his own boots is understood:) And I've heard him striving girls' morals to settle, With bellows in hand, while they're boiling the kettle. But still for all that I can't get them to stay; All Bland's moral persuasions are thrown away. Could I remember the number of faces That have come before me, asking for places, And having got them, forthwith had levanted, I should be like one, Who sits alone, By ghosts of casual visitants haunted; Who's seen some one there, and some one here; A photographer's widow—rather queer. First (but was she the first?) was Mary, Judy O'Driscol from Tipperary. Oh! what a creature was she to stand, For orders from me or Mr. Bland Neither was fortune to us less hard again, When sweet Jenny Jones came to us from Cardigan; And never from excellent place did lass go, Quicker than Meg Macalpine of Glasgow, Save Mary Bowbell of Hackney Wick, And she, it seem'd, could work like a brick, (Such was Mr. B.'s phrase) but as soon as she came She cast round her eyes With haughty surprise. (To make it the thing had been our aim) On the household in which she was hir'd as a cook, "There she goes with her boxes," says Mr. B., "look!" We thought our good nature had been out bane, 'Gainst attacking good cooks, profess'd or plain, And that, had we been sterner and more to the purpose, We had made them think light Of that old English right, Which Mr. B. tells me's called "Habeas Corpus." But no: there is Mrs. Tisiphone Trimmer: When a fresh servant comes and don't like the coup d'œil, And looks grim, Mrs. T. with the poker looks grimmer, And points to the kitchen with terrible smile. Should the new-comer feel on her functions a check, She's hauled through the hall by the scruff of the neck; And every thing's done that Christian minds twirl over, So Mrs. T. tells me, to make a good girl of her. Still no vision of permanent servants is dimmer, Than the prospect of Mrs Tisiphone Trimmer, Mr. T., when his wife talks of ill-dusted rooms, Says that, since he's so frequently "all mops and brooms" Why, instead of that nagging and constant abuse of him, Don't she save the expense of a help, and make use of him? Mrs, T. upon this, to show jokes gives her pleasure, Drinks his toddy, and grins like cats, natives of Cheshire. I'm afraid Mrs. Horn Was never born, To help a mistress all forlorn; I fear 'tis in vain, To expect Mrs. Main, Can get us a girl we a week can retain. As to Mr. Mailard, We must play by the card Or the slightest of hopes in that quarter are marr'd. Mrs. Elderton—perhaps Mrs. Benjamin, I don't know, I'm sure, and I don't understand, May be rich in such treasures, as homeward bound Indiamen, In spices and silks; but they ne'er brought to land Any treasures of servants to Millicent Bland. 