THE PANIC FLIGHT PROM' BULLS HUN. ' WR hove already extracted portions of Mir: Rus-, sell's reports of tfteaotion and panie- at BiuTs Rinr; near'Máuásiás'íPuñbtión; "The fi&llowingpaesages; have not yetjbeen re-published Here :- . 1 ? AB T: turned down into tho narrow road, or lane, . already. mentionedj. there was »¡forward naove ment among the largo four-wheeled ; tilt waggons, - whiclt>.raised a goodidtal of dust,. My attention was particularly callèd'to this by thB occurrence of a ffew minutes-afterwards, ll had mefe" roy friends on the road].and, after a ftnv words,.indo forward at . o long?trot as well as II could past the waggons and through the dust; when - BuddenJy there arose a tumult in front of" ruo at a small bridge across the- road, and then I'perceived'tbe drivers of a sot of* waggons with llie-horses tutmed ' towards me,.who wore endeavouring to force their j way against tho Btream of vohiolas- setting ia» thé ¡ other direction.. By. the side of the- now sob of ? waggons there were a number of oommissBrtat l men. and soldiers-,.wliom at first sigh* I toole to-be-' j the baggage-guard.. They looked . excitod and alarmed; and were running, by tihe- side of* the horses-in front: the «Tust quite obscuared tho view. A ti tho bridge the . cwrroots met in-wild disorder,. "?Tunvbaok fe Retreat £" shouted the-man frean.thi* front,Wo'io whipjped, wo'ro whipped 1'? They | oursodand'tuggediat the horses' Iteads, nndatrag- j gled with frenzy to- got past.1 Running by mo.om j foot was a man with tho shouldo-vstraps of au-ofii- i cor. "Pray,.what is the. mattes*: Sir?* '*It moans 1 wo-'ro pretty badly whipped,. and that's, a fact," he-blurted out in puffs, sod < continued his career. .1 observed that ho carried no sword. 'Hie -teamsters of the advanced i waggons, now. caught up the- cry. "-Tarni back-tuan« your horEosI*' was, the shout up tha-wholb' line,, and, backing, pinnging, rearing,' and lucking, the horses which, bod been proceeding dowa tho road roveraod front, and trent offtowards Centreville. Thoso behind'them went madly rushi&g;/nn, this' drivers, being quitoi indifferent!whether glory or dis- grace led tho woy, provided thoy could find it. In tho midstTofthis^oxtràôridinaryj'spàctàoloîan officer, escorted by somo dragdon?,, rodo through tho-ruck .with a light cart : in charge., ' Ariothoa officer on foot, with his sword uhdor his armaton tip against me. "What ÍB all thia ob ut?" "Why we're pretty ' badly whipped; We're all in retreat. Thbro's General' Tyler there" badly' wounded." And on, he ran; Tlwro j camé jet another, who. said, " Wo're bolton on nil point?. Tho whola army Is.ih retreat.* Still there was no flight of troops, no.. retreat , of an army, no'rrasin for all this precipitation. True, ibero were ' many '".'non,' ; in uniform flying.towards tho rear, but it did; not âlârgë Bâggftgê.xiâôoift." "ï got'my Tiôrse'np^nii I tho fiold but pf tke road, and went on rapidlyg towards the front. : Soon I met soldiers who.wore' I coming through tho corn,-mostly without arms; and presently I saw fii plooks, cooking tins,' knap- sack?, and grba'tcbatsbp' thc ground, bad bbseryed that tho ooo fusion and-spood of tho , baggage-car ls became greater, and that many of them ? wore crowded with men,,or wore 'followed . b¡jr' ótb'orsj who clung to them. The ambulance's wore crowded ' with rsoldnrp, hut it did not look as if there woro many wonndod. Negro servants on- led horses dashed frantically past ; men in uni'orm, whom it vero '..a disgraco to'tho profession bf; arms to colt ". soldiers," swarmed by on 'mules, chargo*, and oven draught horses which had bcon cut out of carts br waggons, and wont on , with, harness clinging to thoir hods, as; frightened as their riders. Men literally screamed with rage and fright when th. ir way was blocked - up. Ou. I rode, asking all ". What ,|B all this nbout?" 'and now and then, but rarely/receiving tho answer, "- Wo'ro whipped pr, .'" YWro repulsed." Faces black and dusty, tongues out in tho hei t, oyo? staring-it was a most wonderful sight." On they enmo liko him- . " -who having once lamed round goes on, And tunis no moro hU hoad, For ho knoircth that a fearful (¡ead : Doth close behind him (road.", , lint wlicro wrns ino nonet í I-IOOKOU in vain. Thcro was, indeed, some cannonading in front of ma nut] in 'hoir rear, Int still tho (iring was com.. poratively distant, and tho runaways wero far out of rango. As 1 advanced tho number of carts diminished, but tho mounted mon increased, and tho column of fugitives locarno douser. " A few buggies and light waggons filled with men, whose fnoes would have mndo up "a great Tioporcllo" in the ghost scone, tried to piorco tho rear of tho mass of cart!«, which wera now solidified nnd moving on Uko a glacier. I crossed a small ditch by the road-aide, got out on tho read to escapo soino analto fences, and, looking boforo me, saw thcro was aiill à crowd of men in uniforms coming along. 'J ho road was strewn with articles of olothing-firolo.ks, wnist-bolts, oartonch-boxos, caps, great conta, mes».tins, musical instrumbitB, cartridges, bayonets and. shonths, swords nud pistols-oven biscuits, wutor-bpttles and pjocos of meat. ,. .». . >ii * m » . * The sun was declining, nnd nomo 80 milos yot ro main«d to bo accomplished oro I could hopo to gain tho shelter, of Wi-shinglon.- No ono knew wliitli r any corps or rogimont was march ni,, hut thcro wero rumours of nil kinds-" Tho Oütli aro out to pieces ; " " Tho Fire Zount os aro destroyod, " nnd so on. .Presently a tremor riiu thronglt tho mon by whom I was riding, as tho sharp reports of some field-pieces rallied through tho wood close nt hnnd.. A sort of subdued roar, likc.llio voice of distant breakors, roso in front of us, and tho soldier.-, who wero 1 think, Gcrmnns, broke into a double, looking now and then over their 8liouldcrs. 'lhere wan no choico for mo but to resign any further researches. Tho mail from Washington for tho Wouncsday steamer nt Boston leaves U Ü.ÍÍÓ on Mondny, and so 1 put my horso into a trot, liecplng in tito Holds nlongsido tho roads its much as I could, 'o avoid tho fug t'v. s, till I eanio once moro on tho roar of tho bnggago und store carts, «nd - tho ' pressure of .thp crowd/ who, conscious of (ho hld which tho vi hielos would t fiord thew ogainet a caytjlvy eboige- and foorful, aevrrtheles?, of tbeíf proxirntty, clamour"*)! and efcontod rift* madmen car they ran. The road'-was I now literally covered wfltt'baggage.- It secmad to ! me as if the men inside were throwing the tilings ¡out purposely. "Stop,""cried11 to the driveaof ¡ono of the carte,- ».*everything is falling _out. " j " -yon; " shouted a feHbw inside, " if you i'aïôp~~"Knir"."I'II blow-your - brains out.?' My a<tempts to1 savo Uncle Sam's -psoperty were then and äjöre; discontinued.. On approaahing Centreville a'body of German in- fantry of rite reserva-cama marching down and stemmed thc current itt some dsgreo ; they were followed by a* brigade ofguns aud'anothcr battalion pf,fresh troopov I turned up on-tho hill haifa mile Beyond.- Tho vehicles bad'aWeft bat two my buggy was gone. A battery offlèld guns was in position where we had been > ständi g. The j men looked well. As yet? there was nothing to indicote-cnoro then a retreat and some ill-bchávióur among the waggoners and the riffîoiFbf different I-regimentó. GentrTvillé was- not a Bad' position ¡properly - occupied,. and -I - saw no reason why it ; should not be hold if it wao*meant to'renew tho .attack, nor any reaoon why tho attaclrshouîi not ibe; renewed,' if there had beor» any w%- it s&o-uld; Batía boen made I swept the field once rr.orc. :Tlie cloud^of dust weTO dúnserand nearer;. That waa alli"' Tbero waa-no firings-no ? musketry. .1 turned my horse's head, and rode away throBigh the village, and after I got out upon tbé roatí the same 'confusion seemed to prevMK Suddl'ttly the guns, on the bill opened, and' at the same time carne the thuds of artillery from thc woods on tho "rigbt rear. The stampede then became-general.. Wliat occurred np tho-hill I ramot Bny¿.. bot all tho road fr.ira.Centreville for'milcs presented such a sight as can only bo vritnessed in. trie track of the rnrinways- of an utterly demoralized1 army, o o ». o- * Again I ventured' tc- spoak to some officers whom I overtook,-and said, "If these runaways-aro. not stopped trie whole of the posts-nud picifets into Washington-will ITy also !" Ono of thom,' without saying'a . word? spurred his horse and dashed ;o'n in-front; I do> not know whether ho ?.ordered the ' movement; er not, but the van of'the, fugitivos- was-now soddenly cheeked,, and? pressing' on through* the-. wood at tho- roadside*. T saw- a-regiment-of infantry blocking'up:the--'way, with, their-'front towards Centrevillo. A. musket was levelled' at rwy head ns I pushed' lo-the front :-" Stop¿» or I'll firo." At tlte sàmoj time the oirtsors were slio»ting out; *' Don't; let ai soul pasrh'' I' addressed! one 'of them»and i said,', " Sir I I am a British subject, I am not, .Iiassure yon, running-a wayt. Iltavc done j my best-to stop this disgraceful rout (as I had), and h av» been- telling them-.there aro no cavalry witbin>mU09-.of- thom."' ;I' oar*'t- lot yon pasa,J Sir !"'. I| bethought rae- of' General lott's pass». The- adjutant road it», and' the- word was give», along/tho- Bne, ** Let that- man» pass !" and so-Ii rodo-, through, uncertain, if I could »ow gain tik> Long-Bridge, in 'tiin».to pass, over without the countersign. It;waa about thi&tirno;ï met a cart by the roadside surrounded by a< group of soldWrs. soma- of whom hací " 69" on their caps; The ownor¿ae¡X took him.to bc,, was. in great distress, and« cried out as I passed, " San you tell mp»,Sir, where »ho 69th*aro?' These-mm soy they nie. cut to-pioces." " I canlt toll yo»." " I'm" in charge of th© mails, Sirj and11 will deliver thom if l'dio I foo it." You arc a gentleman and I ran depond orv your word. Is.it safe for mo to go on.?? :Not knowing tho_ext«nt of thfrdelxtcle, L assured him. it ,waB, and asked- tho raen of tho regiment bow they happened to-bo Útero. " Shuro, the Oolon»ll himself told u&to.goof;ïavery man on his own hook, nnu to fly .for our lives,,'* replied one of them. The mail agent, who told mo ho was'an Englishman* startod the cart again. ; I sincerely hopo no bad' result to himself or his chargo followed my advice, leached Fairfax Court-house; the people, blaok and.the infantry'.were, undor arms.. Îwaa'fceâegwi with quo3tionB, though hundreds of fugitives had passed through"; before mo» At ono house [, stopped to ask ''for Water for my horse; .tho , owner sent bis servant for it cheerfully, the very house where wo had in vain naked/Tor^ something to cot in the forenoon. "There's a fright'among thom,'1 I observed; in reply to his,question respecting tho commissariat drivers. "1 hoy're afraid of tho enemy's cavalry." "Are yon nn American ?"said the man.' " No,l 'am hot." " Well, thon," ho said " there will bo cavalry on them soon enough. ? -There's 20,000 of the host horsemen In'tho- world in Virginny !" Washington waa still- la miles away. Tho road was rough aud hnccrtmn, and again my poor s'eed was-undor-way-;-but it was no.uso trying to out- strip tho runaways, Onco or twice I imagined 1 heard guns in thc rear, but I could not bo suro of ¡t in consequence of tho roar of tho flight behind me. It was most surprising to seo how far tho foot soldiorsihad contrived to .got on in advance. After sunset the moon rose, and amid other ac- quaintances T jogged alongside an officer who was in chargo of Colonol Iluntor, tho commander of a brigado, I believe, who waa shot through tho nock, and was inside a cart, escorted by a few trooper*. .This officer was, ns I understand, the major or second in command of Colonol Hunter's rcgimon', yot ho had considered it right to talco charge of bis chief, and to loavo his battalion. Ho said tlioy had driven hack the enemy with ease, but had not boon supportod, and blamed ns bad i fficcrs and good ones will do-tho oondnot of tho Gcnoral :-" So mean n fight I ncversaw." I was r.. minded bf n .Crimean General who made m nil merry by saying aftor tho first bombard mont, " lu tho wholo cotirso of my oxpericnoo I ncvor saw ii siego annduotod on such principles ns those.V ; Our frioiul had boon without food, but not, T suspect, without drink --nnd that, wo know, nfleots ompty stomachs very muoh-'-sinco 2 o'clock that morning. Now, what is to bo thought of an oflloer-gillont, he; may - - bo, ns steel-who says, .na I heard this gontlcman say to a piokct who asked him how tho day went In front, ," Well, we've beoh licked into n cookúd list j knooketl to,--Thls'wos hisbry tb team- sters, escorts, convoys, theoffioors, and mon on guard nnd dotnahmont, whllo 1, ignorant of tho disaster bohind, tried to mollify tho cflcct of tho nows by adding, " Oh, it's a drawn battle., Tho troops' nro re-occupying tho position from wh'oh they 6tnr(od in tho morning.'' Perhaps ho know his1 troops bolter than I did. It was a strango rido, through a country now still as,doath,. Iho whito road ^tining like a river In tho moonlight, tho trocs black ns ebony in tho shado ; now and then! a figuro flitting by into tho forost or across tho road-frightened friond or lu king f</o, who coiild say? Thon tho anxious pickots and sentries nil asking, " Wlmt's tho nows 1" and tvidently pre- pared for nny amount of lons. Twi.o or thrice wo l ist our way, or our cortainty about It, nnd shouted nt isolated housos, nnd rcccolvod no re- ply, except from angry watch dogs. Then wo woro fot right as wo npproaohed Washington by tonmsfrrs. For an hour, however, wo saomod to bo tiavolling nlong n rostl whlbli, in nil its points' far mid roar, wat "12 milos from tho Long Bridge." Up hilto, down into vnlloys, with tito! silent grim wood for ever by our sidos, Now and then in thc profound gloom, broken only hy tv ""H from Uto bnrse/g Uor/f, cumo t\ du.lj fnr,iU ¡liar sound Ulfe» tho shafting of a distant door." As- I approached Washington, Having left' the colonel and hi» escort at some seven miles on the south tide of tÄ3 Long Bridge, T found the grand ' igusrfs, pickets' posts, and individual sentries bara* jingfornews, and the word used'to pass along "What ¡does that man sayr Jack ? '' " Bcgo-ra, he teller ¡me verYe not hot at all- only retracting to tho ould lines for convaaieooy of fighting to-morrow ¡again; Oh, thatB iligant I " On'getting to the tete \di povtrhó\vavor, thc» countersign 'was demanded ; .of course-, I had not' got it. But the officer 'passed ms-through on-tho production of General Scott's safeguard.' The lights of tire city were in eight, ondVeflecled on tho waters^oPthe Pitomao, just'glistened by the clouded moon, shone the gay lamps of the White House, where the Presi- dent'was p»>e>b*bly pnrtftrtaining some friends. Ineilönco I passed uv. r s1*» Long- Bridge. Some few hbura-later it quivered1 under the steps of a rabble of unarmed men. At the Washington ond a regiment with piled arra»-were waiting to cross over-into Virginia, .singing: and cheering.' Before; the morning they received^ orders, I : believe, to assist in keeping--Marylands quiet. For the hun- dredth time 1 repeated the caution»-account, which'to tho- .best of my Knowledge- waa true. There were men, women, and soldierato- hear it. The- clocks hadtjiust struck¿íl¡ p.m¡' asl passed Wiiferd'sl ., Tho« pavoment in front of» tfto ball was- crowded.- ' ; The rumours*«f .' defeat hàdi como in, but"'few of'the. many who had been fed lipon lio3 and' thb reports- ef ' completa - vktory which', prevaifàtl could credit the intelligence. Soven - hours . hod!'1 not elapsed ' before-tbe streets toldithé story. The " Grand! Array of the-North," as it »was callectythod representatives in-every tho- roughfare, witbottt<a>ms, orders,-or. oiEconst stend ing.ont in the-drenehing rein. . 'When «all thase most-unaccountable phenomesa .'Wore* occuring I wa» fast > asleep* but I could-seavco cradifr rn; in- formant in the-morning, whom hè told rae tiiat the FcrJoralistsj utterly routed, hod 'fallen-back upon Arlington to defend the capita}, leaving: nearly /ive bafterios- of antillery, 8000 muskets, an immense quantity ; of stores-and baggage, and their» wounded an<í'pr¡Bonero4rt the bands cß tho enemy I' Lot tho American journal»--toll the-ßtory their cwnway. I<ha<ve told min» ns. I kliow4t» . General. M'Do well's official report of1 the» battle si Bu l's Rna, gi veo a total list of lSroffice» and 468 men kKïodl* 6t ofliccrs oad 947 ,men wounded ; 40 officers-and) 1176 men missing. A tr the Bull's Hun battlo- tho Artillery loni was 6> ariñddi pieces of CompanyiD j ; 6 Parrott lOipouudeis-of Company 3, .1st ArtiHbry ; 2 rifled cannon anàiâ- howitzors of Company* E, 2d Artillery ; cannon, 5th Artillery u I 3f)i-poUndör Barrott-ga n> Company G, 1 st i Artillery ; 5 pieceo.Rhode- Island battery ; also. lOQ&oxca; cartridges ; 87/boxes-rifled canoon ammunitions 50 boxes old firiearmo-* 13 loaded, provision, waggons ; 30©û !bushela.oP oats ; 250Ü muskets-;-8000 knapsacks- andibloqfcets. 