CURIOUS MANUSCRIPT CONCERNING WESTMINSTER ABBEY. ' - ? . {Irom'tiït Illuttrated London NtuitA < I A RXMÀUKABMs bia MS. relating' ;to the history and ' privileges of Westminster Abbey is, or -was a few yeats ago, in the possession of the Right Hon. Lord MasBeiene. It forms atoll eleven feet and aihalf in length; consisting of six pieces of ; parchment, nearly five inches wide, ot sides an additional piece, evidently intended as a protecting covering to the rest. , , The^first is a Latin legend, relating to the miraculous consécration of the church by the ghost of the Apostle Peter.'J The second is ah' English translation of the kgehdï : It telU;that when Egbert, King of Kent, 'was'converted to Christianity by the preaching of St. Augustine, he built a church in honour of St. Paul in /the . city of ' London, and. that his .nephew, then King of Essex, did make" 'and ? found'; a ñóble minister' in honour'.cl Sti Pe^er. in the west ' part of the ''same city, outside 'the walls. ' It goes on to relate : thst the night before the1 ;public consecration St. ; .Peter, appeared in the guise of a pilgrim on the oppo- site side of- the . River Thames to a fisherman, whom ' his'persuaded to ferry him, over ; 'ihat' the Apostle, havingls'rided; proceeded to ',the church; which, was immediately filled with supernatural'light,' and holy angels, and i heavenly music; When SW Peter xe tinned to the boat after the solemnity was over, ho directed the fisherman to let down his net for a draught, arid, à goodly number being inclosed, he directed that the salmon should be presented to the Bishop, arid permitted the fisherman to have all the rest for his' own reward ; after which the Apostle vanished. : T^, nex^ntonting,, the Bishop having -heard the fisherman's account of the events of the night, fouridùt confirmed on going into the church by vanous tbterisj'as the pavement being marked with Utters of tW Alphabet,,; and the wall ,anointed, with oU m .twelve ipMces. It is added that all tJie| succes SOTS bf the fisherman in time to come, fully believing ; the miracle.(paid tithes of their fish to the' minister. The third document, bearing the title of." 'Privi- legia. WestjoDinsteriic,''- embodies a canon bf ' St. Dunstan Archbishop of Canterbury, in synod assem- bled with Oswold of York, Alphegrie bf VVihcheister, and the other Bishops of England. By this docu- ment the Prelates excommunicate all offenders against ' the Chuich of St; Peter at Westminster ; that is, all ?who ehall remove, disturb, conceal, or attempt to seize ,the possessions, renU,. tithes, or property of whatever sort that have-been bestowed by the.'faith. ..fol on the nunater and its monks, or .who shall un- justly molest the. monks, or shall Imve conspired to .carry off .the things given and bequeathed tb the said . church,', br shell-have presumed to remove anything, . however smelly from it, br »hall Tiave violated any of its privileges, or shall: have consented "tb;the same. All such persons are by this canon given over to eternal flames' ; the gates of heaven are closed against them ; their names . are to be blotted''from the book of-life ; their portion is to be with Judas, the traitor, and the earth is to swallow thein up,-as it swallowed Dathan..:. " But if any persons, shall better - or increase the aforesaid church of Westminster in lands, tents, tithes, or other things," they aie to have the blessedness; of eternal,-lile'; ' and, being absolved from ail theiisins, are to abide happily-in the prayer« and benediction» of these worthy. Prelates. ThVreti . ficátionjof thui sentence: by several Popes' is added. . The fout'th : document is à charter of Edward the Martyr, King bf England, in which,' after stating that he has reneged and honoured the Church of St. Peter at Westminster, he. proceeds to ordain and establish -that whatever - fuRiUve shaU íri hisI flight jenter that holy place, shall obtain f'impunity of limbs and life.*' The King, moreover, prohibits all 'officers of -the Crown from iriterferirig with its lands < ^ possessions, and: confirms all its; previous privi- leges and liberties. '. ;''...'.-'"/'. ?.<".. -. : ". ï The fifth document isbut à froment, and consists ;;of arguments apparently. tb be: used] by counsel, in ¿soase cause tb be heard by Henry IV. in / council, re- lating to th'e right bf sanctuary granted by the fore %^%^^xAMyfH^^ii^jt.t Thia document and rt.queias passages from two othbi chaW¿A which are no» embodied in this roll,. It m ihferredTttat this %¿Mh tbe^th^énth : ^ or others corresponding with them, were a&uallj; used in ' a suit between-tbe monks of Westminster Abbey ' .arid the Incumbent bf 'the parish of Rotherhithe, re- specting the tithe bf fish caught m the*irryer, The mcuabent claimed in virtue of his common law righA as parson of the place ; but the raxmhv pleaded tta donation of C^^er^aA,'H''^-)n^M«bK^ó the fisherman'; on the ceventful'.'rugh«;bf ihe:vn^raiculouè ceiisecration. , Th* suit waVcompromise^and from, -'that .; time' the; incumbent 'received' 'the'tfcentieth 18^i^'^'^^^^'^'t^^'^'7rt pai" 