PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. c VOICES OF OUR NIGHTS. SUBMITTED TO THE AMERICAN POET, BY Mil. WROVfll'l-l 1 twu I heard the feline footsteps in the night Pad through the court and hall ! I saw the sable wretch in the moon's lMit Climb Mrs. Coxe's wall. I felt her (that I did— rm sure I'm right !) Step o'er me just above; AVith shrill pathetic mewings through the night, As of a cat in love. I heard the sounds of passion and of fight, The caterwauling chimes, That fill each attic chamber in the night, Where some starved poet rhymes. My nightcapped head in the cool midnight air Sought vainly some repose : The echo of perpetual squalls rose there— From the new cistern rose. Peace, peace ! Orestes-like I breathe this prayer ; Descend, you green-eyed fright! I hate, while thus you screech and spit and swear, The cat-infested night ! A POSER. Precocious Pupil—' Please, Miss Jones, what is the meaning of suburbs?' Governess (who is extensively crinolined)— ' The outskirts of a place, my dear.' Pupil (seizing Miss J. by the dress)— ' Then, Miss Jones, are these your suburbs;' IN'K, BLOOD, AM) TEARS. (THE TAKING OF FORT SUMTEK.) A 40-hours' bombardment : Great guns throwing Their iron hail; shellstheirmad mines exploding; Furnaces lighted; shot at red heat glowing; Shore- batt'riesandfortarmamentnring,loading— War's visible hell let loose for 40 hours, And all her devils free to use their powers— And yet not one man hit, her flag when Sumter lowers. 'Oh, here's a theme!' quoth Punch, of brag abhorrent, ' 'Twixt promise and performance rare propor tion ! This show-cloth of live lions giving warrant. Masking sonic mangy, stunted, stuffed abortion ; ['nest1 gorgeous covers lading empty dishes. These whale-like antics among little fishes Here is the very stuff to meet my dearest wishes. ' What ringing on each change on brag and bluster! ^ These figures huge of speech, summed in a zero ; This war march, ushering iu Bombastes' muster; This entry of Tom Thumb, armed like a hero. Of all great cries e'er raised o'er little wool, Of all big bubbles by fools' breath filled full. Sure here's the greatest yet, and emptiest, for John Bull. 'John always thought Jonathan, Jiis young brother. A little of a bully; said he swaggered : But in all change of chaff with one another, Nor John nor Jonathan was e'er called laggard. But now, if John mayn't Jonathan style coward, He may hint stripes and stars were better lowered From that tall height to which, till now, their flag stall' towered. Punch nibbed his pen, all jubilant, for galling— When suddenly a weight weighed down the feather, And a red liquid, drop by drop, slow falling. Came from the nib, ami the drops rolled together. And steamed, and smoked, and sung— 'Not ink, but blood, Drops now, but soon to swell into a flood. Perchance e'er summer's leaf has burst spring's guarding bud. ' Blood by a brother's hand drawn from a brother, And thev by whom 'tis ta'en, by whom 'tis given, Are both the children of an English mother; Once with that mother, in her wrath, they've striven. Was't not enough, that parricidal jar. But they must now meet in fraternal war! If such strife draw no blood shall England scoff therefore? ' If she will laugh through tliee her chartered wi , Use thou no ink wherewith to pen thy scoff; We'll find a liquor for thy pen more lit— We, blood-drops— see how smartly thou'it round off Point, pun, and paragraph iu this new way ; Till men shall read and laugh, and laughing, say, 'Well thrust! Punch is in vein; 'tis his red-letter day.' ' The weight sat on my quill ; I could not write ; The red drops clustered to my pen in vain; I had my theme— 'Brothers that meet in fight. Yet shed no blood!'— my jesting mood turned pain. I thought of all that civil love endears, That civil strife breaks up anil rends and sears. And lo, the blood-drops in my pen were changed to tears! And for the hoarse tongues that those bloody gouts Had found, or seemed to find, upon my ears, Came nj; a gentle song in linked bouts, Of long- drawn sweetness— pity breathed through tears. And thus they sang— ''Twas not by chance, Still less by fraud or fear, That Sumter' s battle came and closed, Nor cost the world a tear, 'Twas not that Northern hearts were weak, ( -r Southern courage cold. That shell and shot fell banning not A man on shore or hold. 'It was th.it all their ghosts who lived To love the realm they made, Came Meeting so athwait the fire, That shot and shell were staved. Washington with his sad still lace, Franklin with silver hair, Lincoln and Putnam, Allan, Gates, And gallant Wayne were there. 'With those who ro.se at Boston, At Philadelphia met; Whose grave eyes saw the Union's seal To their first charter set. Adams and Jay, and Henry, Roiitledge ;uid Randolph, too— Ami many a name their country's fame Hath sealed, brave, wise, ami true. ' An awful host— above the coast, About the fort they hung; Sad faces pale, too proud to wail, But with sore anguish wrung. And Faith and Truth, and Love and Ruth, Hovered the battle o'er. Hind' ring the shot, that freight of death Between those brothers bore. ' And thus it happed, by God's good grace, And those good spirits' band. That Death forbore the leagucr'd place. The battery-guarded strand. Thanks unto Heaven 011 bended knee. Not scoff from mocking scorn, Befits us, that to bloodless end A strife like this is borne!' HARDNESS --f THE TIMES. Swell out of luck— What do you charge for blacking a gentleman's boots ? One of the Polish Brigade— Never more than a penny, Sir. Swell -A penny, eh? Well, youngster, since there arc two hoots, that's a halfpenny a boot, 1 suppose— isn't it.' Shoeblack (proud of displaying his arithmetic)— In course it is. Sir. Swell— Well, then, black my right boot— I've only got a halfpenny. ? A SIMILARITY WITH A VERY GKKAT DIFFERENCE. The Queen has recently Ixjen sojourning at the White Lodge, Richmond. The usual place of habitation of the President of the United States is, as our readers know, the White House, Wash ington. Though the two abodes have a similarity of sound in their names, how different must be the feelings of those who at the present moment inhabit them! In the White Lodge, there is com fort, ease, repose, mutual love and confidence, and itin fit ?.nnrniL-f i'AUl'iI i\f ^-iiiM l»*l + \\* ? 1M tflfl W? II 1 1 (* House, there must be anxiety, bustle, intrigue, suspicion, feverish agitation, and the constant dread of rebels invading the sanctity of the thres hold. The inmate of the one is as safe as though she werein Windsor Castle ; the inmate of the other cannot surely divest his mind of certain^ fears that there is a very strong chance of his lieing turned out, though for ourselves ive cherish the hope that old Abe Lincoln will long remain in. The resem blance of the two names has made us allude to the difference of feelings that we fancy must just now be resilient in the two places. White and black could not l-e more different— in fact, it is all the difference between liberty and slavery. THE RETURN FROM SYRIA. The national air of France under the Empire has been Partant pour la Syrk. The full signi fication of the fondness of our allies for this song was never apparent till now, when, having gone to Syria, and promised to quit it at the proper time, tliey seem to object very much to being as good as their word. JOKE FOKJOHNN'Y HAW. I zee a creetur at a fair. As did astonish me uncommon ; The veaceon't was a hog's, shaved bare; All downards a wiis like a 'ooiuan. The Pig-faced Lady she wur called; And when the Showman told us that, 'I say, you Mister,' out I bawleiL ' Thee put her on a Pork Pie Hat !' AX IMPERIAL E.VKAGED MUSICIAN. The Emperor of Austria would not mind Kos suth's striking false notes if they were not likely to create discord in Hungary. FORCE OF HABIT. (A tableau for family people only.) Adolphus, George, and Louisa are playing in Kensington Gardens— to them the family doctor unexpectedly appears. A., and G., and L. go through the expressive pantomime of putting out their tongues as a matter of course. JIGS FOR GENTS. A fellow actually advertises Yelverton Waltzes. A Yelverton waltz, we suppose, is a value a deux damcx. We have not even heard these waltzes, and therefore are unable to say if the vileness of the music corresponds to the oflensiveness of their title. Of course we have not seen them danced, because to do that we should have had to mingle with the mos.t awful of snobs, and descend into the most horrible abysses of disgusting black guardism. SHOCKING OBJECTS OF CHARITY. The Education Commissioners have recom mended the discontinuance, in charity schools, of 'grotesque peculiarities of costume.' In a school, founded in 1689, for poor boys born in Cripplegate, the coat i3 red, and the breeches are —not blue, like the devil's; no, but the3r, and the shoes and stockings, used to be orange ; wherefore the boys were nicknamed yellow-hammers. The rector of the parish Is said to desire the main tenance of this dress, lieiiiff of opinion that any objection to it is ovenveighed ' by its picturesque appearance in church, and by the fact that it is a visible commemoration of a great event in na tional history.'' The treasure of Christ's Hospital is for retaining the inexpressibly ridiculous cos tume of that charity, on the ground that it identi fies the boys, and ensures them protection in the streets. It ensures the poor lwys derision if not insult in the streets ; ami we should like to see its advocate himself dressed up in it, and forced to walk from Newgate to Apsley House, and back again. We should also like to have the parson above alluded to rigged out in the Cripplegate uni form, and obliged to make a picturesque appear ance in church. Then we should like to have the reverend gentleman, and the other, put into a pound along with a donkey for a certain time, during which the spectators might compare those A Phonetic Translation.— A sporting Somersetshire fanner, who had been welcome! one morning at the mansion, stalked up to the fireplace, over which he observed the well-known motto Pro aruet foci*,' (for our religion and firesides). 'Ah! Squire' exclaimed the honest veomarL I see you be all for the am and foxes The Slave Trade.— Intelligence has wen received from Nassau. Bahamas, to the effect ,nat one of the smaller and remoter islands of that :olony was m December, I860, visited by the cap Jim and xrew of a slaver, who had been wrecked -n a neighbouring reef, and who, after forcing the cccpers of the English lighthouse to assist tliem in disembarking 500 African slaves, obtained (kis session of a colonial schooner, in which they tailed to the opposite coast of Cuba, where tliey irocured a large vessel, which returned with them, ind carried off the living cargo before the force vhich the Governor, on hearing the intelligence, lad dispatched to their rescue could arrive. It is vorthy of note that 400 slaves were wrecked off mother of these islands in August last ; and that m\i i' an exPloring party sent by the Governor n May last discovered a barracoon in which there vas every appearance of slaves having been went ly kept while waiting for an opportunity of leportatiun to Cuba.-/-,n7y Newt. English Liuekality.— We can bear -ur willing testimony to the almost profligate lberahty of the British public. Thev will go to mythmg whatever. More than once we have had o regret they have followed a hint of ours rather 00 freely. It is evident that there are many housands of good people very anxious for an wcasion to do a good deed which shall not be 11 polish one. What will people not give to I Let nree men of ordinary talents and ordinary iharacter announce that thev are going to Tim mctop to convert the King and his people ind they will easily raise 5(1,000/. There is not a iliore, not an island, not a remote valley in the vorld, where we are not supporting on one pre ence or another some jolly fellow in much carnal iase and well-doing. At home it cannot he said hat people are so wedded to any one system, or so atisfied with the results, as to lie prejudiced induly against any other. There is not much dis nclination to novelties in this country; at least, f there he in some quarters, there is all the less iu ithers As we have said, there is money enough, ind philanthropy enough, and a good deal of re igion.— Times. Tite Southern* States of America. — The fortifications on the southern -coast arede cribed as follows :— There are along the coast of he slave States, from Baltimore to Barratarin ky, Louisiana, 2J' fortifications that cost the 'overninent $1 'j.OUU.OUO. They contain more than ^000 cannon. This is a good outfit for the Southern evolutionists, added to their ample supply of mall arms at the arsenals and armouries, which iad an increase of :fc!5,000 within 12 months. In ddition there are incomplete works at Ship Island, lississippi Kiver; Georgetown, South Carolina; 'ypee Islands, Port Koval Knads, South Carolina; Vpee Island, Savannah; Galveston, Urazoa, San iago, and Matagorda Bay, Texas. The guns which .?ere lately stopped at Pittsburg were designed for hose at Galveston and Ship Island. Hampton toads is the great naval depot station and rendux ous of the bouthern coasts, and the onlv good midsteiid on the Atlantic south of the Delaware. Ynsaeola is very strong, and the only good bar -our for vessels of wur, and the only naval depot in the gulf. The fortresses at Key West andTortu :as, on the southern point of Florida, nre among he most powerful in the world, and every vessel hat crosses the gulf passes within sight nfWh.' Imi'uovemexts in Paris. — The works or the embellishment of the Bois de Vincennes, ihicli had been suspended during the bad weather, lave been resumed on a grand scale, and numerous hanges have I wen made in the original plan. Two mt of the three islands in the Lake of St. Alandc lave been removed, and the extent of water con equently increased. The decorations of the sides -f this piece of water are also being changed. On he limit of the wood on the side of St. Mando a ertain extent of ground has been sold, the pur ihasers being bound to build villas with gnrueus in the park. Several of these houses have been dreadv built, and the space of ground has been ikirted by a handsome iron railing. The Park of Vincennes is to be enlarged on the right by all the ipace comprised between the present limit of the vood, the glacis of the fortifications of the Picpun 'ate, the road from Paris to Cliarenton, and a fino Irawn from the elbow of that road as far us tho Vsyluni for Convalescent Workip.cn. That largo space, which will form a square nearly as large as he Champ de Mars, will have lakes, chalets, slands, clumps of shrubs, and grass plots. Tho liois de Vincennes will bo subject to the same wir -eillance for keeping it in proper condition as tho Bois de Boulogne. Thk Skuuct of Fkknch Wealth. — iYWondeiifulStouv.— The- iXcw York Herald s responsible for the following 'tale of mystery and ?oniance:1'— ' A gold-Held, more prolific than hose of either shore of the Pai-itu1, and worked vith greater secrecy than the Russian mines in \sia. has been onenetl by France, and steadily leveloped for the last six years. Acting under the suggestion of an American citizen (Mr. Parish), Louis Napoleon sent a secret expedition of i:t ?sssels and 2,500 men to the before-neglected rolony of Senegal. From that time the progress -f the French rule ami French enterprise in Africa las been rapid and remarkable. Algeria has Tossed the desert of Sahara and li 1 iked its posts vith those of the advancing colony of Seuegumbia. ['lie British Hag has been bought oil' from 11 largo lortion of the western coast of Africa, mid the .''rench tricolour has been planted in Abyssinia. The new colonial region has been separated from he colonial system of the empire, and plim-d mde-r the immediate presidency of Napoleon, s'imierous institutions and ollices have been rented, which have no ostensible results, and yet heir ollicers attain frequent rewards aud proiuo ion. Why is this/ It is because Louis Napoleon is ecrctly working hundreds nf thousands of African laves in the new gold-lieMs of Africa, deriving herefrom not only the means for cxtcnd'nii; his iinpire on that continent, but also the resources 11 supply Hie immense working of the French iiint, and to give life and energy to his vast xilitinil schemes. In these revelations we rjay ind also the secret (if his .slcelclad .ships, Ins ?tt'orts to change the balance of power in tlui iluditcrranean, his creation of a nary to surpass 11 numbers and efficiency that of kiiKlaiid, hid edulous cultivation of an' African policv that has leeu constantly 11 puzzle to h'urnpc, ami tho caro rith which Algeria is fostered. A war with Eng iind would cut nfl'liiH Atlantic route to the Senegal old region, and hence the path he is opening rith artesian wells across the dissert of Sahara. A uw years' continuance of the immense supply of ;old he has been drawing from his new African uisscssinns will enable him to realize even the Ireams of Europe, and make his reign the Augu.s aneraof the French empire. It is well known that ?'ranee is steadily pursuing its project of reoccupy iiLjt, he negro empire of Hayti, and Spam is at thiN Moment engaged in re-establishing her rule in the Joiuiuican republic. She has already sent a corps )f active and energetic ollicers to St. Domingo, vhere they have entered the service of the republic, mil established a newspaper; and from llavanua, ve are informed that many persons there believo hat the large expedition, ostensibly being pre »ared tn operate in Mexico, is really intended for it. Domingo.' Wakes of Lauouukks in England. — ? Parliament hits just published a curious document llustnitive of the pecuniary position of the Eng lish labourer. It is a return from the Chairman of ?acli Hoard of Guardians in England of the wages 11 money or in kind paid in his district at different jieriods of the year. From this it aiipcarB that the iverage rate of wages in England for an uble milicd hibouier is still about Us. a week, or about lalf the wages of a moderately skilful artisan This rate rises in places, as Mnrpcth, to his. 11 iveek, but this amount is not paid in money; the abourur has only (is. cash, but he is allowed house, mil garden, extras while delivering farm produce, .he keep of a pig in summer, and ailvantat/en sup posed by the Chairman to be worth that amount 111 ;ill. Chairmen of Guardians, however, have liberal ideas mi the money value of the .sununer'fl food of a pig, and no tendency fo believe their own labourers badly nil'. In Kendal the men get 15s. a week in cash, as tfiey do likewise in Settle (West Hiding) and Melton Mowbniy. The rate declines, however, us we go south. In r'sBcx it may Iw taken at 11s. a week, in Sussex at 12s., in South ampton lls., in Hertfordshire 10s.. while in Wills and Dorset it is quoted at !-s., and in Devonshire (Axminster) at Ks. The Chairman of this union adds in a note that many able-bodied labourers' state their earnings all the year round at barely 7h. a week. In these counties, too, it is reniarked that an allowance nf beer or milk is not general, uml only the carters have rent-free cottages. The re mainder pay out of 8a. Is. (Id. a week for rent. From Warchaiu and Purbeck (Dorset), the Chair man returns that wages and 'othur privileges vary with individual dispositions; thu IfilxiurerH. we presume, getting charity instead of justice. 'Jftiese counties are decidedly tho worst o/J' but in parts of Berkshire labour rules nearly us low, There are still some special customs iu remote districts oh to payment. In IJiirton-ou-Trcnt (Staffordshire), for example, it i.s a custom to give the labourer 7h a week and his mainU:naiice for nine months, iilii! 10s. a week and his maintenance for thu other three. This amounts altogether to a liberal rate. In ( ilcndale (Northumberland) labourers are almost entirely paid in kind— a practice which prevails through almost all the less civilized districts of the] north. In Westmoreland (East Ward) thu work i-! done by servants who live with their mastery and the Vice- Chairman nf the lioard of Guardians \r\ ( 'aermarthen thus explains a similar practice :— ' Labourers are scarce and dear. We could, no doubt, gctlalwurersfor IO3. a week, provided work was found for them all thu yuar, nut this would not answer. I should observe that most of tho farmers throughout the four districts chiefly de ploy single men and women as servants for oflG year, hired at fairs with but little regard to cha racter; men from XL to 18/.; lmyK. (''. \p HI.; women, from 4/. 10s. to 7/. ; girls, 21. to 41. per annum, l-oardcd and lodged at the farmer's ex pense; diet, name as I mentioned in mv last letter to you respecting casual labourers fed oy the farmer. This will explain why in Wales labour is high and scarce. Most of the young men as soon as they marry leave their neiKhlwurJiood anq settle near the larue iron and coal districts Merthyr, Aberdarc, Llanclly, tec., and in lecking for an explanation of this the invariable answer is, we have no ready cash to pay the labourer weekly wages. They only work from 0 to 0 o'clock, and in winter not so much, daylight to dark, and we want them for the cattle and horses till 8 o'clock ; and though, on the whole, men servants are more expensive than labourers and not so skilful , Htill we prefer servants by the year. In other words*/ even 10s. a week is wealth too great for a Welsh cultivator.' In Cumberland, also, the work is done by servants hired by the half-year, at rates' varying' from 157. to 20'. a year with food. .Witty, if not True. — An. old author, who wrote when our great grandfathers were boyB, says:— 'Womankind are carried away with every thing that is showy, and with what delights the eye more than other species of living creature whatsoever.' He then illustrates his theory by the following lau«liable anecdote :— Mrs. Margery Bickerstaff; my great aunt (says our old author), had a thousand pounds to her portion, which our family were desirous of keeping among themselve«, and therefore used all possible means to turn off her thoughts from marriage. The method they took was in any time of danger tf- throw a new gown or petticoat in her way. When she wan about 25 years of age she fell in love with a man of an agreeable temper and eimal fortune, and would certainly have married him had not my grand father, Sir Jacob, dressed her up in a suit of flowered satin, upon which she set so immoderate a value upon herself that the lover was contemned and discarded. In the 40th year of her age she was again smitten, but very luckily transferred her passion to a tippet, which was presented to her by another relation who was in the plot. This, witn a white sarsanet hood, kept her safe in the family until 50. About 150, which generally produces a kind of latter spring in amorous constitutions, mv aunt Margery had again a colt's tooth in her head, and would certainly have eloped from the mansion hoifte had not her brother Simon, who 1 was a wise man and a scholar, advised to dress her in cherry Sloured ribbons, which was the only expedient which could have been found out by the wit of man to preserve the thousand pounds m our fa. mUy, part of which I enjoy at this time. 