. " S3 THE EDITCB OF THE BMMItE.' . SIR-In your number of to-day, n touching story appears under the head of'fTbo Dying Mother and Iltr B<bfV' from Footfalls on". </t« Boundary of Another World. Whether true or otherwise 1B not tue quoBiion; but it reminds me of a faot willoh tonk plnoj mony years ego in India, and tho relation of which may intered those who are fond of tho marvellous and supernatural, or who may believe in visions or apparitions :-A oertfcin M-Jor of Engineers, then obiof engineer of o division, was a grrat and ardent antiquarian, and wc H stationed ot tho limo near to the rains of one of tho oldest attics in that part of India, and contiguous to thu modern ono. The Major was continually hunting after old arms, &o.; On one of these occasions tho Burgeon of the regiment to which I belonged Dccompnniod him on one of these excursions ; they wero Indeed almost inseparable friends. Tho Major at tho timo in. question was groping his woy, with tools in hand, through a dark and ruined arob of an anolont MaboraotBn naasolcuro, which had a high domo to it, when ho suddenly turnod baot, and tho Dootor, who was following him ol os o behind, remarked, " What is tho matter M»jor M-? you look very ill.". Tho reply was, " I havo just soon my brothor bofore mo." Tho Dootor, who had no faith io snoh things, laughed outright, and said. " Non sen BP, Major, you, of nil mon in tho world, to believe in such matters, as o ghist. Toko a littlo brandy and water, it is tba damp oir, that has affiicUd you." " No, Dootor," replied tho Major, you moy laugh and think what you ploaoe of ghoBts or visions ; you knowi I am not given to such belief, but I can «asuro you, I sow my brother before me as distinctly as 1 BOB yon now. It is now upwards of twenty years nineo I sow bim last, I loft him in England, I ara not raistokon In his features, though ho is much ohnnged, but to ptesso mo mark donn tho day and tho hour." Tho Doator after, warda romarkod to UB that thcro was something so serious and . solemn in tho Mnjor'n looks, that be did no without any further comment. On thc evening of that same day the Major dined nt our mens, it being a " publio night." Tho Doator could not keep tho'searot; soma of tho young officers got hold of tho ghost adven- ture, and tho good Major, who was much liked, got a good deal bantered about it, which, howover, bo took in good part, and scamed to join In tho laugh 5 but some of tho old hands could not help obsoiving thut M»jor M---, waa moro eorious and silent at times than usual. L'JBS and loss was daily said and thought of thia, OB it was aupioBod, jmuglnory apparition of tho Mnjor, until about twonty Hays alter thia period a brother ofQcor of .tho writer of thia arrived ot this station from tho Presidency, after a march of 400 milos, and who was a partioülar friend of Major M-. This oflloor imraoJlntoly stated to us on arrival that ho had very distressing nows lo toll Major M-, and that that waa tho death of bis brother, who died of oholora on tho march up. Whon tho Bod Intolllgenoo was communicated to tho Major, his friend Dr. S-- happened to bo pronont. Ho morely turned round and said, " What do you noy now, Dootor, about tho apparition or vision I saw. Just look ot your memo- randum book." It was a romarkablo foot that, on com* paring datos, tho day and tho hour of tho doconso of tho brothor corresponded cxaotly with tho timo of tho appoaranoo of tho vision. Ho died at a plaaa 330 milos from this station. I chanced to bo at tho Presidenny at tho limo when tho Major's brothor landed from langland, «nd who workod out bia puBsago in ordor lo got to IIIH biottier. Ila culled upon a cousin af mine, who wan then private Bcorotnry to tho Governor, in hopes of got ting nomo situation ; but thin gentloman reoomraendud him to proouud to his brothor thu Major, und who would bo EUI ru to appoint bim tu a good situation. I passed him nnd tho o (Tl cor nu tho maro!', nu I hod to "past it." Till H WOB In 16.il. AU thono thruo-thu Mnjor, tho Dootor, and tho ollloor-havo long ORO pasaod into tho world of spirits. "What modo tho «vont, uu rulntod, tho moro striking WOP, that, at tho limo, Mnjor M- had not Inn least idea that his brothor wnu in India, and that, further, lt wan generally bolloved that tho Major was a dot-hied Atheist, and it waa hoped that, whatever ho had soon, whother roil or imaginary, it miffht mako a Btlutary impression upon his mind. IYourP, AN OLD INDIAN OFMCEH. Sydney, Deocmber 87,1001. I 