HT TtTCNTRDTOT'S. On the3d inst., a large number of children made 'their first .Communion at the eight o'clock mas^s at St. Benedict's, and were afterwards confirmed by His Grace the Archbishop. It was a most 'consoling and edifying sight to see so many ..young children, principally girls, approach the .altar to receive the sacrament of love, and the \ congregation were evidently deeply impressed jby their fervour in the performance of so sacred .'?.duty. ? ? ;__-.?. i ? . ? . .. ? ., . i , - After, the High Mass at eleven ociock tnose ^ho.had had the happiness to make their first yCpinmunion in the morning were admitted to the privilege of receiving the Sacrament of Confir mation from the hands, of His Grace the Arch( vbishop. High Mass was sung by Father Corisb t'Vevy Rev. Father Sheehy, V .G., was also in atten ? ;. dance, upon his His Grace, as assistant priest, j The deacon and sub-deacon attending upon the ^Archbishop were Father, Dwyer and Rev. J. N|. vQuirk. , Immediatly after the, conclusion of .High Mass the Archbishop proceeded from hrs j.thrqne to the eeat prepared for him upon the jfitepSi in front of, the Altar, and after repeating -an act of contrition and reciting tho hymn; j ??, Gome Holy Ghost send down, those beams,' made a brief address to those who were about to ^receive the Sacrament of Confirmation. . He -ieminded;them of the great privileges extended ;to them — a privilege greater indeed than. had j been granted to the Apostles after partaking of -. the body and blood; of Jesus Christ at the last supper; they had to wait fifty days, before the ziHoly .Ghost, descended upon them to strengthen f them, while those who had received the Holy ^Communion that morning were admitted so soon r afterwards to the Sacrament of Confirmation, by v.which the Holy Ghost would descend upon themj ? and make them strong and pei feet Christians; ^investing them with the complete, pancply of, f,G.hristian soldiers able to fight and endure every, ! hardship in the cause of their Redeemer. He ^exhorted them when he raised his hands ovei; .them, to. think of that time — about nine o'clock' -;on the morning of Whitsunday — when: thej vApostleswere assembled. together,: and a sound ' ;was heard of a mighty wind, when he anointe^ (them ; with ichrism, that the Holy Ghost. ' (descended upon them, as he. did upon the Apos-i l ties, in; tongues of fire, and when he gave them- -aWo.w upon the cheek that they should submit, .themselves cheerfully to endure all the. suffer-; rings.- (they might meet with in this life for the; vglory of God. : : ; j.j. The, girls, who were all dressed in white, with ,-white i,veil9 over: their heads, then advanced,', i Tinder the direction of the Sisters of the Good .Shepherd, to the altar, where they received thej .sacrament from His; Grace ; they were followed; -by. thej older persons,, and afterwards by the boysi and ;men; At , the conclusion of the ceremony .the Archbishop again addressed a few words, to thpse. who had been confirmed, reminding them ;O? the indelible character of the sacrament, and ,o?jthe obligations it imposed upon them, giving them at the saJie time strength -to resist the temptations .to which- they would be exposed. _He reminded them that they had three' eneifaies JtV contend against—the world, the fleshy and ithe' devil. , The Holy Scripture informed us that .the devil went .about like a roaring lion Seeking whom he may -devour, and he was constantly on the Watbh. to'entrap us into sin, and. in order to ensure this design he had enlisted two powerful allies on his side, the world and the flesh.: .The ?jworld was' always throwing temptations in pur way to withdraw-us from the service of Almighty God; the theatre,, the domain after dark, the company we meet in the streets, were all so many .temptations thrown in our way, which wfe njus't be always on our guard against, and 'with the assistance of God we should be able to resist'and overcome them. But the enemy most to be dreaded, was our own selves, which required the most unceasing care and watchful ness' Jest the frailty of bur own nature should lead us into sin. The Archbishop then gave the pontifical benediction, and, accompanied by the clergy; 'left the church. '-'? The number of children who made their first Communion and were afterwards confirmed ex ceeded. two .'hundred; and during the adminis tration - of . the Sacrament of. Confirmation, the Archbishop was deeply affected, and his emotion comm.unicated itself to many among the cpn gregation; for it was, indeed, a most touching sight ^to see so/many little ones invested with thode Divine arms to enable them to do battte successfully with the great obstacles to man's salvation— the dangers to be apprehended from whichhis Grace had with such. eloquence and feeling0 placed so vividly before the eyes of those td whom ,he was about to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. !AfterBerie'diction, at four o'clock. in, the afternoon;, the Archbishop received- seventy members into the Young Men's Sopiety,1 and fifty- five members into the Young Women's Society of the Bona Mora.' Father Gorish and Father Dvyyer have; for a considera ble1 -time past, been unceasing in '? their endeavours. to prepare the children' for a devout reception of the holy Sacraments they had the happiriess to approach on Sunday; and they were.1 ably seconded by the Nuns of the Good Shfcpherd, whose assistance was most valuable in imparting 'instruction to the girls placed tinder their care. '?:????'-?? ,: Several ' gentlemen connected with New Zealand, amongst whom were Mr. Spain, Mr. S. A. Joaeph^Mr^ Oilfillan^ Mr. W. Wright, Rev. Mr. Bailey ,.-Dr;i -Neild, : atid' others, who are deeply in terested inctfae preient position and future prospects ?f the colony, met at the Union1 Club, on the 24th »lltvpaiottp;pfcy.1their: respeots to the late Governor, Colonel Gore, Browne, to., express their admiration ?I,,}»js:adnimi»Ha«on of the;iGovernment duiing * period of. jextrems difficulty and trial, and to convey t#bl5?jlh.lW!r/iWTe good, wishes, both for himseli and ms amiable lady.-and.. their -family. Colonel Browne exprtsied Fiorielf much gratified by so un expected atoark of. attention, and awured the gen. tlemen thattfae future welfare of New Zealand would henceforward be always an objtet of hu most earneit wish, ? 