BOXING DAY AMUSEMENTS. According to a mo- honored custom, the day succeeding Christmas Day is, in the towns of the Australian colonies, considered as one of the festival days of the year. with a very laudable reverence for custom, the Brisbanites yesterday celebrated the holiday with great unanimity. All the places of business in town were closed, and the streets during the day presented a very deserted appearance. To attempt to keep up Christmas in English style, with the thermometer at the elevation at which it usually is in Brisbane at this time of the year, requires a considerable amount of-fortiuvln and buoyancy of disposition. After the dyspeptic. but sedentary delights of roast beef and plum pudding at Christmas!, however, the more active enjoyments of Boxing Day become a relief. The amusements offered yesterday were, it must be confessed, of a very multi- form character. The Breadalbane, we believe, went with a party down to the Bay, but, like the ghost of buried Denmark," she started with the crowing of the cock, or, in other language, we should say she started at an unearthly hour, which precluded any but those who rose very early, or who made a point of not going to bed at nil, from availing themselves of the trip. As will be seen by a report elsewhere, a Hi He Match took place near town, the contending parties being Companies No. 1 and No. 2 of the Volunteers. After " moving accidents by flood and field," we succeeded in reaching a secluded line swampy dull, where the Volunteers' three tents, and the target, met the view. The most brilliant manuvre which was performed during our presence upon the field was a gallant and daring charge upon the refreshment tent, where three waiters had strongly entrenched themselves behind elaborate breast works of beef and ham, flanked by sliced cucumbers, and further defended by masked batteries of bottled beer and brandy, which did considerable execution before they were finally silenced. The defenders resisted bravely, and the clang of steel, and continued reports of ex- ploding bottles, was for a time deafening. Nothing, however, could withstand the steady discipline and ardour of the troops, and before half-an-hour after the commencement of the attack had elapsed, they had to use the customary military phraseology, carried all before them." Although, however, ample refreshment was provided for. the Volunteers, nothing appeared to have been provided for the casual visitors, and although the practicing ground is certainly almost " out of humanity's reach," yet had some enterprising caterer provided edibles and liquids for the civilians on the ground, without putting them to the trying task (one which we were not sufficiently sanguine to undertake) of " waiting till the Volunteers had done, in all probability there would have been a larger muster on the ground during the day to witness the shooting match. Leaving the Volunteers to blaze unseen, and waste their cartridge on the desert air, the next point of attraction which presented itself to the pensive traveller wending his way to Brisbane was the Green Hills. Here, pursuant to announcement, was to be found the arena of the ''Old English Sports, and here mine host of the Sovereign, M'Adam, not " to fame unknown," had pitched his tent. Mr. M'Adam, we feel bound to state, had done his best to provide those who chose to visit this locality with all appliances for amusement, and the crowds of visitors who gathered at the spot must, we should think, have exceeded all anticipations. At one! time of the day there could not have been less than a thousand people on the ground, which is admirably adapted for an open air fete on a large scale, and which possesses, the advantage of being within five minutes' walk of the main street of the town. The sports consisted of cricket matches, races, chasing a pig with a greasy tail, jumping matches, climbing a pole for the traditional beaver, and a variety of attractions " too numerous to mention," as the playbills say at this season of the year. The pig, we may state, did his duty nobly, and was the cause of much mirth and some rather boisterous scuffling. The name of the bacon-crowned conqueror we are unable to state, but it is a duty which is due to society, however, that we should contradict a rumour which obtained currency amongst the crowd to the effect that Blakeney was the happy man. This is not the case. The hon. member once caught a pig but this is a matter of history. Such luck rarely happens to one man twice in his lifetime. Considerable interest was attached to the pole climbing, from the fact that a report had been spread to the effect that an illustrious visitor from Maranoa would be one of the competitors, but the gentleman in question, we learn, excused himself at the last moment by stating that he intended to reserve his strength for the poll at Maranoa, to reach the top of which again would require the exertion of his utmost powers. An excellent band, we may add, had been provided by Mr. McAdam, and a goodly muster of dancers tripped it merrily upon the green- sward, until the setting sun and the strains of "God Save the Queen" warned the dancers that " All that's bright must fade, the brightest still the fleetest," Ssc. In addition to the festivities we have mentioned above, there were, we learn, some races improvised at South Brisbane, and some shooting-rcmtches at Randall's, Breakfast Creek, both 61 which were well patronized. The clay was cloudy, and delightfully cool; in fact, just the day for a holidaying this part of the world. I 