AN ITALIAN STORY. (most Lavinia. . By the author of " Lorenzo Benson," and "DoctorAntonio.") In the spring of 1857 there broke out at Viterbo one of those attempts at insurrection, the periodical occurrence of wliicli.ill-eohcocted and unsuccessful as they may be, is not less a proof of suffering next to a unbearable in the social body from which they spring ; because it is not to be believed that men of flesh and blood if only tolerably at ease, will rush into the street, and cry down the powers that be, for the mere pleasure of receiving a musket ball or a sabre cut, or even worse still, to be sent to rot in prison. This movement at Viterbo, insignificant as it was, proved the foundation stone of Monsignor Autoueili s fortune, insomuch as it afforded the young and ambitious prelate, then delegate, in that town, a golden opportunity of displaying for the first time, and attracting notice by those talents for repression and com- pression, which have made him since so conspicuous a personage. As ill-luck would have it, Orazio happened to be at Viterbo on business at the moment of the outbreak. He left as soon as he could-the gates had been kept shut for twenty-four hours and hastened to Cascatelle. The news of the rising at Viterbo, magnified by distance and uncertainty, had preceded him, and he found his peaceful village in a state of fermentation. The young men of the place -- for the most part the hands employed at the paper-mill- were already arming themselves as best they could, with the intention of proceeding to Viterbo. Orazio arrived in time to check their order. He had to harangue them in the market place, and not without difficulty did he succeed in bringing them to their sober senses, and restoring tranquility. Within the same week a party of gendarmes rode up to the paper-mill, handcuffed Orazio, and conveyed him to the prison of Monlefiascone. Bianco, without hesitation, followed him thither ; but orders were soon sent in pursuance of which the prisoner was transferred to the Castle of Sant Angelo, at Rome, and Bianca returned to Cascatelle- to arrange the affairs of the mill who omitted no precau- tion ; left the minutest institutions and directions with the foreman, and then started for Rome, taking with her little Paolo. Orazio was now a state prisoner, accused of having harangued the populace in a public place, with intent to eve to the inhabitants of Cascatelle to open rebellion. A train of a new kind was in store for Bianca at Rome. The poor lady was expecting an addition to her family; the fatigue of his hurried journey. and anxiety of mind, brought or. a disappointing illness. The first fortnights her stay in Home she had to spend in bed fifteen days, fifteen ages at that moment. A letter to Bishop Rock pain, a letter written in the midst of agony of body and mind, received no answer. As soon as she could crawl, and in defiance of the strict orders of hot- doctor, again and again did she seek admission to the bishop's presence ; she knew no one else in the vast city ; monsignor was not as a home ; monsignor was engaged : could not see her would not see her. She was not to be rebuffed ; it was for her husband's sake. For many successive days passers-by noticed a lady, as white as death, standing by the gate, or sitting for hours on the doorsteps of the Rodipani palace. One day, at last, she caught sight of his reverence as he was stopping into his carriage, and addressed him. He did not so much as turn his head her way, but ordered the coachman to go on. Bianca sprung to the bend of the horses, and stood there motionless, looking him steadfastly in the face all the while ; there was no defiance in lieu, look, only an unconquerable determination. Monsignor, not moved, but awed by those two large eyes riveted on him living eyes terrible to behold in that d such-like countenance -mon- signor condescended to listen to her-conde- scended to reply that, supposing he had been inclined, which he was not, he had no power in this matter concerning her husband. The carriage then proceeded on its way. Bianca fell on the pavement like one dead ; no wonder, in her weak state. A compassionate tradesman close by lifted her up, and carried her into his shop. He and his family were very kind to her, asking how they could assist her; but when they heard her story, they shook their heads, and said, " Poor woman I had your husband committed murder, there would be hope for him still : but a political offender !"- Their looks clearly intimated that her case was hopeless. Yet she must act, must exert herself as though it were not hopeless. All her efforts to obtain the favor of the audience with his Holiness wore bustled. Even France's determination failed to carry her through the triple entrenching .'. drawn by high and low functionaries, to guard the throne from intrusion. Sho petitioned-in vain. Letters and petitions fell short of their mark. She did force her way to some of the cardinals, and other influential personages was rebuked by some, unheeded by most, pitied only by a fun: Meanwhile, her bodily strength was fast failing Her premature going out had entailed upon her fatal consequences, one of which was that she could scarcely walk. Trouble followed on the heels of trouble. Bad news came from the papermill remittances were rare and scarce, poverty ciicoiiipnssod her. Still, the heroic spirit within uphold the frail and perishing body ; so long as her husband and son needed her, she could not, would not, yield. What was to become of them, if she too deserted them ? So much constancy and self sacrifice deserved a reward, and they found it. Biuiica had been dragging her misery from door to door for eighteen months, when God, in His mercy, raised her up in protector and a friend, in a priest according to the spirit of the Gospel poor, humble, without interest, without con- nexions, rich only in good-will and charity. He met her by chance in one of the ante- chambers of the powerful,, where poor Bianca passed almost the whole of her time. He courted her confidence, listened to her tale, and comforted her by weeping with her. The holy man wrote down an abstract of her sad case, and handed it, accompanied by a strong recommendation from himself, to his single friend in high places, in prelate and one of the judges of the Sacra Consults. The tribunal of') Sacra Consulta has, among its many attributions, that of the direction of the prisons. The (judge, thus appealed to, instituted an inquiry into this prisoner's «iiso,*aiidtlio name of Orazio Mancini rang through the offices of this court, This species of notoriety was his salvation. Poor Orazio had been forgotten. Once recalled to mind, he was traced from prison to prison, and at last found. The charges against him were serious enough, but none proved ; his name had not even once appeared in any of the depositions or examinations of the accused of Viterbo. A few months more, and Orazio was set free an acquire.d, but released, the ground of want of ' proofs.' A sadder joy was never seen ; p the meeting of husband and wife was like the meeting of two ghosts .' they read in each other's eyes that they met for a moment only to Reported for over here below, ' Bianca felt an irresistible craving for rest ; she faded faster andiftist'or every day, until her noble soul departed in peace. Her last words to Orazio were to ask forgiveness for having deserted him ; but it was the will of God. She bid him live for their Paolo, Surely grief does not kill, or Orazio would not have survived her. Such is the misery of the flesh, that, heart-broken as he was, he lived lived long enough to see his sentence of the most promising punilsofthe Academy of San Luca, win the Clementine I prize', and be crowned at the Capitol and also to see his little patrimony at Cascatello pass into the hands, of strangers. Such was the result, of his eight years' struggle to retrieve his I fallen fortunes. He died in 1847, one more of the thousand unknown victims of that great incubus despotism ; leaving Pope, a lad of seventeen, alone and ollibut penniless. 