AN ITALIAN STORY. (From Lavinia.' By tho author of 'Lorenzo henoni,' and ' Doctor Antonio.' ) In the spring of 1837 there broke out at Viterbo one of tlnso atte npts at insurrection, tho periodi cal occurrence of which, ill-concocted nnd unsuc ceFsful as they may be, is not less a proof of suffer ing next to unbearable in the social rmd- from which they spring; hoi-nuseit is not to be believed that men of flnsh nnd blood, if only tolerably at ease, will rush into the street and cry down the powers that be, for ihe mere pleasure of receiving a mu=ket hnll «r a ««bri» cut, or, even worse still, of being sent to rot m a prison i ins movement nx Viterbo, insignificant as it Was, proved the founda tion-stone of -r-nsignor An onclli's fortune, inso much ns it afforded tne yiung and ambitious prelate, then delegate in that town,- a golden op nonviitv of ditpl-iying for the first time, and attracting notice by,' those t-dmt« for repression and compression' which have made him since so conspicuous a personage. As ill-luck would have it, O'rnzio happened to be at Viterbo on business at the moment of the outbreak. He left as soon as he could -che antes had been kept shut for twenty four. hnur»— and hastened to'Caseatelle.'-; The news of the' risim* at. 'ViterboY'rivisiiine'd'by distance and uncertainty, had preceded him, and he found the p-»ceful village in a state of fer mentation. The Tnunz men ot the place — tor the most part thA hands employe! at the piper-mill— were already nrmin:: themselves, as best they could, with the intention of pioeeeding to Viter Vin. Orazio nrrived in time to chock their ardor. He hid 'to harangue thorn in the market-place, nnd not without difficulty did he succeed in bruv'in' them to their sober senses, and restoring txannuiiitv. Within the same week, a party of Kondarmes rode up to 'ho paper-mill, handcuffed Ornzio nnd conveyed him to the prison of Monte finscon'e. Bi.inea,' without hesitation, followed him thither; but orders wev» soon sent, in pur suince 'f wiiieb the prisoner was transferred to the Cnstle of Saint Angelo, nt Rome. Bianca re turned to Cascatpllo, 'o arrange the a airs of the mill ; -=be omitted no precaution ; left the minu test instruction' a--d directions with the foreman, nnH then started for Rome, taking with her little P \olo. Ornzio wns now a Stnte prisoner, accused of lmvine hnnniuod the populace in a public place, with int-nt to excite the inhabitants of Cas evelle. to open ? l-n'-ellion. A trial of a new kind was in store for Bianca at Rome. Tho poor lady was exp«cting an addition to her family ; the f ?t.i'run of the hurried journey, and anxiety of mind, brought on a disappointing illness. The first fo^tnieHt. «f her stay in Rome she had to spend in bed— fifteen days, fifteen ages at that moment. A letter to Bishop Rodipnm, a letter written in tho midst of agony of body and mind, received no answer. As soon as she could crawl, and in defiance' of the strict orders, of her doctor, a^nin nnd a'ain did she. seek ndmission to the bishop's presence ; she knew no one else in the vast city; monsignor was not at home ; mor.sig nor was engaged; could not see her; would not see her She. was not to be rebuffed ; it was for her husband's sake. For many successive days, pas=er.s-by noticed a lady, as white as death, stnndin' bv tho gate, or sitting for hours on the door-steps of the Rodipani palace. One day, at last, she caught sight of his reverence as he was stepping into his carriage, and addressed him. 'He did not so much as turn his head her way, but oitWed the coachman to go on. Bianca ' spiuh's to the bend of the horf.es, and stood there motion less, looking him steadfastly in the face all the while'; there w'is no defiance in-herlook, only an unconquerable determination. Monsignor, not moved, but awed by those tsvo large eyes riveted on him— living eyes terrible to behold in that death- like countenance— monsignor con-Wended to listen to her — conde scended to replv that, supposing he had been inclined, which he was not, he had no power in thi' matter concerning her husband The car riage then proceeded on its way. Bianca fell on tbe pavement like one dead ; no wonder, in her weak state. A compassionate tradesman close by lifter! her un. and carried herinto his shop. He uii'l hi* f milv wsre very kind to her, asking how they could assist her i'-'-ut- when they heard her storv, they shook their heads, and snid, ' Poor woman! 'bid your husband .committed murder, there would be hope for him still ; bu; a political offender! ? ' Their looks clearly intimated th'i' her' case was hopeless. Yet she must act, must exert herself as though i1 were not hopeless. AH her off -rts to obtain tho favor of an audience wiili his Holiness wero baffled. Even Bianea's determination failed to carry her through, the triple entrenchment, drawn by high and low func tionaries, to guard tho throne from intrusion. She petitioned— in vain. Letters nnd petitions fell shirt of their mark. She did force her way to some of the cardinals, and other influential persona-res : w:\s rebuked by some, unheeded by most, pitied only bv a few. Meanwhile, her i.«,i:i.. Of^o,,^tii wns fust fiiil'nsr. Her prematnre goiivouthad entailed uponher fatalconsequences, one of which was, that she could scarcely walk. Trouble followed on the heels of. trouble. Bad news came from the paper-mill; remit tanrcs wrn rare and scarce, poverty en cr mpassed her. Still, the heroic spirit within upheld the fail nnd perishing body, so long as husbind and son needed her, she could not, would not. yield. What wns to Veconie of them, if she ton deported them ?. So much constancy and self- sacrinc:e deserved a reward, and they found it. Ki-mca had heen dragging her misery from ''oortf/'dW-for eighteen months, when God, in Ilis mercy, raised her' up a protector nnd friend,, in. a priest according, to the. spirit of the Gospel ? i^or, hu'\' le, without interest, .without con nexions, rich only in good will and charity. He mot V.pt by chance in one of the. ante-i-hambers of the powerful, where poor Bianea passed almost the wh le of ber ti'rie. He cuuted her confi dence, listened to her tnle, and comforted her by weeping with her. The holy man wrote down an abstract of her sad ca'.e, anil handed it. accompa nied by a strong recommendation from himself, to hi-; single friend in high places, a prelate and one of the iudges of ihe Sacra Consulta. The tri bunal o'f the Sacra Consulta has, among its many attr'i'itions, that, of the direction of tho prisons. T'-ejudg°, thus appealed to, instituted an inquiry int - this prisoner's case, and the name of Ornzio Ma ic.ni rang through the offices of this court. Thi-i species of no oriety was his salvation. Poor Orazio had been forgotten ! Once re rnlted to mind, he was traced from prison to prison, and nt last found. The charges agninst him w re serious enough, but none proved ; his nime hnd not even once appeared in any of the depositions or examinations of the accused of Viterbo. A few monthr, mor«', nnd Orazio was set free — unacquitted, but released on the ground of want of proofs ! A sadder joy was never pren ; the meeting of husband and wife was like the 'meting of two ghosts ; they read in each other's looks that they met for a moment only, to separate for over here below. Bianca felt an irre ? ?uniblo craving for rost ; she faded faster and fiister every day, until her nobre soul departed in peace. Her last words to Oiazio were to ask for giveness for deserting him, but it was the will of Gid. She bid him live for their Paolo. Sirely grief does not kill, or Orazio would not have survived her. Such is the misery of the flesh, that, heart-broken as he was, he lived — lived long enough tu see his son one of the mo.-jt promising pupils of the Academy of San Luea, win the Cle mentine prize, and be crowned at tho Capitol, and :dso to see his little p -.triinony at Cusiatelle p iss into the hands of strangers. Suoh was the result of his eight years' striigglu to retrieve his fallen fortunes. He diod in 1817, one mure of the thou sand unknown victims of that great incubus — des- potism ; leaving Paolo, a lad of seventeen, alone and all but penniless. The Police Pay. — It would appear that the Govormnniit. t\f Vijirfnrin w anlFnritifr I'min it tiirlif ness in the chest at the present moment, as the police pay for'the mouth of January was only re ceived a few days ago. — Star. Distressing AccmiiXT. — On Wednesday last, Mr T. J. Canmm, storekeeper, of Peg Leg, went into the bush, on horseback, in search of a horse, his property. Having succeeded in his search, he took the saddle and bridle from the one he had been riding and placed them on the animal just caught, intending to lend the other. No sooner had he mounted the second horse than the vicious brute commenced bucking. Mr Carman had a bucket with him which he used to entice the horse from his pasturage ; he jumped off, and the bucket touched the animal on the shoulder, where upan it let out a sudden kick which snapped Mi Carman's right leg. Tho horse then madeofF, and Mr Carman crawled about 30 yards towards home, when the pain eausea him to faint. This was about 10 o'clock in the morning. Although he could' hear the BelUs reef men, and some Italian? who wore cutting wood in tho vicinity, and tried hy 'coo-e-ing!1 to attract their at tention, his voice had become so w-ak from pain ancl^ exhaustion that he f-iiled in the at tempt. Towards evening, believing that his end wns approaching, he wrote out his will in a pocket book, and rr- signed himself to his appar ently inevitable f.tte. Mrs Caiman, being alarmed at his absence, despatched a body of volunteers in search, who providentially discovered the poor fellow shortly after nine o'clock p.m. A cart was procured, and a bed, nnd he was taken home, where Drs. Hirdy and Kupfernerg were in imme diate attendance, and the broken hmb (compound fracture of the right log) was set. He was de lirious with fever during the night, but, we are happy to say, is inow progressing favorably to wards recovery. — Tarrcngcwcr Times, March 1. 