HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. June IS. Thp Rpfaker took the chair at 25 minutes to 2 o'clock. TETITIONS. Mr LINDSAT presented a petition from the District Council of Encounter Bay in faror of immigration. Mr N BLYTH asked from whom tlie petition emanated ? Hon. members would perhaps wish to know whether it was Mr Tomkinson's. (Laughter.) Mr LINDSAY said the petition was signed ly and emanated from the members ot the District Council of En counter Bay. Received. Mr. McELLISTER presented a petition from certain members of the District Council of Munno Para West in favor of immigration. Received. Mr. KINGSTON presented petitions from the District Councils of Upper Wakefleld aud Clare in favor of immi gration. Received. Mr. DUFFIELD presented a petition from the Distri Council of Barossa West in ikvor of immigration. Received. Mr. SUTHERLAND presented a petition from the Dis trict Council of Aldinga and others, in favor of immigration. It was not Mr. Tomkinson's petition, although its prayer wasthe Eame as.that gentleman's. (Laughter.) POUT OF ONKAPARDfGA. An hon. member asked the Treasurer whether it was the intention of the Government to declare the Port of Onka paringa a port of export. The TREASURER said the matter had been tor gome time under the attention of the Government, and they were now prepared to declare Onkaparinga a port of export. If a gentleman could De found in that district to perform the necessary duties, ou behalf of the Government, for a moderate remuneration, he anticipated no difficulty in effecting that object. (Hear.) STORES AT WALLAROO. Mr. LINDSAY wished to ask the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Tands, without notice, whether Sir. R. W. Hall had received permission irom rue wvernment to continue his store at Wallaroo, notwithstanding that a similar per mission had been refused to other storekeepers ; and, if so, why such permission had been given ? The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said he was not aware that such permission had been given to Mr. flail. If, however, the hon. member would give notice of his question, lie, the Commissioner, would give him a defi nite answer on the following day. SURVEY OF THE COAST. Mr. A. BLYTH , pursuant to notice, asked tlie hon. the Trea surer, whether tlie fl;iv«-imwit. intend to r-roDOSe a vote for 2,toot this year, or for any less sum, towards defraying the expense of the survey of the coast of South Australia ; and also, what steps the Government Intend to take to provide for :i similar vote each year uutil such survey is completed? He h:id taken it for granted that a sum of money would have been placed on the Estimates for the purpose. It had been understood that the Governments of the several colonies would give s-oiaething towards ihe object, and -.he wished now to know what action the Government intended to take in the matter. The TREASURER ssiM he was unable, at present, to give any delinite information on the subject ; but he might state that it was the intention of the Government to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose. (Hear.) TRIGONOMETRICAL SURVEY OF THE EASTERN PLAINS. Mr. DUFFIELD, pursuant to notice, moved — ' That this House will on Wednesday. June 19, resolve itself iulo a Committee of the whole for the purpose of con - siilejing the motion— 'That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Kxcellency to cause immediate steps to be taken for the trigonometrical survey of the country known as the Eastern Plains.' ' Be did not apprehend that any opposition would be offered to the motion; and he would not, therefore, trouble the House with any remarks on that occasion. The motion was agreed to. GOLDSWORTHY'S MINERAL LEASE. Mr. DUTTON askul the hon. Commissioner of Crown Lmds — i. Whether the Government have included in Golds worthy's Mineral Lease, claim No. 26t, the Goverment road (100 lect wiae) tietween tlie eastern Doundary of sections Nos*. l and 2, at Black Point, and ihe sea-beach? And 2. — Will the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigra ti:-u lay on the table of this House a copy of the Land Grant issued to the purchasers of sections Nos. l and 2? He said that in explanation of the two questions, be would refrr iion. members to tlie map marked No. 42. Hon. members would perceive that no road was marked on the map ; and as the omission was one of considerable importance to the landholders in the district, he had placed these questions on tlie notice paper. (Hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that if tiie hon, member wished to take the sense of the House on the policy adopted by the Government in this matter, every facility should be afforded him to do so. The hon. member hao referred to the map ? Mr. DU1TON rose to order. He had asked the hon. Com missioner' of Crown Lands two plain questions, and he ?apprehended that he was entitled to direct answers. The lum. Commissioner was, however, evidently about to enter into the question of the policy of granting Crown leases. (Hear, hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said, as the hon. member objected to hear the explanation he had in tended to offer, he would at once answer the questions. To the first he would say no lease of the land in question has been issued to Sir. Golds worthy- (hear, hear)— and to the sesond he must reply that he would be unable to lay a copy of the Crown grunt on the table, as there was no copy of the giant in the Survey Office. MERCANTILE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. On the Order of the Day for the second reading of the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, The TREASURER said, that in consequence of the recent ruling of the hon. the Speaker with reference to that bill, he was convinced that some other course must be adopted- He would therelbre move that the-order be then n/ad and discharged. The order was read and discharged accordingly. ESTIMATES. The TREASURER moved that the Speaker do leave the eiialr. The motion was carried, and the House went into Com mittee of the. whole for the further consideration of Ways aud Means. Mr. MAGAREY wished to offer some remarks npon the financial policy of the Government. He would in the first place allude to the question of allowing newspapers to be transmitted by post without charffe. That .was in his opinion a subject of considerable importance. There was no doubt but that in determining the establishment of post offises in the country districts, the Government were in fluenced by the fact that such offices were or were not self supporting. To a certain extent their being not selfsup porting, arose from the free transmission of newspapers, and it was therefore a matter of consideration whether, so long as they continued to carry the newspapers for nothing, they were not in effect depriving some of the country districts of the privileges of direct postal communication. He contended that there was no reason why such should be the case, or why the newspapers should not fce charged with the cost of transmission. Hon. members had no doubt read an article on this subject which had appeared in the Advertiser, in which particular allusion was made to the views enunciated by the boo. member for East Torrens (Mr. N. Blyth). It was said the hon. member wished to impose a new tax on. knowledge, but he (Mr. Magarey) had not so understood the lion, member. If a stamp duty was imposed upon news papers for postal purposes, he should not, and he appre hended the lion, member for East Torrens would not, regard it as a tax at all, bnt simply as a fair charge for transmission by post. It was impossible to foretell what would be the ultimate expense to the colony of this free transmission when, as two or three years hence would probably le the case, the circulation of the newspapers was greatly extended, and he contended it was not just to the public to subject tlie revenue to such a serious burden as this might become. It was stated in the article he had alluded to that the tax, if imposed, would fall upon those who re ceived the newspapers, and not upon the proprietors. That declaration reduced the matter from a question affecting in dividuals only to one affecting the public generally; but as such he would oppose the continuation of the present sys tem. It was said that the newspaper press was a great organ of education. (Hear, hear.) Well, he would admit that it was, but it had been already established in that House that the Government of the day, so long as they subsidized education, could control it. (Loud laughter.) If, then, the Government were to sub sidise the press, by allowing free postal transmission, ought they not also have control fthere- (oh) -and to determine which newspaper should be entitW to the privilege, and whichshould not What, then, would become of the boasted Hberty of the press? (Laughter.) Another argument in favour of the present system was, that the newspapers inserted the Government advertisements without charge. It had been asserted on a former occasion (he believed by the lion, member, Mr. HansonJ that the existing system was the result ot a compromise between tha Government andthe press, by which the Government were to give free postal transmission, to the newspapers, and the newspapers in return were to insert the Government advertisements without charge. That, in his opinion, was decide-ily wrong. (Hear.) The newspapers should pay, and the Government should pay. (Hear, hear. But, he observed, that the compact was already departed from, if compact it was, inasmuch as the Government had placed on the present Estimates the sum of 350£. for advertising Crown lands for sale. lie hailed that resolve aa a wise oue, and he would heartily support the Government in their proposition to pay for the advertisements it was found necessary to publish. All such advertisements onght to be paid for— (hear-— and the free transmission of newspapers should be at once dis continued. Then it would be possible to ascertain the exact utility and profit of the post-office as an institution of the State ; the country post-offices would be placed ou e. more equitable basis, and justice would be done to all classes, instead as at present of a favor being extended to one class of the community at the expense of another that could. least afford it. He would now nass to the question of ad valorem duties. He regretted to find the hon. Treasurer was not prepared to bring down a re-adjusfed scheme for the imposition of these duties. (Hear, hear.; He hoped the hon. member who said 'hear, hear' would continue to raise his voice against that change in the fiscal policy of the colony by which the ad valorem duties bad been abolished— a change which had not been desired by the public, which had not been desired by that House, which had not been desired by any portion of the community, and which had not even been desired by the Go vernment of which the hon. Treasurer was a member. (Cries of 'no, no.') The hon. Treasurer had told them that the change was generally accepted as a wise and beneficial one ; but he, Mr. Magarey, was compelled to assert tiiat he had not yet met with a single convert to it. (Oh, oh.) Weil, perhaps, he might make au exception in favor of the Eastern District. He believed the people of that district were willing enough to get their tea as cheap as possible, although Uiey were extremely averse to paying any increased charges upon their spirits and tobacco. (Laughter.) The hon. Treasurer liad, however, confessed that the mercan tile community were opposed to this change. The TREASURER was sorry to interrupt the hon. mem ber, but he did so only to correct him on the point. His statement was that the importers —not the mercantile com munity—were opposed to the change. Mr. MAG-AREYhad imagined be was correct in speaking of the importers as the mercantile community. tHear.) The Treasurer had stated in his opening speech as an argument in favor of his system, that no smuggling was being carried on, although it had been anticipated the abolition of the ad valorem duties would encourage that practice. Now, he would like to know upon, what authority the Treasurer affirmed that no smuggling was being carried on. Of course, the Collector of Customs would not confess to a knowledge of the practice, and in the absence of any sums of conscience money being paid into the Treasury, he supposed the Treasurer had arrived at the conclusion he had so confidently stated. (Laughter.) Looking, however, to the increase of population In some districts of the colony, and to the fact that the duties paid on spirits and tobacco had not propor tionately increased, he could not escape the conviction that smuggling was being carried on to a large extent, and therefore that it would be well if the Treasurer would prepare to reduce at least the dutie3 on tobacco. He fully agreed with the remarks that had been made on a previous occasion by the hon. member for East Ton-ens respecting the city police. He thought that one half of the cost of maintaining the city police might be fairly charged to the country, and the other half to the city As to the question of education, he thought its bene fits should be extended, and that what it was proposed to do in the city suouid be done also in the country districts. He trusted the Treasurer would give his attention to the subject, and see if it was not. possible to extend more of the advantages of education to the country districts. (Hear, hear.) Uefore sitting down he wished to say a few words respecting the question of immigration. He saw no necessity for the renewal of the grant for the purpose of bringing free immigrants to the colony. Ho had seen no such necessity for many years past, and he thought such a necessity would not arise again in the future history of this colony. Even now the colony was not deriving any advantage from the money already expendid for assisted immigration. He for one doubted whether, even, if no money had been ever voted for the purpose, the tide of immigration to this colony would not have flowed as last. The German population, well knowing they could receive no assistance from t!ie State, had continued to bring out their friends to the colony, and others he doubted not would do the same. Why, let the Government boldly declare that no more money would be expended to promote assisted immi gration, and he was convinced that as many immigrants would come here assisted by their friends, as would be other wise assisted by the State. ( Hear. ) It should be remembered, too, that Parliament wouldnot always be in a position to vote large sums of money for the purpose. Imnugnints, who might be brought here at the expense of the State, would, if they settled in the colony, obtain a voice in the administra tion of its Government. Wa3 it to be supposed that they , would support a principle that would lead directly to -Intro- duce additional competition against thfmselves. That was the true position of the question ; and if the House was IlOw prepared to resort to assisted immigration, it ought fclso to be consistent to remit the suffrage. ('Oh, oh!') Hejbad3t word to say about the District Councils. He knew thai; some of the interest manifested liy the petitions poured inte that House in favor of immigration was excited on behalf of absentee proprietors. It was said that the value jbE their properties would be increased by an increased population. He maintained that if there was any depression in the' colony caused by a scarcity of labor, it would not fall upon the ab sentee proprietors, but directly upon the employers of labor He felt on all grounds fortified in bis opinion that assisted immigration was unnecessary. In conclusion, he trusted the Treasurer would review his determination respecting th^ ^ ad -valorem duties, and that the free postal transmission of newspapers wonld be discontinued. | Mr. MOOBHOBSE said he had listened with great inte- | rest to the opening statement of the lion. Treasnrer on that' day week. In following liis arguments, he would first allude j to the land revenue, and lie thought the proposition 1o retain that as a distinct fund for the purposes named in the Land Act wonld be generally assented to. He meant, of course, that one-half of that revenue should be appropriated to ihe District Councils, and the other half' to pay the interest on the debt incurred for permanent im provements. (Hear, hear.) There appeared to be some desire that assisted immigration should cease, and he was prepared to show by the experience of other colonies that it was unnecessary here In the colony of Nova Scotia, for instance, there was no fuud for assisted immigration, bat labor was abundant notwithstanding, and if 1 hey turned to the records of Canada they would find that for the last 10 years the number of people emigrating to that country averaged 41,000 annually. Certainly it might be argued that the expense of a passage from cfreat .Britain to Canada was mnch less than to Australia, but on the other hand what was the relative value of produce in Canada and Australia ? In Canada the produce of wheat averaged only 1 14 bushels to the acre, and It took fully three years of labor to clear the land where the soil was light, while on the heavy and thickly timbered soils, it would occupy perhaps 20 years to clear the land, and render it thoroughly available for the purposes of cultivation. He had seeu in Canada thousands ofaeresofwheatcarcfully harvested, that would not be cut in South Australia. In America, for the las?, two or threeycars.theintroducrionofimmigrantshad been sustained at the rate of about 200,000 annually. There was certainly a point at which assisted immigration, at the expense of the State, ou'ht 10 cease. Dad that point been arrived at lor South Australia? He was not prepared to say that it had. (Hear, hear.) If there should prove to.be a disposition on the part of the House to grant some money this year for assisted immigration, the question would naturally arise whether the immigrants should be brought out entirely at the expense of the Government, or whether they should be required to pay one-half or any portion of their passa.se money. He found that the classes of immigrants especially petitioned ior were domestic servants, miners, and agricul tural laborers. With reference to domestic servants, it would be found that that class were getting 102. to 12Z. per annum more in Victoria than in this colony. He observed also that the 'Victorian Parliament had recently altered the original appropriation of the vote for assisted immigration by allowing only 14,0002. instead of 35,0002. for the introduc tion of female immigrants. He should, therefore, decidedly oppose the introduction to this colony of any of these domestic servants at the expense of the State. As as to the miners, it liad been proposed tliat the Goverment should Bend ships round to Melbourne, and offer a free passage to fill who would come to this colony. That wonld be decidedly wron»; because it would tend to bring the two Govern ments into collision. fHear. hear.) A strong doubt had arisen in his mind as to how far the petitions on the subject of immigration, which had teen so plentifully presented by the District Councils, should be allowed to influence the House in considering the question. The District Councils represented tlie settled districts of the colony. Balf the revenues arising from the land sales in those dis tricts had been already appropriated either to assisted immigration, or to public works, of which those districts had received the benefit. If money ?was voted now, as prayed by these petitions, the settled districts would reap the advantages accruing from the expenditure of the revenue arising from the latest land Bales In other and more distant districts of the colony. But Independently of tliis, he believed there was at present very little money to spare for assisted immigration. When the lion, member for Mount Barker alluded to the prosperity of the colony during the last ten years, he Jiad appanntly for gotten that during that period a million and a half acres of the best lands in the colony had been alienated, and a national debt of about one million sterling contracted. If they did not expend the land revenues on as sisted immigration, they might have better public works, or what vould perhaps be better still, they jni'ht keep the lands. Respecting the city police, he thought that if the city was called on to hear the expense of maintaining the force, the Corporation ought certainly to receive the revenues arising from public-house licenses. He felt constrained to express his gratitude to the lion. Treasurer for the clear and lucid manner in which he had submitted the Estimates to the House There was one amount in the Estimates to which he wished to allude before sitting down- He saw that it was proposed to expend 10 ot in erecting a dining-room for the hon. members of the Assembly- That was an item npon which he should cer tainly require some explanation. He thought that if instead of granting that vote the House acceded to the proposition to expend 10002. upon well-sinking ft would be evincing a better judgment. He for one would always be prepared to allow a matter of public utility to supersede one of merely private convenience. (Hear, bear.) Mr. GLYDE was almost disposed to regret that he was not in the House when the hon. Treasurer was making his financial statement, as he was not sure he had not lost a great treat on that occasion. It must have been intensely gratifying to have listened to the hon. gentleman while he was blowing his own trumpet, and asserting his self-glorification. (Laughter.) He knew a gpod deal ot the hon. Treasurer's antecedents, and he, therefore, would hardly be surprised at anything the hon. gentleman might say. (Oh, oh.) He was, however, somewhat taken aback when he found the hon. gentleman, taking credit to himself for the present fortunate position of the -eolony. (Hear.) Heliad actually credited himself with the discoveries of copper at Wallaroo, with the good harvest Providence had blessed them with, and forsooth with the bad harvest that had been experienced in England ; nay, he had gone so iar aB to credit himself with the stoppage of the anticipated exodus of population from this colony, that had been ensured simply because ;the Snowy River diggings had proved a failure, a circumstance with which the hon. gentle snan had about as much to do as he had with building the Pyramids of Egypt. (Laughter.) The accident in the Upper House by which the Assessment of Stock Act had been thrown out, and 7,otol. thereby unexpectedly placed at the Treasurer's disposal. The hon. gentleman bed also appropriated to his own credit, and with the same charming disingenuonsness he hart sought to profit by the circumstance, that the large number of babies born in the colony last year had swelled the census returns very con siderably. (Loud laughter). It had been said that the reason why the Hanson Administration had failed, was that they had experienced three consecutive dry winters and bad harvests, and he thought it might be said with equal truth that the present position of the Treasurer was owing more to tis good luck than to his judgment. In fact the hon. gentleman appeared to resemble a steward who oame to his lord with something such a story as this : ?' Well your lord ship 1 am very sorry that our Estimates for the last year have proved incorrect. Things turned out so bad that it could not be helped. However, I have been fortunate enough to find a mine on one corner of the estate, and I have Bold tliat at a price that will enable our expenditure to be maintained. Otherwise I don't know what ct should have done. (Laughter ) The hon. Treasurer had told them that the revenue of the year would exceed the original estimate by 60,0002. All he, JUr. Glyde. conld say was, that if that statement was borne out by facts the receipts for the current quarter must certainly be of the most extraordinary character ever known iu South Australia, Folly 66,000/- came from forcing the lands into the market, and he had only to say that this was, perhaps, the most sui cidal policy which could be adopted, and he was surprised that it should have been done so. The case, then, was that the Treasurer had iOfiaol. from land winch he had never ex pected. He had 1,0001. from assessments which he never expected, and 7,001)2. from mineral rent and licences which he never expected ; so that of the 60,000J. excess about which bo much had been said, at least 54,000/. came out of the land fund in these items. If hon. members would examine the speech of the hon. memVer, they would find that the revenue during the first two quarters of the year had been really in a painful positon- (oh.)— and that the Government had actually peen bound te force large quantities of land into the market in order to enable the Treasurer to meet the House, and T4,0G0£ -t was expected would be obtained from land sales this quarter in consequence of forcing the land into the market in this most indiscreet manner. And now about the Esti mates. He fonnd that the hon. member never liad sepa rated the land fund from the general revenue in making up bis Estimates. (Hear, hear.) This would, he imagined, be a remarkably simple matter, as it only involved the prepara tion of two returns of revenue instead of pne. (Hear.) It bad been a plan which was adopted previously in the old Parliament, when the Treasurer of the day always used to Slace on the table of the House a return showing the revenue erived from Crown lands alone. And here he might remark, that he had listened to the speech of the hon. member for Onkaparinga (Mr. Milne) with a great deal of pleasure, and that he agreed with every figure which bad been brought forward by the hon. member, and with every statement made by him. The Treasurer bad said tliat the land fund was not enough to pay the expenses, but all that the Treasurer had taken into account was the 150,0002. which he derived from the sale of lands ; butthen, as the hon. member for Onkaparinga bad very clearly shown, there were the amounts from rents, assessments, and other sources, to be added to this, which brought np the total revenue derived from the lands to pretty nearly 310,0002. [Hear, hear.] lie agreed with the revenue estimated by the Treasurer in many points. [Hear, bear.] He believed that the Government would receive, as anticipated, 150,00 I. from the lands, although it was pro bable tliat the recent ia!l in wool might in some respects act against them, as preventing the squatters irom coming so freely into the market— paughttr]— butseeingthe extraordi nary charactero*' the eventswhrch had transpired, hewagin clined to believe it possible even that more might be realised from leases and assessments, and also from Crown lands, than was anticipated. THear, hear.] A reaction would, however, inevitably take place as regarded the first item, and although a great many of these sections might betaken up at 4i.i. a piece, at present there was little bope of their being similarly taken up next year. (Laughter and bear. J He had said last year that the Treasurer would not derive 130,0002. from customs. He had prognosticated this much, and for these reasons. He was trying to realisa bis customs from entirely the wrong class of articles. He -was trying to get his duties from the very class of articles which the best patriot among them would wish that they ehould be reduced. Had the Treasurer kept np the ad valorem duties he would, no doubt, nave realised the amount anticipated, but he bad not done bo. (Hear, hear.) What -would the hon. gentleman do if he went to one of his teetotal meetings and told them he was anxious to raise his revenue from the articles be was now trying to raise that revenne upon ? Why, they would pooh pooh the hon. member off the platform if he attempted to do so. (Laughter. The hon. member had stated that the average customs revenue during the last three years had been 128,0002., but il they would take the aveiage of the past year they would find that the revenue only amounted to I14,oot7. per annum, He hon. member had then observed that although double duties had been imposed upon these articles, the revenue had not decreased. He thought that a particularly happy state ment to come from the Treasurer, especially when the increase in population was also considered. The hon. member bad also referred to the fact of his revenue from this source being reduced in consequence of the repaj xnent of tbe ad valorem duties, 5,0002. certainly had been paid back on account of these duties, but tbe Treasurer could not take credit for tbe whole of that amount, inasmuch us he was receiving the double duties for the first 17 days at all events of the- financial year. (Hear, hear.) And now in reference to the question of the exports and imports. He would grant tbat.the colony did export in three years 4,631,3901. worth of goods ; still this was in reality a most fallacious ground upon which to rest arguments as to the national prosperity. Let them'takeacase3' as the hon. memberforOnkaparinga would Bay. (Laughter.) Supposing a merchant in London to con sign 1,qgq£ worth of goodeto his agent here with instructions to remit the amount received for those goods in wool. These goods would be passed at the Customs at a value of say 1, 1002., and perhaps they would come to a good market, and might realise say 1,400/. or 1,500/. Well, the agent here lays out tins amount in wool, which is sent to London, and arrives, perhaps, to a g-.-od market also, and may realise 1.700/. Well, then, it stood to reason that while the exports might appear to be great, the colony would actually lose, because one would exchange away 1, so ut worth of wool lor 1,9002. worth of say boots and shoes. (Laughter, oil, and hear, bear.) He saw that the lion, the Commissioner of Crown Lands laughed at this, but they would find that was in reality so. Hut suppose, on the other band, the goods in the first instance came to a bad market, and the l,000£. woi til of boots and shoes only real sed 700; or sool,, then the agent It-re could only purchase for export in return that quantity of wool, and the consequence was that the colony were the gainers, because they got l,eou2. worth of boots and shoes for 80 L worth of wool. (Laughter.) But he did not see that they could judge of the aspect of the colony by comparison in this way, because they had not the proper data before them, and therefore under any circumstance the argument was fallacious. There wasone point upon which he thoroughly agreed with his hon. friend the Treasurer, and lie was glad to find that the hon. member had at last come round to his argument in reference to fines, fees, and for feitures. Then in respectto railways, he perceived that tlie Jion. member expected to receive k6,ouo£. from railways. He states that by his railway Bystcm hehad averaged 99,0002. per iinnnin ; he presumed that the figures were correct. If so he considered that the amount was over estimated. (No, no.) Well, be saw that by the returns of the lasttwOiinonths the receipts bad only been '? There had also been included in'these figures several holiday trains ; the Commissioner of Pafiic Worlcs said that they rather lost by the holiday trains. Well, bedid notknow liow that might be, but he had always understood the contrary. (Hear, hear.) Iu reference to the Waterworks, be had prognosticated last session that the Treasurer would not receive the 6,o&o2..; which he anticipated from his water-rates, and so far bis prophecies had proved correct, for he bad only received 1 90U Taking the figures of Ihe hon. Treasurer, as a whole, however, he believed that the revenue estimated would be realised, (fleai.) There was one thing, however, whicu he ehould like to see explained, and ibat was.thatwhile the Treasurer represented that the revenue had exceeded the Estimaies by 60,0002., yettherewas only some 10,0002. brought forward. Ko Joubt there were some heavy items upon the Supplementary Estimates which would be brought for ward in explanation of this. (Hear.) Seeing, then, thst they had some 20,000/. to 28,0007. to spend, let. them turn and see how they were going to spend it. The first item on the Estimates that they would .notice was the Clrrk of the1 Executive. He did not see why that office and the office of Private Secietary should not be filled by tlie same gentle man; and he was surprised that when a vacancy occurred recently, tlie Government did not endeavor to adopt such a course. (Hear, hear.) Then there was the question of police. As a suburban member, he should endeavor to bring about an alteration in the management of that depart ment (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer had promised them that the matter should engage the attention of the Govern ment during the session, and he should try to get. protection for the suburbs, but the hon. member was so strong and confident in his conduct of the Government, that he, Mr. Glyde, feared he would be uuaiite to obtain justice for the suburbs. (No.no.) Thenthere was the item 'aborigines.' He saw Protector of Aborigines, he could not help thinking that this was an unnecessary item. It seemed to him in deed, that it was an office created for the purpose of providing 400i!. a year for the benefit of a gentleniau who had come from England to receive it. (Oh, oh.) He thousht all the duties in connection with this office could be performed by the police. He was sorry that none of the amount bor rowed on bonds for the completion of the Waterworks and Railway Works appeared on the Estimates. He considered that it was a good rule which had been passed by the House a couple of years back, that one-third of all money borrowed on bonds should appear on the Estimates, and a third of the sum which he had referred to should have been arranged in this way. He should like if the Committee sitting on this Bill could manage to do this. In reference to immigra tion he supposed he must say a few words, as it was the great point at present ( Hear and laughter.) The time was, he believed, approaching, when this question would be forcibly pressed upon the attention of the House. He was very sorry indeed to see that no sum had been plaoed on the Estimates for the purposes of immigration, but that the Treasurer had actually gone out of liis wav to tell the House that the Government would be opposed to'it. He would not now go into the details of this question, because he felt quite sure that the session would not be allowed to pass over without an attempt being made to get up this great question, and to have an amount placad on the Estimates for tlie purpose of bringing 'out immigrants. (Hear, hear.) He thought, however, as the cost of bringing out parlies to this colony was 152. per head, any person or persons wishing to bring out immigrants — companies want ing miners, farmers wanting laborers, or ladies wanting female servants — that these parties should be allowed to pay to the Government wl. per head for them, and that the balance of the expense should be borne by the Government. Then, afterwards, if those parties remained 12 months in the colony, he should suggest that half of the amount paid should be returned to the parties. (Hear, hear.) He believed that this scheme would be feaeible, and would prove beneficial to the colony. (Hear, hear.) He was certain that ere 12 months ft jin the present time the question would have to be grappled with, and it was therefbre well that some feasible scheme should be considered. He could not give the Treasurer credit for the events of the past year, but he believed that if care was used in tlie future, and if a little of his impetuosity and ardour was checked by tlie other members of the SUnistry — (hear, and laughter)— they might conduct the business of the country with credit, and take advantage of the favor able circumstance which might arise in the good time coming. )Qear, hear.) Mr. TOWNSEND had not had the opportunity of hearing the first portion of the speech of the hon. member, Sir. Glyde, but he understood that he had accused his hou. friend the Treasurer of self glorifications in the remarks which he had made in reference to the past year. lie thought that none were better up in that sort of thing than the lion, member for Yatala- The bon. member invariably spoke in a tone approaching to friendliness when speaking of the Trea surer, and yet he was always trying to upset the Govern ment, and, in one or two coses, he' liad succeeded, and when he had done so, what had been the result? Why, the hon. member had stood alone in his endeavors to conduct the business of thecountry. They were not sent there for the purpose of embarrassing the Government, but to assist them in carrying on the business of the country. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member accused the Government of killing the goose that laid the golden eggs, in forcing land into the market for sale, and so killing the squatters. The hou. members, Messrs. Blyth aud Milne, had over and over again said the same as the bon. mem ber, Mr. Glyde, had said that day, and since it was bad policy on the part of the Government to sell land, according to their arguments he would ask, had not the hon. member, Mr. Milne, when a member of the Government, recommended this very course. And that man ot figures, the hon. member for Yatala, Mr. Glyde, he saw by the votes and proceedings had supported them, and they had received 2 4,709?. from the sale of waste lands. He would ask, was not this so ? The Treasurer said ? Mr. GLYDE rose to order. He should like to answer the direct question of the hon. member. The CHAIRMAN said that the hon. member could ex plain any point upou which he thought he had been misre presented. Mr. GLYDE wished to answer a direct question. The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is out of order. If he is desirous of makiug any explanation he can do so. Mr. TOWNSEND said that he had understood the hon. member to say that it was not until the Treasurer had found his revenue in a miserable plight that he had forced the land into the market He considered that this had not been the case. The hon. member had also said that the land revenue should be kept distinct. If the hon. gentleman should ever hold a seat upon the Treasury benches, they would see whether. he would keep the land fund distinct. If he did so, from what fund would he make up his general resources ? What hidden source of revenue would suggest itself to the enlightened mind of the hon. member? Why, he mnst. make it np from the land fund. The hon. member had said that tlie exports and imports of the country were no grounds upon which to judge of the national prosperity. Why, he had heard the great financier of England, Mr. Gladstone himself, say that it was so, and that it did show the prosperity of the couutry when the exports were over the imports ; and it was pretty good argument in favor of such a course when be said that men like Wilson, Gladstone, and others, considered that the best test of the prosperity of a nation was the imports, exports, and the gold in the Banks. ( Hear.) He considered that the colony had never been more prosperous than it had been in the previous year, and yet the hon. member — the Treasurer that was to be — [Mr. Glyde] had drawn the most gloomy picture of affairs He bad foretold a tremendous exodus to the Snowy River diggings. Did that take place? He had foretold that they would not derive the 'estimated revenue from Customs and railways, and other sources, and was he right in any instance but the solitary one of Waterworks? No. llr. GL. ¥ DE rose to order. The CHAIRMAN.— The hon. member is out of order. Mr. TOWNSEND continued— The hon. member had had the influenza last f.cssion ; he hoped lie had not another attack now. [Laughter.] He was speaking now iu the presence of men of business, and he would put it to them, how would they judge of their prosperity— would it not be by flieir profit aud loss account? Yea. They would go by that no matter what might be stated to the contrary out of doors as to the business they were doing. Well, if they saw themselves 82.0002. better in tliat account, would they not consider themselves as so much better off in business? [Hear, hear.] It was exactly so here. Tlie Treasurer had commenced his session with a deficit of 22,000/., and they now found £2,000/. to the credit of the revenue, and what was the consequence? Why, they had saved some 15,0002. or 16,0002. on establishments ; and they had had the business of the country conducted for tliat sum less than formerly ; aud would any hon. member say that the public service had been worse managed th;iu in former years? (No, no.) The hon member for Yatala knew well that the former Government would have kept up establish ments, and would have repealed the ad valorem duties, be cause that wjis mentioned in the Govern r's speech. Hbiv, then, would they have made up the revenue, but by the land fund? Then, the hon. member had referred to the duty on tobacco, and said that the Treasurer liad represented the amounts derived from that source as the same at 23. as at is. But the question was, had the same quantity of tobacco been consumed as formerly? and he thought that it had. Then, in reference to smuggling, he believed what the Treasurer said in reference to that. There had only been to hjs knowledge one case of smuggling, and that was the case of a Mr. Tallerman — (laughter}— and that gentleman had imported some cases of drapery in which cigars were packed ; and the Treasurer, through his officers of Customs, had. seized thoEe goods, aud they had been sold. (Hear.) Then, in reference to excursion trains, a remark had been made. He believed that those trains had proved a loss, and he had the authority of the Manager of Railways for saying so. The question then arose, to what was the large increase in the revenue from railways due? Why, to the large quan tities of wheat and other produce which had been forwarded by the rail; and would hon. members say that this was not a legitimate source ? Why, that was the very purpose for which tlie railways had been constructed, and to charge the increase from this source on a false system was simply bsurd. (Hear, near.,) ihen as to the question ot immigra wn, and as to whether it -was required or not. They had a ray in England of testing those matters, namely, once in even years, at every general election. This had been made . leading question in the recent election, and the hon. raem ler for the Burra and Clare had trimmed upon it when ieforetheeleetors. Hadnot himself, and someothers, seen Mr. feales's address when it was iu manuscript -, and had they lot read of the hills andhappy valleys of this beautiful country, md so forth, teeming with population, &c.; ? (Laughter.) Jut when that gentleman got to the Hurra he found public eeling was so strong thst he had, after all, to trim on the juestion. (Hear, and laughter.) He was quite sure tliat if .hey were fully to consider the question they would not be n fevor of immigration. There was a very worthy aud re spectable gentleman who had been agitating the District Jouncils on those matters— (Mr. S. Tomkinson)-^but that gentleman had a strange peculiarity, and that was, that, whether in the Church, the Chamber of Commerce, or in Mlilics, he was always in a minority. (Laughter ) Finding limself in a minority on this occasion, he had sent letters to the various District Councils on this question. But still that gentleman did not succeed in influencing all the District Councils in his favor. He would call the attention of lion, members to a report which had appeared jf the proceedings of the District Council af East Torrens, and there it appeared the letter of Mr. Iomkinson was simply received and no further notice was taken of it. He believed that if they were to import labor, sven take domestic servants, which were alleged to ba scarce, they would be unable to keep them when they saw that they sould get 40 per cent, more in the shape of wages in Victoria. And then as to laboreis it was just the same. He would iust ask the hon. member for Noarlunga, who was in favor at immigration, whether, if he was a blacksmith, for instance— (Oh)— and there were many blacksmiths and carpenters who were as able and could argue political economy as well as the hon. member, or any hon. member of that House, even though the hon. member had studie.i the question from his twentieth year— for the hon. member, no matter what question was brought before the House, had always studied it from the time that he was 2u years of age—daughter)— he would lask whether under those circumstances he would vote money to bring out competition against his labor ? [Laughter and'hear.] WJiy the men who would do this would be simply insane. It was not, however, so much a question of wages as it was of political freedom. Men were said to come out hc-re to better their condition, but it was nGt so much the wages which induced them to leave their homes and all the ties upon the finer feelings aud affections of their nature— (hear)— as the freedom of our institutions. (Hear, hear.J He did not think with these institutions that it was wise to have a large un employed population. He had seen the Hon. Commissioner ot l'ublic Works' office surrounded by hundreds of men when there was a glut of labor in this colony, and the lion, gentleman had always done his best to find employment for them, but a state of things such as this should not exist. The hon. member, Mr. Milne, had also been in this position, and he too had had to look for employment for these men, and did find employment; for them, lie had, however, to recommend a niece ot' work which stood there as a monument of tlie evils of glut of labor, namely, Break neck Hill. That work had been taken up and gone on with without proper consideration, and simply to enable the Government to deal with the un employed. 5,000/. oriO.O'.ot had been spent at Breakneck 11:11, and he might safely say that he had never seen a worse piece of work in his life. There would of couree arise periods when large numbers of men would be out of employment and would have to be employed by the Government, or tiicy would leave the colony and their wives and children to be maintained at the expense of the Government through tlic Destitute Asylum. It was all nonsense to say that the Government were bound to those persons who had bought land in the colony. Those ^parlies bought their land, well knowing that the Government reserved the right of dealing with immigration as they might from time to time think fit. (Hear.) Keearding the police, he thought tlia.. some new principle should be adopted in the management of this department. However, though the mam body ot the police were kept in the cjry he thought they were engaged in work in which the whole colony was interested. However, he should like to see an equitable division of the taxation here, and should suggest that one-third be bourne by the city, one-third by the country, and one-third by the revenue. He thought some such a plan as this would prove feasible- He was sorry that u sum of 5001. had not been placed on the Estimates for the South Australian Institute. He observed 1,000/. for the Botanic Garden, and he con sidered it was a most essential thing that the .Institute should also be supported. [Hear, hear.] He was sure tha the money would be well expended under the management of the Governors. [Hear, hear.] Then the Telegraph de partment wanted attention ; the accommodation in the city was miserable, although the position was perhaps the most central and convenient which could be selected. [Hear, hear, j Still, when compared with the splendid buildings at the Port, and Mount Barker, and elsewhere, he thought they should have a better office in Adelaide. The money for the Post-Office should also have appeared on the Estimates, more especially as the sum had been voted. The hon. member for Yatala had attempted to make a joke, and the hon. member asked what would the teetotal friends of the hon Treasurer say when they met lim upon the question of the removal of the ad valorem duties, and in reference to distillation. He believed the hon. member was sincere in what he said, and though he did not drink so much of the nasty spirits as other hon. mem bers, he believed the present Treasurer would rejoice iu the good time when we should derive our revenue irom other sources than those which tended to debase the people — namely, sources which would advance our moral greatness. (Hear, hear. ) He believed, however, that anyone who looked ciirefullyiuto the present position of the colony must come to only one conclusion, namely, that notwstanding the gloomy forebodings and ibre&uadowiugs; of insolvencies and panics, and so forth, the colony was in a most prosperous condition. Viewing it as a whole, either by the money in our Banks, or our virtuous population, he believed that the colony of South Australia did stand that day in a belter position than any other of the Australian colouies. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SUTHERLAND would not detain the House lon«, and he certainly should not attempt to follow the hon. member who had just sat down. Who could follow him through ail the windings and turnings of his arguments ? Tlie hon. member of course always spoke as ii no one had studied any question but himself, and he seemed to be the only one (or to think himself so) who siood out as the poor man's friend. (Hear, hear.) What about taxation, though? The hon. member had altogether shirked the question. He thought the hon. member's views upon immi Rration were not correct views. Hen did not come cut here to remain always as laboring men; no, they came out here in order that they might t.ecome masters, ' and they did so in many in stances, liad the hon. member arrived in the colony In years curlier he would have known better about this. When the lion, member arrived they were in a period of complete ts'rmoil, and he did not know how they went on before that. Men used then to come out, not for the sake of a few shil lings extra wages, but that they might acquire property, and hecome masters. He would not go fully into this question now, but would try to give them some statistics in reference t-- expense of emigrating to America First, however, in ragara to the budget, he thought they were indebted to the Treasurer for the clear manner in which he had arranged i liese statistics. (Hear, hear. ) There was a vast amount of truth in the remark made by the hon. member for Mount Barker, Mr. Pinniss, in reference to the manner in which statistics might be turned to account. There was one matter which he thought should be explained in regard to taxation, and that was a statement that certain individuals were anxious to grind down the laboring man. (Hear, hear..) The Treasurer ~ had last year stated the difference of taxation between the laboring man and the other classes of the community. (The hon. member here quoted a portion of lhe Treasurer's speech of last sessionj. It appeared from this, that the labouring population actually had paid more per head in tha shape of taxation than the richer classes, and he would ask ?was that right » In reference to the question ol the ad valorem duties, he thought that that amount of revenue should be taken up in order that all might be put on an equitable and just footing ? (Hear.) In regard to the Land Fund, he agreed that it should be kept distinct from the general revenue, and that the greater portion of it should be expended in public works and immigration. If this had been so, nearly 140,0002. could have been laid out iu public works. He did not mean by that a house or two here and there, but -that the money should be expended in roads, bridges, and jettys, and generally for the opening up of the country. Wherever there ?was a large population he con sidered they should have a police officer, telegraphs, and every thing else of the kind. (Hear.) There was one important matter referred to by the Treasurer, and that was m reference to the produce of the land. Had the lion, member made proper enquiry, he would have found that an averageof 13 bushels per acre would not pay the fanner. A fair average would have been 15, 16, If, or from that to 2' bushels per acre. (Hear.) He now came to the question of immigration. Did the hon. member mean to say that the farmers of the colony could reap their harvest, if they should happen to have a very good one, without a large influx of people? He remembered one season when they were almost unable to gather their harvest, and but that they had an implement to do it, one half of the produce of the harvest would have gone to ruin. If they had another large harvest they would never be able to get the crops in. The petitions now being sent in from District Councils were from men who were thoroughly acquainted with the district wants, and had the hon. the Treasurer been as long a district councillor as he (the speaker) had been, he would have known a little more about the wants of the colony in reference to immigration. (Hear, hear.) Tlie District Councillors were those best fitted to judge of the wants of their districts. (No.no.) Oh, of course the hon. Attorney-General, he meant the Commissioner ol Crown Lands, the late Attorney-General, knew far better than he did about all these matters. (Hear, hear.) Oh yes, but could the hon. member say that he knew more about his district— the district of Encounter Bay, which he, tbe Com missioner of Crown Lands represented. Did he know more about that district than the men who as a District Council had ' presented a petition to the House that day ? He said not. (Hear, hear.) These gentlemen had 10 times the knowledge of the district that their representative in that House had. (Hear, hear.) Well, then, it was antici pated that our mines would induce parties to come over from Victoria ; he thought that was very likely, considering that the Victorians were now spending about '29,000/. on immigration themselves. (Hear.) He could not swallow that idea at all. [Hear, and laughter.] One hon. gentleman had instituted a comparison with the expenses of going to America. Now, it was quite true, perhaps, that it might cost 5/. to go from Britain to America if you went to Liverpool and sa'Ied in a first-class packet; but emigrants could be landed in New York at from 2/, 10s. to zl. per head. Then, when they got to New York they had to work their way gradually to the back States. Now it cost 15/. here to he landed at Port Adelaide, and if a gentleman wanted a servant he went there and selected one, and if he wanted to go to Port Augusta, say, he had to pay to go there again. Then, again, what was the time required to go between Britain and New York ? Why, a fortnight; three weeks, .lerbaps, if they went by a sailing vessel. The Treasurerdid not look pleased, but this was a moat important point— (hear, and laughter)— where wages were estimated at I/, per week. There were 10 weeks iu time lost, or rather wages— 10/. lost to the working man, or s/., if a female servant He held that, if we offered to bring immigrants out to this colonyfree, and they liad topay 5/. to goto America,they would yet be the losers in coming out here. (Oh, and laughter. ) He believed that unless the colony devised some good scheme for bringing immigrants out here, it would be unable to get them. (No, no.) Well, he supposed the time of the hon. Comraisioner of Crown Lands was of 110 value; but he could assure the hon. gentleman that it was not a joke for a working man to liave to spend 1 0/. to come out here, and he believed they would find a difficulty in inducing people to come out here. The question with people going to a colony was, where could they go to cheapest and with the least loss of time? He must say, in reference to the petitions presented to that House, that-he admired the action of these men who signed petitions in favor of immigration, who had benefited by that system themselves, and he had presented a petition to the House the other day signed by 71 such persons. (Hear.) He believed they should not look at this question iu a narrow point of view. Wages would rise or fall according as they got out labor. He did hope that the Treasurer would take tbe question of immigration into account before the close of the session. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PARKIN said that this debate had now lasted a long time, and must have considerably taxed the patience of the hon. Speaker, who had to listen to it. He hoped, however, that he would withstand the subject a little longer to give him an opportunity of saying a few words. (Hear, hear.) It was a particularly dry subject, and although a good deal had been said about spirits and wine, he was sorry to say that not a single drop of it had entered his lips. (Laughter. ) The question of figures was at all times a difficult one to handle, but the Treasurer with inimitable tact and skill had spread them out well on this occasion, and had distributed them like an expert caterer on the table in the best style which the colony or the world eould supply (Laughter,) The Treasurer had made some queer remarks ; so had others ; and he hoped they would excuse him if hemadsuse of some queer figures. (Hear, hear.) It had been the custom in the Uritish House of Commons for Chancellors of the Exchequer to stand out at least once a year; it was a privilege conferred upon them. (Hear.) And Chancellors of the Exchequer had stood out, and he h3d witnessed himsoirsome ot them, and had read of others, siich men as D'Israeli, Lewis, and now Gladstone'; and be was the leviathan himself. (Hear and laughter.) It had been the custom of these hon. members, he said, to stand out to be shot at, and to be slapped and whipped, and jostled about; and such was the case here, and the hon. Treasurer had stood forth to receive his castigation. (Hear, and laughter.) The first hon. member who had led off was that little Inmp of good nature, the hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Milne. He had been looking anxiously around the Crown Lands for some sort of a weapon wherewith to give the hon. Treasurer a good rap, hut Ue lad been, at a loss to find one, when he was directed by a -friend who stood upon a bank to a young plantation of poplars-(loud laughter) -in a place called the immigration reserve. Well, he had repaired to the planta tion with a stick upon which he had marked down an immense number of hieroglyphics, and he had given a well divided aim with this at the hon. the Treasurer, but whether it was that, the hon. member was encased in skin-tight coats of stubborn fact or not he did not know, but the blow had struck him and glanced off without injuring him. ( Laughter. J Well, then came the brutum fulmen of Mount Barker— (loud Iaughter)--jammed full of wadding as tight as ever he could hold, and one would have thought that he was going to blow up the whole concern, but some how or other the shots fired were either too high or too low or too much one side or the other; but at last one of them HI the mark ; but lo and behold ! it bounded again with terrific force and pretty nearly disabled the marksman. (Loud laughter.) Then came the hou. member for Gumeracha, like a Boanerges, and he began a thundering rouud and crackling like pods under a pot— (roars of laughter)— and then he descended to Wallaroo and Vulcau likc began to forge his bolts in the subterranean receptacles there, but he found tuat he only made a great noise which reverberated and distributed itself over the colony and put people in terror. Next to him up started the Commissioner of Public Works with his shield, and he, Mr. Parkin, noticed the shield to be lull of holes— (laughter)— bo that every attempt he made to shield the Hon. Treasurer was ridiculous. (Laughter.) He wa9 sorry to detain the House at that late hour. (' Go on; go on. J Then came the popgun of East Torreus —(laughter)— with his revolver. He loaded it with what he called the repeal of the ad valorem duties, and he fired away— not at the Treasurer, but at an empty place in the table, but if he had aimed direct at the Treasurer, it would not have made much difference. He, Mr. Parkin, fancied the hon. member's brain was a little turned when he talked of supporting education, but proposed to put a tax upon knowledge in the shape of postage on newspapers. (Lauhter. J He saw the hon. member still continued to adver tise in the Register aud Observer, the Advertiser and Chro nicle, but would lie put a tax on the papers, which would prevent many from seeing those advertisements? The con tagion seemed caught by the next speaker, the hou. member for We3t Torrens, who talked in the same strain about a knowledge tax. If those gentlemen were let loose on the colony, there was no telling what harm might be done ; but the hon. member for East Torrens had that afternoon shown some symptoms of returning sanity, and had laid before the House some really good aud sensible things. Next came the hon. member for Yatala. He had prepared an instru ment which he brought down on the Treasurer like an — obelisk full of hieroglyphics— (laughter)— as if to sweep away the Treasury, tables and all.. He met with a friend in a Bank, and on consulting with liim, he was advised to go to t!ie immigration plantation aud there cut a stick to beat the Treasurer; and, armed with that, he entered the House. He, Mr. Parkin, also noticed while the hon. member was speaking, he used his foot as if he would have kicked the Treasurer out if hecould. (Laughter.) Butbeinustnotdetain the House any longer. ('Goou.goon.') Well, next came the hon. member for Onkaparinga with a wind clapper ilau«htcr)— «r something of the kind, that made a great noise; and after him followed that great sledgehammer, the Gcneialif Koads. (Laughter.) Then he tnought the Trea surer was in for it ; but after all he didn't seem much the worse. He, Mr. Parkin, had gone through the statement of Ways and Means, and would say that he thought it au honor to tne colony to have such a Treasurer, who could lay before tbe House so clear and lucid and plaiu matter-of-fact state ment. (Ironical cheers from Jlr. N. Blyth.) The moral he drew from the whole was, that whether hon. members sought by avalanches, by stratagem, by fiaesse, or anytliing else, to depose their present Treasurer, his successor would Iind his no easy place. He would warn hon. members that anyone who occupied that seat after the present Treasurer woul 1 find the position anything but a comfortable one. Mr. LINDSAY did not agree with the last speaker that the Treasurer's seat would necessarily be hard for others. HethoughtthcTreasurerhad so smoothed the way forany oue who might follow, that it would be found comparatively easy. The hon. member lor Yatala, Mr. Glyde, had spoken of the Treasurer having iudulged in self- glorification; but of all the speeches he ever heard for self-glorification, he thought that hou. member's beat them all. The hon. member, Mr Millie, had called the Treasurer's statement in question as a matter of account, but he did not impugn the facts or the figures. He, Mr. Liudsay, agreed to a great extent with the hon. member. He thought the ordinary aud extraordinary expenditure would be better kept separate ; but the hon. member wished to know bow much could be got for immigration— 'No, no, from Sir. Milne.' The hon. member said no. He supposed then he must have misunderstood him. but at the time he thought he had tliat object in view. He, Mi Lindsay, differed from another hou. member as to .the advisability of immigration. He might be ;wrong, but he conscientiously gave that as his opinion. He was not there as the advocate for the working man ; but, as a matter of finance, he considered immigration unadvisable. He, how ever, thought it a ^ood thing for immigrants to come to the* colony, though he would not have the public money spent in introducingthem. He differed from the hon. member for \- Inkaparinga, that imports and exports were no criterion of the prosperity of the colony ;' and he thought that the in crease of the population was also to Borne extent when im migrants came here from England. Wages might be high here ; but so long as the colony of Victoria offered as high or higher wages, people would go there, to what they thought easier work. The hon. member. Mr. Milne, said that while the other colonies were voting large sums tor .immigra tion, they coull not expect immigrants to come to this colony. He, Mr. Lindsay, thought that the very reason why they might expect them here, especially if, as was likely, the other colonies imported more than they required, the surplus would come over here. If wages rose temporarily, they would be sure to come down. He believed in voluntary immigration ; and a rise in wages was the surest way to get immigrants from Victoria. With respect to the question of ad-valorem duties, which the hon. member, Mr. Magarey, thought ought to be reintroduced, he, Mr. Lindsay, had voted for their repeal. The hon. member had said that the commercial body were against the repeal. He, Mr. Lindsay, mixed occasionally with commercial men, and from his observation he was induced to believe the con trary. The lion, member seemed to have misunderstood an allusion of the Treasurer, which he thought was meant to hit at some few whose interests were affected with reference to certain importations from Melbourne. The hon. member for Yatala had spoken of the receipts for duties on wines and spirits being diminished, and that every good colonist ought to rejoice at it ; he was glad to sec it, and would be glad also to see free distillation. ' When the Treasurer proposed it last session, he said the whole system -would have to be revised. He,Mr. Lindsay, was strongly in favor of direct taxation, as he thought eventually a federation of the colonies must come about, and this was incompatible with varying tariffs. He would be glad to see the returns from the duties on wine and spirits reduced to nothing, for he thought the colony should grow its own. He would not go into the long state ment of the hon. member for Mount Barker, who was like the ghost of a former Treasurer, mourning over departed scenes for himnevoi to return. [A laugh.] The hon. mem ber for Yatala, too, tantalus-like, saw the keys of the Trea sury alar off, and was not very likely to see them much nearer. (A laugh.; The Treasurer seemed not to care much to reply to their attacks. He would conclude by saying with the hou. member for Gumeracha, tbat tbe thanks of thecountry were due to the Treasurer for the statement which he had laid before the House. Mr. GBDNDY said several hon. members had gone so clogely in their speeches to the Treasurer's statement that he would go as far from it as possible. He would, however, have to refer 'to some things in the Treasurer's speech. [The hon. member here unfolded a newspaper.] The CHAIRMAN said the hon. member could not refer to any newspaper report of a debute in the present ses sion. Mr. GRUNDY could not, then, proceed without, as he had no other memoiandum. (A laugh.) Mr. DALE had a very few observations to make He would not attempt to follow the various speakers who had so well spoken. The most important question which had been alluded to was that of immigration. It was his intention to oppose every attempt to renew immigra tion. The remarks of the hon. member. Mr. Finniss, le viewed with interest. He had said that capital had left the colony for want of proper opportunities of employment for it ; and the same remark held good of labor ; for want of proper employment labor went away. To spend money for the purposes of immigration,! would be a waste of money, unless the immigrants remaining in the colony could be ensured. He thought the laboring classes had a moral right to go to the Government which brought them out, and ask for work when they were out of employment. Various petitions had been sent into the House on the sub ject ; there was a peculiarity about them in his estimation ; for instance, the hon. member, Air. Sutherland, said a petition which he presented was signed by a number of owners and occupiers of land ; it seemed peculiar that they should ask for 1,000 miners ; the argument was too foolish to notice. He approved generally of the Estimates ; some details, however, he should feel it bis duty to oppose. Another subject he would allude to was that of taxation. To quote the words of the hon. member, Mr. Peacock, he would have like i the Treasurer to have taken the bull by the borns, and adopt a more direct system of taxation ; it would have pleased the country. It was, however, so late in the afternoon that he would not go on longer, but would again repeat his determination to oppose any attempt to recommence immi gration. Mr. DDNN said as many hon. members had left the House he would move the adjournment of the debate. The TREASURER thought as it was only half-past i they might go on fora half.an-hour longer. Mr. MILNE thought the debate would not be nearly finished in half-an-hour. The question being put was carried, and the House resumed, the CHAIRMAN reported progress, and asked leave to sit again on the following Tuesday. Mr. DGFFIELD thought they might sit again the next day, as there was no particular business on the notice paper. The TREASURER said the discussion of the steam postal service was an important subject which would occupy their attention on Wednesday, The motion to adjoura the debate till Tuesday was then carried. LAPSED NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr. SANTO, in the absence of Mr. Bagot, requested that No. 1 notice of motion standing in the name of that hon. member be postponed till Wednesday. Agreed. ADJOURNMENT. TheTREXSURER said that on Wednesday he should probably propose an adjournment of the House until the following Tuesday, Thursday being a public holiday. DESPATCH OF BUSINESS. llr. A. BLYTH wished, before the House adjourned, to remark that it was nearly a month since the Government had laid any Bill before the House ; he hoped it would not be long before they brought one forward. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 27 minutes to s until half- past 1 o'clock on Wednesday. ? ♦ ? 