GERMAN LUTHERAN EVANGELICAL NEW CHURCH. The cerememy of laying the foundation-stone of the chapel in Pirie-street in connection with the German Lutheran Evangelical community took place on Thursday. December 2i-. At 3 o'clock about loO or 200 persons were m attendance, including several meinlters of English denomina tions, and shortly after that hour the proceedings commenced by the singing of the hymn com mencing ' Koaimt her ihr Christen voller frend,' after which Mr. Bechtek engaged in prayer in the German language. The Kev. Christian Maschmidt next read the S4th Psalm. Mr. Gaedechexs then laid the stone, saying— ' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place the founda tion- stone of the Evangelic Lutheran Church, in the name pf God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' He then addiessed a few words in the German language to the assembly. He afterwards spoke in Englisli, and said they had ust laid the foundation-stone of a new chapel, and he hoped and trusted that, with the help of the Almighty, the work just begun would lie brought to a successful end in a very short time. There were many present who had subsenbed towards the erection of the building, and he had no doubt that many others would when applied to. He hoped to see the work soon finished, and also even to see not only Germans, but also their English brethren worshipping there. He trusted also that the building of that church would be the means of bringing the Germans to worship there, and thus to strengthen the ties of brotherhood. The 'Kev. Mr. Keen, Bible Christian minister, was called upon to speak. He referred to the fact of the German Lutheran body having worshipped in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, for many years, and expressed the pleasure hs ex perienced in seeing that they had that day commenced a building for themselves. He thought the doctrines held by this church were the same as those of the English churches ; and he expe rienced no little pleasure in being able to show his sympathy with those who spoke another language, but who were pressing forward to the same country, and who worshipped the same God. He thought it was a matter of great consolation and of no little congratulation to know that their German friends could build as many chapels as they pleased in this land without any fear of molestation. With regard to the building of the church, he was not prepared to say what would be the result of the erection; but if only one soul were brought to Christ by the means of that church it would be a subject for congratulation. He concluded by urging them to make an effort, and open the chapel free of debt. f The Kev. Mr. Maschmidt then spoke in Ger man. He referred to the many difficulties they had had to contend with, and thanked their Eng lish brethren for granting them accommodation to worship Gotl. He also thanked God for permitting them to build a chapel on their own freehold land, and exhorted all those who were not in the habit of attending the means of grace to do so; and he hoped that that church would be the spiritual birthplace of many souls. The 'Te Deum' was then sung, prayer was offered up, a collection was made, and the company dispersed. ' In the little placed under the stone there were enclosed copies of the daily papers and the follow ing address written in German:— 'This German Lutheran Community was founded in the year 1S17 by the late Kev. Fneiirich Barchelt. After haying for nine years devotedly filled his office, he died 2,Sth August, 1S5«. As his successor, Joliann Christian Maschmidt was ap pointed 2nd June, 1S57. The foundation-stone was laid by Mr. A. Gaedechens on the 2(ith De cember, 18(51. The clergyman of this community is Johann Christian Maschmidt. The Church wardens are Messrs. Conrad Bechtel and George Grosse. The Trustees are Messrs. Heinridi Greg mann, August Bargult, Wilhelm Bruggeman, Wilhelm Bresser, David Diedrich, George Klem land, George Grosse, Christian Maschwid, and Conrad Bechtel. The church was built by Messrs. J. Baur & Chamnswood.' THE TEA MEETING. Pulteiicy-strcet Schoolroom, after which there was a public meeting, which was presided over by. Mr. James Scott. The Ch.ukman, after a hymn had been sung, called upon Mr. Bechtel (Churchwarden) to offer a prayer. He then stated that he was placed at a great disadvantage in being called upon to preside over a meeting, the majority of whom were but partially acquainted with his language, while he was altogether unaciiuaintcd with their language. 1 le felt that this disadvantage kept many Christians from a knowledge of the numbers and conditiun of the Evangelical Lutheran Church. Still he was satisfied, from his own cwmiries, that they were a true branch of Christ's Church. The name of Luther carried a claim in the veneration of every Protestant, and their prefix Evangelical was a still further claim on the confidence of all true Christians. This was a time when it was not meet to stand apart because of slight denominational distinctions. There was too much soul-destroying error abroad to warrant any want of union among those who served - ;od in spirit and in truth. He believed it was admitted that up to this time there had been insufficient church accommodation for the members of the German Evangel'cal Lutheran Church; but he hoped the work begun that day would be tlie commencement of a new era, when they would not only have greater church accommodation, but increased dispositions to avail themselves of all tin; spiritual advantages afforded to them. Mr. Gaedeuhexs then addressed the meeting on the part of tiie Committee, giving a statement first in German and afterwards in English, to the following eliect:— The church of which the founda tion-stone had been laid that day was intended to ha :1X feet long and 2(5 feet wide : the total cost was to be ! £15) Us. The Committee had taken care to be as j economical as possible, and therefore were unable to provide for any ornamentation. They were content to meet necessary requirements, and to I leave lliclnsmitifyinp nf Llinhniuliiw to thu future. I ilie land upon which the church was to be built j cost £100; tlie erection of the building and com- ' pietion of its interior would cost JCS50. There had i been £S50 already collected, and both English and ; German friends had come forward in the mo*t handsome manner. He believed they were cquallv I pleased at tlie progress of the work upon which they were engaged. He hoped that when their church was completed they would Iwve generally [ as large an attendance as he had the gratifica tion of seeing that morning. He believed that the Committee would spare neither time nor exertion to secure the advantage of and give satisfaction to the community. (Applause.) He hoped also that meetings of that description would be more frequent, that their English friends might beconn; better acquainted with what was doing by their brethren of the German Church. They were ;;1I South Australians, and as such should join to do as much good as their means would allow. The Kev. Mr. Maschmmt, pastor of the con gregation, addressed tlic meeting in German. The Kev. Mr. S. Kken regretted that, their fore fathers had been led to commence a tower which they were not allowed to complete. To that he might perhaps ascribe his annoyance at not being able to understand what ho had no doubt was a very excellent speech. They were all, however English and ( icrmans— children of one Father, and the latter, at least, were acquainted to some extent with English, and therefore they would be able to understand the addresses of their English friends. The work begun that day ought to have been com menced years ago. An unlettered but sincere Christian once sung— ''Twas late before I did begin To .seek to live for ever ; But now I'll mn fast as I can— 'i'is better late than never.' So, he said, it was better to have laid the foundation stone of their church that day than to have further delayed a work which they ought to have com menced long ago. lie dwelt upon the similarity of the Lutheran doctrine, 'justification by faith,'' to the doctrine which the Bible Christians con sidered most important, and he hoped the wor shippers in that church would spare no exertion to evangelize all their Protestant brethren. The amount wanting in their estimate, he said, was so small that he fully believed they would have their church free from debt by Easter. The Kev. J. Gaudneii apologized for his want of knowledge of the German language, but said he was much struck with the deep attention paid to the address of their pastor— an attention which the undoubted eloquence and sound and striking peculiarities of Mr. Keen's style failed to com mand. He would be most happy if he could pet a good instructor to attempt to master the German language : and unless it did what no other language had yet done— prove too much for him— he would,, when he attained the necessary fluency, be most happy to address them frequently. He congratulated them on that day's proceedings, and prayed that when the building was completed it would be dedicated to and preserved for the preach ing of the Gospel in its purity and simplicity. Mr. Bkchtel addressed the meeting in German, a collection was made, and the proceedings closed with prayer and praise. ? New Devox Mining Company. — The first half-yearly meeting of this Company was held on the 2(ith instant, at the Gresham Hotel, King William-street. Mr. A. AVatts. Chairman of the Directors, presided. He opened the business by reading the report for the half-year. It described the operations at the mine, and included the sub stance of the report from the local manager. The number of men employed at present is 13, hut it is intended to put on some additional hands, as the Directors have every confidence in the mine becoming a good property. Tlie balance-sheet stated the total receipts to have been £3,003; the expenditure had been £2,130 los. 3d. ; balance in hand, £572 4s. fld. The Chairman said instructions hail been given to the Captain to sink in a direction where he felt great confidence that he would come upon the continuation of the lode from Section 411. In reply to Mr. Dawes, he said the deed of settlement had been registered under the Limited Liability Act. The report aud balance sheet were adopted without opposition. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the business. The Cakt Accident in Rundle street.— In our issue of yesterday a paragraph appeared describing a cart accident which occurred in Kundlc-street on Monday, and stating that Dr. Woodforde- ''refused to attend'' a woman who was slightly injured. This, however, was quite a mistake, and we regret that the writer of the naragraph was misinformed. It appears that Dr. Woodforde attended the woman gratuitously in his own surgery; that he dressed the slight wound she had received, and gave her all necessary advice, On walking up Rundle-strcer, however, a half an hour afterwards, he was -asked by a young man who did not know what had taken place since the accident whether he would attend to the matter; and as it was not explained that everything ne cessary had been done, the applicant came to the conclusion that the woman had not been seen, and that Dr. Woodfordc refused to go to her. This is how the unfortunate mistake arose. Death by Drowning. — A boy, about eight years of age, named Thomas Taylor, son of a person living in Kennode- street, North Adelaide, went down to the Railway Bridge with several other boys, between 4 and 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, to have a bathe. It appears that his companions went away, leaving him alone in the water. A short time afterwards they returned, and while bathing one of them kicked something which was lying in the bed of the river. On pulling it out they discovered that it was Tas'lor, who appeared to be quite dead: Some of them ran off to procure assistance, while two men who had been passing when the body was drawn out of the water used every endeavour to restore animation, but without success. The corpse was remoyed to the Newmarket Inn{ where the Coroner will hold an inquest this morning. A_delaide Police Coukt.— The only business before this Court on Thursday, was the disposal of two drunken cases, the result of an' extra libation on Christmas Day. The offenders were discharged with a caution, 