i a tat, 15 OF WRITER'S BUILDINGS, j f aw East Indian Sketch. We had drunk deeply ; Writer's Buildings re-echoed with our shouts of mirth; eleven o'clock sounded, but not a word of parting t iaj yet been pronounced. The claret was excellent., the guests amusing. Unlike orgies 1 of a similar description in Europe, not an argu- ment had arisen to dim the bright hilarity of ! jijg evening. A feeling of brotherhood existB 5 among Englishmen in India, arising from the I jjgiancc of their common home, that joins them | jn cioser ties of friendship than those we enter f mto elsewhere, more particularly if you are ' in I the service.' In our country a man may bo in | the army, navy, church, or law, and yet not I feel that everyone in his profession is conse- | quently his intimate friend. In India, however \ i those who, as I said before, are ' in the ser- I vice,' consider themselves as members of a I fraternity which binds them together in links I of the strongest friendship. It is true the cid | vilian is apt to think himself a much greater 1 man than the Boldier ; yet, as this feeling is | principally displayed by opening his house and 1 entertaining his less rich fellow labourers, the | military man has little to grumble at, and I i consequently partakes of the sumptuous fare afforded him without murmur, as 1 did on the j- evening I have selected for this sketch. H Jack Thornton had lately arrived. He was the son of a director, and, perhapB, assumed a "Mew airs and graces in consequence, which were willingly admitted ; for in Bengal we look upon % the lordB of Lendenhall as something exceeding Jrthe Emperor of Russia in power, in riches he re yond Croesus, and (I must in common grati- Jt tude add) in kindness unequalled by any other rulers in the world. To come back, however, v to my story. The conversation had turned upon ghoBts. Some boldly admitted their belief in Buch ap pearances , others half doubted ; while the ' third and most numerous part of the company ridiculed the idea as being impossible, offering to undergo all kinds of tests in order to prove : ' their scepticism. At the head of this party waB young Thornton. i:: ' It is really too ridiculous to talk of such -things in the nineteenth century,' cried ; he. ' Ghosts, indeed ! I should like to see one.' h ' So should I,' chimed in Gravestock ; 'notli- H ing would give me greater pleasure., H ' Here's a health to all ghosts and gob- 8 lias !' laughingly shouted Tom Baghott, a Byoung cavalry officer ; and the toast was drunk with great merriment. B ' 4s an amendment I vote that we go and drink it in the churchyard,' said Thornton ; ' they'll bear ub better there.' H ' Really, I fear, my dear sir, you are going Ha little too far,' said Mr Martin, the clergyman of St John's. ' Like yourself, I am no believer in such appearances as you describe, but I must confess that I am wholly opposed to such indecorous proceedings as those you propose. |ln vocations of the kind might, indeed, summon If with anger the dead from their graves.' >| e Twaddle 1' interrupted Gravestock.' :4 ' Egad ! if they're to be had out of their 7 very resting places,' said Thornton, "we'll .-Sliive 'em, Here goes !' said he, and, assuming ' a very Eerious air and manner, in despite of V the opposition of the clergyman, he pronounced '< in a very solemn voice. ' By all the powers of \- necromancy, past, present, and future — by \- every incantation, holy and unholy — by every ; adjuration, I hereby, if such a thing be possible, call upon the dead to appear 1' Baghott, who had left the room for a single instant, heariog this, pompous conjuration, i suddenly hurst into the room with a loud i,' Bah !' 'v The effect was so sudden, so unexpected. that Thornton uttered a loud scream and sprang I from hiB chair. In an instant thegeneral laugh recalled him to himself, when, smarting under ||tha quix (which being unanimously kept up at llhts expense, be wisely refrained from resenting ®t) he reseated himself, determined, however, iKfnol only to be quits with Master Tom on a future occasion, hut also to redeem his character ' from the braggadocio hue which now slightly Ringed it. After much laughing, after a hun dred topics had been in turn discussed, Thom son suddenly turned round, and abruptly /adverted to the conversation which bad already /.caused him so much pain— ' Gentleman, I was taken by surprise just' feStnow ; I was startled, I acknowledge, and 'ffavercome by sudden fear; hut, as you have J 3had your laugh at me, it is but fair, in my (urn . that I should have ray revenge on some .gfiifyou. I require but a slight one. A thou- lAiand rupees will compensate for the little affront has been put upon me. Now, gents, who ytill bet me a thousand rupees that 1 do not go Sthroughany ordeal with respect to ghosts and goblins that may be assigned to me ?' 6 5 ' I w'"'' reP''ud the president ; for he wished sincerely to make up for his apparent rudeness in having joined the laugh at Thorn- ton's expense, even though he felt he ahould -lose his money. ' Done !' ' Done I' 1 Now, then, what am I to do ?' : ' It is nearly twelve o'clock. You shall go to the churchyard of St John's, which is close by, and pick up a skull 1 6aw lying there to day near old Halliday's tomb, and, with a hammer and nail, which you can take with you, fasten the said skull to the wooden monu ment temporarily erected over the grave of poor Martin, then come back, and finish the evening here. I thiuk I have let him off lightly' added the president in a whisper to his next neighbour. ' I only bargain for one thing: namely tint no practical jokes are played off on me. To insure this, promise me that no one stirs from this table till I return. I, on the other hand, am willing, on my return, to pledge my bon our that 1 have accomplished the task, or pay the debt. You must, however, allow me two . hours to perform it, as I must take the oppor- tuoity when the wateh ie off the beat.' These terms were agreed to, the required assurances given, and Thornton stated off to his house to prepare himself for his undertaking leaving the revellers to enjoy themselves till his return. Once more at home Thornton sent out a : scout to see that the coast was clear ; then changing his dress, and donning a large mili tary cloak, he armed himself with a hammer and nail, and started off for St John's church yard. The night was one of those beautiful specimens of oriental climates which in some ; degree compensate for the violent heat of the ; day. The heavens presented an expanse of the ' darkest blue, thickly studded with stars. . o moon was visible, but the lesser luminaries gave Sufficient light to distinguish imperfectly objects in the immediate neighbourhood. A gentle breeze fanned the earth, slightly sighing i PaE8ed through the ornamental buildings t\ .derived at his destination without meeting i wuh a single living being, Thornton boldly 1 entered the churchyard, steadily resolved to accomplish the feat that had been proposed to him. It is true he felt a slight nattering around the region of the heart, for which he could not account ! also a continual desire to swallow his saliva, which, though generally admitted to be an indication of fear or strong emotion, could scarcely be so in the present instance, for tho youth never stepped more firmly than when he entered the place of Christian sepulture. Without much difficulty he found the skull, but, as he picked it up, he could not help thinking ho heard some one pronounce his name. Ab he raised himself a shadow appeared to flit by him. Could he be deceived by his senses ? Could the dead thus rise to reproach him ? Well he knew, after the pledge that he had received, that none of his companions could have followed him. The man he had sent as scout had too well exam ined the place to believe that one could lurk there. Whence, then, the sound which he had heard, as it were, close to his ear ? Al ready he began to feel that he was wrong in thus desecrating the remains of mortality. For a moment he hesitated whether he should not return and give up the bet. The money was no object, but the tauntings which would attend such a result he could not hear ; so, in spite of everything, he de. termined to complete his task. He now strode across the burial ground. He suddenly felt a jerk. He started, and uttered a low ejaculation. He looked round it was merely his cloak, that had caught the corner of a tombstone. He hastily Bnatched it away and proceeded. Presently he felt a blow on his leg. For a moment he was Btartled. In the next he smiled, as he per ceived it was only against a prostrate iron rail that he had hit it. On coming close to Martin's place of rest he stepped on some new earth, and sank ankle deep into it. It was the new grave of a friend, a fellow pas senger, who had been interred that morning He felt shocked ; yet, determined to accom plish his object, he at length laid his hand on' the wooden tablet, which, till the marble one should be completed, covered the remains of poor Martin, hia brother writer, his late chum. As he knelt down beside the monument, which consisted of a flat piece of board, resting on four brick walls, about eighteen inches from the ground, he felt more inclined to pray for the repose of hia friend's soul than thus to dishonor the covering to his ashes by an irreverent act. Again, however, the idea of the ridicule to which he would be exposed shot across his mind, and he set about his task, being determined to do it as quietly as possible. Having placed the skull upon the tablet, be was pulling his hammer from his pocket when, in turning, his hat was suddenly knocked off. He rose, and, with the boldness often inspired by fear, looked around him. No one was near. He had most likely struck it against something, and so caused it to fall oft". In groping around he grasped a human bone, which he threw away with a shudder. Again he felt about, and his hand touched a cold, slimy frog : its icy, clammy chill re minded him of death. He determined to finish his labour before he again sought his hat, so down he knelt, and earnestly com menced his task. With extreme agitation he began to fasten the skull to the tomb. As the nail ground through the bone he fancied some one or other twitched him from behind ; but, determined that nothine should now. deter him, he gave one more stroke, and the dead man's head was firmly affixed to the monument of his friend. He was about to rise, when he felt himself held down by the back of hie heck. Here there could be no mistake. Who is there ?' loudly demanded Thornton. ' By heaven ! if you don't let me go I'll strike you dead with this hammer !' No answer was given, and Thornton began to feel extremely, agitated.1 ' Who's there; I say ? I'll not consider this a joke. Scoundrel, let me get up !' And he strove to rise, but in vain ; the same firm grasp held him by the nape of the neck. His horror now almost amounted to madness, for, by stretching out his leg, he had clearly 'ascertained that no one was behind him. ' Living or dead, you shall not conquer me !' added he, in a paroxysm of fear and despera tion ; 'you shall not hold me !' and he at tempted suddenly to spring up. In the next instant he was dashed down upon his face perfectly insensible. In the meantime the two hours demanded by the adventurous better had expired, and some of the party at the Writer's Buildings proposed to go and look after Thornton, and claim the bet, which was now clearly won. Supposing that his courage had failed him, and that he had quietly sneaked home to avoid the sneers of the company, it was pro. posed they should one and all go to the young man'B house, and have their laugh out at his expense. The proposal was warmly approved of, and they sallied forth ; but, alas ! the bird was flown. From the servant's account he had evidently gone forth to accomplish tho task he had undertaken ; so to the burying place they joyously trudged. The gate was open ; Thornton was evidently there. They shouted to him; no reply was given, so in they marched. Presently they came to Martin'b grave, beside which lay their friend, perfect ly motionless. In an instant the drunken party became sobered, nndthey felt too late that they had engaged in an affair likely to terminate in a disagreeable manner, and reproached themselves with having seriously frightened a good comrade and a valued friend. Those who were nearest immediately stepped forward to raise poor Thornton up. He was cold and insensible. A doctor, who was of tho party, advanced ; he looked alarmed, felt tho pulse, put his hand upon the breast, then turning round, exclaimed, in a Yoice which struck terror into every heart around him, ' He is dead — quite deadV The friends who supported him hoped he was deceived, and attempted to remove the body. It was attached to the tomb. In an instant tho whole cause of his terror and death was apparent. His cloak had slipped in between the skull nnd the tablot— he had firmly nailed it to the monument, so that when he had endeavoured, poor fellow ! to rise, he had been held down by the back of the collar, and, striving with a jerk to free himself, had been naturally thrown down by it. The matter was hushed up. To this day tho friends of the unhappy youth know not tho cause of his death. From that moment none of tho company have ever indulged in a practical joke. A brave, good, and virtuous youth was thus immolated in attempting to prove his courage, where no such test was required. Let his example serve as a beacon to the foolhardy. 