'THE MEDIUMS AND THEIR SPIRITS. A correspondent ,"of the Times raises the very pertinent question' ivhy the spirits which play foolish pranks with chairs and tables do not make.themselves generally useful For example, when some uneasi ness was felt about the . Prince of Wales, why did not Mr! Hump's spirits give intellt-. g^ncij of liis,plac^^M^ the state oi-Jps health; 'anil the aveatiicr ? Why do they ubt now 'give us the. news of the army in i China,'where it is, how it is, what it has done, what it is doing and what it is about to do ? Why do they not help U3 in the office of detective police, and denounce cri minals ? Why do they not clear up the j mystery of the Eoad murder? It is not difficult to anticipate the answer. The negroes say that the monkey can talk as well as any of U3, "but if^he talkco he workcc." And there may he a like reason for the refusal of spirits to furnish us with the useful information they possess. If they did so they would become our servants of-all-work in the way of news, and would not have a moment to themselves for table turning or any other idle diversion. To begin, they would at once bo attached to the different newspapers. Every journal would have its heading of Latest Intelli gence from our own Special Spirit Medium. The electric telegraph would at once be mined, and the spirits would find themselves reduced to servitude to man, and nerform ing the offices of common carriers. Diversi ties would then probably appear, and one staff of spirits 'would be found better in formed than another. The spirits of the Times would differ from the spirits of the Daily Dews, and the spirits of the\Gloh would be at (odds with the Sun. Who could decide when spirits disagree? The Times, indeed, would have its special secu rity for being well served. It would resort to competitive examination of the spirits, and give its appointment to the spirits showing tho greatest learning. But unfor tunately there is a stumbling-block iu the peculiar deficiency of the spirits in spelling and a spirit who could tell what is passing at the antipodes would berejectedjisunqua lified because it could not spell a word of two syllables. It is also very doubtful whe ther the spirits could pass an examination in any branch of knowledge, for they either are ignorant, or they stimulate ignorance, for the same reason that the monW holds his tongue. Hence they will only trifle with us, hoist people in the air, arid animate upholstery. It is their pleasure not to servo us, but to make us stare. There was a timo when the great thought it beneath them to know or to do anything useful, and the spirits are now possessed of the same pride. Perhaps with the progress of. improvement they will learn better, but at present they will not condescend to order, disorder being their special delight, so thcyjwill not do the work of a housemaid, though theyjwill make furni ture perform all sorts of uusuitable'gambols, grave tables rearing and lacking and plung ing, and easy chairs taking to their heel3 | and bolting. But, after all, there is nothing new under the sun, and the spirits of the present day are the Brownies of Scottish superstition, some of whom were of a benevolent, others of a malevolent nature, the former doing household work with matchless regularity and handiness, the latter playing all sorts of mischievous pranks. - The rapping, too, is of ancient usage. The Cock Lane ghost was a rapper, and the spirits at Woodstock in the time of the Commonwealth were also rappers, and, like Mr. Hume's spirits, embodied themselves in furniture, legs of tables advancing rampant; a warming-pan running wildly about, (and a turn-up bed rcariug bolt upright, to the vast inconve nience of two Commissioners of Inquiry therein folded up. In Glanvillo's History of Witches , many examples of a like kind will he found, but in those dark times the raps had. not found interpreters, and were an unknown tongue, and the spirits which animated upholstery had not been brought uuder tho subjection of mediums and intro-1 duced familiarly to tea-parties. . j Tho mediums having acquired a certain degree of control, short indeed of employing spirits for any useful purpose,Jbut'cnough to make them obedient to command, in idle exhibitions, who knows but" the . time may [ come when this authority now in its infancy may be extended, so that all the agency of intelligence may be unerringly performed by spirits 1 Let U3 imagine a thousand years hence the agitation of tho Great Slave Spirit Question. Let us imagine a Clark son raising tho cry of Emancipate your Spirits, and the humanity of the ago revoltiug against mediums Holding spirits in thraldom, and compelling them to fetch and carry, to perform menial offices, and run all over the globe to ransack its secrets. —Examiner. Reduction* or Wages —A general reduction in thy rate of wages hitherto paid, we are in formed, i» ab<mt to be made lav nearly all the companies. This, though not a pleasing circum stance to have to report, seems au inevitable necessity, remembering that shareholders are com plaining of extiavagam expenditure, and are get ling clamorous ior dividends. — Tarrenyoictir 'Times. A ItoausiiY i" a Hoakdin'o House—A few days ago a person arrived at lhllarat from tho biu-h, and took up his quarters in a hoarding kinna on the Flat. On retiring to rest, ho had a cheque for £!), on Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co, of Geclong, and £0 iu notes aud gohl, which were deposited under Ills pillow. On awakening the following morning, ihe money and cheque, which k id been rolled up in a goatskin purse, had disappeared, a3 had also a person who hud slept iu the Mine room us the loser.—BaV.arixt 'limes. A WoxDiinruL Story!—Cur.iovs Claim. An American citizen, Mr. KoK-rt A. Pariah, jun., Ins memorialised Mr. Buchanan, nskii his attention to a demand lor £000,01)0 upon the French Emperor. Mr. l'aifch says his claim is based upon a personal promise of the Emperor some time about tho year 1S53, to give him (ho amount in question, if he succeeded in demon* strutini* the existence of a gold-field similar to that of California, and accessible to the arms of Franco. Ho has fulfilled this condition, and France is not only in possession of the gold-field, but has worked it for several vears, and obtained an annual profit of £20,000,000. Tho scone of the wealth is in the interior of Africa, especially east of Stmegawbia 'and the Kong Mountains » After an interview between Mr. Parish and the* Emp:ror, thirteen vessels and 2500 men wen despatched for the conquest of the territory, and the nsull has been "the unparalleled opu lence" of his Majesty, The faithless person in the affair has been M. Fould. The Emperor wished Mr. Parish to have half the produce—" a flood of munificence" which that gentleman " declined from its very magnitude." He desir ed, indeed, to fix his claim within modest limits. But M. Fould insisted ho should make it three times as largo as he had at flirst proposed, in order that one-third might be appropriated by M. Fould himself. After the expedition had sailed M. Fould proposed that (mother third . should be appropriated " to one of his creatures." "Stultified at this new usurpation, Mr. Pariah hesitated to comply, and II. I'ollM has pursued him with implacable hostility ever since. Ht has even gone eo far ns to insinuate that Mr. Parish is insane. During three subsequent Tisits to Paris, Mr. Parish has found himself sub ject to the strictest surveillance, and all his efforts to see the Emperor, or to communicate with him by letter, have been baffled. Once, in December, 1858," he saw the Emperor at Couit, and his Majesty entered into conversation, and promised him a private audience with a view to some 6nal agreement; " but before this could bo brought about," says Mr Parish, " I was again expelled from Prance by the strategy of M. Putrid." Under all these circumstances ho asks the sym pathy of the United States' President, and pointa put the fact of Prance having coined £20,000,000. sterling of gold annually during Bevcral years past, "abundantly manifests the justice of the demand for compensation." It is not stated if Mr Buchanan has replied to the appeal. It appears that an offer of the scheme was originally made to the United States' Go vernment in 1853, but that " msinly through the inability of the Administration to execute it with adequate sccresy it was not carried out." Mr. Parish reminds Mr. Buchanan, however, that they talked tho matter over prior to their "voyage to Europe" in that year. He now com plains that ho has felt the effects of the malignity of M. Fould pursuing him from France even in America. Possibly in some suggestion that strict surveillance is necessary in one country as much as the other 