AGRICULTURAL REPORT. Wednesday, ist May. Tlie produce market remains precisely as it was last week. Flour is in steady de- mand in small parcels and at unchanged prices, and good samples of wheat are readily disposed of, but few such are offered in town. Seed oats, and barley are in moderate request, but malting does not appear to have been commenced yet to any such extent as was anticipated. Good colonial feed oats are very saleable, but there has been no change in the prices giren for any description of grain. The hay market is still over-supplied with inferior loads, and these are, if anything, more diffi- cult of sale than before, but good loads are quickly purchased at full rates. The de- mand for hay is likely to fall off rather than to improve during the next two or three months, so that the growers should aroid overcrowding the market, if possible, or a considerable reduction of price will have to be submitted to; but it is not ad- visable to hold back for a rise, which can scarcely take place, although confidently expected by some. The quantity of hay round Melbourne is fully sufficient in quan- tity to last until next season, however defi- cient it may be in quality, and all over the country the supply is abundant, and prices are lower than they are here. On Monday, the committee of the Port Philip Society made their preliminary arrangements for the ploughing matches of the season. Six are to be held in all, besides the champion match to wind up with, and in the following districts-namely, ¡ Melbourne, Donnybrook, and Opper Plenty, Lancefield, Mornington, Bacchus Marsh, and Gisborne. Thc amount to be offered in prizes will be the same as last year at the district matches, but there is to be a trifling reduction in the amount to be offered at the metropolitan match. The branch com- mittees «ill of course make their own regu- lations as before ; but an important and judicious change has been made in one respect by the Melbourne committee, and that is, in leaving each ploughman to cut his furrows of any width and depth he may choose. On the morning of the match, the extent of ground to be ploughed, and the time, will be stated, when each competitor may commence at h»s two ridges unfettered in other respects, and the judges will have simply to decide which is the best work. Thc old regulation, as to the width and depth of furrow, was never strictly adhered to; in fact, could not be where the ridges were properly formed, so that it was in- jurious in more ways than one. A sub- committee has been appointed to select the ground for the Melbourne match ; and per- sons having pieces of land within a few miles of town, and suitable in other respects, are invited to communicate with the secre- tary. Ia return for the prize wheat sent hence to Adelaide last year, the South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural Society have forwarded to the Governor Sir Henry Barkly, three bags of their best wheat of this season, to promote this friendly inter- change of prize samples and superior new varieties, from which so much benefit may be derived. These three bags contain four bushels of the wheat from thc hill country which took the first prize at the last Ade- laide show, 67£lb. to the bushel ; four bushels of the first prize wheat, grown on the plains, 66lb. 14oz.; and four bushels of a new and fine description of wheat called "Callaby's purple straw," and presented "jy Mr Frame. This wheat has been handed over by the Governor to the Port Phillip Society for distribution among the farmers here. In exchange, the Adelaide Society wish to have a few pounds of the different sorts of grain which took the principal prizes here this year, and these are to be sent-as many of them at least as are to be obtained so long after the show and consequent dispersion. It is the custom here to sell all the prize samples of grain by auction at the close of each exhibition, but it is still possi- ble to procure small quantities of most of, the best kinds. The prize wheat was from | I Adelaide, so that need not be sent back 1 again. For the future it would be better to have a clear understanding between the two societies in regard to these exchanges, so that the best samples may be secured at the proper time. On Friday next, a part of the distillation question is to be brought be&re; Parliament ia connexion with the amounts to be charged as license-fees on stills. Two bills are to be introduced on the subject, one embracing this part of the question, and the other the amount of duty to be charged on spirits made in the colony. On the same day it is also to be decided whether the exportation ot Victorian guano is to be allowed or not. It is scarcely to be supposed that a majority of the members could be induced to sanction any such prohibitory measures as are asked for; but those who are in favor of a high ex- port duty should satisfy themselves as to how lo ag in any case our own deposits are likely to last before we will have to import from the neighboring colonies. A sum of £2000 was voted yesterday by the Assembly for the introduction of alpacas, in order that the number of the flock now here may be increased, and that some more of the finer bred animals may be intro iuce.l to keep np the improvement in the quality of the wool of the increase. The Chief Secretary's statement in the House last night, that two ot' the three new pleuro-pneumonia Commissioners were to be men of high professional standing, and the third a gentleman who, though not a stockowner, possessed a character which placed him above suspicion, created some little anxiety among the applicants, from its vagueness and uncertainty as to their pros- pects, until it became known that the two professional men are Messrs Smith and Miscamble, and the unprofessional gentle- man Mr Ojiillby. As to the fitness of Mr Smith, the former inspector, there can be no question, but since the other two names have been announced, many are beginning to fear for the success of the measure. Argus. THE INUNDATIONS IN HOLLAND.-If the distress of the homeless poor ia London is great at this inclement season, that of the j inhabitants of the district through which the river Waal wends its course to join the ! Maese is frightful to an extreme. In the beginning of January it was observed that the vast accumulations of snow in this dis- trict was causing the rise of the river to a dangerous extent. With anxiety and dread the inhabitants watched the daily increase of the invading waters, now laden with im ' meuse masses of ice, and strenuously exerted themselves to strengthen the resistance offered by those artificial barriers by which alone Holland is preserved from total sub- mersion. But still the flood rose, and thc ice-masses formed themselves, as it wer», into huge battering-rams, pressing with their irresistible strength against the dykes and dams. The sound of the church bell, clear and ominous in the frosty air, kept telling the sad tale of imminent danger and warning all who could labor to aid in the good cause and those who could n«t to prepare for the worst. Higher and higher rose the waters, and soon tue surface of the ponderous shifting ice-mass stood within half an inch of the dyke-leveL Good God! should it rise that half inch higher, their cottages, their cattle, their provisions, their all would become a prey to the un- sparing havoc Then rose to heaven many a prayer for help-for mercy. At last a bulging out in the dyke directed the anxious gaze of all to one spot-for the waters were pressing hard upon it. With the strength and energy of despair they tried to stay the progress of the flood as it sought egress from sad the waters poured through-the ice masses and tlie flood rose above it, and .wept on in their terrific course, submerg- ing fields, barns, and cottages, drowning the cattle, destroying all. The aged and the sick, the women and children, sought a refuge in their attics, where, benumbed with cold, without bedding, clothes, fire, or pro- visions, they had to pass days of inexpres- sible terror, of horrible starvation. For a long time it was impossible to approach them, and it is feared many a cottage has been swept away in the flood, and its inhabitants frozen to death on the ice masses. One family of seven persons was rescued from the attic in which they had sought shelter so thoroughly exhausted by cold and hunger that they could not even answer the questions of their deliverers. A poor mother, with h< r infant, to which she had given premature birth, was lying in bed in the bleak attic of her homely dwelling, while her husband, from an aper- ture in the roof, sought, by cries and sig- nals, to st tract the attention of a few brave men, who at the imminent risk of their lives were endeavoring to make their way i et ween the ice-blocks, iu order to rescue some of their perishing fellow-creatures from destruction. They went to the poor fellow's help, descended into the attic through the aperture in the roof, through which they returned, bringing with them the mother and her babe. It was time, for the waters had already risen to within two inches of her bed. The distress and alarm of these districts are great, for the evil may have only commenced. Should a sudden thaw set in, or the wind blow fiercely from the north-west, God knows what additional misery and destruction will ensue.-Rotter- dam correspondence of the Daily News. A FRENCHMAN'S VIEW OF THE CONDITION OF IRELAND.-The Revue des Deux Mondes came out in its last number with a leading article (to which the place of honor is given) concerning Ireland. This periodical is by far the most extensively circulated and pow- erfully written serial on the Continent. It is also, perhaps, useful to add something about the writer of this particular essay, Jules de Lasteyrie has long held high rank as an accomplished statesman, sat in the Chamber of Deputies under Louis Philippe, sat in the National Assembly, and is so far connected with Ireland that he married a niece of the Duke of Leinster, the daughter of Count de Rohan Chabot, that Duke's brother-in law, an alliance that brought about frequent visits to the Emerald Gem. The whole tenor of the article is to demolish the exorbitant bosh found in some ignorant Paris prints about the " oppressed nation- ality" of that British island. He ques- tions both the nationality and the oppres- sion. The first he tests by the criterion of language, scrutinises the origin of the ex- isting medley of races that holds the soil, denies an exclusive right in any of these settlers, including Firebolgs, Danes, Mile- sians, Scotch, Welsh, Normans, with Edict of Nantes refugees, to speak or act other- wise than in a collective capacity, embracing all the clements of population. As to " op- pression," as an eye-witness be protests against that preposterous howl. Frenchmen have not a quarter of the freedom in every social aud political sense. The only ghost of a grievance he saw was that certain lands in fee, with a charge on landed property payable by landlords, was enjoyed by the clergy of the landed class, a matter, practi- cally, of utter indifference to the mere tenant farmers, and of still less to the bulk of the people. If the Roman Catholic clergy are unendowed by the State, it is at their own request ; preferring the much larger ecnolu mente they extract under the ac- tual system, and being not only their own masters but that of their flocks, the clergy in France being neither so rich nor so independent of State control. Jacobites, under the Stuarts, the malcon- tents are Jacobins at the present day, though they call for the return of the M'Mahons and O'Donnells who went into exile for the cause of kingly prerogative, and in abhor- rence of the Whig principles of 1688. As to the Duke of Magenta being of royal Irish descent, he shares that honor with every keeper of a road-side whiskey-shop or bog- trotter. Forfeiture of estates is a casualty not confined to Ireland, the whole surface of Europe having from time to time changed bands by a succession of conquering races; in France it was only yesterday that the confiscation of emigrèe property occurred, yet the heirs of these lands never dream of disturbing the actual owners, while in Ireland centuries are not sup- posed to create a title. As to Irish emigration, it proves the teeming fecundity of the climate; and British energy has pro- vided for this lazy land of routine prospe- rous colonial outlets, where the Celts find a ready-made country to breed and multiply. The most clamorous ringleaders, who claim the country for exclusive Celtic occupancy, are not of that breed at all. John Mitchel, John Martin, Thomas Davis, Robert Emmet, the Sheares, Wolf Tone, Napper Tandy, Tom Steel—all Welsh or Saxon. An armed descent on the island by France would not pay, and besides would be a military mis- take. No worse battle ground could be chosen, for which the writer gives his rea- sons. The whole article is likely to dispel a host of absurd delusions hitherto prevalent among folks here, who know nothing of the country.-Paris Correspondent of Globe. Miss MART P. TOWNSEND, late of Boston (Doited States), deceased, left by will GO,000doLs., " the income of which is to be applied to the support of those females who, in legal phraseology, are called ' spinsters,' or single women." She says in her testa- ment that she belongs to the sisterhood, and is in duty bound, as she has the means, to procure them a shelter from "the world's dread laugh.** and a quiet home. The recü« pients are to be su<*h as are reduced by poverty, not crime; to be Americans, and born of American parents; they arc to be of thc virtuous poor of this description, who are single from choice or necessity. She says the number will always be large of those who are too old or too feeble to labor for their support and have outlived their friends, and trusts they will find the " home" a happy asylum.-Illustrated Lon j don News, 23rd Feb. THE RELATIONS BETWEEN MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS. - Concurrently with the disappearance or conversion of the mere apothecary, and the tendency of late years towards an equalisation nf education and acquirements amongst all classes of the profession, the choice of a medical adviser is no longer, as formerly, a choice between grades, but one between men. The line of demarcation between the different orders is not so sharply drawn as in former times. The highly-educated and experienced general practitioner of the piesent day may be, and often is, preferred before the physician, if the latter rest his claim to public confidence simply ou the fact of his being a physician. The only secure ground upon which the con- sulting practitioner can rely is the prestige which stirings from greater personal merit, and this can only be acquired by longer application to liberal studies, by more sus- tained devotion to scientific and clinical labors, by many years of work on the staff of our great hospitals, and by giving evi- dence of superior experience and cultivation of clinical powers by original researches that challenge the respect of the scientific world. Opportunity enables some men to achieve all this. Others achieve it by compelling opportunity to their purposes also. How- soever obtained, superior industry and skill will always command the special confidence of the profession, and, through the profes- sion, that of the public. There will always, therefore, be a sufficient encouragement, iu reputation if not in fortune, for the more earnest and more ambitious to strive after the position of consulting practitioners. The aid and counsel of such men will be naturally sought both by their brethren and by the public- Lancet, 23rd February. 