OUR CELEBRITIES IN AND OUT OF PARLIAMENT, ROOUGRLY SKIDTCIItD BY A FRIEE HAND, No. XVIII. THE SEVEN LAMPS OF THE SECOND LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. BLARE O'LYON, Esquire, as hinted in Sketch No. XVII, rose-dashed the ashes out of his pipe popped his pipe into the capacious breast-pocket of his loosely-made coat- stroked his abundant board tenderly for a minute or two with his right hand opened his mouthl-and began, continued, and con cluded his discourse as follows: Accustomed as I am to social speaking, I do not feel tihe slightest difflliculty in rising to address you, my luminous brethren, on the present occasion. We are met here, in the first place, for the purpose of taking-it- easy-a very laudable purpose indeed, and one which may hbe acceptled as the cardinal canon of ethical science, as Brother Deniehy would phrase it-were he on his understandings, instead of making frantic efforts in yonder corner to fire ai stiff cigar. But we are not cssetmbled here far the selfish purpose of sensuous satisfcttion solely-we have a higher object before us-higher, but not nearer or dearer-to wit, the consideration of the subject brought under our notice in Brother Wilksling's Encyclical, and emphatically underlined by that gentlemans with strokes neant for straight, but, in point of fact, decidedly crooked. We are nasked What we think about the conduct of the Goverin ment in calling together a sonate, or second cham ber of legislation, witlhout consulting this luminous and igneouas body? And we sre further usked Wthat we think about tihe gentlemen who have been so called to thle afore-mnettioned senate? I will an swer both questions at one--andl very decidedly too-by moving a resolution in smy usual curt andl scantily courteous style and manner. 1\. We the Sons of Light, vulgarly called Flashers, think ourselves regularly sold, and atre, there. fore indignant, 2\. We'll pay the government off for their neglectful disrespect, the best we can, and, it order so to pay them off, we resolve- (a.) Not to accept a ministerial iuvitation to dinner for six lunar nmoths. (b.) Not to drink a minister's health at any dinner for twelve calendar months and u day. (e,) Not to bow to Cowper in the streots; not S to buy our pen-knises, padlocks, and latch-key' at Weekes's fnrruginous ware. houset not to stand treat for Arnold t the cafe; not to luugh at Ithbertsor jokes; not to attend Il rgrave's proshe tions o n jurisprudence nt the uet versity-until the expiration of sere clear days after the day on whieh Li second Legislative Couneuil) skhall inra ceased to exist-shall have perished fraom BpontUaneoous combustion, These resolutions, men and brethren, together with their pendaent of practical recommendationt , rill meet the exigencies of the case before you, us I aro said, very decidedly. I can guess from a malignart gleam thatt lights up the left corner of friend I. boug's eyes, that hie intends to Oppose sy motuion but let him do so if he will-sa little discussion ill1 malte us, if not the wiser, all the merretr, and pro. vent our beloved guest, the stout political eceont st and translator of Bastital, from dropping off to sleep. I do not intend just now to matte jokes, or carts comments, on the resolutions I have proposed, They are so plain-s p'ractical- and-- so essential to thie, conservation of our dignity-thliat eve alling on must not be so rude as to sineer at them. But get tiemen convives, to afford you ai illustration elof thle probable effects which the recent nonminaltions ill lhave on the country, I may as well tell you a petty narrative - one completely unvarnished and unadorned-one founded on positive facts, whichwill open your eyes-except those of tihe disciple of Bastiat, which aire fast closed for an hour at least You all know the uproarious, rubicund, inrstile, and ponderous Belt. I utnderstand your grin of significant acquieseense. Well, as I was strullin through George-street-I am a regularflanesur thet every fine forenoon-on the day after that fatal one on which the now nominees were announced in the columns of the Daily British Bull Dog, (the jourensa in which our obese and bellicose slleItping fried growls, barkts, and bites), I had the misfrtusi to meet Boit The state of this stubborn getleman, 4 excitement was intentso in the extreme; and so nervous did I grow, and so fearful of a neare approach of the advancing anrimal did I become, that I darted as if from a wild beast-into Pehhabe cafe. It was no use-the fates were against ae-I the furies were grinning from under their rinetggeh a live snakes, at my misfortune-ntd old Bet pouned a upon me like a panther on at hind-or, if that image be not exact enough, like a frantic red busll on a sleek and delicately brought-up spaniel, "Ilt Haol" roared Belt-not even waiting to rel'resh hi parchied tongue with ai wave of brandy-andswter . "What do you liberals "-((addressing tme as ifllers' the incarnation of the total demoeraecy of the country)f you democrats--now thinlk ofCharley? Hail luti has sold you, and humbugged you, and laughs sat you and hates you, and in his heart damns you, Wha are you going to drink?" The whole of the denunciative part of this out burst was delivered with a strong Dutch accent,an. its horrible and horrifying effect further exagge rated by violent contortions of the heavy hedaue its thick short neck, and of the cleunsy hands an arms in the air-the whole of this frightful phpsiea accompaniment being intended for gesture, Th patlhetic portion of it-to wit, his invitation todrink, was delivered in really human tones, but withaltml sharp and peremptory, that I imnemsdiately-na almost involuntarily-cried out "Absinthel " " Whatl absinthe;" quoth my rubicundl pets onter, "drink brandy, rman. It will do you goo It will console you for Chalrley's treachery." Really, Beait, I cannot understand you," was 7 modest whitely-mendacious reply. "Don't you, by -I " bawled botuld Beit-"th I'll make you; but before doing so we must haure drink." We drank accordingly. "Now, look here," began Boil, after his slim lating beverage, "and I'll gvlee you a t'rinkle two. You are a young man, O'Lynn, twho h talents not to be sneezed at; if you used thearigh ? and it you only renounced the asdvocacuy of tl principles of those infernal scoundrels of liberal you'd do well, You see Cowper is in reality lsi us. Hols humbugging you. Heo haes done more us than Donaldson would tdo, if that obstinate t Ft vidual (who never listened to a word lof atic gave him) were in Clharley's place now. Donal son would never have given us such an Upp House as we have got. HIe might, certainly- t fact, he would have nominated rte; but I am etate t, with the twenty-seven we have got. W5e eighteen downright thorough conservatives agaii nine liberals, not one of whom, except iiocrpt;si has a decent supply of brains, Besides, we't the old true blues back again, Look athisansl ) sis:`Tav'r BLIU?s--W'entworti, 'Thomson, e ' niog, Plunkett, Aferowethor, Darveall, 1ittgeta (the seven lamps of the old council), Lamb, e Ward. BLU?S, BIlarDD WITt Ginru.it-¢I j Faucett, Close, Allen, Ifoleon, ,Tones, liili Riley, and Scott. And then the Llt stI't l Ph t'.ai listen: only-Robertson, Byrnes, Oses, Campt i Russell, Hargraves, larks, Wett, and sfacrlsi These are the three nines-the twsenty.r teal for you. Now, O'Lyenn, cean you deny tihat ytu sold-that you're done brown-that you're y( blacl-tthat you're party is smashed for eer er't hero Bait snapped his lingers ecstatically-b0ute from meo-bounded out of the room, flourishing arms about it a perfect delirium of triumph. ,vallsed htome a stler and a wiser mate' tisldit0 (but no appetite) at the usual hour; datistih1 of-let us say Australian wine, to am,1 rnrte; but all in vain. Tie horrible appsetto . ,te. morning still haunted me; and the tei teords Belt uttered in his tritetph still rtign' ear-still made the cords of life vibrate 5 _Night came on in a very quiet, silent,sdt manner. She mounted her"ebon thru500 ee it rather sombre dark blue, with a pear cent on her brow, and a very brilli di-tmotd stars epritliled over her robe,O to worship her in her darldy bright beauty at my favourite shrine, near ltOOe tongue (the nativo name for the loveliest ofiteti th0 te land which jut into Pert Jackson), w t he h tnder shadowy trees, ard while gtzinge l let aont waters-I felL into a roverle, fao reverie I fell saleepl Cden d Do not laugh, my lrthsous bretitteel asloop--by the way, y oue laugh is wa|,Sg lator of Bastialt-but in my see i land a dream, but ,twss not 5ll atdreamt as yon will rind a good deal of re, yOU only "lend me your tare" for eii iniutes. akr e Methlought ilinerva [here the spe ret hramaticldly solenatsnd propeleically tot et ro myth. I faneded the goddess c lia l 4 ilr eistakablo gutsto-not at nialikemulit I tctteh of her whtih smnte ispil ere ltd heed, and which m day or two b l r strong itpression on my tintltttd here gl nevent to you-beholdt" She wavt tltued shiehl over me atl swept tar gatstietel tiross tmy face. and lo I beheld a uiree cetnpied by a solitary ohl matt. isurti C ad massive head--lis sclensus ist loak--I is suntten eye and fmiry coral iis solemn hlistory in his phyIiognOm t .tell- -knew him ect o ice t tuat enlaor his thoughts. lie seettnd to ty rult vt S u rp frtm within, liko a lamp in a nor Its e 11l was communing with hi tlh?ao ael nay, with his dopphlgager. , t eb by this eontrast mith your ioney gonce asked. "A good pric--toO r-'r* near S dney," CcnsciousneFs replied. But• wir yon, on that acctunt, desert your plarty, yu pri ilcple?" w0s the next query. " Never," rt t0a .esponse of the second power. You will Srasid to hove broken yout' w'ord-the promise you i tos de," quoth ]Reason. " I hold no fithl with thoe to would rob me of my principality. I will bi bte house of Wentworth on their ruin," hissed uiounO 0 bui old man; and a cloudlet suddenly passed be te me and himto. and thut him out front my gatno. I loted again, and behold, sit individuals, eouch lit upin like manner from within, stood before me. I read their thoughts severall). reNo 1 wore at court-suit of fine blue cloth and the Mdal of a C. I. It was ao hard iron-visaged want vith coarse but vigorous fetaures. Ite looked p toll.fed, but discontented wolf. lIe bore soveral coils of red taoe in his hand, and thought, as he c?ssod before me, how easily he could and would i bld the new senato body and soul with the scarlet .aments he held in his hand. "I will rule them 1L;' hIo muttered to himself as Ihe passed along. No, 2-ua mat of florid countenance and good con dition-as he passed, smiled at his good fortutne, and his soul reflected its inmost tlhought, "I will have all the briefs of 1Muttondom," and he made his exit fully 1atisfted. Gaunt, cadaverous, with his black wig awry, and on indescribablo passion tracing its lines on his pallid face, No, 3 came next, and his soul was full with thel thought "of adding fresh glory to the name of Plunkett, and protecting the temporalities of the lchurch. "I will make them fear the mightiest organization on earth," Ito timidly whispered as Ihn flitted ghost-like past, . No,.4, sinister, suching in hisi sensual lips, full of rabid desires, was so shadotwed by a cloud of con flieting thoughts and emotions that I could barely catch the dominant idea of Ihis soul--his readiness to tacrifico all principle for a sensation. "I must enjoy myself," Iho thought, " and they sltall find men: ample.means." And with the gait of an Appello, and the dark subtle fire of a Mephistophiles gleam intg from his sinister eyes, he glided from my pro oence. With an easy grace, a deceitful smile, and a pliant step, No, 6, tripped gallantly by, thinlking how ho could now make tmerry, whether Itohe had money or not; "for they'll want to buy moe, and they'll have to doitl" and Ithe smiled and bobbed his head, as if paying hisi devoirs to some fatir dame. Hleavy, combrots, and unsteady from his post prandial inspiration of port and punch, No. 6 toddled across tlhe room, with only one tlhought regnant in his mind. "I'm worth £1o0,00oO," lhe grunted and disappeared. Antd, tlhen, men and brethren, a great darkness ensued, I felt the biting chill freeze the marrow in my bones, and I sprang with a shriek from my rectumbent position. I awokeo- friglttened, palpitating, and sore it every limb. But if I have suffbred, you reap the benefit. You have listened to a rovelation. You have seen the inner soul of the Seven Lamps of the onew Lords, lit utp by the dominant passion of each individual. Porpend my words well, for they are words of truth and profound meaning. Blare O'Lynn, Esq., sat down amid profound silence. The silence lasted sixteen scoonds, when it wvas broken by a perfect paroxysm of applause. So great was tho enthusiasm of the meeting, that the prrestul believed luminous members were incompetent (so excited were their feoolings) to engago in debate. lie, therefore, adjourned it (the debate) till next full moon, and proposed a third tureen of punch-ta pro position which the translator of Bastiat seconded with Ssignificant smtack of his thick lips. Theo meeting broke uip at the first beam of the mornting star, and the members (generally) went home in " their own clothes." 