CHAPTER III. I I 'PAR HODILK." , « You »hall play with roy toys, and break them rf yon like, for. ray papa loves the English, and you ore mr English - friend,* said a handsome, blue-eyed obild to bfh little com- panion, os they sauntered hand- in-hand through the s'pacioua entrance-hall at Edeldorf. ? . The boy. was evidently bent on patronising bis friend. , The friond was somewhat abashed and bewildered, ¿nd grateful to bo taken notice of. . ' * What is your name?-may I call you by your Christian hiunoî* Baïd tho lesser obild, timidly, and rather nestling to his protector, for, sikh had tho bigger boy constituted himself. . ?? . i. , 'Mr name is'Viotor,' was the proud reply ; ' and you may may call ma Victor,,.beoaute I love you ; but the servants, -must call me Count, booauso my papa isa' Count ¡ and il om not'an'Austrian count, but à Hungarian. Come and seer .my'sword.' So the two children were BOOB busy in an ex- amination of that very beautiful, but not very destructive, plaything. . -, . ,~. ' ... ¡ They wore, indeed, a strange contrast. Viotor de Rohan, son and heir.tq one of the noblest and wealthiest of Hun- gary's aristocraoy, looked all over tho hjgh-brod : child he waa. .,Free;ahd.bold, his large, frank blue eyes, and wide brow, shaded with clustering ourla, pf golden brown, beto- kened a gallant, thoughtless spirit, and a. kind, warm boort ; 'whilst the delicate nostril ana handsomely-curved mouth of , the well-born child betrayed, perhaps, a little too muoh pride for ono so young, and argued a disposition not too patient of contradiction or restraint. His little companion was as un- like him, as possible ; and, indeed, most people ' would have taken Viotor for the English boy, and Vere for. the foreign one. The latter was heavy, awkward, and ungainly in bis movements, timid and hesitating in bis manner, with a sallow complexion, and dark, deep-sot eyes, that seemed always looking into a world beyond. ' He was a strange child, totally, without the light-heartedness of his age, tirald, shy, and awkward, bnt capable of strong attach- ments, and willing to endure anything for tho sake of lho.se he loved. Then he hail quaint fancies, and curious modes of expressing them, 'which mode other children laugh ot him,, when the noy would retire into himself, deeply wounded and unhappy, but too proud to show it. As he. looks now at Viotor a sword, with whloh the latter is vapouring about the hall,' destroying imaginary enemies, Vero asks ' What becomes ot the people that are killed, Victor Î* ?We, ride'over their ¡bodies,' says Victor, who bas jost delivered a finishing thrust nt his phantom-foe. ' .«..Yes, but what becomes of thenil* pursue»,the child.,now answering himself. « I think they como to me In my dreams for sometimes, do you. know, I dream'of men in armour, obarging an white bonos, and,they come hy with a wind that wakes me ; and when I ask " Nettica" who they are, she says they are tho fairies ; but I don't think they are fairies, because you know fairies aro quito small, and have' wings. No, I think they must be the people that are killed.« . . ? ? ? o' ,?.?; "' « Very likely,* replies Viotor, who .has not. considered; the subject in thia light, and whose dreams are mostly of ponies and plum-cake-* very likely; but oome to pana; and he will give us some grapes.' So off they go; arm-in-arm,' to. the great banqueting-hall ; and Vero postpones, bis dream théories to some future occasion, for there is a obarm about grapes that speaks at once to a child's heart. '-' ¡. So the two hoys make their entrance into tho banqueting hall, whore Do llohan aits in state, surrounded by hisguosta.. Un his right is placed Phillip Egerton, whose dark eye' gleams with pleasure as he looks upon his son. Who, but a fathor would take delight in such a pjain, unattractive child T ' Vero glides quietly to his side, shrinking'trom tbs strange faoes and gorgeous uniforms around ; but. Viotor walks boldly up to the old Count, and demands bis daily glass of/l'okay, not as a favour, but a right. " . ' . . I drink tb Hungary I' says the" child, looking Tull into the face ot' his next neighbour, a,Prince allied to the Im pe- rial family, and a General of Austrian cavalry: «Monsieur. Ia Pi ince, your good health ! Como, clink jour glass with me.« ? , '. «Your boy is a tmo D.i Rohan,' say« tba good-natured Austrian, as ho accepts the urchin's ouallenge, 'and their Íroblets ring against each other. ' Will you bo a soldier, my ud, and wear the white uniform ?* . « I will bo'a soldier,« answer« the ohild, «but not an Aus- trian soldier like you ; Austrian soldiers arc not so bravo as Hungarians. . .. . , i . Well said, my little patriot,' replies tho amused General. So you do not think our people uro good for much ? Whyi with that sword of yours, I shoiiUl.be very, sorry to faoo you with my whole division. ' What a Light Dragoon that rogue would muko, Do Rohan I sec, lie has pluiidofad the. grapes already.' And tho jolly prinoo sat back in his chair, timi poured himself out anothor ¿lass of ' imperial Tokay.*. . 'Hush, Victor 1' said his fotlior, laughing, in splto of himself, at his child's forwardness. . Look at your little English friend; he stands quiet there,. and says'iiothing. I «hall mako ali Englishman ol' my boy, Egerton ; ho shall go to an English school, and loam to ride and box, and to be a man. I Jove England and tho English. Egerton, your good health 1 I wish my boy tobo like yours; Sapper' ment ! ho is qalet, but I will answer for it be fears neitbor man nor dovil.' My father's faoe lighted up with pleasure ns ho prossod mo to his sida. Kind father I 1 boliuvo lin thought his ugly, timid, shrinking clii.d, was tho admiration of ult.' * I think tho hoy has cou rugo,' he said, 'but for that I, give him,lit tle credit. All mon aro naturally brave ; it is but education that makes us reflect ; hence wo learn tu fear couscquonods, and so bco.imo cowards.' . 4«Purdon, mon eher,' observed, tho Austrian General, with a laugh. 'Now, my opinion is that ull mon aro, naturally cowards, and that we alono deitorvo credit who overcome that propensity, and so distinguish oursoivus for what wo choose to call bravery, but which no ought rather to term self-command. What say you, Du llohan ? You havo boen in action, and "on tho ground," too, moro than once. "Were you not cursodly ai'raldî' De Rohan smiled good-humouredly, and filled his glass. ' Shall I tell you my opinion of coiirago?' said be, holding np the sparkling fluid to tho light. «I think of courage what our Hungarian Hussars think of a breastplate. :< Of what use," say they, " is ouirassand back-piece, and all that weight of defensive armour ? Giro us a pint of wino in our stomach, and wa are breastplate all over.'' Como, Wallen- stein, pat your breastplate on-it is very light, and fits very easily.' , ' The General filled again, but returnodto tho charge ' You remind me,' said he, ' of a oouversation I overheard when I was a> lieutenant iu the 1st regiment of Uhlans. We wore drawn up on the croat of a hill opposite a battery in position, not a half of nillo from us. If they had retired us two hundred yards, wo should have boen under oorer ; but we never got the order, and there wo stood. Whish 1 tho round shot osma over our heads and under our fuet. and into our ranks, and we lost two mon and fivo horses boforo wo knew whoro we were. The soldiors grumblod sadly, and a few seemed inclined to turn rein and go to the rear.. Mind you, it is not fair to ask cavalry to alt still und bo pounded for amuscmeut i but the officers, being co ic« rd» by education, Mr. Egerton, did their duty well, andkopt the mon together. 1 was watching my troop anxiously onough, sud I heard ono man say to bis comrade, "Look at Johann, Fri tr. I what a bold one hois; he thinks nothing of the Oro; soo, bo tickle* tho horse of his front-rank man oren now, to mako him klok." ' ' Exaotly my argument,' interrupted ray father i * bo wa« an uneducated maa, conaoqueatly saw nothing to be afraid of. Bravery, after, all, is only insensibility to danger ' ' Frits did not think ao, roplled Wallenstein. « Hear his answer-"Johann is a blockhead," ho replied, 'ho has never been under fire before, and docs not know his dauger ; but iou and I, old comrade, we doservo to be modo corporals ; or wo sit quiet here on our horses, though ute ar* mott eurtedly afraid?' The guests all laughed ; and the discussion would have terminated but that Do Rohan, who had drank more wine than was his custom, and who, was very proud of lila boy, oould not refrain from once more turning tho conversation to Vlctor'a merits, and lo that personal oourago by which, however muoh bo might affect to make light of lt In society, he sot suoh store, * Well, Wallenstein,' said lie i you hold that Natara makes ns cowards ; If so, my boy here ought to show, something of the white feather. Come hither, Viotor. Aro you afraid of being in the dark T* ' < No, pap» i* answered Viotor, boldly ¡ but added, after a moment's consideration. ' exoopt in tho Ghost's Gallery. I don't go through tho.Oliost'a gallery after six o'olook.' This naive confession oxoited muoh amusomont amongst tba guests ; hut Da Rohan's confidence lu his boy's oonrugo was not to be shaken. ' What shall 1 give yon,' said he, to go and fetch ms the old Breviary that lies on tho table at tho far end of tho Ghost's Gallery !* Viotor looked at me, and I at him. My breath carno quicker and quloker. Tho ohild coloured painfully,' but did not answer. I felt his terrors myself. I looked on tho pro- posed eipoditlon as n soldier might on a forlorn hope | but something within kept stirring mo to sneak ; it was a mingled feeling ef emulation, pity, and friendship, tinged with that inexplicable charm that coming dahger has always poiioijed. io» me-a charm Ilia» the oonitittitloually brav« ar« i ri ea pabla bf feel I rig;. < I maaland my ehyuase wi Ur an effort, and, snaking ell orar, aaJd to the router cf tb, house, in a thick; low voice- . - ' . 'If you ple^ Monsieur le Compte, if Viotor goes I will go too.'. : . . '* ' " t ' ? . . - 4 Well «aid, lilUo man i' »Bravo, boy!' «Vere, you'rea. tromp ia plain English from my ftther ; and 'In Hesven'a . name, give the lads », breastplate apiece, in the shapo of a. glass of Tokay!' from the jolly General, were the acrlramav tioria that greeted my resolution: and for one' doiicions moment I felt like A .little hero. Victor, too, caught thar ' erith os! tum ; - and, ashamed of showing less oonrage than hi» playfellow, expressed his readiness to accompany nre,-^-first stipulating,, however, with.'praiseworthy caution, that he shonH take bia sword .for bor Joint preservation ; arxr* also that two large bnnohes of grapes should be placed at oar disposal on our safe return, ' if,' aa Victor touchingly re- marked, ' we ever came back at all '.' . My father opene'd tho ' door for us with a "low bow, and it closed upon a horst of laughter, which to ns, bound, os we fancied, on an expedition of unparalleled danger, sounded to the laat degree unfeeling. 1 ' Hand in hand we two . children walked through tho'nnte room, and across the hall ;:hor'was it until we reached thor fjret landing o on' the Wide, gloomy oak staircase, that wa paused to consider our future .plans, rind to scan the desperate . .nature of our enterprise. Thora were but two moro flights 'bf stops', a''green-baize 'door togo through, a few yerda of passage to traverse, and then, Viator áasured rae, ¡n trem- bling accents, wo should bo in the Ghost's Glallory. My . heart beat painfully, and híy informan t.began to cry. " "We laid our pUna, however, with considerable caution, and mode a solemn compact. of alliance, offensive and deferiaivo, that no power,, natural or supernatural, was to shake. ° Wo were on no account whatsoever to leave go of each other's hands. Thus linked,: and. Victor having his aword dra.wnL-for the furtherance of wbioh warlike attitude I wa» to.koop carefully on his left,-we resolved to advance* if possible, talking tho whole way tip to tho fatal table ' whereon lay the Breviary^ and then anatohing lt np hostly, to ret'nrn backwards,' so', ni to present our front to tbe foo till' we reaohed the green-baize door, at which point'laue« gut peut was to be tho order ; and wo were to mah book int» .the.oSairig-rdom as fast as onr legs could carry us. Butin tho event of our . progress being interrupted by the ghost (who sppeared, os Viator informed mo, in the shane of s> huge .block dog with green eyes-a description at which ray blood ran cold-and which, he-added, had bcon seen once by hie governess,, and twice by an old drunken Hassal- who» waited on him, and answered to the naroo of ' Hans'i, wa were to lie down on our faces, so as to hide our eyes fron» th« ghostly vision, and scream till wo alarmed thehouie; but on no account, we repeated in the moat solemn and binding manner-on no account.were wo: to ' lot go of 'each'' other's bands.' - This'compact made and provided, we advoaeed towards the gallery; Viclor,feeling the edge and point of his) weapon with un appearance of confidence that my own beat- ing heart told me must be put on for tho occasion, and would vanish at the first appoaranco-of dangar. 'And,, now the,', groen door is parsed, and we aro in tho gallery '; o faint light through the stained windows only "serves to show its extent and genoral gloom, whilst its cor nora and abutments ure black ? os a wolf's mouth. ' Not av servant in the caatlo would willingly, tiavorse this gallery after dark, and we two' children feel that wo are at last alone, and ont offfrom all hopes of assistance or rescue. But tho : Breviary lies oh Jhe table at tho far end, ami, dreading the» ' very sound of our own footsteps, wo steal quietly on. All as. once Viotor »tops short. ' * What is that.7T.says ho, in trembling accents. \- Tho. qufstiori alone takes away my breath, and I feel that drop break out on my lips and foraheadi We stopsimnl tanoOuül.v ¿nd'listen. /, Enoournged by the silence, . we creep on, and for an instant .1 experienco that vague tumoltuous fooling of oxoitement whioh is almost akin to pleasure. Bub hark I-a heavy breath I I - a groan III'' My hair stands OB .end, -and .Viator's band olups mine' like a', vice. I claro scarce turn my hoad towards the' sound-lt comes from thai far oorner. There it'.' ia I A > dark object . in the deepest"'gloom' ' of that rocosa seems 1 crouching for a spring.-,The ghoat 1-the ghost lt I oxolaim, losing all ' power of , .self-oommand. .in ..aa. agony of fear. .'.The dog !-^he dog 11' shrieks Viator ; and away wo scour hard ns our. logs can corry us, forgetful of our solemn agroerríorits and Jiigh rosaires, forgetful, of «ll bub that safety 'Hos before* and-torror of the ghastliest descrip- tion behind; away wo scour, Viotor leaving hie sword whera he dropped it-at the, first, alarm, through the green" door, down the oak staircase,, across tho hall,, nor stop till wet reach tho batiquoting-room, with it« reassuring faces and its. lights, cheering beyond, measure by contrast with tho gloom from whioh wo liavo escaped.', . c ; - What shouts,of laughter mot us as we approached tho table. . '.WellViotor, '.whero'B the' Breviary V said tho I Count.:.« What 11 my, boy, was Natnro too strong for you im # tho. dark,, with nobody looking on!' nskod the Gonei-aJ. 'Seo!''he'hod lost bia sword,''laughed 'another. 'And tho little Englander,-he, too,, was panic- struck,' remarked a fourth. I 'shrank from thom all. sud .took refuge at my fatlibr'a slilp. Were, I am ashamed of you,' was oU he said ; hut tho words .sank' dean, into my lioart, and I, bowod mr hoad with a fooling Of naming shame, that I had'disgraced ' mysolf in my father's ¿yes for-o vor. We wera sent to bed, and . I-1 Bharod Victor's nursery, under the joint obargo of Nettioli and his own attendant ; hut, do. what,' I wpuld, I ounkl not sloop. There waa a stain upon my charoo tor in tba eyes of tho ona I. loved beat on earth, and I could not boar \- it; Though so quiet and nndomonstrativo, I was a child of strong "attachments. , I porfeotly Idolized, my father, and now ho was ashamed of nie ¡-tho words seemed to burn in my little heart. / I tossed and tumbled ' and fretted myself into a fovor, aggravated by the Bounding snores of Nettioh und the other nurse, who slept as only nursos eon. > , At'IoJtt J could bear it no longor. I.But up in bod and peered stealthily round. 'All wore hushed in sloop. ,1 deter- mined to do'or, dio. 'Yes, I would go to the gallery; I would fetch tho Breviary'oiid' lay it on my! father^ table before he awoko. . If I Buacoodod, I should, rocovor his good opinion; if I enoouatarad the phantom dog, why ho could hut'kill me, after all.' I would wake Viotor, and wo would ,go,together;-,or, no.-I would, take tho wholo peril,and. .novo all tho glory of tho exploit myself. I thought it over every way. J At last my mind was modo up j my naked foot wore on tho floor ; I stole from tho nursery ; I threaded tho dark passages ; I reached tho gallery ; a dim light was shining at tho far.ond, ami I could hour earnest voleos con. voraing 'in a low, guarded tono. Half-frightoned and altogether contused, 1 stopped and listened. ' , .' (To be continued.) 