OUR CELEBRITIES IN AND OUT OF PARLIAMENT, ROUGHLY SKETCHED BY A FREE HAND. No. XVIII. THE SEVEN LAMPS OF THE SECOND LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. BLARE O'LYNN, Esquire, as hinted in Sketch No. XVII, rose--dashed the ashes out of his pipe-- popped his pipe into the capacious breast-pocket of his loosely-made coat--stroked his abundant beard tenderly for a minute or two with his right hand-- opened his mouth--and began, continued, and con- cluded his discourse as follows:-- Accustomed as I am to social speaking, I do not feel the slightest difficulty in rising to address you, my luminous brethren, on the present occasion. We are met here, in the first place, for the purpose of taking-it-easy--a very laudable purpose indeed, and one which may be acepted as the cardinal canon of ethical science, as Brother Deniehy would phrase it-- were he on his understandings, instead of making frantic efforts in yonder corner to fire a stiff cigar. But we are not assembled here for the selfish purpose of sensuous satisfaction solely--we have a higher object before us-- higher, but not nearer or dearer--to wit, the consideration of the subject brought under our notice in Brother Wilksling's Encyclical, and emphatically underlined by that gentleman with strokes meant for straight, but, in point of fact, decidedly crooked. We are asked-- What we think about the conduct of the Govern- ment in calling together a senate, or second cham- ber of legislation, without consulting this luminous and igneous body? And we are further asked-- What we think about the gentlemen who have been so called to the afore- mentioned senate? I will an- swer both questions at once--and very decidedly too--by moving a resolution in my usual curt and scantily courteous style and manner. 1\. We the Sons ot Light, vulgarly called Flashers, think ourselves regularly sold, and are, there- fore indignant. 2\. We'll pay the government off for their neglectful disrespect, the best we can, and, in order so to pay them off, we resolve-- (a.) Not to accept a ministerial invitation to dinner for six lunar months. (b.) Not to drink a minister's health at any dinner for twelve calendar months and a day. (c.) Not to bow to Cowper in the streets; not to buy our pen-knives, padlocks, and latch-keys at Weekes' ferruginous ware- house; not to stand treat for Arnold at the café; not to laugh at Robertson's jokes; not to attend Hargrave's prælec- tions on jurisprudence at the uni- versity--until the expiration of seven clear days after the day on which the second Legislative Council shall have ceased to exist--shall have perished from spontaneous combustion. These resolutions, men and brethren, together with their pendant of practical recommendations, will meet the exigencies of the case before you, as I have said, very decidedly. I can guess from a malignant gleam that lights up the left corner of friend Hang- song's eyes, that he intends to oppose my motion; but let him do so if he will--a little discussion will make us, if not the wiser, all the merrier, and pre- vent our beloved guest, the stout political economist and translator of Bastiat, from dropping off to sleep. I do not intend just now to make jokes, or carve comments, on the resolutions I have proposed. They are so plain--so practical --and so essential to the conservation of our dignity--that even Hangsong must not be so rude as to sneer at them. But gen- tlemen convives, to afford you an illustration of the probable effects which the recent nominations will have on the country, I may as well tell you a petty narrative--one completely unvarnished and unadorned--one founded on positive facts, which will open your eyes--except those of the disciple of Bastiat, which are fast closed for an hour at least. You all know the uproarious, rubicund, irascible, and ponderous Beit. I understand your grin of significant acquiescense. Well, as I was strolling through George-street--I am a regular flaneur there every fine forenoon--on the day after that fatal one on which the new nominees were announced in the columns of the Daily British Bull Dog, (the journal in which our obese and bellicose sleeping friend growls, barks, and bites), I had the misfortuue to meet Beit! The state of this stubborn gentleman's excitement was intense in the extreme; and so nervous did I grow, and so fearful of a nearer approach of the advancing animal did I become, that I darted as if from a wild beast--into Pohlman's café. It was no use--the fates were against me-- the furies were grinning from under their ringlets of live snakes, at my misfortune--and old Beit pounced upon me like a panther on a hind--or, if that image be not exact enough, like a frantic red bull on a sleek and delicately brought-up spaniel. "Ho! Ho!" roared Beit--not even waiting to refresh his parched tongue with a wave of brandy-and-water-- "What do you liberals"--(addressing me as if I were the incarnation of the total democracy of the country) "you democrats--now think of Charley? Hah! he has sold you, and humbugged you, and laughs at you, and hates you, and in his heart damns you. What are you going to drink?" The whole of the denunciative part of this out- burst was delivered with a strong Dutch accent, and its horrible and horrifying effect further exagge- rated by violent contortions of the heavy head on its thick short neck, and of the clumsy hands and arms in the air--the whole of this frightful physical accompaniment being intended for gesture. The pathetic portion of it--to wit, his invitation to drink, was delivered in really human tones, but withal so sharp and peremptory, that I immediately-- nay, almost involuntarily--cried out "Absithe!" "What! absinthe;" quoth my rubicund perse- cutor, "drink brandy, man. It will do you good. It will console you for Charley's treachery." "Really, Beit, I cannot understand you," was my modest whitely-mendacious reply. "Don't you, by ------" bawled bould Beit--"then I'll make you; but before doing so we must have a drink." We drank accordingly. "Now, look here," began Beit, after his stimu- lating beverage, "and I'll give you a wrinkle or two. You are a young man, O'Lynn, who has talents not to be sneezed at; if you used them right, and if you only renounced the advocacy of the principles of those infernal scoundrels of liberals, you'd do well. You see Cowper is in reality with us. He is humbugging you. He has done more for us than Donaldson would do, if that obstinate indi- vidual (who never listened to a word of advice I gave him) were in Charley's place now. Donald- son would never have given us such an Upper House as we have got. He might, certainly--in fact, he would have nominated me; but I am content with the twenty-seven we have got. We have eighteen downright thorough conservatives against nine liberals, not one of whom, except Robertson, has a decent supply of brains. Besides, we've got the old true blues back again. Look at this analy- sis:--TRUE BLUES--Wentworth, Thomson, Man- ning, Plunkett, Merewether, Darvall, Fitzgerald (the seven lamps of the old council), Lamb, and Ward. BLUES, SHADED WITH GREEN--Kemp, Faucett, Close, Allen, Holden, Jones, Mitchell, Riley, and Scott. And then the LIBERALS! Pheugh! listen: only--Robertson, Byrnes, Oakes, Campbell, Russell, Hargraves, Marks, Watt, and Macfarlane. These are the three nines--the twenty- seven in all for you. Now, O'Lynn, can you deny that you're sold--that you're done brown--that you're baked black--that you're party is smashed for ever?" and here Beit snapped his fingers ecstatically--bounded from me--bounded out of the room, flourishing his arms about in a perfect delirium of triumph. I walked home a sadder and a wiser man; had dinner (but no appetite) at the usual hour; drank a bottle of--let us say Australian wine, to banish my ennuie; but all in vain. The horrible apparition of the morning still haunted me; and the terrible words Beit uttered in his triumph still rung in my ear-- still made the cords of life vibrate with alarm. Night came on in a very quiet, silent, and innocent manner. She mounted her "ebon throne," dressed in rather sombre dark blue, with a pearl-white cres- cent on her brow, and a very brilliant supply of diamond stars sprinkled over her robe. I went forth to worship her in her darkly bright and solemn beauty at my favourite shrine, near Emuemua Point (the native name for the loveliest of those tongues of land which jut into Port Jackson), where--reclining under shadowy trees, and while gazing at the tremu- lous waters--I fell into a reverie, and from that reverie I fell asleep! Do not laugh, my luminous brethren; I did fall asleep--by the way, your laugh is waking the trans- lator of Bastiat--but in my sleep I dreamt--yes, I had a dream, but it was not all a dream, as you will find a good deal of reality about it, if you only "lend me your ears" for another five minutes. Methought Minerva [here the speaker became dramatically solemn and prophetically earnest,] was no myth. I fancied the goddess came to me in un- mistakable guise--not at all unlike a full length sketch of her which some inspired artist had out- lined, and which a day or two before had made a strong imlpression on my mind. "I will reveal the seven to you--behold!" She waved her gleaming shield over me and swept her gauntletted hand across my face, and lo! I beheld a snug sitting room, occupied by a solitary old man. His wiry grey hair and massive head--his sensuous mouth and blasé look--his sunken eye and fiery complexion--wrote his solemn history in his physiognomy. I knew him well--knew him at once. But more: I could read his thoughts. He seemed to my rapt vision to be lit up from within, like a lamp in a thin alabaster vase. He was communing with himsef, or as the Germans say, with his doppelganger. "What have you gained by this contract with your enemy?" his Intelli- gence asked. "A good price--£10,000-- for my dis- puted property near Sydney." Consciousness replied. "But will you, on that account, desert your party, or your principles?" was the next query. "Never," was the response of the second power. "You will be said to have broken your word--the promise you have made," quoth Reason. "I hold no faith with those who would rob me of my principality. I will build the house of Wentworth on their ruin," hissed. the old man; and a cloudlet suddenly passed be- tween me and him, and shut him out from my gaze. I looked again, and behold, six individuals, each lit up in like manner from within, stood before me. I read their thoughts severally. No. 1 wore a court-suit of fine blue cloth and the medal of a C. B. He was a hard iron-visaged man, with coarse but vigorous fetaures. He looked a well-fed, but discontented wolf. He bore several coils of red tape in his hand, and I thought, as he passed before me, how easily he could and would bind the new senate body and soul with the scarlet ligaments he held in his hand. "I will rule them ALL," he muttered to himself as he passed along. No. 2--a man of florid countenance and good con- dition--as he passed, smiled at his good fortune, and his soul reflected its inmost thought, "I will have all the briefs of Muttondom," and he made his exit fully satisfied. Gaunt, cadaverous, with his black wig awry, and an indescribable passion tracing its lines on his pallid face, No. 3 came next, and his soul was full with the thought "of adding fresh glory to the name of Plunkett, and protecting the temporalities of the church. "I will make them fear the mightiest organization on earth," he timidly whispered as he flitted ghost- like past. No. 4, sinister, sucking in his sensual lips, full of rabid desires, was so shadowed by a cloud of con- flicting thoughts and emotions that I could barely catch the domninant idea of his soul--his readiness to sacrifice all principle for a sensation. "I must enjoy myself," he thought, "and they shall find me ample means." And with the gait of an Appello, and the dark subtle fire of a Mephistophiles gleam- ing from his sinister eyes, he glided from my pre- sence. With an easy grace, a deceitful smile, and a pliant step, No. 5, tripped gallantly by, thinking how he could now make merry, whether he had money or not; "for they'll want to buy me, and they'll have to do it!" and he smiled and bobbed his head, as if paying his devoirs to some fair dame. Heavy, combrous, and unsteady from his post- prandial inspiration of port and punch, No. 6 toddled across the room, with only one thought regnant in his mind. "I'm worth £100,000," he grunted and disappeared. And, then, men and brethren, a great darkness ensued. I felt the biting chill freeze the marrow in my bones, and I sprang with a shriek from my recumbent position. I awoke--frightened, palpitating, and sore in every limb. But if I have suffered, you reap the benefit. You have listened to a revelation. You have seen the inner soul of the Seven Lamps of the new Lords, lit up by the dominant passion of each individual. Perpend my words well, for they are words of truth and profound meaning. Blare O'Lynn, Esq., sat down amid profound silence. The silence lasted sixteen seconds, when it was broken by a perfect paroxysm of applause. So great was the enthusiasm of the meeting, that the præsul believed luminous members were incompetent (so excited were their feelings) to engage in debate. He, therefore, adjourned it (the debate) till next full moon, and proposed a third tureen of punch--a pro- position which the translator of Bastiat seconded with a significant smack of his thick lips. The meeting broke up at the first beam of the morning star, and the members (generally) went home in "their own clothes." 