OUR LONDON NEWS LETTER. [From our own Correspondent! London, Saturday, January 26, 1861. King Frost has during the past month held undisputed sway in the British rule. His presence has been a calamitous. visitation changing for a time the external avocet of society a J well as the face of the country. Such a severe season has not been known for 40 years for a whole month from December 15th, when the float first set in, the mean temperature of each week hardly exceeded the freezing point of water, while for the five weeks ending January 21 at the mean temperature was barely above freezing point. Nearly At the rivers and cannia were in 07611 over, in many places to a depth of seven inches. In some northern districts the roads were impassable from the snow that a passage was cut through For several weeks Obi Father rj haines was a dreary solitude, nothing moving on 'the surface above London; Bridge but large area of ice that floated "p pvd down with the tiV, and at one time for tried a senT and 33 across the stream at Vv'estnTnsTcr Bridge, The tube flowing underneath it. Mace J.ay's New.. Zealander might have stood on Waterloo Bridge, and from the aspect of things ascend have learnt that London had already become the city of the dead. But sir the parks till was bustle and ere tement. All London seemed to be seized with a mann for skating and sliding, and day after day the visitors to the ornamental waters were to be reckoned by the hundred thousand. The scenes on the Sea pending at night rivalled in animation and excelled in picturesque effect the Champs Elysee on a hot summer s day. Enos on the ice, bands of music, Chinese lanterns, popular gained. ' express skating trains" quadrilles, torchlight processions drew thousand.! of the loans from the fireside, and kept in full employ the offices of the Humane Society. The Prince Consort skate 1; the Prince of Wales slated, and the Queen was daily drives out in a statement the neighbourhood of "Windsor Castle. For a month London was without water, excepting what was supplied from the plains, who e fountains opened in every street for the benefit of frozen up householders But there are darker sides to this novel picture. "What is sport to the young is death to the aged, misery to the poor. The weekly mortality of the metropolis began to mount up soon after the frost set in. In the three weeks of greatest severity it was respectively 300, 31-2, and 535 above the average. The following extract from the Registrar's last return tells its own story a "Pulmonary complaints, exclusive of phthisis, carried off in the week 702 per ton, whilst the corrected average for corresponding weeks is only 301. The deaths from bronchitis are included under the above general head, and number 471, the average being 161; those from pneumonia wire 155 against 91; those from asthma 57 against 23. Of the 471 persons who died from bronchitis, 201 were in the period of life GO 80 years. The deaths I of 123 persons are assigned to phthisis, the average being 157. Whooping-cough rose to 83. Forty four deaths were caused by apoplexy, the average being 30 ; 43 by paralysis, against an average of 27. Heart diseases were fatal in 110 cases ; the average is only 53." Even worse results are anticipated for the Registrar says that while cold weather kills many persons at the period of its greatest rigour, its fatal effects are afterwards not lessened, but accumulate. The effect of the frost upon the poor has been absolutely appalling. It involved loss of employment to thousands, everywhere paralysing the hand of industry at a time when provisions and fuel were rising to famine prices. Anything like the destitution and misery that has prevailed during the last few weeks has not been known by the present generation. Our Poor Law seemed utterly unable to meet the fearful exigency, owing in a measure to the minute division of parishes, which makes the rate a tax upon poverty instead of wealth. TimsinSt. George's, Hanover-square, the poor-rate is 6d. in the pound; in St. George's-in the-East 4?. 4d. ! The title of destitution came in like a flood that swept away all ordinary arrangements. For many weeks the benevolence of the public flowed through the columns of the Times to Refuges, Ragged Schools, and Relieving Societies. But this was found quite inadequate. " Frozen-out labourers" paraded the streets and suburbs in bands singing to any time they might happen to know "We've got no work to do," and receiving in the aggregate vast sums from the benevolent. It proved a very thriving trade, and an occasion for much imposture. But it was at the police-officers that destitution gathered to a bead. No sooner was it known that the magistrates received subscriptions than the public liberality supplied them with ample funds. At all the Courts, the Magistrates and all their staffs were engaged from morning to night in distributing money, bread, and soup tickets to the crowds of famished creatures that mobbed them. At the Mansion-house on one day more than £500 was received at the Thames Police Court so numerous were the sums received, that Mr. Yardley, the Magistrates, was obliged to refuse more. At this Court, 2,000 and even 3,000 persons have been relieved in the course of one day, and the overworked officials were at last obliged to send the money to clergy and ministers of the district for distribution. The following extract may give a glimpse of the scenes daily witnessed at the Thames Police Court t-" Mr. Selfe commenced by relieving poor women, whose poverty and misery was verified by the clergy of all sects in the district, and others of repute known to him, and in this way gave temporary relief to about 700 women, principally widows, and a few men. Mr. Yardley commenced by relieving a few unemployed laborers on Thursday evening last, and their numbers increased daily until Tuesday, when 1,100 out of 1,500 assembled were assisted, about SOO with Is. ent-h, 100 with GJ. each, and another hundred with 2s. or 2s. 6d. each. It was announced on Tuesday that women only would be relieved on the following day, and that letters of verification from the clergy or from ladies and gentlemen known to the Magistrate only would be attended to. At noon, a vast assemblage of poor women, thinly clad, many suffering from cold and hunger, assembled in the street. They continued to increase until they amounted to at least 2,000, and as they completely blocked up Arbour-street east, directions were given to admit them into the station- houscyard, the great gates of which were thrown open for that purpose. About 1,000 letters were handed to Mr. Selfe in the course of the day by the half- famished women. A selection was absolutely necessary, and the letters from tradesmen and landlords not known to the Magistrate, and not a few of whom were suspected of recommending applicants for the purpose of obtaining payment of debts and arrears of rent, were thrown aside, and the Magistrate proceeded to relieve the women recommended to him, and did not terminate his humane labors until 11 o'clock. About 300 women, a great majority of whom had husbands and children at home wanting bread, received from 1s. to 5s. each. Great numbers, whose poverty apparently as great was not verified, did not obtain anything. Mr. Dyer, the chief clerk, was solely occupied ft ore 11 o'clock in the morning in opening the letters containing cheques, bank notes, money orders, and postage "stamps and recording the same in a book" Never that I can recollect has there been so extraordinary an outburst of benevolence in the metropolis. The Stock Exchange, Lloyds, the Mincing Lane brokers, and the merchants and shopkeepers of London vied with each other in liberality. Great numbers, too, have given up their time to relieve the destitute at their own homes, and a large body of the police have been employed for that purpose. In this rough impromptu way this sudden visitation has been met. There is still great distress, but it is now reduced to narrow bounds. The thaw, which began on Thursday week, has continued. The weather is now very mild and muggy, and the frozen-out population has returned to work, to continue, I fear, that course of improvidence TV which leaves them without resource when the time of trial comes. It is very sad to think that the working classes of this country spend close upon £50,000 a year in beer and spirits. "A Builder," who has been engaged in distributing soup and coal tickets in the east of London, says that as the result of personal investigation, he believes that nineteen twentieths of the misery endured is wholly owing to the improvidence of the people themselves. He adds " I have known my own men earning 30s, "per week for mouths asking charity after being stopped a few days. I have known one man, to whom I was paying 20s. a week, pay 12s. of it for one week's beer." In ten days Parliament will meet, but there is an extraordinary apathy in respect to politics. " Social distress and foreign affairs have driven other matters out of our thoughts. No one can safely predict what the coming session will be, but the Conservatives have gained so many votes in the single elections of the past year that they will be able to run Ministers close in divisions. On the 4th prox. The Earl of Derby is to give a banquet to the Opposition peers. This sets at rest the question of the leadership of the Conservative party, which gossip has recently assigned to Earl Grey I Conspicuous among the new members is Mr. Layard, who is likely to prove a thorn in the side of Ministers. Apropos of the late Southwark election, there is a story current which, if not true, is good enough to be. It is said that the Rev. Mr. Spurgeon had promised Mr. Layard his vote, when he was appealed to in a letter from a brother minister to give on the contrary his vote to Scovell. It was urged in the letter that " the Lord was on Scovell's side," as a reason why Spurgeon should not vote against him. Spurgeon, however, having really elected for Layard, wrote some such note as this to his urgent correspondent spear Brother B-, I am truly rejoiced to hear what you tell me, that the Lord is on the side of Mr. Scovell, for in that case I shall not do the slightest harm by gratifying mr inclination in voting for Mr. Layard." Mr. Sidney Herbert, the Secretary at War, has been transferred from the Commons to the Lords under the title of Baron Herbert of Lea. The wear and tear of an M.P.'s life is too much for him. Earl de Grey has consequently been obliged to vacate the post of Under- Secretary at War, and has exchanged places with Mr. Baring at the India Board. Some seventy Liberal MP's, have addressed a memorial to Lord Palmerston, urging that £70,000,000 is too high an expenditure in time of peace, and that a reduction both in the warlike and civil service estimates is necessary. There is a strong feeling in that direction, though the Times, for its own purposes, endeavors to turn it to ridicule. On the second day of the new year Frederick William IV. expired at San Souci. As he had ceased to reign since October, 1858, the event was not thought to be of political consequence. The late King of Prussia died at midnight, and it is recorded by the official carnal in terms of admiration that our Princess Royal was the first to arrive at the palace of the Prince Regent, whither she hastened on foot, and through the darkness of the night, though the snow lay deep upon the ground, and the weather was piercing cold. The Regent has assumed the title of William I. His proclamation on ascending the Throne and his address on opening the Chambers, have created much disappoint- ment out of Germany. The. Prince Regent oscillated ; that King throws his sword into the scale against Italy. Almost the first person to whom he gave an audience was the Grand Duke of Tuscany. William has been only some three weeks King. In that time short he has given a. new aspect to Prussian policy, and "even to the European situation. He adheres, he says, to constitutional principles, but " will not be driven." He has come to an understanding with Austria, who is to have his moral if not his material support in the south, while he himself represents the Confederation in the north, he has taken measures for strengthening his army, and has called together his generals to tell them that war is approaching. " If I do not succeed in averting the struggle," says the Champion of German nationality, "it will be a struggle in which we must conquer if we do not wish to be annihilated." Strange and ominous words! Can they point elsewhere than across the Rhine? Meanwhile, at this awful juncture (if the King's language have any meaning) the new sovereign of Prussia has revived the miserable squabble with Denmark about the Duchies of Schleswig Holstein, and has accepted from the Federal Diet the task of wringing from that little kingdom certain concessions to the German population of the Scandinavian state. As The Times happily remarks I-" Germany, with Prussia at her head-Prussia,who can fight in no other quarrel-burns to measure swords with the King of Denmark, for: fear the inhabitants of Holstein should have to use " k" instead of " eh," cr acquire a nasal twang abhorrent to Teutonic ears. Let Prussia but offer a refuge from the ills which Germany has so often experienced, and the whole nation is ready to follow her. She might obtain without bloodshed and without offence an empire, vast, solid, and enduring and while protecting herself from the threatenings of immediate danger might be hailed as the saviour of 40 millions of men of the same race and language. line, instead of arming Germany to repel any possible aggression of France, Prussia draws her sword to correct the language of the Danish Duchies, and waste the power that might redeem and gain an empire in idle squabble about pronouns and articles." The Emperor Napoleon opened the new year with certain ambiguous phrases to the effect that with a good understanding between the Powers peace would be preserved. We are now in the fourth week of the new year, yet it is impossible to say what may happen in the next few weeks. I can only mention some of the signs of the times, leaving your readers to draw their own conclusion!-. What is called " the party of action" in. Southern Europe has long been preparing for an outburst in March. Arms and cannon have been sent to the Danubian Principalities. Some have been seized, others landed for the use of the numerous Hungarian refugees in that region, who aim at raising the banner of revolution in Servia and the outlying provinces of Austria in the spring. Pressure has been put upon Prince Coitza to put down these intrigues. The movement is felt in Russian, Austrian, and Prussian Poland, where there has been revived agitation. Polish nationality has reappeared, like a spectre of the past, to take advantage of the expected commotion. in Hungary affairs have taken a new turn. M. Schmerling's paper concessions have been dangled before the eyes of the Magyar race, who have taken all will tour being diverted from their programme - bona-fide indepen pendence. Their Combats have met, their Diet has been convoked for April, but, all this did not inspire them with confidence in the treacherous Hapsburgs, or induce that stubborn race to resume the payment of taxes. How true their instincts! From whatever cause the Emperor of Austria has determined to stop short in his concessions. " An Imperial Ordinance has been despatched to the Hungarian Government at Pesth. It annuals, in the first place, the elections by the Comilats of us lose persons who had lived for political causes. The Ordinance then goes on to proclaim the intention of the Government to act with the utmost; severity against all who refuse payment of the taxes imposed by Imperial authority. Though this resolve is no more than might have been expected, it may well be imagined that the Hungarians will not, receive with much submission the news that the Diet is to have no veto or, taxes imposed by an extravagant and reck- less Government for purposes which they themselves de- test. The General Assembly of the Come at of Gran has, voted a reply to the Imperial Ordinance. It, declares that Hungary has no confidence in a Government which has been in permanent conflict with it, and then passes a series of the very strongest resolutions. The Imperial diploma of the 20th of October is stated to be in contradiction to the Pragmatic Sanction, which defines the rights of the Emperor as King of Hungary, and is binding on the King as well as on the nation. The oath taken by Charles III. to bind- ing on his successors. After these rebukes to the Imperial assumptions, the Assembly decrees explicitly that a taxes not sanctioned by the Hungarian Diet are illegal,' and demands guarantees for the right of the Diet to sanction or to reject taxes.'" This is the language of men who are, or who think they are, masters of the situation. The policy of the Hungarian nal ion is to avoid violent outbreaks, and wear out the Court of Vienna by moral resistance which will deprive Russia, Prussia, and Germany of any pretext- for interfering on behalf of the Hapsburgs. Additional troops are being sent into Hungary, but whether they will succeed in over coming the passive resistance of the people to the payment of taxes Time will show, Austria is in a state of impending bankruptcy, and cannot afford to wait. Between the move unit pa 18 of Hungary and of Italy the e is evidently a complete understanding The Uti nut of Cuprona has all the I' end of the revolutions v scheme in his hands Week after ved he has been proclaiming that by the spring Italy must have ready ter of lines of combatants for renewing the war of whom it, on for- Garibaldi is not destiny A more pay and d hand than b 3 his kept back the li than of late The pie once or a 1 death fleet but- e Ceitii'as finishing all the pi i in form attack on V suet I ahead of preparing to notes the Mincio, the amount of the Sultan army is still encamped before this for t es, and is there learning how this the first education for attentions The Emperor "a spot on his gamed ii s point, spite of Gallois it He has, wife has t -t, I india via his ships from Great (now invested on all sides, but not Streicher has imposed his found it Tin m Victor Emmanuel and CotiitC*voiu an hour and over to keep the peace e with Austin for the same 11 ey have sent General Tut who Caprera, a id G uib-ldi has promised not to act will ci to the full consent of 1 a sovereign, and totally o m p, e d on to his master so long as the centre fa t f 1 to the duty of arming the nation To- morrow. the inhabitants of Picclmonr, Tuscany, Toi ibaidv,^fbe Emilia, and the Two Sicilies, will electric entailed to the 5 ft Italian Parliament, and despite, man digger named symptoms there is herE doubt that On ours j play will be ratified by a in- majority, and that Italy will await with toiled at his 1 c fund of the House u inn In the Two Sicilies things are mending. Prince Christian has been cordially welcomed at Naples as Lieutenant-Governor, and M. Nigra, Ids Minister, has gathered around him the most able statesmen of the country, and will probably succeed better than Farina in establishing a settled Government. The re- actionary bands that are sent across the frontier by the Papal authorities, and the brigands of the Abruzzi and Calabria are being put down. Whether France will allow Victor Emmanuel to settle accounts with the Roman Government, now openly acting as the ally of Francis If., is doubtful, but there are rumours that the Emperor Napoleon is weary of his struggle with the Vatican, and de" posed to allow the Sardinians to step i and put an end to the temporal power of the Pope. Another report is too curious to be withheld. "The Safi reif Jteviac, after stating that Mr. Pope Hennessy, if. P., has arrived in Rome as the beaver of papers conveying a pledge on the part of the Roman Catholics of the United Kingdom to pay a yearly tribute of one million Roman dollars to the Pope, proceeds to pay that Cardinal Wiseman, on the other hand, has written an eputLi to the Pontiff, expressing his grief that, in spite of the most zealous efforts to erect! contributions, he has met with very imperfect success. The Cardinal states that he has I received everywhere plentiful assurances of readiness to contribute towards the support of the pope's spiritual dignity, but strong expressions of indisposi.tion to expend money upon armaments for the political enthralment of his subjects. He finds himself bound respectfully to tender to Use pope the melancholy advice that his interests, in the sad condition of affairs, would be best consulted by coming to an understanding with Victor Emmanuel.' " While on the subject of Papal advert to what is taking place in Ireland in connexion with national education-a question that has a special bearing on the controversy that has arisen in South Australia. It is understood that the Catholic hierarchy are by no means satisfied with the concessions that have been made in the appointment of additional Catholic members of the National Board of Education. They have already issued a manifesto prohibiting clerical patrons of Roman Catholic schools from sending their- teachers to any of the model or training schools in connection with the National Board, and also declaring that Roman Catholic patrons will not employ in any literary capacity pupils, monitors, pupil teachers, or teachers who may enter any of those institutions after the date of such prohibition. It is further stated that Dean May 1er, menaced with suspension by Archbishop Cullen, has determined to resign his Commissionership on the National School Board. Several lay Roman Catholic members of the Board, it is confidently believed, will follow his fi example, from influence brought to bear upon them. Finally, Dr. McHale has issued the following circular on the subject of the national schools : St. Jarlath's, Turin, Jan. 11 Re.dear Sir With a view to adopt the most effectual means to abate the , evils of mixed education, now so deservedly and is generally deplored, we require answers to the following questions slit. Are there national schools in your parish, and, if so how many ? 2nd. Of those national schools, are there any vested in the corporate Board of Education, and, in so. which are those schools ? 3rd. Who are 9-10 patrons of the several schools in your parish ? 4th. Who are the inspectors 5th. The national schools, being conducted on the principle of mixed education, whether the schools in your parish be mixed with Catholics and Protestants, or whether they consist generally of exclusively Catholic pupils 6th. What portion of time is allotted each week for religious instruction, and by whom dispensed ? 7th. Whether any of the masters and mistresses who may dispense religious instruction have been trained in any of those Protestant or mixed institutions where the ordinary or the clergy had no opportunity of ascertaining their fitness to direct the moral and religious education of Catholic children of this diocese ? 8th. Do you know any of those inspectors of Catholic schools to have been educated in, or to be connected with, the Queen's Colleges condemned by the Church ? 9th. How often in each month do you visit those schools ? 10th. Are there any of your flock sending any of their children to the condemned colleges above alluded to? " life. How many Catholic schools of every description in your parish unconnected with the National Board - On account of the vital importance of this subject, your distinct answers to these questions will be expected before the 24th of this month I remain your faithful servant, Jons, Archbishop of Tuam." Before taking leave of European politics I ought to mention that, despite the pacific prospects of Italy, France is arming. The following explanations on the subject are given in Bullier's lithographic sheets, which are supposed to be revised by Parisian officials before they are sent for insertion to the newspapers of the departments :-" Without wishing to diminish the pacific hopes entertained, I must say that it appears from various letters received from the north, south, and centre of Europe, that great apprehension is entertained for the Spring. sides even the menacing state of Italy, and without taking into account the critical position of Turkey, where all appearances indicate a more or less approaching in succession of the Christian population, we see war- like symptoms manifesting themselves in Austria and in Denmark, which the greatest human wisdom will find great difficulty in surmounting. France, which cannot suffer herself to be taken unawares, has been necessarily led to make counter preparations. I am assured that orders have been given to concentrate supplies and a considerable wait salaries in several of our northern and eastern departments, as well as on the frontiers of the Alps. On the other hand, it would appear that much activity is observed in our maritime arsenals. It is seriously proposed to increase the staff of our fleet. It is said that 60 or 80 superior officers are to receive commissions." Several deputations from manufacturing towns have waited upon M. Rougher, to ask for explana- tions as to the political sil nation. It is reported that the Minister of Commerce told them that he hoped for the maintenance of peace, but he was careful to add that this was only his personal opinion, and that the country would soon know what turn events were likely to take by the Emperor's speech, and the debate on the address. On the other hand, the finances and commerce of France are in a depressed state. The Bank of France has been obliged to raise the rate of discount, and has obtained further temporary supplies of bullion, but so great is the pressure that there is fear that the Bank may be authorised to suspend specie payments. Surely with such embarrassed trade and scarcity of money, the Emperor cannot be thinking of war. Even more than the critical state of the continent, the political convulsion that has broken out in the western world is absorbing our attention. The United States exist but in name. Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida have passed the secession ordinance, and thrown in their lot with South Carolina by varying majorities, and in Louisiana and Georgia the elections to the Convention show a considerable majority of secessionists. In nearly all these States the Federal forts and arsenals have been seized. Civil war may indeed he said to have commenced. President Buchanan, whose message encouraged succession, has now found it necessary to make a stand for Federal rights. He received the Commissioners of South Carolina, not officially he declares, but as distinguished citizens, and refused to send a reinforce- ment to Major Anderson, whose garrison was notably insecure at Fort Moultrie in Charleston harbour. But when that officer took precautionary measures against the violence with which he was surrounded, and removed his force from Fort Moultrie to Fort Sumter, having first spiked the guns of the latter, and when the Commissioner's of South Carolina vehemently denounced this unexpected step as a violation of a previous understanding, the President refused to listen to their demand that he should forthwith withdraw the garrison and ordered thecollection of customs to be made in a revenue cutter guarded by a ship of war. The Star of the West was sent with reinforcements to Major Anderson, and fired into by the Charleston batteries without causing any particular damage, in consequence of which the Federal vessel retired. It is said, however, that the Central Government has determined to reinforce Fort Sumter at all risks, while the Governor of South Carolina has given formal notice that the attempt will be resisted. The distracted President has sent another message to Congress imploring them to save the Union a by all constitutional means," and suggesting that, as a compromise, to let the North have exclusive control of the territory above a certain line, and to give Southern institutions protection below that line. But Congress is all " at sixes and sevens ." all kinds of com- promises are proposed, and the representatives of the Border States are especially active in the work. But in the Free States a spirit is rising which is averse to compromise, and demands the maintenance of the Union at all hazards. New York has offered the whole of the State force to the Washington Government. The Senate of that State has voted Major Anderson sword, and the House of Representatives at Washington has passed a resolution of approval. Some are still sanguine that the breach may be healed by Northern concessions ; others that the seceeding States will eventually want to come back into the Union. But if blood is shed in Charleston harbour there is nothing for it but civil war and a slave insurrection. " A slave insurrection !" What an awful picture of bloodshed, massacre, rapine, and desolation does the phrase conjure up. It has already created a kind of panic on this side the Atlantic, and not without reason. The cotton trade of Great Britain, employing 4,000,000, or onesixthofour population, is in peril. We receive no less than 77 per cent, of the raw material of that great industry from these very states, now threatened with a servile in- surrection. For years philanthropists and others have been preaching the desirableness of growing cotton in India, Jamaica, Natal, and Australia, and something has been done. But now the question is an imminent one. The Lancashire nianuf.icttu«eis have taken the alarm, and at an influential meeting last Tuesday passed the following resolution -a "That, in the opinion of this meeting, the emergency demands that prompt, liberal, and ample support should be afforded for the formation of a powerful Joint Stock Limited Liability Company, to promote an increased cultivation of cotton, by offering to purchase it in India, Australia, Africa, or other countries and that a capital of £1,000,000 sterling, in shares of £10 each, should be raised for this purpose." Mr. Barkley, ALP., in the course of MI able speech in support of the scheme, said-" Why should not we also make an effort to introduce labourers into the Australian colony of Queensland, whence excellent cotton could be had? He was quite sure that the Government of the country was perfectly willing to assist the trade in increasing the supply of its raw material. It would be with the greatest ease that 250,000 Chinamen with their families (perhaps a million of people might in the course of a comparatively short time be removed from the Chinese Empire to our Australian possessions. In the course of two or three years we might by some strenuous exertions produce a crop of cotton equal to 2,000,000 bags in the year. Reviewing these and other suggestions, he cookhouse, and felt that we had the power to help ourselves if we had but the courage to do so." A very interesting fugitive slave case has been before I ho Courts of London in Canada and in England. Seven years ago Anderson, a slave in Missouri, killed a white of the name of Bigge's, who attempted to arrest him as he was escaping. Ander- son got over the border, and became a respectable citizen of Canada. He was arrested a short time since, on a warrant granted by a Justice of the Peace, under the extradition clauses of the Ashburton Treaty. The case came before the Queen's Bench in Canada. The question was, whether he should be given up to the United States authorities, and Chief Justice Robinson and -Ju Alice Burns decided ya the ¡ifl'rnutirc, while Justice M'Lean held that the evidence against the negro was insufficient to warrant his being delivered no. An appeal was I entered against the judgment. Meanwhile the case excited extraordinary interest on this side the Atlantic, and the Times asked whether England was going to catch runaway slaves to be j roasted alive in Missouri. Mr. Edwin James, at the instance of the Anti- Slavery Society, applied for a writ of habeas corpus in the Court of Queen's Bench to bring up John Anderson for trial in this country. The application was granted on the ground that the Sovereign has power to exercise this right in every Court of law in the British Empire to which the constitution has given a concurrent jurisdiction. A messenger of the Court proceeded on Saturday week from Liverpool by the Cunard steamer for Canada, and Anderson will be brought over, unless it shall so happen that he will be liberated by the Court of Cotamcii Pleas in Canada before the messenger shall arrive out. There is something very grand and touch- ing in this spectacle of the highest judicature of the British Empire, stretching forth its hand across the ocean to save a poor black from the premature clutch of his malignant persecutors. There seems no doubt that the Extradition Treaty does not, and was expressly framed that it should not apply to fugitive slave cases. Prince Alfred, after a short sojourn at home, and a hurried visit to Germany, has again started on his | travels. On Wednesday week he embarked on board of his new ship, the St. George, at Plymouth. ! It is believed that the vessel will first go to Madeira, and afterwards to Bermuda and Barba- I does, where no doubt an enthusiastic reception awaits him. Perhaps before he settles down to the dull life of Gotha, his wanderings may have extended as far as Australia. One of the most striking characteristics of the new year has been the " week of united prayer " observed iuallparts of the world. The period from the 6th to the 13th instant, including two Sundays, was set apart for that purpose. spite of the cold weather the various prayer meetings in London were very well attended. Special topics for thought, discussion, and prayer, were assigned for each day. Besides the various district gatherings, there was a united meeting at Freemason's Hall, and on the Sabbath a united communion, so far as laymen were concerned, the church clergy not being present. In general, the co-operation between all denominations of dissenters in these exercises was thorough that between Churchmen and Dissenters (at least the clergy) less so- the church race question being a great obstacle to Christian, union. The theological controversy that has arisen out of the celebrated " Essays and Reviews" (now in their fourth edition is assuming serious proportions. The Bishop of St. David's has joined the Bishop of Oxford in denouncing the book. The Bishop of Winchester, brother of the Primate, has announced that he will never knowingly ordain a candidate who holds views in sympathy with these writers. Archdeacon Coxe, too, lately preached a sermon in Durham Cathedral, in which he described the book as " the most astounding production that ever proceeded I will not say from a Christian university but from any man or men daring to profess Christ's name." The Westminster Series' returns once more to the subject in an article entitled "Bible Infallibility, Evangelical Defenders of the Faith." The National regards the appearance of the "Essays and Reviews" | as marking " an epoch in the theological development I of English mind, and indicating no obscurely the general form and lineaments of the Church of the I future." That Church is to be an all-embracing [ establishment, allowing " greater power of self-de- velopment," and extinguishing sects and parties. On the other hand, the British Quarterly devotes one article of 80 pages to a critical examination of the arguments of the several authors, with a view to show how far their case as therein stated is a valid one. It is a very masterly paper. The subject is also dealt with at length in the Quarterly Review, the great Conservative organ. The great attention which has been drawn to the volume is declared to be due less to its intrinsic merits than to the position occupied by the writers as distinguished members of the Church of England. The Rationalism therein advocated is simply a revival, in an English dress, of German Rationalism, which was exploded I by Evangelical divines, and has long been on the decline in central Europe. The "Essayists" simply aim at establishing a Chris! family without a Christ,] without a Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church. The Quarterly calls upon them either to ] go back or to advance to Deism-their present! position being logically untenable. To retain their appointments in the Establishment Universities is " morally dishonest setting at nought the oaths they have taken to teach and observe the doctrines of the Church of England. The Quarterly expresses confident belief that, even if a few of the young and a unwary are led away by the sophistries and false sent merits of the Essayists, the great body G? the English | clergy and laity of the country will utterly repudiate them. The Quarterly, of course, stands by the Church and by subscription as necessary to the preservation of its faith. The current number of the j Edinburgh takes up the question of Liturgical revision, and highly praises the temper of Mr. Binney s book. It advocates the reforms proposed by Lord Ebury. A The terms of subscription, the form of words in the ordination of priests, the absolution contained in the I office for the visitation of the sick, the use of the Athanasian creed in public worship, some phrases in the burial service, and the language of the baptismal j service, and the correspondent parts of the catechism, j have pointed out as the principal things that require ] a revision. These changes are advocated in no party or a religious sense, but in order that the Church may become more comprehensive, and may be brought to recognise that latitude of opinion in her articles and forms which is " allowed by the practice of centuries, and solemnly sanctioned by (the Ecclesiastical Courts." The Evangelicals demand liturgical revision in order that orthodoxy may become more binding in practice; the Edinburgh that the Church, may have a colorless creed, and that its portals may not be guarded by obsolete tests which encourage her ministers " to evade the plain meaning of the formularies by expedients manifestly sophistical," and which form a barrier to the admission of conscientious Noncon- formists. In my last I gave you some particulars of the damage sustained by the ocean cable to be laid down between Rangoon and Singapore. Since then the vessel in which it was shipped, the Queen Victoria, has stranded off Plymouth. The cable is being transhipped. It is now stated that the high and dangerous temperature in the hold, caused in some measure by the brightness of the wire used in this cable, has been completely subdued by the unexpected submersion when the ship was stranded, and it is now in capital condition. But if the cable should be found to be perfect, it will be a long while before the separate pieces are again spliced, and the whole sent forward to its destination. The current number of the Edinburgh has an interesting article on ocean telegraphs, and the subject is still exciting much discussion in the press. It is asserted, on semi-official authority, that the Government are engaged in the consideration of an important ship towards the completion of our telegraphic communication with the East. The project contemplated is the laying down of a line between Malta and Egypt, and it is thought probable that the Rangoon and Singapore cable will be appropriated to this purpose. " This course," remarks the Observer, will also justify the Government in incurring the expense of repairing the Red Sea and Indian tele- graph," which, it is added, is not in the hopeless state generally supposed. The trade and commerce of the country are for the most part in a healthy state, but there is an indisposition to extend operations in consequence of the critical state of monetary matters in France, and the crisis that has arisen in the United States. The very high rate of discount, now seven percent., restrains speculation, and is a check on the accommodation bill system. Since the beginning of the excitement, in America not less than two millions of gold has been shipped to America without profit to the exporters, But to the benefit of American investments, Most of it is now expected to come back again. The great leather failures of Messrs. Streatfield, Lawrence, &. Co. still occupy the Court of Bankruptcy, and the disclosures made relative to the bill system pursued have occasions I much scandal. There have been several considerable failures during the past fortnight, the chief being Messrs. Ede & Co., Levant merchants. The aggregate liabilities of the home, direct and indirect, are expected to reach £8,000. The difficulty is understood to have arisen mainly from the means of the firm being at this period of high rates of discount locked up to some extent in the local loans to the Turkish Government on the security of Customs duties, which come in slowly. Messrs. C. W. Ede and Co., with liabilities at about £100,000, have also suspended payment. Owing to the continued lightness of the money market, combined with the anticipation of the Indian loan, the funds to-day are Has, at yesterday's reduction. Consols are now quoted 919 to i for money, and also to s for the account. Alf though the rate of money in the Stock Exchange yesterday was no less than 6 to 7 per cent, on government securities, and the effect extended into the discount market, the decline in the funds was limited cost per cent. The market closed with flatness. The demand for gold for exportation having slackened, about £50,000 Australian was taken to the Bank yesterday, and more is expected to follow. Some moderate remittances of gold are on the way from Constantinople to the Ottoman Bank. 