. . ?'' ' . ?' ,,,.SAENASS0S. ' ... ' .. ?' ^.:v:''v . Before his Honor Sir ?PhmtuB 'Apollo, CX, and a Specbil .. ../ :'-'.??? ?'? iJurj-of the Jlnsea.- . ? ? ? 'Bertorii' stood indictsdfor^thiithodid at Gayndah, in the colony of Queensbind,yoh rtbe 28rd day of March last, felonioaaly and of malice prepen^ barbarously and cruelly', maini'anu disfignre one commonlyicalledj*'JOueen'a English,' to wit by committing a savage assauitiapon the aforesaid .Queen^sEpglish^toiUe.misphicempnt^flUsioniponentparts, vii., by making the words 'bouse-iiiplid '^parouse,' 'voice1' and 'noisij;';' fools' and fl bullg,' '.desoenBiou?' end 'as. cention' to rhyme together, besides several other felonioui act* (which it is unnecessary to recapitulate) in opposition to the aforesaid Queen's English, contrary to tbe statute made and provided against such -vide 1 v., c 85, s. 4) and derogatory to her Majesty's crown aud dignity.: . The defendant, with considerable risibility, pleaded not guilty. The jury being duly sworn, the Ghost of Ban Ban appeared for tbe prosecution. He said, as one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, lie could not, consistent with his duty, allow such a barbarous, cruel, and unprovoked assault to pass un punished; he had therefore done everything in his power to have the defeuduut placed within the jurisdiction of the Court. He was happy to suy be had been fully successful, and bad no doubt he (th-- defendant) should receive from his Honour the condign punishment he so rich 'y merited. He accused him of systematically violating the principles of composition as promulgated by his Honor and the canons of criticism as patronised by the ladies of Hie jury. H« .besides hated the defendant personally, and had seized 'this oppor tunity wh'ch luckily presented itself of trying to crush him, and at the same -jmc performing a great service for the pub lic. He should he able to prove beyond the shadow of 'a shadow of contradiction Unit the defendant was the perpe trator of this brutal assault, which had resulted in so cruelly maiming and disfiguring. The plaintiff without further pre face, with his Honor's permission, should proceed tn cal. one witness for hie evidence. He alone wou.d be, an he was instructed, sufficient to substantiate the indictment. The. Kdicor, C. H. Buzacutt. being -1u!y sworn, described himself us tbe proprietor uf the Jfarybirougk Chronicle I know the defendant ; the action for which h« stands indicted was committed at tiayuriah, hut he seut me an account for publi cation ; I produce tUe M». ; I swear it is written by him and. published by me as written, verbalim et liheratim; I had no wish to appear in Cuurt. for though I do not approve of all defendant has done, he has nevertheless contributed greatly to the amusement of my subscribers. The defendant at once addmitted ihi$ evidence as perfectly correct, therefore Ihe case for tbe prosecution was concluded. Defendant called as witnesses for his dvfcuce the following highly distinguished gentlemen. Alexander Pope, Esq., who said he was a poet, had and ' still has. the refutation or being the most correct of all the English poets. He had written largely ; had often used 'rules' and 'fools' as good rhyme ; Had also occasionally 'house' and carouse ;'' were in common use by the most eminent bands in his d.iy. cross-examined: For your satis faction I shall quote oue couplet — ?' From tall to mouth thev feed and they carouse, The last full fairly gives it to the house.' Cross- examined : I think your criticism foolish ; if you had lived in my day I should have giveu you e conspicuous posi tion iu the Druieiud. Matthew Prior. Esq., described himself as having been in Queen Anna's refrn. Secretary of Embassy and Minister Plenipotentiary at Paris, and a pnet; liud written fables titles, sonus. Suloinan, -kc. which had been and still sire very popular ; considered 'njise' and 'voice' capital rhyme, and had used them repeatedly ; w mid repeat two oouplets ? ' What is this triumph, madness, songs, and noise ? This great colltctioM of a people's voice f ' ' Can Nature's voico Plaintive be drowned or lessened by the noise ?' Crosi-exainined : As you don't, from your question, seem to understand what a moral is, pruy study my Tale of Hans CarroL l«aac Watts described himself as a poet, a logician, and a Doctor uf Divinity ; had m-itteu very popular hymns, and had used *'bull8' and 'fools;' in one which almost every child iu EngUud Jearns is the following verso — f '. ' The feeble fools, They bowed their knees to senseless bulls, Aud broke their ties to God.' This witness was not cross-examined. Thomas Campbell. Esq., said be had written the Pleasures of Hope, Gertrude of Wyoming, and many odes ; thought that words of .the same terminatioirrif signifying different things, were allowable in poetry'; had frequently used such, but did not altogether approve, as he was perhaps rather fastidious ; in oue of hia odes occurred the following passage— ' Transcends Tour conqueror's joy ; his cheek may blush ? but shame Can tinge uot yours, though exile's tear descends.' Cross-examined : If transcends and descends were allowed to ? me, why should uot condescension aud ascension to the defen dant ? The defendant then addressed the Court. He said that plenty more witnesses could be produced, such us Shelley. Scott, and others, but he deemed it altogether unnecessary to occupy tbe time of his Honor in rebutting so frivolous an accusation. After having made a few remarks characterised by ingeniousness and acuteness, he concluded by abruptly asking his Honor if there was auy case for the jury. His Honor at once signified there was not, and ordered the de fendant to te at once discharged. Tbe Chief Justicethen ordered the Ghost of Ban Ban to be committed for trod for gross aud culpable ignorance. PH1L0-BERTORII. 