A THEOLOGICAL SHINDY. The theological controversy that lias arisen out of the celebrated " Essays and Reviews" (now in their fourth edition) is assuming serious _ propor tions. The Bishop of St. David's. has joined the Bishop ot Oxford m denouncing . the booK. _ Die Bishop of Winchester, brother of the Primate, has announced that he will never knowingly ordain a candidate who holds view's in sympathy with these writers. Archdeacon Coxe, too, lately preached n sermon in Durham Cathedral, in which he described the book as " the most astonishing production that ever proceeded — I will not euy from a Christian university, but from any man or men daring to profess Christ's name." The ' West minster Review ' returns once more to the subject, in an article entitled " Bible Infallibility, Evan gelical Defenders of the Faiih." The ' National ' regards the appearance of the " Essays and Re views" as marking " an epoch in the theological development of English mind, and indicating not obscurely the general form and lineaments of the Church of the future." That Church is to be an all embracing establishment, allowing "greater power of self- development," and extinguishing sects' and psrtieo. On the other hand, the 'British Quarterly' devotes one article of 80 pages to a critical examination of the arguments of the several authors, with a view to show how far their case as therein stated is a valid one. It is a very mas terly paper. The subject is also dealt with at length in the ' Quarterly Review' the grtat Con servative organ. The great attention which has been drawn to the volume is declared to be due less to its intrinsic merits then to the position oc cupied by the writers as distinguished members of the Churcu of England. The Rationalism therein advocated it simply a revival, in an English press, of German Rationalism, which was exploded by Evangelical divineB, and has long been on the decline in central Europe. The "Essayists" simply aim at establishing a Christianity without a Christ, without a Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church. The ' Quarterly ' calls upon them either to go back or to advance to Deism — their present position being logically untenable. To retain tbeir appointments in the Established Universities is "morally dishonest" — setting at nought the oaths they have taken to teaeb and observe the doctrines of the Church of England. The ' Quarterly' expresses a confident belief that, even if a few of the young and unwary are led away by the sophistries and false senti ments of the Essayists, the great body of the English clergy and laity of the country will ut terly repudiate them. The ' Quarterly,' of course, stands by the Church and by subscription as necessary to the preservation ot its faith. The current number of the ' Edinburgh' takes up the question of Liturgical revision, and highly praises the temper of Mr. Binney's book. It advocates the reforms proposed by Lord Ebury. The terms of subscription, the form of wordB in the ordina tion of priests, the absolution comained in the office for the visitation of the sick, the use of the Athanssian creed in public worahip, some phrases iu the burial service, and the language of the baptismal service, and the correspondent parts of the catechism, are pointed out as the principal things that require revision. These changes are advocated in no party or religious sense, but in order that the Church may become more compre hensive, and may he brought to recognise that latitude of opinion in her articles and forms which is "allowed by the practice of centuries, and solemnly sanctioned by the Ecclesiastical Courts." The Evangelicals demand liturgical revision in order that orthodoxy may become more binding in practice ; the ' Edinburgh ' that the Church may have a colorless creed, and that its portals may not be guarded by obsolete tests which en courage her ministers " to evade the plain mean ing of the formularies by expedients manifestly sophistical," and which form a barrier to the admission of conscientious Nonconformists. The daughter of a wealthy farmer at "War- minster, "Wilts, formed an attachment to a railway, policeman, of which acquaintance her parents strongly disapproved, doing out for a walk on the 24th of December, her parents ordered her not to enter any house during her walk. She disobeyed thus command, and entered the policeman's cottage as usual ; her mother, who had been on the watch, rushed in, and hurried her home, where her father horse-whipped her, and ordered her to her bedchamber. In , consequence of her not appearing next morning, the door was forced open, and the unhappy girl was 'discovered lying ori the floor, dead ; she had poisoned herself. - "While" Maccomo, , an animal , tamer, was! exhibiting a Bengal tiger at Liverpool, : on Friday week, a tigress caught his nand in her mouth. ' Maccomo planted his. knee iu the small of the tigress's hack; pressed her against the cage, and, seizing her, lower jaw with hia right hand held her powerlesB to do more than retain the left hand in her month. Maccomo called to one of the keepers; " She has got my hand in her mouth; get a bar of hot iron." ; Four or five minutes elapsed before the iron was ready, during which time Maccoino'stood as a piece of Btatuary, not a , quiver of lip to show the pain he was endur ing. When ready, the hot iron was applied quickly and surely by one of the keepers to one of the large teeth in the upper jaw ; and, as though she had been electrified, her mouth sprang open. Maccomo, quick as lightning, tdrew his hand away, caught hold of a thick stick, struck the treacherous animal a terrific blow on the skull, brought .her down, and forced her to finish her performance before he left the stage. - The brig Mignonette, , from Surinam, was obliged -to put into Plymouth on Sunday. Excepting Harry Hunt, able Beatnan, every one on board was affected by fever, and three had died— one from brain fever, another by taking too freely of alcoholic drinks, and the other through lying down in his wet clothes. The survivors attribute their safe arrival in England entirely to the skill and persever ance of Captain Selbery, who was compelled to adopt the dangerous alternative of leaving Surinam with a prostrate crew. Captain Selbery was obliged to keep the brig almost exclusively under plain sail. He was for hours at the wheel, and had sometimes to go aloft to furl topgallant sails. Notwithstand ing all these difficulties, and that the brig had to lie-to three days in a heavy gale, she made a fair average passage from Surinam in forty- four days. The men were received at the Sailors' Home, and are progressing favourably. A correspondence, originated by the Lord Mayor of Dublin with the Earl of Carlisle, on the threatened abolition of the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland, has been published. The Lord 'Mayor asks the Lord-Lieutenant to make sueh a com munication as will " allay the anxiety which gen erally prevails on thi3 subject." The Lord-Lieu tenant sayB : — " My dear Lord Mayor, — I have been favoured with your lordship's letter inquir ing whether there is any truth in the report that her Majesty's Government intend to introduce ioto Parliament, in the ensuiog session, a measure for the abolition of the office of Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland. I have to state in reply, that I have the best reasons for believiDg that any such report is entirely destitute of foundation." His Royal Highness Prince Alfred recently sailed with H.M.S. St. George, 00, Captain the IIou. Francis Egerton, from Plymouth, for the ( North American and West India stntion. It is| now about eighty years Bince the West India j Islands were visited by the late King William IV., j then Prince William Henry, and on that occasion he received, a perfect ovation. Thb English Graveyards at Sbbabto- roL. — The 'Eastern Counties Herald announces the arrival at Hull of the Anxious, Captain Cawthorne, from Lai ak lava, laden with nun?- and bones. Captain Ca-vthorne arrived at Balaklava on the 2nd of August, and left that port on the 2nd September, and from him we learn that, having been over Cathcart's Hill, he was surprised at the high state of preserva tion, which the graveyard was in, all being neat and in order, flowers also of various kinds being seen over the graves in every direction. Mr Cawthorne visited many of the graveyards about Inkermann and Balaklava, and having previously heard the reports of churchyard de secration, he was astonished to see the beauti ful order in which the graveyards were kept On entering the graveyard in which lie the re mains of Captain Hedley Vicars, Mr Caw- thorne's atttention was attracted to the grave of that gallant officer, which occupies the most conspicuous position in that place. The head stone was in no way dilapidated, and the grave altogether presented as neat an appearance as is seen in our own cemeteries ; and Mr Caw thorne expressed the same opinion generally in respect to all the graveyards which he had vi sited. Colonel Gowan, a gentleman in every respect, aud high in the estimation of both the Russian and American Governments, along with Captain Nichols and Mr France (the owner of the Anxious, a nativo of Leeds in Yorkshire, but residing and carrying on bu siness of a merchant at. Odessa), are the par ties who have the charge of the graveyards, and as Colonel Gowan has been several times complimented by the English press for bis dis interested attention to the graves of the Eng lish who fell in the Crimean campaign, it is quite evident that under his and his coadjutors' superintendence no anxiety need be felt at home for the preservation of the graves of England's brave sons, who 30 nobly died in their country's cause. Sebastopol itself yet bears the traces of the memorable campaign ; roofless houses are to be seen in all directions, but the population is slightly on the increase. The only building which as yet has been re stored by the Russian Government is the Ad miralty building, which was only Blightly da maged, the once fine hospital being still left in its- dilapidated state, only tenanted by a few Jews, who earn their living by going over the battlefields, digging up old iron and lead which they sell, and upon which they have to pay a small percentage to the Russian Government. Of the renowned Malakoff and Redan towers nothing now remains but shattered mounds, in which lie embedded several guns, dislodged by the allies, and where may be occasionally seen half a dozen men engaged disentombing the old cannon, and here and there in the trenches, or surmounting earthworks, may be seen live shells, which no person dare touch for fear of the havoc on explosion of one of them wonld cause, and there is a likelihood of there remaining there some time' yet. The population of Sebastopol and immediate district' is between 2000 and 3000. Pbepa ration fob the Turkish Bath.— For the purpose of purifying .the blood from excrementitious, matter, for the preservation of health and prevention of disease, the thermal bath is preeminent. ..From persons unaccus- tomed'from infancy to the use of baths of every kind, some preparation before" going into the thermal bath, is necessary, to Becure its salu tary, and to avoid its possibly injurious effects. 'This preparation is threefold — dietary, medi cinal, and ablntionary 1st. The ordinary quantity of' animal food and fermented liquor should be Blightly diminished, 2nd. A few doses of gentle aperient medicine should be administered, followed— 3rdly, by one or two soap baths. After this preparation the therr mal bath may be used with every prospect' of permanent benefit from its continnons employ ment. Neither iB it to be regarded simply as a luxury, to increase the enjoyment of life and its manifold pleasure nor as a means of pre serving health far mora than this, it is a powerful Bnd valuable agent in the treatment of a variety of diseases. Jn the case of a com mon cold or simple catarrh, caught by exposure to excessive heat in an impure atmosphere,' the symptoms are at once removed and health re stored by the use of the thermal bath. In cases of ague, the thermal bath; used just before the cold stage of the expected paroxysm speedily prevents the recurrence of the dis order. . If, previous to, or during, this rigors which precede the formation of fevers, free perspiration were induced by the thermal bath, the ' fames morbi ' might be ex pelled and all the dangerous, process of the subsequent disease might be prevented. .It is quite as much, if not more, ; by the sweating they occasion as by vomiting that emetics fre quently arrest, in limine, the progress of conta gious diseases. It is for the same reason that emetics, administered in the outsat of zymotic diseaset (under which head are comprised small pox, chicken pox, measles, croup, thrush, diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera, influenza, aguB, remittent fever, typhus, erysipelas, hydropho bia, scarlatina, and whooping cough), are so frequently and highly beneficial in divesting these fatal diseases of more than one half of their danger. How much more effectual the habitual use of the thermal bath, by preserving the purity of the blood, as a preventive against their severity, if not of their occurrence ! If a conjecture may be hazarded, the entire immu nity. of the ancient Arabians, Greeks, and Romans from these scourges of the human race,, and their ingress in the dark ages amongst barbarous tribes, and even among the modern and more refined nations, may have been owing to the habitual use of the hot air and vapor bath by tho former, and the entire ignorance or neglect of this mode of purification by the latter. Modern purification may be defiued as superficial; ancient, as reachiug the blood and all the tissues of which the body is composed. A fatal boiler explosion occured at the Cockshut Colliery, near "Wolverhampton, on Monday, January 13. John Yates was pass ing within a few feet of the engine house, w hen some of the debris struck him. He was removed to the South Staffordshire Hos pital,. but died shortly after his admission. At the time the explosion took place, the engine driver was oiling the gearing immediately over the bailer. Some of the scalding water struck him in the face and on the right arm, and he fell to the ground, a distance of twelve or fourteen feet. When discovered by his fellow workmen, he was partly suspended over the pit shaft, and had it not been for the firm hold he had managed to maintain, he must unquestionably have fallen into the mine. As it was, he was comparatively un hurt, and in all probability ho will be able to resume his employment in the course of a few days. The cause of the explosion is un known. though the general surmise is that it arose from tho unusual thinness of tho boiler plates. The engine was self-feeding, and at tho time of the accident tho boiler had the ordinary working quantity of water in it — about two feet eleven inches. 