THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The 7th animal session of the Diocesan Synod commenced on Monday. At 3 o'clock the members assembled at Trinity Church when evening prayer was read by the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean and Canon Coombs. The LORD BISHOP then delivered his annual charge, which was as follows: - Rev. and Dear Brethren There are times when the restless activity of social life subsides into a momentary Mon. and the body politic, like the human frame, derives fresh vigor from repose. Church life also, the religious consciousness of associated bodies, is subject to the like changes; at one time, perhaps, struggling with silently or imperilled by divisions at another, relieved from outward pressure J and inward dissension, it enjoys the blessing of peace, and feels 'how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.'' Like the dew of Herman descending upon the mountains of Sion, that grace brings with its! blessing train the Lord. " Such a season of refreshment, much needed and much longed for was through the mercy of God brought to us by the visitation of our much-esteemed Metropolitan, the Lord Bishop of Sydney, who. acauuuaiiicd by a ' faithful brother in the Gospel, Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Melbourne, gave us the comfort of his presence and the benefit of his exhortations during many days of the past year. Many hearts were then softened, many consciences then touched, many sympathies then drawn out many aspirations after a I higher divine life then felt-a winning" grace thrown over the obligations of evangelical religion deeply, and, we trust, permanently, influenced many souls. "While, however, on the instant, we derived much benefit from the meekness of wisdom which characterized the demeanour and ministrations of both (those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement from beholding our order, and the progress made under adverse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace and the ministry of the Word. Would that tile zeal than evinced to hear that word from their lips could be taken as the measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcates! 'An open door was then, at least, set before us : " and if | we knew that our strength was little,' still, having kept. Christ's Word and not denied His Name, we felt encouraged to hold fast, that which we had that woman might take | our Crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical matters which won the approval of those prelates was the general constitution and working of our Synod. "True it was the offspring of a voluntary compact, liable to be spoken against, and infringed even by the very individuals who had helped to frame it consented to its provisions, acted again and again under them, solemnly pledged themselves to observe, and as far as in them lay to enforce as a contract knowingly and willingly entered into by themselves and others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power t>y legislative cnaetmentoverUs constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, notwithstanding snell opposition, it has, to a considerable extent, accomplished the purpose for which it was designed. "The clergy and laity of the several congregations of the diocese have been drawn to one common centre, and have received the benefit of mutual counsel and encouragement. It would be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with the Bishop and clergy in the administration of ecclesiastical business, should decline to take part in deliberations for the common good ; or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advantageous, or in negativing what might be mischievous or unsafe. . , . ,,, , .... " So satisfied was the Synod last year of the beneficial working of those Synodal provisions under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was prepared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her as Supreme Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of Star Colonies, will be laid before Synod, and demands earliest as well as the most careful consideration. "It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after so many years to discuss the best mode of giving legal effect to the rules of our Church affecting its ministers and members; but in the absence of imperial or local legislation, the usual inconveniences attendant on voluntary associations must needs be felt I believe rosy express the fervent aspiration of every intelligent member our Church, that the time may quickly arrive when the by-laws and rules of the Diocese being agreed on. the bishop and clergy may give themselves without such distrac- tion to the ministry of the Word and of prayer. \Y ould that the day were at hand when the churches had rest and were edified and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied.' I cannot. therefore, but regret that the spirit, of Harmony diffused by the presence ofourMelropol.tan, and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod for whose memorial to Her Majesty he took the caprice of one alone of the parties. At all events, I me to congratulate Synod that we have received the ex- posed sanction of Her Majesty to the Constitution of our Synod, its provisions and regulations conveyed to us in the despatch to be laid before you ? "In harmony with the desire for deeper spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops, a proposal for special services' and a week set apart for prayer was received by me and responded to by the parochial clergy. The I seasons observed in our Church commemorative of the great events of our Lord's life adapt themselves with peculiar propriety of such occasional religious exercises. The Epiphany, or Christ's manifestation to the Gentiles, was, therefore, happily selected for spell continued and simultaneous devotional services. " It was an inspiring thought how many thousands of Christian hearts were lifted up before the throne of grace, supplicating for a fuller effusion of the Holy Spirit upon His people. A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical a combination ; but while evangelical communion which so approximate as to unite in public prayer, in preaching the j AVord, and in breaking sacramental bread still deem it necessary to keep up their names of division and separate ecclesiastical organisations, it cannot reasonably he expected that our Reformed Church, with which ministers of those com- munions have expressed themselves unable to unite, in consequence of the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its officers, should nevertheless, on their invitation, by I uniting with them in all and every act of worship, virtually abandon its own principle?. "Another occasion, however, for special observance is presented to us in the melancholy visitation which, in the Providence of God, has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India. It is a sad fact that famine is desolating a wide-spread district, and affecting some millions of our fellow-subjects. The failure of our own harvests has recently "spread gloom and straightness among the tillers of our soil." The usual missionary sermons for the heathen were suspended in consequence. Should not the return of abundance call for thanksgiving offerings? and what more suitable object can be found than starving heathen fellow less and widows in mu«-"."«""». as -a.-.;- - ...- -- you will accede to my wish, and deem it practicable to preach on Whitsunday next, or Trinity Sunday, sermons on behalf of the miserable population of the north- west provinces of India, and make collections for their relief. "'It was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meet- ings for prayer during the Epiphany week that some of the lay brethren joined effectively in giving a word of' exhort- ] station and prayer. A sacerdotal system, more rigid than Judaism, may condemn such ministrations as intrusive: ; but certain it is that our Church has s.anctioned, in default of a separated ministry, lay preaching and lay readers, acting under licence from the Bishop, and conforming to certain regulations. It is difficult, indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropropriaiu gifts decently and in order to the use of edifying, is at varianes-'with the principles of our religion, and a Worship, not of forms and ordinances- not confined to time or place, but of spirit and of truth. "Indeed, the whole question of lay agency in divine worship forces itself at this time more particularly on the attention of our Church. In older Societies, where provision is made for rearing and maintaining a well- qualified clergy. such a question might be out of place. There a regular ministry can wait at the altar and in pastoral watchfulness Ko in and out day by day among the people. But in a young colony where only 12sec souls are spread over an area considerably larger tban'England.divided in religious sentiment as in blood or country of their birth, it is scarcely to be expected that a sufficient number of competent ministers can be maintained by the voluntary contributions of the people without ex- traneous aid. The Church necessarily becomes missionary. The parochial system is inapplicable to a great degree. »' But even in missionary districts of large extent, embrac- ing different townships and congregations, it has been found exceedingly difficult to raise even the minimum of stipend required for unmarried clergy- Meanwhile it is impossible for the clergyman personally to minister every Sabbath In several Churches many miles apart. The order of Sabbath worship is consequently interrupted ; the worshippers feel unsatisfied; they se? the Church which they have contributed to build close its doors upon them ; they feel a religious wantwhicliisnotmet. Here then at-once arises the need of lay assistance, for if one minister can scarcely be maintained, it is useless to think of a second. If, however, in the absence of the missionary some layman recommended by him, and duly licensed by the Bishop, con id conduct the service, reading the liturgy and such sermons as were first approved by the missionary, the congregation would be held together, the Sunday-school kept open, and the Sabbath Day sanctified to a holy rest. One thing how ever- is needful consistent Children gravity in the person who under the tin-, ollie J lie du "1 ling on the spot respected by his neighbour-, having probably a f mu!) orhou could to bring up in the nui ture of the Lord he will feel it a pi ii allege * o id In- man ter in c are) ing on the service of the sanctuary and influencing the ne gh hours to keep holy the Sabbath Day 1 urthe i re e 1 le acknowledge 11 awfulness of us t g separate the Morning, Prayer 1 litany and Comumnioii Oihc each complete in iMelt Enough cannot be in the usual Morning Some" of the lords Di) seems to provide for different congregation- a v i ltd service author leading to the minister nor untrue to tin, worshipper The Liturgy, indeed of our < Church will never want power to elevate as well as sober 'evening when read in the spirit of prayer and used in its miser to except in case of actual necessity Its force n deed consists in this that it is scriptural both in the letter and in the spirit as such it is an invaluable guide and standard of spirit truth and feeling more especially v.! on in the absence of an ordained minister) the worship is, conducted by a lt., reader I have thus staged what appeals to me in her present circumstances an available means whereby the ministrations of our Cln rch may in some way reach the se uttered members of our Church to multiply ministe s i street adequate means of support is only to closed t religious b) love em as the standard of the ministry for a pGorly pan animal) becomes in the long run a poorly qualified must) It is in vain to hope that atomised ministers will select to serve in this colony when I ere ing the border of A He told the) may ameliorate the r condition and iv of 1 what is most harassing to a sensitive and the constant under taint) of at best a scant) income I looking as 1 and needs do to the future supply of clergy 1 and-' this in ) be amended, if our clergy are to maintain t h ga pea tion in reference to the general body of Protestant ministers or to receive fresh as answers to its number from the Church and Universities at home . One other topic than. i during the past year has been the subject of much discuss on serums to be achieved it is that of Scripture in education in our nation absence A the authoritative to stand and of moral and spiritual truth no moral discipline can be properly carried on by my since teacher many single school without reference to the "common ments of God and the couple of the Great be ill T him eh How otherwise-." children are to be res nine 1 frill wickedness. blaspheme, in iii e street and all unchaste ableness the opponents of Bible reading in our schools h n e not condescended to point out Will children mind their master when he bids them not to he steak cut it hurt or corrupt each other if the master does not appear to mind God being forbidden lost lead or refer to God's word A generation so brought up your school without the light of God's truth may well become a generation of vipers He spent one of a national professing Christians deliberately eatables m s n milder system of national education is one which I trust we shall be spared in the-, hitherto evangelical concur my The times themselves indeed are made! at of strange audacity both of thought all action revealed religion has- in my opinion nothing to fear from the progressed careful research into the kingdom of nature of the historical records of man It has been said, truly I think, that no truth u v department of knowledge can ever be in south a tion to any) other truth and in the Ion"- i thin the I'd cussion is the real! enemy if error the most comm supporter of truth but thin their ml i out at least on which (I see Jews of that whofiUow be- a half buza'Is must be free from suspicion Hostile attack or an odious undermining he con i - don't ) d heroes when directed by a di in the rich ). It is cases of it h in mm it outrages all mine e lib eli when wit the ink or six scription article of "lehCscarceIv do) with us do thou vows still undulating on the el "mar waves of sound I each have their doubts of th inspired an think) of ca lonicil Scripture question both prophecy and muscle and receive at the same time what may be cut the wages of iniquity to teach that as God's truth wit i they themselves c3 have already in their own minds In j self l it notcomictelot til shood Iheljmgchionology of Egypt the priests has already been refuted by the Rev R records on moral ed stones it Harnack the letter and the doors e of the Christian Scriptures in heated b) newly discovered manuscripts of the remotest antiquity) The coincidence of the c for my treasure I beyond all question unless good because hidden for centuries in various quarters there is allies to sunrise the0enuinene s aulaithcuticitv of the same I writings nor have we reason to fear that the less c'" He AIn are writing in the i religious rifle-fire scientific aspect will be found cunningly devised tables The Sac amount of the No 5 Comman inn was then ad- ministered to the left ) and Sv 10 No in nearly 50 111 number by the Lord Bishop assisted by the Dean The Benediction was then pronounced and the 8) no I adjourned till 6 o'clock when the members reassembled it the Chu li of lee White s Rooms the Lord Bishop in the chair. The PRESIDENT opened the proceedings with prayer A letter was read from 1 the Synodsmen i of a city resigning their seats on the ground that they had not been elected by the holy the congregation. On the motion of Mr V Hr\uu seconded by the Rev. C non BussErn ° Committee was appointed to consider the subject of the letter than other do iMful ret uns and the following gn Picnics were elecd by ballot -they ( mon Hassel! and Ales 1- V FKth T AA House G W Hawkes and Oldham i to be isiDtsi then read the following report of the Diocese - Diocesan Si vrisTics-Ihese afford no great matter for remark 01 congratulation As might be expected the effect of a will of ministry is seen in the increasing u turns of severally make- work on the other hand two of the older City churches have suffered! loss- either by the migration of inhabitants or removal of pew holders to new 0 more area ent ch arch s An increased aggregate number both of communicants and school children is reported evangelical) to the opening of new missionary districts and churches A sunlit tiling off in marriages and baptisms in by perhaps be so here ith accounted for by the continued depression of trade and aged resulting to the close of 1880 Ciivscrs IN an Crcnrv-rwo of the clergy have q lifted the ho is time we last assembled and two have been added to the number of rating the incumbency of St Jude's Port Elliot tennis vacant no attempt on the part of the congregation to ship) an income having been reported Riverton has been filled up an 15th is 11 admins section of the sacraments secured which either from the willingness of the he office ding deacon or his 1 course tence to undergo the usual examination necessary for ad- my son total Presbytery) was improperly and reconvene evil) interrupted Considerations of health and the love of man I be termed ion for their finale I 1' to the departures for other in numbered s Glenelg St Bil through St Mary s sturt ml Ivnrmga-have under gone a change of ministers Robe Town 1 things and A 1 dahlia Missioner Dist c s have been occupies Numerous as have been thescehangts the) have on the who a tended to the efficiency of the limitations of our Church I cannot however view without some degree of pain and apprehension the fact of worthy men and pains to muster- brought out at consider able expense from Eng and feeling themselves connected or at any rate the mg it expedient to abandon i t its die c-" for A victoria Tasmania or Sydney or even to return to England When a lurch stripes Is are land or at rest U Vic start while the climate lismore favorable to physical energy) we must be prepared to expect such Memory is- but the character of the diocese meanwhile suffers like time 1111 and congregations are scattered and the difficulty of supplying c sees is continually recurring I am thankful that so man) and devoted men are so willing to put up with strange >. or in oiMciathci than to forsake their work But this is not a just or satisfactory state of things and it is for our Chris ian 1 duty to large as in I remedy the evil which may be met by a unit BLACK d contribution to md dists lution of Church funds according as every man has need Long experience shows that no 1 carried clergy) man who is doing pastoral do') as he ought can possibly be made time I even in h small but de en to nattai upon an race one of less than 200 per again in his Itlitt not a pu rain e an I I case when he is obliged to keep a horse This he mean e to be a mi I'm rain many half mens I regret to say it has proved more than the maximum 1 Moreover it in a state of things which is said not to exist 111 other 1 Protestant communions II so it is much to be regretted that it should he 1 constantly recurring to appoint 111 our now 11 A system of PI do so len and official stipend has been devised andeir led on by the attorneys of the Society for the Propaga t oil of the Gospel who eli is slow) and 10 some extent remedying the evil li it at- all considering the above and as well as that de over for 11 the Allen bequest 01 other funds supplies! from England I am compelled to own that the working" of the voluntary principle his not yet bee 1 satisfactory) 111 its read the spirit of Christian giving 13 not as diffused among us or as powerfully sought to be Not lo I have it ever will be until the" great rule of St Paul is "done I and acted upon li) even cong eg ation na nely Linton every Lord s Day the wor nippers 111 our Churches should be invited to contest are as God has p o-pcredthem for the purposes contemplated by the letter namely the support of the ministry and the relief of the poor In some cases an annual sum from the O victory has been set apart for endowment in excellent pin mm) judgment which might IIPCIIUP still more quicM) o, e and in the "ucientcustom of Easter offerings for the benefit of the country ere gener 4th revived I earnestly desire that the Synod will take these matter under consideration and that the e T, rec imme id ations nth leg H to the effect ry may go forth with the united approval of this repre- ntativass-mblv of the Church At NOT vx 01 Si NOD roll or Quo IN - It is with much satisfaction t "t I am enabled to place before 0 1 the reply of the Secretary of State for the colonies to our petition which has Make it) was p eased to receive very graciously) I he 8) nor will I think after careful per uses of a 13 dispatch fully recognise e the spirit of war-torn an 1 kindness in which it was dictated as well as the accuracy of view con cerning the position of the dio etc and the elation of the Imperial ml Joe 1 Governments to it and a cell other which it is in lots Of the two points to which our petition record one the appellate jurisdiction of the Metropolitan 13 rcfeTc 1 back for the initiation of a -reef near) proposal to Dr" V istrallin Bishops lies in- siwilaiiliall'i average tion of the nee of 1 Provincial Synod is well as tantamount to an Life 21 d permission for those Bishop- so to meet step well 111 lease under the wise guidance of the late BY shop of s dney the prelate then assembled t ion it it exp" beat not to take the other poll more immediately important to our sel C 1- the constitu- son of the --synod V franc' an \ full recognition through His Once of the legality and proper" ) of our consensus compact and of the fundamental prove tons of the diocese together with such other pm 1 ions and regulations is an 'awful) V made in interest it has been made by the expressed willingness of the Crown to embody them in new letters patent IF further was no objection to the insertion in them of the clause declaring Her if not) a pleasure that all power and Hand Inn conferred) three litters puts it on he 15 ship should be ex cited 111 "order and) with them Grant) urges this is seen entering by the give t author') the course of proceeding which in this date a via. for le ii seasons has been adopted 1 -till there are into 1 LU on which we cannot disgu -e f on ourselves resulting 'soil the uncertain action of court- of for all parties as to the obligations results g iron that compact It u paint it in the in st pi c for 1 Church through its of Teams to have to go to an early harvest- beat dearly members i Ins is adverse to the spirit, wine I ought to reign among Christian men. It is, nevertheless a union in the State whichever) church section denomination whose ci be its principle in it recognise whenever the smallest fraction of property is placed in trust for its benefit By no po ability in this ill Vim tillie pon PI that it cease to be not all of except by) an ribs white and complete dependence of 1 Church on casual almsgiving Even he e too a man 1111 dit be a tin of, md wrong the other members of the body His Grace therefore 14th very cogent rescuing s agree to the expediency of meier curse hard) to sell from HIP Leg slatere of the colony in VeD either sever ii or special e pi is incorporation So that the Churches 1 Cats etc is urged) orate exten e might like the Universities of Oxford Cambridge Dubh 1 and Loudon or our own ( olle grate School hold property n I in the b) I was binding on the count y member of such Society and that only so long as they cost 11 to members of it This will give Irish pe-iiianencyant validate the system which we have deliber tel) adopted and which from across ng conviction of its ugliness instead) exton line; to the rur 1 districts aid which has now been sanctioned by Her Mail I) With great truth His Grace argues that the I creature of colony attack insists that the supply to' the man she shall thrown on the members, of the Church itself is a CI ship bound t . assist by legislative enactment the less crop ment of this pi people enabling any and every denomination legally to manage its funds and enforce its own r lies (in < do it! for it is at l revenue i tar line are p I'tonalli 1 iii it one as' no 1 be paid except that which is inherent as the all but to action of our of 11 funds an 1 of r o v religious rites We are quite willing to share with other religious communities the advantages deny that from horror lion From connection with the State so far as Courts of T aware coner d none can be exempted diminish litigation b) de HIP; thelma" powers cap 1 th arch is a simple ac of iv ch nan 'di just to seeing that such powers are granted to in England Chai cable Companies It is moreover in accordance with the spirit of 61 institution - by developing more fully the voluntary) principle of seen in support Hung will thus much I invite their early) and serious that action to this most important and v James dispatch AIisSiox VERY. DISTRICT -I turn heavy with once more pleasure to the progress of Missionary labour and the men ing UD Of new spheres of a ministerial usefulness during the past year in this work. I have b" 11 asks to 1 by the counsel of clergy and six seedsmen associates will me If said an) official coadjutor- the Archdeacon and it is Deans isa consultation Committe for Action is operations with the view of enabling the Bishop butter to a vile farthest to 1 care of the members of of 11 Church not include 1 111 the lUioclual di friets "Bc'suies Robe Town, where the Rev R Reid is exercising his ministry with deserved and increasing influence both in the tOiMi itself and all went stations -the district extending from Yankalilla to Cape Jervis has been placed under the Rev. A Cooper Assisted by four lay readers, who have' given themselves heartily to the work, he is enabled remain tam Divine service at five places, and has recently laid the foundation of a stand church in the district " The Lilunga Assays, comnnsingiliP townshipandncigh baihoolsof Mount Pleasant and Alo int Torrens, was confined to thereof the Rev C J Martin, but my hope of his permanent settlement in that cure has- been appointed, since he has ex pressed his intention to resign it at the close of six in the i in his appointment " The opportune return of the Rev John Fulford enabled me to fill up an important appointment rccoiuiiiPiiiled by the Mission Committee, for which, on that recommendations, the attorneys, of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel bid provided a sufficient stipend It was intended that he should pay a visit to Kangaroo Island, and arrangements were initiated for his going thither, but the area in failing to make cheap this object was not accomplished Meanwhile ample emu To) ment was found for his sen i es in the district extending from Echunga to Port Elliot Accordingly appointed him to hold services as recommended by the religions Committee, at Macclesfield and Strathalbyn, the Goolwa, Milang, Port Elliot, Bull's Creek, the Bi enter, and Wellington On his accepting the mc mi Bruce) of Kooringa, so valuable were considered the results of the Missionary Chaplain appointment that the attorneys of the Society for the Prop i; it 1011 of the Gospel did not hesitate to continue fixe stipend for two years next ensuing and I was 1 on-tqiientlj enabled to write to the Board a home to -"'find out a duly qualified and suitable clergyman for Bus important duty It is quite certain, that upon the party and diligence the discretionary dci.icviorof the missionary, will depend the prospect of opening self- supporting missions and eventual incumbencies ( appendices' V and It 9 The discovery of valuable nurses m Yorke's Peninsula Ina drawn together at AWllaioo a population already estimated at from leads to 1,500, consisting principally of miners from Cornwall Their spiritual wants are provided for by the Primitive Methodists and the Wesleyan connection I have not however, been unmindful of the possible wants of the members of our Church, and have accordingly licensed as lay reader JB Herschel Babbage, to hold the v hw oh of England service as occasion offer- A supply of Pray et books has also been forwarded for sale or distribution and Mr Charles Babbage on his own application, has been supplied with Clare li of England tracts for distribution "Steps have been taken by the Rev. J Sheldon towards the erection of a church at Mount Gambier, in furtherance of which, I have received offers of assistance from two of the principal settlers in the immediate neighbourhood. In my recent visitation of that district I found a rapid change taking place, from a purely pastoral to a busy agricultural condition The opening of Port AIacI>oiin«U has given a great impulse to farming pursuits, and the very extensive run of Mount Schanck, about to be sold, will largely and to the population Under these circumstances, it appears desirable to make Gambierton the station of a resident minister of our Church. there are ample means, could they I be drawn for li by a re dont minister t > ren 1er flus i pelf suppouingincumbciie line however is a work of time an Iori, i nat L. during which period the mission try must b must meet partially at least from extraneous 1 mc s I found the district at present occupied by Mr Sheldon far too extensive to be efficiently served. By reducing the number of stations for holding service more frequent visitsw have been ensured, and more time allowed for the demand of pulpit ministrations. Mt Gambier has now monthly service, and Penola on alternate Sundays. The former place, however, is making ripid strides in wealth, population, and importance, owing to the fertility of the soil in its imme- diate vicinity. I also remarked a great change going on in theoccupancy of stations; the properties either changing hands or being left to the hands of subordinate managers. The evils of absenteee proprietary are already beginning to be felt. This circumstance alone will probably necessitate a < rearrangement of this missionary district at the close of the present guarantee to Mr Sheldon. A. recent missionary) visit to America by he Rev S Jackson, in pursuance of an arrangement with Mr Grant of Coonatto has proved very acceptable to the inhabitants of the township and the numerous persons employed on the station lheexpenseof this (limited missionary service is entirely de- I ra) ed by Mr Grant and it will effectually further his in ended planting of a resident of gymnast Melrose fo-which he prop uses to devote no less a sum than l in ("Appendix t ) the notes of the missionary tour as well as Air 1 tilford s to the so ith are appended to this report together with a brief summary of the operations carried on by the advice of the Missions Committee (Appendix I) ) But to what good purpose will it b to have opened fresh districts a id built a few rural churches it is can in it in IPI z y tipt worthy clergymen who labor in the word and divine are compelled one by one to quit the diocese'' A race.) for tin it is important speedily to devise Cripples is we are for want of funds far niorccnppled are thcellccliveopeiations of our Church from paucity of men who neither shrink from the liberator dislike the aggressive character of missionary service It requires indeed a rare combination of physical mental and spiritual qu shares to constitute the effective missionary) clergyman and all our mr ii mc massacres are more or less missionary J "t o- play then the Lord of the Harvest that he will come up and send into His vineyard 1 laborers in all respects fitted to do the work of the harvest is itiiout-uch agency vital religion must languishing He alone who 1 non s the heart cm thrust forth by the longings of a i carne 11 nth those ministers who shall turn on me) to righteousness Plant out water us I will He alone who gave the seed can also make it spring up and grow up and bring forth I nut abundant 1) APPENDIX A ' Glecv die December 28 1869 'Dear s r I write to you as the Secretary of the Mission Committee, to furnish) on with the appointments in ide in the eastern district, which I have lately visited and reported thcicontoHis Lordship "",,,,, ' It seems that the residents of Macclesfield and Strathalbyn have the promise of a service Bom the deputation who visited them once a month on their defray no; tin travelling' expenses of the clergyman sunday January i 13 the da) n lined for the next service Morning. 11 o'clock it Macclesfield, afternoon at 4 o clock at Strath iib) 11 Pub'i baptisms alter the service elevator) eil lections were made - Macclesfield, 17 is -d , Stritlnlo)ii 1' as all these were left in the hands of the Committee On on Russell had charge of ii collected it j the latter dance when he attended and 111 1 evening to this date 1 1 u 1 augment the local Committees wish to be in for me when the t iv elling expenses the past is in the case of the deputation and the Missionary Chaplain by other mean- whether they are expected to pay the guinea towards the end d missionary fun t for such serv ice I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 22nd, containing the resolutions With thanks I remain, Dear Sir, Faithfully yours, J NO 1 urroiiD ' P Cobbett, Esse Secretary Mission Committee APPENDIX B "Gleeville Glen Osmond, Dec. 20, 1860. My dear Lord Agreeably with the instructions received from the Mission Committee, I proceeded on the 6th instant to visit the District of Strathalbyn. a.?. e, and that I may convey to your Lordship in a concise form the result of my journey, I beg to annex a few particulars from my diary : - December c-Beached Battunga by public conveyance in the evening, " December 1. To Macclesfield. Found the appointments for Sunday, at, the reverse of my instructions. Wrote to Strathalbyn for information, being desirous that no change should be made. visited several of the congregation residing in the township. " December 8. To Macclesfield to receive reply, and make arrangements for meeting of Committee. " December 9 (Sunday).-Macclesfield. Divine service morning at 11; about 40 persons present. very wet. Offertory, l. 2s. 6d.; one baptism. Afternoon-Strathalbyn. Service at half-past of in Oddfellows' Lodge- room ; about 50 attended. Offericry 7. 9s. 9d. Very wet and dark. December re-visited several of the Committee and residents. Attended the evening meeting at 7 to receive the I Committee's report of the canvass of the district. Afterwards it was presented to a public meeting, at present, and requested to be forwarded to the Bishop. I " December I !. - Beturne l to Maeck'Siic-M by appointment. ! Public baptism solemnised at o'clock ; four children were baptised. Meeting of the Church Committee at a. report adopted. It differs Bom Strathalbyn, inasmuch as there is no guarantee. I placed the subject before them both, but the members of this Committee having every confidence in the undertaking would not make themselves personally respon - sible. " December 13. Reached Port Elliot in the evening, having written to Mr. Higgins, of Currency Creek, on the staff, to make arrangements for services, and also at Goolwa. December 14 and in visited several of the residents Wrote Mr. Jones regarding the service at Goolwa. December to (Sunday). Morning service at li, Port Elliot; about fit) or TO. Notre given that, in the absence of any information from the Goolwa, evening service would he held here. There were present about 40. Afternoon - Baptisms at Port Elliot. 3 ; also two searchings. (The window over the communion is broken from the strong S. winds, and the damage is likely to increase. There are no funds.) " December 17. Returned to Macclesfield, and found both reports ready, which I have now the pleasure of handing to your Lordship. " December 19. By Strathalbyn bus I returned to town, visiting on my way Relat aga school. an present ; also inspecting the church. (Windows broken by gales, but there is a small fund for their repair ) Mr. Sawer, tile school- master, continues to read the evening prayers on the Sunday afternoon. I am, my dear Lord, " Your faithful servant,. JOHN Koroit)." To the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, &c.;" ATTENDS C " Notes of Tour to Melrose, Coonatto, is " An ii ed at Melrose Saturday evening, April 6, 1861, after two di) s journey Bom Adelaide was met by Mr. Smith, theMigistr-te, who had kindly) made all arrangements for the services in the Court-House the next day The picturesque township and its neighborhood furnished me with two good congregations morning an afternoon Monday baptised two children, and Air S drove me to pay some v sits in the reign of soon "to say DIOVP over after li eakfast to Coonatto, J) miles -Acts i mt S. Stokes- head station Held evening STVice, it which were 14 adult- besides children. Wednesday B fined a man who had been brought in from Vatwarungla He was being taken down to the Mount, but died on the way, about even miles from this, and was brought in for interment- a truly distressing case Service at Alan v u rec in the evening, is dealt-, three children bap ll7C'd Thursday To Bendleby, 25 miles Evening service, 14 adults , three children baptised " friday Rode over in the morning to a but six: miles to the eastward, baptised two children Back in the afternoon to A auyarree " saturday Be le in the morning to a but nine miles distant , baptist d two children Back to Yan) agree, in 1 in the ev clung to Coonatto "Sunday Morning service, afternoon service . baptised a child "Mond iv returned to Melrose, and Tuesday started riding to town, the mail having come in from the North full UKI o in service on Sundays at Melrose in connection v with the Congo eg ition shots and atCojnatoo the manager of overseer reads service morning and afternoon But the former scr v ce cannot be expected to give entire s attraction to the in millers of the Church and on the sheep runs there is c many persons in mg entirely without the means of grace for the opportunities of public worship The children on the runs are Uso growing up almost without education in his 13 a state of spiritual destitution which makes it very desirable that a clergy) man of active habits should be settled at Melrose is soon as possible He might be alternate Sundays at home and of the runs Ali Grant has made an import that provision for a clergyman s comfort, by securing an sa- ide section near the township for the parsonage It would afford ample pasture for horses and cows The whole state of the >t 01 th urgently calls for the attention of the Church "J STUART JACKSON ' AppeNDix 6 Report of Missions Committee acting under the Lord Bishop " The Committee beg to report that, with a view to carry out the resolutions relating to the extension of diocesan missionary) operators, p used in the last SESSION of Synod, they promptly communicated with the member- of the Church in rev oral of the districts of the colony, offering to provide personally visits of clergymen on condition that the ezpen-ethus incurred be issued) Itiraycd by lot ii con tributions Owing however to difficulties-, arising partly from the paucity 01 c'a sr) compared with the existing cures end set VICES to be provided for, and in part also to the scattered nature of the population, precluding very speedy action as regards satisfactory preliminary arrangements, the actual iiusgioimiy operations of the Committee have been somewhat limited "There are, nevertheless, ample grounds of encourage- are it to persevere,. in a work which contemplates the occasional supply at least of the Church s ministrations to those who under whatever died intakes remain faithful in their adherence to her communion ' the difficulty) arising out of the full occupation of the existing body of clergy suggested to the Committee the ad visableness of the Bishop being Kirov ide d with a missionary chaplain WHO might either himself visit the outlying his facts 01 act as a supply for any clergyman whom His Lordship light request to do so Presuming that such an object can legitimately within the -scope of the Leigh Fund, application was made to the attorney of the society for the Propagation of the Gospel, who cordially) sympathises in the object immediately voted the sum of 300 as stipend for once In consequence of this ready response, the Its v John Fulford, who had just opportunely returned to this colony was- requester 1 by His I Lordship to accept the appoint- ment temporarily) t loast-of missioner) can in it the duties of which office he continued efficiently to perform till the be ginning of April, when he entered upon residence at st Marys Ivoonngi the incumbency of which he had felt it his duty to-Mcept ' shot as was the period of Ali Iulloids labors fine results have been so elias to satisfy the Committee of tin v able to the Church of such missionary) labor And on their represent ng thin views to the aforementioned attorneys these gentlemen at once resolved to continue the grant for three years in consequence of which the Bishop has been on ib'cJ to write to England I tor a missionary chaplain HAving the year monthly missionary visits have been made to AIacelc3lic'd and Strathalbyn services held and the sacraments administered in Committee have much -atis f ictioiiinceing able to state that the members of the Church in the district which include these townships have agreed to raise the sum i of 2in per a mum on condition of then having a resident minister Alissioany units have also seen occasionally made to and set v u PS held at Wellington the Bremer, Aid ing, escorts, Poitlllot Bills! neck, and I change eVt ARRas Mount Remarkable Alexander Grant Esq, of retinue, has made three gil the horseshoe, a liberal first to put irish a mission this the attorneys or the Soc etc and the Propagation of the gospel have agreed that 1 In furtherance of this object the Rev. J Stuart Jackson has recently paid a missionary visit to those places holding divine -crane on -succeeding Sundays and young as well as baptising on the son Uto Run On the matter of Al A IB AT, second had by Air N OLD lived, it was resolved that the thanks of the Synod be presentcd to his lordship the Bishop, and thitliispastor.il Veldt can be printed The SFOW-TVUV read the following annual report of the Standing <_ committee for the year 1861 - In accordance with the usual custom your Stan larg Committee proceed to lay before Synod at its seventh annual session in report of their labors for the past year Several matters were received by Synod of r consideration of completion, which your Committee will first allude to V 17 - st tHat All 1 can be requested to consult with His Honor Sir Charles Cooper on the subject of bringing the sjiioduadei the Associations Incorporation Act of Isis, and to report to the Synod or Standing Committee In a communication, received from Mr. I can, dated 15th April, last, he reports as follows on the conference which he has had with Sir Charles Cooper, but a behind difficulty in invest in any proceeding under this Bill his since been pointed out there being no trustees of the Institution to apply for incorporation - I have had several interviews with Pie Chief Justice on the subject but they have led to no rest wits I think the W No 21 of 1858 sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the Synod but as the Chief Justice has expressed his doubts on the subject I have great diffidence in offering an opinion \- That i*isd°=n ible that a short statement or report of the proceedings of Synod, and of the progress of the fluid hotel England in 'so the Australia shoal 1 by pi spared by the Standing Committee rental of oftener and printed and distributed among the seatholders and attend mass at tin v mo is places of wo ship in connection with the Church of no au I ran outside the colm Now Standing committee having considered the most effectual manner of carrying out this recommendation of Synod subsidized the (li sch from It for three months b) which means the proceedings of the Standing Committee were published and besides a 0 copies of printed slips containing such accounts were s applied monthly and distributed among the various con i eg ations Your Committee however did not feel them selves warranted in continuing the payment of the silver ly and it was therefore not continued 3 That the St ending Committee he directe 1 to take steps to obtain from the I trustees of the Churches not having adopted the model trust deeds or provisions substantially II conformity therewith to agree to the declaration of trusts pie pa "-ed by Mr Fenn and agreed to by the Synod Your Committee considering that the su ject should be deferred until the question concerning the incorporation of Synod be decided have postponed it for future deliberation 4 That the standing Committee be directed to draw up a list of Churches at present entitled to send representatives to Synod Your Committee beg to submit the following schedule (Sebe i ire A appended ) r line it is necessary for the due information of the Bishop in I synod that in cases where the deeds of churches are not in the custody of the Bishop s Registrar certified 1 copies of such deeds shall be obtained when and if possible by the Standing Committee at the expense of Synod and placed with the deeds in the Bishop s Be istr) in a place of sec int) to be recommended by the Standing Committee A our ! committee having assert imp 1 that this rule has been acted upon in t in cases of all new churches and finding that di I culties would come from the expense which is the course of procedure would in olve beg to refer the whole matter to the consideration of synod C Law ! costs Platts v Stocks -A out ( committee report that the costs entailed upon All Stocks I this action at I in have been defrayed by the Lord Bishop out of Inns not under the control of synod and by private subscrip endowments ^ our Committee have been enabled to of His their engagement by paying tool to the en Townsend of St Bartholomew s 'Norwood which enables that C sure to receive the full benefit of endowment to w nell it is entitled viz 40 per annum Your Committee have likewise received To/ from St George s Gawler and a similar amount from St Matthew s Kensington for the respective endow me it off rose Churches 1 mac Minis have I seen paid over to the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel to be augmented by a like amount Bom funds under their control and to be invested by them on behalf of those parishes Your Committee therefore recommend that the Iieasurerot Synod l be instructed to pay to the attorneys of the society for the Propagation of the Gospel the amounts respected) which your Committee have voted to those near PS upon the receipt of the I 3rd Bishop of Asaph -annual' contribution to the 1 endowment h und Kapunda - Un- district having receive i and from sy and sine the year 1956 as a missionary district and your Committee taking into const mention the growing importance of the neighborhood 1 I are thought it desirable to place it on the list of incumbencies which entitles it under cert in conditions to representation in Synod lins your Committee understand the congregation wish to claim V memorial [Schedule By his consequently been prepared to that effect which your Committee have much pleasure in recommending Opening of New Alison The most pleasing part of your Committee s labor is has been that in connection with the opening of new missions During the past year easy loans have been settled in the fellow mg missionary) stations viz -Aaukablla and Mount Pleasant and torrens and a Robe Town I In res dents of the neighborhood of A banks Lilla Normanville Hay Flat and Rapid Bay havegtmai seedsman of OVAL per annum and your Committee have resolved to supplement the income of the mis marry by a vote not exceeding a' 1 in the year lRGi An income of mine has likewise been guaranteed to the Missionary of Mounts torrens and Pleasant which your Committee have to be taken to supplement by a vote of 120 far the year ISC! The inhabitants of Robe Town have guaranteed an income to the Rev. Richardson Reid of 20? per annum an 1 If/per ann in for praise for year terminating on the 1st August is I Another great stimulus to the mi sonar) worked the diocese has been the appointment of a Missionary Chaplain through the aid of the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel who have undertaker the payment of a stipend 1 of am 7 per annum (forage inclusive) for- a period of three years As however the subject of missionary operations will be fully reported by the lord Bishop your Committee need not enter into further r particulars 11 Appropriation of income arising from the Allen fund -A. our committee have felt considerable difficulty in ado) ting an equitable scheme for the administration of this fund I he co I- of regulations prepare 1 by the Standing Committee for the year on Ung Fine issue have been re- nell asked) them for the year ending i them is a 'Sever there's your Committee feel that it is very imperfect Your Committee therefore desire to I draw the attention of Synod temper ject and trust it may obtain a full consideration with a view to a sitisfac'oryadjusiinent li Ti and -the 1 treasurers of Synod will lay before >outlnirbalmce sheet for the year ending 31st December line which upon examination of its aggregate receipts will bLiruot n miles orable comparison with balance sheets of former year - Upon review of the past year your Committee hope] that one j, of progress has been made though that progress depending entirely upon volume efforts and at the present earl) and fluctuating state of the colony must of necessity be laid and oftentimes i pp tied V Ai>Er UDF < has man Adelaide April in 1861 SCIIFDIIE A East of Churches at present entitled to send Representatives to Synod - I Trinity Church Adelaide at Christchurch North Adelaide v St Paul s Adelaide at St I Luke s A 'elaide r> St John's, Adelaide f St Paul s Port Adelaide " St. George's Gawler 3 St Matthew s II essington a St Aticha I - Mitcham 10 St Andrew - AVilKeiville II st George s Mgr case t. VII Saint- Hindmar h 1 St Saviours Glen Osmond 1" St Mary s Stint 1 Christchurch O'Halloran Hill lb st Peter's Glenelg 1" St I ide s Brighton is at Pluho and St Times - Noarlunga 19 St stephen s A\ Allunga a St James's Blakeston '1 st Marks Penwortham 22 st Mary's Kooringa 2 St Thomas's Port Lincoln 21 St Mark s Woodside 25 "-St Thomas s, Balhannah ' 2 St. Mary's l change 2- St Bimib 13 s Clare Se^iiEner.E B " Kapunda. April 23 1861. to the Right Reverend the Bishop, the Clergy, and the fact) of Adelaide in Sj no I assembled " The petition of the undersigned members of the Church of England and Ireland, "Sheweth - " I had a Church has been erected at Kapunda called Christ Church " That 1 Deed of Trust of the said Church has been prepared and executed, whereof the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, Messrs. White, Cossins-, and Dr Bland, are Trustees and that the said Church has been consecrated to the worship of Almighty God, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, and is under and subject to the provisions and regulations passed by Synod ' That the estimated income of the minister of the said Church will be as follows - seat Rents . . -eno I Endowment. .. to this end fund. 20 £200 I hit your petitioners now request to be recognised as a parish. and to be represented in Synod " And your petitioners will ever pray, c " JOHN STEWART Bnowvr, < a,,.."",.. "",i".,» i w" "hen,,.,. a Churchwardens 1 SAVILLE v BAUM A 'Times Hung as 'John Miller 'James Hardie James Strikes Thos It Jones Geoff Allen ' Hugh A Egerton 'Wm Jeffs Charles Cossins Abm (' Hammence J AAr. Richards Bhjah IlTt Charles Hardy Thomas Roach John Roach William Linfoot William Nicholson John Marsh John Brooksbank Abraham White " Copies of the balance-sheet for the year 1860 were distributed amongst the members We append the totals, which include the balances from last year RECEIPTS General Church Fund ... £278 to Society for Propagation of Gospel Fund . ... 802 10 6 Allen Fund ... 273 13 of St Asaph Endowment fund .... 20010 n Clergy) Visiting Fund. TO 0 0 Poonindie Mission Fund . 100 Salisbury and Dry Creek Mission. 10 0 0 Robe Town Mission 121 0 0 "Norwood and Hindmarsh . 200 0 B Crosse and Gumeracha Mission 125 100 Penola Mission .... .... 225 0 0 BxpFxmTiu» Gemr ii Church Fund .. Society for Propagation of Gospel Fund Allen fund at Asaph Endowment Fund Salsbury and Golden Grove Mission Robe Town Mission . . Nor wood and Hindmarsh . Barossa 114 v Gumeracha Mission Penola Mission i .. B dance on Fund General church Fund. -563 8 Society for Propagation of Gospel Fund . 21s 17 Allen fund . . . or. 11 St Asaph Endowment Fund. are 10 Clergy A lating Fund 15 0 Poonindie Albion Fund ... to Silsbury " " .. za 0 Robe Town " " ... son Barossa " " . so 0 JCO3«» a £1,8 3.10 200 0 0 . 581 IS q 18 >. t G. 101 0 0 42 0 0 41 0 0 21 7 c as in 0 .. 22s 0 0 Less amount paid Nor wood and Hindmarsh over receipts ... 1 ozs £Z,\1G i in I he SECRET city read a return of the attendance of the members of the Standing Committee during the past year The next business was the election of the Standing Committee, two Treasurers, and two Auditors for the ensuing year The following was the result of the ballot Clergy Very Rev Dean Farrell, Allen An deacon Woodcock, Revs ( am n Best II, Canon Marryat, D J ii Itbefson. R W Needham., Canon Farr, Syiiodsoien Messrs N Oldham, H Gilbert, E.. W Wickes, li Gawler, L G Pelham, X liljth.W J Fullarton,!) K Richardson, A Smith, L W Thrupp, F Wicksteed, Pitt Cobbett, G W Hawkes, and Sir Charles Cooper 1 treasurers Messrs Oldham and Gawler Auditors Messrs L Thrupp and Wicksteed. It was resolved that the Standing Orders followed last session be a adopted this session His I'm sun so read the draft of a new Standing Order, was it, he said, he would bring forward subsequently as a motion for preventing the introduction or discussion of motions on subjects not connected with the proper business of the Synod , Canon AIvrtrtYviT then moved, and ! anon ( covers I seconded " That the Synod during the session meet on I used iv, Wednesday, 1 Thursday, and Friday, at 11 o'clock A long 1I13CU--10U ensued 011 this motion, and various amen talents to it, and at length it was resolved that the Synod on its rising a Ijourn till the following day at 11 o'clock, and that afterwards, o'clock be the hour of uniting The days of meeting were agreed to without dis- cussion Hu Rev. Canon AT mine) at and Air N Oldham were appointed hon. secretaries to act with the Society dry during the session a. O I'll ES 01 MOTION The following notices of motion were then given, after which the SS and was adjourned - 1 By the Bishop-"! give notice that at a o'clock to-morrow I will call the attention of the Synod, in a Committee of the whole House, to the despatch of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, communicated through the Kxoal lency the Governor in Chief and to ask the advice of the Svmd thereon 2 By the Bishop- A fine of a notice of motion is given which in the opinion of any member of Synod 13 repugnant to the preamble of the declaration on which the case ual company of the Synod is founded it shall it and when brought under the notice of Sv not, be taken to be a question of of her and on the motion of by me 1 best be dealt with accordingly) that is to say) ah otherwise ission shall be suspended until such motion shall have been disposed of 2 By Mr Thrupp- that the steps taken by the Standing Committee, in pursuance of the re "I idea of Symons v rested on till Al j 14 1 directing the Com 11 tree to set an extra rib in a short statement or report of the pioeeeling-ot Synod and nio<*rc33 of the 61 or is of Engl n 1 in South Aus train areas and co-, and not calculated to obt 111 the of J ject of that resolution 1 By AB- Thrupp- r at the St waiting Committee in considering questions an 1 c The training matters not assigned to it by thousand ) as acted contrary to the 9th I underneath provision This synod will therefore lotreeogniseanjthing so irregular) done 01 11 v resolution is irregularly passed by the standing Committee 5 By Air inrupp-lhat he will ask the I arts Bishop what s CCPSS the Church 1 endowment So it, has had and what became Fred to be the Warrego pects t 1.) Air in 11 I 111 that no member of St 1101 whether dead or la -h will live the p Wei to enter or reid an) p note-' in each mc nor has- the power of recording his O') mons by his vol" " B) AI- 'S -william That a ber of the classification of clerical incomes in accordance with which the stipends of the clergy have been hitherto s supplemented all churches in course n in with 1 Synod shall from this time be plac d 111 one class with 1 This firm minimum more of a ch of 2 Qt With a passing that the condition requiring a si 1 per el fund or specie payment Both the congregation of equal authority with the sum vote thy SVHO I be still greater ill) enforce! that if, however the income of "ii) shared shall for two years last past have of ation b low.) 7 or 9 with a parsonage it's ball beat the (inaction of the stench is Commute on day comes Iel ation or disability of the con greater and the " Uses of the lioiifiilme it of no one g agreement to support their minister to waive the require agent of a stipend fund \- By Mr J S Jackson- that the Tel of Bishop heros pc Bull lPTuestel (recommend to the Russian considers tion and li legality of members of the Church throughout the driest the rise of those who e screening gravel) from famine in India 1 a B) Air T A I care I in I he will me out treacle t period and that portion of the" Big Top s address relatives he weekly ollcrtJiy be taken units to use for him to By All Russell -v that from this to-day the notices of motion be advice Used in their iB p sets is w 13 the case last year 