FINANCIAL DECEPTIONS-POPULARLY KNOWN AS "CAMPBELL'S DELUSIONS." I TO THE EDITOR 07 THE ESUIRE, SIB,-On looking over tbe Herald of to.d»y, I was greatly amused to find another of Mr. Alexander Campbell's productions, headed Financial D> oeptions." .. Tbe Treasury Balanoes" are now discarded, to make way for the " Financial Deceptions.1* I was beginning to fl atti r myself that I bad succeeded in laying the Financial Ghost which, for some time psst, bas been haunting bim ; but to my grert surpiise, and I dsre say to the surprise of every one but tbs editor of your contemporary, who, on several occasions, has also been disturbed by the ghost, this Aus- tralian Don Quixote, or Knight of the Bueful-oounte. nanee, oomea forth. again, mounted on his old steed Itoztaante, as determined as ever to defend, even to tbe death of one hundred guineas, his Duloinoa, the publio, against those giants, the *' Finanoial Deceptions." AB he still harps away about deficiencies, which I have already proved never existed, it is, perhaps, better to allow bim, as S inoho Panza did Don Quixote, to attack these giants of his own imagination, and stand quietly by until be finds out that he has only been running his lance into windmills ; and, as Sanobo ssid to the Don after tho enoounter, so may we say to Mr. Campbell, " Nobody could misti k 3 them for anything else bot one who bas windmills in bis own head." I believo now, that it would be as imposa bio to oonviuce bim that his views vere absurd, as it wan to convince the veritable Don Q <ixoto that ibo barbel's basin whiob bo wore, and believed to be a helmet, was only a basin. Ho bas car- ried these frequent attaoks on tho Treasurer so far as to make it pattnt to everybody that he is actuated by other motives than tho publio gocd, in short, by some personal dislike. In tho concluding paragraphs of his letter li: oertainly is trying to ouiry favour with Mr. Cowper, for what le says, might, without muon straining, ba con- strued icto the following:'-"If you don't dismiss Mr. Weekes and send for me, you may depend upon it that your Minietiy will go to tho dogs. I am tbe man, and lite only man, who can preserve i , and pu: the finances of thu colour into a satisfactory condition. Being tho- roughly acquainted with book-keeping by the most ap- proved ST stem of double entry, you may rest assured that I w.ll bring before the country correat financial statements." Now, as Mr. Campbell is a Scotohmnn, and partial to Sootob oookeiy, I have no doubt but the first financial dish be would lay on the table of the Asi-embly for honorable members to feed on would be hotchpotch, or, probably, » haggis. Tho long and short of the matter is simply this : be is making a miserable ex- hibition of himself before tbe publie, wbiob I am sure bis friends and well- wishers roust be grieved to see. Tba idea of our Finance Minister entering tho ring with bim for one tundred guineas a side is certainly a new feature in political warfare, for wbioh Mr. Campbell should get duo credit. In previous letters Mr. Campbell assured the publio that the deficiency was upwardB of three-quarters of a million ; he has, however, consented to reducehis account. one third, as £280,000 is nothing between bim and the Treasurer. Hd now speaks of the correat figures of Mr. Wells, ihe Treasury accountant, while before, it was the inaccuracy of everything. A charge for the bettor is surely taking place, and it is no be hoped tbtt bo will shortly be so fur reoovared as to be able to mind bis own fanciness. Yours, Ato., CIPHEB. Sydney, 12th June. 