SCHOOL-DAY REMINISCUNCES. Wann you sud I were younger, Jnok, what merry limes . we badi Don'i ymi emeinbor the dark night when wo a* went after "had ? How suddenly carne np n shower, a * milo or two from town 1 The lightning flashed, the thunder roarsd, mid didn't it pour d orn f And such a soaking as wo got-it ahilled us throiull and through. 'Twos dark ns pitob: end then ino wind, my goodness, bow it blewl And then, to cap the climax, nss'ill faster down it poured-it blew lite shoot from out your band, and you pitched overboard, na if yon were not wet enough- that our misfortune crowned. By George, you nearh carno within un noo of being drowned 1 Bu Bides, we lost our nut, you know-wasn't thit n night of fun? And what a lot of fish we oaugbt-bad not . single one? - ; When we got home nil cold and wet, not n single word we said, but sneaked as silently as mico, upstairs, and went to bed. And, Joe, don't you remember, too, when at T* Boording-School, to play off trioks you .made it an inva- riable rule* Ah, Josey, I oould always see lh" mischief in your eye : and I knew some ono would cal ob It before the dsy- iwont by. Heaven help him, then, whoeVr he was that\Jell beneath your game; no imiitor whether priest or clown, to you'twos nil tho sumo I: The way you fixed tbo sexton on Sunday was a sin- ny juat in- serting in his seat an ugly oroolied pin. Tuts« nftrr prayer, and all.ino folks with hemming had gut tlir. ngU -had cleared their throata, etcetera, as obuioh-loiksi always do, st the veiy nick of when all were slilL and calm, just aa tbo worthy pastor rose to mumble oat tbe psalm. On tip-too up the aisle aame Ben, so oantionsly and, slow, and down ho sat, but eoon jumped up¡ and loudly sang out " Oh I" You being right behind him, his wrath was turned on )0u; Bnrt didn't it create a fust-wasn't Benny in a stew f" How all tim onngregaiion mured, and wondered why the noise ; and didn't the old minister, Joe, reprimand us boys 1 And don't yon know one meeting night, how-you tied' np the bell, which every ninht.'ot nine o'olook, waa rung I too hour to tell, when all good folks should go to lied (a ouBtora still in vo«ue in the old Wooden-Nutmeg. I State), 'twas nicoly done, >ou rogue. I Thesteeploit was pretty high-some stories, six or more-the -rope passed through n little-hola in the centrp of each floor, and down into the vestibule-it on a peg hung there, colled un to keep it out the way, with several feet to spx-e. now nimbly np the malro you crept, as any monkey could, and underneath your arms you had suma sti-ks of mipia wood. Then slowly pulling up tbii rope, a halr.hiloh o'er the hole y--u made,, nnd thron« h it put a slick ; then up the next stops aiole And BO on to the bellty-top, where fast the heil you bound; and next thj alapper, several times, with cloth yon tied around. When every thing was " snag and fast"-SR all the> sailars aoy-you turned about, and noiselessly down atoirs you groped your way, and stalkail into the meeting room with Huoh a modost grace-tbo vory type of inuo oence; no amil- was on your face. Well, nine o'olook soon wore around, and with it esma old Ben; to ring the bell, be was you know, this-most. exHot of men. I/or twenty years, us sexton he, bad rung each nightly «bim», and «very one in Pumpkin town da. ponded on his time. If any doola w.n "low or foot, iliey waited for the night, lo hoar the ringing of tha boll, to. set their turnips right. He walkt'd up slowly to the peg, hut nh I no rope was> there ; and «hat was hi» surprise to so» it dancllng ira, the air ubove his head-beyond his much. Now what WAS be to do? He got a bench and stood thereon, snor tried to pull it through; but all his efforts worein vnlnr "Oh, here's tbodouco io poy." said he. "Good Lord f I shall bo lato - what will the peoplo B->y ? Ho pulled and tugged, and Jerked and strove, with all his might nnd main ; thou from the bench jumped in a rage, then he jumped up again ; nnd with n superhuman strength, »gain ha pullo J and tore; tha rope it broke, whon down carno Ben, ullaprnwlin^aa thn floor ; nnd with him, too, down came Hie hunch, willoh made an awful din. The people rushed from ont the ohuroh, Rai.l Den ; '. Now, tis « »in, to pluv m« (iff this scurvy trick-lo put mo In this plight : I'll give thom Josh I" and up li» rose, and went mid got o light. Up tbe first flight or steps he epttitig, omi found Htiolc number one. " So, hoi"- Bald lu», " this is your Hinno; my timo will come for fun. I'd pay >ou off Hw this, my lads:" nnd then ho tried to ring ; the belt na stubborn OH before, would do no small a thing, So upward evory flight of stairs, all w. arily nnd alow, into the bclfrey dark an.-! high, ha wns obliged to go, Tho wind it whistled loud and s rill, nhnvp, around, about, until a most unlucky puff! did blow his candia out. .' May God foraiv» me, now," hn sahl, " and on Ihoso devils frown I Was over mnn in snob a ÍU?-but I must need» go down." Then luuling every limb lila woy, back« ard, ns best bo anulo), and oaiitioiisty, ho downward went 'till on the ground hu stood. > Light- ing his lump a HFOotid tuna, upward «gain ho bled; this timo the lamp did not blow ant, and hu (ho hell untlod. "Thank Heaven I" hu sighed, "this is the. last-I'm WHsried out almost- it's all right now, I know ;" alas I ho rookoned not the host. He never dreamed as reasoned he, so wisi ly, but tint well, tlieb all his ttoubles were not o'er, ti at tntixzled wa» th» ball. With lighter boort,, and anhing legs, he bent bia steps once more-down tbo dark stairs-hut misery1 what was for him in slur- ? Right willingly h . pulJvd the ropo, and, joy I thn bell swung mund ; but lo bin great astonishment, it sent forth not a «ininti. " Father of grace and love," ha prayed, " what in. thn mutter now? Aa I'm alivo, thivelnpper thoy have rakr-n off, I vow 1 Grant me the patience, nh,. good grief, these triala all lo bejr: this is ton much for monal m«n-entuigh tomskr Job swear. 0"! iny poor limbs : again must I thoso horrid stairs nsaoutl f curas, curso those buys 1 why did my fate snob torments hither send ?" RiOiiatnntly hn draggod hlmsolf. the third time, than en high, and found the olnpper iniifll-ol up, und willoh ho did untie. To wuk« nssnranoa doubly sure» ho nwimu it to and fro, and satisfied that all was light, ha lum led down below, and gavu a louder, longer poal then o'er ha tolled before ; tho sweat ran dawn his swe.toring feen, in stream« from evory pore. " Ob, «hough I 'lis dono ; now what's the dook-my «out,'tis half-pit»! nine; whit will tha village, propio think-well, 'tis nn fault of mine. I've done my bent, groat goodness knows-how I perspire I" he said ; tin ii Henny, tia looked up tho ohuroh-went home, and went to beti. 'And nil tbo folks in Pumpkin town wero rathor struck «ghost, to find that all their dooks wero moro than half. on-hntir too fast. And stub a time a selling biak their YiS'kiio-olaoks lind thoy, and tho nuxt night u-ln od ngalti, wos novnr «con, they say, . Ah, Josey, thom- were merry tima«, whlnh we eau ne'er fat-get I You ployed, tile very Jiakens tboP, tbo ml'obioCd lo you yali 