THE BELFA2ST BA.NER AND SEPAILRATION. l'un following extracts give the substance of an articla in the B3annor of l3el'?.ast under the head of' " Union versus Separa tion." "But while we agree with the league in protesting against this injustice, we cannot agree with it in the remedy it suggests. II no other obstacle stopped the way, o stee local jealousies of long standing,-rival in teresta of considerable iagnitudi, vthich would inevitably hule to internul di-.~esiln,, and frustruai the very endl which it is the oetensible object of the lehguu to achieve. \eYr see an intrnn?se tract of country frolt Hlanmilton to Mount (3Gambier and Iron Port land to thie Murray thi?er occ- pied biy the pastoral intertet. On the other htnd, lrotm the boundaries of Norutaonhby to the llopkin-, we find the agricultural interest pri-vail. Ilere then llre the old nittagonuistic interests, which would not be sl]ow to tenter ilnto a deadly struggle for a-cetndntcy. 'lT'he there is the old anid foolish rivalry between "(the 'Porte.''" * * IBut let us ask our- elves can the Crown sanction such a projiect I Are the public lndls not 1ludged to thIe public creditor ? Are the Railwal y debe intures taken up ! Can the (Crowtn santion w bht tIIOOUillts to repj)lia tion ? I, not the credit of the, colonry ivioh ved in the mnatter l 'Tlhsie Clue.tioes suguges.t to us inrsperable difflicultie at thu very threshold,. l* ut let us ask the h'ngue whether adequate means have over libee art iptel to wring jlustice frotm lMelbo)urne CGowrstntrnt ? lila th,,rc been any bond of union between the repr,.cntra tives of the Wu'strrn Province 1 On the contrary have rot local j auliouiies been aistered,-have y b d?i not li,en ipullinrg one against anutthler, until the (i'serritnrit fouid them so weakened by dis-lnrions that they could itfllrl to diiregard their claimi with impunity ? l.it us tr' thi ai " Wetern ('ruvince lt.ague" havinig lr its object the ittatintitent ut th at jistice ? o longl de.nied, let si l;frget thiose silly jealousies that have di ilied town Ifrom to . n, Iand return only ii timbers wht) will act in coucurt with their con-tituents hitd with ieants, other, and we will liid -luh a " union" lore dleiria ble, andl c, rtainly miore practicable than separation.." I'o all this we reply that it is un genrerous for the I/anner to taunt Lis own and the other W?estern comnurr, umt ts with their early faults aud tollies' at i tu ,te wrhen ftionuly oldVcanes are tuaie to ar is ni"ighbitl y teelng," end coi-operatin ion a i lu-nt cuL- for ulr mnutuami bien-rti. Wlat is the "ww i.atta, or what purp ri" is it to aterv to raise up thet ghost t it dteps?uted ui1i:t;bi.. to scare his Is same friendly dispsitiotn on bhth sides? A. Or are We to undlrt:itaud that the lianner I9 meoans that he will never favour a union at with other parts of the province. The Li, ltanntur ,fegs tihel qestion, a len he argues ts ht the S.?pur.ition union o?ght riot to be, st bJccus' it canno: be. We say-let us tr y. 'T'Lrow n) wilful ohstrrcles ill the way, ii and we feel .atilfie it i ill blie. Anti who knuows but te Editor of the B'anlner lmaly rs be the first pritui ruinustr of the new Sc lony ? W\e see no impractic.tb;lity in the ,.Separation prrnjct, if wie are unitel. o But then abojut te ,r iilwuay dent- the e Lianner un;arirrntably n?s?.e tlrhat the Separation project implies a reputlation of our colonial liabilities-Whly so ? We say n let a proper balance sheet of cebtor au U Ci eldiltor be struck, atnd what, ever Iniay ibe t atirly dlottne by us to Victuor i we shall b fairly discharge, ansd shall expect Victir ii neigh.bours braon hiur, at i tijme when they. j are inviting him to a re-union, and show Sig ii disposition to forgive and forget. 3 He thirks that the remembrance of old l rivalry will prevent that closer union be. tween Belfast and the other par to of the t'rovince, attetpted by the Separation league. B3et why should it if there is the to do the vintue by us. As to the Buanncr' : idea of union--whtbt are its terms ind con. t ditione, anti how mniy years ago buhas he already been talking about it without by h atall inuean catching tie iynis fttuu.? And d we may a-k why should we deem it i valid it plea that the governetut tleprivu us of ourt rights because the representatives of our respective comtounities choose to think or si feel so:nuwhlat different firotl eachi other, a Ii govertrment that will not give us what is right becawuse t is right, but only when it cannot helpi it, is not one that we ought to care to remain in union with, but one that we oullght to separate froa.. Lit us lii cut that connection at least. 