POSTAL SERVICE DISCUS3I0N. Perpetual remonstrance, we suppose, will wear away even the indifference of a Colonial Office. If so, the claims of this colony in regard to the ocean postal service may some day DO rccogniaeu. neanj tvcij iuuu i^iiics home a remonstrance against tho injustice of South Australia being left, under the present contract, to obtain her mails, a3 test she may, from one of the two adjacent colonies, whilst the ocean steamer passes close by her door. In reply to these remonstrances, a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle, containing an answer that was evidently inteuded to be final, was received about six weeks since, together with a copy of the new postal contract. From these documents it appeared that the Treasury held out no hope of the colony being assisted in continuing her bianch a:rvice to King George's Sound, or of having her geographical position more directly lecogniged, and that tho only course left us was to obtain our mails from Melbourne, towards which serrice the imperial authorities offered' to psy one- half the cost. But hopeless as the ca*c wa3 thus re presented to be, the Government and the LegU ature were determined to lose no opportunity )f reasserting the rights of the colony. They nay hare complained hitherto without much :dvantage, and may bare been worsted in tbo lispute, so far as concerns practical results. But our great virtue in this matter it maybe ?aid perhaps 13 that ' we do not know when we are beaten.' We shall reiterate the in justice of our case uutil it is attended to, and until, if for no other reason, the Home autho rities will be glad perhaps to concede the dis puted point in order to get rid of our incessant and justly-repeated complaints. Until this is [lone they may count upon an infliction which Ihey will no doubt consider worse than all the plagues of Egypt. Every mail, we hope, will carry home a remonstrance similar to that published to-day in our Parliamentary pro jecdings, and our unanswered grievance, like i ghost, will haunt the regions of Downing ?treet day and night. There is strong reason, }-owever, to believe hat the pi*kion to Her Majesty adopted restcrday by both House of tho Legislature vill not be wifhtmt good effect, for it contains nfurmation wbfcb the Duke of Newcastle was learly unacquainted with when he forwarded he Treasury minete to which this petition is a oply. In that document the followias remark j: ras made .— ' My Lords observe thai the Go vernor of South Australia considers that that olony has a claim to be reimbursed half the ost of maintaining a direct mail communica ion mtii King Gorges Sound, estimated at £21,000 per annum. My Lords, howcTcr, ?oncur in tlie opinion expressed to the F6st uaster-General, that it would be unreasonable 0 call upon the people of this country to pay in additjcnal sum of £12^000 per annum -r any cum at all approaching th^t^ imount for tbia purposs.-' It will be mw seen that so far from an additional ium of £12,000 being required, it is only 1 sum of £5,000, which materially alters the natter. This- is, in fact, the chief argument jontained in the petition, which has not been ilready urged upon the attention -of the Home [foverument, ersepting, perhaps, the statement ibafc the branch pervice, towards which we ask Tor a subsidy, i* the means of giving Tictoria »nd New Souths Wales their J&jgh;'sh intelli gence from twenty-four to sixty hours earlier than they would otherwise obtain it-. But, as we have said, our ease must be reitsrated until it is listened to, e7©a if we have not; one new argument to present. ' Constant;* dropping wears away stonp.' The House of Aisembly, however,, aeem to think that if we sannot adopt new arguments in every petition we can at least adopt new styles of address ; and perhaps this will not be without weight in- a case where good reasons have been found to^have so little e£eeb. Her Majesty, when she reads the present memorial, will, we feel assured, not be able to resist the following introduction, composed ica moment of inspiration on the Treasury benches, and added to the memorial by the Government in the House of Assembly : — 'To the Queen?s Most Excellent Majesty. 'We your Majesty's most dutiful and 'loyal subjects, the House of.Assembly of this province of South Australia in Parliament assembled, ap proach your Majesty with the expression of our loyal attachment to your aiajcsty, and in full confidence that your Majesty will be graciously pleased to redress any grievances unuer which your Majesty's subjects in South Australia may be labouring', and with regard to which it may lw in your ilajestjfs power to grant them reliei, beg with all humility, to.represent.' This excellent morsel of coaposition wo have attributed to the Treasury benches ; but Mr. Grundy gits close by, and it was more than insinuated by M'r. Bagot tint he had bad a hand in it. It this be the case the honourable member for Baro-sa will, no doubt, bo knighted for hia loyalty, on one of those occasions when Her Majesty's 'comes here in ker yacht.' But whatever Her Majesty may tbfnk, the Colonial Office, as Mr. Hanson remarked, will judge of our case by its merits more than by the language in which it h set forth. We sincerely hope they will in the present in itancc. The merits of the case certainly require no artificial support from language, and have been too forcibly put in despatches from the Government to be weakened now either by a little grandiloquence from the Treasury benches or a few jocularities on tho subject from members of the House of Assembly. All that the petition pray a for is that the injustice should not be done the colony of considering our branch service to be from Adelaide to Mel bourne, instead of from Adelaide to King George's Sound ; and of making us pay for bringing our letters back from a point 500 miles beyond our own doors. We complain, in fact, of what New South Wales would com plain of if her mails were carried to Queens land. The case would be exactly parallel, and the injustice inflicted would be precisely the same as that which the Home authorities, in order to save £5,000 a year, are now inflicting upon this colony. Bevexuk and Expenditche. — A lengthened discussion took place yesterday in the House of As3embiy on the proposal of Mr. A. Blyth that the revenue and expenditure of the colony should for tbo future be shown under the separate heads of 'general' and 'land' fund. The Government opposed the change as being unnecessary and useless, and no two honour able members 8greed as to what items ought to appear under the separate heads. But the motion was at length carried in a general form, tho Treasurer of tbe day being left to make the required arrangement in accordance with what he considered right and desirable. Meeting at Stepxey. — On Wednesday evening about 20 persons assembled at the Maid and Mairpie Inn to consider the advisability of opening^ street in the Township of Stepney. Mr. Cornish was called to the chair. He read the adver tisement announcing the meeting, and explained that iu object was to decide on the best means of procuring a road through the township. When he bought land there he understood that they were to have a thoroughfare right through the township. The proposed road which he saw on the plan had lately been closed up, and he thought it would depreciate the value of the property and cause great inconvenience if it was not reopened. Mr. Chapman considered Stepney a very flourishing township, and thought it ought to have a. road right through it. That at the upper end of Henry street had been closed. When, he bought land there he was under the impression that the one which bad been closed was a public street. The meeting had been called to consider the pro priety of reopening it or forming some other outlet He had heard it stated that in the orignal plan there was a road leading into one of the main roads, but that the plan had since been tampered with. Mr. Mullerwas present, and if he chose to open a street, it was for him to state his terms. Mr. Richardson had bought land in Stepney from Mr. Muller, and in the plan a pro posed street was laid out at right angles to Henry street, and leading into the Payneharn-road. At the time he made his purchase he understood that that road was to be opened; and he was greatly surprised to see it closed up a few days ago. If it was not to be a street, then he considered great advantage had been taken of himself and other purchasers of land in the township. As the matter stood there was no outlet from the interior of the village; and he was most anxious to see some communication opened. Mr. Muller said it was most contemptible for any person to bring forward a charge against him of having tampered with the plan. He had been known 20 years, and nothing of the kind had ever been said of him before, as he always pursued quite a different course. He then laid on the table the original plan of the township, which clearly showed that the central roail, Henry-street, running between the Payneham and Magill roads, was terminated by a paddock belonging to Mr. Muller, and situated in the rear of the Maid and Magpie Inn. A proposed road running at right angles to Henry-street and leading to the Payneham-road was also sketched in pencil on the plan, and marked 'Proposed road ' Mr. Muller was sure the plan had never been altered, and if the last speaker bought land when it clearly showed that the road terminated with a paddock he had only himself to blame. Mr. Champion explained that he did not mean to make any insinuation against Mr. Muller, but had merely repeated what he had heard. Several persons present said they had bought land m Stepney under the same impressions as former speakers, and therefore he considered that Mr. Muller ought to open the road. In reply to several questions put by the Chairman, at the request of the meeting, Mr. Muller said he would allow them to have the proposed road marked on the plan upon the conditions that they should fence it off, and if ever he had occasion to make another road from Henry-street into either of the main lines he should have tue power to close it up. This would ensure to them a per manent outlet The meeting being desirous to Lnow what Mr- Muller wouh? charge for land to make a direct road from Henp;-street into the Magill-road near .the Hotel stables, he answered thaT uVcould not accept less than 1(W/. After some ^liheration it was agreed to accept Mr. Muller's tirstoffS ° A rote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. 