THE ESSAYS AND REVIEWS— NOT SO BAD AS THEY SEEM. ' The following is extracted from an -article in the ' Edinburgh Review,' in reference to the celebrated Essays and Reviews :1— ' It is a, prodigious mistake to suppose that, in' relation to the proper mode of studying and internretiinr the Bible, this volume contains anything new. By friends and fqes alike this illusion has been propagated — ' a new Refor mation,' ' a new Christianity,', 'a new Religion of Christianity, without Christ, without the, Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church:' We will venture to say that, with the possible exception of Professor Powell's Essay, and a few words of Dr Williams and Mr Wilson, there is no statement of doctrine and fact in this volume which has not been' re peatedly set forth by divines whose deep and sincere faith in the Christain religion cannot be denied without the very worst uncharitable- ness, and some of whom are actually regarded as luminaries of the Church. Even if the vo lume could be regarded as au epoch in the Church of England; it canqot possibly be . re garded as an epoch in Christendom. If the Westminster or the Quarterly Reviewer had looked ever so cursorily through the works of Herder, Schleidermacher, Lucke, Neander, De Wette. Ewald, or even Tholuck, Olshausen, and Hegstenberg, they would see that the greater part of the passages which have given so 'much cause for exultation or for offence in this volume, have their counterpart in those distinguished theologians whom we have just cited, and, therefore, if they were' destined to overthrow Christianity, ought to have done so long ago. But neither is an epoch in Eng land. The style, the manner, the composi tion of this book may be offensive or peculiar. But facts and creeds aro not revolutionised by manner and style. The principles, oven the words of the essayists have been known for the last fifty words, through writings popular, amongst ell English students of tho higher branches of theology. If there be a conspiracy it is one far more formidable thon that of the seven essayists. For it is a conspiracy in which half the rising generation, one quarter of the Bench of Bishops, the most leading spirits of our clergy,, have been, and are, and will be en gaged, whatever he the results of the present controversy. Coleridge led tho way. A whole generation arose under his germanising influ ence. Even Dr Pusey swelled the ranks for a time, and still retains in his teaching traces of his former associates. The translation ot Nie- buhr's ' History of Rome,' with its speculations on the origin of mankind, by Hare and Thirl- wall, calling down the thunders of the 'Quar terly Review ' of the day, which were answered with burning indignation and withering scorn by the two divines who had undertaken that labor of love. The critical Essay of Schleier- macher on St Luke's Gospel was ushered into the world by a Preface of the translator, which bears the unmistakable stamp of the masterly hand of the Bishop of St David's ; Essay and Preface alike containing almost all the princi ples and many of the statements, which now— whilst he declares that no amount or orthodox statement can, without express disavowal, re lieve a writer from the responsibility of his connivance at previous heterodoxy— that pre late denounces as incompatible with the pro fession of an English clergyman. Arnold's ' Life and Letters' has been allowed to pass through as many editions as the ' Essays and Reviews,' and yet contains not only all the 'fundamental principles of the present volume, which have been so much- attacked, but parti cular passages almost verbally coincident with the language of Professor Jowett or Dr Wil- liams on the Book of Daniel, or even of Mr Wilson on the early Jewish history. Dean Alford's edition of the Greek Testament abounds with 'passages on inspiration- and on the biblical discrepancies, exactly similar ,to those to appearing in the second, fuurth, and seventh Essays. - 'Dean Milman's successive works, 'with all their weight of eloquence and learning, point in the same direction ; and he, we are sure,' will not think that his present high station exempts him from the duty and 'privi lege of sympathising with those who are now struggling, with the obloquy which he has triumphantly surmounted. , Mr. Westcott's cautious and valuable treatise on the ' Canon ' contain, it has been truly said, more startling (and, if we choose -so to regard them more dangerous) facts about the origin of the New Testament; than are to be found in the whole of the doomed volume., Lord Arthur Hervey's work on the ' Genealogies of Christ': contains speculations on the books of Joshua and Judges more inconsistent with their literally -historical character, and, we must add, more contrary to all sound criticism, than any theory started by Baron- Bunsen or his Welsh admirer. Nay, there is a composite work ' still more exactly corresponding in character to the seven essays, A huge volume, to which a successor 'is ex pected; has lately issued from; the. press, fqrmed like that of -which we -speak, by various au thors, most of them, we are sorry to say, clergymen in high positions ; far more respon sible than the Essayists for the joint character of the parts (inasmuch as this work contains no such emphatic disclaimer, as that prefixed to the ' Essays and Reviews')—' handling freely all those Biblical subjects which are peculiarly liable to suffer by the repetition of conventional language, and from a traditional method of treatment.' Already the Record newspaper has scented out the taint of neology ; already the signs of a semi infidel conspiracy have been detected in 'the astute adjustment of the diffe rent parts, and the adhesion of more orthodox names to give a semblancee of respectability to the whole. Will Mr Murray forgive us— nay, will he not rather applaud us, for thus recommending to a sale as wide as that of its un fortunate precursor — not the sevenfold but the fiftyfold foe of all religion — the formidable Dictionary of the Bible, edited by -Dr William Smith ? Seriously, it is by excellent and indis pensable works of this kind that the facts, if not the conclusions of the Essayists are circu lated for the edification of theological students. And Christianity still remains unshaken, and the Church of England is proud — and justly proud— of sending forth her choicest laborers to the noble field.' Nor is it the more latitudinarian divines who must be ignored in order to represent the Es- sayists as revolutioriists and atheists, The Fathers of the Church of England, the Fathers of the Church Catholic, nay, even some of the modern champions of a rigid orthodoxy, have com mitted themselves irretrievably to the doctrine which in the recent agitation have been so recklessly condemned. Let us take one or two obvious instances : — ' The Epistle to the Hebrews is not written by tho same author that wrote the other epistles bearing the name of Paul, but is of later date,' Such is one of the specimens of the book given by, the 'National Reformer' the infidel organ, the oracle of the Quarterly reviewer, as a poof of the approaching over throw of Christianity. We are almost ashamfed to repeat for the thousandth time the well known fact that the authorship of this epistle was a question kept open for 400 years; that its non-Pauline origin is the accepted doctrine of all the orthodox divines of Germany and of most educated divines of England ; and that Archbishop Howley, not the most revolu tionary of modern prelates, admitted to ordina- tion a distinguished clergyman who expressed to him doubts, not only of the apostolicity but of the canonicity of this great epistle. 'The, Book of Zachariah is of three dates.' So Dr Moberly in a paroxysm of Terror transcribes the sentence from Dr Williams's essay. Can the learned Head master of Winchester be igno rant that the divided authorship of Zachariah was an acknowledged fact in the view of Mede, Hammond, Kidder, Seeker, Pye Smith, Newcombe, and perhaps even of the Evangelist St. Matthew ? Peter Hie Great in London. — There did not cxistr a Russian vessel larger than a fishing, boat. Yet, from . some cause which ca'quot now' be traced, he had a taste for maritime pursuits which amounted to a passion, iudeed' almost to a monomania. His imagination was full of sails, yardarnls and rudders. That large- miud, equal' to the highest duties of the general and the states man, contracted itself to the most minute details of naval architecture and naval discipline. The chief ambition of the great conqueror and legislator- was tb be a good boatswain and a "good ship's carpenter. Holland pbd Englapd, therefore, had' lor him an attraction which was wanting to the: galleries and terraces of Versailles. He. repaired to Amsterdam, took a lodging in the dockyard, assumed tho gnrb of a' pilot, put down his name on the list of workmen, wielded with, his owni hand the caulking iron and the mallet, fixed the pumps, and twisted the ropes. Ambassadors who catne to pay their respects to him, were forced, much against their will, to clamber up the rigging of a man of war, and found him cnthronedon he crosstrces. Such was the Pr'noc populace of London now crowded to behold, liis stately form, his intellectual forehead, his piercing black eyes, his Tartar nose and mouth, his Brnc,"® smile, his frown black "hh all the stormy rage hate of a barbarian tyrant, and above all a strange nervous convulsion which sometimes transformed his countenance, during a few moments, into on object on which it was impossible to look wi'bmn terror, the immense quantities of meat which he devoured, the pints of brandy which ho swallowed and which, it was said, he had carefully distilled with his own hands, the fool who jabbered at h feet, the monkey which grinned at the back ol his chair, were, during some weeks, popular topics ol conversation. He meanwhile shunned the public, gaze with- a haughty shyness which inflamed, curiosity. He went to a ploy, but assoon as lie perceived that pit, boxes, and galleries were staring, not at the stage, hut at him, he retired to a back bench, where he was screened from obser vation by his attendants. He was desirous to see a sitting of the House of Lords, but, as he was determined not to be seen, he was forced to climb up to the leads, and to peep through a smnl window. He heard with 'great interest the royal assent given to a bill lor raising fifteen hundred thousand pounds by land tax, and learned with amazement that this sum, though larger by one half than the whole revenue which he could wring from the population of the immense empire of which, he was absolute master, was but a small part of what the Commons of England voluntarily grunted every year to their constitutional Ring. William judiciously humored tho whims of his illustrious guest, and stole to Norfolk street so quietly that nobody in the neighborhood recog nised His Majesty in the thin gentleman who got out of the modest looking coach at the Czar s lodgings. The Czar returned the visit with the same precautions, aud was admitted into Kensing ton House by a hack door. It was afterwards known that lie took no notice of the tine pictures with which the palace was adorned. , But over the chimney of the royal sitting room was a plate which, by an- ingenious machinery, indicated tbe direction ot the wind, and with this plate he was in raptures. He soon became weary of' his residence. lie found that lie was ton far from the objects of his curiosity, 'and too near to the crbwds to which he" was himself an object of 'curiosity He accordingly removed to Deptlord,- and was there lodged in the house of John Evelyn, a house which bad long been a favorite resort of men of letters, men of taste, and men of, science. Here Peter gave himself up to his favorite pursuits. He navigated a yacht every day -up and down the river. His -.apartment wasicrowded with models of three deckers and two deckers, frigates, sloops, and fir.-ships. The only Euglish man of tank iii whose.aocicty he seemed to take milch pleasure was the' eccentric Caermarthen, whose passiqn for the sea bore some resembjance to his'oiyn,' and who was very competent to give an opinion about. every part of a ship 1'rpm jlic stem to the. stern. Cacrmartheu, indeed, bf came so great p favorite that, he provailed on the Czar to consent to the admission of a limited quantity of tobacco .into Russia.— " History of England from tbe Accession of James the Second, By Lord Macahlay." ' ' ' : Groundless Charge or Murder. — In one of the police courts of the metropolis a gentleman, named Mr. Spaine, aged 60, and who has hitherto lived a quiet and blameless life in an obscure village in ICent, was oharged the other day with -the murder of his daughter-in law. Mr. Spaine had 'brought up a large family in a sphere of- respect ability. Ode of his bona held a situation in the 'office of Mr. Sheriff Lusk, where his salary had for years produced him £1000 a year. He seems however, not to have found this large salary sufficient, to have got into difficulties, ,and to have come upon his father for assistance. His father believed him to be single; but last Christmas he arrived on a- visit, introducing a wile, who was re ceived with all kindness, Sosn afterwards his mind gave way, and it was found necessary to place him in a lunatic asylum ; aud it was then discovered that the persoji he had introduced was not his wife, but that he really had a wife els where. This wife was the deceased, on charge of poisoning whom Mr. "paine was recently arrested. The young man had lived with -her from 1848 to 1854, when he married her, but deserted her a fortnight afterwards to live with the other woman, allowing her £ 1 a' week out of £1000 a year I lor her sup port. - -This, . since his illness, was of course discontinued, and the wife then for the first time made known her claims to the father, and applied for assistance. He was unable to afford her any ; but being in possession of a pawn ticket for jewels to the value of £150, which his son had pledged, he and the family were of opinion that it ought to be placed at the wife's disposal, Accordingly, he cprne to town for the purpose of giving it to her. They had a very friendly interview, and he ac companied her to Brompton in order to point her out to the pawnbroker as the person entitled to redeem the diamonds. .On- their return in an omnibus- she complained of feeliDg a pain at her heart. He" consequently put her into a cab, apd took her to her own home at Kenuington. She had by that time become exceedingly ill, and he, having delivered her over to a niece, left somewhat hurriedly — the only circumstance having the slightest: grain of suspicion in it — saying that if he missed a ceytain train, he should have to walk many miles to his home. All this the poor mail disclosed with perfect openness, but exhibiting the most poignant sense of his painful position. The woman became worse, and a surgeon or q'uasi-sur- goon-a Mr. Nott, of Lucas road, ' Kenningtonj having been" called in, he asserted that he 'at once discovered she was labouring under the effects of sotne narcotic poison.' Hs tried the usual remedies, but at eight' o'clock she died. Upoh this Mr. Spaine was at once arrested, and on the 9th of March was brought before Mr.. Norton. /Mr! Nott again stated that he had 'no hesitation iu saying that the deceased died of some narcotic poison ;' but Mr. Spaine, after the usual caution; having. delivered with evident truth the statemeut detailed above, was liberated on his own bail. On the 11th Of March, he appeared again, but a very different story was to be told. The body had in the interim been examined by' Mt. Heath, of the Westminster Hospital, in the presence of Mr. Wheeler, of Kenniugt'on, and it was elicited beyond the possibility of a doubt, that the deceased had died of apoplexy ; that there was, not theslightpst trace of pny poison whatever, narcotic or mineral, and that the stomach was perfectly healthy. An seffusioh on the brain at - once- pointed out thd fatal cause. 'A few questions put'by Mr; Norton to Mr. Wheeler On tho subject proved undeniably that Mr. Nott must be -about one of the most ignorant of his class, and that no life under sud'den or" trying' circumstances would have a chance 'in his hands, lie was ignorant of1 the symptoms before him, pronounced unhesitatingly for a totally different attack, .and applied the wrong remedies. Mr. Nott himself was then examined, and quite corroborated-'Mr. Wheeler's opinion of him. He was asked if bo was a registered member of the College of Surgeons? to which he replied 'Yes;' but upon being asked how long, answered, 'since the 8th of March!" — that is, he was not so when ho delivered an ex cathedraopinion which subjected a'respectablc man to an ignominious arrest, add plunged liis family into piispry and shame. .Of course Mr. Spaiuc was at once liberated, with whatever consolation My. Norton's testimony to his innocence could afford him. LyVINGBTONR's LAST RESEARCHES IN Al'RICA. — Sir Roderick Murchison, wrifing . to one of tho London journals on the !9thof April, says : — ' Of the abiding influence exercised by Liv-' ingstone over the minds und Affections of the natives of South Africa, the mpst striking ex amples were narrated by that great traveller when ho told us of the staunch fidelity of his Maoololo companions under the most trying difficulties, aud how thOBe poor natives were awaiting his return on the Lower Zambeei, in the confident hope that ho would make good his pledge to reconduct them > to their homes, To the honor of our country, my - intrepid and distinguished friend has honorably kept his word. By the last packet I learn from himself that, after h journey of about 1400 miles, for the most part performed on foot, he has (with his companions, Dr. Kirk aud Mr. Charles Livingstone) revisited his friend the King Sekelutu, at Sheskeke, and taken back the i remnant of Macololo escort. Tjie discovery and opening ont of the great river Shire and the examination of the salubrious mountains on its banks having, been completed, Living, stone then set about to realise his promise to the Macolnlo, and in this lasi journey has made considerable additions to geographical and geological knowledge. Thus, he has defined the course of the chief affluents of the Zambesi, the depth of that river at different seasons, and the nature and extent of its ropids. He has also ascertained that the coal of the sandstone region (which I believe to be the true old coal) is vastly cxtended'to the east, the "mineral re appearing in natural outcrops over a veryjjwide area, Re- visiting the celebrated Victoria Falls, and examining them in detail, our faithful ex- plorer has found (a most uncooSmon defect among travellers) thnthehad greatly underrated their magnitude in his published work. Their breadth; which he estimated at about 1000 yards, is now ascertained to Be at least I860 yards, with a sheer fall of 310 feet. These and many other phenomena will bo treated of at the next meeting of the Royal Geographical Society on the 2"2nd instant, when an interesting me moir will be read, describing the country lying between Kafno and the Victoria Falls, as oc. cupied by the Batoka, an industrious and agri- cultural people, of peculiar habits, who were yery kiod to our travellers. In his last letters, dnted the 1st and 2nd of February last, from Kongone, at the mouth of the Zambesi, Living, etone announces that the new steamboat, the Pioneer, which had been' sent out to him by her Majesty's Government', was in the o'rfing, and thus provided, he proposed to ascend the rivdr to beyond the Portuguese settlements, and thence carry out the ulteti'or objects of his .mission. . . . . . ; , \- Americanisms. — The words and phrases which aye really the mgst interesting", and which may with -most propriety be classed as genuine Americanisms, are those which bqar in their origin the impress of a .new country— which come to. us with all toe racy flavour of the backbonds and the prairie,' the settler's log "hut, and the' fyee hunter life. These are not slajg, however much they.seem to resemble it, Tbey are the lawful coinage of a new world, expressive of new combinations and new wants. Like many words and phrases in the 'old country,' they carry a little history in them selves. A 'corduroy road ' could exist nowhere but in, a forest clearing.- In no other country could a traveller " strike a bee line.' It may sound like a strange inversion of meaning at first to find that to 'save' means to kill ' — ',1 shot three men,' says a notorious western du ellist (Judge W— — — , of Texas), 'and two of them I saved'— until' we remdmber that to the hunter, whose subsistence might depend upon his rifle, .every wounded . animal that escaped was. a shot wasted. Western talk is full of these metaphors, always within 'a- touch of the picturesque even in their most ludicrous adaptations. If a man changes his quarters, be is 'said to ' pull up stakes,' oc to ' make tracks' — phrases which are in themeelves vivid reminiscences of a nomad life amid the pathless wilderness, of a pew country. To move off in a hurry is to 'wake snakes'— a highly probable result in a country where a traveller about to start in a morning is' pleasantly informed by the' landlord that 'there is a smart sprinkle of ratflqsiiakes on Red Run, and a powerful nice day to sun themselves.' If a fair lady loses her temper, or if she breaks a tender promise, she is said to 'fly off the handle,' like a faithless axe — as serious a disappointment as a lost love to many a settler. This appears to be a favou rite metaphor, for we have it otherwise applied in a New York paper, where a poor man is announced as having succeeded to a fortune from a distant relative, 'who went off the han dle in England rather unexpectedly.' If there seem a little affectation of demureness on- tbe lady'3 part, she is said to be 'playin possum,' that animal having a trick of feigning deatb, and so cbeuting the dogs. If a gentleman gets into difficulties he is said to'be 'up a tree' that being the uncomfortable position in which the racoon or oposum sometimes finds himself with .his enemies looking out for him at the bottom. . European Changes.— Unless the nations of tbe Continent be destined to a disappoint ment more bitter than any that has yet befallen tKem, the present year will be the era ,of their, future politioal anoals. It seems now hardly to be doubted that - the reconstruction ef Europe on the basis of nationality and affi nity, which wqs three years ago the dream of pnthusiats, is how the policy of statesman. Not that any Sovereign or his Minister would of himBelf have taken the unity of Italy or the recpnstitUtion of Poland out of - the realms of Utbpin. It is not the place rulers to ori ginate; even foresight is a much less common, and perhaps a less valuable quality, than one might be disposed to'believe. But, while the great ones -of the earth are content to watch the winds and currents aud eddies, and every winding of the shore, the full stream' is bearing them on to, a region which a few have des cried- in the distance. In a few years, possi bly, the whole of Central Europe will be as much transformed as Italy, and people will tool; back to the'present time as the dawn of a day long expected by a number of suffering races. .- While 'Hungarian magnates are declaiming in terms which a few months since would have sent them to & fortress, while Servians and Croats are fraternising with ths once intoleraut Magyar, while the Imperial Government accepts the humiliation of report ing lo the Diet thfe abdication of Ferdinand V, thus recognising the illegality of all that bos been done for 13 years, tho Emperor Alex ander publishes the new Constitution of Poland. — 'Times.' The Fijis. — Tho first shipment of cotton from the Fijia was made by the Agnes in the month of May. There were 'about a thousand lbs. We regret to learn that the gins forwarded will not work, and the cotton has been supplied by the natives as it. is produced, in its wild state. We understand that things continue upon the whole satisfactory. Au opinigu has . been expressed, however, that the British authority would be strengthened by the occasional appearance .of a mau-ol'-war,. in order that the natives may under stand that there is force behind the moral influence to which they cannot be expected always to sub mit themselves. We are also informed that Cap. Wilson, from, Sydney! ha? commenced a largo establishment in which are concerned several Syd ney capitalists. Colonel Smith still remain's at the island pursuing his inquiries. We presume that at no very rqinote period the British Government will finally determine upon tbe acceptance of the sovereignty of that country, from which indeed it seems difficult to escape. — 1 Sydney Morning Bet /, aid, 26th June. ' - f 