BALLARAT FIRE BRIGADE. The usual monthly meeting, of the Balla- rat Fire Brigade took place at the Brigade Boom on Monday evening, Captain Borrows in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read by Mr Solomons, acting honorary secretary, when Mr Harrison took exception to that part whiih stated that .« that Mr Reid's resignation be accepted," as being improperly entered, Mr Harrison declaring that his amendment for not ac- cepting Mr Reid's resignation was carried. The Chairman put the question to the vote, when four or five voted for the accuracy of the minutes, and five or six against. The Chairman put the question again, calling on all to vote, when the minutes as entered were confirmed by eight to six, the minutes being similar to the reports in the daily journals of that date. The Chairman reported that two alarms of fire had taken place during the month. COBBESPONDESCE Letter with donation of £25 from the agent of the Victoria Insurance Company, in re- cognition of the valuable services of the Brigade. The letter was received. Mr Haul said he thought the donation should be received with thanks. He moved its receipt with thanks, and the motion was carried with cheers. Messrs Burrows and others, members of the brigade, requesting the use of the bri- gade room for a quadrille assembly every Wednesday evening, and requesting to know the terms. Mr Jamieson moved, and Mr Morgan se- conded-" That leave be given if applicants paid for the gas." Mr Harrison moved, and Mr Kau! se- conded- That leave be not given, as the room would not bear it." Mr Jamieson and Mr Fortune thought the room was safe enough in the captain's hands, and that it would be soon mildewed if not used by the members for whose use and entertainment it was built. The Chairman said a few brackets to the under part of floor would make the floor strong and safe. Mr Kaul said the place shook when the wind blew, and dancing would do more to injure it. Mr Solomons thought that if the room was not secure, the sooner.it was proved the better. ' * " ' Ultimately the amendment was with- drawn, and permission was given upon pay- ment for gas, and guarantee being given that all damages done by the dancing would be repaired. FL'KDS. The Treasurer reported that the weekly subscriptions amounted to ¿ 35 16s 8d ; and thc members' fund to £34 7s. He also reported that Mr Aldridge had presented £1 to the Brigade, value of work done, and that 5s had been received for gas on Christmas night. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr Aldridge for his gift. Mr Jamieson wanted to know what had become of the members' fund money for the whole of the past year? The Treasurer said it had gone for the building, uniform, and one or two other things, until last half year, when the fund was kept separate, and the balance, £34 7s, was the statement for the last half rear. CORNISH BAND. Mr Davey intimated tba* the Cornish aliat " Cousin Jackey" band were willing to join the Brigade and give tbeir music gratui- tously, except ou occasion of processions. Some conversation then ensued, and Mr Haul moved and another member seconded -" That the baud be made honorary mem- bers ot the Brigade, if they would give their musical ser vices at processions.** - I The matter was deferred for a month, ! Captain Barrows and Mr Davey being ap- pointed to bring up a report on the matter. I AXNIVER6ABY DEFAULTERS. , A member enquired if the anniversary committee were ready to report. The Chairman said the Secretary was absent and the papers were not ready. Mr Fortune said he heard Mr Leitch had bolted with the monies he had collected for the captain's testimonial and for the ball aud supper. Was it so or not? Lieutenant Stamper said the committee had met to receive Mr Leitch and his money, but neither was forthcoming. A special meeting should be called on the matter. Some members thought the defaulter should be sued for embezzlement or breach of trust. . . Mr Scott thought it premature to do anything till the committee formally re- ported. The Chairman said he had asked Mr Leitch for the money till he was tired, and now "my noble" ne ver made "the ghost of a show," but always avoided him, so he did not know what to do with such a person. A voice-Turn him on t to be a ure. ''Finally the matter was postponed for the committee to report to a special meeting of the Brigade next Monday night. ACCOUNTS. ^^Li The following accounts were ordered to ^?^H b paid:-. £ S. d. Times. 5 9 0 Star...... 5 16 6 Eastern Hotel, refreshments 1 17 O , D. & M. Thomas, barrow ... i 5 0 'J. Gellatly, repairs. 1 16 0 Engine keeper, salary. 16 2 0 Dr Hillas for attendance on Mr Morris for three days. .600 Messrs Kau! and Scott, in reference to the doctor's bill, said they "could give expres- sion to a little feeling about that but would not," and one member suggested that * un- less in case of great emergency Dr. Hillas should not be again employed." HOBKMEW. Messrs Fortune, Reece, Harrington, Draper, Hayson, Bryce, Davey, Drew, Rowe, and Hoey were announced as hosemen fot the next three months. ADDTTORS. Mes*rs Solomon and Hoey were then ap- pointed auditors for thc ensuing half- year. HEW MEMBERS. Messrs Johnson and Wat ley were elected members of the Brigade. THE CAPTAIN AND THE RSX3INE KEEPER, Captain Burrows said he regretted to have to complain of the Engine Keeper, as thc hired servant of the Brigade, for absenting himself on Christmas day, without hie leave. He also had on several occasion! found the Engine Keeper away from hu post, and had had insolence from bim. Mrs Tucker at this juncture caused Î diversion, by appearing at the end of th< room, and accusing the captain of spite anc unkindness. Several members at once repaired to tbi door and induced Mrs Tucker to leave th< room, whereupon she retired and went int< hysterics. Mr Scott said there appeared to be som« ill-feeling between the complainant and thi defendant, and he moved therefore-"Thai Messrs Raul, Morris, Retallack, Draper, am the mover, be a committee to investigate thi charge." Lieutenant Stamper said he had given thi engine-keeper leave to be absent on Christ mas Day, and Captain Burrows was no gentleman enough to say something- ou reporter could not hear what. Ultimately the motion was carried, am after some fur thar matters had been talke over "the meeting broke up. 