Letters to the Editor PUBLIC CONTRACTS. SIR, -- Allow, me through the medium of your impartial journal, to call the attention of the public to the statement made by the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer, in the Legisla- tive Assembly on Thursday last, and which appeared in your Saturday's issue, wherein he goes on to say in reference to contracts and contractors, "But the fact is contractors look upon the government, or perhaps he might say the public, as fair game and usually send in tenders 50 per cent. in advance of what they would think of submitt- ing for the performance of private works. For the performance of certain works esti- mated at £150, a tender was sent in for £990. (Laughter). Of course the tender, was rejected and now a tender had been accepted for the same work for the amount estimated. The government have thus to reject those exorbitant tenders, until some are sent in approximating to the amount voted for the work." But he did not inform them that there had been other tenders sent, in from Mr. Reeves, £202, Mr. Porter, £385 ; the latter gentlemen having since agreed to do the work for £150! and that the plans had been so much altered since the before men- tioned tenders were sent in, to bring them down to the amount voted, as to make it im- possible to recognize them in their former pristine beauty, and which, when finished, will make, the work almost impassable. I do not imagine the government would be such flats as to allow Mr. Porter to do only £150 worth of work. Oh no! not by any means. I would however suggest that the whole of the tenders, received by the government with the names of tenderers, the amounts, as also the number of tenders called for, and those accepted, be laid on the table of the House of Assembly, the members of which, and the public generally, would then have an opportunity of judging how far the gov- ernment, and I may say the public, are fair game for sporting contractors. Why not adopt the Victorian mode of pro- ceeding in such matters, viz.--to open all tenders in presence of parties contracting, and also demand 10 per cent cash on accep- tance of tenders, which would effectually do away with the pettifogging practice now in vogue, and perhaps eventually send "David's ghost " back to his natural element " where contracts high do range." I am, Sir, AN UNSUCCESSFUL SPORTSMAN, Brisbane, May l3th, 1861. P.S.Perhaps our venerable friend of auc tion renown, might put the foregoing question to the hon. the Colonial Secretary, and,also how many had been accepted other than the lowest,--baths and normal school for instance. Sir,--"Will you allow me for a second and last time, to occupy a small space of your Courier. ln your issue of the second of April an in dividual who signs himself "A Squatter,' is 'pleased to reflect on a letter of mine, which appeared in your columns some time ago. Permit me ,to state, for the information of your correspondent, that, to become personal and insulting under the secure cover of an anonymous signature, and thereby depriving his antagonist of awarding him his deserts, is deemed amongst honorable men, mean and cowardly. If "A Squatter" saw anything in my letter, that led him to believe it was my intention to engage in a newspaper contro- versy, with people that have not the moral courage to give their names, he has been sadly mistaken, and his last or any future letters of his will meet with the silent con- tempt which such vile fabrications deserve. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, P. SELLHEIM. Rockhampton, 6th May, 1861. A HARDY SNAKE.-- From Konm Chi we moved on towards Bunarbashi. When very near I saw a snake between four and five feet long swiftly gliding. I sprang to the ground, and with my sword made a blow which severed about four inches of the tail from the body. The snake immediately reared to attack me, and opened very considerable jaws. A cry from the Turk warning me to retire, seemed to frighten the snake, for he immediately darted forward, but I overtook him, and, as he rose with violent fury to project himself upon me, my sword happily cut him in half. The head portion however, continued to advance and would have gained security, if Allen had not most opportunely severed the head with about three inches from the rest of the body. Even then the head advanced several feet, and continued to the last eager for revenge, griping the sword that was thrust into its mouth.--Diary of General Sir Robert Wilson, C. M. T. BATHURST BURR.---The pernicious effects bf this noxious weed on sheep may bo learned from the following fact. We lately heard of some sheep that wore slaughtered, and, after being skinned, the thorns of the burr, were found to have penetrated through the first skin, and imbedded in the inner lining, which was completely, covered with them. From the fact of their being overgrown with a kind of film they must have been there some time to the injury of the sheep,-- Albury Banner, ' 