THÈ~CMCKÉT_MÂTCH. THIEDDAT. good hour after the time »Pl«' occasional feather was daT buTon the showers ff dnru»|¿^Vground in whole the day ^^gJS a little too tolerably fte latter 80f\ *? th? dSTcouliderable number of part of the day » weather was spectators assembled, oat w£ _ bera that other wise tu.» Some very good play was_mj»£: have deei Ihough the ^f»"*"^? fe constant dedly the best of*, * feu¡ practice T"¿I~ chronic weak tf ever another match is played, that the wicklts are^tched, and adjourning m the ever it is possible that we are committing arunpertinence in the eyes of cncketera, who should koo* best, perhaps, how to manage their own affairs. It is ours, how to suggest what we conceive to be an amendment!^ having donei so. we proceed with our report of the third day s &*J The umpires for the day were Mess« Marshall and Diggins, and Messrs Lewis and Bagshaw acted as scorers. After paying a little attention to the ground, the wicket« were pitched in the old ground, and the United" went on with their second în niMace and Costick resumed their bats to the bowling of J. Sunth and Saunders. Smith deuvered the first ball, from which Costick scored a single at slip, and, after another over or two, another single. Saun ders's balls proved as usual difficult to manage, but both Mace and Costick at length got a single a piece from Saunders, Figgis missing a catch from Mace. Costick then made a 3 from a fine square leg hit that sent the ball over the scorers* tent to the fence; and Mace having scored another single, Costick got a 2 from another square leg hit, nearly eaught by Morris. H. Smith now took the ball from J. Smith, and at hiB fourth ball Costick made the best hit yet seen in the match, a clean longfield over, from which he scored a 6. Mace continued to indulge in single blessedness; and Figgis having relieved Saunders, relieved Costick also of any more trouble at the wicketB by levelling his stumps for the very respectable score oí 16. Three men out for 37 runs. J. Huddlestone now took the bat, and both men scored a single or two, Huddlestone narrowly escaping from a catch in Neap's ready hands. Another over or two sufficed for Huddlestone, whose middle stump went flying by a ball from H. Smith, making the fourth mau for forty-three runs. Marshall, the captain of the Victo- rians, then took possession of the willow and after offering a little catch or two at point, he recured a pretty three at mid- wicket off, but was soon after run out-at least, so the . umpire said, though grave doubts were thrown upon the accuracy of the decision by mauy, while others unhesi- tatingly declared the decision to be palpably wrong. Five men out for 46 runs. Ham- mersley followed next at the wickets, and offered a catch at point which nobody ac- cepted, and he then got a two from a good long field on, and then a single leg. Mace then gave a neglected catch at point, and Hammersley scored a 2 at slip, followed by Mace with another of his singles. Ham- mersley ">vas then unfortunate enough to place a ball in J. Cox's hand* at mid- wicket off, after scoring five, and making the sixth man out for 52 runs. J. Bryant took the surrendered bat, and soon scored a couple of singles and a 2 missed by Davies at long field on. Mace got another single or two, and Bryant followed with a 2 by a leg hit, an example Mace then followed, scoring his first 2; albeit, he had been in all the innings. Clissold now relieved H. Smith, xnd more singles were scored by Mace, and soon after, a 2 at mid-wicket. There was now an adjournment for lunch; and, on resuming, Clissold and Figgiß were relieved by J. Smith and Saunders. Mace's wickets soon went down to Saund- ers, seven men being out for 74 runs, and Makinson taking to the vacant wickets. A few more balls settled Makinson's business, that gentleman having the ill luck to put the ball into J. Cox's hands at cover point, and make the eighth man out for 81 runs. Elliot took the bat, and he and Bryant hav- ing both scored a single Elliott soon got a 2 at mid wicket on, and a single at off, some hits to cover point being nicely stopped bv Warner. Figgis now took the ball from J. Smith, and several more overs passed with nothing but singles, Figgis fielding very well at slip, and so disappointing the bats of their hopes. Some smart showers of rain fell about this time, but the ardor of the players was in no wise cooled thereby. Sweeney was apparently in high glee at everything, and his splendid wicket keeping was well noted on all sides, while Goujon at long stop out-did himself as if inspired by the famous example Bet by that crack hand, Butterworth, of the Vic- torians. Bryant, who seemed determined to stick to his willow, kept on scoring sin- gles at intervals; Elliott doing the same, till one of Saunder's awkward balls dis- turbed his bails, and sent him away ninth man out ior 96 runs. Butterworth now took the bat; and after a couple of overs was sent out with a round O, by Saunders; Bryant carrying out his bat alter scoring the longes!; score on the "United" »de.- The following is the scoring of the TJKÍTBD VicroBiA. 2ND INNING«. T. Huddlestone, run out. 2 Hopkinson, c Davies, b H. Smith!.... 2 Mace, b Saunders.2i Costick, b Figgis."...." 16 J. Huddlestone, b EL Smith .3 G. Marshall, run out ."3 Hammersley, c J. Cox, b H. Smith".".".!"." 5 J. Bryant, not out. 16 Makinson, c J. Cox, b Saunders.".3 Elliott, b Saunders . " 8 Butterworth, b Saunders..!...!"".!" o 79 bah V !eg byeS' 2 * WiJe8' 12 no Total second innings. ^ Total first innings.!!!!!!!Ho Told score V.U. Eleven. 206 ANALYSIS OF THE BOWLING Saunders-108 balls, 16 runs, 16 j maiden overs, 4 wickets. a H. Suúüi-76 balls, 24 runs, 7 maiden overs, 2 wickets. «««uen J. Smith-64 balls, 18 run. 5 maiden overs, O wickets. maiaen 1 SeT92 baUfl' " ^»«idenöTers, 0 ScSr8 baU8' 2 rUnS'0 maidfin °*ers, After a brief spell off the BallaratEigfateen shaped for their second innings with a ba- lance to their debit of 137 rona or 138 rons to beat. Sweeney and EL Smith went in to the bowling of Elliott and Costick, Smith getting 1 from a draw to leg from the first ball delivered, Sweeney following snit with a single at mid wicket on. Several overs passed with next to nothing done, save a single or two by Sweeney, and Smith's stumps were then lowered by a pretty ball from Elliott. One man out for 6 runs, and Braithwaite at the wickets. Three or four maidens followed, when Braithwaite scored a 2 at mid wicket off. Lots of balls followed without any execu- tion on either side; Sweeney getting a single at slip, and Bryant relieving Costick with the ball. Sweeney kept up a cautious play and scored singles, but had a narrow escape from a catch between cover point and slip. He then scored another Bingle at long slip that Bhould have been a 2 had he been a little more disposed to rapid locomotion. Braithwaite now gave up the ghost, being caught splendidly by Mace, at long field off. Two men out for 14 runs. Miller now took the bat, and soon played a capital long Blip, from which however he only scored a single, as Sweeney would not run for the second run. Af ter one or two more overs Makinson was deputed to try some of his slow teazers in lieu of Elliott's bowling. Sweeney lost a run from a pretty long slip as he ran short, but he kept in at the singles in all directions, in- cluding one from a fine square leg hit, well fielded by J. Huddlestone. After another over or two Miller was victimised by one of Makinson's teazers, and went out the third man for 23 runs. Saunderson took the bat, and scored a single from a leg hit from the first ball he had from Makinson, who how- ever subsequently sent him to his account with a slow hopping ball, that comfortably lifted off the bail and did his business. Four men out for 2 5 runs. J. Cox followed at the wickets, and he and Sweeney scored Beveral singles in the next over or two, one of Sweeney's skyflyers doing its best to lift off one of the umpire's hats. Elliott having relieved Makinson, Cox scored a 2 at long slip, and then a single from a similar bit, Sweeney following suit with a 2 in similar fashion. Another single a piece was scored, and then stumps were drawn, as it was seven o'clock,-the following bemg the score at present, of the BALLARAT SECOND INNINGS : Sweeney, not out. 22 H. Smith b Elliott . 1 Braithwaite c Mace b Elliott. 2 Miller b Makinson . 1 Sanderson b Makinson . 1 J. Cox, not out. 5 32 Byes, 2; leg-bye, I; wides, 4. 7 39 It will be seen that the captain of the Bal- larat team has already made the largest score in the match, J. Bryant who carried out his bat in the second innings of the " United" having scored the next highest number. The eighteen have 99 runs to get ere they can claim the victory, and to allow them a chance to try the issue further, play will be resumed this morning. 