ORDINATION AT ST. ANDREWS. YESTERDAY, being St. Barnabas' Day, the Bishop held an Ordination in St. Andrew's temporary cathedral. A very large congregation assembled on the occasion, the church being nearly full before the commencement of the service. The Rev. Thomas Smith, the much respected incumbent of St. Barnabas' church in Patramatta-Btreet, was ordained presbyter, according to the solemn and impressive formularies of the Anglican Church. A numberof episcopal clergy- men were present, besideB those who immediately assisted at the sacred ceremony. The congregation obviously consisted, for the most part, of Mr. Smith's own parishioners, but considerable numbers of persons attended fiom the suburban and other metropolitan parishes. The full cathedral service was not performed ; several of the psalms and hymns in the office for Morning Prayer were, however, chaunted in an effective and highly creditable manner by the choir of St. James's, under the direction of Mr. Purley, the organist of that church. The ordination sermon was preached by the Dean of Sydney, ond the offertory alms were handed over, at the conclusion ol' the service, to the catiic\lral building fund. At eleven o'clock, the Bishop of Sydney, accom- panied by the Dean, the Rev. Canons Allwood and Walsh, and the Rev. Mr. Bull, proceeded to the altar-the Rev. R. L. King remaining to officiate at the reading-desk. The Bishop and the Dean occupied theBtalls to the north of the altar table, and the Rev. Canon Walsh and the Rev. Mr. Bull the stalls to the south. On the north side of the altor sat the Rev. Canon Allwood. The Rev. Thomas Smith was placed in front of the congregation, outside the communion rails. Morning Prayer wa» said by the Rev. R. L. King (the Rev. Mr. Bull reiding the LessonB) ; after which, followed the sermon. At the end of the discourse the ordination service commenced, .tad the Litany was said by his Lordship ; the officiating clergy and the congregation responding. The Bishop then proceeded to the Communion Service, the Epistle being read by the Rev. Canon Allwood, on the north side of the altar, and the epistle after- wards (on the south 6ide), by the Reverend Canon Walsh. The Oath of Supremacy wag next adminis- tered to the Rev. Thomas Smith by the Registrar of the diocese, and then the Bishop addressed the candidate for the office of priesthood in the simple and impressive language of the Ritual of tho Church of England. The Dean and the four other officiating priests assisted the Bishop in " the laj'ing on of hands." At the end of the ceremony the newly ordained priest leceived the Holy Communion with his brother clergymen, and sévirai of the laity pre- sent. The DEAN or SY_NEY*took astlie text for his ordi- nation tern.on, the following words, from the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th verses of the Acts of the Apostles : '.'Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the Church which was at Jerusalem, and they sent forth Barnabas that lie should go as far as Antiooh : who, 'when he came and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord. For he was a good man, and, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith ; and much people was added unto the Lord." The preacher commenced by observing that it was 'one of the advantages of the system pursued by the Church of England that, in her Book of Common Player, she brought befoie members of her commu- nion at stated times, and in regular succession, all the more important portions of Divine Truth, and led them to contemplate them devoutly, both for doctrine and for practice, and also as matters of experience in the history of the Church of God. And it was not, he considered, unimportant, in the present day espe- cially, to observe that the Church of England had, in her i teaching, incorporated all those sublime and humiliating truths which the carnal mind unwillingly received- against which the natural heart re- belled, and which the unsanctified intellect was now evidently stiiving to explain away. The Creation, the Fall of Man, the Expulsion of our First Parente from Paradise, and the consequent depravity of the Human Race-these constituted the basis on which rested all subsequent revelations of God to man, and with thom were all his providential arrangements towards our race inseparably interwoven. From these sprung the necessity for Christianity. The reverend gentleman then went on to show from Scripture how the great doctrine of the Atonement through Christ was connected with the first earliest truths of reve- lation to which ho had briefly alluded. Tnere was no answer which would meet all the facts of the case but that which the Prophet Isaiah was inspired to declare:-''When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong hu) days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand." Passing from these considerations the Dean next pro- ceeded to point out that the Church of England, as "a faithful witness and keeper," not only declared livegiving doctrines on her great festivals, but also in her more ordinary services. In the appointment of particular days of the yoir to be observed in commemoration of the Apostles, and other eminent saints of the apostolic times, she had also provided for her sons yet further means of edification and useful instruction. The observance of such days, ia a proper and scriptural manner, had a tendency to strengthen our faith in the GoBpel-the Gospel itself being illustrated and con- firmed in the lives and deaths of its greatest teachers. Following out this train of thought the preacher adverted generally to the sanctifying effects of the Holy Spirit upon all men thoroughly imbued with an earnest sense of the truths of Christianity, and instanced St. Barnabas (the fellow worker with the Great Apostle of the Gentiles) as an example. "He was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith." The preacher then drew a brief sketch of the state of the early Church, imme- diately prior to the call of St. Barnabas to the apostle ship, and dwelt forcibly, and at some length, on three Íioints connected with the mission of St. B-rnaba. rom the Church at Jerusalem to the converts at Antioch. The three points were, first, the nature and peculiar fitness of the agent sent; secondly,, the com- mission given ; and, thirdly, the mode in which that commission was executed. In treating of these several heads, the many Chtistiaa virtues with which St. Barnabas was illustrated by the operation of the Holy Spirit were severally adverted to, and a practical application made of the subject to Christians generally and to members of the ministry in particular. The preacher also pointed out that St. Barnabas was sent not merely to convert, but to confirm those who were converted, and to organise the community of the Brethren. This was, in the second place, to be considered as the nature of the commission with which St. Barnabas was entrusted. Order was carefully attended to in the Early Church as well as the diffusion of the Gospel. The circumstances attendant upon the conversions effected by Philip the Deacon, were a proof of this. It would be remembered that Peter and John were at that time sent by the Church at Jerusalem to establish the good work, to organise, and to edify :-" God is not the God of confusion but of order, as in all the Churches of the Saints." Having then succinctly described the manner in which the Church of Eng- land had always carefully guarded the office of the ministry, and the provisions taken by her for the ordi- nation of zealous and unexceptionable men to the pas | toral office, the pieaeher stated that the members of the Church of England had much reason to bless God that she had been permitted to follow the practice and the principles of the Apostles, in retaining the three eade]s in ¡he ministry as had ex-isted from apostolic times, Let them, as members of that Church, lift up the banner of the Crose, and maintain the bright armour of the Church against the Infidel, the Socinian, the Romanist, and every teacher of heresy und error. He prayed also that the Church might ever be on her guard against those more insidious attempts made from time U> time, with a view to sap and undermine her foun- dations. The third and last point touched upon was the mode in whieh St. Barnabas had executed the commission which he had received from the Church of God in Jerusalem. This was briefly let forth, and the noble example furnished herein by St. Barnabas was strongly insisted upon. The discourse concluded by the emphatic praj er ©f the preacher that the minister that day to bo ordained to the office of priesthood, might become another Barnabas ; a man full of the Holy Ghost and uf faith, and like-minded with His Great Heavenly Master. THE GULPH GOLD-FIELDS.-By a proclamation in yesterday's Government Gazette the following is to be deemed a gold-field within the meaning and for the purposes of the " Act to amend the Laws relating to Gold-Fields," viz., the gold-field on Crown lands in the county of Dampier, Monaro district, at and in the vicinity of the Gulph Creek and its tributaries, from its source to its confluence with the Tuross River, to be called " The Gulph Gold-Field." ACCEPTED TENDERS.-The following tenders have been accepted by the Government. For the execution of certain works on the Great Southern Road, 1st District : Contracts,Nos. 2 and 9, Mr. Joseph Martin I dale"; contract No. IO, Mr,.James Booking. 