ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE- To the Editor of (fie Advertiser. FlR—Ourelpction is over and Mr Rnlfa Is again re'urredov amajirily oFstven A closer pufli than ever hu had be ore. We hsvs waited pa'ienily all this day for ihe arrival of the hallot boxes from thu out nations, which were not de iverrd till near dask on aicount of rhe rmr;hn"ss if the weather. Mr Ral e's party received tin nc»B with npreitriotiB dili:ht aud immediately adjjurmd to Mr Br.-wn'a roi.m to hear his, Mr B.ilt's, cmgr ita atorj speech v.-l)ie:h very much disipp^iatid the <;»p c!ation of the oipcsiiion, lliey, ue is usual thought 'hat us Mr lUlfe was tho successful caodijat. he w u'd i ave tried to throw oil oil the tioublel water; hut no, in his originali y he a tack d he oppos tii.n and began lo cotapliii: [fiercely about the manner in which it had Hen cunducted. He d?clhred "hat lite past eo.i'est was a contest between liberty >>nd liberty, patriotism real and patriutiiui spirious 'IhosrJ 'ham patriots—tliosu twi mp io ds w:io bright fo. ward the other cuudidate had tliey been successful would have trampled him a-id'uis rartv under the-ii tee 1 , as dirt. He iniplcrcd his frierdy not to forget he swamp tor ds.a'd sa : d h , on hig past, Would redeem his pledgthe only one, by the bye, with whioh'he will enter Parliament, which is that he will crush that miserable clique who brought forward Mr Graves, who was brought forward not that they thought him bettti fi ed to represent them, but meiely Ileoanal they hated himself. He fi-rily believed that if the ghost of Boeky Wh" an hud presented iteelf as a candidu'e t-> oppuse him that they wot:id have supported i'. He further said the oppooiiion had charged him with ooductirg his election on a (eiie-iaus b'.eis. Hi; simply denied it as ail impiouj false, hood, aud addid was it not likely his • utitrirren and hie c •reliniotiists would chose him in preference to any one else. But aa a pi oof that such was not their rule, what had they doae on the oth' r side of the tiver. Why they had put in cn Iiidtp rd.nt find re. jected Kuight, who had insulted them by classing fvem with the Jetrt; and he, Mt Bilfe, reminded them t'nat Dr. CrJWther «'ii a trien I ot Mr Knight, and as he bad beaten Knight ai HingWough he, l)r. Crowther, and his party had sent down Graves to beat liim; for he wished them to know that it was n it at "the cniinen call of the swamp toft In Mr Graves came down ; tile; were only tools of a par T in town, and weie too ignorant to know it. He tbanfc'd his friends for suppoiting him, nnd wished more especially to thuok Mr Blown, f, r it wi.i to his tiisintereeted exertions tliey owed their pre sprit dt Jiverafc» from men v, h mi he saw showing thrir tee'h like thnrlm ready 'o devour any thing tbat came nrr.r. t)h ! th. hypse- itsy of these leads; tliuy had tried every rnear's to arouse him. Tht-y made it a p notice of walking past him, murmu. ing trnitor, villain, blackguard,—every o'her evil epithet,—but be had conquered thi tn; and he wished his friends to crush them with blows, ond lie in his turn would endeavor to droin the swamps so that th.y would have to leave. He sRaln returned thanks 'o EI:j eh Brown, to whom he proposed three chte s, which were heartily given, alter which Ibe meeting broku up. Ae we were ltavirtg we could not help bein£ struck with Mr Ilnlfo's Ingratitude in net thanking Father Murphy to v.hcm, in our opinion, he owed as much for his election as he does to Elijah Brown, hoping, Sir, thatveu will gi«o this condeneed report and simple expression of opinion a tlace in jour journal. 1 remain, yours, &c.;, AH ElJSCIOB. 