l'ItlIM AT1ltEl I1 1111t.I1.A. The fillowiong article-'" ni tllhe l??nger of IburVinig i(Ipersons iaplllrtly' deaIl," ori!ginlly ll ulishl.d in aI SI:CieNc.' Pil ' lor .?sq~ ", hai hbeen tf 1tlnI 'h 1ed f ir . 3/d n 'i/ ,Morniln Ilerl (I fro/ ' I)(.s A . tslodi, a weekly (Ii'nrio n pi'ilrlifial (1of high .htaiid C ing, published it StuttgiLrt. ' "About two o'clock in the afternoon, on 13th July, 1829, an appalilrently lifeless body vwas drawln up by a hook out of the ' water liear the Bridgc of Arts. It was 1 that of ia brown-haired powerful young 1 1an, 1about ?120 years old; it wIas cold and , coloulrless; his countenanci(3e aniid lips were blown oullt and of blueisih hun3; a )ellow ish cla?niny fn3li3 wlas issuinlg 3fro3 his1 1 noill; the eyes were open, fixed, and I oioiless; his limbs were loose and d ingling. 'Thle beating of his lheart couldl not 1e felt, iandl there was 0no sign of his brealithing. lic lhad beeln a tolern bly longi timiie unllder water, as tile Inere searchl for Ils brody hlad lasted 20 minutes in the presence of Dr. lourgCeois: tllis lphlysieianli, hlowever, notwinthstaniding the snlicers of tle bystanllllers, iroceeded to try to bring back to life that which was in their eyes a lmere, corpse. After a lapse of two or three Ilours, thanks to the stelidfiast perseverance of tIle doctor, who, although powerful and brave, was so overlionie witll exertioll, that at twenty difllerelnt tinlies he was just on the 3point of abanii.doning the attemnlpt,-thl3e unfor tunate 3man returied to life." Is this 3an authentic occlrrence ? It bears Ian old datei; who is thie authlor that nil'rrltes iL? The llutIhor is a distini guishelid ilhysician, whlose 3nnne hails a wide reputation--Air. Inhihia-Grand. To tlis woithy anlld learned practitioiiner belongs the honour of hliiving with iin flaggiig reall directed the p1ublic lattlen tioii to thle danger of initerring people too speedily. Thlree letters whllicll lie ilddressed to the editor of' provincial jourinal-the Orleaniis-lhave Iellaced the question in a1 very clear light; and thley l3have been replrinlted in their entirety in one of the inmost vailuablC of medical periodicals-.iJoniteur des Sciences AIe dricales. In short, the statlement just quoted is related by Dr. Bourgeois, in the medical records. Now' that I have named mny authorities I will imike a further quotation. " W\Vhat would have become of many a drowned person if the devoted phlysician had not remained bent over the inani mal3lte body, if lie had not held his mloutll close above tihe icelke lips, if lie had not been, so to speak, nil eye and ear to real ise the first mlovemclnt, the first rustling of the hleart, null if tllose present had riot, as so often lhappens, given up tile drowned persolns as dead after half ani hour's exertions? The unfortunate crea tures would in that case, Ilave been put into thie grave although they might hIave been brought back to life." Thus far as relates to drowned people: we proceed to speak of thllose who are in a deathlike state ofasphyxia. " At tile further end of a large grocery warehouse, uploll a low and damp ground, a narrow, insecure partition had been put upl , wihlliljvllicll there slept a warehouse clerk, whllo was stationed there to look after the premises at night, and who usually opened the warellouse at one o'clock in the Ilorning. On the 15th of Januanry, 1825, double knocks were heard at the door of the grocer, whoi hearing no one noving in his warehouse, quickly gets up, and, Ingry at the lazi ness of his clerk, and in order to adllin ister a liehiike to himn, enters the chaulber in which the nman is sleeping, 1He finds hinl in bed, motionless and unconsious, and quite insensible. The idea of sad- I den death alarms him. Wi?h all speed lie sends for a phlysician. Tile doctor conjectures thallt fatal sulffoeltion has been I caused by a mepllitic vapour. His im- I pression is corroborated by observing 3an extinguished nightll llmnp snaely placed, I but not supplied with its proper ingre dients, an an iron pan, in wlieh were I some coals that had been nearly reduced t to ashes. Imnnediately lie directs that, 1 in spite of the severely cold wethller, tie t unfortunate 3i0an is to be taken to the e mliddle of tle yard and to be placed as t upright as possible upon a clhair. The t limbs of tile man are still loose, and hang down; his pupils are ihnuloveable; he r shows no ?igns of breathing by the pul-1 sation of either heart or arteries; lie has lo feeling,l and bears all the manrks of i I dead man. Tilhe efforts n3made for the I purpose of restoring coneiousness are continued For a long time without ally I result. At length, about three o'clock in the afternoon, after incessent attention, a dull sound of breathlling is heard in the direction of thile lheart, and few hours Inter the patient again opens his eyes ,re tuLrns to onseniounes1S, anld is lble to I conlverse witll tllose who hald bIeen gathered around llim by the report of hiis wvonderful restoratiol." A man is not therefore to lie pro- I nounced dead because lie shiows all tile cllract.i erisLics of usphyxian , nor because I 1ie las beeil for n certnlin time under tile l water. Hlowr terrible is the tllollgltll tllt I a body whircll it is iltended to albandon I is possibly not a corpse-tlenath being c nupplllrl, only-anId tIIat a skilful and perseveriiig miun ught bring it to life. II.t is uready well-knowv holw much ( 111c1 lUlIst` be )s11 ow)ed upon111 drowned Sor null;1eut people', bole hope h dare be ot, iti ued of j'their reov1ry. Mlr.lllma (iibnd 'onside'rs thal the exertions to resclle fiolr , actual death persons li i Lt tucked with coll'ea, ought to be no less Sindeftlligable. The mlalmes of the two eallilent aullhorities Iay also lie ildded : the learned mI1edical roLfessor Du D l loude (of the Aciadely of Mledic .e), and 1)r. lTraclhez., formierly liospitail physicain in iStrsburg, whoi with Lolde anid (ayoiard, were very siuccessflil it thile tie of thile introdueionu of the choelierai into Poland. l)r. Tlrachlez had observed during the diiissection of a bodly ill the dead rooml at the 1lagetelle hospital at arsawv, lotller boy, thait of a lady fifty years of age, who, after two days' sulflfering, had diedl; the eyes were brighllt and very lively, and the joints flexible; the whllole of the surfce of tile body was, Ilowever, cohl, and it exhlilbited the following phenomellon :--Thle lady was laid upon tile floor of the theatre, and the points of the toes oultwllds. The point of the left foot was Iloved percelptibly ilnwards and thein resuled its. forimier positiolin and this lmovemenut was renewedCl tell or twelve times in the cou1rse of an hour. Thllereliol the right foot partook of tile sn1ine illotiol, but very gently, and after wairds the great toe columenced It suC cession of alternately curvillg and stretch ing mUovemenIIts. Dr. Trachez drew the attention of Mlr. Searle, an English doctor who held ani alllppoitinenlit in the lagatelle llHospital, to this lllphenomenon. Mir. Searle had, as lie said, often oblserved it. 'Tlhelandy was, however, allowed to remnain in the theatre, and fromu tlhence sile was commilttled to the earth. Al. Kohler and several other phylllisicilians assured ulr. 'I'racihez that they had witnessed similar oeclrences, 'These beinlg attested matters of fact, MIr. Tra clhez Ireceeds to say that there is good reason to suppose ltht many persons whl have been attached by cholera have been buried alive. Shall I relate one more circumstance, whlich produced great terror in the town of La Roach, in the Depart mient of Youne ? A lady hlad lost all hler family by cllolera, and "as a length herself attacked by it; she is believed to be dead, but she is only appa rently dead. At the mloment when the ulldertaker's assistant is about to per form her sad office of wrapplig up thle bodly, she healrs a slight breathling n the breast of the sulpposed corpse, which thereupon opens its eyes, and, with frightning voice, calls out to the wollan, " what are you doillg here '? See, I amI not yet deadl;" (An occurrence testifiedl to by I)r. Veyrnt, physician to the Bath ingo Establishmlent at Aix in Savoy.) I lmidht pause here; but I mIust not do so. We ought to iafford some elucidation of the danger, if we would avoid it. I can anticipate an objection that may be raised : these unfortunate cliolera-stricken, suflocated, or drowned persons, who lmigllt be brought back to life by timely assistallnce, woull lnot hlave been wakened in their cohill ; the appariently dead would have become really dead without comiling to any consciousness of their living burial, wihllouit exlperiencing the terrors of Ia second death struggle. I will admit the objections as proved ; but, nevertheless, there remains to the relatives of the deceased this frightful doubt, this harrow ing reflection-" two hours' exertion mighlt have restored hliimi !" Let us proceed a step further in our' enquiries into these subjects. We may nlIltionl the case of a lady who, after being buried, tore ofif her winding sheet and rose out of the grave. A younig gentlewoluln, the Baroness of Armfeld, had arranged for her confinement to take place in the country house of hler fitther, a wealtlhy iron-loulder at Bystadt. Ex llaustedl bIy her labors, she sank under the pain before the aecouncement was finislied. In the meanwhile she was to all nppearance lifeless. No one could detect that her condition was only a temporary fainting, accomipanied by in sensibility. She was proniounced to be dlead, and buried in a famiily vault under the prilcipal altar of the church.ll. As the sexton returns honme at night, lie hears, as lie passes by the church, sighing and wailing, apparently colliuig uLp out of the I earth. He is horror-struck, and believes I lie Ilears a ghost. lie rushes off and re- I iates his adventure to his companions. t The llost courageous venturle to the spot from whence the cries cries proceed; they v hear the words uttered with a weak voice, c "O, God ! mercy ! mercy !" Not one of t them has the courage to enter the I chlurch. A sudden tornor conll:e's them to fight, convinced that what they had 'I Ileard was the cry of some wanderilg v spirit who needed their intercessions. ' 'As oil the following dlay tile sexton en- f tered the church, a horrible siellht pre sented itself:-a lady who lat?'died illn ilving birth to a child, was swlmmingi i I her blood, and holding a dead clid ini I1(r anilll. ThIe ilnlhnnppy young lady had io overed hel conciousness inl tihe co:llu. By .the disco.ery, anlld by tile r, turn of coinisciousness, the pains [eof labotr were ii Sreneweid. In iher doubt as to where sihe was, shie had the strength to push open Sthe covet of her coflln and to come up I vut of the vault. Hecr cries were Ieared Ih by the stupid iinibitants of the village. \- She was htelpless, and died within a short distance of her ither's mansion. Th'lis occ?urrence, which is quoted by s \lr. Ilnlner-Grand, is related by Dr. SMacitillan Kalutiltian, inl a work upon prtemature intermient. I have only abrllidgced the account. A simlilar, but less driamatic lnarrative (ai the person i was rescued), is related in a work by the iiphysician Rigandenux. Towards the Snd of the last half century, at Douiny, a lady who was supposed to have died in tihe pains of childbirth, and who had been t wrapped in burial clothes, was, togethler , with her child, brought back to lif'e. Is f it suflicient answer to say that this took I place a very long time ago, or that rBystadt is very fir froul Paris? Tlhe following is one of the last of Mr. l Hllatu-Gruid's collection of occurrences: \--"On 7th of August, 1857, about the middle of the diay, the body of a man was broughlt into tile Morgue, who as hoe was going over the Point St. Michel, t which at tllat time was being repaired, sultddenly fell down dead. A doctor who 'ound Ilimself amongst the crowd that surrounded the idead man, approached Siear and examined him, and then walked away, observing-' it is an npopletic stroke.' " In the Mlorgue the body was again examinied. It was cold and bore all the marks of dceath from congestion of the I brain. People rummnlnged about his clothes, but they could not find any tilthing which bore Iis iname or address. 'The attendants shrouded the body and laid it upon a slab selected for tile pur i ose, in order tllat the public exhibition of the body migllht lead to its recognition. " After the attendants had finished their work, they retired in order to open the doors of the ilnstitution to the num 1 ber of persons waiting outside, when one of thelt saitd to anothler-' It seems to me t that tile dead nttan has just moved one of his eyes.' And in trutll when they looked they saw the right eye of tile man quite i opeu iand full of living expression; lie tthereuponi shut it suddenly, and opened I the left eye ; then repeatedly both eyes I opened and shut alternately; they re mained at lengtih quite open, and their imllploring expression seemed to say-' I am alive.' One of the attendants ap proached and leaned over the body, and endtleavourrd to uscertain if there was really any action in the lungs. Suddenly the right arml of the body stretched out and seized the arm of the attendant, and Ilell him so fast in the grasp that it was with dilliculty that lie could release him self. "There could he no fuirther doubt as to the ilan's being still alive; so imme diately they carried him away, broughllt him into the saloon, and rubbed him. In a few minutes his limbs lose their stifl'tess and return to their functions; the voice of the supposed dead man comes again, lie speaks and explains that lie is subject to epileptic fits of numbness, du ring which lie has a thorough conscious ness of what is going on around hIm. As is well kown, thlie complaint imparts to the miuscular system as it were a convul sive stilffness, and gives to the person who suffers it the complete appearance of a corpse. " A few minutes later the resuscitated man departed in full' health from the Morgue andi ascended a waggon that was lnear, in order to gratify the curiosity of tile astonislled people." No man is certain that lie will not fall into the water', that sulfocation will not happen to him, that lie will remain free from Cholera, or that epilepsy, orsome other serious ai itnent may not befal himl. No mlan is, therefore, certain that lie may not lie interred while still living, or at auny rate in apparently dead state, given over to actual death beyond the reach of help. In the case both of swooning and catalepsy, tile buried man wakes up and has the contsciousness of his position. I will not attempt to picture the physical and mental tortures of the unlhappy iman, for whom the misfortune of cotming to this terrible end, this death-struggle in the coffinis destined. I will not call up the fantcies and images relattng to another world wllicl are passing before my mind. Dante could realise such descriptions. Thle one who is awakened in so close ani atmtosphllere as that ofan enrth-covered coftil, life cannot be of very lonug dura tion. But .it is of little concern how long the terrible struggle lasts. Such a ieril nmust, it wllnatever cost, be avoided. The work of the learned phtysicant to whvom we Ilave referred was wriften solely ald entirely. witit a view to protect the public against the danger liable front over-hasty itermcents. Is this danger onite to which we tire exposed ? M. Ilaulin-Grand pIllpears to believe so, and iccordilg to hilti freqIueit premature it tertuents take iplace as thie deplortblo coueequence of tle lpractice adlopted by . itainy couttry doctors of readily accept itg wvhat are supposed to be signs of death without taking the precaution of satisfying themselves that death has taken place, and of having the body laid out too soton after the Ilast breath. Very judicious rtegulatiotis have been lhid down for guiding the conduct of the relatives of a deiid person. These are, however, either very little known or are not sufficiently attenided to. A corpse should he left in the position in which it was during the lust mionments of life. A doctor should certify to death but heishould not do this till the signs of death have iegunl to show thLeI?elv es. The swathing iof the body, the enCblmn ing, and the hearsiinI, shollId not Ltke place till twenty-four hours after the departlure of life, hasl boit certified to. Upon thlit point the elninent physician of Orleans says-"Wlhen I aun called in to certify to a death I do not tind the body in the body in the same position as whenl the last bronth was drliwn." Seiarcely is a person dead before those who watch at his bedside seize hold of hlim, wind hil up in linen, and iiiiuediately sew him, his heart yet beating, because they say, if they do not do that the body would be :stiff, and because, in order to wrap him tip, well, they must do it while lie is *warim. But for this revolting precipitancy be coming so universally prevalent, the pos sibility of the danllger of burial alive would not need to be mentioned ; and this consideration justifies the allusion to so impnlortant a inutter, that thereby the danger in .question mayiiiy be thoroughly avoilded. 