A NARRATIVE OF A SHIPWRECK IN TORRES STRAITS ' ON A VOYAGE TO CALCUTTA,. m MS tea* 185*.. By Dr. F. C AKruBA, Superimcmlaxt of the Government Lunatic .Asylum ;. being a series , of Letters to', a titer Friend. Chattey XL At a snort distance from the signal station is the post-office, a very original Bample of architecture ; it consists ot a low dwarf wall roughly thrown up round the sides of a square iron bo* like a small ship's tank laid on its side, with a round hole in the centre. This is the structure. . Inside there is a supply of writing materials, with a sort of ' permiacuous register, as one of the sailors terms it, wherein are noted down the name of every ship and captain that calls, as well as that of say passenger who may be ambitious thus to immortalise his passage through the Straits. Letters deposited in tius safe are quite secure from the effects of the weather. In my frequent peram bulations I am led by instinct, as it were, to Shis place— not, you may be sure, with the ex pec - . tation of receiving letters er news; nevertheless, ' I would rejoice to see even the ghost of a red-Evened \- postman toiling up the rocks and depositing his spectre bag before this humble temple of Fame ; no, but I am led thither from the pleasant emotion which the name so intimately associated with our habits and our whole moral nature excite even at this distance from all social institutions ; thence I stroll to the flagstaff, where I gaze for hours through the clear ether till my eyes become rigid in straining to discover a ship ; or, if the truth were told, perhaps looking to waids Sydney, and attempting, like a true visionary, to penetrate the small arc of the ball which invi diously interposes itself between me and all that is dear to me in life and in death. C wish it were in my power or in the compass of my genius to give you a more agreeable and lively 'de scription of this curious place, on which my wayward destiny has cast me. I am persuaded, if you could examine the moon through a powerful telescope, you would only see this rock magnifieu. It does not seem a part of the globe ; and though time and the ele ments may dissolve it, 1 question whether there is a spot of it that could be operated on by any instru ment of human ingenuity: it is as hard as adamant, and could only he blown up. In a little cave on the beach, with the tide rippling in soft murmurs at my feet, I took up my abode the first night. The air is mild and sweet, and a breeze gentle as the wing of a young zephyr fanned my temples ; the pale silvery face of the moon hung over the water like a protecting angel, and the mellow light blue of the sky, with the brilliant twinkling of the suit, seemed to flow from heT shoulders like an *2U re mantle spangled with diamonds. In such a lovely scene, graced with a few warm tints from the transmuting pencil of fancy, 1 could not sleep, but thought of home till the dew on my 'thin robe' re minded me tbatl am subject to ihcumatism ; and not daring to hazard all the delights of sleeping alfreico, I wrapped myself in two folds of my friendly blanket, and gradually locking up my senses I retired from all external things, and enjoyed a night of tranquil and profound Bleep, followed up with pleas ing dreams. You may judge, then, in my present plight, How dear to mo the hour nbrii daylight dif-s, And cuntraniK molt along thn wa ; ypr tbm Rwnrt dream* of olbrr day# arixo, And memory brcalbcu Iht votipcr r-ipli to thee. On examining the cavern which contains the stores humanely sent out annually by the Government of New South Wales for tbe relief and maintenance of people shipwrecked in Torres Strait, we found a quantity of coarse brown biscuit of various ages, sizes, manu facture sad material, and a cask or two of salt beef and pork, about a dozen cases of preserved meats, one cask of water and another of water mixed with vinegar. Everything is thrown together without care or the remotest view to its preservation, by which great loss is sustained, and perhaps on some occasions painful disappointment to forced visitors like our selves. All who have been obliged to visit this island and participate of these special mercies will bless with sentiments of deep gratitude the benevolence and ' forethought of the donors, but it would be impossible to convince any one that the depositors of these donations deserve even the form of thanks ; the goods have been thrown into the repository in so disorderly and careless a manner that they would appear to be as benefieia viscosa, or gifts of unwilling charity rather than the rights of humanity. This seems to me to be the pro per place — and I hope you will read this remark to your Sydney mercantile friends, to appeal to their conscience by way of query, whether they do not feel it to be a bounden duty devolving on them by the nature of their transactions, and their dependence on the success of maritime adventures, not only to con tribute a share annually or biennially or even as often as one of their . ships passes that way, towards keeping up a supply of provisions in these capacious natural storehouses with a better quality of food ; and to take measures to have them stowed with more system and security ? In one of the caves there is almost sufficient beef to provide a ship's crew on a moderate voyage lying rotting among tbe stones on the floor, and rendered perfectly useless through its position, the weather, and the want of casks. I am fully warranted in asserting, from my experience and observation here, that were it not for the provident contributions of humane strangers passing this way, there would not be half sufficient amount of water or provisions for one ordi nary crew obliged either to remain on the island for five or six months, or proceed to Timor or J ava in boats. Had ours happened to be unseaworthv, mid should we be compelled by necessity to remain on tne rock during the prevalence of the north-west mon soon till the season returns to permit ships to pass this way, the one-half of us will be necessitated to eat the other before the end of three months, sup posing there is no want of water. A few tanks, therefore, such as those used in emigrant vessels, kept full of fresh water, and a dozen casks of really fresh biscuits, — not old ship's biscuit submitted a second time to the purifying influ ence of the oven, 6ent out the beginning of every sea son, and deposited safely and securely from damp, with a proportion of. salt provisions, ana, in case of in valids, two or three dozen tins of preserved meats end . vegetables, also. a few thousand nails of various sorts, a hammer or two, an axe, adze, gimlets, two or three ?mall spars, boats' rudders, some thread, and auy other useful articles, would be only what is due to ' humanity, and to the mea who fearlessly brave every danger, and frequently suffer every form of distress, for those whose fortunes are founded on the risks, sufferings, privations, ingenuity, and invincible fortitude of the mere seaman. It is not enough to say a seaman is paid for all his services by his wages. A sense of justice, and a good con science, will dictate something more when it is wanted. I am writing these observations in one of the caves, secure from the fierce rays of a vertical sun ; my table is a slab of granite, on which rests my small writing desk ; my seat is a flat stone, covered with soft dry ?esgrass; and having fortunately a good share of ?writing materials, I am as comfortable as if I were in a palace. I am not without music in its way ; the screams of the seafowl outside being a melange ot all the various notes, grave and shrill, of the different species of .gulls, gannets, boobies, &c.;, Ac., form a very ex .citing concert ; but there is one small sharp andshort aoreeeh, which drowns all tbe rest, and by one igno arant of Its source would be mistaken for the yelp of a small terrier— it never ceases barking, for that la the proper term. Indeed, all these sounds are incessant, ana at first they were so harsh and disagreeable that I could not compose myself to the slightest mental employment ; but I have already overcome the an noyance, and while communicating with you, no discord ruffles the placid tenor of my thoughts. I only fear you will think me tediois and discover that like the racehorse, I run the faster the lees weight I carry. But, in the present case, you juugc ciuuiioui), nuu oeor in mina cast a am literally in a prison from which I cannot escape ; and eince the plaoe is so confined as to extent and objects of ? interest, I already knew every circumstance of its character, except its birth, it affords me very little bedily exercise or mental recreation. There is here the same dull uniformity as in a ship without auy of the ordinary comforts and advantages to be found in the worst equipped craft. Scribbling, therefore, is my «nly pastime and solace ; for whilst 1 am thus oc cupied I can imagine myself convening with yon and making you a participator in all the mishaps which 'I saw, and part of which I was.' Hence, after my devious strolls over the island, and my visits to the poet office, my daily parley witn you is become an essential element of my existence. Like Boniface , with his ale, I sleep on my goBsip, end live upon my , gossip, and the most exquisite cruelty that could be inflicted ou me would be to take this spoke out of the wheel of my destiny. As long as my relations with this solitary isle continued, I would indeed be the— lliipkw man, the remnant of a wreck Cart on aoroc desert Eland of that niuin Diuncnrc, which etrctchesfrom the Cochin shore To Acapuleo. Motionless he sits Asin the rock his seat, sarins whole days With wondering cycaU o'er the watery waste. Now striving to hclicte thealbwioss A auil appearing on th' Iwrizou'a V crgc, Now vowing ne'er '.o cherish oUk r liojtc ThcnhopcoJ death- — ? — — ? ? . One 'of the seamen of an inquisitive temperament, who hsd been rambling about the island, 'lias returned to announce his discovery of a well of fresh water. This is a very welcome and fortunate incident, if true, and will enable ua to delay here a day or so longer in order to refit and fill our little water kegs. But notwithstanding these apparent advantages I cap not help returning to the dismal prospect that libs before u# if no ship should call and take us on to some port. A reasonable fear begins to pervade the com panythut it is too late iu the season for vessels to pass in this direction. I have cause to believe that such has been the general impression for some time past ; but each clings with instinctive attachment to the hope of rescue, because it is the dominating wish of every heart. An excusable curiosity led me a third time tins day up the cliffs in spite of much weakness and fatigue, to examine for myBelf the reputed wells, the quality of the water and their capacity. There are two of them near each other, and they appear to be deep natural vertical bores in the rock, but they are almost filled up with ailt washed in by the rain probably for countless ages, A sailor is busy with part of an old shovel in taking out the mud ; the water oozes through and increases in quantity as the soil diminishes ; end there is already a bucketful or two to begin filling with. He is to continue his useful labours until there is sufficient to supply all the water breakers, if enough can be procured : but the work is both slow and tedious without suitable tools. The watdr is sweet, though it is almost as thick as gruel. The men are actively occupied in forwarding the necessary operations for departure. Some are repair ing the boats, and fitting them better for equilly weather and rough seas ; some are filling the kegi, and others bringing^ them to the boats by lowering them over a piccipice, which ia a laborious and dangerous process ; and the preparations generally are carried forward with the utmost eagerness by everyone able to take a part in them, in order that we may be in a position to depart some whither not yet determined on, as quickly as prudence and harmony of opinions will permit ; for as we nearly sdl feel alike there remains no longer any delicacy in openly expressing our several senuments on the inexorable necessity of despatch : all agree in the peril and absurdity of lengthened delay. Yet you may well beUeve that the exigency of committing ourselves to the waves in these Bmoll launches to search for some friendly port, or other means of rescue is not an under taking we can contemplate without a degree of mis giving and reasonable fear : but do it we must or siattc ; aim me ocean naa no aeaia so tertiDie as starvation, especially from want of water. However, our *' spirits lean On God,' and denying strength from this greatest of all support we are resolved and reedy to take the water in washing tubs rather than spend more time in this kind of inglorious suspense. ** - — imr !iatc a jol of h*art nnd hope, Hut t-tiJI tour up, und Kccr ripht onwards.' In the meantime, while the preparations are pro ceeding, I find myself again in my little temple, pen in hand, paying my devotions to the genii of my hearth ; and pouring out my ink in prosy details con cerning tbe sad mialortunas which Defel'poor Troglo dites, who sleeps on the ehingiy beach in the wonder ful Island of Noddies, where he finds the sand on the shore to be more compact and flinty than the loose drift at Caimcross, on which he slept comparatively sound and easy. You must allow me to complain a little of my rocky couch. A short grumble is salutary and re lieves the spleen. I avoid it as much as possible. I do not forget the French proverb — beaucoup de mal, Cde bruit ; beaucoup de bruit, peu de mai. My es have now no other cushion than the attenuated akin stretched over them like the scrannel hide of a dried ape ; consequently my sleep last night was dis turbed ana unrefreshing, Perhaps, I ought rather to attribute this discomfort to the heavy indigestible food I am obliged to eat ; for the palpitation in tolerant of repose, seldom allows my slumbers to be too long or too profound. I bathed last evening with a few others in tnese a and swam a short distance the first time for many years ; and though in the im mediate vicinity of sharks, we enjoyed the exercise as voluptuously us children, and as heedlessly as if sharks were minnows. I was both, refreshed and strengthened by the exhilarating exercise, and I in tend to repeat it as often as opportunity offers. So much for self. A conference was held last night by the two masters, the two chief mates and myself. The questions were— how soon to depart' and where to go. The second was soon re solved by an examination of the charts. The Swan River and Shark's Bay are thousands of miles off, and, therefore, to be excluded from the category of choices. The island of Timor, one of tbe lesser Sunda isles, ia about 1200 miles distant trom our present station, in a piratical and cannibal neigh bourhood ; and though' after Fort Essington, ou the north coast of Australia, it is the most civilized place we can think of, it is considered in the meantime that a run thither wouid be for too formidable an undertaking in boats. Necessity, then, confines our selection to Port Essington, and Melville Island, in its neighbour hood, which are computed to be about five hundred miles from Booby Island ; and when we start, as we shall have on board about eight days' very stinted supply of water, or at the rate of three half pints daily to each individual, for we have reason to believe, we can, under ordinary circumstances, reach either of these settlements in less than that time, it is concluded that we shall make for Port Essington first : for even if the place he abandoned, we are sure at all events of finding water. with respect to the question as to the tune for embarking, the majority though agreed on, the exigency of expedition, reasonably require to sleep a night upon it, notwithstanding some very urgent reasons which have transpired since yesterday to accelerate our departure ; therefore, I trust Captain Steady who is the only one desirous of remaining a few days longer in the vanishing expectation of a vessel passing through the Strait, late as the season is, will yield to the force of necessity and number, end coincide in the general wish to leave immediately. The men have nearly finished their preparation, and the task of puttingjtha boats in better plight to encounter the casualties of a run across the Gulf of Carpentaria is complete and the work satisfactory. AVe are all full of nope and confidence in the un ceasing protection of God's good Providence ; and we are only anxious for the hour when we are to proceed while the wind continues favourable, tor we cannot rely much longer on un interrupted good weather or the constancy of the winds. We are already at the utmost limit of the south-east trade, and the sun having been several days in southern declination, tbe forec and regularity of the breeze have nearly ceased ; it will be inconstant for some time, and the weather liable to sudden and disagreeable changes. At pre sent it continues propitious, and this of itself is a sufficiently pressing motive for hastening eur depar ture. But there is another cause no less urgent. Five of the crew of the Antelope, and one of the Fawn have, after many private consultations among themselves for the last twenty. four hours, oome to tbe determination to remain on the island till next spring, if no ship should pass to take them up before tbe return of that season. No persuasion can induce them to alter their minds oh this paint; and, cen sidering all the circumstances operating on their will, I am not surprised at their decision. The poor creature belonging to the Sultana's boat is entirely insane, and the same causes which actuate the others have no influence on him ; he has taken the fanoy to stay, and that is sufficient reason to him for thus in dulging his humour. His name is B ? ; he was under my charge fer insanity some years ago snd recovered ; but I suspect the late mishaps and hard ships have brought on a relapse. It is sttange I should meet with him for the first time since his restoration, under these circumstances. After what I have communicated to you in former entries, it will not surprise you to learn that I also have made up my mina to leave my present com panions, and either stop on this island, now that there ia a prospect of company, or take my passage with Captain Steady for tbe rest of the voyage, whatever may be its length or destination. With much phy sical suffering end oppressive weakness, I have had a larger share sf mental distress and annoyance in this boat than ought to have fallen to my snare. I am, therefore, driven almost against my convictions of safety to make a change — whatever it may turn out it can hardly be for the worse. There are bounds even to forbearance. Six o'clock p.m., October 0. — Since writing the above, I have disclosed to Captain Steady my ultima tum, end requested him to give me a seat in his beat, which of course I would prefer to staying on the ClWitS IM uc CtiKII Ui CvM V E I CUAVA UC HiW AlllUiy consented to take me whithersoever Providence may direct. This disposes of my rather romantic but compulsory resolution in the most agreeable way I .could have desired. Previous to my appealing to Captain Steady, and immediately after I had resolved to take my chanoe on the island, should I be yefiieed a pssBagc in his boat, I thought it onlv due to Mrs. Grimm, to inform her of the unalterable decision I bud come to, not to proceed a step farther in her husband's boat, where, ever since my refusal to become keepci of his money, he had taken the most unmanly advantage of my age and illness to insult me. She tried all her natural eloquence to induce me to alter my mind, but without effect, She then confessed that she could not blame me for my resolution, but prayed that I would at once abandon the horrid thought of staying on the island, and undertook to in duce Captain Steady to give me a passage at all risks. I could stand the contest no longer, lor she was in tears, snd I left her deploring the vile habit which had so altered her husband's conduct and disposition. 1 then ascended to the summit of the island, looking about with no enviable thoughts for the most conve nient recess, to spend the eeason es remote sis possible from the men, who were to form the society in which I should have to mingle. After spending an hour wandering about and musing on tbe extraordinary snd sudden changes of fortune to which all are equally liable, I was returning bcachward, when I metGrimm, who accosted me by saying he had been in Bcarch of me for some time, and his object was to express his deep repel at his conduct towards me, and hoped 1 would not attempt to carry into effect my intention to leave his boat. My answer was very brief. I said his excuse came almost too late, at any rate it was too late to alter my purpose, either one way or ether ; end that to make it worth accepting he ought to have reserved his apology till he had the opportunity of expressing it in the presence of his crew, before whom he had always seemed to glory in the melancholy triumph of insulting an aged man, whose state of health alone gave him the warrant for his cowardice ; but I would not act on his principle; I would accept his regrets now that he tclt the effects of his poltroonery. I would not exact this humiliation in public, chiefly on account of his amiable wife, whose presence had prevented me from resenting his dastardly conduct at the first ex plosion of it, notwithstanding his youth, and my age and weakness. I recommended him to forswear his detestable and debasing habits, and be mote careful of his character, which was not al together unknown to me hefoie I left Sydney. I then left him and returned to the beach to learn what I have already imparted to you respecting my passsgc in the Fawn's boat. AVithout waiting to sleep on the main question under consideration, it is universally agreed that we leave the island as late to-morrow evening as we can afford to stay, in order to take the lust chance of a ship passing the island. But as I have repeatedly observed, we really entertain no hope of so desirable an incident at this'advanced period of the season. The heat here ia almost intolerable during the day, yet the island upon the whole must be very healthy, on account of the dryness of the soil and the softness and purity of the air. But, healthy though it be, I begin to feel the relaxing effects of the climate, which, in addition to the very coarse quality of the food, renders me exceedingly uncomfortable. The palpi tations attack me in severe paroxysms Borne houtB of every night, and I am weak, nervous, and so shaky as to be nearly unable to write these observations. I have not seen any animals indigenous to the island except the birds and insects formerly mentioned. In rambling through the little thicket of tangled under wood, I startled both myself end a beautiful jungle fowl, which fluttered away and hid herself in a remote part of the gorge. It must have found itB way hither somehow from the Australian continent, or from Prince of 'Wales Island— a place of considerable extent lying between New Holland and this rock. There was also a solitary goat, which, until our arrival, had been ' monarch of all he surveyed.' He appears to have had plenty to eat, for he was sleek, fat, and portly. He had probably been left there with others of his kind as an experiment by some wellin tentioned visitor. He was alone when we arrived, and though deserted by all the werld he did not appear dissatisfied with his condition, or weary of life ; and when any of us approached his lair at the lee-side of a boulder, he darted off among the crags like a chamois, showing that the world was still dear to him even in the solitude and desolation of exile. Our savage leaders have cruelly and wantonly shot him ! I say wantonly and therefore cruelly, because there is abundance of beef and pork for all our demands while here, and we -can take none with us, having no means of cooling it on board, and as for fresh meat we had just sacrificed our two starving goats which made a sort of a meal for the two crews. There was then really no neces. sity for taking the life of this poor exile. I regret his death exceedingly. I am neither a phytophagous Brahmin, nor puling sentimentalist ; but I naturally abhor the wanton effusion of blood. The man of re finement boasts of his delicacy, his humanity, and the advantages of his high civilisation, and his feelings are so exquisitely wiredrawn that he Die £ of a rose in aromatic pain. He sickens you with his frothy sensibilities, and his charities, and bis thousand and one susceptibilities ; but he wsnts the quality of mercy. 'Iu seeking amusement or pastime he wades' to his object through the warm blood of God's most harmless creatures. Boobv Island, latitude sonth 10.35. 6th October, 1854\. ' ________ 