HAMILTON. [From oar own Correspondent. I Hamilton. .T»1r f) laving in tbe very midst of an agricultural dis trict, 1 fed great pleasure in informing you that the state of the weather since beginning of the winter has pleased every one, with the exception, perhaps, of a few travellers. Sough blasts and fine weather, sunshine and nun alternately, contribute to envelope the country, in verdure, and make the crops spring up fast and strong. Even that mys terious being; .the walking-ghost of country cor respondents, "our oldest inhabitant," appears to be satisfied, and does not remember having seen a .finer season. Our cockatoo farmers, too,arc maw on accountofthe beautiful season, and take s high flight on fancy's wings. But aiTacute Observer might find a few natural iearestcdingdown their smiling riieelm onaccOunt.of the low wheat price. Our main-road is still in 'a miserable condition, thanks to the Central Boad Bo'bth t^hele;»^ms to he no eTmnep; for tfaehetter until .the weather. ■ - * ■* '— -Win. diy up the swamps," The W allaroo fever is still raging in our neigh-, bourhood, particularly, in Kapnnrin. JPhis curious disease has some very puzzling symptoms about it:1 for instance, it deprives many people of tlic power ofsound and correct reasoning, makes many throw up a comfortable employment to hunt a slindow at Wallaroo—soon to return sadly disappointed. The examination of our Hamilton School came off a few days ago in a manner reflecting great credit Ikj'Ji on the instructor and the children. The attendance of children was very f3ir, in spite of the evil habit of some parents who keep their children away from school at certain times every year. The intellectual progress made by the chil dren was not to be mistaken; in mental arithmetic and geography particularly, it was pleasant to be hold the readiness and quickness of answers. I trust sincerely that the inhabiiauts of Hamilton and its iH'iphlwHirbiioil will supiiort our school properly smre it li:u got n fair Mart, and never forget what a heavy mid often thankless task a schoolmaster has before him alien exerting himself to transform a Jot of stub)torn children into reasonable and well behaved beings. 