M IS C É Ir Ii A NEÖ V S. \- TITK HAIR Twos:,-A. tall dark-cornploxioncdnian, named Loton Lucas, described aa a bricklayer, was brought up nt Thuinos-strcct, on Monday, charged with stealing Bixponco undor very singular clrcuniBlimocs. Tryphrcn Niner, n young womnn in Hie són ico of her father, who keens au oil and colour shop at No. '47, High street, Shadwell, and a baker's shop nox,t door, said tho prisoner carno into tho oil shop, in wln'eh BIIO ivas serv- ing, after tho gas wns lighted on Saturday night, and nsked for a pennyworth of soap, with which she supplied him, and ho put down a sixpence on tho counter, and shu returned him ilvoponco chango. He Ihoii asked her if she Bold shot, und sho replied in tho negativo. Ho next nsked Uer for a farthing's worth of snit, mid ns BIIO was nbout to weigh il out, said, "Never mind, givo mo n half- pennyworth," Sho weighed tho salt, nnd handed it to him, and ho gave her a penny. Sho lind to give him a half-penny Chinge, mid to do so opened tho till, when tho sixpence, tho only silver in tho till mysteriously dis- appeared. II o loft the shop iminedintclyi nnd sho sud- denly recollected ho was the samo man who had robbed hor father before, and went after him. Tho prisoner wont into the next shop, in which her father was serving, and was about to ask for somothihg, when she called out, " Father, father, hero's tho man with a sixponco with a hair to it ; he luis taken it out of tho lill." Tho prisoner immediately ran away ¡ but ho was followed and over- taken.-Mr. Yardley : Hut tho drawer of tho till was quito closed after you put tho eixponco in it. How on enrtli, then, could ho get tho sixpouco out without putting his fingers in ?-Miss Ninor : Very ensily, Sir. Thoro was a huir nttnehed to tho sixponco, One end of whioh: romnincd in his band, and when I oponed tho till n' second time to gi va him a halfpenny, ho bogan talking,1 and the sixponco wont out of tho shop along with him. Mr. Livingstone (chief ushor)horo put tho sixpenco on the magistrate's desk, and drow it olf again by a very fine lfelit hair about four feet loner, ono end of which wns iirmlv attached to tho sixpence.- Mr. "Yardley: Oh, I soo. It is a most ingenious pioco ofroguory. Tho hair ivould bo soavcoly discernible br gas-light over a countor. Mr Ninci- said tho prisoner first bogan to patroniso him two years ago, mid carno almost ovory night, tendering a shil- ling or a sixpence in payment of sonio trilling purchase, but tho silver he laid out somehow or other always dis- appeared with him. At last ho discovered tho hnir trick, about eighteen months ago, and the prisonor norer came back again till last Saturday night. Several other shop- keepers pavo similar evidence. Mr Cooke, a baker, of Dovonslure-ploce, Comniorcinl-road East, saids your worship, I know tho prisonor well. He paid mo a hun- dred visits nt least, commencing three months beforo Christinas Inst, and ending ono month afterwards. He used to come into my shop regularly every night, carry- ing that brass tubo which was taken from him on Satur- day night. I know-nt least, I have good reason to be- lieve-ho got change for 2s. ovory night, mid took the samo 2s. away with him. Ho used to flourish tho brass tube, ask for a penny loaf, nnd put down ls. Just as I was getting the change ho would ask for something else, which compelled nie to turu my back, and that would give him nn opportunity of abstracting tho shilling ¡from tho till if ho lind n hnir fnstoncd to it. . Ho would then put down tho same shilling a second time, mid when ho got tho chango ask for another pennyworth of brood, and extractthcshillingfroinlhotill asoeondtiino whilo my back wns turned. Ho always had n bundle with him, which ho placed boforo him on tho countor to facilitate his.operations, and hod such odd ways that 1 thought ho had a looso tilo.-Mr Xnrdloy: A loose tilo! ííx plnin that metaphor.-Mr. Cooke ¡ I thought ho was cracked (houghtor). Wo used to call him "the man with tho looso tilo"-(Inorenscd laughter)-until I foiuid out tho trick, and detected n shilling moving out of my till with n hair to it. Tho noxt night I had a policeman and a strong mun hi readiness to secure him, but ho did not como. On tho following night ho did como. My ghi was cautioned mid on tho alert, and sho put tho shil- ling with hair fastened to it on tho counter, nnd the end of tho hair reeled off tho brass tubo. Tho prisoner know he was found out, nnd never como afterwards. After a long investigation tho prisoner was fully com- mitted for trial. - ANTIDOTS AOAINST SNAKE POISON.-A meeting was licld nt tho. Criterion'Ilotol, on Monday evening, to af- ford an opportunity lo Mr Shires of testing tho ollïcnoy of an antidote which'lie'liss prcpnrcd for curing snnkc -bites, and which is nUo steted lo bo equally useful as nn antidote to vnrious>'linds of poison, strychnine included. Tho room was very full. Mr O'Kecfe, the Clerk of tho Court, was requested to sit on tho platform losco that tho experiments were conducted fairly. Mr Shires com- menced by taking out two small snakes (tho ono a tiger and tho oilier n diamond snake), wlu'oh ho handled ns carelessly «s if they wore two pieces of! rope. - Having played with them for. a short time on tho'labio he thou slung them across, his-; nose, finally placing them inside his flannel shirt.- lt was. enough to mnko any ono's blood run cold to soo this innu plnco reptiles (a bite from which lins hitherto boen considered so dangerous, and which lins in many cases resulted in death) in a position whero tho warmth of his body was calculated to rouso them into full activity. Il is thus plain that whatever opinion tho publio may huvo of tho antidote, Air Shires' faith in it is unbounded. Ho noxt introduced a large tiger bunko, which could not hare measured less limn fivo feet. After showing it to tho company ho placed it in n box, as ho did not iutend to let it bite that evening, his business lying with tho small fry. A dog was then in- troduced, and a small tiger snake nllowcd to bite him on tho nose, and, ns thoso present oxprcssod a wish that the antidote should not bu applied, his fnto was sealed. A cock and hen wore next placed on tho table, and thosnmo siinko allowed to apply his fnngs to both, tho cock being bitten first. Tho coiitpnny wished the antidote used in tho caso of tho latter-thuB nlfording him n chnnco of nguiu crowing on Iiis own dunghill. Tho hen, in 25 minutes'time, not showing any signs of giving up tho ghost, and Mr O'Keofej stating Hint ho did not consider thal thc snnko had bitten lier fairly, a wish was nt oncu expressed that thc snnko should be ngain applied, which was dono. In sereu or eight minutes she begun to show evident signs of tho poisdn; rind in IB minutos died, thc cock tit this tinio looking quito, lively. Tho dog, who lind boon dozing away ut tho back of tho platform not much ndticed, now attracted attention ¡ ho showed evident sigiiB of being in pniu.. '...¡Iti bcing now nbout ten o'clock, tho meeting separated,-tiiet dog mid tho cock hoing locked up under tilo charlo of Mr J aitkins, tho landlord of. tho hotel, nnd on enquiry next inornbig I found Hint tho dog diod about two hours fram tho timo ho wns bitten, mid that tho cdCk wds nil nlivo and kicking: Tho experi- ments wove thorefdro eatisfóctory. I may slate that Mr Shiros showed a' pliico on his noso who^o ho had been billon oii tilo previous Friday by the'sanlo 6iiakewith which tho experiments were made, mid that thu applica cntion of tho uutiddte suved lum from fooling tho effects of the bile. Mr Joiikihs also said that lie saw thc anti- doto mnde in his own house ; that it was composed en- tirely of herbs, and Unit ho immediately put il in a bottle and souled it. Tho seal wns not broken until tho anti- doto wns required to npply lo tho wounds made that cvoniog ; noithcr lind tho lioldo beoii out of his posses- sion. It is intended, I "boliovb, to form a committee, undor whoso direction still irnoro satisfactory trials may bo mnde.- Guiclien Sn» correspondent rt/ tim Observer. IiADY I'ltANKr-lN'.-Everybody must admit that Lady Franklin is not only nu ainiublo, but a strong-minded woman ; yet wo huvo lienrd nu anecdote df hoi-"sensibi- lity which is deeply affecting. . A short linio sinco, when lier ladyship was .waiting most anxiously to learn-tho fate of tho bravo ntnn .silo hud dcsputchedWn Scnroh of , her husband, she felt ill, mid a cdnsultatidn of physicians [ wns hold at her rosidonco. .Ono of Ihoso gentlemen, whilst ho felt her pulse, leggdd her ladyship would open, her limul. Her frequent -refusals .occasioned him ''so much disappointment in nséertáiiiiiig tho' precise stuto 6f -her fever, that he took tho liberty gently td expand tho fingers, nnd ho thon porcoived thiit they wore grasping a small litinialuro of Sir Jolui. " Jfadarri," cxclaitUed thc gontlo'nian, -with deep sympathy, " my prcscrip'tidif must bo Unavailing if you dre determined to koop beforo your eyes an dbjcot which, although deservedly dear to you, serves only.to confirm the violonoo of your distressing symptoms," " Sir," replied tho lidblo; woninn, " this picturo 1ms boen my sole comforter over siiico tho de parturd of ruy husband, and lam determined it shall bc mscparablo uiitiL, if ho be dead, I am so happy as to drop after him into tho grave."- Court Circular. TUE IMPORTANCE di'. POKCTOÁLITI'.-Method is the very bingo of business j rind thora' is no method with- out punctuality. Punctuality ia. imporfant, becnuso it promotes the peaco and good teuipor. of ,a family. ' 'Die'. -want of it not only iiilriiigcs Cn lioecssnry duty, but somotbiics oxcludcs this duty; . Tho calmness of m ind which it produces is another àdymitngo. of punctuality. A disorderly niau is always in a hurry ¡' ho has no limo lo speak; td yod be'enuso ho is going olsowhoro ¡ ' nnd; when lia gets there ho is Ino late fdr His business, or ho must hurry awny to riiiothor before ho cnn finish it. Punctuality gives weight'to chnraeterj , "Such n mun has mndo an appointment-ttion I know ho will .keep it."- And this générâtes punctuality in you j for, tike othor virtues' it propagates itself. Sorvimts and children must bo punctual when their leaders aro so.- Appoint- ments, indeed, become debts. I owe you'punctuality, if I hnvri Hindu an appointment' willi you) mid liaré, no' ri »lit Ut throw away your limo, if I do my omi.-Old .Toiiathtin. MÁTnittÓKr.--A'olersymori,,\vh'o had iii, tho lottery of matrimony drawn- a shaw that proved to him worse thalia blank, Was just experiencing a sovorb. scolding from his Xoiitippo, whcii ho wns called to unite a pair in tho blessed etnto of wedlock. Tho poor priost, actuatod by his own feelings nnd oxpàricnbo, Tallier than by a sonso of his canonical duty, ononcd tho book and bogan, "Mon Hint ¡5 bom of a woninn hath but n short time to live, mid Í3 full of trouble," &e;, repenting o pnrt of tho burial service Tho astonished bridegroom exclaimed, " Sir, sir, you niistitko-I enmo hero to bo married, not buried."-"'Well !" replied tho clorgynian, " if you -in- sist on it, I nm obliged lo 'marry you, but believe mo, my friend, you lind belter bo buried." ."-?'.'<-.' An Àniericnn editor thus p'Uts a period to all doubt concerning tho phenomena of spiritual Kippings :-" Tho only Imo and legitimnto ninnnor of accounting for the mps is tho physiological defects of tho membraneous system.. Tho obtuseness of tho abdominal indication causes the cartilaginous compression to coagulate into tho - diaphragm, and depresses the duodenum into tho ftan dnngo. Kow, if the rnps wera caused by Ibo rotation of tho electricity from tho extremities, tho tympununi would also rovolvo into spiritual ilnctnm, nnd tho olfac- tory would foment and bocómo idéntica! with tho piginou tuni; Kow .this is not tho caso ; in order to produco raps the spiritual rotendum must bo elevated down to Ibo spiritual Bpero. But, as. we enid beforo, the inferior ligaments must not subtend over tho dignitofum suffi- ciently lo disorganise tho stovicutum." After this, who on,, VlniiK* p l'ÁDBv tort Eran.-Twp Scotch gentlemen hulling from Xongholin wero ldtely on n visit tb the Emerald Islo, end, visiting Dublin in their tour, they ono ovening J left tho hotel'on nn oxploring expedition to. seo tho beau- ties, as fur as gaslight would let them, of the swcot city, j líóvb'r having been in thnt region before, and being un ' ncquninted with tho lntiludo arid longitude of the place, our friends soon got benighted and lost thoir way.; After wandoring about for a considerable tune, they nt last re- solved ns tho surest and most.expeditious way of solving thoir difllcidty, to hire h cor. Accordingly forward they went to tho driver of ono, and asked, ''Well, Paddy, what Will yo take to drivo us to -:-: ITotel." " Five shillings, yor"honor," answored Paddy." "Ah, that's too much ¡ you must do it foi* loss." After hard battling, it was intimately agreed that holf-nrcrown should bo tho faro. So Paddy, making sure of thc cash, told them td "git in," and then coolly walked them across to the op; pósito eido of tho street* whero the hotîl was, to tho nii email mortification and nniuscmont of our tourists, who were scarcely propared to.Und themselves in such cloao proximity to tho placo "of their nbo'do. . A QUIET KIOHT AT AN AUSTJIAMAK INK.-And then wo wont to bed. But riot to sleep-oh dear no ! .1 was in bed nt n quarter beforo eleven. At eleven two dogs had n ditforenco of opinion tinder my window ; they walked up arid down, growling, till, its hear OB I omi guess, a qunrtcr-past elovon, when thor departed without fighting, nt which I was sorry. At linlf-pnet eleven (I movcly give you nn approximation ns to timo j I did not look nt my watch), a drunken mun fell into tho gutter, nnd, on being helped out by another man, pitched inte him snvngelr. They fought three rounds, and exeunt. At twelve, the bar was cleared, and a gentleman of tho name of Bob was found lo b.o unequal to the occasion, and lay down in thc mud, pulling ri wheelbarrow over him, under" tho impression thnt it was tho bed clothes. Bob's mntes foll out ns to a score nt tho blacksmith's-for sharpening gads. Fight, and grand ialleau-exeunt. At half-past twelve, u drunken Irishwoman was conducted home by two policemen ; oh reaching my window she declined to proceed on any terms whatever, nhd committed n series of savngo assaults on the constabulary. At oho, n gen- tleman over tho wny came out of his house, and without notice or apparent reason, discharged a six-barrelled re- volver j whiuli reminded another, neighbour tluit ho might as well lot oif n two-barrelled fowling pieco ¡ which caused a third neighbour lo come but and swear nt the nflim- twn "like a Irrtoner.-Afanmi/tall's JWnoauhie. AtAitsiiN» IJÍTELÍIOEXCE.-An old woman who livocí near the frontier darius tho last wnr with Atnoricn, and who possessed a marvellous propensity to leam tho nows; used frequently lo rriáltc inquirios of "tho. soldiers. On ono occasion she called to ono' of them whom she had frequently saluted before-" Whnt's tho news ?" " Why, woman," enid ho, " tho Indians hnvo fixed a crowbar under Laka Urie, and aro going to turn it over nnd drown the world.'.'-"Oh nloroyl what shrill I doP" sho oxclaimcd ¡ and away sho ran to tell her neighbours of . tho danger, and inquire of tho minister how such a cala- mity could be averted, " Why," said he, " yoil need not bo alarmed-wo havo our Maker's promiso thnt Ho will not ngnin destroy tho world by water."-"f know that," replied t he^old lady hnstlly, " ho's nothing to do with it -it's thom plaguy Indians !" An Irishman used to como, homo often drunk, mid once when ho was watering his horse, his wife said lo him, " N"ow Paddy, is not that basto nu example to ye j don't you see he laves oh" when ho has enough, tho cray tur! ho's tho most sensible bnste of tho two."-Oh, it's vorywoll to ¿IÍHCOOISO liko that, Biddy," cried Paddy," but if thoro was nnothor horso nt tho other side of the trough to say-" Horo's your health, my ould boy ! would ho stop till ho drimk tho wholo trough tliink ye?" KQTJIKE QUAIIFIPATIONS.-A limn was onco celling ahorse, 'Tho would-bo purclinser enquiring ns lo hi.i leaping powers, nsked-" Would ho tako timber V" '* ifo'd jump over yóúr head," unswerod the other, " I don't know what yob call that." A Indy onco complained to her doctor that she co-aid scarcely "brent he. "Don't try, my good soul," replied thc candid physician ; " nobody wants you to do il. Tho reason why whales frequent tho nrctic BOS Í9, pro- bably, boCadses they supply tito " Northern lights" with oil. 