GHOST-LORE. The following is one of three examples of dreams of which Mr Owen asserts that they involve, "unless the narrators directly lie, ................... phenomena and laws connected with dreaming, which have never yet been ex- plained, and have scarcely been investigate." It was communicated by the daughter of a gentleman well- known in the literary circles of Great Britain, and he gives it in her own words. "ONE DREAM THE COUNTERPART OF ANOTHER. "We had a friend, S——, who some years ago was in a delicate state of health, believed to be consumptive. He lived several hundred miles from us, and, although our family were intimately acquainted with himself, we knew neither his home nor his family; our intercourse being chiefly by letters, received at intervals. "One night, when there was no special cause for my mind reverting to our friend or to his state of health, I dreamed that I had to go to the town where he resided. In my dream I seemed to arrive at a particular house, into which I entered, and went straight up stairs into a darkened chamber. There, on his bed, I saw S—— lying as if about to die. I walked up to him; and, not mournfully, but as if filled with hopeful assurance, I took his hand and said, 'No, you are not going to die. Be comforted; You will live!' Even as I spoke I seemed to hear an exquisite stream of music sounding through the room. "On waking, so vivid were the impressions remain- ing, that, unable to shake them off even the next day, I communicated them to my mother, and then wrote to S——, inquiring after his health, but giving him no clue to the cause of my anxiety. "His reply informed us that he had been very ill— indeed, supposed to be at the point of death—and that my letter, which for several days he had been too ill to read, had been a great happiness to him. "It was three years after this that my mother and I met S—— in London; and the conversation, turning to dreams, I said, 'By the way, I had a singular dream about three years ago when you were so ill:' and I re- lated it. As I proceeded, I observed a remarkable ex- pression spread over his face; and when I concluded, he said, with emotion, 'This is singular indeed; for, I too, had a night or two before your letter arrived, a dream the very counterpart of yours. I seemed to myself on the point of death, and was taking final leave of my brother. "Is there anything," he said, "I can do for you before you die?" "Yes," I replied in my dream; "two things. Send for my friend A.M.H.— ;I must see her before I depart." "Impossible," said my brother; it would be an unheard of thing; she would never come." "She would," I insisted, in my dream, and added, "I would also hear my favourite sonata by Beethover, ere I die." "But these are trifles," exclaimed my brother, almost sternly. "Have you no desires more earnest at so solemn an hour?" "No; to see my friend A.M. and to hear that sonata, that is all I wish." And even as I spoke, in my dream, I saw you enter. You walked up to the bed with a cheerful air; and while the music I had longer for filled the room, you spoke to me encouragingly, saying I would not die." "Knowing the writer well, I can vouch for this nar ration; embodying as it does, that rare and remarkable phenomenon, two concurring and synchronous drean." Mr. Owen's volume is rick in examples of "Distur- bances popularly termed Haunting." The oldest case it cites is that which is narrated by Glanvil as having occurred at Mr. Mompesson's house at Hedworth, and continued for two entire years, namely, from April 1681, until April 1683. The disturbance in this instance con- sisted mainly in a continual noise of drumming, the ori- gin of which was never discovered, but it was connected in Mr. Mompesson's mind with the fact that, as a magis- trate, he had committed to prison a vagrant drummer who had been annoying the country by noisy demands for charity. The next case quoted at length is that of the noises which for two months harrassed the inmates of the parsonage at Epworth in 1716 and 1717, during the in- cumbancy of the Rev. Samuel Wesley, the father of the founder of Methodism. Many other instances are given of haunted houses more recent, and some of them still more curious than those we have mentioned; but these were only prolusions to the famous knockings at Hydes- ville, Western New York, in 1818, from which dates the discovery that "these mysterious sounds are instinct with intelligence," and that disembodied spirits, though capable of articulate speech, prefer to hold converse with mortals by rapping, and willingly respond to persons through that medium. In Mr. Mompesson's case, sus- picion pointed strongly to one living person as the con- triver of the disturbances, and in the Hydesville case there is glaring evidence of malicious human agency. The Fox family, the tenants of the haunted house, were in- formed by the knocking ghost that his name was Charles B. Rosma and that he had been murdered and buried in the cellar by a Mr. Bell, who had formerly occupied the house. The story was backed up by the manifestly col- lusive evidence of a servant who had lived with Mr. Bell, and by this discovery, after the lapse of some months, of a few human bones under the floor of the cellar, where the ghost declared that his body had been buried whole. These bones "on examination by a medical man skilled in anatomy, proved to be portions [only] of a human skeleton, including two bones of the hand and certain parts of the skull; but no connected skull was found." Mr. Bell, the allege murderer, on hearing of these trans- actions, gave the stronger proof of conscious innocence by immediately returning to the neighbourhood of his former dwelling, and challenging inquiry; whilst, on the other hand, all inquiry failed to discover that such a person as Charles B. Rosma had ever existed. The Hydesville knockings were quickly followed by those of Rochester, in the same state, in which an officious spirit announced that a missing man had been murdered and thrown into the canal, and the enlightened public opinion of Rochester gave ready credence to the tale; but some months afterwards, the "murdered man" reappeared in the flesh; he had departed secretly to Canada to avoid his creditors. Such are the first two instance on which was based the whole theory of spirit- rapping; and in our humble opinion, it could hardly rest on a more rotten founda- tion. But Mr. Own is too resolute a believer to be re- butted by difficulties which to us appear insurmountable. See what he says of the Rochester ghost's little bit of sportive fiction— "If we concede the reality of the spirit-rap, and if we assume to judge of ultra-mundane intentions, we may imagine the purpose was, by so early and so marked a lesson, to warn men, even from the commencement, putting implicit faith in spiritual communications." Be it so. We accept the warning in the most unlim- ited sense. 