ADELAIDE: FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1. THE -PROPOSED REASSEMBLING OF PARLIAMENT. The day of straining at gnats and swallowing camels has not jet gone by. The Ministry that strenuously refused to convene Parliament in 'December to rectify an error at once trifling in its character and most serious in its conse quences resolves to call an extraordinary meet ing in February for the sake of something lea.! than a punctilio— a mere vhim or raenta vagary of the law officers of the Crown, onlj paialleled in absurdity by the never-to-be' forgotten 'Opinion' of those gentlemen or anotlier constitutional question. The learnec gentleman who in a private capacity arguec vehemently against the calling together of Far liament some twelve or fifteen months ago when the very legality of the existence of th( next Parliament was shown to be at stake now as Attorney-General advises his colleague! that they must reassemble the two Houses tc meet a doubt that exists in none but the most crotchetty pates. Who would imagine thai the Cabinet and the Counsellor, who are now so delicate in their technical susceptibilities, are the same who on those former occasion gulped down 'the entire animal'' with the utmost facility ? It i3 stated with the utmost positiveness thai the Government have really determined to call the Parliament together immediately, for nc other purpose than to afford an opportunity tc the Legislative Council to declare the Vacanciei which, under the provisions of the Constitution Act, necessarily occur in that body from * and after to- morrow. On the 2nd of February, 1857 the writs for the first elections of members o the Upper Honse were issued ; and four yean from that date one-third of that House cease! to be. To-morrow, therefore, the Legislate Council will be, ?? 1 » Us degree, precisely in th( same position as the House of Assembly woulc be three years from the day on which it fira met for the transaction of business, supposing it had not been dissolved before the end oi that term. Ic becomes extiuct by dilution of time — the only difference between the twe Houses being that the one dies at once, anc the other by quadrennial instalments. Nothing can more clearly show— we will not say the neecleisnesj, but— the absurdity of the course which it is said the Ministry are about to pur sue now than to apply the principle on wbicl they must act in this matter to toe case of ihf Lower House. Supposing that House to run out its constitutional term of existence il cannot be revived, according to our sapieni rulers, until it has been called together to de clare the fact of its own dissolution. Tht defunct body is to be reanimated to proclaim itself defunct. The ghost of the departed Assembly is to hover about its ancient habita tion in order to announce the feet that it U nc more. In plain terms, an extinct body must be made to act after it . has lost all power of action. The same principle must apply in the case of » dissolution of the Assembly by the Governor. The dissolution creates that 'other incapacity' which is held to neces sitate the formal notification of the vacan cies to created, first by resolution in the House, and next by its President or Speaker. There is nothing in the Constitution Act, or the most recent Electoral Act, authorizing the Governor to issue writs for the election of a new House of Assembly which does not also apply to his power of issuing writs lor the one third moiety of the Legislative Council to re place that portion which becomes extinct by operation of the general principle of the Consti tution Act. If it is lawful for the Governor of bit own motion to wue wriU for tb« «to» Uon of a new Assembly, it is equTkUy-Uwful for him to issue writs' for the election of six new. members of the Council when one- third of that bod; ceases to be by virtue of the direct operation of the Constitution Act. This is not mere dogmatic assertion— it is the ne cessary inference from tho whole tenor and spirit of the Constitution Act, arid it is for those who affirm the contrary to give reasons for their opinion by pointing out the provisions on which they rely. But not only do the obvious spirit and general principles of the Constitution and Electoral Acts militate against the views said to bo entertained by the Government, the plain language and orderly arrangement of the clauses are equally opposed to them. The 26th clause of the Constitution Act— the only clause which can croato any doubt on tho matter— is manifestly intended to apply to ex ceptional cases only. The renovation of the Assembly tfier its complete dissolution, and of the Council after its periodical partial disso lution, is secured under the general powers im plied in the 2ud clause of that Act. But provision had to be made for the restoration of the full complement of the Parliament after those casual occurrences which may at any time cause vacancies in tho Parliamentary rank?. And this is done in the 26th clause, whi?h follows the clauses in which all the modes of personal incapacity for legislative servico are detailed. . From its position in the Act the exceptional purport of this clause is rendered evident ; even if it were not so by the phraseology employed. But the phraseology confirms this view. It is 'a vacancy' that is there provided for — not a constitutional extinction of the legislative body ; and it is such a vacancy as may occur equally in the Legislative Council or the House of Assembly, for the two Houses are named in combination in the clause It is impossible for any careful student of the Con stitution Act to como to any other conclusion than that the Governor, if he have power to issue any writs at all without the instigation of the Chairman of one of the Housei, has full power to issue them when the expiry of four years partially dissolves the Legislative Council. The idea embodied in the Constitution Ait is this s— A certain amount of change in tho legislative body must be periodically effected, and that shall be secured by making the term of office of so many cease after a certain time. The head of the Executive knows when that time arrive?, and upon him is devolved the duty of making provision for restoring tho Parliament to itg constitutional dimensions. But accidental changes will occur at irregular times; and the executive government can hnvo no knowledge of such changes unless intimated by the representative of tho body in which they occur. The vacancies which, come within the knowledge of the Governor as constitu tionally neccBsaryi or created by his own uct in dissolving the Assembly, he must tnko certain steps to refill. But he caunot tato bucIi steps in relation to casual vacancies until the fact of their occurrence has been communicated to them; and there fore the House and its Chairman must give him the necessary information before ho acts. And this simple and rational idea of the Constitution Act is evidently recognised and carried, out in tho Electoral Act. 'Why else are there two distinct clauses relating to the usuo of writs when one would otherwise have suJficcfl ? The first of these clauses (sec tion 21 of ihe Electoral Act of 1857-8) gives tho Governor a general power to issue writs for the election of members to serve in the Legis lative Council and House of Assembly respec tively ; and obviously refers to these times of general re election which are required by the provisions of tho Constitution Act. The next clause refers to the exceptional cases merely, and enacts that in such cues the writs shall only be issued on llio receipt of the notification of the vacancy. As many of our readers may not be ablo to refer readily to the Act itsolf, we quote the clause, which reads us follows : — '22. All writs directed to be caused to lie issued hy the President or Sneaker, for the purpose of electing a member to nil any scat in the Legisla tive Council or House of Assembly, vacant by the death, resignation, acceptance W office, or other incapacity of any member, shall be issued bv the (Jovernor only, upon the receipt from the Presi dent or Sneaker of the said Legislative Council or House of Assembly respectively of a notification of such vacancy.' We would call special attention to the con struction of this clause. It is obviously limited in its application ; for it specifics all writs of a certain kind — that is, the writs 'directed' by the Constitution Act 'to be caused to be issued by the President or Speaker.' And it clrarly implies that other writs than those referred to in the clause may be issued by the Governor without a notifica tion from the Chairman of either House ; for, if otherwise, the clause would have been made absolute by striking out the words 'directed to be caused to b'e iisued by the President or Speaker,' and enacting simply that ' all torilit shall be issued only upon the receipt of a noti« fication,' -$c Putting together the points we havo established, let us see the result we have obtained. .We have seen that the Governor has power to issue writs without the direct intervention of either branch . of the Legislature. We have teen that tbe diaiolu* tion of the Assembly and the partialdiisolu tion of the Council stand constitutionally in the same category. We have seen that to require the intervention of the Assembly in jts own renovation is absurd, because it is to require an impossibility. It follows that to demand the assistance of the Council at its quadrennial replenishment is equally needless, if less absurd. The independent power to issue writs whioh it is admitted the Governor possesses must apply to these periodical occa sions, or it can have no active existence whatever. .?'?.?;????'? ' ? . : : 