THE BISHOP OF HOBARTOWN AND MR. FAWNS. A lecture was recently delivered in Tasmania by a Mr. Fawns on that, at all times, most ? attractive subject, the errors of the Church of : Rome, and the misgovernment of the Roman ! States by the Sovereign Pontiff. The lecture j of course made up of the usual staple of such commodities, which must be true because they are so often repeated, received additional illustrations at the hands of the lecturer, who, oemg a man ot genius, drew liberally upon 1113 imagination for the facts with which he en livened his discourse ; for however edifying it may be to listen to the enormities committed by the Church of Rome, it must be confessed that although the delicacies are frequently dished up with great skill, still the toujours perdrix wants a little relief, and it was therefore highly inter esting to listen to a narrative of some of the misdeeds of the Roman Government, which are made the more interesting by being known only to Mi*. Fawns himself. The Bishop of Hobartown wrote to the Linnoeston Examiner to correct some of Mr. Fawns' statements, but that journal, with a spirit of impartiality which can not be too highly commended. declined to insert the publication, and he was therefore compelled to address himself to the Hobartoion Mercury, from his letter in which paper we make the the following extracts : — ' Was Mr. Fawns ever at Rome at all ? * * * * * , 2. Mr. Fawns asserts — ' The streets at night (in Rome) are only lighted by a small oil lamp, suspended between the houses on each side by a string, with very little oil and very little wick. You get no real benefit— only, ?in fact, become cognizant of the darkness.'' Subsequently, he says he has ' no recollection of gas,' My last visit to Rome was. in 1854, where, I spent between four and five months. Whenever in the streets in the evening there,, I found as brilliant gas lamps as I ever. met with in Eng land, France, or Australia— lamps, not suspended iu the middle of the streets, but on posts at the sides of the houses, and on posts as elegant as those in London or Hobart Town. How Mr. Fawns could mistake these brilliant ga3-lights for shabby evil ones, of course I cannot devise ; but that he did so is actually proved, if we are to believe his words ; and thi3 circumstance alone must convince any rational being that either this gentleman's vision was so imperfdet as not to allow him to distinguish the difference between the twinkling of a miserable oil lamp and a brilliant gas light, or that he has stated in his lecture what he knew was not correct. In either case, the testimony of such a witness can be of little worth. And whilst speaking on the subject of gas, I might ask, how could it occur that when Mr. Fawns was in that part of Rome where stood the palace of the Csesavs, he could avoid seeing a Huge building, huge in length and breadth, with its lofty chimney, and shaped line no other .? building in that city, or if indeed he did see such erection, and knew not to what use it was: appropriated, he had not the curiosity to en quire ? ._ Had ho done so, he. would hjavebeen informed it was tlie place where the' gas 'was i 'made \~xw light the public streets and private houses; and by that means, 'at all events, he. would have ascertained that gas was used, even in Rome. He tells us in his lecture that Rome contains a population of 190,000; you may therefore easily imagine the gas works are not on a very limited scale, but still this, building, we must suppose, escaped Mr. Fawns' observation ! „ Well, be it so! 2\. Mr. Fawns states — 'A Roman prison is an awful place, where you are almost sure to be devoured with vermin, and only once a day a handful of corn is given to be mixed with water as icou. , , This Mr. Fawns has seen, or can pledge him self as to its truth. I, too, have visited Roman prisons, and per haps as many times as that gentleman; and, not being entirely a novice on prison matters,: was anxious to examine minutely those in Rome. Some of them required considerable alterations in their arrangement, &c;, and Mr. Maguire,io. his book on Rome, telte.us, that great improve ments were in progress. ..-.?.. But, Sir, to the point in question. I can state, that 1 have been present when the rations were served out — have carefully examined and. tasted them — and can affirm, but it has never been my lot to see food so good, and so plentiful, in any gaol in England (and I have see many), or in France, New South Wales, .Victoria, or [Tas mania. I mean the felons' jails in Rome; ? A grosser calumny was never fabricated than that about ' the handful of corn once a-day.' I must persume Mr. Fawns has allowed some impudent luiave to impose upon him with the vile story.' Charity for him, dictates this 'supposition. ! 3 Mr. Fawns observes— '? There is one 'more peculiar ceremony, &c.;' ,. ' j There is one more peculiar ceremony per formed by one of the Cardinals during Holy Week. He curses all Jews, Turks, and Here tics, which last include several thousands of Protestants, English, American, and German, snendiner the winter in Rome. These arn nursnrl by ' Beli, Book, and Candle;' The little bell is rung, the curse is sung' from the book, and the lighted tapers are thrown down amongst the people. .' When all the monks and priests are assembled in the Cathedral, the Cardinal pronouhce8: the following curse :— ' By the authority of God the Father Almighty, of the : Blessed yirgin Mary, of St. Peter and St. Paul, and of the Holy Saints — first ah ex-communication, and :then,; the Cardinal with a deep voice prpceeds thus— We curse and ban (or outlaw), commit and deliver to the Devil of Hell, hiui -or ,her, whatsoever he or she may bo. excommunicated and accursed may they be and given body and soul to the Devil; cursed be* they in cities,- in towns, in fields, in ways, in -paths, in-.bjOuses, I out of houses, and all mother. places,*: standing, I lying, or rising, walking, running, .-. waking, sleeping, eating, drinking,' and whatsoever things they do besides. We separate them from the threshold and from all prayers of the Church, from the holy mass, from all the sacra ments, from holy bread and holy water, from all the merits of God's priests and religious men, from all pardons, privileges, grants, immunities rhich all the Holy Fathers and tin Popes of Rome have granted,' and we give them over utterly to the power of the fiend, and let as quench their soul if they be dead this night in pains of hell-fire as this candle is now. quenched and put out (one is. put out) ; and let us pray to God thaUf they be alive their eyes may be put out as this candle is put out (second candle put out); and let us pray to God, and to our Lady, and to St. Peter and St. Paul, and all the Holy Saints, that all the senses of their body may fail them, and that they may have no feeling a3 now this candle is gone (thrown down), except ' they come openly and now confess their bias phemy and by repentance as in them shall lie make confession and . satisfaction to God, bur Lady, St. Peter, and the worshipful company of this our Cathedral Church.' As this 'peculiar ceremony' takes place pub licly in the Cathedral, that is, in St. Peter's, Mr. FawnSi no doubt,, was, present, as we are told ''that' he pledges himself on his honour, that he states nothing but whathe saw,' Now, Sir, it has been my good fortune to be in Rome three different times during Holy: Week, and each time I had the hapiness to attend the sublime services of the Church in the Cathedral* Not, however, until I read the curse in your newspaper, did I ever hear one word about this cursing service. I have certainly a tolerable acquaintance with the Roman Liturgy, having had it pretty constantly in my handsfor nearly half a century ; and, would you believe me, I have never met with this ' peculiar service' in any of its parts. , Of course if this awful ceremony and fearful curse really -took place. either in Rome or in any portion- of the Latin Church, it must' be found in some part of the Liturgy. The Liturgy of the Church does not change with '.every wind of doctrine' But, still it is quite true that I have been present when a Cardinal officiated in St. Peter's Cathedral, in Holy Week, when the priests and monks were there, and when her Has mentioned schismatics and heritics. (I presume that Mr. Fawns will allow there is such a sin as heresy, at least St. „ Paul did) but, I heard no curse uttered. The following praye* was poured forth, but forsooth, it savours- very little of a carse, as youjwjiir perceive.— - - ? 'O Almighty_.and Eternal Go3, who savest all, and would have none to perish ; look down on those souls that are seduced by the deceits of the devil ; that the hearts of all those that err, laying aside all heritical malice, may repent and return to the unity of the truth. Through Jesus Christ our Lord, who livest one God world without end. Amen.' There are also other services in St. Peters, iu Holy Week, when with a Cardinal, or Cardinals, Priests, and Monks attend, and when tapers are lighted, and from time to time, extinguished ; and I am strongly inclined to suppose the wonderful story Mr. Fawns related to the good -people of -Lnunooatofe-^arb&at-the.; cursing, arid. lighted tapers, has ?its orig'ri' in this function. Let us examine a little. 'Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings, in Holy week, the divine office;; for the clergy is termed ' Tenebne,' be cause it takes place towards evening, and many, even strangers, wish to attend. The first part of this divine service consists of nine of the Psalms of David, referring, chiefly, to our blessed Lord and his sufferings, and at the end of each Psalm, a taper is extinguished, to remind us, of the approaching death of the World's Redeemer —that is, of what took-place. Then portions from the Lamentations of 'the Prophet Jeremiah, are sung in plaintive tones. This section ot the office is followed by other Psalms, the tapers being extinguished, until the canticle of Zachariah is chanted (St. Luke 1.) and then when all the lights are put . out, the Miserere Psalm is sung or recited (which I hope Mr. Fawns heard in the Sixtine Chapel) concluding with this subline and soul-stirring prayer: — 'Christ became obedient for us unto death even the death of the cross.' 'Look down, O Lord we beseech Thee, on uhis Thy family, for which ous \Lovd Jesus Christ, did not hesitate to be delivered into the hands of wicked mep, and to suffer the torment of the cross; who lives and reigns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, for ever and ever.. Amen.' And thus you have a plain and simple state ment of what actually takes place in St. Peter's, and, in fact, in every portion of the Latin Church* at that sacred time. * * a ,s * , The warning so emphatically given us by the wisest of men should serve to check us in our zeal when justice, 'truth, and the happiness of others are at stake — 'These six 'things doth the Lord hate : yea, seven are an abomination into him. A false witness that speaketh lies and he that soweth discord among brethren'* — -Prov. vi,, 16, 19. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant. 1 f R. W. WlLLSON, . Catholic Bishop of Hobartown. A meeting waa held on Wednesday by members of the Northern and Western districts of the colony, in the repding room adjoining the Le gislative Assembly, 'to urge upon ;the Government the- necessity of- proceeding with the lines of rail way to Bathurst and Armidale, simultaneously with, thafrto. Goulburn; The necessity of opening the Western and Northern districts, of .which the two towns just named , form the. nucleus, ..was strongly insisted , upon. ;, During the, conversation. the con duct of. the .Government, was severely blamed for the,partiality:they have shown. in their present rail way scheme,, and the twenty-three . members who had assembled to take part in the proceedings, pledged themselves . to insist up,on the Government adopting means to carry on all three lines at the same time. 