ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editors of the 'Armidale Express.' MESSRS. EDITORS—Why throw a wet blan- ket upon us Northern miners? Give us a ghost of a chance to open up new ground. A digger has little more than Hope to sus- tain him in his but too often unrequited labours; then why deprive him of that little? While on this subject, I would just hint that your correspondents from the diggings should give us more about gold and the search for it, and less about crino- line and cabbage gardens. I admit that it is both cruel and unjust towards the mining community to draw them from their houses by exaggerated reports of the yield of distant gold fields, but it is an equal injustice to a district to depreciate its mineral resources before it has been thoroughly prospected by perse- vering and experienced miners. As an evidence of this, diggers have been potter- ing and fossicking about the plateaux that surround the Australian Alps, and form the sources of the Murray and Murrum- bidgee, ever since the first discovery of gold in this colony, and yet Kiandra, with its rich deposits, was only dropped upon last year, and Lambing Flat and Crackem- back still more recently. I am induced to write thus from the tone of your mining correspondent's re- marks in your last issue relative to the newly opened gold field on Tilbuster run— I will not say newly discovered, because small parcels of gold have been obtained in that locality from time to time for years, and it has been stated by the most compe- tent judge of gold-bearing formations in this colony, or perhaps in the world (the Rev. W. B. Clarke), that the majority of the streams forming the head waters of the Macleay are auriferous. It is therefore probable that a number of gold fields, limited in extent, will continually be dis- covered on the feeders of those main creeks immediately below the point where they collect their waters and descend from the basaltic crust that covers the summit of the range. The presence of gold may be detected in the main channels of drainage, and it will possibly be found in remunera- tive quantities at the mouths of many of the feeders, but the heaviest deposits will be found in the vicinity of SMALLER WATERCOURSES, which have been hitherto overlooked by the miner. In places where the trappean crust has disappeared, but where its former existence can still be traced in the composition of the soil, or amidst the shingle in the beds of the creeks, where no other rocks are now exhibited but huge masses of granite protruding through the surface, gold may be sought for in basins and in obliterated water-courses with some prospect of success, particularly where the fall is not too steep and where the district is favourable for its deposit and retention. lt is now well understood that gold is reduced from metallic sublimations under certain chemical conditions, together with rubies, garnets, and other formations upon the surface of masses of hornblendic granite. The presence of the trappean debris is therefore only valuable inasmuch as it tends to prove that the locality has not been lowered far beneath the surface of the granites, and that the least perishable of the components of the outer crust may still exist in the neighbouring basins, and form a portion or the alluvium. I may also add that when gold derived from the same source is mingled with the ancient granitic drifts which interposed be- tween the granites and the basaltic rock, the presence of the debris of basalt or other trappean formations ought to lead to the conclusion that a portion of these drifts, although removed from their original site and interspersed with other matter, is de- posited in the vicinity. The gold miner on a new field should bear in mind, together with the fact that the surface of a broken country is under- going a perpetual change, that streams have flowed over what are now low ridges and long slopes; that many watercourses are completely obliterated to the eye of the superficial observer, and that channels have frequently shifted from one side of a moun- tain, [?], or morass to the other; although it is probable that the largest portion of auriferous dirt was brought down at one particular period, and will be found in but one of those channels—WHICH, is the problem that is his province to solve. But all this time I have been [?] of Puddledock. During the last week of the year just closed, about 200 men from the Rocky and the adjacent districts assembled upon that field, and pegged out all the ground round about the prospecting claim. A large number of shafts were speedily bottomed, and as speedily pronounced worthless and abandoned; without driving, or making any further effort, the majority of the Rocky men left the place in disgust, and returned to their old quarters. They were no sooner gone than a number of the deserted shafts were taken up by new- comers, who drove a few feet, and in most instances struck the lead. I have had a long conversation with one of these for- tunates, upon whom I can rely, as I know him well. Moreover, his statement has been corroborated by others. He says that the wash dirt is from 4 to 5 feet wide, and 12 to 18 inches thick; that as much as 4, 5, and 6 dwts. to the dish has been obtained; that the yield averages from 1¼ to 3 ounces of gold per load; and that there are some sixteen companies now on the ground, all satisfied with the proceeds of their labour. I have further perused letters addressed by men there to their mates within the last few hours, requesting that they would join them as soon and as quietly as possible. You may therefore form your own opinion as to whether Puddledock is another of our failures. Perhaps the best way would be to go and judge for yourselves. PICK. 