GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. New TOWN RACES.—The time for receiv ing tenders for Booths and Gate at the forth' coming Hew Town Races will be four o'olock in the afternoon, and not tmln as previously advertised. Taoiu* MOOBB.—He was very well dressed, bright sparkling little man It it a disenchanting phrase to apply to a nnti< mental poet; but I most say, in his general appearance, there was something that very nearly approximated to what is now denominated as "jolly." He_ had dark, and most vivaciona eyes, hair of the tame colour, and in aufloent ahnndanoe, glossy, and nieely arranged {a broad, eommaadin* I fonh*ad;a coaspUzioti frMh,akar, aud mddy • small, bat well-defined features, a mouth that seemed made alone for mirth and brimming smiles; as extraordinary play and expression of countenance, whose changeful variety yet ever betrayed tbe genius within: a quick, biisk, active gait ; a merry, joyous laugh ; and tbe generally diffused impress of a happy, healthy, easy man—one contented guite.with the lot he had drawn in life, and in perfect amity and peace with those about him. Snch was the aspect Moore presented when I first saw him.—Trai fa of Character. TBOWAS CIMPILI, —Though folly concious of talents he posessed, which bad so justly advasoed him to such a prominent and popular rank in literature, Campell had not an atom of vain boasifulness about him. He weuld talk to you of his poems if questioned, but seldom himself introduced the subject. Be often laughingly said he could never understand how the ''Pleasnres of Hope," written when h* was very young, had obtained so extensive a fame Himeell ranked much higher—and my own judgment is certainly quiet coincident with his— bis minor poems of these, the "Exile of Erin" was an especial favori'e. Much fsndertban of discussing his own or other persons' poetry was he of expatiating on the charms and attractions of his own beautiful and attractive country. He had a vein of superstition interwoven in his nature. Though I do not pretend to affirm ho virtually believed in the existence of "wraiths" "brownies" aud all the other deniieas of the supernatural kingdom, still, he had some wondejfhl, and' ofciurse well attested legends to narrate, in which ibe airy visitants played . a remarkable and conspicuous parr, and* he told ibe tales with such undouhtinc gravityclothing them in language so opposite to, and in entire harmony with the subject, that my youthful ears drank them ia eagerly and reverently, and notbiog was there to me a source of greater pleasure than aa affirmative being given to my request of "Pray Mr. Campbell (ell us a ghost Btory."—Traits of Character. GENEBAI, POST OFFICE.—24th Januarv, 1861—LiBt of Letters posted this day insufficiently stamped or not stsoiped st all:— Mr John P Faulkner, Colli-gwood, Victoria. Mr. W. Hngg, Kelly-street. MIEB M. M'Arthur, Kelly-street. Mr. Alfred Willicomb, Harrington street. Lieutenant H Boyes, Acting Adjutant B.V.R C., Stone Office. INUOEST.—An inquest was held st Glenorcby, yesterday, before John Porsfpr, Esq., Coroner, in the absence of Mr. Jones, on the body of an old man, named George Russell generally called • Old George.' The old man was in the service of Mrs Avery, and VSR chopping firewood in the bush when he suddenly fell down and instantly expired. The pail mortem examination showed that deceased had long been suffering from extensive ossification of the heart. The jury returned a verdict of died from natural oauses iNeDEsr.—An inquest was he'd yesterday afternoon, at the "Gordon Castle," before John Foster, Esq., coroner, and a respectable jury, on the body of John Hughes, who was found drowned yesterday between 12 snd I o'clook, in tbe Constitution Dock. Tiie deceased was cook and steward on board the North Star, and on Wednesday evenins Captain Dall told him to come to his house to [ bring his things on board the vessel, as she vras to sail on Thursday. On tbe deceased i coming to the Captain's houte he was under the influence ofliquor, and all the articles not ' being ready, tbe Captain told him to come up In the morning. Not coming up. the Captain i went on board and was surprised to find de- I ceased had not been seen, He went to the ' Police Otfioe, but could bear no tidings of him 1 there. In the meau time a rumour had obtained currency tbat he had fallen into the i dock trying to g^t onboard the vessel. Drags Were procured, and cried between the vessel and the side of tbe dock, and the unfortunate man was hauled up and conveyed to the Hospital. Sr Turnley made a post mortem examination, anil said death was caused by i drowning. The deceased was last seen alive at the house of James Hull, Battery l'oint, and at the suggestion of the coroner tbe inquest was adjourned for twenty Jour hours to find, if possible, whether any person saw him going along the wharf after leaving Hull's house. ST, GEORGE'S CHURCH.—List evening a meeting of tbe congregation of St Qenrge's was held in the School Room, and the rules of tbe new Parochial Association were adopted and a Committee appointed. We wish tbe new Association every success. Its formation is a step in the right direction. We wish other Churches would adopt a similar course. Depend upon it it would be for their adrantBge. Onn HoKonR.—When Lord Holland was on bis deatb-bed, his friend Gnorge Selwyn called to enquire how his lordship was, and left his card. This was taken to Lord Holland who said: " If Mr. Selwvn calls again, show him into my room, if I am alive, I shall be glad to see bim ; if I am dead, I am sure be will he delighted to see me." ABSINTHE.—Neither war, nor famine, nor pestilence, are so destructive in their effects as that terrible decoction of wormword. Like smoking it iB an acquired taste, and, like most pernicious habits of its class, the most difficult to rid oneself of when fairly acquired. But give it tether, and there ia no constitution, however strong, that it will not break up in time, I am sorry to say that some of the ArabB, now and then, contrary to their stringent UWB, do not refuse to taste it. Woe to them, if they duobey too often, in this respect at least, the stein ordinances of Mahoramed.—The CorBair and his Con- queror. By Henry E. Pope. 