CRIMINAL SOLDIERS. [TIMES.] For some time past the increase of crime among soldiers has been pointed out by Judges in their charges to the Grand Juries, and has been remarked by all who attend our criminal courts. On several occasions the army has contributed more than half the pri- , sonars to the Calendar at Winchester, and Mr.. Justice Byles commented upon the same feat to-day -- inn at Maidstone but a day or two ago. Various explanations of the fact have been suggested ; among others, that recruiting sergeants of the Line no longer draw their levies from the same hardy and industrious classes who furnished the sinews and strength of the Penin aular regiments. No one, however, we apprehend, would extend this criticism to the Guards, or dispute that the ranks of the Household Brigade are filled with the very cream of the roving spirits from our rural population. Yet it is among this picked and favoured body of troops that we have frequently to re. come the most wanton and dastardly outrages, and such as are calculated to make the very name of soldier odious to peaceful citizens. The case which came before Mr Paynter on Wednesday at the Westminster Police Court was of this character. Two soldiers were seen fighting, ("upwards of 20 of their comrades looking on, flourishing their belts about, and evidently bent on something serious." A constable named Bloomfield, observing this, fetched another constable and a picket of the Life Guards, who " called upon the police to assist them." In the melee which named the two constables were separated from the picket and " surrounded by the whole of the soldiers." " Smith" (one of the combatants) said Don't let the Blues take me!" and this appeal to military honour was responded to by a most brutal attack on the policemen, in which the soldiers used their belts with cruel effect, and rescued their companion. " Ten Life Guards and three corporals" ultimately effected the arrest of Smith and another, by name Mann, but met with so desperate a resistance that " the Life Guards found it necessary to draw their swords, and flourish them about.'' Even then the cowardly instincts of this disciplined mob led them to turn on the constables, who had no swords to flourish ; one seized Bloomfield's hair, and the others unclasped their belts, and only desisted from their violence when " some persons in the crowd said they would protect the constables if they were assaulted, and knocked some of the soldiers down." This was more than they had bargained for, and their warlike spirit evaporated when it found that the objects of its ferocity were not defenceless. At last four were secured, " using dreadful threats, calling upon their comrades, and declaring it would take a dozen Blues to lodge them safely in barracks." We rejoice to be able to add that Mr. Paynter determined to send them all for trial for riot. This is not a case that can be disposed of as a mere drunken row. It may have been so in its origin (though there is no proof of it), but the form which it afterwards assumed raises very serious questions. Englishmen have from time immemorial manifested a wise impatience of all practices and privileges that may lead to a breach of the peace. So contrary was the custom of wearing swords to the spirit of our laws ' andtheAnglo-Saxonhatrcdofintimidationthatit is far less surprising that it was suddenly abandoned, than that it prevailed so long. One class \- alone in society is distinguished by the peculiar way, of carrying arms habitually, and that class is paid and maintained for the protection of the rest.. But so jealous have we been of the dangers and disorders that may arise from the presence of armed bodies of men that, I among mother precautions, a law was passed, in 1735 directing that no troops should come within two miles of any . place, except the capital or a garrisoned town during , an election, and those who had called in the military on the occasion of a violent contest at Westminster were solemnly reprimanded by Abo Speaker. Even the Duke of Wellington . minded the police before he decided on employing the troops, in anticipation of riots at s birmingham, and the greatest of our constitutional historians protests against the presence of sentinels at the door of the British Museum. More recent experience has led to the press , bition of soldiers when off duty from carrying their bayonets, and we should not wonder if a late occurrence brought about the application of a similar rule to volunteers. Nevertheless, the men still wear a belt which has for mere ornament a heavy boss of brass, and in the hands of an infuriated soldier may become a deadly weapon. No sooner does a struggle take place between a Guardsman and a civilian, especially if the latter belong to the police force, than the belt is taken off and used like a (tomahawk. A great deal has lately been said by officers of the regular army in disparagement of the discipline and smartness of Volunteers. We have heard again and again that the true soldier may be known from the counterfeit by an air of sub- ordination and self-restraint, proceeding from a genuine esprit de corps, and quite inimitable by a set of upstart amateurs. It would be well if this superiority would show itself in a decent obedience to the law, and an abstinence from acts of savage aggression. Esprit de corps is all very well, but we see that it can be evoked for the most detestable purposes, and that a cry of "Down with the Blues may be the signal for a murderous ebullition of military insolence. There cannot be a more conclusive test of this spirit than the fact that the police are the chief objects of its antipathy. No one knows better (than a soldier that a man under authority must obey orders, and is influenced by no personal motives in the simple execution of his duty. A (Constable who witnesses a riot is not a free agent and if he abstained from interference would be properly discharged from the force. But this is not all. The London police is a most respec ' table and efficient body of men, and those who can remember the old " night watch system," and the decrepit " Charlies, feel most grateful to Sir Robert Peel for an institution which carries us to walk the streets in safety. The bytfemttars who interfered top-notch Bloomfield and his brother constables from ill-usage did no more than represent the public feeling to the metropolis. This feeling will certainly call for a severe sentence on the offenders. The only doubt is whether the law, as administered by the civil power, can visit crimes of this kind with an adequate punishment. Perhaps the most effectual guarantee against their occurence would be an order directing the whole battalion to pass the winter at Aldershot. Deprived of' ' their cherished privilege of metropolitan service, the comrades of these ruffians would soon find Borne method of rough justice to deter them and others from conduct so disgraceful to the uniform they wear. SPIRITUALISM. SATURDAY REVIEW.) Hardly any occurrence of our day is so instructive as the success which spirit rappers and their advocates have Wit with on both sides of the Atlantic. It has been often stated that in America, the believers are numbered by millions and it is well known fruit countrymen of our own, who from their education ought to know better, believe, with the most simple satis action, that Mr. Hume has relations w th ghosts who employ themselves (invariably in darkened (rooms) in making tables- climb upon ottomans, ihvcBwying Mr. Hume round the ceiling, in conveying the silliest of all remarks through 1 (the clumsiness of all machinery, and in doing a "I variety of other things equally impressive and feasible. It in almost a matter of regret that explanations of many of these juggling tricks should have been published by men who put sleight of hand to its legitimate purposes, us it 5s to be feared that the credit of spirit- rapping may thus be destroyed, nndith&tj;&e; curious and instructive illustrations of human credulity which result from it may be prematurely thought to a close. It is to be regretted that educated men and women should be relieved by imdises'.oet jugglers from the responsibility of paying whether or no they are prepared to behave the stories told about Mr. Hume and his fellows upon the bare personal authority of those who told him. There has been hardly any case in modern times in which the issue whether or not the evidence which would prove v murder will prove a miracle has been so neatly used as in the case of spirit-rapping and the interposition of persons who, by untimely explanations, enable the public to disbelieve the witnesses without discrediting there, is as unsatisfactory to speculative observers as the compromises which occasionally break out in cases involving curious points of law must always be to lawyers. ' AH, however, a point of law may be argued upon a state of facts altogether imaginary, it may be interesting to con t&Her; what ought to have been and what were, in point of fact, the conclusions drawn by por- tons who read in the newspapers and olsen here Northwest in private society, a variety of stories about rapping spirits, and a ited tables, and the like, wonderful enough to justify, upon the sun condition, of their truth, the use of such wows was miraculous and ^jipernatural-who did not hear or read of any natural mode of explaining such occurrences'-and,who had no other reason than the marvellous nature of the stories themselves for supposing that the persons who related them were not speaking the truth. The first step which a reasonable person who heard or read such stories would take would be to decide whether or not he meant to form an opinion about them. If he did not think it worth his while to do so-which would be the case with almost all men of sense who did not happen to be troubled with a very large amount of superfluous leisure-he would simply amuse himself with the grotesqueness of the stories, and pay no further attention to them. For all ordinary purposes, it is safer, and generally wiser to act the part of the Scribe and Pharisee towards strange stories. If a man is sometimes led by this habit into despising a new invention or remarkable discovery, he gets no harm and does no harm by it. I Baron Alderson thought and said that it was absurd to suppose that locomotive engines could ever succeed ยก and his remark has been quoted by the idolaters of Mr. George Stephenson as a sort of awful example Yet the benighted man rose to be a Judge, and sat on the bench with much applause, for nearly thirty years. If he had believed in railways from the first, he probably would not have done much more. There can be little doubt that the same habit of mind led him to despise many other schemes which turned out ill, and probably, on the whole, it did as little harm to him as to the railways. If a man desired to go a little deeper into the matter, he would probably consider to what class of subjects the alleged discoveries belonged. A man of reasonably good education, especially if he has ever studied any branch of any scientific subject with any approach to accuracy, ought to have a fair notion of the kind of certainty attainable in the different branches of knowledge, and of the general nature of the proofs by which the propositions which belong to them are supported. He would, for example, see at once that no one could pretend to say with confidence whether or not the stars are inhabited ; nor would he pay much attention to any one, however eminent or learned, who pronounced a decisive opinion on the subject ; but he would listen respectfully to any man of established scientific reputation who told him that he had discovered a mode of form I telling"-the'general character of next year's weather. The reason of this distinction is, that it is matter of general notoriety that the nature of life, is a great riddle, and that no one knows all the conditions under which it may exist, but something is already known about the currents of the air, and the variations of heat and cold, and many discoveries may be expected to be made about them by the careful observations of well known phenomena. Applying this principle, it would be resonable for a man to say, Spiritualism belongs to a act of subjects which have always been discredited, and respecting which no discovery has ever been made. It is related to witchcraft, apparitions, and other nests of imposture, and therefore is not to be believed. : These, however, are mere general observations. If a man determined to form as sound an opinion on the subject as could be reached, he would have to examine evidence itself, and to see what really, was proved and what was not, and in this process the first and one of the most important steps would be to separate the facts stated from the inferences drawn from them. The only facts of which there is any evidence at all is that certain people saw and heard certain things. That those appearances and sounds were produced by spirits is an inference not capable of direct proof. Certain raps are heard, which, when compared with alphabets, spell out the assertion that a dead man is saying such and such things. Suppose the experiment were repeated any number of times and under all varieties of circumstances, would this prove that in fact the dead man was making those assertions ? Unless we had some independent knowledge of dead men and their modes of action, it would not prove, or tend to prove anything of the sort. As we know nothing whatever about deal men, it would be quite as reasonable to found upon the fact, supposing it to be proved, any other inference whatever - for example, that the sounds were produced by an archangel, by the devil, by devils and angels jointly, by a wild beast in the planet Saturn, or by any other cause in heaven, earth, or elsewhere. All that can be inferred from any effect is the antecedent of a cause ; our only knowledge of causation is derived from experience and if rappings and table twistings form a class of effects altogether peculiar and unrelated to any others they may, for aught we know to the contrary, be caused by anything conceivable or inconceivable. We mean by causation nothing more than invariable sequence, and how can we possibly know what is the invariable antecedents of effects which, as far as our power tracing go, are by the hypothesis ultimate phenomena. The course of a person who inquired reasonably and on true principles, into the subject of rapping spirits, would thus be barred at a very early period of his inquiry by an insuperable obstacle. He would never be able to get beyond the facts that certain noises were heard, and certain appearances seen, and that certain mo- tions took place in inanimate matter on occasion when nothing which could account for them on common and recognised principles was present. Unless he had the opportunity of making personal investigations and experiments, he would have to be contented with the fact that particular people said that this was so and it is an extremely curious question whether, if after their stories had been carefully sifted, and their means of knowledge had been ascertained to be sufficient, it appeared that they really did say so, A wise man would or would not believe them. It is of course possible to imagine cases in which he would. If the assertion was found to be made by a great many people independently of each other, and under circumstances which made collusion, or even communication, impossible or extremely difficult, the accumula- tion of evidence might no doubt be sufficient to remove all possibility of doubt ; but if upon inquiry the number of first-hand witnesses was reduced to two or three credible persons, unanimously affirming facts otherwise unex-' nmplcd, a very curious question would arise- the question, namely, as to the absolute value of human testimony. It is impossible to give a complete and definite answer to this question. "? The effect of the testimony of three sane and credible witnesses, who should unani- mously affirm, under the most awful sanctions, and after being subjected to severe tests of accuracy, that the poker and shovel walked arm in arm to the middle of a given drawing-room, and there preached a sermon on the ninth commandment, is just as much a question of experience as the question whether a man could be found capable of lifting a ton and a half. Experience appears to show that such a story would be believed by a larger number of persons, When a single anonymous individual wrote a letter to the Times three years ago to say that he had seen a whole set of murders of the most frightful kind committed in it railway train in Georgia, people not only believed him, but the Tipiec published a leading article on the atrocity of the event. It so happened that, his story was open to contradiction on a number of points, and was. in fact, contradicted and over- thrown ; but it was not disbelieved on the ground that the event was so extraordinary that the evidence of a single witness must be considered insufficient to prove it. If the scene had been laid in a place where contradiction was out of the question- as, for example on the deck of a wrccKod ship-no one would have doubted it, and the late would have been received us a striking example of the atrocities into which human nature is capable of being betrayed in its extremities. The common case of criminal trials is perhaps a stronger instance of the extraordinary amount of confidence which people place in each other's uncorroborated assertions Juries constantly convict men of crimes of the most fearful kind upon the bare statement of a single witness, of whom they knew next to nothing, that he saw the crime committed. A tenth part of the miracles said to be worked by Humow ouldhavobecn more than sufficient to stamp men of spotless character with the deepest infamy, and to con- sign them to penal servitude for life. Every one who has had much experience of juries knows the fatal weight of a direct and positive oath. No general eonttidcr-tious weigh one pin against it and it must be remembered that juries owe their authority, and indeed their very existence, to the fact that they represent common sense and common experience ; so that the readiness with which they believe sworn testimony, however serious the consequences of giving credit to it may be, must be considered as a fair specimen of the feelings of mankind at large. Ww observations apply to the question as to the value which is attached to direct evidence in favour of improbable occurrences given by men of sense, desirous of arriving at the truth, and taking pains to do so ; but the eagerness with which people have received the doctrines' of spiritualism, and the utter neglect which they have shown of the various steps indicated above towards the formation of a sound judgment, throw light on another point of consider! able interest. They show that a large proportion even of educated people are altogether destitute of anything approaching to scientific habits of mind or of thought, and that they have not the least notion of the bearings jfr value of evidence. They never seem to draw the distinction between a fact and an inference ; nor do they ever recognise the rule that if more causes than one may account for a particular state of facts, its existence cannot be said to prove any one of them. The popularity of spirit-rapping shows something more, than the rarity or strict or accurate habits of thought. It shows how wide is the prevalence of gross, downright credulity. The fact that large number of people believe the assertions of anonymous or unknown writers that they have seen tables climb upon ottomans, and J have heard ghosts playing on the piano, is very memorable. It sets the value of popular belief upon any subject which falls a little out of the common routine in a most striking and instructive light, and it proves how very little the great majority even of intelligent men and women are in the habit of watching the operations of their own minds and of regulating the formation of their opinions by anything deserving the. name of a principle. Many of the causes of this state of things are constant, and exist in all times and all states of society, but others are peculiar to our own time and country. One of the most curious of them is the spread of mechanical invention. It might have been supposed that a scientific age would be, of all ages, the least superstitious and if a scientific age meant an age in which all or many minds were scientifically trained, this might be true ; but, in point of fact, it means an age in which the results and applications of science attain unusual importance, and such a state of things is not only not a hindrance to superstition, but has a direct tendency to promote it. People fall down and worship the work of their neighbors' hands steam-engines, electric telegraphs, and printing presses. They are so impressed by the wonders produced by these and other machines, that they get to look upon science as a sort of god-a blind, arbitrary, capricious deity, who may perform at any moment any strange unreasonable prodigy. People are so overcome by electric telegraphs that they have no objection to urge against rapping spirits If an American can speak to you from the other side of the Atlantic, why may not a friend speak to you from the other side of the grave ? A story to which we had occasion to refer some years ago _ sets this in so striking a light that its repetition may be pardoned. It typifies the weaknesses of a higher class of society than the to which its hero belonged: A Lincolnshire boar was visited when in extremis, by the vicar of the parish, who administered to him appropriate spiritual advice I with more energy than success. After much ineffectual admonition, the dying man replied to the following effect in a feeble voice, and a dialect which can hardly be reproduced on paper-" but we' faith, and what on' earth a turning round the sun, and wet we railroads a ' buzzer and a whuzzen, a m clean stonied; muddled, and bet." These were his last words They sum up with great emphasis the intellectual results of scientific discovery on a great part of mankind. 