#uit §artfoiio. THE TURKISH BATH. I know what the Panacea is: it isn't education, it isn't prize-fighting, and it isn't even volunteering—it's the Turkish Bath. Education is a very good cure, I've no doubt, for rogues and vagabonds, and ruffians who com mit the crime of hunger; prize-fighting is a healthy and ennobling occupation for people made of cast iron; and volunteering is strongly recommended by the faculty to young- men of means who suffer from loss of appetite ; hut the Panacea for the Million is the Turkish Bath. Methuselah, it is now generally allowed, owed his length oi'dars to this practice. I know that an ingenious captain of Artillery lus written a book, in which lie endeavours to account for the nine centuries of the patriarch iu another way. He holds, and is under the impression that he prows, that the earth grows, and has gone on growing, erer since the creation; that in the days of Methuselah it was a very diminutive sphere indeed ; that the days and years were proportionately short; and that, consequently, Methusflah was by no means a long-lived man, reckoning according to our present scale of days and years. But the ma jority of scientific men deny this theory, and adopt the Turkisli-bath explanation. The hard, I am aware, with that disregard for truth which is one of the characteristics of the poetic race, asserts unblushingly that Brandy cures the gout, the colic, and the phtisic, And is to all men the very best of physic. But the user of the Turkish Bath needs no physic of any description, and inveighs against stimulants of all kinds; nay, it has been asserted ivith some vehemence, and maintained with some degree of argument, that the man (or woman) who should daily take a Turkish bath would stand in need of neither medicine nor raiment, and very little food would be Decessnrv. Oxygen is the one filing needful, and the regular user of the Turkish Bath gets plenty of that. I took my first in Palacestreet, Pimlico. There's a chapel nest door, but they don't charge anything extra on that account, though you can hear the organist practising quite, distinctly. Now the appearance of the bath outside is as if it were built of some crutnbly sort of stone, and npon it is printed " The Turkish Bath," in red letters, for somehow in England red is associated with everything Turkish. There are two entrances—:one for gentlemen, the other for ladies. AVhat they do on the ladies' side I can't say, but I have no doubt things are conducted in very much the same manner as upon the gentlemen's; and the fashion hereof is as follows:— As soon as yju enter, you are requested to sit upon a form, pull off your shoes, and insert your feet into a pair of slippers, a la Ttoque, fashioned out of an old pair of American goloshes or " rubbers" (at least mine were); not that it is by any means necessary, but it looks Turkish. Tlien, much as vou may admire the sentiment of Ancient Pistol's which proclaims the baseness of the " slave who pays," vou must submit to slavery for the nonce, and abase yourself to the tune of three-and-sixpence; whereupou a ticket of admittance is put, into your bund, and you are politely requested to mount, as well as your y Turkish slippers will allow you. into an upper chamber. This chamber has windows in the roof only. These windows are all open, and at your entrance you are a little scared at observing what at first appear to you as corpses in winding-sheets lying upon red-covered ottomans. After a few moments, however, you recover sufficient self-possession to be aware that some of the corpses are reading newspapers, and many smoking. They repose at full length, with a sheet partially thrown round them, and girt round the loins with what would in South Africa lie considered fl very handsome evening dress, either of a red or yellow colour. One of these " evening dresses," together-with a sheet, is then thrust into your hands. You accept both with thanks, grin feebly at. the donor, and take the liberty of asking if you are expected to imitate the apparently insane conduct of the gentlemen whom you see lying about, and every mother'6 son of whom vou are willing to bet more than you can afford, will catch his death of cold. To your relief, you find that no such sacrifice is required of you for your fh.tee-and-sixpence. Having given up your valuables into the care of the superintendent, your attention is directed to a number of square compartments, or apartments protected from the public gaze by red curtains. Into one of these you are inducted, and recommended to reduce yourself to a state of nudity; to gird yourself with the red or yellow " ap'ou " before mentioned; to throw the sheet, ghost-like, about you, and then descend die steps you just now ascended. Arrived at the bottom, you are directed to turn to the right, pull aside a red curtain, and exchange your Turkish slippers for a pair of wooden clogs. A door is then pushed open, yon are told to walk in, and do so, but for an instant feel disposed to back out again at the double. The temperature of the room is 150 "degrees, but that is comparatively a trifle: it is the spectacle you behojid which appals you. In the first place, the room is darkened; through the you dimly discover, seated upon wooden stools—as it were of repentance— placed against the walls, and over a grating through which comes the hot air, nude figures, both fat and thin. They sit and glare, as you take your -place upon a vacant stool in a corner, and spring up on the spot with a cry of pain, for you've nut been in the habit of sitting on the liob, and prefer a chair " with just the chill off;" there thev s t and glare, and perspire, and pant. Their faces are red, their" veins distended; and that stout old gentleman who weighs, on a rough calculation, about forty-seven stone, and looks like Hercules in very bad condition, gazes piteousl v at the stream which is pouring from his fat. After a few Bioments, you are sufficiently acclimatised to the temperature'to' sit down quietly and obserre the operations. Your first impression is decidedly uncomfortable 5 you can't help thinking you must have gut into a torture chamber by mistake; your memory brings back all the tales you have read about the Spanish Inquisition, and scenes from Mr. ,Ainsworth's Tower of London come floating before j'our mental vision-; forin the middleoftheroom wliereinyoirare fitting, art' Wli&t; you t&W; to Iw twoJacks; upon tbem are _.'shje tcheS *. a t fiill length two, human figures, and over these a-stradd(e stand two ghastly executioners; an occasional sigh • dV j^an'lTOm' th'e rewimbentTi^rffi aTds ™e, homble dfelus'ron. - Bfit after a Virile jour] irer, your nervesstronger, • . and jour imagination duller,'so that ihe iacks, soften'jiown. intorsimjde wooden tabTes j J —•— the -nctims into vol—"— g and the grim executioners into civil, careful; and tender operators. ; Being now in a position, mentally and corporally, to look about you, you perieive that the room in which you are has three doors: tine bv which you entered; another on your right," as you enter, which leads into a sort of yard, the temperature whereof is about 70 degrees; and a third upon your left as you enter, which opens into another room,- heated to the somewhat alarming height of 180 degrees. Of course it is only bv degrees " " ' " Hints your mind that yonder room is still hotter than that in which you sit, and that you must get baked there before you can consider yourself " thoroughly done." Then you are aware of a list of regulations, which you rise up and read. They are six in number; and, if memory serve me "truly, the first is a recommendation " to remain in the first or intermediate room until a general perspiration takes place." The second is to this effect:— " If the heat be disagreeable or oppressive, wash the head with a little warm water, and the feet and hands with cold;" and, as the heat is disagreeable and oppressive, you procejd at, once to act upon it; then, feeling, or fancying you feel, a little better, yon peruse the remaining regulations. The third, in a teetotal spirit, accords you the kind pel-mission " to drink cold water finely, if you feel inclined, as soon as the body becomes moist." The fourth is a warning to you " to take care and cool thoroughly before dressing, and whilst cooling, to expose the hodv as much as possible to the air." The fifth advises you to repose as much as you can whilst in the bath, and to avoid all exciting topics of conversation. The sixtli is rather difficult to comprehend, by reason of its grammatical structure, the complication of conjunctions being worthy of Thucydides himself. I can only give it as it is printed, to the best of my recollection :— " The proper time for taking a bath is either before meals, and not for less than two hours after a hearty one." The first part is sufficiently intelligible, but the last is too much for most scholars; however, the best way would be never to take one at all after a meal, and then you will be quite safe. After this short trial of the effect produced upon the human body at a temperature of 120 degrees by a little reading, and discovering the result to be a gentle perspiration, you, iu accordance with regulation one, enter the more fiercely heated room. You look at the thermometer, and find that yon are actually enduring a temperature of 180 degrees. You sit down upon a board placed upon a marble slab, as you see other people sitting, and you take care not to touch the marble itself with any part of your body, for the sudden hop, the starting eyes, the twisted mouth, and the pro- fane ejaculation of the gentleman opposite, the calf of whose leg came in contact with the marble, lead you to the conclusion that it isn't agreeable. In point of fact, the board is, to say the least, quite hot enough, and you're not quite sure you're not a fool for sitting on it; you think there is a great deal of reason in tiie remark of the g-entleman next to you, who mutters that it's quite, hot enough for him; and you listen with considerable interest to the short-necked gentleman, with very prominent veins, who asks in a husky voice if that sort of tiling ever brings on apoplexy ? (To be concluded, in our next.) 