: an Episode 6f the GaiMEAN : ' ; -WAR, -"5 Under the title of ' The Ghost he didb't see,", Macmillaii, contains a 'short' paper collected from the 11 rrativfe bfhh. officer, who took part' in tfite; hottest affairs before Sebastopol, and; R-hich gives soinii scraps of the hair breadth incidents of that terrible time'; Frbm them We coilect the following, which occurred alter one .if the early but ibost. hard fought stiuggles of the cathp.aigfl ; and when he hfed ridden- back; to his tent thankful for his, wonderful' et- capb : — ' I ."1' ; .;' :/// ; it was dusk, hfld he whsitgRtiag/a/candlelo' fit down , 1,0,, tits , meal,-, when he beard the voice of a .French' sbidiur calling his flame from the outride. He wiife hitflself k : perFeet toaster of that lauguaga, as .the " Soldat-dii-; irain".'whb ktodd ' outside found to his great! relief upon, his first utterance of inquiry. The Frenchman held a mdle by the bridle, stud Sdrbss the erehture's hack lay sbmethilig which look fed like a heavily filled parti coloured; cock-. . It, was a far otherwise ghastly burdeu. The body of an officer, stripped bate alf but the' trousers, the dark clothed legs h'atigin'g ; One Way, the fait skinflfld naked shotildCra and fWin rithovi lha fn no laninir fntvupHa f lioi ground. .;.. ; . "1 wits directed,' mon' offioier, tb bring this 'poor gentleman's : corpse to yob. Thtiy say; you were a friehd of tiia— bis -name is Cap tain X - /' ' ' : Even at the early-' Btage' of the campaign;; such 'shobks -had loit the fitfertling efftfet df novelty ;. nevertheless . there'/ weie/feW. Vflames: among thiose 'of his friends and comrades .which it could shock-and -grieve trim-more to hear'; pronounced under such circumstances. - He raised/fhe poor. : body, ithen! with a sigh, let it once more gently down; - There was h s'toall Vfeund hifie m tbft very centre/ of the', torsuc&dy; NTricrcrit tiio riiic.Dflii iiqq uorcso luio- the bfaiii of his hapless frififld; ) /c He flailed an orderly, and directed him to accompany :the Frenfeh man tb the dead mac's t'ewt.- He Wouici himself soon follow and see to ;his.: receiving; a coldioris obsaquies. His weariness end exhuuttioh Were such as to rehd- -cr "it (Imperatively necessary 'that he should 'first' take his f. od, to which he returned, with what/increased, weight at heart, who shnll tell ? It needs not that the tension a man's nerves should have been strung light by the hand of 'bbt'tle; fot him to knew, from his own experi- ence, Wliat. is the btrauge, aod awful, and weird /feeling "of the- first relaxation of tliem in the «ariy cfrer hours of responsibility, danger, or ito)|)6ritfbt 'brisfes 61 decision If apparitions of visions, kn'd tlmygs unearthly he indeed mere fictions 'of, men's brains, such -after ltburs are just those whorein the mind is readiest to yieldto the pbWeif' otllfosi'ofl. IlItAion or re ality mbr'e iitftVifipg, /inore. uuaCcoUntuble by far than, -it ///yHoiher! of .the. two was this? . j.:.-.- !) .':: '/ There BUtored- it the curtain of his tent the dead anan. te'W'aTds vvlibiii, in a few minutes more, he. fehohid ha'v'P been showing tho lust sad kindness. The fight was full clear upon his faco; : He took off his forage cap as he came in. Tlie broad white forehead showed no lon"cr any trace of the murderous incrash of the ball which had slain him. Into the .poor 'du'l glazed eves tlie gleam had returned — could it indeed be the gleam of returned life ? Or do 'the eyes of ghosts gleam life-like so ? rt What made you eend that Frenchman with my corpse to me f "As leasirhe-wetiia Insist thatitjvasmided , Can -t bc yoU> iniJ« Wtid shnuld it be f What a.ls you mttn ? WbV do you state at me so.?' " I cannot say what ails ma ; butl am surely under some strange delusion. It 16 nof' '"lf an hour surely, sinco I saw yon st« hfo- less across k mule s back, »vith a rifle bullet between your eyes. Wh« can tins mefen. Yon are not evon wounded. " No, tbadk God ! nothing his todobed me for this once ; but the French soldier— did you then fiend hitti up, indeed ? " Indeed I did." ' ' Hideous coraicoriragio episode in the awfdl dratna of war ! They = disdUVbted hy-ahd-by that their slain brother soldier was no comrade 6f their own corps; but a brave officer of ano. thfer arm. Neither of them. had knowfi btoi personally, nor had ti.ey heard before that between him and X— r— existed, in his life time, the most remarkable afld close resem blance— such hd identity bf feature as ts rarely seen save in twin.brotbers. .Now, it has struck rne sometimes as il have turned over in my mind this' strange but true story, that mere tody have been ansong that wearied hofet that flight men to whom indeed what happened appeared a- demonstration of the truth concern idg ghostiy vie tints! men who toay have knfivte only -the gailant toan that fell, as my ktosraan only knew the man for whom be wad mistaken ; they may havoseen him fall, or havfe known of his fatal misadventure ; and then they, tfld; may hnve seen his perfect image, his very self- as they needs ititist have reckoned it— pass by iliem, in the gleam of their tent'4 lantern, through that November mist ;—pa?fe by them, though they had been dear friendi and comrades, without !a Word, a ned, a sigrt of recognition ;— pass by them upon some uire earthly errand, on his way back, perhaps, to answer, in the gho3t world, to the roll call of the dead,- v '' "/ -;/ ... . . I 